2	A new Japanese tapas restaurant nearby my house...awesome! I was excited to try this place bc it's closeby in SW and I dont have to drive to China/Korea Town if I wanna grab a quick bite. Well, maybe I had my hopes up too high? or maybe I was expecting it to be similar to Ichiza? For ppl who are "used to" Ichiza, dont expect this place to deliever the types of tapas and the fun Japanese-street-style-restaurant atmosphere here. They had many varities of tapas for sure, but many tastes similar...salt or terriyaki flavor. The portion is small...all the dishes are like the size of a palm, literally. And they are on the pricier side. The quality and freshness were there but not the usual Tapas I was used to. Guess I'll still be driving down to Spring Mtn afterall~
3	Excitement soon turned to disappointment after the first bite.  Everything we tried seemed more middle of the road flavor and we tried a lot of stuff.  Perhaps, I'm comparing the "wow" factor that I get from Ichiza, but Kyara isn't there, yet.  The only wow items were actually the two desserts.What we ate....1.  Daikon Salad - visually appealing but just tasted like it was dunked in regular soy sauce.2.  Maguro and Ume Madai sashimi - Not so fresh3.Maguro Yukke - Tasty because it was slathered with spicy ponzu concoction4.  Albacore w/Drew Special - Similar dish from what Naked Fish has to offer over there.  It has ponzu and jalapeno.  One of the better tasting dishes, but only because you can't go wrong with ponzu5.  (Sunomono) Abalone sashimi - fresh, but bad choice on our part.  Abalone sashimi is kinda crunchy.. hmmmm6.  Gyutan (beef tongue) - just a tad too salty7.  Beef tataki - ponzu sauce to save the day again8.  Spicy tuna and rice crackers - enjoyable crunchy texture with spicy/sweet tuna9.  Dashi Maki Tamago Yaki - Sweet egg omelet, meh10.  Age nasu - fried eggplant, meh11.  Deep fried skewered fish - fluffy fish, but i'm not sure about the cheese imbeded with it.DESSERT... wowsers1.  Vanilla Tofu Mousse - The tofu was so smooth and creamy and wasn't too sweet.  perfect compliment with the raspberry sorbet2.  Chocolate Fondant (a.k.a. Chocolate souffle) - The server failed to mention during the meal that this particular dessert takes 10-15 minutes to make.  Definitely remember to order before you're done with your main meal if you don't want to wait.  .... but.... WORTH THE WAIT!!  This rivals the best souffles out there!   Ooey gooey warm and sweet.Conclusion:  Through so many dishes, I couldn't help but feel that there was something missing.  I won't give up, yet, Kyara.  I know that you're trying to break out and do something different than your sister Naked Fish.  I hope you shine soon.
4	I totally disagree with all the other reviews. This place was recommended to me by the sushi chefs at MOzen of Mandarin Oriental. After reading the reviews, I became hesitant to try it, but I decided to go as the chefs had a positive feedback. Thank goodness for listening to them, because the food was delicious and authentic!! I am Japanese, so it really reminded me of a high quality izakaya in Tokyo. Everything we ordered was so well-balanced: seafood chawan-mushi, age-mochi, niku-tofu, halibut tempura with shiso and cheese, buta-kimchee....all the kushi-yaki was great, sashimi platter was beautifully presented and was fresh. I mean, it was a real pleasant surprise. We wanted to order more but we were so full from trying so many things. Nothing was a disappointment. In conclusion, I am a fan of this place and I'm super glad that the other reviews did not deter me from checking out this place.
4	First of all, I have to say my only reason for giving a 4-star rating is because I haven't been to many other authentic izakaya style restaurants in Vegas so I don't have many to compare it to.  However, I'm a huge fan of sushi and have had a few very authentic home-cooked Japanese meals, and based on what I know from these experiences, Kyara was a pleasant surprise!  It's so unfortunate that it has gotten a few poor reviews so early because they really almost kept us from checking it out.  The bottom line is, the food was great, the atmosphere was clean and comfortable, and the price-point is great!  Do yourself a favor a give Kyara a try.  Personally I can't wait to go back for more!
4	The place is great! Great appetizers, decent price, good for small party due to restaurant divide in small sections rather than one big room like other restaurants.
4	Now this was the visit I was wanting from my previous visit.  Flavors were delicate, yummy and textures were there!  For the first time, I thought that the bomb items would naturally come from the "special" menu, but this time, we went with the gut feeling and ordered more instinctively from the main menu.  This time is was truly good.Bonus appetizer:*Deep fried yamaimo (Mountain Potato) - It was like eating delicate fries.  The potato had tempura batter and very lightly salted.  Crispy and delicious!*Albacore w/Drew Special and Tuna Carpaccio- I'm going to group this dish with the Tuna Carpaccio in terms of flavor.  Both had tangy sauce that complimented the tuna.                                *Agedashi Tofu - Kyara makes a slighty darker and saltier sauce, but I appreciated the delicately fried tofu cubes.*Eggplant Steak - This was on the saltier side, but I enjoyed it overall*Butabara - Bacon slices on a stick!!!!  Being the piggies that we are, we ordered one order each of the salt and soy sauce/terikyaki-ish versions.  I'm a lover of most things greasy and bacon. This was a winner and the soy sauce version was the overall winner of the two.*Kaisen Chawanmushi (steamed egg custard with seafood) - This was probably our favorite of the evening.  The steamed egg custard was perfectly salty infused with the essences of the seafood within it.  Slurped it all up.*Chicken Garlic Ponzu - This is basically a super tender pice of chicken cutlet with my fav flavors of garlic and ponzu.*Tori Meshi - soboro (seasoned ground chicken) with rice, hearty rice and seasoned chicken.  Good!Conclusion:  I am warming up to Kyara.  It's definitely not Raku caliber Japanese tapas, but it will do if you forget to make a reservation for Raku.
5	With the sudden and sad departure of SHIN Yakitori House in the Spring Valley area, Kyara comes as a welcome addition in this neighborhood.Call it a cross between Ichiza and Raku, this town has plenty of room for another izakaya type of establishment and many hungry customers waiting in the wings.Kyara is located in an unassuming and relatively quiet area along Jones and Sunset next to a Tropical Smoothie Cafe.  The mood is set when you enter what feels like a upscale restaurant.  Chaos is not what this place is about.There are plenty of counter seats where you can watch the kitchen in action, but with the Baby in tow, we sat at a table. The restaurant is set up in sections making private parties a great possibility.Once we were seated, there was a slight lapse where we thought we had been forgotten. Instead, they were deep frying a fresh taste of their mountain potato to get your taste buds working.The menu is easily broken up with their daily specials being the star. It's very much a revolving menu as items available two months ago aren't offered now.Our dinner items:* Deep fried Yamaimo - This mountain potato was lightly fried with a sprinkling of furikake.  The delicate flavor surprisingly impressed us and had us wanting more of this complimentary offering.  As someone asked, was it gooey...and not at all!* Yuzu Chili Salmon Salad ($7.50) - Five slices of salmon along with greens makes this a tasty dish.  Assembled quite simply but satisfyingly.* Albacore Jalapeno ($7.50) - Seven slices of albacore that had a sauce that we enjoyed.* Spicy Tuna Dip ($5) - A generous ball of spicy tuna alongside crispy rice crackers.  We spread the tuna onto the cracker and enjoyed the crunch along with the spice.* Agedashi Tofu ($4.30) - Good, but not quite my favorite although I still enjoyed it.* Negi Ma ($1.90) - The chicken and green onion we chose to have sauce on it, our mistake.  Skip the sauce next time.* Enoki Bacon ($2.30) - Anything wrapped in bacon tastes good!* Kawa ($2.20) - Grilled chicken skin...a dash of salt and togorashi is all you need.* Butabara ($2.20) The pork belly was a rather disappointing since it was dried out and not fatty enough for me. * Daikon Salad ($4.20) - I'm not usually a fan of daikon salad but the simple additions to their version makes it a nice and subtle dish.* Gyutan ($5.50) - The beef tongue was good, but not as tender as I would have hoped.* Kaisen Chawanmushi ($5) - Their version of a steamed custard was the real winner of the night.  It was super super smooth and luxurious and probably among the best chawanmushis I have ever experienced.  It also came with a decent amount of seafood inside and the Husband and I were both thoroughly impressed.  Worth getting your own and not sharing.* Koro Steak ($9.50) - We were told it was quite tender and that is the very truth.  We both loved the steak, but could have done without the beansprouts...something else would have been better.* Soft Shell Crab Appetizer ($5.80) - My only real complaint was that it lacked something...a dipping sauce of maybe ponzu, tempura sauce, or Japanese mayo would have been nice.  But then again, maybe that's how I usually get it elsewhere and that's how I'm used to having it.* Tofu Mousse ($4.80) "Homemade Vanilla Tofu Mousse" - We're all about homemade tofu and definitely wanted to try their sweet version.  It was accompanied by a raspberry(?) sorbet-like granita that could have been broken down a bit more.  It arrived in chunks that made it   difficult to get into with the wooden spoons provided.  Nonetheless, we still enjoyed this sweet ending to our dinner.  Overall, it was a lovely Mother's Day dinner.  Service was polite and what you would expect from a real Japanese restaurant.  We were impressed by the number of Japanese diners there along with the families as well.  It brings a different ambiance and we liked it.  There are a few things that are a bit more costly than what I'd expect, so be prepared.  We'll be going back again to see what other specials come up!* * Update! We returned on 06.24.  Additional items we tried included:* Beef Tataki ($9.50) - * Homemade Tofu ($4.80) - We love the simplicity of homemade tofu.  Here it is accompanied with wasabi, bonito shavings, finely grated ginger, and scallions.* Tofu Miso Kushi ($1.50) - Three pieces on a skewer, grilled with some miso sauce.  Simple and tasty.* Wakasagi Age "Deep Fried Surf Smelt" ($4.50) * Ayu Shio Yaki "Grilled seasonal sweet fish from Japan" ($9.50) * Hirame Carpaccio "Halibut - South Korea" ($6.50)* Gyu Shabu Salad "Sliced Beef & Spinach" ($6.50)* Chocolate Fondant "Homemade Chocolate Fondant with Vanilla Ice Cream" ($6.50)We were offered a different complimentary taster, but we craved the deep fried yamaimo.  They were nice enough to fry us up a batch!  Love it! Dessert was free because it was the Husband's birthday! 4.5 stars from 4 stars!
4	Without ever having been to Ichiza or Raku I can't say where Kyara fits in the hierarchy of Las Vegas izakayas. But, I can tell you that I'm a fan. Not only is the food delicious, but the layout of the restaurant is inviting yet intimate, with it's small, separate dining areas surrounding its open kitchen. The look of the place is that of a modern japanese motif without being heavyhanded and over-adorned with unnecessary flair.But, what you really want to hear about is the food, right? Here are the hits and misses that we ordered:HITS:+ Maguro carpaccio ($7.50) - brilliant, brightly colored tuna, thinly sliced. Wonderful flavors. So good we had a second order. Loved the garlic chips atop each slice of fish.+ Albacore with jalapeno ($7.50) - delicious, fresh. Another dish we had to order seconds of.+ Veggie spring rolls ($2.50) - light, crispy, not the largest spring rolls, but delicious nontheless+ Veggie tempura mix ($4.50)+ Cheese tempura ($6.50) - three slices of fairly mild cheeses (mozzarella, havarti, brie) accompanied by a fig jam. I liked it but it's a difficult dish to share if you want to split each piece of cheese.Misses: - Spicy tuna dip with rice crackers ($5) - not my favorite. I wasn't a fan of the paste-like texture of the tuna and it had little heat to it.- Pork belly ($2.20) - 3 per skewer. They were ok, but after having the pork belly at Sushi House Goyemon a couple days earlier I was disappointed. The biggest turnoff was the tiny bits of cartilage in two of the pieces of pork.I thought everything was reasonably priced. Expect to pay anywhere from $20-40 per person depending on how hungry you are. And, they have some good wines by the glass for around $5. That's tough to beat in this town. Good food + good prices = I'll be back often.
3	As I am writing this review, I am sampling the tapas offerings before me....Yuzu chili salmon;A bit overseared, fatty, not exploding with flavors, salad on side is arugala? Bitter no matter how you dress it, so as I normally do with most foods that lack punch, I ADD  hot sauce or for Japanese sakes, I add schichimi-togarashi aka jap msg! Maguro carpaccio;Better than the first, still lacking the powwww! I try not to use Bammmmm, cuz u know why.... A bit much on the sesame oil, I'd say add ponzu and call it a dayShishito peppers; Not a hard thing to grill, no marinade, just some salt, yet still no giddyup. (add togarashi). O how I love my IchiZa, sorry had to say dat...Sunagimo; chicken gizzards, yes that's right.....Really wanted to like this spot, but this item fell flat on it's gizzard, small, dry, bland, just a gizzard, some msg may perk it up? Did I just say that? Ya, msg is magical powder, all tastes good with a lil sprinkle of the magic Chinese fairy dust!Kushi-kawa; chicken skinNow this dish turns the tables a bit,Crisppity outside, soft fatty inside, tasty fatty crispy fatty, add lemon n of course some jMSG, now this is what I like! I need 4 more orders STAT!!! Tsukune; pork n chicken meat stickGet ur mind outta the gutter!This one was ordered w tare sauce, lighter than teriyaki but same taste, maybe I shulda ordered the rest like this, u can choose either salt or tare (sauce)This was good, salty, saucy, came w egg yolk dip (add togarashi) 2nd best so farJust think Japanese meatloaf n u got itBEER; Asahi on draft at $5.50 is a premium price, Orion 633ml is $6.95Either way u need it for izakaya!Overall a bit of a let down, it's been 2 months in operation so they should have stretched their legs already, decor and ambiance is good, service is attentive, quality is there, the delivery needs some tweaking (MSG) I would give them another shot but they gottta have more to give!   We shall see, oh and the special "today's sunomono" should be yesterday's pass on this one......I need another beer.....L8tR
4	You have to try their pumpkin with crispy rice and grilled food.  It can't really compare to Raku but its the 2nd alternative best to Raku.  This place is better than their sister restaurant Naked sushi.  Even the sushi rolls here are done more professional.   The service is good, too.  They do have a pretty good sake menu which I love.  This place is usually not super packed so there is no need to make reservation which is always a plus when you in the mood for good japanese food.
4	Little closed off sections makes Kyara feel very intimate. When you walk in,  you see the restaurant is not that big. The stools are surprisingly comfortable. I normally dart to the booth if possible, but I was too slow, but I wasn't hurting like I normally would when sitting on a seat without back support. Three of us came in at 11pm on a Friday and was surprised by how slow it was. By midnight, it was beginning to fill out. The service was speedy and friendly without being intrusive. We had ordered the mini udon, the perfect single portion with a few slices of fish cakes and seaweed. The broth was light and refreshing. The garlic potatoes were thrown in a thin breading and came out crispy. We also got tofu and beef. The broth for the dish was sweet, the meat is similar to bulgogi, and the tofu picked up both flavors well. Make sure to check what the daily specials are because if they have the homemade tofu, it is a must. With the consistency and slight sweetness, it is reminiscent of a panacotta. It was creamy and rich without being over decadent. Paired with the scallions, grated ginger, wasabi, and benito shavings it was more of a savory appetizer, but when eaten alone it could pass off as a dessert.
5	I was very impressed with the care the chef's put into prepping the food.  Always makes your food that more delicious when the chef is so delicate with the knife.  My favorite item was the Halibut Hamache and then the Grilled Ika with ponzu sauce.  Service was great!  Owned and operated by Japanese.  Definitely in my top 10 in Vegas.
5	First time at Kyara,First the fried potatoes fried with garlic, very good per everyone at our table...Appetizers, yuzu chili salmon and albacore drew special sauce, yums but drew special sauce has a stronger kick in terms of spicy...The butabara is delicious without the tara sauce...The tempura is good since its lightly battered... Some places uses way too much...The nasu dengaku was good for those who like eggplant...Tori meshi is yums even though its small.The age mochi had a really good broth but eat it fast... The tsukune was ok...the tsukune at Raku is better...Another good dish was the ika butter...everyone enjoyed...The koro koro steak is something to try...medium rare... Melts in your mouth...Finally the mini udons...one of the best in las vegas...Overall loved the dishes and the service was superb... Definitely high recommendations to all...
5	Great ambience, staff, and food. It's definitely worth the drive. That day, I had an amazing Aji - Sashimi that almost made me forget that I was in the middle of the desert. I don't know how they do it, but everything I tasted was fresh! I'd definitely repeat.
4	If you want to travel in style, hang out with royalty!My last minute Kyara UYE gave me the opportunity to dine with Kyara's duchess, Debbie N.  We sat at the bar, where we could see a clean and active kitchen, and a nice view of the small establishment.  While waiting for Debbie I ordered "iced green tea" and ended up with a can of  green tea over ice - fine, but probably not worth $2.50.  The rest of the experience was well worth the cost, which was very fair for what we ate!We started off by ordering homemade tofu, which I was hopeful for after reading David S.'s review, but they were out.  We got the rice crackers with kabocha dip.  It was sweet and velvety.  Debbie sensed a vanilla flavor, and it was topped with chopped peanuts.  Next, the agedashi nasu (eggplant) topped with shishito pepper.  I loved the broth, and the eggplant was only lightly fried.  The broth was so flavorful!Then, the magical yuzu chili salmon.  Delicious!  Debbie N. loves salmon so I made sure she got more, and I ate more of the greens in the yuzu dressing.  Delightful!  Then my pick, the seared mackerel with ginger, daikon and ponzu.  It had a grill/smoky flavor but yet the perfect cross between firm and delicate texture that I love about mackerel.  This was a winner and the portion was very generous.  The man next to us was the Kaeru Kid, a west-coast travel writer who had been all over the world.  He let us sample his tofu steak with bean sprout dish, and it was hearty!!!Debbie N. said I must try the kaisen chawanmushi since I never had it.  It was so delicious!  It had a sort of egg-drop flavor to me, but the texture was unique and it was so full of seafood - bay scallops, shrimp, kamaboko fish cake, oyster or mussel, calamari...wow!We decided to get one more dish.  Our waitress had sang the praises of the beef tongue stew and said it was on special tonight, so we opted for it...only to find out it was sold out too!!!  Two strikeouts for us.  We decided to get the soft shell crab appetizer and it came with ponzu.  We missed Teri C. here by 4 hours apparently, and Debbie mentioned how the restaurant must pay attention to reviews and make changes (like adding a sauce to the crab as Teri C. suggested).  Two of the chefs behind the counter recognized Debbie and greeted her personally.  I like the atmosphere, the prices are very reasonable, and there are a lot of unique options to try.  We didn't try any skewers this trip, so I need to return for some of those.  We leisurely dined and relaxed for two hours, and our waitress brought me water when my can of tea ran out.  Good service, lots of yelling irrashaimase and gozaimas as people are in and out, and the food speaks for itself!
4	By far the nicest setting for an izakaya in town. So cool how everything is set up. We took a couple of seats at the bar to watch the chefs do their magic while we ate.Definitely over-ordered based on our initial excitement over the menu choices and prices but no big deal. Stand outs included the best chawamushi in LV, yuzu chili salmon and grilled squid. The only thing we weren't into was the ika no shiokara (fermented squid guts). I never liked that dish but even my Japanese wife who normally likes it thought it was too creamy and a bit off. Aside from that, the whole dining experience was great. The staff was super friendly, very helpful and accommodating. Just what you'd expect from a high end izakaya!
5	I am a regular at Naked Fish so I finally tried this place. Been there twice already. Finally something good and refreshing. Everything cooked and the sashimi was superb. I just have to offer some constructive criticism with one item Only thing that we didn't care for was the butabara. I recommend you have your cooks braise this before they grill or slice much thinner. Very tough and chewy. Believe me I love texture, but this dish needs to be reexamined. Definitely finish off with the grilled onigiri in broth. Much better than Ichiza. Similar in concept to Raku but different styles of cooking and different dishes. Raku chef is top notch talented, but his staff are all snobs. Service at Kyara was very attentive and consistent.  Also the atmosphere and the decor is very warm, inviting, modern and clean. You guys are doing a great job. I will be back on a regular basis.
5	Even though this restaurant is in the middle-of-nowhere, it's definitely a gem! I would recommend to try this restaurant out with a group of friends so you can try more dishes.  We ordered about 12-15 dishes (including desserts) for the 4 of us. Everything turned out to be so delicious. We had three kinds of capaccio (salmon, albacore, mackerel), fried tofu, beef stew, clams, grilled fish collar, tofu mousse, etc. We ordered so many dishes that I can't recall all of them. The only thing I remember is everything tasted so GOOD! I love everything about this restaurant, the food, the decor, the staff. 5 stars period.
4	If you're you're sick and tired of waiting when you go to Ichiza or don't really feel like dealing with reservations at raku, then you've hit the jackpot.  The menu is pretty big and overwhelming at first, but take your time filter out items that just sound bleh.Ordered the stir fried squid, garlic potatoes, cheesy potatoe dish, pork intestine stew, chicken skin skewers, chicken theigh skewers, and enoki bacon.The skewers were nothing special, dont get me wrong they weren't bad, just not anything that made my mouth explode with flavor.Pork Intestine stew - very tasty, a bit salty, but worth the buckGarlic Potatoes - Do not order, very bland, not garlicy enough, I would've been more satisfied eating french fries from mcdonalds with garlic salt.Stir Fried Squid - salty and buttery, the first few bites were delicious but order a side of onigiri to cancel out the saltyness.Cheesy Tomato Potato - Call me weird but I liked this one the most.  I just don't think you can fail with cheddar cheese and potatoes on a skillet pan.
5	I was pleasantly surprised by this place. Going around to so many different sushi places around town, I wanted to try something a bit different. Honestly, only found this place when passing by on my way from work but I'm glad it caught my eye. The food was great and reasonably price. Especially try the koro koro steak! I left full and satisfied and my wallet wasn't left feeling empty either. The staff was friendly and attentive and overall, it was a great experience. I know I'll be back again real soon!
5	ITADAKIMASU!Ever have that craving for some good yakitori, or a simple bowl of udon noodles unmolested by fancy, modern twists?  Kyara has that, and more.  With it's genuine yakitori grill and simple preparations, their Japanese fare is my favorite in town thus far.  Not only are you transported to a small restaurant in Japan--and I'm not talking Tokyo, but some other well populated city with those restaurant alleys--but the flavors are spot on and bountiful.The moment you walk in you're greeted by happy servers and chefs.  A simple, clean bar to sit at is the main display, while smaller, private seating areas are available.  I opt for counters every single time.  Why?  Because I take joy in watching chefs prepare food.  From the hand-beaten pots to the fine knife work on vegetables and seafood, it's a show in of itself, and you get to eat it!I ordered almost everything, from tempura to beef tongue.  We of course order a few things off the small grill, as well as some udon, miso, and the like.  The grilled food is perfect, as you can get it either just salted or sauced.  Both are melt-in-your-mouth yummy, and hot off the grill.  The tempura is crispy, yet light, and what I love about this place is the chopped up radish topped with ginger that they serve with it.  I throw that mountain in to my tempura sauce and have at it.  Despite their yummy grilled foods, the one thing that blew my mind was their base broth for their udon noodles and the miso soup.  I don't know what type of dashi or bonito they use, but the first sip and slurp of the udon made my eyes close and my mouth drool with a wet, udon-y smile.  I was whisked back to the days on the beach eating udon in the early morning, or those after bar dinners at 3am.  Needless to say I tried to stop by the following night for another bowl or two of udon, but they close on Mondays.  Darnit.Fellow yelpers, foodies, and friends--you must stop in and have a bite here.  It's a great hidden gem in Vegas, and one that, in some ways, I wish we could keep secret. I don't want to share their yummy goodies with anyone else except all of you.  Quietly make your way down to S. Jones & 215.  I'll be the fat chick in the corner slurping on udon, eating some meat on a stick, and chopstick-ing some sashimi.Gochisosama!
3	Expectations can be a blessing, or a curse. Sometimes it helps to whet the appetite and build excitement before an epic experience. Other times it can drain the flavor of the moment as reality falls short of an unreasonable ideal.For Kyara, I had started with Yelp (of course) and noted the many wonderful reviews and recommendations. I saw that this was frequently visited by the Yelp Elite and they had collectively given it high marks. This evening fell short of that mark.The atmosphere was wonderful. Clean and efficiently appointed with special extras like the small bamboo spice containers on the table. Service was also quite good. Attentive, but not invasive, willing to make suggestions and help guide our choices.But ultimately, it simply must come down to the food, the singular reason for spending your hard earned money to have someone else prepare your meal. We had three experienced diners on a journey through the menu. We tried several items and found some stand-out selections that delighted our senses. But alas, we also had several items that fell short of gastronomic bliss.Some of the stand out dishes included the Kaisen Chawanmushi (seafood custard) which was creamy and beautifully infused with shrimp flavor, and the Yuzu Chili Salmon with equal balance of acidity, spice and lovely salmon flavor. The dishes that had challenges included the Kawa (chicken skin) and Butabara (tongue) which both lacked flavor and left me wanting.The overall experience to price ratio was decent, with several dishes and hearty man sized appetites we spent about $70 per person. I could try it again, but I would be selective on the dishes I tried.
3	Took my sis here a few days ago.  I drive by this place to/from work every day and was hoping to try at lunch but only open for dinner.Cool lay out - similar to Raku but i think it's even better.Tried the  Chili Salmon, grilled squid, Albacore w/ Jalapeno, grilled pork belly, grilled mushroom, grilled asparagus w/ bacon and Chawanamushi... whew !The highlights - the salmon and the albacore but sis and i agreed they cut the fish too thin.  Average - The grilled items were over salted which is surprising since i love salt ! Pork belly - a little on the dry side - that's surprising.  Chawanamushi - the custard texture didn't agree with me - the seafood was good.the lows -  The grilled squid was terrible - my jaw was sore from all the chewing ! The service was great and the beer was cold !!
5	Walked in to this place and it looked very nice. The kitchen is nice and open and everything looks neat. I love a good vista of the cooking area because it makes the experience much more exciting. We sat at the bar I ordered a beer and then we started ordering food. What I remember was a couple of Rolls and a few Sashimi dishes and some Tempura to start. followed by a nice Hamachi Kama and a refillable bowl of rice (i love you for that alone Kyara). You can taste the quality in the ingredients and you can tell there was a lot of skill in the making of the dishes. So I stopped taking pictures and just started eating and ordering over and over and it seemed like a never ending stream of tender morsels of yummy stuff on sticks and small plates of food. I felt like the Chihiro's parents eating at the food stand in Hayao Miyazaki's "Spirited Away". It all ended with some nice Green Tea Ice Cream and a stellar Tofu Mousse.The food and the service were great. I had a wonderful experience at Kyara.
4	Such a nice restaurant with friendly staff.  We sat at the bar and it was fun to oversee the entire operation.  The sasami with wasabi was awesome as were the pork and chicken skewers.  The complementary appetizer at the beginning was a nice touch.We ordered too much and didn't save room for dessert.  But next time! I love the late night hours.
5	Absolutely loved it... had about 10 dishes between the two of us, and we were thrilled... server was darling - So - professional, courteous, helpful and charming.  $85 for 2 including a generous tip....for a Friday night dinner with a dear friend, it was a great value.  Can't recommend it enough.  We sat at a table not the counter, but were able to catch up and visit - and I loved that.  Located just north of the 215 @ Jones in the Gold Gaming office area, it was the perfect location for a girl from GVR and her friend from Summerlin to have dinner.  Definitely will return...
4	The place is a nice execution of the small plates concept that has been popping up around town.  It is like Ichiza with better decor.  I like sitting at the bar so I can watch the chefs work their magic.  I liked the place so much that I am going to host a meetup there.  The clams that I had were simmering in a flavorful broth.  The staff was attentive to my requests.  Overall - good job.
4	If it wasn't for a friends private function not sure I would of ever ventured in. Drool. They served grilled pork belly and those who know me, know I load up on it at another establishment. I can get used to the small plate concept. Watching the chefs work was magic. I was adventurous and tried the squid it was damn delicious. Bring your wallet and I shall be back.
5	I loved this place. I've never been to Ichiza or anything similar so I have no comparison.We had great service, staff was awesome. The decor and atmosphere is cool yet fun.We ate as many things on the menu we could fit in our bellies. I don't even remember what half the stuff was called, after picking some stuff we pretty much threw darts at the menu and ordered. We weren't disappointed in any of it.The Deep Fried Mountain Potato was a wonderful surprise, Japanese french fries!The Tuna Carpaccio was yummy, it melted in my mouth like butter.The Yuzu Chili Salmon was good, but not the star.The Albacore with Jalapeno was strange but good.Chicken Skewers and Chicken Garlic Ponzu was good for something "normal". As well as the Deep Fried Garlic Potatoes...delicious, anyone can eat at this place, don't be scared.Kaisen Chawanmushi was good, I've never had it before, my mind kept wanting it to be sweet.Mussels in a delicious tomato sauce, very tender...and I usually don't eat mussles.We got some kind of skewered Green Peppers, we thought they'd be hot, but they weren't. Tasty.A whole fried fish, not sure what kind, but we devoured it as ladylike as possible (not)...it was yummy.Some sort of grated potato dish with cheese in a skillet, very good, a little salty, but it reminded me of a potato pancake/bleenie/latkes.We tried to order the chicken skin, but they didn't have anymore (it was around 7 on a weekday). We also tried to get the Shark Cartilage but they said it was out of season:( Just another reason to keep going back!I think I got it all, can't wait to try some more!
5	This place is amazing!First and foremost, the decor is so cute and minimal, and the set up of the bar and seating is perfect!I went with a few friends/co-workers of mine, and I got to taste a bunch of goodness! One of the most memorable items was the "Koro Koro steak." The sauce, the tenderness of the meat, the grated radish/garlic on top, with the soybean sprouts to add some texture! PERFECT, in my opinion.The next favorite was the "Jidori Tori Kara" tender & juicy local chicken with a wonderful garlic ponzu sauce! I loved the citrus-y taste it had and the chicken, you could just tell was of high quality.We also had the "Maguro Carpaccio" and a few of the skewers. EVERYTHING was good. Also, we finished with the chocolate fondue dessert, awesome with the ice cream. Between the 4 of us the bill was under $50, which is definitely affordable!I really wanted to try the deep friend mochi, and the agedashi eggplant, but they ran out of eggplant, and my party wasn't as interested in the mochi dish. -sigh- there's always next time!I will return, and I'm sure I will probably outspend my first visit since I was being polite and not being the pig I usually am! I can't wait.PS they are open late! even better!
4	Unlike most reviewers here, we ended up going their for lunch. From the sign it seemed like they had recently opened up for their lunch hour. The lunch menu is simple and works more like combos. I ordered their Sashimi Lunch Combo and the fish was fresh and delicious. I'm a big fan of red tuna. Being from Vancouver I've eaten a lot of Sashimi and the quality is just the same. I enjoyed their tempura, it was light, crispy, but didn't feel too oily. And usually this is why I'm not a big fan of Tempura. But I would definitely eat it again from Kyara. If i'm in Vegas again, I'll definitely try to come back here for the Tapas. People keep raving about it.
5	Kyara is better than IchizaJust sayin'
5	**Summary**       - Flavor - Everything we had was either good or great. It was definitely a treat for the taste buds.       - Authentic - From the decor to the staff to the food, this is truly an authentic Japanese Izakaya place.       - Skewers - The sauce they use for the skewers is phenomenal. If you sit at the bar you can see them watch over the skewers the whole time. They take care to cook them perfectly.       - Value - You'll probably pay more here than getting a bento box elsewhere, but the portion size and flavor is well worth the price.       - Ichiza - I finally found a place closer to my house that's like Ichiza but better. Now, if only they had honey toast, I'd never have to go to Ichiza again.**Appetizers**       - $7.50 Yuzu Chili Salmon Salad - Five pieces of slightly seared salmon with arugula on the side. Salmon was fresh, texture was great, and the sauce gave it a little kick. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/82YGtjc5KKikNiqBZ33qzw?select=IoNSnP5EADvdByH5lc0Okg).       - $3.50 Garlic Potato - An interesting dish. Simple and good (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/82YGtjc5KKikNiqBZ33qzw?select=5SVXlhiZh5wVmGDmIkbIQw).       - $3.80 Ikageso - Fried squid legs. If you like squid, it's pretty good. If you're expecting calamari, you might be disappointed.       - $5.50 Gyutan - 6 thin slices of beef tongue. It's ok, but a little pricy for the amount you get (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/82YGtjc5KKikNiqBZ33qzw?select=KTEPF6K1bZ2ettteQdBPug).**Skewers**       - $1.90 Shoniku - Chicken thigh & leg skewer. The sauce they use for this was awesome. A must try (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/82YGtjc5KKikNiqBZ33qzw?select=NEgW0jgTSRdEKcLsyZaiaw).       - $1.90 Negi Ma - Chicken with onion skewer. I preferred the shoniku (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/82YGtjc5KKikNiqBZ33qzw?select=XEcS2FIyQQh0N-oZ0iJQbw).       - $2.20 Butabara - Pork belly. It has just the right amount of pork to fat ratio.       - $1.90 Sunagimo - Chicken Gizzard skewer. The gf said this was good. I don't really like gizzards.**Mini Meals**       - $5.00 Tori Meshi - Seasoned ground chicken on rice. Wasn't enough chicken. Nothing special.       - $6.50 Maguro Zuke Don - Marinated tuna and rice. The marinade on the pieces of tuna sashimi was fantastic. You get about 7 pieces. They give you too much rice though.       - $3.50 Mini Udon - A pretty decent sized portion for the price. The udon broth is better than most places (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/82YGtjc5KKikNiqBZ33qzw?select=RMx6mzBzs9eaE6ljMWJEPQ).       - $9.50 Koro Steak - A hefty portion of bite sized steak (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/82YGtjc5KKikNiqBZ33qzw?select=2y854wHXS3PICcqGLHVOcA).**Misc**       - $5.00 Chawan Mushi - Steamed egg custard (with shrimp, scallops, squid, and clams). It's pretty hard to find in Vegas. The only other place in Vegas I've seen it is at Ichiza. The one they serve here is better and they put a lot more seafood in it (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/82YGtjc5KKikNiqBZ33qzw?select=WEMCUr8IfnhZjTl91hYI-Q).       - $6.50 Yamaimo Teppan - I expected deep fried potatoes and got potato paste. Needless to say, it wasn't good and pretty salty.       - $6.50 Chocolate Fondant - Chocolate Souffle with a size of ice cream. Takes 15 minutes to make and is well worth it (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/82YGtjc5KKikNiqBZ33qzw?select=nmJILyCSEzADl7xQzVmmEA).**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place for anyone looking to treat themselves to some delicious non-sushi Japanese.
5	I still love Kyara...Here are some more to add to my list: 1. Tofu Mousse Dessert - It sounds weird but just think vanilla flavor, slightly sweet and smooth thick cream like yogurt. I eat this and I think it's not dessert, it's protein!2. Just found out tonight they have $1 Robata Thursday. I will try soon, but I can probably get full with $6-7 worth of robata. That's an awesome deal and I hope they keep it going. 3. They are now open 7 days a week and serve lunch. Did I mention I don't live far so with this change, I can have my Kyara fix day or night any day! 4. Eggplant with Miso Meat Sauce - It's a terrific combination of vege and meat. It's under the fried category but it doesn't look or taste like it. 5. Ika Butter or Maru(grilled) both options are relatively generous portions for the price. As a tapas restaurant they have extremely reasonable prices.6. Tsukune with sauce is my favorite skewer. It reminds me of dumping meat grilled instead of in a wrapper and boiled/steamed.7. I would like to reiterate the staff and chefs are always super polite, nice and courteous.
4	Good food, great service.  Didn't have a bad dish.  $70 for two with a few beers each...which was reasonable for the quality and service.
4	"Kokyaku Wa Yameru No Ka!"This is the enthusiastic phrase that will deafen you as you exit Kyara after your meal... Now... I asked myself why the Wait-Staff would shout to high-heaven an utterance such as this... Didn't I leave an adequate tip? Did they notice some of the Chopsticks and / or Napkins missing? (Oops. My Bad!). Or, is it just a form of embarrassment?Translated to the English - "Customer is Leaving!".... Just be prepared for it when you leave. What is the appropriate response? "Sayonara!"? ... as you walk to your car?On the menu...Chu-Hi ($4.80 x 2)Copper Ridge Chardonnay ($4.50)Orion Beer ($6.90) Mango Chu-Hi (**** $4.80) A Fruity, Mango, Chu-Hi Sake Cocktail. Too much of a Soft-Drink for my tastes... need to be reminded it's alcoholic please...Gyu Shabu Salad (***** $6.50) Thinly sliced, broiled Beef in a bowl-full of Spinach and other Greens in a creamy, white Sauce.Miso Soup ($2.00)Butabara Reisei ($4.50) Pork Belly in Ramen.Cheese Tempura with Fig Jam ($6.50)Hotate Capa ($6.50) Japanese Scallops.Hirama Oba Age ($7.00) Breaded deep fried. Shiso, and Havarti Cheese wrapped with Halibut Butabara (***** $2.20 x 2) Cold Pork Belly (cooked) on a Stick. Fantastic! Daughter-in-Law refused to touch it...Sunagimo (Chicken Gizzards) (**** 1/2 $1.90 x2) Gizzards on a Stick! Gizzards that are better than you'd get from a Whole Chicken that I'd get at the Super-Market!Japanese Sticky Rice (**** 1/2 $2.50) A little pricey... At the end of the meal, we found out re-fills are FREE! Wish Kyara would have told us this at the beginning of the meal!!! Only got one-refill...Koro Koro Steak (***** $9.50) A grilled & cubed Sansho Rib-Eye Steak with Japanese Peppers & Red Chili Peppers, and cooked in spicy Sesame Soy Sauce.Hokke Shio Yaki (** 1/2 $6.50) Grilled Atka Fish... over-grilled. Sorry Kyara... you just can't grill it this long without losing tenderness....Chicken Garlic Ponzu ($5.80) Stir fried chicken with Garlic Ponzu.Aburi Gyu (** $4.50) Seared Mackerel. Over-Baked. Tenderness totally lacking.Niku Tofu ($5.50) Tofu with Beef Stew.Atmosphere (*** 1/2) Kyara characterizes itself as a Izakaya (ala Ichiza)... don't think so. When you walk in, the first thing you notice is the starkness of the establishment... brand new Stainless Steel behind the bar area; to the right are the semi-private dining areas separated by some thin strips of Pine with the most uncomfortable seats... er, stools,  I've sat on - you have to sit with a stiff back constantly during your meal. There is Wood Bench Seating against the wall but it does not look at all comfortable - still you have to have a good, stiff back. Austere would describe this restaurant nicely....A hint of the formality the Kyara tries to present is when you're seated at the dining tables... Black Chopsticks placed in front of you horizontally sitting on porcelain Chopstick Rests. Haven't seen this Japanes-y-like presentation in quite a while.My youngest noticed the Japanese group of four seated right next to us in the dining area... the group consisted of a young couple and two elderly gentlemen. My son told us afterwards that the young man during the whole time, seemingly, was re-inforcing his social authority to the subservient male waiter. I don't think that group would be able to do that at Ichiza...Our group, with my youngest son, daughter-in-law, and daughter decided to forego Dessert... as my son wanted to prepare a Black-Cherry Root Beer Float at home, which, BTW, turned out more than satisfying.In summary, Grilled Tapas turned out over-grilled more often than not, but overall... a very satisfying experience despite the stuffy atmosphere. To compare Kyara with Ichiza is really unfair, though... because each establishment is trying to attract different type of customers; but Ichiza fulfills the definition of what a Izakaya establishment is supposed to be...Informal and, most of all, Casual.
4	Food was very good...however, my only concern was with the chef's speed at preparing dishes.  We showed up at 12AM, ordered 24 dishes amongst the 4 of us, and we didn't leave until 230AM.  It took far too long to get served certain dishes, and it was not because they were busy...we we're only one of two tables.But nonetheless, the food was fantastic. Nothing really disappointed at all.
5	love this place....you know its a real Japanese place when actual Japanese perple eat there....lol all I have to say is they have amazing food and good service!
4	3 1/2 stars.  I'm teetering between 3 and 4 stars.  The restaurant is super cute.  The decor is neat and you'll feel like you are on a dining adventure sitting in the nifty closed off tables.  I really like the list of specials.  I love knowing that if I went back, I could dine on essentially a whole new menu.  They had lots of items on special that seem to change daily.  There were hits and misses.  The good news with eating this way is if you don't love a dish, it is only a few bites to choke down....The standouts were a tempura cheese trio with fig jam, and a grilled steak and onion sizzling platter (koro koro steak.)I quite enjoyed my cocktail - a mango soju soda.  Sweet and tasty.The rest of the food we ordered was OK - and we ordered our fair share of items.  It's definitely worth the trip for the experience of a fun exotic foodie adventure in a cute place.  In my opinion, the food left a bit to be desired and I don't see myself running back for any one dish.  I am happy we went though! No regrets.  Much like other "tapas" style places.  The bill reflects your gusto.  It is easy to get carried away and get smacked with a total over $50 a person.  I advise that your order slowly to minimize the sticker shock.  We exercised pretty serious restraint so we only ended up paying $130 for the 4 of us.
3	Kyara was decent, but definitely didn't live up to the hype. I can't stand Ichiza so it is nice to know there's another good alternative when Raku is full. Food was nothing special, the things I can remember having are the garlic potatoes, grilled squid, yuzu chili salmon, soft shell crab, enoki mushrooms w/ bacon, chicken skin, pork belly skewers, chicken skewers, some beef bowl, and some sashimi. The only things that stood out were the yuzu chili salmon and pork belly - everything else was pretty forgettable. Their lychee chu cocktail of lychee syrup, shochu and soda was really good and under $5. Perfect light summer cocktail.  Food came out at a really odd pace, skewers took 15-20 min even though kitchen seemed adequately staffed and the place wasn't full. Just an overall mediocre experience for $30/person. I may come back for lunch, but I'll stick to Raku for this type of food. Similar pricing but Raku does the same thing so much better.  I'd also recommend getting the skewers with salt, not sauce - get some on the side if anything so it's not drowned in teri sauce.
5	Great little place in the style of Japanese izakaya. Try all the different kinds of food on sticks (kushi), especially butabara and teba for an authentic experience. Staff is very nice and attentive. Also, the tofu mousse dessert is not to be missed!
4	I was not very impressed with Naked Fish, their sister restaurant, but I had to try this place and I was not disappointed.  It has a very authentic appearing, simple yet sophisticated clean Japanese decor.  I felt that the menu was somewhat small online, but they had a pretty large "today's special" menu from which I ordered a few things.  It seemed that all of the servers and Chefs were Japanese, which is a big plus.This is a typical Izakaya food, which is Japanese bar food.  I supposed that they called in Japanese "tapas" because "bar food" just doesn't sound good, but I feel that it is an accurate description as "izakaya" is not a very well understood term.  They do have a good selection of yakitori menu as well.  I think butabara (pork belly) and kawa (chicken skin) were the best among them.  Chicken karaage was also very good as well as daikon salad and salmon/ikura donburi.  I didn't have any sushi as I feel that sushi is not really in izakaya territory.  I feel that I need to go there a few times and try a few other things, but this is a very good addition to the Vegas food scene.  Of other Izakayas in town (Raku, Shuseki, Ichiza), I'd say this place has the best decor and atmosphere, and middle of the road in price/value, and the food is somewhere between ichiza and Raku.  If you like above named restaurants, you would really like this place.
4	Pleasantly surprised by this place...when they first opened I believe someone described their food as variations of teriyaki covered meats/dishes...they could not be more wrong!  I went here for dinner and was impressed by the decor, sophisticated but cozy at the same time.  We sat at the bar and were able to watch as all the food was prepared and attention to detail was definitely taken.  As the sashimi was cut, it was placed on a bed of ice to insure that it stayed cool....quite impressive.  Other dishes that really stood out were the spicy tuna dip with rice crackers.  The spicy tuna had a hint of sweetness since it was blended with fish roe...probably my favorite dish out of the bunch we tried. Even after we ran out of rice crackers...it tasted delicious over rice. The chicken karaage had a nice crisp exterior with tender and moist meat inside.  The pork belly skewers (with sauce) were good, but not the melt in the mouth tender that I generally prefer.  We tried the fried tofu with spicy pork, while tasty i was hoping the tofu would be more crisp.  And the only dish i would avoid is the grilled fish...it lacked in flavor and I thought it would have benefited from a dipping sauce perhaps.  But overall big thumbs up for service and ambiance!  This is much more relaxed and cozy compared to Ichiza which can be crowded and a little hectic at times.  However, the selection is more limited than Ichiza.
5	I think Kyara might be my new favorite place! I didn't know what to expect as a lot of my friends had mixed reviews, but I am so glad I came and tried it out! I had made reservations for 4 of us and we were seated right away!My favorites of the meal:1. Niku Tofu (This is so delicious with rice and I could probably eat this all day, for person like me who doesn't like tofu (surprising right?) this was my favorite)2. Asparagus wrapped in bacon (flavor was awesome and aspargus was crispy but easy to eat)3. Ika Butter (Yummy squid!)4. Mini Udon (this mini was a pretty good portion size and I love that the udon wasn't "thick")5. Koro Koro Steak (tender steak, but lots of garlic if you don't like garlic don't get it!)5. Both the Chocolate Fondant and Maccha Mousse were delish! I ordered the Maccha Mousse and the green tea sauce was fabulous. The chocolate fondant would have been to rich for me after the 3rd bite, but it's pretty good if you love lava cakes!I tried a couple of other skewers, pork belly, mushrooms, etc.  I wasn't too impressed with the pork belly, but I had gotten it salted without the sauce. I wasn't in the mood for the proteins! The onigri had too much rice, but I think overall I got to try a bunch of dishes that I loved (Go Niku Tofu!)! Service was attentive enough! Cute place, but I didn't care for the stools that we were sitting in, no back support. Nevertheless I will be back sooner than later!
4	Cute little Japanese place! We came during lunch, so it was a bit quiet. This place is located quite a ways off the strip, so perhaps that is why.My friend and I both ordered their chicken katsu curry, which was quite delicious. Their curry was very flavorful and you could actually taste the beef in it. I also like that they kept the slices of vegetable as wholes and didn't mince it like some other places do. Their curry also has beef in it, something we weren't expecting since we ordered chicken katsu! But it was so delicious nonetheless. Katsy was crispy and juicy, definitely not rubbery like a lot of places.We didn't try the tapas but came for only a modest lunch, and it was quite delicious!4 stars for now, just because we only tried one thing off the menu. When I come again, I'm sure it'll be 5!
5	I just got back from trying this Japanese Tapas place.  It was excellent. I tried several skewer items, like the chicken skin, pork belly, ebi shrimp grilled, chicken gizzard, and chicken with onions. All delicious. I even had the buttter squid, and whole grilled squid. both were really excellent.  For dessert I tried the tofu mousse topped with strawberry sorbet, it was very good.  So if you haven't been here yet, you must really go. The place is a typical small spaced Japanese style restaurant, but has a comforting atmosphere. The prices range is from mid to upper range.  Even for the prices, you would still walk out satisfied.  But if you're a real hard core cheapo, this place is not for you.  This place is not a Jack in the Box or Taco Bell price range.  You gotta pay to play.... I payed and played and it was a very delicious experience.
5	We had a great time at this delightful Japanese shoebox. Had reservations, got right in, reservations were at the bar. That being said, this is not a large place. This is not even a medium sized place. They have a few tiny table seating areas off of a main bar/kitchen area. It's all very nice. They yell something in Japanese(?) when you walk in and leave.Our waiter was courteous and had good recommendations. We had two different "Shochu" drinks, I expect these are similar to the "Soju" beverages we had at Soyo that were so delectable.The food was fresh and interesting. The veggie spring rolls were superb, The tempura was delightful and crisp, Garlic potatoes were excellent and I had a beefy sprouty dish that was spectacular. This is the first time I've had Japanese that wasn't Sushi (or burgers at Bachi), so please forgive my being unable to explain what it was, just know it was all very good.My wife and I really enjoyed being that close to the kitchen (1.5 feet overlooking) and got to see the care of how everything was made. We had food, drinks, alcoholic and non, and five Tapas for less than fifty bucks. I was impressed.
4	Despite the proximity to my house, this was my first visit to Kyara. It definitely took way too long. Finally after mentioning I wanted to try the place every time I drove past this place with my fella, he decided to surprise me with a visit here for Valentine's dinner last night. We arrived around 8pm and were seated very quickly. Glad my fella made a reservation, as they had our table ready and waiting for us when we arrived at the busy restaurant. The server was quick to approach us for our drink orders and was extremely attentive and diligent throughout the meal. I have to give extra kudos for the impeccable service at Kyara. We were never left wanting for anything. Our drinks were always full, our stream of food arrived promptly and well spaced out and all the servers were incredibly friendly and helpful with recommendations.We ordered a large variety of options to get a sampling of as many things as we could. My favorites for the evening were the jalapeno salmon, garlic potatoes (despite burning the entire inside of my mouth), bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms, tempura cheese with fig jam and the yuzu dessert, which was amazing. Everything else was pretty good as well, but it's hard not to compare the place to my other two favorite izakaya restaurants in town Raku and Ichiza. I loved a lot of the dishes, but the skewers and other cooked food didn't blow me away as much as Raku or Ichiza, unfortunately. Don't get me wrong, the food was definitely solid and I will definitely be back to try a smattering of other options. I just wish the char on many of the grilled and skewered meats was a little more present. The sasami with wasabi was overly dry and flavorless, so I don't think I'd order that again.  The fish, starch and dessert selections were amazing though. Very tasty indeed.The fantastic service was topped off by the presentation of chocolates and a pink rose to commemorate the Valentine's holiday. Very nice touch.I have heard very good things about their lunch offerings and look forward to hopefully trying the place out for lunch some time soon. Definitely a great option in my neighborhood. So glad they have a place close to home to satiate my cravings. I'll be back.
4	Beautiful and tranquil ambiance with good food.On a Sunday evening I came in for dinner with a friend.  My friend, who is Asian, made this statement:  "You know this place is good, look at all the Asians eating here."  While said in jest, she turned out to be spot on, because most everything we ate was delicious. The decor is peaceful and clean in a minimalist fashion without being silly, featuring muted tones of bamboo, lots of straight lines, and an airy layout.  Since this is a tapas-style restaurant, it's best to order a whole bunch of stuff, and share like you're in Kindergarten.....and you're not selfish with the blocks and firetruck.  Here are some highlights of our meal:Yellowtail w/ jalapeno and ponzu - This preparation is very common at Japanese restaurants lately, but that doesn't mean it isn't wonderful.  They finish the yellowtail sashimi off with a cilantro leaf, dash of Sriraucha, paper-thin jalapeno, and citrusy ponzu sauce.  Mmm-mmm good!Spicy Tuna w/ rice crackers - The Crackers are really more like Japanese rice cakes, the healthy crunchy kind.  I thought the spicy tuna was light and tasty, but the rice cracker was too big and took away from the fish.  Still a good dish. Agedashi - A perfectly flash-fried tofu in light soy broth w/ shredded daikon radish and other yummy accouterments.  Really, really good.  Chicken/Pork sausage skewer - This had a name although it escapes me.  It should be called stick-0-delish, because it was smoky, crispy, and wonderful.  Everything was spot on, from the food to the service.  I will definitely come back to get my dinner on soon.  ***Side note:  Apparently they have mouth wash in the girls bathroom.......so there's that.
4	Fun place to try new things and small bites  good for hanging out with friends. Atmosphere is cozy. Will be returning =]
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place!! I only go to Kyara at night because of their tapas. I haven't been there for lunch yet so I'm not sure if lunch is just as good as their dinner. First timers you should definitely get the egg custard w/ seafood, the yuzu chili salmon salad, magaru carupaccio, ika butter, kyara poppers, and the niku tofu. You won't be disappointed! Oh and for dessert the chocolate fondant is delicious!  The staff is so nice and their service is great! =]
5	Wow, what a great Japanese Restaurant.  I think Raku and Kyara have separated themselves as the two best Japanese Restaurants outside of the strip.  Many dishes are very traditional, but they have a creative flare to some of their modern dishes.  The pork belly, gobo nabe special was out of this world good.  We always love the spicy tuna w/rice crackers.  Don't go into Kyara expecting sushi, this is not a sushi bar.  They might have sushi or sashimi as a daily special.  ***Definitely hit them up for lunch.  Best meal under $10 in town.  (I had the grilled saba w/salad, miso soup, rice, and shrimp & mixed veg tempura.)
4	So one of the first things that you see when you walk in here is the bar overlooking the kitchen where they do all the cooking.  I personally enjoy watching my food being cooked so my friend and I opted to sit there.  The menu is pretty simple, but I think that is a plus as they did everything well.  The prices were not bad either, but they can add up depending on how much you order.  I was pleasantly surprised with their chawanmushi, it was really flavorful, and more importantly wasn't overdone, it still jiggled just a wee bit.  It also had plenty of seafood in it which was very tasty.  Their fried chicken was also really really good, it was probably my favorite dish that we had that night.  Overall, food was tasty and promptly served, service was good, and getting there is easy.
5	Based on their lunch menu and extremely good prices...I'm bumping this place up to 5 stars.  The lunch combos all run under $10 and come with rice, miso soup, salad, tempura (shrimp/vegetable), and an entree.  My favorite is their spicy tuna bowl...but honestly everything tastes good here.  Learned a little something that this is a sister restaurant to Naked Fish.
5	Great for lunch, quick service and reasonable prices.
4	Great FOOD!!! I loved it!!!!So we went there, they were doing a special today where all the kushi-s were just $1. OMG, these shrimp kushi were HUGE and just for a $1, no complain here.  We also order some albacore sashimi and hirami carpaicco;  great quality and taste. We order jalepeno popper; didnt like it, nothing was wrong with it, it was just a weird type of food. Chuwanmushi was great, excellent flavor and good portion of seafood. We had the motsuni, again, great taste and flavor. Now the dessert. we ordered the green tea waffle and affogato green tea. the affogato was the best. I would recommend that than the waffle. THe only bad part of this experience was that they charged us double for some of our items.
5	I finally got to try their lunch menu.  They have several bowls (Don) for $5.99 (I think) and combination plate options ($8.99) that come with tempura, rice, salad, miso soup, and the main dish. I was in the mood for some fish so I had spicy tuna Don combo, and I was impressed with the quality of this combo set. Salad with separate Japanese style dressing was excellent, miso soup was properly done, spicy tuna bowl and excellent, and I was especially happy with the quality of tempura, where many pseudo japanese restaurants tend to butcher.  At $8.99 for this quality combo, I'm definitely coming back to try a few different variations.
4	this place is ridiculous good!went on friday night and was surprised that it wasn't more crowded, we didn't have to wait to get a table.  the atmosphere is chill with an open kitchen.  we ordered several things to try, my favorites being the grilled asparagus and yellowtail with jalapenos.  unfortunately we weren't able to try the koro koro steak that is so pumped up cause it was sold out.  oh well, next time.  also got the beef tongue which was good but definitely not as good as blue ribbon's which is the only other time i've had it so it was my only comparison (blue ribbon's btw made me want to push a babys soft spot in).the service was good and the bill was very reasonable, just over $100 for food and booze.    i highly recommend this place, i will absolutely be going back.
5	I've been this place twice for dinner and it never never let me down! Yakitori here tasted so much better than Ichiza and En Sushi period!! I really enjoyed asparagus wrapped with bacon, shishito peppers, gizzards, beef tongues, and tofu mousse as desert. They just tasted like the authentic way they should be done. And if you like plum wine, must try Kokuto Ume Shu!!!!!!!!! It's a blend of Japanese plum with brown sugar on ice rock. I was so in love with this plum wine after I had the first taste of it. Mmmmmm.. After my second visit, I still want to give it 2 thumbs up. It's so worth to drive 30 mins to here from the other side of town.
4	Hmmmmm hmmmmm maguro carpaccio so good! If you ever come out to Vegas this is the place to go. Warm and cozy place to eat even if it is away from the strip.
5	So so good.  Been to several similar places in town and I feel like the quality here is really top notch.  The agi mochi was amazing.  Their yakitori is some of the best I have ever had.  Definitely will come back here.  Want to try the lunch!
5	When I think of eating in Las Vegas, I think of the gluttonous buffet. And while fun, I can honestly say that I would rather eat at Olive Garden. Needless to say, my visits to Vegas do not typically have memorable meals attached to them.Tonight, I decided to follow Yelpers advice and try Kyara and I couldn't have been more pleased with my experience. The service and atmosphere are quite good, but the reason to go there is for the tapas - all of them gently prepared and REALLY good.I first had an assortment of Kushiyaki (skewered veggies and meats) - they were perfectly cooked and flavorful (without sauces to mask their individuality). My favorite were the mushrooms (and I am not a huge shroom fan) and of course the shishito peppers (I could eat 100 of those).I also highly recommend the spicy tuna dip. This is basically a really large scoop of very delicious spicy tuna served with fresh rice cakes. You pile the tuna on the cake and enjoy - perfect contrast between textures and temperature.While they have a good menu of sake and spirits, I did not drink tonight. My total bill was under $30.Kyara is worth the visit!
5	I was skeptical at first, I've been to Raku, was thinking this could be disappointing but I was wrong for sure.  Had a great meal had to sashimi dishes that were very good.  Also the agedashi tofu, tomato skewers and pork cheek skewers were exceptional.  We ordered alcohol but just our food with tip would have been about $45 each which I think is a steal.
3	This is a small, contemporary designed restaurant with the same ownership as the Naked Fish.  We started off with the day's sunomono (vinegared vegetables including seaweed, 3 Forks), shoniku (chicken skewer, 3 Forks), tsukune (ground chicken and pork skewer, 3.5 Forks) and rice.  Our next order was Asari saka mushi (a very small portion of very small clams in sake, 1 Fork), Age dashi tofu (deep fried tofu with special sauce, 3 Forks) and Agedashi Nasu (deep fried eggplant with special sauce, 4 Forks).  The last order was yuzu fromage mousse (a homemade citrus mousse, 3.5 Spoons).  Portion size for each was small so I imagine those with large appetites could run up a sizeable bill.
5	Oooo---ha--you gooooooooo-zaimasu! Thanks for being so wonderful! This is my favorite izakaya. Kyara is baby-friendly. That's important to know because not many restaurants are baby-friendly. The booths are spacious and rooms are divided so Max (my baby) can't bother that many people. I especially like checking off the items I want a-la San Francisco Dim Sum style. I tend to over order because of my appetite so it helps to see things written down and realize all that food can't fit into this body. The stars of the night are the two sashimi dishes in the appetizers section and the teriyaki sauce. I can pour that sauce on anything and it'd elevate the dish to the next level. Similar to a well-aged balsamic vinegar. So make sure you order the meat skewers with sauce and vegetable salted with sauce on the side.  Great food, great service great ambiance. WIN WIN WIN!
3	This place was ok for lunch. Meat portion was very small. I am still looking for that OMG good asian food in town. The food was delicious dont get me wrong but did not fill me or my family up.. Maybe dinner is better.
5	First off, how customer service is so friendly, I love that.  Vegas needs more of that.  I sat at the bar, and I ordered 4 items from kushi (chicken with onion, a wing, enoki wrapped with bacon, and the best the tsukune (chicken w/ pork).  I ordered without sauce, just salt, but I have heard the sauces are great as well with the skewers.From the specials I got a spinach salad with beef.  I could totally go for that right now.  Beef was very tender.And finally I had a mini bowl of udon soup.  Perfect size for someone who wants to eat other things with the soup as opposed to ordering a big bowl.The prices stand out here, they are not high.  Definitely cheaper than the other places in Vegas.  It's a great spot to introduce many different tastes to the palate.  Domo arigato!!
5	It took a few visits, but once Kyara grew on me, it's become a favorite!  Every time I eat here I try something new that I really enjoy.  Which is more than I can say about that other place that starts with an "I."  In-N-Out?  Island Style?  Anyways.  Point is, it's rare to visit a place multiple times and discover a great dish during each visit.  So what are the hits at Kyara?Curry rice with Chicken Katsu (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/82YGtjc5KKikNiqBZ33qzw?select=87dospmcjfGzayBR-YnztQ): This is one of the lunch specials, and makes me wish I worked nearby!  The curry has a great balance of heat and flavor, while the katsu is lightly breaded and not burnt at all.  Highly recommended if you're in the area.Garlic Chicken Ponzu (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/82YGtjc5KKikNiqBZ33qzw?select=80gTRDZO6f20tLoWDYQY7w): At $5.80, this is a great portion for a tapas place if you ask me.  Garlic is delicious, ponzu is delicious, put them together and it's double delicious.Aburi Shime Saba: Seared Mackerel with yuzu ponzu sauce.  Mmm mmm good!  You get a good serving of mackerel with this dish.  It's also very lightly seared.  Like maybe the chef prepared the dish within view of a flame; that lightly seared.Tsukune: Ground Chicken and pork skewer.  Tasty and freshly prepared.  A bit crisp on the outside with a hot and juicy interior.  Service here has been consistently good, along with food quality.  If you're headed to Kyara, be sure to invite me along!
5	Yum yum! Gotta get that fried soft shell crab and ice cream with green tea syrup! We tried 25 different Japanese tapas, nice presentation and nice favors. Great menu always something new and exciting
5	Another hidden gem of Las Vegas!  A perfect reason as to why you should rent a car and explore the delicious foods off of the Vegas Strip.While Kyara may not be as easily accessible (a little hard to find) or celebrated as other izakaya places in Vegas, it is easily one of my top places to eat in Vegas, finishing BARELY behind Raku.  Kyara is an experience that you must try.So on to the story.  I visited Las Vegas in March 2012 to play in an ice hockey tournament with my team/friends.  For some reason, I am the designated food person so after some calling around (it being almost 11pm by the time we had finished a game, showered and gotten ready), we decided on Kyara because, a) it was on my list of place to try, b) it was open late, and c) it could accommodate our large group of 15+.  Once at the restaurant, I had some skeptics, but once we ordered the food and ate in silence for the first 10 or so mins, the "ooohhs" and "aaahhs" and "oh-my-effin-g that's good" started blurting out. Highlights of the menu that received extra orgasmic sounds of appreciation:Maguro CarupaccioHamachi Jalapeno (must order!)Age dashi MochiKaisen Chawanmushi (extra drool factor)Pork KimcheeKoro Koro SteakButabara SkewerGyutan Skewer (beef tongue is really good, you need to try it once)Enoki Bacon (extra drool factor)So as you can tell, that is a crap load of food so I highly recommend to bring a group (at least four) and an appetite.  Another Vegas exploration success!
5	I don't know how many times I've passed by this, probably over a hundred times and I never knew it was there until yelp said it was near my house!This place is delish, I prefer the dinner menu over lunch. You must try the skewered pork belly with sauce! Oh and the albacore and tuna if your into sashimi. Very fresh! And very affordable! Will be back and introduce to all my friends:)
4	I would give them 5 star solid, but they didn't refill our water til the end of our meal which is like 30 minutes after we got there. and they forgot our KORO KORO STEAK which was a real bummer cause it was not simmering at all when we got in on the table. other than that, oh my ~ the food was freaking bomb. i mean not trying to talk all bad about FIREFLY restaurant or anything. but KYARA was like ten times freaking much better ! its a must go since i had like the best FOODGASM (; heheh. a must try : enoki pork, mackerel sashimi, & vanilla ice cream with green tea sauce. that was my top 3. oh and i left out the bomb mushroom covered with bacon skewer.get this though . FIREFLY is probably like $$$ and KYARA compared to their prices is $ .. idk, me and my boyfriend got full by just spending $30 .. in food. definitely gonna recommend this place (: I am a totally satisfied customer (food wise) .. service wise. it was okay.
4	I really didn't think this place would live up to my favorite restaurant in town, Ichiza. I took my girl here for Valentine's Day and we had a great meal. We ordered a little bit of everything and each offering was better than the one before. The service was great too. Our waiter gave us excellent suggestions and aside from a few items that we didn't care for, everything was great.
5	Kyara is one of the more pleasant finds I've come across in Las Vegas. From the outside it's an unassuming location that happens to be right next door to a 24 hour smoothie shop. But step inside and once that door closes you feel like your in another world. Las Vegas just kinda fades away. I tried Kyara for lunch and was seated where I could see right into the kitchen. There were tables located in semi-hidden areas along the North wall and also a larger table in a small room along the East wall. Service was 5 star + from start to finish. I had questions, they answered everything I asked and even helped me with my chopstick technique or serious lack thereof. But this is a restaurant review and the food here shines. I had trouble deciding what to get so I ended up with a lunch combination plate. I ordered a spicy salmon bowl and it came with tempura, salad, miso soup and rice. While I enjoyed everything presented the tempura was a mixed experience with 2 pieces I was ho-hum with (still good though) and 3 pieces that just flat out wowed me. The sizes were smaller than expected but as this is a Japanese Tapas establishment I had adjusted my portion size expectations before coming in the door. The salmon bowl with a little bit of additional soy sauce was wonderful. The salad was very good, and the miso soup was excellent. When one looks at the quality, the presentation, the decor, the service, and how good everything tastes giving Kyara 5 stars right off the bat for a first visit is very easy. It is ultra rare for me to be smiling all the way through my lunch and be excited by everything on my plate but Kyara did that for me. When the only negative thing I could find was that they needed to take a duster to one of the air vents (and it wasn't that bad), I knew I had found something special. And the fact that you can sit and look right into the kitchen and see your food being prepared, it eliminates any doubts about quality of the food or the skills of the preparers.I will be back, and I will bring others. If you're reading Kyara's reviews and are debating on giving it a try, you need to get off the fence and go try it.
5	Normally when we are in Vegas Ichiza and Satoya are our go to Japanese food hang outs.Simply put Service was outstanding. Food was very high quality, and the staff was very nice
5	Definitely a hole in the wall!!!! I am so glad we stopped by and tried it even though they just opened. Seating is limited but it is very nice inside. The tapas are delicious and well-priced. A dinner for 2, we got full without eating any rice, is around $40-$50. Such a steal. We got the green tea soju drink and they made it stronger as we requested. I would recommend eating some dishes with rice because it did get a little salty by itself like the koro koro steak.
4	This restaurant was so convenient when you have jetlag guests! The yakitori, seaweed salad, and other tapas were yummy. The staff was friendly but empty plates were left untouched at times.
4	The food was good and is set-up to order a nice variety. Everything we had was delicious and the service was great.  Next visit we'll order a little more.
3	I was super excited to visit this place and maybe built it up to high.  I had a coupon in the mail and waited weeks to use it!  I was excited to find a yakitori bar in Vegas after watching hours of No Reservations and Bizarre Foods.  I'm surprised to see all of the 5 stars for this place so maybe I missed something, but I thought it was mediocre at best.We had a party of five and I was not overly impressed with any particular dish.  It was pretty pricey too, so the value really wasn't there.  We tried everything, and the bacon wrapped asparagus was the best thing (although it didn't compare to the ones I had at the night market in Taipei).  Bengal BBQ's bacon asparagus at Disneyland was even more memorable.The skewers, yuzu salmon, beef tongue, koro steak...all okay, but honestly nothing too memorable.  Service and atmosphere was excellent and they're open late, but it was just ok to me.
4	This is a nice little place off 215. I like the concept of small plate, because you can try everything and not really fill you up. I like this place and will come back many times again. Pork Belly was also amazing!!
4	I wouldn't say this is authentic japnanese, the waiters and the cooks werent japanese they were korean. But i still love the food. They had amazing tapas. the presentation and the ambiance was way cool too! If you wanted to entertain a guest and impress them in a down to earth athmosphere Kyara is the place to go! The only problem was as the place got busy the waiters started to pay less and less attention to your table, but not a big deal if your there just to relax and chat with your guest!
5	I happened to be in the area so I decided drop by. It was late and I wasn't that hungry but I'm always down for some foodie adventures. Based on the Yelp reviews, I ordered the garlic chicken ponzu and the kushi mori. The garlic chicken ponzu came out first and it seemed a little underseasoned. The chicken was good but not great. I don't think I'd order it again. The kushi mori comes with an assortment of different meats and veggies which I loved. My favorites were the chicken wing and pork belly. During cooking, the meats are based with a soy based sauce which I enjoyed thoroughly. The decor inside is casual but I wouldn't have a problem bringing a first date in here. I'm planning to return very soon and eat some more of their yummy pork belly kushis!
3	I went to this restaurant as it was recommended for its katsu. I went there the same day to find out that the katsu is only available on their lunch menu. My roommate and I stayed as we had already built our appetites. I had a beef and spinach salad. It was delicious, and it was the first time I had a dish that incorporated cold beef. The garlic potatoes were crisp and hot but could have had more flavor. For tapas, this is a nice place. I would recommend the skewers :) The negative aspects were that they expected reservations and the seating was cramped. Also, my roommate would have like to be warned that the shrimp would come with their heads and skins on. (they didn't offer a refund for that appetizer, even though we didn't touch it)
4	Kyara Japanese Tapas has some good grilled items. Everything from ambiance to service to food was satisfying. It is a fun and clean environment to be in while dining. I enjoyed the mini udon, the koro koro steak, the kushi mori, and the agedashi tofu. The tofu used for the agedashi tofu wasn't from anywhere special, but it was good. The koro koro steak was very tender. The kushi mori was okay. Mini udon was flavorful and the broth was pretty yummy. Service is ok. The server expects you to move things aside to make room for the next dish. Water is always filled. Sit at the counter and you'll be able to see their open kitchen and their workers at work, cooking your delicious meal. I would come back again if it were closer to me. If I'm in the area, I'll definitely be in.
4	Came for a UYE with some fellow yelpers thanks for hosting Anthony M. and Lisa R.I remember bookmarking Kyara a while back because of Anthony's ROTD and I wanted that curry katsu that he had a pic of but forgot to order it. Next time...tomorrow lunch LOL.I love places with those order slips that all you need to do is write the quantity of the item you want and just wait for what you get cause its like a surprise when the food comes out.What came first was my Maguro Carpaccio $7.50, yummy, I folded each piece so that there was crispy center with every bit. That with the sauce the maguro pieces came with very delicious. I should've ordered another serving but I didn't really remember what I ordered.Some miso soup $2.00 came next, I need some soup since I was in a frozen work environment all day I wasn't feeling good all day and that did me some good.Some soft shell crab $5.80 and tempura squid $4.20 reminds me of something I would eat back home all was missing was the beach and some beer but YES another delicious eats.The butabara pork belly came out I already knew it was gonna be good so I sampled a piece and saved the best for last. Crispy and firm just the way I like my pork belly delicious for only $2.20 I also should've ordered more of this. Enoki Bacon $2.30 also was good.For dessert I did the Maccha Affogato best way to end my dinner. Ice cream is always the best thing to eat if its 100+ outside even if its not its always something good.I like Kyara I'd be back definitely. Excellent service and food. Nice decoration. Both bar and table dining.
5	Wow talk about power lunch! I thought E. Milos had a good deal with their $20.12 lunch menu, but I had an amazing meal here for $8.95! My friend and I visited Kyara as we usually treat each other to lunch and today were here treat, she got off easy! I ordered the spicy salmon bowl, the rice was perfect and the salmon was fresh, this also came with another bowl of rice, soup, salad and tempura. My friend ordered the combination nigiri that came with the same accompaniments, she enjoyed hers as well and commented how fresh the fish was. My only gripe is they don't have brewed iced tea :( but that won't stop me from coming back, I need to try the rest of the menu.
4	I have now found the best Japanese tapas/izakaya place in Vegas! I used to go to Ichiza all the time and was a big fan, but since there is always a wait there, I found myself at Kyara. This is definitely a hidden gem (which after word gets out may no longer be) that I have been going to more and more lately. Currently $2 happy hour beers to go with a variety of delicious small plates that you can share with everyone. Some of my favorite dishes include:Hamachi jalapenoAge dashi Nasu (eggplant)Sauteed clams with sakeIka Butter (squid)pork kimcheekoro koro steakgyutan skewers (beef tongue)chocolate fondant (basically a warm chocolate cake)This is definitely one of my new favorite places to bring my friends that are visiting. So far, everyone has enjoyed this place and we will definitely be back again to try some of the other dishes.
4	I've been putting off this review for a while since there's just so many different dishes we had. That's the whole point, of course. Bring some friends, order a whole bunch of different things to try, maybe get some beer or sake too, and end up with a $33 pre-tip split.That's the thing I guess. Coming from someone who's used to getting as many small portions as he wants (Vegas-style AYCE sushi) dinner here is not quite my style, and it can (and did) get a little pricey. There are certainly a lot of nice things going on though. Salmon and Ikura Don was great. Enoki Bacon (bacon-wrapped mushrooms) was a total treat. I remember both the Hamachi Jalapeno and the Maguro Carpaccio being delicious. The Koro Steak was pretty good too. And the Yuzu Fromage Mousse was a sweet and citrus-y delight that I have never had the pleasure of enjoying before.I guess pretty much anything veggie-only didn't do it for me, but the worst offender was the Gobo chips. I don't know how much nutritional value was in those fried roots, but if you compress them down, it just seems like way too much to pay for something so decidedly not filling.I kinda wanna try that lunch menu that I've been reading about on other reviews. The combination of flavors and value might change my own tune.
5	Excellent little tucked away corner of Japanese styled paradise. The bill tends to add up as you're tempted by low prices and a variety of tasty treats so be sure to take advantage of any specials or deals they have going on. Aburi Shime SabaSeared Mackerel with yuzu ponzu sauce  - Absolutely amazing the natural flavors of the mackerel that's been lightly touched by a blue flame then served with a side of tangy ponzu sauce. Absolutely amazing Chicken Garlic PonzuStir fried chicken with Garlic Ponzu - When Anthony M recommended this i wondered why. Who goes to a Japanese place and gets stir-fried chicken?? Holy Moley  this breast is divinity served with am amazing sauce. The chicken breast is still juicy and tender while the dry rub and garlic ponzu sauce just kick it up a few notches. NICE! Salmon Ikura DonSalmon and Ikura (Salmon raw) on bowl of rice - Our waitress put this order in when all i wanted was a salmon rice ball. In the end i just decided to eat it anyway seeing as i was a bit hungry that night. Not exactly what i ordered but hell i didnt complain. Only thing i can point out is based on personal preference, would have been nice of the salmon slices were chilled a bit more.SKEWERS!!Negi MaChicken Meat with Onion- Think it's hunks of breast meat but man when you bite into that grilled onion wooo makes it all worth it.SasamiChicken breast- Very nice, nicely seasoned with a bit of salt but grilled to perfection. Still juicy on the inside and perfectly tender. KawaChicken skin - Good thing Tony T was also with us to point out a few techniques and methods. According to him the chicken skins had the fat rendered out so it's just all skin. If you're going to order this be sure to get it sauced (Shio). Sauced makes it so much better than salted.TsukuneGround Chicken and pork (Tare/Shio) - Ground meat reformed on a stick! Good stuff couldnt identify what kind of herb was used to add additional flavor but sure glad they did it. Anything Wrapped in Bacon- The asparagus wrapped in bacon was good. Very high quality bacon they use and they sure know how to grill it. Perfectly cooked and nice and crispy. The bacon wrapped Enoki mushrooms on the other hand was perfect. ShishitoJapanese pepper - If you havent had these yet give them a try. Wonderful flavor and Jin C's favorite. Who else orders 6 skewers?!
4	This is place is pretty amazing! I have only been there for lunch! But every time I go it's always the same quality food and great service! I really loved combination lunch they server there. It's affordable and tastey the same time!
3	We visited this place on our way to Vegas.This rating is for their lunch menu only. They offer a limited amount of food at lunch. We came in after reading all the awesome review so we were kinda disappointed.However, the quality of the food is good.I probably will try to come back at dinner time.The interior is very nice and clean.
2	Arrived late last night to vegas and wanted to check Kyara based on the 4.5 star rating.  If you've lived in LA or Orange County long enough you've probably tried or heard of the standard izakaya restaurants: Hondaya, Kappo, and the likes.  I'm fairly generous with my scores but sadly, I think Kyara is far from par.  Perhaps it was the chicken karaage that was majority fried fat.  Perhaps it was the Agedashi Tofu that was undercooked.  OR perhaps it was the outrageously overpriced $4.5 price of a 10oz. glass of  asahi beer. Or Perhaps it was our late night check in at 1AM.  Either way, if you've lived in LA long enough, chances are you've had better.  Steer clear. For you vegas locals, uhm...if you like it, rock on!
4	Some of my favorite things from Kyara were: 1.) the strawberry syrup with strawberry sorbet sojuchu (which is soju mixed with soda).  This would have to be the most unique chuhai I have ever tried and has to be my favorite by far!  I mean, who would have thought....strawberry soju and add a scoop of strawberry sorbet? Delicious! 2.) their green tea waffles with vanilla ice cream. which was the perfect ending to a good meal!  Nothing can ever go wrong with this dessert!  Don't forget to drizzle some honey over it! 3.) the chawan mushi.  This would have to be the softest chawan mushi I have ever had!  Very delicious and a great mix of seafood within!  A must try if you ever dine here! 4.) the buttered chicken.  One bite and you will be like, oh my!  The butter is soooo tasty! haha.  To all you healthy eaters...it is made of chicken breast! ;-)  The atmosphere of the restaurant was also very nice and the staff was very welcoming.  Overall, my friends and I had a wonderful experience.  I'd come back, especially for that chuhai and those waffles! =D
4	Depending on your perspective, Kyara is either the poor man's Raku or the rich man's Ichiza when it comes to Japanese izakayas in Las Vegas.    With Raku, there are potential issues with time constraints and difficulty in making reservations on short notice along with the hefty bill whereas with Ichiza, it is always crowded/noisy and service can be shoddy along with variations in quality across the spectrum of items offered.  The dining experience here is laid back and refined, prices are reasonable (and even a steal if you come during happy hour), and the food is consistently delicious and served with impeccable timing.  Having recently gone with 3 friends visiting from out of town, we were able to explore a wide spectrum of the menu, and I was very impressed with the range of offerings as well as the consistency in flavors.   Some notable highlights include the following:Yuzu chili salmon salad- fresh thin slices of salmon sashimi drizzled in a yuzu vinaigrette, the slightest dollop of japanese mayo and ring of jalapeno served alongside a well-dressed bed of arugula, a nice combo of punchy bold flavors that do not overpower the palate.  Ika Geso Age (Deep fried squid tentacles)-  flash fried tender morsels dredged with the slightest bit of batter served immediately out of the deep fryer; add a fresh squeeze of lemon, and you may not ever crave (Italian)calamari ever again.Chicken Karaage (japanese fried chicken)-  an izakaya staple, the most common slip-up is that the chicken is overcooked or under-seasoned, but both pitfalls were avoided so I was unduly impressedSeafood chawanmushi-  velvety egg custard intertwined with fresh scallops and shrimp, you will want to get your own cup to savor every bite all to yourself without sharing.Motsu Ni (pork intestine stew)-  the wild card order that was offal-ly good.  Unctuous simmered broth with tender strands of intestine, nice cubes of yam cake, a wonderful warm soup for a cold day.Yamaimo Teppan (mountain yam on hot plate)-  a sure crowd pleaser both in terms of presentation and taste;  a thin bed of grated mountain yam served on a hotplate covered with bonito shavings and seaweed, it's fun to see the bonito curling in the heat as though the dish were alive, and one is also given a long spoon to scrape the yam off from the hot plate.  The best way I can describe the beautiful synergy of textures is akin to biting into an omelette, grilled cheese sandwich and mashed potatoes all at the same time...culinary magic.Other notables include the seared mackerel, grilled squid, and chicken garlic ponzu, and other yelpers have complimented their dessert selection as well.  Perhaps the only criticism may be that some dishes were a bit on the saltier side, but I think this may be intentional since much like the salty American bar staples of hot wings and nachos, these Japanese pub offerings are all meant to be enjoyed with ice cold beer, sake, or even single malt Japanese whiskey alongside the company of good friends.
4	best lunch deals in town!  :)
5	This is the first time I give 5 stars. I really enjoy this place.
5	Awesome place!!Decor is rad feels like Im at someone house in Japan for eats. and just about everything off the menu is delish. I return often!
5	i love this place best tapas and i love the hanger steak
4	Solid izakaya.  Good food, reasonable prices, with just the right amount of  culinary weirdness to remind you this is Vegas.As a fellow yeep stated, "Kyara is either he poor man's Raku or the rich man's Ichiza"  So true.  Dishes do not deliver the authenticity or finesse of Raku but nor do the prices.  A good thing for the izakaya noob.For starters, top props to the spicy tuna dip served with rice crackers.  Clean tuna flavor without the cloying mayo.  Great textural contrast when eaten on the rice crackers.  Other sashimi dishes are less successful, swimming in sauces that quickly "cooks" the fish (ceviche) and overpowers the subtle fish flavors.  Deep fried items deliver great flavor but do not order too many at once.  Maybe it was busy on my visits but the oil is not hot enough, so the food gets soggy fast.  Items with cheese; yes cheese, take on a very greasy, cloying mouth feel.  Not good eats. Stick to simple items.  The squid tentacles are absolutely delicious.  Ranging from tender to tough with a salty finish.  The gobo chips simple and earthy.Finally, skewered and grilled items are all very good and averaging $2 a skewer, dirt cheap.  Chicken and pork options moist, veg barely cooked exuding freshness, both with a delicious hibachi char.  Great tasting marinades and sauces that give them all a flavor punch deserving of any beer.  The enoki clusters wrapped in bacon is a must try. Special note:  Yamaimo is offered in many preparations on the menu.  If you have never tried it before, it is very challenging texturally.  Slimy and starchy.  You either like it or you don't.  Just sayin.Friendly and efficient service.  Very reasonable prices.
1	When this place first opened, I used to frequent often. The food is good, the prices for lunch are even better, and the service used to be really great. The location is very small to start with, few tables, and a few bar seats and that is it.   The last two times I've gone in before todays visit, its been super long waits just to get an order in, to get your drink refilled is next to impossible, but the food does come quick once ordered. I guess because they are so busy they have lost it in customer service. It took me twenty minutes to flag a waitress down just to pay my check on the previous visit, which is why I havnet been back for sometime. I went today and waited 10 minutes before a hostess would even make eye contact or ask how many in my party, then told me it would be about 15 to 20 more minutes to get seated. I left being that I'm on my lunch hour and all. I'm frustrated with the lack of service they have here. I told myself I wouldn't be coming here any time soon the last time I went and now I will definately not go back to this place at all,  the food is not superb or anything its just good, but not worth the wait or frustration.
4	This place is cool. I prefer the lunch over the dinner. Spicy tuna bowl is delicious, but a portion of spicy tuna layered on top is quite thin. The lunch combinations come with rice, soup, salad, and tempura. Pretty good deal for $8.95. Also, the green tea waffle is fantastic.
5	This place is awesome for tapas and drinks (but i don't drink haha) It's small but comfy and opens pretty late. We always order the gyu tan (so tender!), enoki bacon, chawanmushi, spicy ahi dip served w/ rice crackers (which I absolutely cannot get over!). The chicken garlic ponzu is soooo good, it's a definite must try! We tried a new dish today, it's called niku tofu.. YUM! The staff is friendly and always makes you feel welcome. It's a good size menu but I kinda wish they had a little more, I'm so used to looking at a big menus. Overall everything is awesome
5	We've been wanting to dine here for quite some time now.  I'm glad we finally had the time to do so.  My overall first impression was that the place looked nice.  I had no clue about the price, but it looked as if it would be a bit pricey.  In actuality though, it's quite affordable.  I loved the ambiance and the service was excellent!Ordered:Yuzu Chili Salmon Salad:  They had Ahi Poke on the menu, which would usually be my go-to selection, but I figured I'd switch it up and try the Yuzu Chili Salmon Salad.  The Salmon is thinly sliced and is prepared seared.  The greens consisted on Arugula.  The bitterness of the Arugula accompanied the taste of the seared fish well.  Agedashi Tofu:  I love Tofu prepared in this manner.  The tofu itself was perfect, but my complaint is the broth that it was served it.  It was very strong in taste and overpowered the rest of the dish.  I probably won't order this again.Buta Bara:  One of the many selections of skewers available, Buta Bara is Pork Belly.  If you are a fan of Pork Belly, I highly recommend giving this a try.  It was cooked to perfection (in my opinion) with the edges providing a slight crunch.Tori Chazuke:  This is our first time ordering this dish.  It is a chicken and rice dish served drowning in a broth.  It was reminiscent of a Filipino dish I am familiar with:  Tenola, but not as appetizing.  The Tori Chazuke was bland in flavor.  The chicken was pulled of the bone and is served skinless.  The broth needed a douse of chili powder, salt, and pepper to  heighten the flavors.  It can say though, it was a heavy dish.  Personally, I wouldn't recommend this.Ika Maru:  Probably one of my favorite items on the menu.  It is a whole squid that is served grilled.  Nothing too fancy about this dish, but I'm a big fan of Squid and really had no complaints.  I'd definitely order it again on a future visit.  Recommended.Tori Karaage:  This was another of my favorite dishes of the evening.  I'm not sure how to explain what this is;  think of fried chicken turned into calamari.  The breading provided a nice crunch.  Don't forgot to drizzle it the dish with a freshly squeezed lemon wedge to give it a touch of tanginess!  Recommended.Green Tea Waffle:  I had to get dessert.  This is exactly what it sounds like.... Green Tea powder mixed in a waffle batter and then topped with Vanilla Ice Cream.  It's a good portion to share amongst two.Pros:*  Excellent Customer Service & Ambiance*  Very affordable, authentic Japanese Tapas (it only cost $45 for all the above)*  Yes, there was some dishes I didn't favor, but overall Great food!Cons:*  Aside from the dishes I disliked, there really wasn't any negatives to this place.Overall:I arrived a little before it opened for dinner time and instead of standing outside we were invited to sit in the waiting area =)  That was already a favorable first impression for me.  We got to here them doing their little prep meeting before opening, alongside their group cheer.  If you are big on service and enjoy Japanese Tapas, Kyara is definitely recommended!Tips:*  Awesome hot tea (it's on the house).*  There's a white board in front that highlights specials of the day.  *  Check out their Facebook page for daily specials too.*  This place can be fun for both group dining and a date =)
4	So yummy! The chicken with galic ponzu sauce is amazing
4	Naked Fish's sister property~ I've only been here once for lunch and I will definitely be returning! Cute little place with a good selection on their lunch menu and decent prices! All lunch specials come with rice, salad, miso soup & tempura~Lunch sashimi special $8.95 : pretty fresh & delicious! I especially loved how it was presented in a pretty basket on a bed of ice ~Lunch miso salmon $8.95 : good quality and not overly sweet~ Hot tip: instead of steamed rice ask for sushi rice! Only $1 more & it's much tastier!
4	the first few times i came here i fell in love with their shishito peppers. grilled so right. peppered and salted just right. not spicy and slightly sweet. i ordered it so often and so much (6 at a time) that i was convinced they didnt greet me like how they usually do when customers walked in because they knew... someone had to prepare a butt load of shishito peppers that night. HAHA their garlic potato is awesome. korokoro steak is so tender and full of flavor. gobo chips and mimiga (pig ears) mix up the variety for texture and taste. spicy tuna on rice crackers has an awesome taste and texture. maguro carpaccio is also a must dish every time i go.last time i went though, i felt it was an off night. the peppers were spicy! the korokoro steak portion was noticeably less that it usually was. and of course the one cute waitress i always politely say hello to in a friendly manner never smiles and is very cold, was still the same. its not just me, ive pointed it out to others and they concur with my observation.
4	YUM. My friends had been raving about this place so one night we all decided to stop by after work for a late dinner. The prices were great and the selection was even cooler. We got a whole bunch of dishes ranging from soup to tofu to steak. Everything tasted delicious! I had the tofu pudding for dessert and it was awesome. My only complaint was that the desserts my friends went there for were sold out. Bummer! But that just means we have to go back again soon!!!
3	I think their foods and atmosphere are good.But the stools are very uncomfortable,I wish they change to regular chairs.
2	Had this placed bookmarked for months & my experience today w/ my bf was a complete disaster. First, when we walked in, it took awhile for anyone to acknowledge us because there was no hostess at the wait area. Finally, when a server did, she said that it'll be a a few minutes. We basically stood up the whole time since the small couch was occupied by 2 people and there was no way we can squeeze in.  12-15 minutes later, we were finally able to sit down. Walking in the dining area, i noticed there was plenty of seats at the bar area and she didnt bother offering that to us. We went there around noon-ish for the lunch special. I ordered the Salmon Miso combo and my bf ordered the Spicy Salmon bowl combo. When they brought out the entrees, they forgot to bring out my Salmon Miso entree and the waitress stated "it will be ready in a few minutes." First of all, why would you bring food when one of them is not ready??...6 minutes goes by until i can finally catch someone's attention (only 2 waitresses working there at the time). My bf had to start eating his food without me. When i asked her, "where's my salmon?" She said, "oh, i'll get it right now"...So basically, my salmon was ready & she totally forgot about it.When we saw my bf's Spicy Salmon bowl combo, we were totally shocked at what it looked like. We thought they made a mistake. It looked like grounded up bright orange paste (i thought it was pureed smelt egg for a second). The bowl was 90% rice, 10% fish. My bf stated "it's more mild than spicy and all i can taste is rice). My salmon miso was good, miso soup was ok and veggie tempura was typical. The waitress assured us the food was the spicy salmon.The 2 waitresses that interchangeably served us never once checked on us. I have to keep flagging them down to even get their attention. We were both still starving after our meals. It looked plenty but it wasnt satisfying. For the price, I was happier and fuller with a bento box at Sumo sushi. I asked for a check and waited about 8 minutes. Finally, i had to flag the OTHER waitress down to bring me my check. When i gave her my credit card, she stated "oh, our POS service is down. We have to make a carbon copy of your card." Really??? That was just the icing on the cake. She noticed my bf and I did not look happy. She asked us if our food was ok. I was happy with my Salmon Miso but told her about my bf's Spicy Salmon bowl. My bf told her he was expecting it to actually look like a fish, kind of like the same form as my Salmon Miso. The waitress then stated "Oh, the other waitress FORGOT to tell you it was RAW". They didnt bother stating it was raw on the menu, yet alone explained it to us!!! My bf expressed his unhappiness with his food and all she can say was "I'm sorry".The waitress, (one of their names was Yumi) didnt bother giving us a discount, yet alone comp my bf's entree. What kind of place does not state or even write that a particular entree is raw??? Some people do not like raw fish. I told my bf, "maybe the food will be better for dinner", but he was so turned off that he stated, "I dont ever want to come back here." Service makes a huge difference as well! I had such high hopes due to the glowing yelp reviews!!!
4	Ok, when you order, order ALL your food at once rather than waiting later on and order some more food.Some of the food I got:Spicy Tuna on dip - rice cracker with finely chopped spicy tuna. Delish! They said it's spicy, but if you're a newbie to spicy food, you can handle this one.Yasai haru maki (vegetable spring roll) - DO drench this with the lemon and eat it while it's hot. The temperature and the acid from the lemon makes it go so well!Cheese tempura - Uhm...no. Bad mistake. I don't like cheese and I don't know why I ate this. If you like cheese that's partially melted and deep fried, go for it!Chicken gizzard skewer  - chewy and yummy!Chicken wing skewer - ok this one was done pretty awkward. It's not one of the chicken wing you'd get from a bar. It's the WHOLE wing it self poked with two skewers!Bacon wrapped asparagus - YUM! Just too bad it came with 4 pieces. Needs more bacon!They have a special menu that's priced $4-$6. This place is a good place for a no-first-base-firstdate, post-work mini-food debauchery, or catch up with that friend that you used to hate cause he ate your slice of cheesecake.
4	I've been to Kyara a few times prior to revisiting it this weekend.  This is one of those places I enjoyed quite a bit, but since it's not exactly close to me it falls off my radar.   That is, until I constantly see half of my Yelp friends list checking into it every other weekend and seemingly having the time of their lives while I sit at home crying into a sad, lonely bowl of chex mix.  But I digress.   So I found a friend to hang out with me on Saturday before we ventured to another friend's house, and convinced him to go to Kyara with me.  Once there the first thing I noticed was how quiet it was, when I had been used to it being fairly crowded in previous visits.  It's possible it was too early (7 pm on a Saturday?) because it did seem to pick up as time went on.   I decided fairly quickly to just throw caution to the wind and not really worry about a) how much we ordered and b) how $much$ we ordered.  Boy, dining does get a lot more enjoyable this way even though it's not particularly a realistic way to live.  We ordered quite a bit, and I'm going to attempt to rank them from worst to best because it's simply more dramatic that way.   1) Blue Cheese Potato Salad:   I don't know, I had all the hope in the world for this and thought it was bland.   Maybe it was a bad batch, but I could barely taste blue cheese NOR potato.  How is that possible?   Your guess is as good as mine.   My friend started to like it more with every beer he drank.  Take that for what it's worth.  I also tried it after some sake and beer and it didn't help it at all for me2) Sunset Roll - according to the website this is a "temporary menu from Naked Fish"?  For $12 it was uninspired and worse than ANY roll I've had at Sushi-Mon's All You Can Eat.  It was removed from the table with still 3-4 pieces left3) Those thin fried chicken chips.   I thought they were okay, but that there were much better a) fried and b)chicken options4) Ham Katsu - I thought this was pretty tasty, but not very exciting.  Tastes exactly what it sounds like5) Maccha Affogato (dessert) - Okay this tasted really good, but the reason it's this low is that if you're going to order this, you might as well just go with the green tea waffle which is EXTRAORDINARY6) Bacon wrapped asparagus skewer - I've had this before when it was much, much better.  This time the portion sizes were much smaller.   Still tasted okay7) Miso Soup - Standard8) Chicken Wing Skewer - About what you'd expect, which is not a bad thing.  Much preferred the "Sauce" version over "Salt"9) Deep fried squid tentacles - Very tasty, excellently seasoned, just chewy enough10) Gobo Chips - a must order for me each time.  Burdock root ftw!11) Pork Belly skewer - I'm always a sucker for Pork Belly.  Much prefer the "salt" version over "sauce" on this one12) Pork with Kimchi - to be fair, I love pork, and I love kimchi.  If you don't I'm guessing this isn't for you.  13) Green tea waffle (dessert) - Good lord I wasn't prepared for this.  I don't typically order desserts, but this was one of the better ones I've had in quite some time14) Cheese Tempura (x2) - This is by far my favorite thing here and something I've had to order each visit, usually twice, since day 1.  You get three different cheeses tempura style and they are usually brought out all hot and gooey, just the way you like it.  Next time:  gobo chips and friend squid to start, some skewers, pork with kimchi, and cheese tempura with maybe a few more new items to try and finishing it off with the green tea waffles.Service was fine, though our waitress did seem a little unfriendly (unfriendly might be a little harsh, maybe indifferent is a better word) at times.  Food came out piping hot and drinks were refilled quickly which is the most important part.  As I explained to my friend this is the type of place that you just need to keep visiting until you've tried nearly everything on the menu.   By that point you will wind up with a 5 star experience each and every time in regards to the food.  I'm getting there Kyara!
4	It was a toss up between going here or Ichiza.  Since we've been to Ichiza before, we went with the new place.  It was nice to try, but I think Ichiza has the edge.  We called and made reservations which is good because Ichiza doesn't do that.  On to the food.  We ordered a bunch of items.  Some of the notables were:Pork Belly Skewers - I liked the one with sauce more than the salted one.  Definitely good to trySpicy tuna with cracker - Disappointing.  Wasn't spicy at all and the tuna had a strange consistency.  Kimchi with Pork - Good.  nothing really notable, but good.Stewed beef with potato - Really good.  Almost sukiyaki-esque.  One of my favorite dishes of the nightYellowtail with Chili - Very good.  Beautiful presentation and the flavors really accented each other wellThe decor and presentation of the food was very nice.  The only down side was the service.  It was pretty slow and they missed some items that we ordered (but we were charged for them on the bill).  I caught the mistakes and got it fixed up.  Overall, good place to try out and share lots of different dishes, but I'll try to get Ichiza early next time.
3	This is a good choice for lunch but I'll have to admit, it appears that dinner time is the real time to come and try out the star players on the menu! With that said, this is only a review of their lunch but I am eagerly awaiting my next visit to try their other menu items. Nice and easy location to get to right off the interstate which was a bonus. It can get super busy inside so squeezing a quick lunch within an hour's time. The place was so busy we had to sit at the sushi bar to eat curry. Not a bad thing, but I felt so guilty taking up precious sushi bar space!! lolThe downside of eating at the sushi bar was that I got to see how they made the curry:1. They take a bowl from the freezer. 2. They take the top off and open said bowl. 3. Place in microwave. 4. Plate up rice while curry is being nuked.5. Dump curry from bowl onto rice. The upside of watching the cooking process, you hope that it's homemade curry they cooked and froze in advance to make it easier for the customers to enjoy. :) It certainly was just as tasty as the curry I make at home. Not the worst, but also not the best. Just a solid choice for curry.You can add chicken Katsu for a small price more and it's a well rounded meal. Overall, good place for lunch and a definite add to the list of lunching options. :)
4	The company that does our major printing is right around the corner from this place and I was in the neighborhood to drop off some files. I was thinking about grabbing some lunch when I glanced over and say their sign that read, "Now serving Lunch." I was intrigued so I googled them and their lunch deal look great so I decided to stop in and try them out. I was quite pleasantly surprised by what my entire experience. Immediately upon walking in I was greeted and sat at the sushi bar. The server quickly got my drink order and looked over the menu. There was a nice selection all for around $9 to $12. Nice! I settled on the 6 pieces of sashimi lunch. Nothing too exciting, but again it's lunch. What you get:6 pieces of sashimi (salmon, tuna, yellowtail)Miso SoupSaladBowl of Rice Shrimp TempuraYou should have seen the amount of food they piled in front of me. I was almost overwhelmed by it all. What a deal! I also totally enjoyed it all too. The atmosphere is clean and fresh, the service is great, and the food was pretty good. I would definitely go back and am very curious about their dinner now.
4	Disclaimer: Review is for Lunch only.Came here for lunch w/ my team and had the Deluxe Bento.  For $12.95, it was a good steal as it came with Shrimp tempura, Vegetable tempura, 5 pieces of Sashimi (2 salmon, 3 tuna), California Roll and Chicken Teriyaki!  Everything tasted fresh and good to taste.  I wouldn't mind coming back for lunch!  My team also enjoyed it!
5	Excellent food at great prices!  What more could you ask for?Ordered multiple things here!  Around 9 plates or so for a total of about $30++!  Can't beat it...and to answer your question, it BLOWS away that other place on Spring Mountain (the one that sounds like "cheese" LOL).I won't go over ALL the dishes I ordered, but EVERYTHING I ordered was great...including some "close your eyes" yummy!The Aburi Shime Saba was a good dish to start...imagine sushi grade mackerel cut sashimi style with a yummy ponzu sauce.  Lots of fish for the money too! The Pork Kimchee was amazing!  The best I've had....great portion size too, but the taste was even better!  Mouth watering thinking about the spices...and yes, it was actually slightly spicy!  One of my favs of the night!  Pic :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kyara-japanese-tapas-las-vegas-2?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#HCycIWoNWwx2a0PP9WkdOgThe Onigiri (rice ball) was a great touch!  My little guy murdered the entire thing!  It is a very large rice ball, filled with cooked salmon, and wrapped with nori/seaweed!  He absolutely loved it...great for kids and only $2??I tried a bunch of different skewers/kushi.  The really good ones were the Gyutan/tongue (great portion!) the Tsukune (ground chicken and pork) which reminded me of a gyro/kabob, and the Butabara/pork belly which was a good mix of meat/fat ratio!  The Gyutan :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kyara-japanese-tapas-las-vegas-2?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#ktT-nhgnGpOt1rz7fiBK0ATsukune :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kyara-japanese-tapas-las-vegas-2?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#eFaxr0vwP6CLxgLPiBsDiwAll of these I recommend with the shio/sauce, as the sauce was great tasting and worth dipping it all up off the plate!To finish, we ordered the Green Tea waffles!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kyara-japanese-tapas-las-vegas-2?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#YgjwJkdGXzXjhiJ0voRwYgThey were packed with tea flavor, surprising actually.  The honey and butter get poured over the top, and make a very good dessert!  I like it better than the honey toast!Service was decent, food comes out slow at first, but then fast once you start getting your dishes.  I had to ask for refills, but the staff was friendly and the food more than makes up for it!  Give it a go!
4	TRAINER JO APPROVED MENUGreat, quaint place.  Came in for lunch but there were no tapas on the menu.  But that's ok.  Actually I wish the lunch menu was bigger.  Will definitely have to come back and check out what's for dinner :-)
3	Fiance and I finally got to try Kyara last Friday.  There have been so many great reviews, we just never really in that side of town for date night.  Anywho, we were there and I was reading through my trusted yelpers' reviews.  We ordered grilled squid, butter squid, the chicken skin skewer, pork belly skewer, chicken thigh skewer, gizzard skewer, eggplant with meat miso, green tea, orion beer and a pour of the yamazaki 18 yr.Grilled squid was pretty good.  I had to ask for a side of sriracha to eat with it.  Then, everything else was pretty mediocre.  The end of our meal, we asked ourselves, "Did we come on a bad  night?" Maybe...but we agreed that this place is A-OK.
5	Kyara is awesome!!! I am a regular and I eat there at least once a month with my boyfriend. Their special is a must try. I love their chocolate fondant. Rice ball in chicken both and mini udon is my favorite rice entree. Anyway, Kyara is the best Japanese tapas in town!
5	OK, this review is overdue since I have been there 3 times. After my wonderful Raku experience I decided Kyara needs its proper shout out! We decided to go back tonight just to refresh my memory of why we loved it so much. I know some Yelpers disagree with the 5 star review compared to Raku, I disagree. Kyara deserves it for a great amount of reasons. Some are the same reasons of why I love Raku and some are different.  For one service is great! Those guys are outrageously polite and friendly! Got to love them! They are the kind of guys ( and I say guys because I have only seen Men waiters, sort of a Smith And Wolensky deal) that you actually would like to hang out with! My 6 year old daughter was with us and they were patient and super personable with her!On to the food. When I first ate at Kyara I don't remember ever having the fill in sheet to order. I might be wrong.  In any event, they have one. You can fill it out and hand it in. I personally usually like to ask questions before doing so. This time I didn't, due to the fact that we were feeling adventurous and the fact that every meal we had there has been really good. That might of been a mistake this time. There were two dishes that we were not too particularly keen to. One of these dishes was the Niku Jaga, we had no idea how it was going to taste but, the English of this dish was a beef and potato type of stew, I think. Well it's extremely sweet! Seriously a soupy, potato, carrot and meat dish, so so so strangely sweet!! OK, so our fault. My husband asked the waiter because he actually thought they mistaken sugar for salt. No, they did not. It's supposed to be sweet. So this is where asking questions comes in handy instead of just filling in a form. Second dish Udon, I guess my fault as well. I decided I am very picky when it comes to soup and fish.Our favorites are the Butabara (pork belly) so delicious, and the grilled whole squid, it is absolutely perfect!  I also particularly loved the Koro steak. All very  tasty! The chicken wing and the chicken thigh skewers were so flavorful!   The tomato caprese in a mozzarella sauce was also very memorable and a very unexpected dish that we all enjoyed. If you like potatoes get the garlic potato, my daughter really liked this one. It was nicely cooked and crispy yet soft in the inside and had a very nice garlic seasoning. We tried a new beer, the Orion. If you like beer try this one. It is light and refreshing and not super filling. Make sure to ask for the small cold sake cups that are chilled, I think it makes it extra special.The atmosphere is nice, it's open late, service is above average, it's reasonably priced and they have great tasting food.
4	Came back for lunch with a friend and I think lunch may be a better deal than dinner.  I ordered the sashimi bento box.  It came with a total of 6 pcs of skimpy slices of fish (salmon, tuna, and hamachi) over a bowl of ice, miso soup, salad, bowl of rice, and shrimp and veggie tempura, all for $10.95. The food came out pretty quick and there are many varieties of bento box that will please everyone.Would I come back for lunch?  Yes.
5	This is my hidden gem find during the last LV trip.It was our first night arriving in LV for the CES show. All the airport travel hassles made us really hungry and ready for great food.  Armed with a sheet of to-try resto during this trip, we drove to the middle of almost no-where hoping to find that next hidden gem during this trip. And we hit a jackpot!L O C A T I O N: on a quiet strip mall, not much light at night; a bit out of the way. not a good business location.S E R V I C E: Excellent service, polite. Our waiter was a young Japanese guy from Central Japan, he was very patient explainig in details each of the item we asked him and never rushed us to order.The place opened about a year ago.  For a place that's at least the same par as Raku, this was place noticeable not as busy as Raku; most likely due to their location. This place has a nicer decor and sits more comfortable than Raku; but Raku has that typical authentic Tokyo's gritty izakaya feel which some people may prefer more. These two places have both their pluses and minuses.We'd probably sit next to the bar next time to watch the hustle & bustle inside their open kitchen.  Their bar seating area had a nice ambiance light This place has quite reasonable prices and small collection, but interesting selections of Premium Sake, Shochu and Japanese "whisky". This place also carries Genshu - undiluted sake with relatively high (18-20%) alcohol content.At the recommendation of our waiter, we opted for the Ozeki Osakaya Chobei (Junmai Daiginjo) instead. 300ml/$38.Ika Geso-Age - one of the best, tastiest fried squid legs. The batter was thin and extremely tasty.  The aroma came out nicely when sprinkled with a dash of lemon.  This dish somehow always ended up on my side of the table. $3.80Gobo chips - fried burdock root.  Not commonly found in many Izakayas. $2.80Hamachi Jalapeno - This sliced yellowtail with Yuzu ponzu was certainly one of the winner of the night! $9.50Ika Uni Ae - $4.50. This is a dish for unilover ("yoo" nee lover? is that a new word?) because the Uni is mashed and mixed with soft slices of Ika, creating an intensified aroma of uni. Probably not for univirgin.Saki Ika tempura - deep fried dried squid. $3.80. This was OK only for me. It reminds me of those dried squid snacks you find in Taiwan, or other Asian snack shops.SKEWERSsunagimo - chicken gizzard $1.80nasu - eggplant $1.50Shoniku - chicken thigh $1.80sasami wasabi - chicken breast  $2.30Tsukune+Egg - Ground Chicken and Pork $2.50 (+$1 with cage-free egg)We ended our meal with the obligatory Mini Udon which we ordered in double-size ($3.80/ea).  The broth was savory, light, yet tasty with the right balance of salt.  By this time we're full, but couldn't resist the Dessert. Our waiter recommended the Tofu Mousse (came with 3 scoops of Strawberry sorbet).  We ordered his recommendation and added the Green Tea Waffle ($5.25). His Tofu Mousse recommendation was definitely the winner - light and refreshing.   The green tea waffle is just a bit too dense/heavy after all the meals.We left satisfied. Great service, great food; our stomach left happy as well and our feet are ready for the grueling walk at the ultra,mega CES show floor.We shall be back!
5	As soon as we step inside the restaurant , we are back to Japan. Happy place!
4	Excellent food, excellent variety, excellent prices!  Our group of four enjoyed the experience of trying all sorts of new foods and combinations with prices reasonable enough to get adventurous.  The maguro carpaccio and koko beef (I think that's the name) are DO NOT MISS items, but skip the bleu cheese potato salad, very bland.Service wasn't fast, but was attentive and accommodating.  We will be going back!
5	Legit one of my fav spots to eat... Anyplace that can offer me unencumbered chicken skin gets an A+++ in my book. This is a great spot to sample a little bit of this and a little bit of that which is how i personally like to roll! Pork Belly, Chicken thighs, Chicken Skin and Bacon wrapped asparagus.. I think I wanna be buried here. Yeah.. thats right its that good!! I drive all the way from centennial hills just to get some of this deliciousness! I will most certainly be back to Kyara.
4	Ran across this jewel thanks to yelp. Parking was a breeze to find and the interior is eye appealing.I started off with hot green tea and ordered the Sashimi lunch combo - a bargain at $10.95 The sides arrived first - miso soup, salad, tempura and all was delish. The tempura included 2 pcs of shrimp. The sashimi arrived and was presented beautifully on a bed of ice and was so fresh.The service was friendly and so accommodating. I'll definitely bereturning here again!
5	This is quite possibly my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  My man and I come here often for both lunch and dinner.  Our most recent meal was for Valentine's Day and we were greeted with complimentary champagne.  When we ordered a bottle of wine (Wolfgang Puck Chardonnay, excellent and only $30!) our server displayed it in the chiller with baby's breath and wrapped in red linen, so cute and festive!The lunch combos are great and very good value, but the dinner is what keeps us coming back.  The plates are great for sharing and small enough that we can get lots of variety.  We usually get around 10 or so different items.  Having worked our way through almost everything on the menu by now, we still have not found a single dish here we didn't like.  Make sure you save room at the end for the green tea mochi ice cream.  The contrast between the cold smooth ice cream and the chewy gelatinous mochi is amazing and a light but satisfying end to the meal.Sitting up at the bar gives a great view into the kitchen and the chef will often come by and talk to us about the dishes.  This is especially beneficial if you are an adventurous eater like I am (chef has teased us about being the only non-Asian people to order some of the more out there options).  The February specials include live scallops so fresh the chef said it was still wiggling when he sliced it.  Also try anything with Ika (raw squid).  The texture and flavor are fantastic.  This place really is authentic Japanese cuisine.  We will definitely be back again and again.
1	I was excited to try this place because of all the yelp reviews but according to the waitress there isn't any vegetarian options on the menu....WEIRD??
4	This is a small local izakaya that has a great little menu and $2.50 and $3.50 specials for dinner. So you get a lot for your money. Owner is the same as Naked fish, an equally good place. They have the best charcoal skewer menu in town, ranging from vegetable to fish and combination of both. They also have a sake night every week, and that is an awesome deal for any sake lovers.My favorite on their menu: Butter squid. So yummy!Great place overall to chill and enjoy great food.
4	I consider Kyara to be a good one night stand kinda' joint.  This is the only Japanese Tapa centered venue I know of in Vegas, so here I come.  You step inside into a very quaint japanese style village of a place.  The customer service was on point and the food was great.  The only problem I had was that the menu was so extensive and most of the items were foreign to me, so it was kinda' hit and miss when ordering.  Don't get me wrong.. all the dishes we ordered were great.. but not all dishes were worth paying for because of its small portion.  If they ever one day offer an AYCE menu, you can bet I'll be one of the regulars!
5	This review is for their lunch. Lunch is only available on the weekdays and they have a limited bento menu. Although limited, the bentos are plentiful. I had a bento with katsu. The bento came with rice, soup, salad, tempura and the protein. It was more than enough food for me. I probably could have shared it but I didn't want to (mine!). I wish they had lunch on the weekends!!! I would so be there!
4	Thanks to Yelp for steering me to Kyara for a 11:00 dinner. Nice variety of dishes with prices that made it easy to explore the menu. Especially appreciated that they added my name to the wait-list when I called at 10:30 to double-check that they were indeed open late.  Highlight for me was the seared steak with garlic, ginger, wasabi and chives on the side. I will return when I'm back in Las Vegas next and this time I'll bring some friends so that we can share twice as many items as I was able to handle on my own. Very easy to get to for an out-of-towner - right off of the highway. Recommended.
5	Went here for a few drinks and tapas with because Roger T was being a punk...and some were dandruff FLAKES!  The place is rather small but it was nice and clean.  We were given a Japanese slaw while waiting for our food.  We pretty much ordered 2 of each item on the menu: sasami, tomato caprese, ika butter, ham katsu, tori kara-age, koro koro steak, beef tataki, chawanmushi, enoki bacon, mochi bacon, asparagus bacon, butabara kushi, hamachi jalapeno, grilled veggies, aburi shime saba (mackerel), skewers (chicken, pork and wings), green tea waffle, and matcha affogato.  The price wasn't bad.  We ended up paying $180 for 3 people and we ordered a lot of food.  The girls I was with gave up so I had to clean up the mess we started.  My favorites were anything with bacon, koro koro steak (so tender), green tea waffle combined with the matcha affogato.  Delish!!! The service was excellent. I find no reason not to come back!
4	Food I ordered was good but I feel like they don't have enough options. Be prepared to order a lot of servings and food if you can eat like me.
5	As we really enjoy Naked Fish we thought we'd give this place a try as we had heard that it was owned by the same guy.  We were impressed and really enjoyed it.Having eaten in some izakaya places in Japan, Kyara was a nice throwback to those.  The menu was probably bigger than the ones I have been to before, but the food was equally as good.  The service was spot on, and the servers recommendations were excellent.Good value, nice ambiance, good food.
4	Great lunch specials!  Free dessert when you like on Facebook or check in on Yelp.
5	Kyara is dope! Kyara was totally worth driving to if you're staying on the strip and have a rental car like we did. It's izakaya style food (bar food) so you know the portions are good and the prices are legit.The staff here are awesome. Super friendly and they all yell Japanese bar greetings at you when you enter and do the same as a fair well when you leave. It's a pretty cool touch. The interior is all wood and super chic looking; very classy. The menu is well laid out and easy enough to figure out even if you have no idea what you're looking at (as was the case with me). I had chicken tender skewers which were cooked and seasoned perfectly. They pulled right off the skewer with a minimum amount of effort. They weren't dry or chewy at all. I also had the koro beef which was fantastic. The beef was so tender and juicy. I seriously was not expecting it to be THAT good. I followed it up with the Sunset Roll which is spicy tuna inside the roll with albacore on top of the roll. It was made with skill and both fish tasted great. It's definitely a step above a lot of sushi rolls I've had elsewhere. One of my biggest sushi pet peeves is when they're made in a rush and fall apart when you try to pick them up with your chopsticks so you can actually, ya know, eat them. This was not a problem here at all!I ended the meal with my complimentary vanilla ice cream with green tea syrup (check in on Yelp for this tasty Yelp Deal). It was refreshing and tasty. The green tea syrup was the perfect addition to a decent scoop of vanilla ice cream. Really, I think vanilla is such a good flavor when trying to showcase a more subtle flavor like green tea or lavender.If you come to Vegas and love Japanese or Asian style cuisine and want some food prepared by skilled chefs for a great price then Kyara is your spot. It's worth every penny and every second of the round trip there and back to the strip. I'm a fan!
5	Great place for drinks and good food! Month of May they are having KIRIN PITCHER SPECIAL for only 10.00 BUCKS! 5pm-7pm/ 11pm-2am.
5	Super awesome lunch specials!  Huge portions, very good food.  Most of us got the lunch specials and they were very yummy with lots of food - salad, miso, rice, tempura and an entree!  Yes, AND an entree.  One of us got the teriyaki bowl and it was huge for the price.  Great service and we were back to the office in an hour.  We will be back!
4	Great service. Got food in a timely manner. Koro Koro Steak & Pork Kimchi were amazing.
5	These seemingly cheap tapa dishes can stack up to a hefty bill in a hurry if you're not careful. But it's hard to find such a well executed restaurant like Kyara you be leaving happy if anything. I was really impressed with the experience as soon as I stepped in. The server grabs the attention of the chefs and they all greet you with a warm 'irasshaimase' that doesn't sound so robotic for once. If you sit by the inside tables, there are overhead lights dimly lit which really gives off that snazzy after-hours feel. Do you want to make it a relaxed meal before you return home or is it a pre-game spot before your next destination? You decide. Either way, they set up that mood very well. Along with some J-POP playing on their radio, they put you in the zone for a good bite and drink.The fried shrimp and chicken-skin skewers were some of my favorites. The Philadelphia Roll was simply amazing.. Why can't more restaurants pack cream cheese like that? There is so much to eat from the tapas menu one visit didn't do me justice.I've been meaning to buy some of my buddies a meal+round and this is the perfect place.
5	Best spicy maguro temaki! Yamakake was great too! The best Down to earth Japanese place in Vegas
2	After three strikes I had decided this place was out, and then the strikes kept on coming. I have no idea how this place has so many good ratings.1.This place reeked like rotten fish and sewerage. If I hadn't gone with my boyfriend and his buddy, I would have walked right out. I wanted to be sick when we first sat down.2. My boyfriend ordered a spicy salmon roll and the waitress tried to upsell him on some fancy spicy tuna roll. NO, he just wanted a simple roll. And he ordered spicy Salmon, NOT spicy Tuna!3. They were out of Asahi beer.4. The food and utencils came out in the wrong order. We got our rolls, and then our soy sauce dishes and chop sticks came out with our combo meal.5. The portions were skimpy! Let's just say they gave us water in beer glasses, and then the beer came out in mugs that were smaller than the beer glasses the water came in. WTF6. And the service was slow.... The only reason I'd even give this place two stars is because the actual quality of the sushi was good, although I think some of the rolls were a little bland. And both my boyfriend and I liked the spicy salmon...  The spicy salmon that the waitress did not want to sell us. Ha
5	Amazing lunch deals!  Get the Spicy Tuna bowl set!  The best I've ever had!
4	So where do you do when Sierra Gold's kitchen is closed for no reason? Obviously Kyara cause Japanese tapas area perfect substitute... Ok yeah we went cause it was right next door and open at 12am.Usually I am not a big fan of tapas restaurants... All to often 'tapas' turns out to be a restaurant's excuse to offer up small portions of food at full price, and while Kyara wasn't exactly an exception to this, it was definitely worth it.Kyara is a pretty good alternative to the long wait times at Ichiza or if you can't get a table at Raku. The restaurant is kinda like a Japanese Firefly and so far without the Salmonella poisoning which is a definite plus! Some of the dishes worth checking out: are the mochi bacon skewers, cheesy tomato potato, and the pork skewers.The food was great but a little over-priced. At about $4 per skewer and $8 for a larger dish you can easily drop $30 bucks here and still be able to eat more, but then again, I don't think you get these dishes anywhere else in town.The service was kinda of slow but the servers were so polite it almost made up for it. Yes I am being generous with the 4 stars but they get props for offering a yelp check-in offer! Vanilla ice cream with green tea paste yummm.
5	The food is so KILLER here!  I'm a huge fan and would eat here all the time if it wasn't so far away from my house!  One of the few places where I grub on some Uni (trust me, it's fantastic here) and one of the few places I would smash all the veggie skewers in one sitting.  Gobo chips and the maguro zuke don bowl are top picks for me at Kyara but make sure to grub on the buttered tako and, if you're feisty, some of the japanese whiskey proves to go down nicely with the meal.Great food, good service, but so FAR away from me.. ugh.. oh well, still awesome!!
4	My top choice for Japanese tapas in town.  Good service and ambience.  Considering Japanese Tapas is never a cheap option for dinner if you want to stuff yourself,  the prices at Kyara were reasonable.My favorites: Koro koro steak, Age dashi tofu, beef tongue stew.
2	Ate here about a year ago and really enjoyed it.  Was looking forward to returning and checked up for recent reviews on yelp (which were mostly favorable).  Unfortunately, I was extremely disappointed by my visit this past Friday night (6/21).First of all we made to wait approx 15 minutes for a table when there were clearly several tables available.  Then another 10 minutes+ for someone to take our drink order.  Another 15 minutes for someone to take our food order, and only after I got up and walked around the restaurant to find a server.  Another 10+ minute wait for our first dish to arrive - miso soup; which I'm sure could have been served much quicker.Fortunately, after that, the rest of our dishes did arrive in a more timely manner.  But then...it was time for the BILL!  After waiting 10+ minutes after our last dishes were removed, I finally had to ASK for the check and was told "our computer is down and it should be back up in 5 minutes".  I heard this server say the same thing to another table but that was when we first walked in, over an hour ago.Now here is the best part of the story! 15 more minutes of waiting for the bill and  then the server brings us some free ice cream for our wait.  After we finish the complimentary dessert and sit around for another 15 minutes...I have to get up and find somebody to ask for my bill AGAIN.  I am told the computer is down and they can't give it to me - we were actually being held hostage by the restaurant!How many timers does one have to ask for a check before you can just get up and walk out?  What if we had a show or movie to catch?  Could we have just walked out?  In the end I had asked FOUR times for a check and waited more than 45 minutes to receive it.  That is just TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE under any circumstances!
1	Offensive. The rude, pretentious hostess greeted us with suspicion, not "Hello.". It took her a few moments to speak and rather than a smiling welcome she tersely asked if we had a reservation. We did not. With her mouth agape in disgust she had to see someone else. Every table was empty. She returned and said, "They need some time." A Japanese group walked in and was immediately greeted enthusiastically by the hostess and some of the chefs. We were never greeted at all and decided to leave. The hostess was quite rude. Can't comment on the food. We wanted to try the place because of the great reviews. The Yelp listing did not note the requirement to have a reservation nor does the web site. Will not return.
5	Great food in this tucked away small restaurant. Good atmosphere, good service. Poke is so fresh here. Tapas stye food in generous portions. Tofu dessert was well done. Price is very reasonable for the quality you get
4	This place never disappoints~! The healthy kushi mori, shio cabbage, hama negi, yakitori (salt), ika butter and the age dashi nasu tasted delicious. A couple of us had chawan mushi and we all needed some salt. One friend did a Facebook check-in for the free shrimp and avocado tartare. Not much flavor. Overall, great dinner.
3	Last night was my second time dining at Kyara. I was so excited for my return visit and to take my husband and daughter there. We decided to go for our wedding anniversary. The food was delicious. We tried plenty of dishes such as the albacore carpaccio and agedashi tofu and a few new items such as the Gobo Chips (Fried Burdock) and Spicy Tuna dip with rice crackers. Our 3 year old ate almost the entire order of the Spicy Tuna dip. We then decided to place a second order of the Spicy Tuna dip. Either they had forgotten and didn't put the order in or it was really taking a long time to make the item. It's RAW! I have no idea because when I brought it up, the didn't seem to answer my question. The same thing happened with the ice cream. We ordered ice cream and it took a very long time. When the ice cream finally arrived, we were told the mochi I ordered wasn't available. I should have been informed right away. The communication was lacking which means the service was poor. The entire dining "experience" was TWO hours long which was unacceptable for the amount of food we ordered! And, sadly, there was a table next to us with about 5 people who are all in the restaurant business. They didn't receive their desserts and left pretty unhappy as well. So unhappy that NO tip was left by people who are also food servers!Providing good service is everything. Your food may be delicious but if you can't provide excellent service, your guests won't return. Maybe it was an off night but you're usually given only one chance to make an impression. I hope the entire team goes through some additional training to really improve their service.
3	First time I went was on a weekend, so there was about 2 parties ahead of us. When we walked in, they did not look at us or said hi to us. After waiting about 30 minutes, we were finally seated. Ordered a spicy tuna bowl combo, and it was pretty good. Only flaw was that the amount of spicy tuna they give was TINY. Second time was on a weekday, so very empty. We were seated right away. Ordered a beef teriyaki combo this time. Pretty good as well, and it was more satisfying than the spicy tuna bowl. The place is kind of pricey, but not too bad if you're ordering lunch (about $10-15/person).  Service was acceptable as well. I would definitely come back later in the year, but not something I'd eat every week or month.
4	Kyara has been on my to try list for awhile and tonight was the night I got the chance to go.  Having read many of the reviews from friends, I had some good tips to follow when dining here.I sat at the sushi bar a place I like because it's always fun to watch the chefs working their magic and you see a kitchen at work.I started by ordering three items, Gobo chips (fried burdock root), Iko Geso Age (deep fried squid tentacles), and Enoki with bacon (thin Japanese mushrooms wrapped in bacon and grilled on a skewer.)  The Gobo chips reminded me of very thin French fries with a bit different texture and a different flavor.  It's the root of the burdock so it has some of the flavor from where it grew.  The seasoning on the Gobo was excellent.Iko Geso Age, deep fried squid tentacles, were uniformly cooked and seasoned with some salt.  The squid was very flavorful and almost every bite was tender.Next was the enoki with bacon.  I think most people have seen enoki, either on TV or in the produce section of a market.  Enoki is a very thin stemmed mushroom, white in color, and in this preparation, a number of the mushrooms are gathered together something like a sheaf of wheat and carefully held together by being wrapped by the bacon and placed on a skewer.  It's then grilled.  It is a very tasty dish!This is what I like about tapas style restaurants, I've eaten three dishes, well actually four, and I still have room to try one more thing.  I asked about their mountain potato on a hot plate.  One of the chefs explained to me that it might not be pleasant to my palate that it was slimy and it had a taste that you either loved or hated at first bite.  He also said the dish was too much for one person in size.  OK, next time I go, I have to go with a group of Yelp friends.  Instead, I ordered a butabara (pork belly)  skewer with salt.  They'll do it unsalted, salted, or with salt on the side.  What tasty pork!  This is reason to return although there' still so much to explore on the menu.I mention and extra dish but didn't explain it.  When you check in on Yelp, it brings up a screen that gives you a free appetizer.  It was small and had some fish and other items.  It was a good starter and a nice perk for a check in.Dinner wouldn't be complete without dessert.  I've had my share of chocolate recently, so I went with the green tea waffle dessert.  You get two waffles, vanilla ice cream, and two small containers--one with warm honey and one with melted butter.  I used a bit of the butter and only a small amount of the honey.  The dessert was very good.  And as one person's review stated, it is very filling.Service was great.  I was there when Kyara opened so there wasn't a crowd there.  I was served twice by one of two servers and I received some of the other dishes over the bar from one of the chefs.  They allowed me to stand and peer over the side of the counter so I could see them making sushi and one of the chefs was trying a new dressing for a salad.  Dinner was very tasty, service was excellent, and I will be back.
3	A-OK. Wasn't blown away but the food is good. The costs added up quickly. The free special appetizer was funny because it was just a mini cheese triangle that was sort of heated. Ika butter is good.
4	I am in love with this place. I'm actually just partial to any place that serves Japanese tapas but it's not about that...4 stars because I'm not completely in love with everything that I order and that it's really dark so I can't see what I'm eating half the time.Gobo chips: I think this is deep-fried burdock root seasoned with salt and pepper. This was my first time trying something like this so 5/5 because I liked it instantly. Simple and I really like the texture of it.Yuzu chili salmon salad: So delicious! I get this every single time I order. In love with the sauce and the freshness of the salmon and salad together. 5/5Enoki bacon: Bacon-wrapped anything is just a good idea in my book. This even more so because I love enoki mushrooms. 5/5Mini udon: Not very special or unique. Tasted like most regular udon soup bases but still yummy. The only thing that really stood out and made it a little better were the noodles. They were smaller than regular udon noodles but not too thin and still firm. 4/5Green tea waffles: Don't really remember what it tasted like but I do remember being really satisfied. 4/5Garlic potatoes: Not that special either but I think because of them being bite-sized, seasoned, and deep-fried it makes it addicting. 3/5Eggplant: I loved this! Good sauce and very yummy. Just very oily and was a tiny bit harder to eat because you scrape it off the skin. 4.5/5Salmon onigiri: plain and kind of blah. 1.5/5Overall, I love it here.
5	This place is an authentic excellent Japanese izakaya.The foods are fantastic. It's at the same level as what I can have in Tokyo. Every food tastes perfect. I'll come back again when I go down to Las Vegas next time.
5	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Nothing.LIKE  The desserts. The skewers (especially the chicken breast "sasami" and the tsukune with a cage-free egg). The niku jaga stew. The diced cut steak. The seafood egg custard. The friendly servers. The overall setup. Open late.LOVE  The gyu shabu salad. The lunch specials. The $2.80/$3.80 menu items. The close proximity to where I live.
4	Enjoyed my first time here. The staffs are friendly. Even though they are really short and tht the wait is a little longer. They are very straight forward w/ it. They also kept apologizing for the wait. The food is superb love the  beef tataki Will def come back.
4	After starting the INSANITY workout, Monkey ready to EAT!!!  Trying with all my might to stay on track with more protein and less cake...  I think I fared well.  Great place to try a little of everything on the menu without going overboard on something you end up regretting... like the veggie skewers!  $6.80. GRILLED SQUID$5.80. SEARED MACKEREL (cold)$1.50. ASPARAGUS SKEWER$1.50. EGGPLANT SKEWER$3.80. MINI UDON$1.80. CHICKEN THIGH SKEWERSure, the veggies were only a buck fifty a skewer, but when all you taste is salt... yuck.  The asparagus were a joke.  How fast can you spit out a salt lick?  Lesson learned.  Seared Mackerel was the dessert!  Fantastic!  Whole Grilled Squid with that mustard, awesome!  Chicken Thigh skewer vanished in a blip and the Mini Udon supplied the needed carbs to feel full.  Not really, but with a little concentration and a bottle of water on the ride home, Monkey felt satisfied and the wallet concurred. Don't think that I didn't read that dessert page over and over again...  I did.  Monkey do.  I shall return with my wife so that we can share a dessert.
5	Impeccable service. Awesome ambiance. Amazing food.
4	tip: great alternative to IchizaHamachi kama was the standard fare, kinda on the small side, nothing really special.  What's special is the soft shell crab.  Deep fried to perfection, can eat the entire thing shells and all, absolute must try.  Grilled whole squid was a bit of its guts inside it which was neither good or bad.  beef tongue was too thin and not seasoned enough, I've had better @ Yokohama in SD, chicken skin was nice and fatty, okra was not too charred which is simple and good, Hamachi carpaccio was okay.  tofu soup was a total ripoff.
4	Kyara is still a good tasting place. Service has taken a dump and the robata cooks need a fire under theyre ass, too slow and under seasoned.
5	Was introduced to this place by a couple of friends and I was not disappointed. Their lunch menu was wonderful and the prices were reasonable with the size portions. Each lunch has a main dish of your choice, salad, miso soup, tempura shrimp and vegetables. I left feeling pretty satisfied. Sometimes they have specials ask the server.
5	It's sad that I didn't give Kyara a try earlier, as it is merely a few minutes from where I live. Japanese Tapas has always been a little intimidating to me, as I don't really know what I'm ordering a lot of the time. I've been missing out -The food at Kyara is excellent, as far as I can tell. There is time and effort put into a lot of their dishes, along with quality ingredients. I've now tried nearly a dozen of their different items, though there are still many more to be tried. My favorite at this point was a simple chicken and rice bowl called Tori Meshi. Uncomplicated to say the least, but still very delicious.The Chicken Garlic Ponzu is also truly tasty. It has strong flavors that jump out at you, but is unique enough that it is intriguing. Another excellent dish was the Yuzu Chili Salmon Salad. The salmon is very lightly seared and the texture of the dish is amazing, as well as the presentation.Some other highlights so far have been the deep fried cheese, which while straight forward, was tasty and had some nice variety of cheese. Their pork belly skewer is average, while the Negi Ma (chicken and green onion)  skewer was very tasty. The sasami (chicken breast) was not as good, as it really was just a piece of chicken on a skewer. I also tried the bacon mochi skewer, which, while interesting, wasn't necessarily that strong of a combination.I would probably pass on the potato salad, which really was just that, and the Niku Jaga was good but also just seemed like sukiyaki. Still, there are many dishes that I would like to try.It is definitely worth noting that their desserts are extremely good and priced very cheaply, in my opinion. The Yuzu Fromage Mousse is really quite amazing, as is the Green Tea Waffle, which is enough for 3-4 people and only costs around 5 dollars.Service here is a little on the slow side, which is really my only knock on the place. A table was ready and we were asked to sit for a good 5 minutes for no real reason other than they had some trouble keeping up with the crowd. I'm not sure if that's a normal situation, or if they are short one or two servers during the busy hours.All in all, Kyara is a very good and reasonably priced option for those desiring to try a multitude of Japanese-influenced flavors, and I see myself returning here many times for it's convenience to my location as well as its excellent food.
3	good lunch deals $10pork katsu meal with salad, rice, soup, tempurasashimi plate $10 - salmon, tuna, yellowtail 4 slices each, fresh
3	Had this one on the list for a while and decided go give it a try place is nice and intimate. The sushi was a little to saucy for my taste and the cooked food was way too salty per kieth a. Review. I would not be going there again.
5	Kyara never fails to hit the spot.  I come here because the food is consistently good and the service is really friendly too.  Matsumoto (Matsu) is an absolute pleasure, and I always enjoy our mild interactions at the bar.  Fun tapas menu with much too offer at extremely reasonable prices.  I enjoy the menu because it really gives you the opportunity to try a little bit of everything without getting too full. Grilled, sushi rolls, sashimi, soup, etc.  Whatever you feel like having, they'll have! Open til 2am, they offer lunch as well, and a little HH menu towards the end of the night.  Come check them out.
5	Love it here. Love the sushi's and their tapas.. They also have a nice and clean bathroom. Servers are nice and courteous.
5	Amazing dishes, Japanese tapas, great for sharing. Staff was very enthusiastic and attentive. They have a small plate menu; I recommend ordering one if everything, especially if there are two of you. Fun flavor make for great conversation. Will be making this a regular dinner spot.
5	Oolong Cocktail, Orange Juice CocktailYamaimo Somen - Mountain potato somen noodleCheese no Tempura - Cheese Tempura with Fig JamAge dashi Mochi - Deep fried Mochi with special sauceIka Maru - Grilled whole squidYamaimo Teppan - Mountain potato on hot plate with Ponzu sauceKaisen Chawanmushi - Steamed Egg Custard with SeafoodKawa - Chicken skin / Butabara - Pork BellyTofu Mousse - Homemade Vanilla Tofu Mousse, Strawberry SorbetGreen Tea Waffle - Green tea waffles with Vanilla Ice cream, Butter, and HoneyAdmittedly a bit perplexed by the subtitle "Japanese Tapas" as opposed to Izakaya, Kyara had been a longtime member of my 'to-visit' list when a friend and I decided to pay them a visit on Saturday evening and arriving just after 7:00pm to a restaurant recently named "Ethnic restaurant of the year" by Desert Companion the first surprise of many that evening was in fact the space itself, devoid of all other diners leaving us a corner seat at the bar and no less than three waiters to cater to our needs.  Featuring an extensive menu of Japanese classics arranged under headings such as grilled, steamed, and fried plus a handful of daily specials as Chef Komada watched over a team of four in the open kitchen it was with an eye toward variety that we placed our order and with a complimentary cocktail to begin nearly every one of our nine items proved excellent, particularly considering a total bill inclusive of tip less than $30 per person.  Starting first with cold selections and then proceeding through those grilled and hot it was with impeccable skill that traditional options like robatayaki, grilled squid, and chawanmushi shined but far more interesting and thus more impressive were items trending toward esoteric, both the hot and cold mountain potato dishes absolute show stoppers in terms of texture and flavor while tempura selections proved innovative and light.  Moving on to dessert, a decision left in my hands, a selection two sweets arrived and while the tofu mousse was admittedly quite light the general lack of flavor proved rather underwhelming in its own regard and all the more so next to a pair of crispy yet supple matcha spiked waffles topped with a hefty scoop of vanilla ice cream and sidecars of liquid butter and honey, the end effect every bit as delicious as the Honey Toast at Ichiza or Serenade but with a slight bitter undertone adding a touch of intrigue, an upgrade on a classic that seems to typify much of the restaurant's cuisine and all the more reason to come back soon.
3	Pretty weak experience here.  Food is all bland and boring.  Spend $100 for two people here and I cant really remember what it went to.  The yellowtail collar was dry and bland.  The chowanmushi was good...uni too.  Service is good here I must say though, but wen only went here because ichiza was packed.
2	We showed up for dinner at 6 and was seated fairly promptly.  Turns out their sister establishment was having an anniversary party so they were out of a ton of stuff.  Uh what?  Why don't you prep for this rather than run out of stuff.Ran out of chawan mushi.  Had to reserve one of the last two tofu mousses.  About half of the things we wanted weren't available.  The Yelp check-in deal is no longer valid. They now offer one of three free drinks for a check-in on any mobile platform (Facebook, Foursquare, etc.). I got the tea version. It was horrible. Tasted like grape cough syrup. No wonder they give it away for free.  Ok now that I've got the bad out of the way.The chicken skin skewer was very good.  Heck the table next to us ordered like 15 of them.  I imagine that'd be delicious if I didn't think too closely about the fact that I'm eating 15 skewers of chicken skin.  The eggplant and meat sauce was also good, but maybe a bit pricy for what it was (like mabo tofu).  While they might have some good items it was overall a poor experience.  The pork belly was also pretty decent.  They had the aji two ways which was so so.  When it comes two ways it comes as sashimi and nigiri.  They had a nice presentation where the fish skeleton was skewered to look like it was swimming, but they didn't fry it up for us.  It's nice that they have hamachi kama there (I really like the collar bone), but it was a bit overcooked so a bit disappointed.  With all the food around Vegas I think I'm going to explore elsewhere next time.
5	Love this Japanese tapas (izakaya style) restaurant! I've been here twice now and both times it wasn't packed so that was nice- no waiting. The servers are friendly and comes around frequently to fill your water or make sure you're doing okay. It's a great place to order a little bit of everything and share! Other than the yakitori (skewered chicken) orders, the portions are pretty big. There's a lot to choose from too. But try to order it all in the beginning so you won't have to wait too long.The korokoro steak is a must order! It's delicious~ I ordered it for myself thinking it was going to be small since it's a tapas place but I was not able to finish it by myself. They have a good selection on drinks as well! There's plenty of parking in front of the restaurant!
5	I try and go here once a month and the food is always great. The restaurant is pretty small but very cozy. They have a great happy hour and their small appetizers always hit the spot. If your planning on coming during the weekend make sure you make an appointment otherwise there may be a short wait. The service is great and always leave with a smile. Try it out.. you guys wont be dissapointed.
5	Dont listen to crap ass yelpers... Place is da' bomb... Sit at bar and get the real.... Secret oyster shooters r unbelievable... Tired of people on the web trashing good spots because they r used to chilis & applebees.... Maybe u should all know how to order food & act correctly in a place that has some of the best chefs & staff & unstuff that napkin in ur ass & open ur mind.... Been here 10 times & never a negative experience.... U dont like kyara then dont come back.... By me & wifeys house & wont miss u fools!!! Love u kyara!!!!
5	I love this place! This is definitely one of my favorite Vegas restaurants.  There's such a great variety of modern Japanese tapas on the menu.  The food is always so tasty.  My favorites are the grilled rice ball with salmon, mountain potato on a hot place, Cabbage with Rayu, chicken and onion skewer and Seared Mackerel with yuzu ponzu sauce. The smoky ume is lovely.  Check in on Facebook and show your server your phone to receive a free drink with cassis.  The service here is always good.  It's funny how the server reads your order to you.. but he/she says the Japanese names and you have no clue if it's right.. so you just nod your head!!
5	Love this place!! Get the GTR roll...chicken skins...pork belly soup...and the best oyster shooters I have ever had!! The service is always a A+!! Will always be back :)
4	I've only tried their lunch specials and you get so much for what you pay for. I love their sashimi special includes salmon, tuna, and hamachi along with miso soup, tempura, and house salad.The spicy tuna bowl is alright if you like minced tuna, the texture is very weird after so many bites.I really wanna try their dinner menu. Will come back for that.
5	I got a free special check-in drink. Great! :)Service was excellent, great atmosphere, all food we order was super.
3	I've been here before...good food ...but the consistency needs improvement...service was mediocre...still like this place cause it is close to the house...maybe Jose's bandana is covering his eyes when he's cooking!!
5	Absolutely everything we had was delicious! (Sorry I don't remember the authentic names) Tuna salad, salmon salad, garlic chicken, Kobe tataki, bacon asparagus, shiitake mushrooms, Lisa Lisa roll, green tea syrup ice cream, chocolate brownie and ice cream. The service was excellent. The decor is subtle and unique. I think I'm a little too big for the seats, so they were a little uncomfortable for me. I will be telling all of my friends about Kyara!
5	I'm just so excited I found this place and so close to me. There's so much to rant about and say I'm just going to say 100 stars if I could!!! Everything I mean everything we had was amazing. I checked in and got a free cocktail how cool is that! Definitely one of my new top 10 favorite spots.
3	Delicious food....everything we ordered was very tasty. Very kid friendly our waitress brought our son a kids bowl fork and spoon which I thought was cool. If I was rating on food alone they would get 5 stars no problem. The atmosphere was like any typical Japanese restaurant here in the states. The reason I dropped them 2 stars is because of the service. We were seated right away because we were the 2nd group of people there when they opened for dinner at 5, this was our first time there so we needed a little time with the menu. Once we finally ordered our waitress brought out our food and that was the last we saw of her. We had to get up to get our own soy sauce and napkins and when we were done eating we sat there for about 10 minutes when someone came to clear the table, about 5 minutes later our waitress finally came by and brought our check and took another 5-10 minutes for her to come back and take my payment. I would probably try this place again but would probably go on a weekday for lunch if I do.
4	This place never disappoints! I haven't found another Japanese restaurant in Vegas like it. Sometimes you get tired of the plain ol' sushi menus at other restaurants ... Kyara offers a large selection of tapas at a great price. So good. The YELP coupon wasn't what was advertised (free appetizer turned into a free mango drink)? Hmm. Oh well. Parking can be a bit of a challenge at peak hours, with the new coffee Cafe that opened up next door. I will be back.
2	So here is a small restaurant that serves good food but their service is horrendous. You can walk into a restaurant full of empty tables and the servers will run around and pass you 6x while you stand at the door and not even bother to greet or seat you. Craziness. If you're trying to stick to your lunch schedule you're screwed.I stopped coming to the restaurant for 2 reasons, bad service and they don't serve Coke. I started going to a restaurant up the street. However I decided to give them another chance today.... Again I waited at the door 10mins while they ran around, when I was finally seated I asked for a glass of ice because this time I brought my Diet Coke.  Can you believe the waitress that passed me at the door 4x had the audacity to tell me I couldn't bring an outside drink per their "House Rules". I had to laugh because that was the most outrageous thing I have ever heard. First time  hear a restaurant say that. I looked at her and proceeded to order my meal because I had no time to go to another place. Big after today's fiasco I'll stick to SoHo down the street. They have great food, great service and no "house rules" nonsense. SMH.
5	If I have to pick one thing that made me feel good about moving from San Francisco to Las Vegas, it's the higher standard of Japanese restaurants, Kyara being among the top.Kyara is an authentic, high quality, yet inexpensive izakaya. I would say this place is one of the best Japanese restaurants in Las Vegas. Everything you eat at Kyara, it's a delight, guaranteed.Thank you Kyara, I'll return the favor by visiting often.
4	It's been a LONG time since I was last here and those times it was for dinner. First time coming for lunch.Got the lunch special, spicy salmon. You get: tempura, miso soup, salad, and your item. For about $10, what I got was super worth it. I don't eat much at once as it is so the portion size was pretty perfect for me.Check in on yelp for an extra something. You could get a cocktail item or ice cream as your dessert item.Never had a problem with their service. It was just hard to understand my server so I just nodded along and that's how I found out my check-in item was ice cream :b. The table next to me, the guy asked about the types of beer they had and he couldn't understand the server at all so he ended up ordering water, haha.Overall, the location is great for me and I will be back for brunch once again :0).
5	Fresh food with great service.
4	It was my second visit at kyara. Honestly, it wasnt good at first time but I saw good riviews after and went back. Well, skewers were just so-so. Its little bit disappointed comparing ichiza. But sushi roll and mini udon, greentea afogato dessert!!!!!!! were really good!  And the service was way better than ichiza. This is good place to go for simple meal not too heavy. I will come back ;)
2	This place has received so many good reviews I just have to assume I either came on an off night or ordered all the wrong things.  However, nothing I ate stood out and a few of the items were mediocre.  After having a few small plates, I was still hungry so I ordered the koro koro steak.  It didn't have a great sear on it and the flavor wasn't very pleasant.  I left most on the plate and ended up snacking later when I got home.
5	Do try this if you like Japanese Izakaya. If you have friends who are afraid of raw fish, izakayas are a good place to grab a drink, get a bit of sushi and still have lots of cooked items on the menu. This place is bit more formal than some Izakaya restaurants, and the items seem a bit smaller and a bit more pricy than some izakayas. But you are paying for good service and quality food. Arrived at 5:05 on a Saturday. Promptly greeted and seated. Drinks and appetizers came right away while we compiled our list of small plates from the large menu. Ordered the big eye tuna sashimi, salmon sashimi, yakitori (grilled chicken skewers) grilled beef tongue, donburi and chicken karage (seasoned fried chicken tenders) and some other rice bowls. A few notable items for our order: The tuna sashimi was great and served over ice (Gaijin friendly) which I appreciated as it made it seem market fresh. I should mention, the size of the sashimi pieces are about half what you would find in Japan, LA or NY but this is the middle of the desert, a feat of modern technology getting fresh fish here. The big eye tuna sashimi was well worth the price. The beef tongue was not great, but perhaps this is subjective, for me it always seems just OK. Loved the yakitori (grilled chicken skewers) and the karage (seasoned fried chicken). We had the macha waffle ala-mode (green tea flavored waffle with a scoop of vanilla ice cream) comes with real maple syrup and warm butter. This place works well for dates, small groups or if you just want more quite and relaxed izakaya experience.
5	If you come early for lunch, you will have the better experience.  It gets busy and service slows down during the lunch rush. Otherwise, this place is wonderful.  Their lunch specials are very good and worth the price.  You get a lot for the money. One of my favs for lunch!
4	I really like how there's happy hour between 12am - 2am, perfect for a late night grub!
3	Most interesting and entertaining establishment. You are greeted in and out quite vocally by the chefs and staff. The food was good, and the pricing was even better. Watching the chefs from the bar is a hoot! Tried both sashimi and the fried dishes and most were really good, but not all that memorable. They did have Japanese Scotch, and that was a pleasant adventure. Would I return? Yes, but not my first choice.
5	Japanese tapas at its finest! Onigiri, buta-bara, sasami, negima, chazuke and Hamachi Kama!!!!! These are just to name a few of top selections here!!! They also have bomb ass sushi.... The staff here is friendly and always willing to answer your questions about the menu. I love the atmosphere and the see through window into the kitchen if you sit at the bar. Check this place out if you want some authentic Japanese food (tapas) any way!
5	Great lunch specials. Fish was very fresh, and most of the clientele were Japanese, which is the first thing I look for in my sushi places. Get the bento lunch, $10 for a big meal!
3	Japanese server was nice, but I wanted my free appetizer. Instead they gave an orange cocktail which I didn't like at all. The katsu was very moist, the portion was great totally worth $10, lunch special came with salad, miso soup, tempura and main course which was DELICIOUS!
4	Came here for lunch (FINALLY... been wanting to try it for so long D:) with a friend who comes here quite often for lunch. Decor and design... fairly sectioned off. Upon entry, you are in a little room, with a waiting area. Passed that, will be the centralized bar and kitchen. To the right and left, are sectioned rooms with a few tables in each. Decor was, i guess traditional japanese? Lots of wooden accents and decor. Due to the lack of available small tables, we were seated at the bar. Their lunch  menu is pretty decent sized and priced really well ranging around $6 for lunch bowls, $7 for noodle, and $10 for combinations. Spicy Salmon Bowl (Combination with Rice, Soup, Salad, and Tempura) - $9.95 - For this combination, you get a small bowl of rice, topped with chopped spicy salmon mixed with masago (that was a surprise to me. adds a nice texture !). Soup is a standard bowl of miso soup. Small salad with dressing on the side (nice little detail for those who prefer less or more dressing, can be adjusted themselves). The tempura size was a little surprising. If anything, this is a full order of tempura. 2 shrimps, and a few veggies. For the amount of food you get at the price of $9.95, its a great deal if you are in the area. I'm actually craving for this while i write this review... so sad ! its 4:45am too !
5	So much I can say about this place. It's entry from outside seems small and unnoticeable being next to Tropical Smoothie. However, you step in to a small comfortable "waiting area" with walls decorated with recognition awards and articles from local papers. Good impression so far. Without waiting long, a host/hostess seated my party of 8. We immediately get greeted by everyone in the kitchen which is pretty cool. Hmm, getting better.Eight people. Eight hungry bellies. We ordered so much that I don't even remember the names. We got the $14 special sushis on the sushi menu, mini bowls of udon, hamachi collar, garlic ponzu chicken, pork belly skewers, salmon skin salad, salmon sashimi bowl, hamachi with jalepeno, a chicken rice bowl from the "Favorites" menu, tofu mousse, matcha green tea ice cream, green tea waffles, and some others. Let me say- DELICIOUS. Every dish had its own distinctive flavor. It never crossed my mind that anything was too sour or too salty or too acidic. The dishes were well balanced. Every dish with fish was fresh. The hamachi jalepeno and tuna carpaccio almost melted in my mouth. The sushi had the same kick with small amount of rice to hold it together. The one with spicy tuna with the picture on the bottom of that menu was my favorite.Next to my group were others enjoying themselves- men drinking and eating skewers, laughing loudly together, a group of women dressed up for a girl's night out, couples on the other side of the restaurant on dates. Izakaya is meant to be a bar with small plates to socialize. The service was great; I noticed that one employee was set aside to watch my dining area for water and tea refills. Empty plates never stayed on table for long. For the variety of foods, service, and quality, this place I'm in love. It is really worth the splurge.
5	Came here for lunch the other day and was fully satisfied with my meal. For about $10 I ordered the spicy  tuna rice bowl, and for the combination it came with a bowl of miso soup, a salad, and a variety of tempura. Everything was pretty much on point-- the soup was flavorful and had a balanced saltiness, the salad came with a sweet ginger dressing on the side which was a nice touch, and the tempura was fresh and crispy. I especially liked that there was kabocha (Japanese pumpkin) tempura along with sweet potato and asparagus. The spicy tuna itself was pretty good, however there was a bit of sweetness to it which was a bit strange for my taste. My dad ordered sashimi in the combination meal and he said that the fish was fresh.Overall I was pleasantly full, and it was a great deal for the price. Service was good as well, as someone was always there to refill my cup of tea. I definitely want to come back again for lunch and for dinner as well!--------------------------------------------Update: Came back here for dinner for the first time and it was even better! Everything we ordered was delicious in its own way. Two dishes that stood out to me were the  agedashi nasu (like agetashi tofu but with eggplant), and the Roppongi sushi roll. The Roppongi roll was kind of a surprise because it was described as "spicy tuna roll with tuna on top" on the menu but had an amazing sauce-- I think were was sesame and probably mayo. The fish was fresh and the service was as good as the other times-- plates were cleared up quickly and all the servers were friendly.
5	This place is great! Check out my tips for some of the dishes I've tried. Next time I'm trying the Koro Koro Steak. Saw it prepared and it looked amazing. The stuffed shishito peppers and garlic shrimp are dope. Make a reservation.
5	Fantastic fresh Japanese food. The quality of the dishes here are amazing and the prices are reasonable. The variety of food here is plentiful and worth coming back for time and time again.
4	They were one of the first in Vegas (that I can recall) to do Japanese tapas/small plates. Food here is good, but the restaurant is small so there is often a wait, even on weeknights.I like the ika butter, pork kim chee, koro koro steak and ochazuke. Because they're small portions, you need to order a few things (if hungry), but it tends to add up. Our average check for 2 people, no alcohol, is usually around $50-$60.However, my favorite item to get here is probably their macha/green tea waffle with ice cream and honey for dessert. Different and delicious!
4	For Lunch.  I am a native of the cuisine.  First time I went to lunch ate Sashimi combo.  I was so satisfied with the price and food.  Second was for dinner and drink a lot.  Food was nice, but price is also a lot more than other cuisines just like other Japanese restaurant.  Third time today, I went for lunch and had special Negitoro-don combo.  I am so DISappointed of Negitoro-don as I will never have it again. Today was so busy and crowded.  The server had never showed up to ask us we were doing ok or not.  Neither for another cup of tea or a desert.  Actually, I felt she was pushing us to leave as soon as possible.  Next time, I should go there a bit later time, so hopefully less busy....
5	Great service very informative and great tasting food.  Open late night is definitely a plus!
4	I don't know how many times I have been there. I love their lunch time. Because the quality is excellent and price is so reasonable. I would give 5 stars, but their chairs are not comfortable! Too bad something so easy would cost them a star. Maybe they'll read this review and get better chairs. lol
4	Delicious, is all I can say....this place is very welcoming with amazingly great service! All around great place to eat and catch up with friends.
5	I am very familiar with their sister location on Durango, as everyone knows. This establishment is close to my office. The other location is closer to home. I recommend both. They are both outstanding. Jiro dreams of Sushi, and so do I. Every night.
5	My new Favorite Sushi place in town.
3	I love Japanese food and trying out new restaurants around Las Vegas and Los Angeles. With their reviews being 4/5 stars that had to be decent! When we came in the server was nice and greeted us and sat us down. When we looked at their drink menu we noticed it looked just like Naked fish's menu and come to find out they're are the same company. I love naked fish too. OKAY. So we order the usual foods: Fried shrimp Chicken karaageClams with sakeChicken with ponzu Fried Ramen noodlesSunomonoEbiyako ( I think I spelled it wrong) Beef tongueWell everything was honestly okay. The clams and soup was very bland. The noodles were really salty but savory. The only thing that was really bad was the shrimp balls (Ebiyako). When we ordered it we thought it was shrimp balls because the waitress said shrimp in a ball. When you bite into it, it's a really chewy like a rice ball with a potato feel to it. I don't know me and my boyfriend didn't like it at all. But the server was nice enough to take it back and exchange for something else! Overall, the service was good and the food was mehhhhh.
5	This restaurant is amazing! Whatever you get to eat here is going to taste yummy! Also you receive a very nice welcome and goodby when you come and go. Service is great and the staff are friendly and tentative. My favourite drink is the Kiwi Chu with fresh kiwi.
5	I love Japanese food and this place is bomb.com!!! We ate the chicken karage, ika karage, two sushi rolls, takoyaki, and green tea waffle! everything was amazingly delicious and I would definitely eat here again!
4	Ok, ok ... so a few months ago I came and I was pissed with this place because they didn't have coke, but guess what. Now they do so i'm a happy camper. Sometimes its the little things that matter and make your dining experience better.  No more waiting at the door.  It seems they now acknowledge everybody that walks through the door and will immediately seat you.  I've been a regular ever since. Great  lunch specials, and in my opinion best tempura in town.  Did i mention great lunch specials?  Very filing Soup, Salad, Rice, tempura and Sashimi. Perfect. Since i've become a regular, I love the fact that I walk in and they know exactly what I'm going to have. Friendly service, and quick check out process. I've only been here for lunch so I don't know what dinner is like but I'll try it when I work late one night.Thank you for making my lunch experience so amazing.
3	Food was good but the service not that great. Waitresses aren't that approachable nor friendly. Waited for my water for about 5-7mins but the food was right on time. Would I go back? Maybe :D I haven't been there during diner time So I would probably go back
5	I come here for lunch almost everyday with my coworkers since we work right down the street. The service is fast and wonderful and the staff always give us a warm hello and goodbye. The food here is amazing and fair priced, I suggest that you bring down your friends and family for some tasty food!
1	Ugh hate this place now! Such a horrible service.. I always go here and I always tip 20% or sometimes maybe even more and tonight's service sucked and it didn't even look busy. I came in told them my order right up front and I waited for an hour! Not exaggerating. The guy next to me ordered ten minutes AFTER I ordered and he got his food before me. People who came in AFTER me got their food BEFORE me. As much as I love their sushi, never coming here again. Just freaking ruined my night....
5	I found Kyara since it was closer to work than Naked Fish, and was immediately sold on the concept of Japanese tapas.  They have the roppongi roll I'm addicted to, and a very extensive menu. We got their pork kimchi stir fry, unagi kabayaki, tori kara age, a couple rolls, and they have a maccha waffle.  I shouldn't be eating this, but I did, and I regret nothing! It's a maccha waffle with vanilla ice cream and strawberry sorbet, served with syrup and butter.  This is one of the best desserts I've ever had anywhere at anytime.
4	Great place get the Beef Tongue Stew whenever they have it.
5	This place was great. I have nothing to complain about. Happy hour menu, great service, great food. That's all I'm really looking for when I go out to eat. I wish I snapped some pictures of my food! Open late, great place to stop and get a bite late at night!
4	Visited Kyara on a Saturday night. Usually I had to wait long time to get seated; however, we were seated right away this time.We ordered plum wine (choya), pork kimchi, ika butter, pork fried rice, and ramen. I have been there for more than 10 times, but the consistency of the food is absent most of the times. The noodles for the ramen tasted bad and kind of puffy. Some servers are friendly and attentive. Some need more training on customer service. I would rate Kyara better than Ichiza, but I still do think they have room for improvement in order to satisfy more customers.
5	My family is in love with Kyara. We live in Utah and come to Las Vegas 2-3 times a year. Ever since a couple years ago, we have been coming to Kyara at least once each trip. It never gets old! The only thing I would recommend is putting Tororo Udon on the menu. (My favorite Japanese dish!) Love this place and hope that they continue to flourish in business!
4	Good food nice atmosphere good service. Highlights are the tempura cheese yumm, DeJa Vu roll yumm, salmon arugula salad yumm, corn on cob glazed yumm.  Lowlights were jumbo oyster was too big and fishy smell n taste, spicy tuna and chips were bland, needed a drizzle of something over to add flavor. Great meal we will be back!
5	I've been here a handful of times now, and each visit, the food is always as good as I remembered from previous visits. Koro Koro Steak, Kaisen Chawanmushi (my favorite!), and Hamachi Kama are staples on my order. The staff is a mix of really friendly people and those that are kind of just "meh", but no one was rude or anything. They were either really nice or "nice enough". Kyara's vibe is busy but still cozy enough for you to have relaxed conversations with your company.Bottomline, I'll keep coming back. It's a really good place to catch up with a friend (or two) over really good Japanese tapas.
5	Great late night atmosphere and the food is delicious and prepared right in front of you at the bar.The owner also owns Naked Fish's Sushi and Grill so I expected the same great quality, and boy -  I WAS NOT disappointed! Everything was great!Also, the Interior is really well done and cozy.I will be back, Kanpai! ^_^
4	The best 4 star place I know of, Kyara has plethora of great items...really, really great items!What they are:One of the best options in town for Japanese Tapas / Izakaya.What they aren't:The best sushi spot in the southwestA high-end Izakaya joint...although the value you get here is something special!My favorites include:Yuzu Chili Salmon w/ ArugulaCabbage Ra-Yu--this is one of the tastiest raw cabbage dishes I've encountered!Inaniwa UdonHealthy Kushi Mori (Bonus tip--we always keep the Ra-Yu oil left over from the cabbage and used it to dress these veggies.)I always make a point to check out their monthly specials as many of these items have been quite good.  They recently had a Tomato Nabe that was UNBELIEVABLY GOOD!  Another of my favorites was a Stuffed Shishito Pepper they were doing for a while.Lots of friends are really into their lunch specials, but I don't ever make it in for lunch.  I am all about their small plates and skewers! I wouldn't argue with anyone that wanted to give Kyara 5 stars.  I just think that they are not as good as it gets on multiple items that they serve.In closing, please note that Japan has over 50,000 people who are over 100years old...widespread debate abounds as to the reason why.  Most assume that it is due to the use of toilet slippers to keep the rest of the house clean. Others point to Kancho on the playground, KFC on Christmas Eve, Yaeba, or Inemuri.  I have scientifically eliminated these ideas and narrowed it down to two possibilities: Soine-ya & Hadaka Matsuri.  I'll let you come up with your own conclusion though.
5	If you wanna experience Japanese beer house, it doesnt get better than this. 10 pm onwards, happy hour. Order every food item. Dont rush, eat slowly. Gobo chips, squid, Tuna don and more. I've been here a few times already and havent tried sushi yet:))))
4	Kyara is a pretty awesome restaurant. Over the years of attending this place, there has been a consistently solid experience from a service, food, and ambiance standpoint. I would chose this spot over any other yakitori in the valley (still haven't tried Raku). I personally like the location of Kyara. Sometimes, SMR can get overwhelming. That's why I like being away from the hustle and the bustle, occasionally. The inside is small, but very intimate, with lots of Japanese aesthetics going from wall to wall. The open kitchen is immaculate, and due to great ventilation, you can hardly smell the meat wafting through the air.The main reason to come here is for the yakitori, or "meat on a stick". But not really because they also have a wide variety of items that they skewer, such as, vegetables, poultry, seafood, etc. I think what separates this place from other similar locations is due to the smokiness of the cooked items. Kyara does a great job of imparting that flavor onto them. They use high quality and fresh items, and you can really tell while savoring the food. They also carry other items such as appetizers and entrees, which most of them are very good as well. I particularly like the takoyaki balls.One of my favorite spots, I like about 90% of the things I've enjoyed here. I think the skewers are a good deal, but, I do hope they bring back their $1 skewer nights, that was the shiznit! This spot gets 4.5 stars from me.
5	The tapas are delicious and the service is good. I've gone there twice and have had good consistent service and quality food.
4	This place is great! Such a varied selection of robata items and Japanese style tapas! It's open late which is perfect for me but they don't let you do Togo orders in the evening which is a bummer.
5	Excellent food.  We tried a roll, skewers and fried rice- all very tasty with good prices and very friendly.
4	***Highlights***: ANOTHER GUILTY PLEASURE! But you have to like Japanese Japanese food. QUALITY, not Quantity. Love their late night hours. Negatives: The only negative I can think of is that the food comes out in no particular order. But then again, this is really they only way they can maintain that authentic great quality of their food. Price/Food: Food is amazing. As clean and traditional as you are really going to get in Las Vegas. Fresh Fish, Salted Skewers, and my favorite Ume Ochazuke. Remember this is Tapa style eating though. That bill will run up quickly. I have easily spend $65 on 2 people, not even including drinks.Service/Ambiance: This place is really cozy and small. Great to catch up with friends, have a first date, or even to just eat alone. I love that I can sit down by myself, or sit at the sushi bar, and have a quality meal at 1am without feeling like a weirdo. NOT FOR KIDS! Not because they are not accommodating of children or anything.. but why spend $10 on your 2 year old. I love the sophisticated adult atmosphere, lets keep it that way.
3	This place probably would've been a disaster... We walked in and we're kind of tossed aside by the man who greeted us. He then quoted us a 30 minute wait (which obviously I understand) but when we began to wait longer, I asked if we could move one of the stools from the waiting area next to the empty stool at the bar and enjoy our dinner there. He said no and could not explain why.Then, Angelica came and fixed everything. She apologized for our wait, took my suggestion about the stool, and brought us a comped orange juice for are trouble. She was great and changed our whole experience :)
4	I came here with a friend for a quick lunch. Their lunch hours are 11-330pm? anyways, its really easy to find - its right next to sambalatte.They have an arrangement for lunch specials. They have individual sides or u can get boxes where it comes with rice, miso soup, tempura, and whatever main dish u ordered. My friend had gotten a sushi roll. This wasn't on the lunch special menu. They don't have all the rolls they would have on the dinner menu, only a portion. The price they offer for the roll during lunch time however is the same as the dinner price. The miso salmon is really good! They glaze the salmon with light miso sauce and the portion of the fish is good too. You can ask for brown rice instead of the white rice- no extra charge.The only reason I gave four stars instead of five is because they didn't have curry katsu. They had Japanese curry rice as an option and katsu as an option- but not together. I thought it was odd that a Japanese place didn't have the combination of both. I'm not sure if the dinner has it or not, but the lunch menu sure didn't. And if you wanted it, you have to order BOTH dishes so you would end up getting charged basically double. Booooo
5	The other day I was asked the million dollar question, "What is your all-time favorite restaurant in Vegas?" That's a pretty loaded question but my answer was, "If we're talking Japanese, and especially during the lunch hour, KYARA HANDS DOWN."How I haven't written a review for Kyara yet is beyond me. I'm here almost once every two weeks because lucky me, my office is only around the corner. Honestly, every chance I get to have lunch with a friend or a coworker, I instantly recommend we eat at Kyara and why not? Subway sandwich for $6 or Kyara meal for $10 that includes salad, soup, tempura, rice, and your main item? Seriously.. you get all those items with anything you order during lunch which is 11AM to 3PM I believe. They have several options to choose from - chicken teriyaki, sashimi, sushi, miso salmon, saba shio (mackeral), soba (buckwheat noodles), salmon don, spicy tuna don, etc.For awhile I was only coming here for lunch because it was just such a good deal but one night the craving began again and I couldn't resist. And so happy I didn't. They have nightly specials (not sure what time it starts) but it included takowasa - my favorite!! Sadly though, the specialty items changes each month so I'll have to say farewell to my favorite dish and hope that my stomach and mouth will meet it again one sweet day. Although they have full menu options, I think their specialty is Japanese tapas - it IS in the name after all. You can expect some tasty seared mackerel (aburi shime-saba is my FAVE), skewers, buttered squid, and much more. For a quick review on the actual restaurant, the staff is friendly and the seating arrangement and set up plays well to the Japanese style - seats at a bar to observe the chefs, a room with 3 tables separated by a paper thin sliding door, and another area with a few small tables separated by a wall. I haven't been disappointed by Kyara yet, and I don't expect to be anytime soon. If 80% of the customers are Japanese, then you know it has to say something about this place.
5	Kyara is hands down the BEST Japanese restaurant when it comes to lunch. I used to visit frequently but am now across town and can't seem to find time to go. I typically order the Sashimi lunch special. It's around $10 for a good amount of food. Miso, salad, and tempura are included. Love it!
4	The food and decor was very good. The lunch specials are a steal! The only reason I knocked off one star was because the initial guy that seated us. This place is a sister restaurant to naked fish, so I expected their service to be at the same level as them (which is fabulous). However when we first walked in, the guy that saw us didn't look too happy, frowned, and barked "how many." He looked like he hated it there. All the other encounters with the others were fine but nothing extraordinary like at naked fish. But I would recommend this place to others! Food is good and fresh!
5	Yum. Really yummy food and it's open late too! Staff is super sweet and welcoming and the menu is enormous.
5	We got overly excited to be here and ordered wayy to much food, but all of it was delicious and I regret nothing.This is located in a small shopping center away from the strip. I don't imagine tourists usually find their way here, but a local business owner recommended this place to us, and we were gratefully satisfied. We didn't have a reservation, so we did have to wait 20 minutes. I think that's reasonable for a Saturday night. The food and atmosphere reminded me of being at an Izakaya in Ikebukuro the last time I visited Tokyo. The prices were also reasonable.We ordered: Spicy Tuna Roll, Salmon Sashimi Bowl, Shoyu Ramen, Cheese Tempura, Skewers of Asparagus/Bacon, Mochi/Bacon, Enoki/Bacon, Shitake Mushrooms, and Kara age. Every single thing ordered tasted wonderful, but our two favorites were the sashimi bowl and cheese tempura. The tempura was unconventional, but we were pleasantly surprised with how absolutely delicious the mozzarella, gouda, and havarti were.The next time I'm in Vegas, I'm avoiding any "asian" food on the strip and coming directly here!
