5	Didn't eat but they made a hell of a Irish Car Bomb and the food ordered by others looked great!  Could be a cool local place!  Just a little pricey on drinks!
4	This is a "real neighborhood place" where people actual know each other.  The hamburger was the best I have had in Harrisburg and the wings are out of this world!  Service is top notch as well.... Give it a try
5	I really want to give this 5 stars, I really do.  They know me by name. They have great wait staff that are more than "looks". The food assortment is nice and they will even reheat your food while your nursing your beer.  The TV's precisely placed with great selection from basketball, football, racing (witch these people love),  news and premium sports channels.  The only problem is for a sports bar, I wish the bartenders, waitstaff and owner would pay attention to the sports world. I go in there and the TV is on the same channel as ot was for the game last night. Maybe Im just a compulsive sports nut.***On second thought they deserve a five
4	Great place for a real, home style hamburger. They were huge! The french fries, onion rings and homemade chips were great, too. The service was friendly and the bar/grill was clean and comfortable.
1	I took my family here while we were staying at Great Wolf Lodge one night strictly based on the other 3 yelp reviews at the time (one 5 star and two 4 stars). The prior reviews are completely off base.Even though there's a kids menu, this place is not kid friendly and we should have known that when the high chair isn't tall enough to reach the booths. We were greeted by a less than enthused bartender/waitress who made us feel like she would rather be doing anything but serving a table of 7 (4 adults 3 kids) at 7 pm. This place is pretty much a straight up bar even though they have a food menu and tables/booths and the crowd that was slowly assembling there was there only to drink. The signs outside said best wings and best burgers in Harrisburg. This town must not have any other quality restaurants because I don't know how they got these ratings. Granted I didn't have the wings, and they smelled ok, we all had a burger or fried seafood. The burgers were hockey pucks, dry and tasteless. The bread was grilled to the point of being almost stale and the fried shrimp was overdone and too crispy. We didn't bother complaining because we just wanted to eat and get out of there. I also ordred the onion rings as suggested by another yelp review, I wish I hadn't. The onion rings were greasy and almost all the batter had fallen off between the trip from the kitchen to the table.If you are young, have no kids, and only want to drink - then this place is for you. If you want a decent affordable meal then skip this place and head over to Concord for Quaker Steak, Cookout, or Jim and Nicks.
3	Food has been hit or miss. Same with service. Seems like waitstaff are kind of immature. We may give it another try.
1	We've gone here twice. Once with our 4 kids and once just the two of us. The food is just down right nasty. Burgers are dry, fries were soggy almost translucent greasy. We only went the second time because we believe in giving local business at least two chances (everyone makes mistakes). You'll be making a mistake if you expect to get good food here. We are Harrisburg locals and this restaurant is yet another experiment from the many thousands of new yorkers who have emigrated here.
3	Really solid nightly specials. Their $.55 wings on Sundays are a personal favorite. Friendly service and a good atmosphere with plenty of TV's.Update :: Seems to be new ownership the last few visits and haven't been that impressed. Prices went up, service and food quality have gone down. Too bad...
5	Love love love their food.... So delicious!  Owners and starf have done an amazing job here perfect place to grab a drink and watch some sports or have a nice meal!
