4	Excited for a new Vietnamese restaurant; there aren't many in this area.  Maxim is my favorite restaurant based on quality of food, but the service has become very unfriendly (to the point that I feel uncomfortable even picking up my food there).  Rice Paper down the street from me is good, but a little pricey and trendy for an ethnic restaurant (and the "mix-ins" they provide with the pho are VERY MUCH lacking [no cilantro!]).At Pho House, I ordered takeout of beef pho (I ordered it with no beef, just noodles and broth... my vegetarian compromise) and the shrimp spring rolls.  The broth had a much stronger beef flavor than the balance I'm used to at Maxim.  Tasted a little overpowering to me, but I still enjoyed a good bowl of pho.  They didn't skimp on the mix-ins :) And the noodles were separated from broth, but soft, not requiring any further boiling at home.Shrimp rolls tasted great, but I did not realize they came with pork inside also (menu didn't specify).Wonderful, friendly service.  Looking forward to trying more of their food.
4	NEW PHO SHOP! (1/18/2012)After first seeing the signs for Pho House getting put up a few weeks ago, I knew I had to try this place immediately. This part of Phoenix needed a little Vietnamese dive. Every time I'm sitting at home and have a pho craving, I always have to think in "miles away." It's not always convenient to have to drive ten plus miles for a decent bowl of pho (and by not always, I mean never).  Well, I had dinner there tonight and I can already strongly recommend a bowl of their pho dac biet! Consistency will be key, but the broth was definitely one of the better  pho broths that I've had in the city. Along with the pho, I tried a spring roll and an egg roll. The spring roll was tasty and fresh, and the egg roll was crunchy and delicious! I'd order both again. If you've had good spring/egg rolls at other Viet spots, you'll know what you'll be getting. Oh, and one more thing... no chili oil as of yet. I'm sure that could change in the future, but I was a tiny bit bummed.I think Pho House is totally starting on the right path with its food and friendly service, and if they keep it up, I could see it being a busy little neighborhood restaurant. It's really in a perfect spot that lacks close competition. C'mon, Arcadians and East Phoenicians, go try it and write a review!
3	Got the thin sliced beef and beef meatball phoDirt dirt cheap, fresh ingredients, friendly service.Broth, slightly dark, somewhat sweet.  I personally like a more beefy less sweet broth.  It was almost as if hoisin was in the broth or some herbs were already cooked with the broth?  The beggar dude that came up to my friend before we got in the restaurant was a lil scary but was expected at the shady location so don't be all uppity then try and drive to soufside and get surprised when you get mad dogged by scary looking individual.  who cares... you're in THEIR hood dummy :/
3	Not the best Vietnamese place in Phoenix.  And not the cheapest.  And not the cleanest.  And not the friendliest staff.With all of that being said, it's good Vietnamese food and there isn't a lot of Pho places around this area.  And don't get me wrong, the place isn't expensive...it's just more expensive than many of the Phoenix Pho places I've been to.I will be going back.  Probably for take-out next time.
4	Really love the Pho!  The broth was so yummy and more on the salty side then sweet, which is my favorite! The price is super reasonable! I also ordered the egg rolls and they were fantastic! I will no longer make trips all the way to Tempe or Chandler for Pho since this place opened!
4	Yay! This area of town has been in need of some good pho. The owners are very friendly and eager to please, coming by to make sure we were enjoying everything. We had the egg rolls, shrimp spring rolls, pho ga (chicken pho), and pho dak biet (beef pho with all the funky animal parts). The prices were good, the broth was flavorful, and service was prompt and friendly. They were accommodating and very willing to adjust my order to a variation not listed on the menu.It is definitely a kind of divey place, reminiscent of pho tanh (sp?) and da vang. They had some drinks that looked delicious too! I will be back very soon--I'm so happy this place is open!
4	Delicious Pho I have finally found thee! I've been to Tea Lite Cafe (too far for frequent visits), Maxim and Pho Thanh. I tried Pho House on a whim, and was blown away by the flavor and portion size! I ordered the Pho Tai Bo Vien(beef pho with meatballs and sliced beef) and when I got home the noodles were ready to go, no boiling required.  The broth had good body, a beefy flavor, and nice anise undertones.  I got plenty of meatball chunks, and I liked that they were a bit salty.  The sliced beef was tender NOT chewy like Maxim's. It came with all the usual suspects: basil, cilantro, jalapeno, sprouts, chili paste, and hoisin. All fresh and the chili paste was nice and fiery.I also got the Goi cuon (rice paper rolls w/shrimp) and thought they were pretty good, not as good as Pho Thanh. Fresh with a good peanut sauce, but too much lettuce. You have to try this place. The location isn't great, but you won't sacrifice quality or quantity by getting takeout!
2	The bahn mi is pretty tasty.  Crusty bread, pork patties.  The spring roll is meh and the bun is down right disappointing.  The meat has less flavor and tastes really of char.  I'm used to going to scary places in interesting neighborhoods for good food, but this place is pretty scary, even for someone used to hanging out next to K-Mo Mo.  If the food was good, I'd totally brave it, but between looking out for my car and being sad that my bun was ice cold (I mean I know it is supposed to be room temperature but this was close to ice cold and barely cooked through).  The egg rolls are some of the most depressing things I've had in awhile, looked like sausage wrapped in crunchy paper.  So maybe if you are going to have just bahn mi (which is a steal at 2.95 a piece) I'd avoid the rest of the menu, which is actually the most limited menu I've seen in a Vietnamese restaurant.  Oh and the staff started making eyes at me to leave at 8:30 p.m., I don't mind surly, but don't kick me out!
5	The pho is delicious and reminds me of the pho served at Da Vang and Pho Thanh.  Divey and cheap this is my new go to vietnamese restaurant.
3	Oh Pho-get about it!However, please remember to arm yourselves when attending Pho House. This place is in a very sketchy area, but if I can risk my life for a burrito I can risk my life for some Pho.  My partner and I both ordered a bowl of Pho.  I like my Pho basic and so far so good, no shots fired.  I thought the Pho was pretty good here since my expectations were pretty low with just looks alone.  The broth was nice and hot and their vegetables were fresh and full of scent!  If you're afraid of these places I recommend you stay away.  The place is pretty plain, but they do have a LCD screen to maybe catch a game or two.  Service needs more umph, but I gather it's more of a language barrier than anything. - Enjoy!
3	The fresh rolls and sanwiches are worth 4 or 5 stars, the value is worth even more than that (the food is CHEAP!), the only thing holding this place back from a higher review is it's a total dump.  I'm OK with it not being flashy, in fact I think that's an ambiance all its own, but the place just doesn't feel very clean.   The bottles of sauce on the tables are always slimy from prior use, and I always feel like I should wash my hands after handling them.  But again, teh food?  You can get out of here at lunch with a belly full of delicious food for under $7.  Crazy!
4	I read some of the "bad customer service" reviews on yelp; I'm not sure if it was because I was the only customer at that time or what, but our customer service wasn't bad. They took my order, and delivered my food on time. The broth for the pho was so good! I felt like it was more flavorful than Da Vang's, but they didnt have tofu pho available. I had the chicken pho and it was really tasty! At previous experiences at other Vietnamese restaurants, their chicken pho was too fatty and oily. I thought their pho was perfection! Their spring rolls were pretty good although I would prefer more shrimp or larger shrimp in it. They also carry boba which I find pretty rare here in Arizona. Overall, I thought Pho House was pretty good and will be coming again to try their bahn mi and other products on the menu.
2	My husband and I were really in the mood for pho last week during the big rainstorm we had in the valley but we didn't want to drive all the way to Da Vang even though it's our staple pho joint. We were the only people in Pho House when we arrived so we were served quickly (though the server did not come to the table once to ask how we were doing) but I was extremely disappointed that their vegetarian pho has absolutely no vegetables in it besides some floating onion and they do not carry tofu at all.  The luxurious, filling pho that I always enjoy at Da Vang was replaced by a bowl of broth and noodles.  In the future I will be driving the extra few miles to you Da Vang - I will not cheat on you again!
4	I read several negative reviews based on service and location before I went and I must say... I'm confused!  After discovering this place last week, my boyfriend and I have been twice (once to dine in and once to take out) and both times we have had good service and great pho!  We were just there last night - the place was mostly empty so we sat ourselves, recieved a menu immediately, placed our order within a few minutes, and recieved our food within 10-15 minutes.  We both ordered pho and were both full and happy when we left :)  The broth was delish, the meat was plentiful, and it wasn't as grizzly as some other places we have been to around the valley.  The location is conveniently near the highway at McDowell and 32nd - this may not be an upscale neighborhood but it's a far cry from being dangerous.  So, like I said, two great experiences and a lot of confusion over the bad reviews. We absolutely plan to go back often!
2	growing up with a vietnamese mother i ate and still eat pho every other day. since moving to the arcadia area i have looked for somewhere close. i will still continue the search. Pho House was ok. the location is great, and the food was passable, but maybe i am just spoiled. i didnt enjoy the spring rolls (fried egg roll), and the summer rolls were just ok. the Pho was decent, but nothing compared with Da Vang. i will continue going to the west side to get my fix between visits to moms house.
4	I was very happy to see a new Vietnamese restaurant open up, but was weary of trying it after reading the bad reviews. I'm a huge fan of Pho Than and Da Vang, but am not a fan of driving into the avenues to get it. I would say that this was almost as good, we tried the beef pho, pork and eggroll noodle bowl, and I had a Vietnamese iced coffee. Da Vang was a little bit more flavorful, but this is a good second and it's closer. Also, the service was pretty good, we didn't have a problem at all. The prices were super cheap and the portions were huge. 3 of us split a bowl of pho and the noodle bowl and we were full for about $5 per person, and there was still food left over! I would definitely come back.
4	The Pho Ga(Chicken Soup) is really good. Its flavorful and good ingridients... Now I also tried the Vietnamese sub, the bread was good and crunchy but the BBQ Meat was "Meh" , nothing too crazy about it. The Spring rolls with shrimp with peanut dip sauce tasted bland as well, almost like it was imitation shrimp, very chewy so it whatevers and then the crunch roll with fish sauce was actually good too. I had a Banana smoothie to wash it down but was dissapointed, nothing too crazy, I wished they mixed it in with milk instead of water because it just tasted watered down. All in all I always come back have the Chicken pho
2	Their broth is weak. Food no flavor.
1	Maybe this is just not the place to get your food to go. First of all let me say this, pho than blows the place out of the water (price wise, portion size, and taste) Vietnamese is my all time favorite food so I've had much to compare it too. The #6 beef pho I ordered was small for the price, and I was give about 1/4 cup of meat to add the my soup. The meat ball parts of it was not good. At all. And the worst part of the whole meal was the over priced shrimp spring rice paper rolls, I had to remove the shrimp because the poop was not cleaned out of them at all. It looks as though there wasn't even an attempt to clean them. I can only hope that they would make better efforts for their dine in customers but even then, the place is a shack. I wasn't even sure if it was an open running business until I peeked in the door. Not good. Unfortunately this place was a bust. It's too bad, because i really did have higher hopes.
5	I give this place five stars despite all the other reviews...  I have only ever ordered to go from this place and I get the same thing every time, pho tai.  This is a great place for pho in this area but if you are easily turned off from a restaurant by the looks of it this may not be the place for you.  It is definite an older place and would probably benefit from a makeover but bottom line is that the pho is wonderful, the people are always nice and its a great price ($7.10 out the door - recently raised prices).
2	I had a spring roll and the bbq pork #13. The spring roll was bland but the other dish was pretty good.  The decor was terribly ugly and the place was empty. The service was slow and not too good. I guess if you want some noodles and beef call in for take out and you will be fine. For me it looked like they weren't trying to hard to serve the four people that were there and in no wa could be equipped to handle a rush if any ever came.
2	Where's my half star?I would like to give them a 2.5 star rating because they're smack dab in the middle. I ordered my traditional at Vietnamese restaurants; spring roll and combination bun (A1 goi cuon and B1 Bun tom thit nuong cha gio on this menu) to go. There were barely any peanuts; they were with the pork on the side, but what was most disappointing was there was no fresh mint, green onions, carrots or cilantro. It was only lettuce, cucumbers and sprouts. The fish sauce was virtually water. The rolls weren't special either. That being said.... the BBQ pork was fantastic. I enjoyed my meal, but it wasn't what I wanted.Also, if you use their website, all prices are $1 more than what's posted, even the $2.25 spring rolls were an extra dollar. Even though I was told this on the phone after placing the order, I still feel that should be addressed.As others have said, the interior and exterior is lacking, but I found the workers fast and courteous.I'll probably be back, but I may bring my own vegetables next time.
1	Absolutely NOT! This place is disguisting and I am not just talking about the food. The environment was so gross that I actually ended up NOT eating my Pho! I went and there were literally two people in there, and yet their were dishes sitting on tables, and behind the section where you go to the restroom. Flies flying around, it was just nasty!  Let's not even get to the restroom. I ended up not using it because it was so nasty. When you order a drink, it's a can and no refills for 1.75..... They serve nasty tap water, with no lemon or anything. It was just a hot ass mess. For the amount I paid and what I DIDN'T eat... and I didn't even bother telling the guy I wasn't happy because it would have just ended with me leaving even more unhappy. Moral od the story is... don't go here. I seriously wish I would have taken pictures!!!!
