5	I admit, I had never seen a cockroach until I moved to AZ...also I didn't know what a black widow web looked like!  After our neighbors lost their home  we suddenly had big "beetles" outside.  After a little research I found out those "beetles" were roaches outside on our patio. I had tried to sell my husband on calling a exterminator but after getting insane price quotes and being told I had to take my three pets OUT of my house for 3 hours or so we kind of let it drop.  I mean the bugs weren't INSIDE, well the normal cricket here and there but not terrible just annoying.  Evergreen was dropping off their information in my community and after talking to Lehi, he showed us the difference between black widow webs and other spiders.  He walked us through everything and even better their products aren't terrible for my pets, no need to keep my animals out of our home for hours!  I also really respected the fact that when I had a question and he wasn't 100% he checked and got back to me once he had a concrete answer!  After that  I was sold!  They are fantastic!  If you find a scorpion or any bugs between visits they come out and fix it ASAP(in our case first thing the very next day!) and it's all included in your contract no extra costs.Our guy that treats our house, Travis, is super punctual, polite and put together.  He always takes the time to explain or answer any questions we have.  He's just great!  All in all I love these guys!  They are a great deal, they always are at your house when they say they will be.  Between the pet friendly sprays and knowing I can call them about any little bug and they are on it I would recommend these guys to everyone...actually I do lol!
5	These guys are awesome. I looked for a bug exterminator after i found a huge cockroach in my sons bedroom.  My family just moved here from Oregon so to see a cockroach was not something i was the excited or familiar seeing too often. I called and the gentleman i spoke with gave me a great deal, even though i had no coupons he gave me a huge discount, and they came out the next day. He was so friendly, and we even had a short conversation about the area since we plan on buying in a 6months. He informed me i could transfer my service as well.  Then the guy that came out which was next day, was so friendly, he knew my neighbors, and was telling me that we live in a good area, and the schools were good, and even told me a pediatrician that i could take my kids to.  So nice, and so personalble, and so welcoming! I'd give this place 10 stars if i could, but i guess 5 will have to do. Highly reccomend! worth every penny, and the are very reasonable!
1	We bought our home & moved into it July '11.  The house had been vacant for approximately 10 months but pest service was maintained by the seller.  After just a few days, we had a cold-call salesman selling us their service.  Husband agreed - stating that the previous owners disclosed "scorpions" and we had seen scorpions, crickets & spiders - all dead but evidence that they were there & being controlled by prior service.  We set up a "date" four our initial treatment.  Less than a month later, I found a HUGE spider - quite alive.  When I smashed it, she erupted into a flood of a million little tiny spiders.  *gag*  A week later, another spider.A week later, a scorpion - quite alive.We were "retreated" where my husband followed the guy around - showing him where to spray.  Hundreds of dead crickets were the result of the respray - but not a scorpion or spider corpse to be found.  A couple weeks later... more spiders.  More scorpions.  ALIVE.  Inside my house.  In my child's bed... in the upstairs bathroom... in the downstairs bathroom... in the kitchen... in the garage. We called back to cancel service & were told, "Oh... you've never gotten a scorpion treatment.  You have to specifically ASK for those..." (Apparently, letting the initial guy know that scorpions were our MAIN point of concern wasn't enough.  We had to ask "pretty please will you spray for scorpions, too?!")We were also told, "Well... this IS Arizona..."  Ok - so because this is Arizona means you don't have to stand behind your service?  You are selling me pest control.  I expect you to control the pests.  Finding scorpions in my kids beds is NOT under control.  If I pay you to kill bugs, I do not expect live scorpions in my house at regular & frequent intervals.ps - I live in a well populated sub-division... not in a rural area.We scheduled another re-spray... this time including a scorpion service.Yep... you guessed it... a couple weeks later...More scorpions & spiders IN THE HOUSE.  My husband called - again - to cancel the service and now they are threatening us with a "early termination fee" because we have only been customers for 4 months.  Apparently, we are being held to a minimum contract term that was never communicated.They will review our contract and get back to us tomorrow... if they do not let us cancel this "understood" contract for services that are NOT being provided, they're going to be seeing more of me than they will care to... I won't hesitate to become the thorn in their side scheduling weekly resprays.  In summary, awful service for ineffective pest service.
1	I don't reccomend them and they know why. The way they treated my husband as a human being and an employee was inhumane and heartless.
5	These guys as awesome! The prices are very reasonable, the treatment is safe if you have pets in the house (after it dries, of course), and they are always happy to answer any questions. A couple of days ago my husband saw a black widow hanging around and building a web around one of our windows (obviously freaked us out), so even though we weren't due for our next treatment for about 6 weeks, we decided to schedule an extra treatment. I called them around lunchtime and someone was there by 3:00. They sprayed outside, around our doors and windows inside, and all throughout our garage- FOR FREE! If you buy a package and see activity in between treatments, they will come make it right. We will be using Evergreen for as long as we live in the Phoenix area.
1	When you don't follow the law and inundate a neighborhood with your employees (even worse when your customer service rep states they will stay out of your neighborhood- soliciting is against the law_) and they show up and laugh because they know the cops won't enforce it...shame on you.  I hope your company gets no new customers.  Worse yet, half of your employees didn't have the legally required identification badge and your employees thought that was funny.  I don't care how proficient you are, you have chosen to break laws and think that's ok.
1	I wouldn't recommend this company.  There door to door salesman Zack W. can't follow directions.  Despite a no solicitors sign at our door he still rang the bell.  I advised him I didn't want his service or his card.  He still left his companies trash at my door with his name on it.
5	So I'm shocked to see that this company has only 1 star reviews, it appears the 1 star reviews are based on home to home soliciting rather than the service they provide.  I hope the company improves on their soliciting, because I feel the service they offer is great.We've always had fast and friendly service, it's easy to schedule the appointments, if we have any bugs in between our next visit they come out and take care of problem.They were thorough with not only treating our home inside and out, but also spraying down our wall, putting powder in/around all entrance points and any cracks.We see dead bugs all the time, so it's working!  Normally we have quite a few black widows, scorpions, and a cricket/roach problem...when we stay on schedule we have NONE of these!  We have dogs and kids, so it's important to stay bug free with little feet running around all the time.
5	Great service all around! Professional, polite, and most importantly they keep my home bug free! We have been using them for over two years and we are very pleased.
5	We moved to the N. Phoenix area in late 2013 from So Cal. Evergreen came recommended by our daughter who uses them at her house in Desert Ridge. I called and talked to Robin and she was incredibly friendly and informative. Set up the initial service and the follow up a month later. The bug spray dudes were awesome. Had me walk with them on the first spray / treatment and explained everything they were doing and why. Came back today for our third service and again were awesome. Bottom line is we don't know much about bugs and scorpions and don't want to. Thanks to Evergreen and their most excellent service, we don't have to. Highly recommend!
1	This company relies on door-to-door sales to generate business.  Even though I live in a private, gated community, the salesperson trespassed in the community to ring my doorbell.  Since I didn't answer the door, he left a card in my door.  I saw him cross the street and continue his door-to-door soliciting.To enter the gated community, the salesperson would have passed a "no trespassing" sign.  In addition, he disobeyed the sign on my door which reads, "NO SOLICITING."The salesperson's name is Zack, and his number is (435) 215-6012.I will never do business with companies that send door-to-door salespersons to gated communities at dinner time.
5	Great service, friendly guys.  When we've seen bugs between treatments a quick phone call and they're here to spray again.  The initial sales guy caught me as I was getting out of the car, was nice and did not pressure or hard sell like some of these pest companies do.  I am very happy with Evergreen and will continue to use them.
1	If I could give this ZERO stars I would. My boyfriend had service with this company on a quarterly basis. They were instructed to call each time they were coming so we could have someone meet at the house to let them in to do interior and put the dogs away for the exterior. Right off the bat they would just show up and then call saying they were there when no one was clearly there to put the dogs out. They did this for months! Then they just starting leaving their service slip saying they did the back yard and would call to reschedule interior yet we never received a call. They could not do the exterior of the backyard due to a lock on the gate that we have so they were only servicing the front yard and not calling to reschedule anything. We tried calling them to find out what's going on and nothing got resolved. They then stopped servicing all together cause we refused to pay for a service we were not receiving. We then received a letter saying they wanted us to pay them the remainder of the contract (mind you a contract we never received) and it was no small amount or they were sending us to collections. I have since called them spoke to a Robin and I asked her to pull all the service tickets and also the so called "contract" who informed me on 9/5 that she would email everything. 9/5 & 9/6 came and went and nothing received so I called and spoke to Robin again who told me give her til 9/8. 9/8 came and went and still nothing! Now, we have to fight with the collection agency because they wont cooperate. I DO NOT recommend them to anyone! I do not know of any pest control company that has contracts anymore other than 1 and that is only if you get termites. Other than that no one has contracts. They can not provide us with the signed service tickets nor this "contract". Fed up and frustrated!
1	Don't get locked into a contract with them. Their customer service is nonexistent.  Not impressed!!
