4	Jay's Market is centrally located on the corner of Koval and Flamingo across from and a few blocks from some major Vegas Strip casinos. This is the nicest Shell quick mart I have been to in Las Vegas. I was not inside long, just there to grab a beverage.
4	This is the most convenient Shell station in close proximity to my workplace. If I need gas (only put Shell or Chevron gas in my car), I usually stop in before I head into work. Surprisingly never get hit up for money here- which I love; I hate getting asked that question, especially since there are a lot of scammers out there. It's a quick trip here. The streets are busy, so sometimes there is traffic exiting but that's ok. Like I said, it's close to my office.
2	Only thing going for them is convenience.  Service sucks big time.  Not even a smile, "hi" or "thanks" from any of the employees.
4	How can you not be a fan of one of the cheapest places to get gas right when you get to Vegas?Jay's always seem to have low prices and if you're driving from California, Jay will surprise you with his less than $4 pricing.I've yet to go to the actual market so this rating is for the gas station. Seriously, cheap. Yeah, did I mention, cheap! And it's not some cheap gas, it's actual Shell. So yeah, go look for the Shell station on Flamingo and Koval.
4	How has no one mentioned the kick ass Coke machine in this store? Now granted, if you want a Pepsi product, you're screwed. But the Coke machine? I want one in my house. So many flavors, all in one machine!Orange Diet Coke! Raspberry Coke! Fanta flavors I never knew existed! Weirdly, the floors are always sticky in this place, too. And I, too have never been asked for money here, unlike at the AM/PM and 7-11 across the way, where I've been cursed at in front of my kids. Yeah, that was fun.
4	Whenever I'm hanging out on Las Vegas Blvd. I allmost always go to JAYS MARKET. It's a very convenient place to get your gas or snacks...Not to mention the adorabletheme building...I know that's a girly thing.Once inside the building everything is quick and easy to get to and the staff is always polite. My only complaint is that the parking and and gas area are a little tight, But other than that it's two thumbs up for me!
4	Uh Jay's Market is awesome. We stayed off-strip at a Marriott and walked every morning from our hotel to The Strip right past Jay's Market. Conveniently Jay's had cheap horse cocks, so we snagged one every morning. They were also nice and helpful in answering our questions about when we can legally carry our beers around (not until we hit the Strip, apparently) They had everything a convenience store has, and the place was clean, so I'm giving an extra star for that.
5	This mini mart is not too far off the strip and is way cheaper then the hotel stores that just nickel and dime you. It sometimes has 2 for $3 deals on drinks and cheap beer with 6 packs that costs much as a bottle on the strip. Not to bad Ehh?The area around this store can be pretty seedy at night with homeless people, hookers and shady characters. During the day, it's very safe and right across from Ellis Island, Super 8 and the Westin and a 7-11.
3	Went in here to grab a quick soda. I walked to the back grabbed and paid.  The store was pretty clean and the employee was friendly.
5	the greatest place everrrrrr! the deli is thee BESTEST! their sandwiches are soooooooo good, better than subway.....better than any sandwich i ever had lol.the employees are super sweet and cool too :)...and its the closest, the most cheapest gas station/store near the strip!!! ciggys, beer, food, sandwiches, EVERYTHING! its just awesome!the coca cola theme really makes it stand out too, its the cute little red store on the corner of flamingo and koval :)
1	I should qualify this review to say that this 1 Star is based on the person working the counter tonight and not the establishment itself.  Older woman, pony tail, obsessing on her phone like a teenager and rude enough to prompt me to write my first Yelp review ever.  I just moved to LV, I actually live across the street.  I've spent a lot of money at this corner convenience station since moving here.  Tonight, I walk in, pick up a basket to do my shopping.  Ask about milk prices.  Woman worker: "no idea..." Me: "umm, ok."  Checking out, I tell her I won't be needing a bag, going to use my backpack instead.  Woman rolls eyes, flings plastic bag aside.  THEN...notice that one of the Coca Cola products I bought (this is what the station is famous for) has a really dingy/dirty top, and I'm going to drink it on the walk home.  "Can I just swap this out for another?" I ask politely.  Woman: *laughs*...and not in a nice way. Me: "Not sure why that's funny.  It's just kind of dirty, is that a problem?"  Woman: "whatever."  Me: "Are you serious?, I just spent $30, and I want a clean Coke can, would you drink out of it?"  Woman: says nothing, takes can... I pick up a new one and walk out.  Talk about RUDE.  What the hell is wrong with people that they can't do the simplest of things, and just be nice.  This person doesn't deserve whatever hourly she is making.  Please hire someone else.  She's costing you more than my business.   Hope managerial/owner types read this stuff.  I owned a small business before moving here, and the person behind the counter should probably be a little above a 1/10 in terms of friendliness.
5	So they (meaning all the Pilots & Flight Attendants) I work with keep telling me about the amazingly delicious sandwiches they make in a gas station close to our hotel. And I aways think "In a Gas Station...Um ok...really?!"So finally after hearing about these sandwiches I decided maybe I need to check it out, in gas station or not.So in the morning about 10am or so before heading to the airport I head over to grab a drink, some snacks for later, and a sandwich. Before I order my sandwich i check out the store which has a really good selection of drinks, chips, Mexican snacks, fountain pop machine, and all you expect to find at the store. The lady behind the counter was very nice by the way.Now the sandwich. So I just kind of built my own. It was a simple sandwich built with just basics since thats what I wanted but mmmmmm mmmmmmm good and FILLED to the max with meat and toppings.I picked wheat bread, it's that or white. He slapped on some mayo and sliced the meat right in front of me putting on some prosciutto, salami, cucumbers, lettuce, salt and vinegar and oil. I believe the sizes were between a 6 inch and a 12 inch. I had the 6 inch. The man making the sandwich (maybe he was Jay) was very nice and helpful when I asked him questions about the meats. As I was leaving a coworker was walking in getting her BLT she raves about.I'll be back for sure!
