4	I hate salons, but I like it here. I actually learned new things about my hair in the hour I spent with Jill, which was kind of shocking. Not one, not two, but three glasses of wine were offered to me as I awaited my appointment. I absolutely plan on becoming a regular customer once the monthly budget sees an upswing.
5	Let's talk about what Shine is: it's a casual, quirky, friendly neighborhood salon. It's located in an old house, so each "room" has 3-4 chairs in it which provides a homey atmosphere, and small enough where a conversation might involve a whole room of customers/stylists which is why I keep going back. It's almost like an old-timey barber shop where people chime in on the latest gossip or story. It's a place where you can get a number of different levels of hair service from inexpensive with a junior stylist to pricey, involved triple foil lowlights/highlights with a glaze with the owner.  All the stylists are nice/funny and even though I always go to the owner Amy, I know all the other stylists, so when the owner went out on maternity leave I felt comfortable going to Tina. I'm experimental when it comes to haircolor, and if an experiment doesn't come out the way I want, they totally are willing to fix it. I would recommend the BlowDry 101 class too because I'm super lazy when it comes to hair and this has saved me from many bad hair days. It also pays to be a VIP for a free birthday month haircut and some other specials where I got a great deal on a dryer and a Chi travel pack.Let's now talk about what Shine isn't: It is not a modern spa type atmosphere, or cold, clinical or systematized. It isn't a place where the stylists are too cool for school, nor trying to crank you out in 30 minutes (though they are busy).  It is not a place where you can get nails done for a full beauty experience (unfortunately).  It does not have a giant waiting room.It did not bother me when they ask me if I need products (though they don't push certain ones like Aveda does unless you ask for a specific usage) because although I was  a lifetime Head & Shoulders girl, I discovered some of their products really are better than store bought brands and worth the $.  Bottom line: it's a fun neighborhood salon.
5	Hair. I have had meltdowns in salons with a horrible dye job or cut. Hair matters. I hate sounding like a superficial person- but really- I love my hair. I don't just trust any person with scissors. I have gone to the typical Charlotte salons- Modern and Carmen, Carmen. I have been to a few others. I always left either with a full blown panic attack or absolutely bored with my haircut. And then I went to Shine. Mark is my stylist and he understands my hair. He has not tried to cut it short (seriously- every stylist seems to want to chop it all off), he works with my curls and he understands that I also love my hair straightened. It is comfortable. Not pretentious. A lot of fun (which getting my haircut is normally a painful experience- not a fun one)The only negative? Shine is known. It is used to be a little secret. I make appointments MONTHS in advance to see Mark. He is always booked. Awesome for him- a little sad for me.
5	Look, mom, I can wear my hair down now!I am totally a ponytail, bun, top knot kinda girl. It's a rarity that I take the 10-15 minutes and actually blow dry my hair. That's why I was completely stoked for Shine Salon's Blow Dry 101. For $25, they pair you up with a wonderful, sweet and educated stylist to educate you on how to properly tame your tresses.Lisa showed me the ins and outs of a proper blow dry and I also enjoyed a great conversation with Jeffre Scott who was on hand to show us ladies the best glow products for summer skin! After a few hours, a few glasses of wine and a lot of fun I left Shine Salon armed with a mini J-Lo glow, swingy, shiny hair and the knowledge to actually attempt the blow out myself! *flips hair* Go to Shine and get your know-how on.
5	Blow Dry 101 blew me away! I was paired up with Mark who patiently took me from completely hair-tarded to someone who might actually have a clue.  His infinite patience, knowledge and skill was wonderful.  I learned that I really only need to have a few tools and products to have  quick and easy great hair day every day...my problem was I had all the wrong ones and was fighting my hair every day to no avail.  I heart Mark and Shine Salon!!!!!!!
5	Wow, I had a wonderful time at Shine's Blow Dry 101 class on Friday!   (Thanks Nicole for planning another awesome event!)When I arrived, I was offered wine, Vitaminwater cocktails, cheese, crackers, and fruit.   After group introductions,  we were shampooed and paired with different stylists based on our challenges.  I worked with Christina, who was awesome!  She was very patient and was able to really show me how to properly straighten and blow-dry my thick tresses while minimizing the frizzies. I have always been challenged in terms of styling my own hair... manual dexterity has never been my strong suit.  But to make matters worse, none of my stylists have ever taken the time out to really show me the proper methods for drying and styling my hair.  But, I learned some fool-proof techniques for everyday styling that will make a real difference! I learned that I was using the wrong brushes for my hair's length & thickness, and I was thrilled to purchase the proper tools.  I also was able to try a couple of new products that worked well for me and also was able to add those to my arsenal as well. Everyone at the Salon was awesome and made me feel really welcome and special - kudos to the entire team!I also enjoyed my lip makeover from Jeffre Scott & look forward to checking out his shop as well!
5	Went to the blow dry 101 here and had a phenomenal time! I really think this may have been my favorite elite event to date!The Shine staff are the coolest ever- and just so friendly and approachable. Mark gave me that "cosmo-esque" look I was looking for and all through the night I received so many compliments! He gave me the confidence and tools to try the look myself.I look forward to making an appointment with him shortly - as I believe I found my new stylist (and his prices are super reasonable!) Drinks were fannnntastic ! They had some Vitamin water cocktails (mmm), yummy wine, cheese, crackers, and fruit. They were not skimpy  and more than once did someone offer me a re-fill.The make-up experience with Jeffree Scott was helpful as well - He uses all natural make-up to give you a polished look while being eco-friendly. He offers make-up bag makeovers too! I tried out some of the awesome products in the swag bag (yea, the swag bag was swoon worthy) and I really enjoyed them so I'd love to meet with Jeffree again as long as I am prepared to part with my  super-old favorite Clinique eye shadow (they discontinued that color ): ( ...as Jeffree said old make-up is akin to sleeping in an airport bathroom..yikes).  Thanks Nicole, Shine Salon, Jeffree, and Vitamin Water for one of the best Friday nights I have had in a long time!
5	Along with a few other yelpers, I attended the blow dry 101...   SOOO great.  The staff at Shine was friendly, approachable, and incredibly talented.  They took the time to listen to what I wanted from my hair, taught me how to do it, and made sure that I could recreate it back home.  I will be seeing Mark from now on as my new stylist.   Thanks Shine!
5	Oh my my! I went in and had the best cut and color of my life. I got something totally different but in a good way. The stylist showed me how to maintain the look at home it was really a great experience. I also love the setting how there are just a few chairs in each room everyone is chatty and friendly. When I was done the stylist next to me came over and said how great it looked really made my day! I will be back you guys are awesome :)
4	I was lucky enough to get invited to Shine's Blow Dry 101 event by our awesome and fearless Yelp Community Manager (yay, Nicole!) and enjoyed it immensely. The salon was clean, trendy, and had a very cool vibe.Just a bit of a background story here - I have extremely curly hair. And in terms of styling it myself, I don't do more than towel dry, scrunch with some hair products, and maybe put it halfway up (or in a ponytail for the gym). Hence this 101 class on how to blow dry my hair straight was long overdue. On to my learning - they had three different people helping me at one point. No joke. I'm that skilled at drying my own hair. I was (nicely) mocked for still having the same hair dryer from college and for not owning a brush (that's right - I was still using a comb for my tresses). We all laughed about it and then they talked to me about which brushes I needed (that's right - plural as in more than one type) and that I should buy a new hair dryer. Lucky for me, they had just the one I needed on sale, so I grabbed that on the way out. Overall, my (three) helpers were very sweet and said I did a wonderful job since I have virtually no experience with drying my hair. They gave me a ton of tips and talked about which products would help make the process easier. All were very knowledgeable and friendly and did not make me feel like a complete idiot, which was a task for them, I'm sure. Now if I could just get the energy to attempt this at home every so often, it would probably become much easier. Time to unwrap my fancy new hair dryer....
4	Very, very nice salon. I've had some hair disasters in the past couple months and shine salon made me believe in hair styling again :) I saw Brett who is a few weeks new to shine salon (although not new to hair styling) and he worked a miracle on the coloring by restoring the brunette coloring I had back to the blond I desired. He listened to my story about the issues I recently had with the coloring and he found a way to achieve what I wanted while keeping in tact the integrity of my hair. He spent hours upon hours on my appointment and had patience throughout.  Although I do admit it was pretty expensive for the corrective coloring I desired, I think it was worth it to get amazing results. The other stylists were helpful to him as it was a time intensive process and chipped in to help it along. Overall this salon had a friendly atmosphere and if I was going to be in the area longer, unfortunately I'm moving, I'd be going back for a long long time. From what I saw of the other stylists all their clients left happy and everyone seemed to enjoy their experience as well. If you need something specific for your hair or if you have a vision for your coloring try Shine Salon and Brett.
5	I have some curly & big hair and this Southern weather does not make anything easier when it comes to a style or cut.  I stumbled upon Shine after attending Yelp's Blow Dry 101. Attempting to be more of a grown up, I figured I should refrain from getting my hair cut at Super Cuts ( not trying to hate on Super Cuts).I love my hair and usually end up crying after I get a hair cut because it seems like nothing ever goes well. Shine was completely different. Even though I do not get my hair cut every six weeks, I didn't feel judged for my clearly horrible split ends! My stylist actually listened to what I wanted in a cut and added his own trendy twist. With curly hair, it's hard to get a cut that I love wearing either curly or straight, but this new do I can rock which ever way I choose. Beyond the great cut, I love the feel of the Salon-small, trendy and very clean! The huge chalkboard wall in the wash room, it adds lots of color and style! I left with a new style and smile- couldn't have been happier!
5	Charlton Alicea at Shine Salon has given me the BEST hair style, cut and color I have ever had.  I get so many compliments that I decided to write a review!  The most frequent comment I get is "I LOVE your hair...Who does it?  Can I get his number?"Charlton is the ultimate in artistry, design, technique and knowledge of hair.  He analyzes each individual to determine the best style, cut and color.  He knows the science behind hair treatment and maintenance as well as knowing what styles work best on various individuals.Charlton is amazing!  If you want to look your very best, then I suggest that you call Shine Salon and make an appointment the next time you get your hair done!  You will emerge with a new look and you will get so many compliments you will have to get a larger size hat!
5	Ask for Charlton Alicea.....aka my color king!  He's amazing. Great prices, terrific location right in the heart of Plaza Midwood!!
5	Went to Shine yesterday for highlights on my seriously dark roots, and Charlton did such a great job!!  I had been looking through the Yelp reviews and everyone seemed to rave about Shine, plus its 10 minutes from my apt, so it seemed like a win/win!!  Charlton really took the time to talk to me and figure out what I wanted, how I wear my hair, what color would look best now and he promised he'd make my hair look gorgeous, he did!!I got full highlights, glaze, blow out and they charge a bit more for extra dye since I have crazy thick hair, and it was sooo reasonable.  I already made a follow-up in 2 weeks to get a cut and I trust Charlton will do a great job with that as well.  Oh also, he gave me all sorts of coupons to use for a future visit, very cool.  Everyone I encountered in the salon was super friendly, really glad I gave this place a try!
5	Adding on to previous review... Mark gave my hair a much needed make over and a painless brow wax!  No complains here!
5	Charlton at Shine Salon has completely made me start my 30's feeling trendy and attractive.  He spent a lot of time consulting before he began coloring, cutting and working his magic!  This was my 2nd visit to the salon and the customer service is the best I have had in this city.I have spent double these prices at salons in Charlotte for just a decent job.  I felt like I was simply paying for a name.  However, Charlton went beyond my expectations and I have been receiving compliments left and right. I couldn't be happier and plan on remaining a faithful client!
1	I made an appointment at Shine Salon after reading the rave reviews on Yelp. After speaking with the receptionist about the texture of my hair and what I wanted done, she recommended a stylist for me and I made an appointment.The salon is very clean. Everyone there was very nice and I was helped immediately after I walked in the door. They offered me a drink and I did not have to wait long.I came to my appointment wanting to get a cut and highlights. The stylist and I spoke in depth about the color I wanted, we looked at hair swatches and I even brought a picture. My hair is very dark brown and I wanted brown highlights just a few shades lighter than my natural color. I also wanted my highlights to look very natural and stressed that I wanted them blended. I felt like I could not have made it any more clear how I wanted my hair colored.After my hair was finished and styled, I saw that the color of my highlights did not turn out how we had discussed. They ended up having a reddish tone to them and were almost a copper color. I told the stylist that this was not the color we had discussed and that I did not think I liked it. She explained to me that she was trying to avoid using bleach on my hair and lightened it with hair color instead, which pulls a reddish tint on dark brown hair. She never discussed any of this with me during our consultation and if she had, I would have either decided not to get them or asked her to go ahead and use the bleach. My highlights also looked very streaky- they definitely were not natural-looking or blended. I expressed to the stylist that I was not happy with my hair. She told me to go home and look at my hair in natural light and sleep on it. She said she would call me the next morning and if I was still unhappy that I could come back and she would fix them. That was over a month ago and she never called me. I thought about calling her myself but she made me feel guilty about not liking my hair, even though it did NOT turn out the color of the picture or hair swatch, because she said it still looked good. As a side note, during my appointment the stylist had to leave me sitting in her chair with wet hair after my hair was washed. She had another appointment for an eyebrow wax while my color was setting, but no one had turned on the waxing pot so she was waiting for it to warm up. I had to wait about 10 minutes. This is normally something I would not have thought twice about but I guess it bothered me more than normal give my negative experience.I have been getting my hair highlighted for over 10 years and I have never left the salon feeling unhappy with how my hair turned out. This was a first. My hair not turning out the color I wanted is one thing. The stylist telling me she would call me and then never following up is what really made me feel like she could not have cared less whether I was happy with my hair.
4	I've recently moved to the Charlotte area and began looking for a new salon.  I tried Shine first because of the wonderful reviews.  I gave them a call and the person I spoke to on the phone was extremely personable and helpful, she asked about the move, what my schedule normally was during the week, and the type of service I was looking for.I decided to book a wash, cut, and style for my first appointment to try things out.  She booked me with Charlton about 2 and a half weeks out.  I was a little disappointed with how far the appointment had to be scheduled, but I took it as a good sign that they were constantly booked...clearly it means they are busy!I arrived and waited for about 1 minute before I was seen for the appointment.  Everyone at the salon was so friendly.  The atmosphere was relaxing and you can tell the clientele quickly become regulars. He asked if I wanted to add a deep conditioning treatment that would last for 6 weeks.  I had a feeling this would dramatically up the cost of my appointment but decided to opt for it since my hair needed it badly.  Charlton is definitely a professional and very talented stylist.  He took note of how my hair was cut previously, the type and texture, part, way I wanted it cut, way I wear it normally, etc.  By the time he was finished my hair looked healthy and sassy.  Even as it's grown since the appointment it maintained the style.When I went to pay I was shocked...full cut, style, and deep conditioning add on only brought the total to $60 (which may seem like a lot but considering the service, products used, time spent, and competitor's pricing...it was a deal).I scheduled my next appointment, which again was several weeks out to try some glossing.The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because of how long it takes to get an appointment...but I would much rather wait and have Shine style my hair than anyone else.  Definitely the best in the area!
5	Absolutely the best haircut and style that I have ever had by Mark.  From the time you enter the salon until you leave, you are greeted by friendly staff and a warm atmosphere.  This is as good as it gets!
5	Value of not driving to Dilworth ...........................................$.99Value of your GF being REALLY HAPPY with her hair....... PRICELESS !
5	That perfect haircut and stylist is like that perfect pair of jeans or big foot or the loch ness monster. Super elusive or may not even exist. Shine proved me wrong. Not only is the salon fabulous, chic and clean but they were gracious, kind and made my experience wonderful. Often, I find myself apologizing for my curly monster hair at salons but Shine and my stylist James worked with me to make my time there worthwhile. He even moved back an appointment in order to finish up my cut and style (so sorry!) but I appreciated not being handed off. He spent nearly two hours with me recommended products, but not in that pushy car salesman way and discussed how we can both work together for my hair success- sigh. #girlproblems. The best part of my visit to Shine (other than the followup phone call from James later that day to see how my hair dried and if I was happy with my look)- was the price. You can be pampered and pleasantly surprised.  Don't tell the owners but I would have paid double for that experience. I have already made an appointment to go back in eight weeks.
5	The service was great. Everyone was so sweet. I came on a bit of a hectic day and I had made my reservation just that morning since they had an opening. James custom mixes my color and gave me a gorgeous cut. I've received nothing but compliments. Plus an all over color (Two mixes) and then a hair cut (drastic transformation) was only $100. I've normally paid $120 at other places. I will be seeing him again for sure!!!
5	I'm a fan and MORE of this place.  I needed a new place to get my hair did, because the whole "letting students do it" wasn't working out.  I can't write this review without bragging on how great I looked so, please, just bear with me.My hair was pitiful on the ends, the wrong colors and very damaged.  To fix it was going to require more processing, so I was scared.  Well, James got a hold of me and we did my cut first.  I loved it so much I almost cried.  Yes, I'm serious.  Even though we had to cut a couple of inches off, I still loved it!  A week later we did my color.  I had almost black base with large panels of bright red in it.  I loved it, but it was time for a change.  Despite the fact that we had to double process my hair to change the colors, I didn't come away feeling like I had straw for hair.  In fact, my hair hasn't felt this soft and smooth in a year. My color is still dimensional, but warmer and, dare I say it.. prettier :)Go see Shine!!  Just go!  They listen, they're all sweet and professional, it's a great neighborhood, and they're prices aren't outrageous.  Just GO!
5	Shine and Fuze salons recently joined forces to create a better salon experience for their customers. I've always been a Fuze client, but they've change their name to Shine so I'm leaving the review on Shine's page. Janna has been doing my hair for about a year now, and she's the best. She's the greatest, and she really understands how my curly hair works. I've recommended her to a few friends, and everyone who has seen her loves her.I've always been afraid to color my hair, but I feel confident with Janna to let her do anything she wants to my hair.
5	I have been going year for months now. The service and craftsmanship is fantastic. When I first got a hair cut, my stylist called me the next week to check and make sure I was happy with my new hair cut.
5	HEATHER SAVED MY HAIR. I have long dark chocolate brown hair, for some reason I decided to perm it and went to an extremely over priced high end salon in South Park where my hair was ruined. I came in completely frizzy with a badly botched color job. Heather did a smoothing treatment and restored my color to a very natural looking dark brown where before when I went to adjust my color it had been died black and looked too harsh/un natural. She was absolutely awesome. I just moved to the area and have tried several highly recommended salons/stylists and found Heather's work to be by far the best. (I am extremely picky and hard to please when it comes to my hair b/c of so many bad experiences) but I couldn't stop smiling when I left and haven't stopped two weeks later! She was wonderful and did such a great job. Thank you, thank you Heather and Shine Salon! I definitely found my permanent salon and stylist in the Charlotte area. Thanks again, Courtney Johnson
4	Was so impressed by this salon. A few friends had suggested this place and now I know why! The level of professionalism begins when you make the appointment and follows all the way through to check out. The salon was clean, organized and quite lovely inside. My stylist was Christina and the color consultation she gave me was the most thorough I've ever had and I felt she really listened. I walked away feeling wonderful and confident and was pleasantly surprised at the quality to price ratio. I can't wait to go back for a haircut. This place would be booked solid for 6 months if in NYC!
5	Marilyn is the best colorist! I would recommend her for brown or blonde hair. I personally have brown hair.  She can do highlights on brown hair and they actually grown in great and look natural. I have gone to so many colorist but none of them listen and actually do what I want with my color. She is caring, skilled and good. I am happy to have found her!!
5	AJ!
5	Long story short, AJ at Shine fixed what a horrible stylist butchered.  A nightmare color experience turned into the color of my dreams.  I thought I would be out hundreds of dollars to fix it, but it was only $95 for the fix, $25 for the toner, and $15 for a deep conditioning treatment.Thanks AJ!
5	Love this salon! Reasonable prices, great stylists, incredibly cool decor.  I get my brows waxed, hair cut, and hair colored regularly her and love it.
4	I just moved to Charlotte from SWVA where the same person has done my hair for close to a decade. I called and made an appointment at Shine because of the great Yelp reviews that I read. And I really, really needed to have my hair done. They were able to schedule an appointment for me very quickly.  (Within the next two to three days.)This is a huge salon, the setup is great and the people are nice.  I'm extremely happy with how my hair looks.  I have long blonde hair that I try to highlight regularly; I also add lowlights when I have the time and money.  I did not have to spend a great deal of time explaining what I needed done-Andrea quickly understood what I wanted.I am amazed at how quickly my hair was done!  This is the quickest anyone has ever done highlights on my hair!  I cannot stand to spend hours waiting to have my hair done, so the short amount of time it took was a total treat for me.The only reason that I did not give the salon five stars is because of the price.  WOW!  My hair looks great-but I totally paid for it.I'll definitely go back again, though.
5	I have been a regular customer at Shine since the first time I walked through the doors.  The homey atmosphere and previous yelp reviews are what brought me through the door, the incredibly skilled stylists are what keep me coming back.  If you are looking for a well trained well priced personal stylist this is the place to go.  Shout out to Shane, incredible consult, she managed to decipher my cryptic requests and figure out exactly what I wanted.
4	Today was my first experience at Shine Salon. I LOVED the building- its much larger than I originally thought. All the staff was friendly and welcoming. Also, they offer beverages which is a huge plus for me. Robbie, the assistant was sweet and does a great "wash." My stylist, Andrea, was teaching her and I like that that offer that opportunity. My haircut is great- couldn't ask for anything better! I asked to have the dead ends cut off and to reshape my layers- she managed this without taking hardly any length which was important. A great experience. Great vibe. The only reason I didn't give them five stars is because of the price. Apparently my stylist just got "promoted" and her prices must reflect that. A simple wash and cut was $65- at least $20 more than I've paid in the past. However, the positives of the salon for me outweigh the one con so I will definitely be returning!
4	I recently moved to Charlotte and had a horrible experience at another salon in town, I made an appointment at Shine and Jennifer was awesome. She fixed the horrible cut as much as she could and gave me tips how to style it as it grows out.  I definitely found my salon going forward. I didn't give it 5 stars only because I waited for almost 45 minutes with a scheduled appointment.
4	I, too, was the victim of a bad color job done elsewhere. . . A friend suggested I go to her hairstylist at SHINE to attempt a "fix." CHRISTINA totally delivered and then some! I was extremely pleased with the results and have decided she is officially now "my girl" . . . I just want back for my second appt last night. She is a master at color and cut!The only reason that I'm not giving four stars is the price (hey, a girl can dream, can't she?) but the prices are fair and you really do get what you pay for :-).
4	I've gone from blonde to black back to blonde then to red.... I get bored quick! I move around a lot so I'm always having to find a new local go-to spot. James did a full highlight and "glaze" to lighten my roots. It came out exactly how I wanted it! From the beginning of the appointment to the end he was making sure I was comfortable and making sure he could do anything and everything to get me to my hair goal. He suggested a cut and I jokingly told him I cry when even an inch comes off (even tho that's true) so he said we should wait.Great stylist with a great personality. The whole salon had a great personality too. The only reason for the 4 not 5 is the price. Way more than I would expect to pay (more than I've paid in NYC) but I will go back for James :)
5	I've been going to Shine since it first opened in Plaza Midwood. I can't say enough great things about the salon and the staff there. I'm excited to see it grow into it's new location on 7th Street and to see all the new services. If you are looking for a spot you will never want to leave then you have to go to Shine - amazing!
4	Like a lot of other Yelp reviews for Shine Salon, I too have recently relocated to the Charlotte area and was in desperate need of a hair cut.  I did hours of research on salons in the area, salon shopping was definitely the scariest part of relocating to a new area.  After all, I was with my stylist for 12 years!  I chose Shine based on the great reviews on Yelp - so I called & made an appointment.  Meritt answered the phone, and she was super nice, friendly, and helpful in getting me an appointment.  When Meritt called me to remind me of my appointment I had inquired about a possible brow & lip wax also. The salon was easy to get to, and such a neat place in general!  Chelsea was at the front desk when I checked in, she greeted me and we were off to her station!  She asked questions, I showed her pictures of my hair on a 'good hair day' and she did a great job cutting to my picture. Chelsea & I talked through my whole cut so there wasn't a bit of awkwardness at all, and I completely appreciated that.  I was very pleased with my cut since I'm pretty picky with how my hair is cut!  Rosie was able to fit me in for a brow & lip wax also.  I was super impressed with Rosie, and the time she took with me on doing the waxing.  She asked about my skin care routine, etc.  I ended up with a sample face cleanser - and a fabulous wax job!  I walked out of the salon feeling so pretty (especially since I was 4 weeks over due on a cut & wax!)  My only reason for giving 4 stars is due to the price.  I almost had a stroke with my $93.00 total for a cut (I have short chin length hair) and wax!  I would have thought there would be some kind of incentive for a new client so I was taken back. The cut was about 20 dollars more than what the web salon site advertised.  I will go back, but will definitely not be able to afford a cut every 4-6 weeks!  Overall a great experience with the salon!
4	Driving by, one does not realize how much they pack into this place. It's just amazing how large it is when you get inside. (Go ahead, say it with me: TWSS. Hi, I'm 5)Everyone who works at Shine Salon is so unbelievably nice. Seriously, every person here. They should write a book called "Friendly 101" and then make every business read it.Since this is my new hood and I fly by it every day on 7th Street, I popped in to see if I could make an appointment. I was able to get in just a couple days later.Chelsea did a thorough consultation with me to go over what I would like to do with my hair. Color, cut... the annoying baby hairs that just won't behave. Seriously, what the hell are those things? We went with some lighter tone highlights (hello Summer) and a gloss to help ward off the red (go away brassy). Chelsea is fairly new to Charlotte. She moved here when her fiancee took on a new job here. She is just fantastic. I wouldn't be surprised if her old customers drive all the way to the Queen City to keep her as a stylist.Bonus: I mentioned how I have been wanting to try a wand, but was a little scared. She took the time to show me how to use one. Gave me some great tips, advice and instruction. (Tune in next week when I'll be writing about burning myself)If you are looking for a stylist, I definitely recommend Chelsea. I absolutely love my color and everything she did. Chelsea gets five stars! Cost-wise, it's not in my budget to come here on the regular. But hey, you get what you pay for.. right? For some people, probably not an issue. There's more than just hair styling at Shine Salon. They also offer a nice selection of products, make up artistry, nail services and facials. Shine Salon, you are fantastic. I'll definitely be back when it's time to treat myself with a splurge.
5	Having just moved to Charlotte, I was looking for a Salon that was affordable, but offered the highest quality of service. Shine Salon definitely delivers. I am so happy that I found this jewel conveniently located on the outskirts of Uptown Charlotte. I went to Sandi on my first visit. I have been to quite a few salons and stylists in my life, but I have never been to a stylist this knowledgeable, professional, and attentive to my every need. With over 15 years of experience, Sandi definitely knows her trade very well. She knows how to listen and advise her clients in terms of hair style and color and, most importantly, deliver fabulous results! Sandi did a wonderful job with my hard to manage, thick, frizzy hair. I will definitely be going back!
4	I just adore this place! Everyone who works here is so nice and they actually know what they are doing! It took me too long to find a new salon after leaving the NY Metro area, and this is now my Charlotte "hair home". I have seen both Andrea and James to maintain my highlights and cut and have been pleased each time.The only con is the price (NY prices)...but you pay for what you get! Definitely a diamond in the rough in Charlotte.
5	James is an amazing stylist! I was with my prior stylist for about 15 years and I just wasn't happy with my hair or her advice on how to fix it, so I finally found another stylist closer to work in uptown Charlotte. My new stylist did a better job, but I still didn't love my hair. I searched Angie's list, yelp, etc for reviews and finally found Shine Salon and, most importantly, James.  James was the first stylist who truly and carefully listened to what I liked and didn't like a out my hair and asked thoughtful questions about what would/wouldn't scare me before he put his brilliant and creative mind to work on my hair. After returning to the office after my first visit with James, my colleagues mouths dropped open and they said WOW your hair looks fantastic. I hate writing a review like this for selfish reasons - I want to keep James all to myself... I've since made an appt for my daughter-n-law to see him in a few weeks - I can't wait to see his creative transformation on her hair.
5	Thank you thank you thank you James for helping me with my troubled hair this week! I had been in a hair rut and it was looking horribly damaged and dry. I was nervous to go to a new salon and a new stylist but James worked his magic and I haven't loved my hair color like this in literally years! Thank you Shine Salon and thank you James!
5	Make an appointment with Waverly!! She is a perfectionist beyond measure. In a world where there is a salon on every corner, the need for someone that goes above and beyond is a must. She is that!! In a salon with a homely store front, but will exceed your expectation in style and decor. Up to date music, great atmosphere, and warm friendly smiles make it a comfortable choice. Try out Shine!! You will fall in love.
