4	I love whisky. And so when WHISKI Rooms opened up on the Mound, and I passed it day on day with all that liquid sunshine beaming out at me, I knew it wouldn't be long before I stopped in here to sample what was on offer.The boy and I came here for a Friday evening meal. It was a lovely sunny evening and around 7.30 the place was almost full but had a really nice relaxed ambience about it, rather than rushed.I had a craving for seafood, but didn't fancy the salmon in the mains section so asked if it was possible to have the scallops starter as a main. All they did was double up the portion size, and price, equally but this suited me fine. The boy had the soup and then the burger.The scallops, served on black pudding, were really quite delicious. The scallops were beautifully cooked and the contrast of the crispy black pudding was just mmm. It looked like a fairly small portion (despite being doubled) - it was 6 scallops in total. But I had it with a side of the seasonal veg and struggled to finish it all. The seasonal veg was also really nicely cooked - shredded cabbage and carrots, neither covered in butter or dried out - just right.The boy's soup was, I have to say, a little bland. But hey, you win some you lose some. Despite being a creamy soup it just lacked much flavour. His burger was epic, a giant hand-made beast with bacon and a delicious WHISKI sauce and onion relish. As far as burgers go, it was good. The chips, I am told, were a little meh. (The burger + chip combo is an important one.)Now, the drinks. The cocktail list has a whole page (or more) dedicated to whisky cocktails. Oh yes. My favourite cocktail is a margarita. And what did they have? A whisky-rita. That's right, a margarita made with whisky. It even came in a margarita glass, salt-rimmed. I have to say a margarita with tequila is still better for this combination BUT I really enjoyed it and loved the ingenuinty and cheeky take on it. The whisky sour I had after was one of the better ones I've had in the city too.You need to ask for the whisky menu itself, as this isn't provided as standard on the table. But when you do be prepared to get those reading glasses out. It's very long, in very small print. I'd guess at least over 100 whiskies. The boy was happy. And the one he ordered, a new Islay one we hadn't tried yet (Aird Bheag) hit the spot nicely.The staff were really friendly, and the waitress and I had a wee laugh when she came to ask about my order just as I was taking a sample bite of the boys burger, which as I said was epic. Friendly, familiar and down-to-earth but still very attentive.OH! I forgot to mention the chocolate mousse. A really generous serving, really quite dense and rich which was looovellly although we were both really full from our mains.I had a really nice evening here for a relaxed post-work dinner. You could definitely rock up here straight after work and enjoy a nice meal without feeling under-dressed but it's also got some class. Due to its location and the fact its called WHISKI, serving whisky, in the capital of Scotland (whisky land) I can tell it's going to be mobbed during August. But it'll be nice to re-claim it as a local in the winter.
4	Exceptional soup, and great value lunch. We'd heartily recommend a visit. We summed it up: "the Whiski Rooms is a tremendous addition to the Edinburgh lunchtime circuit. We'd recommend you head along soon, to sample their superbly superb soupy soup delights."
4	I had a great time at the Whiski Rooms. The food served was delicious, very nice surroundings, the menu had a great selection, and the service was also really good. The waiting staff were especially accommodating when we ordered the cheeseboard which comes with crackers-being wheat intolerant I asked if they had anything else I could have with my cheese. They were more than happy to help and brought out a plate of oatcakes for me. I really appreciated that. After our meal we made our way through to the bar next door and had one of the delicious whisky cocktails. All in all, a great night and would definitely recommend!
4	Great lunchtime Glenfiddich tasting session. A little cramped but wasn't really an issue.
5	The best ham I've ever tasted. I honestly can't lay enough praise on this restaurant. If you are sightseeing near castle Edinburgh or just enjoying a walk along the royal mile I would consider this a place worth visiting. Order any number of delicious dishes, although I'd recommend the ham haugh, haggis or tomato/basil sandwich and pair your meal with a whiskey taster. Fantastic.
3	A great atmosphere...A really good selection...Horrible service.
1	Be prepared for a long wait for drinks, just spent 15 minutes waiting for four drinks. We popped in for pre-dinner drinks and whilst the bar area was only mildly busy it took 15 minutes to get our first round of five drinks - the bar staff were standing around chatting rather than getting on with serving drinks. We ordered a second round half an hour before we had to leave for our dinner appointment and eventually had to cancel the order 20 minutes later despite asking after 10 minutes where the drinks were because we were in a rush.Terrible experience and I wouldn't recommend this place at all.
2	With Yelp as our guiding light in all things food and drink this place provides one of the most divided selections of reviews that I've seen on the site. To justify my two meagre stars:Yay!- big range of whiskies- central location- appealing decorNope- service is so slow- seriously, haven't they picked up the message - people are WAITING!- I had a straight whisky, though friends had a cocktail that they failed to finish as it just wasn't very nice, which is something of a failing in a cocktail that you've paid a fair whack forSo, if you're in the city and looking for a drink - particularly an unusual or exclusive whisky - then this is just the place for you, so long as it's just about empty.
4	I took a friend who was visiting from out of town here for dinner on a Saturday night. We were looking for good food, relaxed atmosphere and we weren't disappointed. We were seated in a little secluded area at the back with a view of the bar where we could enjoy our meal in peace and quiet. The atmosphere was just right, buzzy, busy but not too loud to enjoy a chat. Service was great, a warm welcome, friendly chat but no hovering (i see others have mentioned poor service but I can only say we certainly had no complaints). And the most important thing - the food was delicious. I had the Chicken Supreme followed by Creme Brulee while my friend opted for the Steak & Merlot pie with Chocolate Cheesecake for dessert. A nice bottle of Sauvignon Blanc - perfect.I would definitely recommend and will be returning.
2	It's been a while since my last review. Two years in fact (ouch, how time flies). The first time, I liked the whisky and the burger. Not too shabby.The most recent time, I had to wait 40 minutes for 2 cocktails, and when I received the cocktail I had two sips and put it down, sorely disappointed.It was the midst of the Festival. But the bar wasn't busy. It was 'normal busy' not Fringe busy. I also watched the guy make my cocktail, following a recipe book step-by-step. It was just, quite frankly, a sweet, watery, syrupy mess.For whiskies, well they have whiskies and they're nice. Although when my friend ordered one they had run out. And the suggested replacement - they were also out.The service was so slow, and not apologetic about it at all. The cocktail wasn't great. And I know of other places to go for a whisky. So I don't see myself heading back here any time soon.
3	Easily understandable tasting... but probably varies significantly.
4	Of course since we were in Scotland, we HAD to do a whiskey tasting, and Whiski Rooms did the trick. We dropped in on a busy saturday night, hoping for a little calming effect before our haunted tour, and they made room for us.Our bartender/server was great- we told him what whisky types we normally like, and he brought out a flight that was similar enough, but that let us try new types of whiskys. Super nice. I cant comment on the food, but, it was definitely a great stop in before our tour!
5	Very very good food, very happy we stumbled upon this place. If you are passing this place you have to eat here. My only problem with this place is we fou d the service rather slow but the waiting staff were really nuve and helpful. But because the food was so good I didnt mind the wait in the end
3	I think this is a good place that might suffer a bit from being close to the tourist strip. On a Wednesday night there were two big groups taking up a lot of staff time but we still got pretty good service. The meals we had were of surprisingly high quality. We shared a haggis which my Scottish companion assures me was properly and traditionally made. I know what its made of but who cares? It was very tasty. Our fish and steak mains were also very good. We had an excellent bottle of Pinotage and the wine and whisky list looked good. I'd go back.
5	We went back here on Friday night for dinner and it was just as good as the first time. Good service, delicious food and wine, and a nice setting. We booked online (which is a seamless process) and I requested a window seat which was offered to us on arrival. We ate the Chateau Briand and it was cooked just how we ordered it. I paired it with a delicious Pinotage. Only gripe is that the main was so large that we couldn't fit in any dessert, which was a right shame because I really wanted the chocolate fondant. Oh well, next time!
3	This is a really neat place to go for whiskey tasting, but unfortunately the service here is just horrible. My husband and I came here twice while in Edinburgh for New Years, and each time, we sat for at least 10 minutes before we could get anyone to even bring us a menu. And then, it took at least another 10 minutes before they'd come back to take your order.We didn't here for food, so I can't vouch fo the food. But they do have nice whiskey/scotch flights. I highly recommend the flight that allows you to taste a scotch from each region of Scotland. It's a great way to really taste and learn the differences between the various types of scotch.  If you can get a seat by the front window, especially in the winter when there are no leaves on the trees, you'll end up with a really nice view over the princes street gardens.
