5	My family has been going to this US Cellular for years. They have always accommodated us in the most welcoming, professional, and hospitable way possible. They are always amazing with setting my family up with new phones, and finding ways to lower our monthly bill! The staff is AMAZING in every way and should be commended for their work.
1	Entered the store with a 6 mo old HTC Desire that just stopped working. Service guy checks it over very thoroughly and says - it's broke. What are my options? See if you can get an upgrade.Sales guy - You are not due for an upgrade until next June. What are my options? You could buy used or new. Left the store and called US Cellular customer service on wifes phone. I am standing outside your store with a broken phone.What are my options? You are not due for an upgrade until next June - I KNOW that, is there anything else that can be done ? A new phone is $500.I go home and check my warranty - The phone has a 12 month warranty, but did any of the 3 service/sales people that I talked to ever tell me that my phone was eligible for warranty service??? No because they don't care about anything but selling you a phone.Let's continue this review at the east side US Cellular.Follow me
1	My family were loyal US Cellular customers for 12 years. They were once the best. Now their customer service is the worst. They've penalized their customers for the bad billing implementation. Try to talk to managers in customer service, and you'll hear the rudest, most uncaring attitude. Goodbye forever US Cellular!
1	If I could give them zero stars, I would. All they could say to me was, "We can't help you, we don't know what's wrong with your phone." There was not a service tech working? hey couldn't offer me any ways to help solve the problem. They didn't even have any extra batteries to test whether it was a simple battery problem. I waited 20 mins and drove out there for nothing. Worthless customer service. To make it worse, he told me it was time for a new phone. I have had my S4 for 1 year. It's not time for a new phone. It's time for a new service provider.
4	I know that U.S. Cellular has a bad rap on this site. I have to say we have always received good service from them. I went into the store today and Marcus helped us. He was both fast and friendly. We were greeted as soon as we walked through the door and there was no waiting. :)
4	Reviewing cell phone companies/stores is like reviewing a dentist.  Some are good, some are bad, but either way you don't want to be there.  So, keeping that in mind, I gave US Celluar 4 stars.  Not because they're awesome, but because they didn't suck as bad as it could have. :)We had been with US Cellular for almost 2 years.  It was time to upgrade.  More importantly, it was time to change our pricing.  With the new plans, you can finance a phone over 20 months, then stop paying for it.  OR, use a phone that's paid off (or one you buy on Craigslist) and you only have to pay a $10 connection fee.  Yes - your bill will GO DOWN.  Whereas traditional pricing has you constantly paying for that phone (free phone, but $40 connection fee).  I'll let them explain it to you, but trust me - we're saving money now.  That being said, they could explain it better.  "Your bill will drop dramatically in 20 months" isn't a phrase they threw out at me, but it's a hellevua selling point.  They need to work on that.Like many stores of this nature, the waiting stinks (especially around the holidays), but they processed folks quickly.  I was treated well by friendly staff.  Ryan, the store manager, was fantastic and handled certain situations to my satisfaction.Like I said, dealing with cell companies isn't something you look forward to, but the store is clean and well organized, and the staff were friendly.  That's about all you can ask for,  We have renewed with them - it's the best deal we can find for our situation.  Works for me!
