4	Our natural history museum is pretty laughable when compared to other cities', but it's definitely worth visiting and supporting. I had purchased one of those coupon books from a school kid and it had a 2-for-1 admission coupon inside so I grabbed a pal and we went.  I remember going in elementary school, but it was different than I remembered.  There was a room of various taxadermies of local animals, some replicas of extinct animals, a tank of sharks, a few dino skeletons and some animated ones, exhibits showing the progression of man in Nevada - a lot of exhibits were dedicated to the evolution of the desert.  It was intensely fascinating.Some of the exhibits were obviously older, but the information was great.  I encourage anyone with an interest in science or with young children to make the trip here.  It's a good time, and it's a good museum to support.  Hopefully with enough support it can one day expand into something greater.
4	What a gem to have such a large museum in Sin City. At $8 per adult and $4 per kid it is very fairly priced when compared to other Natural History museums around the country. Very easy to google a buy one get one free coupon though, so try that before visiting!Located next to a park, across from Childrens museum and adjacent to the Old Morman Fort this is totally an area to hang out at ALL day. The variety of exhibits at this museum is great, a little bit of everything. Yes some of the exhibits are old, some are kind of cheesy, but it just shows you that Vegas isn't putting their money where it needs to be. Take your kids and view this museum through their eyes and you will have a blast!
4	It's a museum... unless you're used to the levels of museums in the major metropolitan areas like Los Angeles, Washington DC, or New York.They have varied displays ranging from stuffed animals to mineral exhibits to live sharks and a pair of pythons to some interesting dinosaur animatrons.All-in-all you can spend about an hour or so with kids going from room to room.  If you're a local; it's well-worth discovering.  If you're not; well... it's not far from downtown and right across the street from the Children's museum -- two birds with one stone anyone?The two for one adult entry to the museum link is below:http://00006p7.previewcoxhosting.com/gpage.html
5	I just brought my 3 year old son here last week and what a treat it turned out to be. He loved it! The displays were so releastic, educational, and fun. I mean my son just turned 3 and is not quite reading and still came out of there with a lot of new knowledge. He is also really into dinasours, so the dinasour room thrilled him. He also really enjoyed all the live animals they had, shark, sting ray, fish, turtle, lots of bugs, snakes, bearded dragon, etc. He had a blast and I know as he gets older he is going to love it more and more. As an adult I also really enjoyed it and learned many new things.
3	I was disappointed, but I can see how others might like it. It's probably best for kids.The main reason I was disappointed was that although it's the Las Vegas Natural History Museum, the exhibits focus mostly on natural history generally. Not a lot of stuff about Las Vegas, Nevada or the southwest.I arrived about 90 minutes before it closed and worried about having enough time to see the whole museum. I blew through there in an hour. There wasn't that much interesting to see. Other natural history museums present the same information but so much better.
5	In a city known for gambling and adult excess, this is a surprisingly well done natural history museum and you could easily spend two hours looking through the exhibits.I agree that there is not nearly enough about the local area and history but some of the other exhibits are very nice like the dinosaurs and the newly added Egypt exhibit with many of artifacts in the recreation of Tut's tomb donated from the now-closed Tut exhibit at Luxor.The price is reasonable and the location is easy to find but you do need a car or will have to take a taxi. It's conveniently located right next to the Old Mormon Fort and across the street from the Children's Museum so you can take a half a day without even going very far.
5	Planned ahead to visit this museum while vacationing in Vegas and it was so worth the time. Many interesting displays and it was a joy to walk through. The same gentleman who sold us our tickets and explained the layout found us in the new Egyptian display and pointed out several interesting items. He himself was given the privilege of being inside King Tut's tomb so it was a rare treat to speak with him.This was another of the highlights of my recent vacation.
5	I am giving this place 5 stars just on principal and almost charity not to mention to help bump up the rating so people will go support one of our few museums.  In all reality this place kind of sucks, I have been to natural history museums in other citys and this place dosen't compare but it is real fun to go to and odds are you will be the only ones there.  It is one of our few museums so go check this place out and also check out the mormon fort right next door for only a buck admission.
3	The museum was pretty cool, great for kiddos.  The dinosaur exhibit was my favorite.  The King Tut was open and ok, not terribly interesting. But overall it was informative, but for being in such a large city, I would have expected a higher calibur of designed sets.  But, Las Vegas is not known for education, so I can't fault the museum.  They did a nice job!  Side-note: Lots of stuffed animals lol
4	Great place for a lazy Sunday with the kids.In a city with glamour, glitz, and over exposure, the Natural History Museum is a great escape to take you kids to get your learn on.Lots of exhibits from Africa and Egypt, to animals of all shapes and sizes, to dinosaurs.  Don't expect to be blown away with tons of rare fossils or big budget exhibits, but they have some interesting taxidermy and a few live animals (fishes, eels, rays, snakes, and a scorpion you can find with a black light).They have an activity room for kids that we have yet to try out since the 3 year old has a difficult time getting past the T-Rex robot.It's $10 for adults and $5 for kids 3yr and older or $65 for a year family pass.As a bonus there is a nice park for kids located to the rear of the covered parking structure.
4	Though locals might be more impressed by this museum than tourists, it is definitely worth a visit.  Based on its location and exterior, I was expecting a small museum, but it's rather expansive (though incomparable to the vast collections of the Northeastern museums) and has a variety of exhibits, including African, Egyptian (donated by Luxor), Southwestern, and dinosaur exhibits.  The exhibits were very well put together and, because they are loaned by the Smithsonian, they have the feel of the larger, well known museums.  Everyone in my group thoroughly enjoyed themselves, from adults to children alike. My kids found the dinosaur exhibits enthralling, especially the giant dinosaurs that moved when they pressed a button.  They also have live sharks, fish, eels, spiders, snakes, lizards, and turtles.  The adults that accompanied me were just as impressed with this museum as were the children and everyone was surprised that such a museum had been around for 20 years without any one of us knowing.  I will definitely go back again and am writing my first review on this site in hopes that people will actually take advantage of this great museum.  There were very few people there, even though  we went on a weekend.
5	From the outside, this place looks pretty ghetto. You get to get off the freeway and pass all the people in shopping cart villages living in the center divider islands. The building is one story with different additions and paint colors. The parking lot is apartment style covered parking.  HOWEVER!!!  This museum is in partnership with the Smithsonian. The artifacts and exhibits are WONDERFUL. The staff is SO friendly and eager to educate.  There is so MUCH more to see here than what you anticipate. The gift shop is better than what I saw at the NH Museums in San Diego and LA. I had to bring my kids on this trip to Vegas and I had always wanted to check this place out. They were my excuse. The admission was TOTALLY inexpensive AND they have a coupon on their website. I would DEFINITELY go back here.  With *or* without my kids.   :0) I keep telling my friends and neighbors about it. Even though I had a negative experience or deceptive appearance on approach, once I walked in here and experienced what they had to offer, I was and AM totally SOLD.
4	I can't believe I haven't taken my kids (1 & 4) here before today! After seeing the gigantic billboard about King Tut on the 95, I did some research, found out about the coupon, and off we went. The total for the 4 of us was $15 well spent. We started off in the maze of Egypt where we were given flashlights to find our way out. This was a sure hit because kids + flashlights = a good time. There are plenty of taxidermied animals, live animals, dinosaurs, and fossils to keep everybody busy. There is also a kids area that my 4 year old loved where you can dig for "fossils", color, and check out child friendly activities. Overall, yes, it's not as great as many of the museums in the country, but it's still a fantastic find for children in a very grown-up city. It's definitely worth a visit once a year.
4	I could basically write the exact same review as Lucy E. below, dunno why i didn't take the kids here before. Buy one get one free coupon on their own website made it well worth it. For $15 it got myself, the wife and 1 and 3 year old in. Egypt maze with kids was great. Lucy says it with kids and flashlight being a hit. Kids loved the aquatics area, dinosaurs, taxidermied animals and all too. For as much as I complain that I wish Las Vegas had a better community culture, this was a gem I was missing. Would definitely take the kids back again in 6 months to a year. Or if any interesting exhibits come.
3	My wife and I visited this museum and enjoyed the various exhibits.  It would be a good rainy day activity and, no doubt, best enjoyed to children.
5	For Las Vegas (not the home of culture) this place is great. I love to visit Vegas and NOT gamble and drink, so I'm always looking for other stuff to do. For $5 a person (go to the website and print out the coupon!) this is a great way to spend 90min. The dinosaurs are fun, and they have a shark tank and lizard room. The rest of the stuff was kind of boring, but still interesting enough. I learned 4 new things, and that's worth the price of admission for this adult.
4	This is an excellent place to take the kids and spend an hour or two. The dinosaur exhibit was the runaway hit with m kid. He couldn't get enough of the T-Rex that roared. He was also a big fan of the shark tank and sting rays. fyi... the sharks are tiny sharks not the huge ones you might see at the Shark Reef or elsewhere.The wildlife exhibit is full of great photo ops. There are stuffed lions, tigers, bears, and plenty of other creatures to see. The Egyptian exhibit was decent and the Wild Nevada Gallery was educational. The Young Scientist Center is a hands-on exhibit for kids to interact with. A few of the stations held my son's interest for a few minutes but others (some that didn't work) were quickly passed over.This museum may not compare to larger museums in DC and other cities, but it's still a good place to bring the kids if you need to entertain them for an hour or two. Admission is $10 for adults, $8 for seniors, military and students, $5 for kids 3-11 and free for kids 2 and under. There's a coupon on their web site for a Buy One Adult Admission Get One Free.
3	Attended with my son's school on a field trip.  The kids had a total blast, but let's be honest, they are second and third graders.  The fish exhibit was interesting with the jaws of the shark.  The dinosaur exhibit was interesting, too.  Unfortunately, the Egyptian exhibit was not part of the school tour.  Made me a little sad.  (I am not sure why.  I have been to the second largest Egyptian museum in the world, second only to Cairo.  I doubt it was impress me, but I still wanted to see it.  {{stamping my foot like a 4 year old}}})  This is a good museum for the kids.  I just don't think this is a two-timer i.e. I would not do a repeat trip unless my kids really wanted to see it.  It is what we have here.
4	I'm a nerd ... therefor I liked this place. My daughter who is 2 and a half loved it. Its not the biggest place nor the fanciest but theres something about it that reminds me of being on a school field trip that brings back awesome memories. My favorite was the parasite display ( even though carrot top stars in it... which makes it creepier ). And my daughter loved the ocean exhibit. Bonus... if you go to their website you can print out a buy one ticket get one free!
4	I must echo many reviewers, this place is great for people with younger children.  We take our two year old twins every so often, and they really enjoy it.  They especially love the dinosaurs, digging for "fossils," and the Egyptian area.The price is reasonable, they even sell annual passes.  You can print coupons from the website, too.My only real complaint is that the bathrooms are yucky.  And, Murphy's Law, my boys always need to go potty while we're there.  Maybe they can upgrade or pay a bit more attention to upkeep.
5	The Egyptian exhibit was superb. I went especially for that as I had just read a biography of the wife of one of the orginal finders of the tomb. I took other Yelpers advice and printed a 2 for 1 coupon. What a deal. $10.00 for 2 adults.They give an over all picture of Eyptian life and then specify about the tomb and make you experience it as if you were there. ( I don't want to give it away..so just check it out!)..The exhibit took us about 1 1/2 hours. We also moseyed through some of the other exhibits, they were OK..and yes, mainly for kids.
5	Only reason I discovered that this Museum was perfect for my 4 old son was because his class took to a field trip. We are members at the Lied Museum, which was right across the street but it never occurred to me to try this place out too. I am so happy we did!My son LOVES it, the dinosaur room, the Africa room, and I love that the Egyptian exhibit freaks him out and he has to hold my hand. haha We became members the day after his field trip because I knew it would take multiple visits to see it all and learn from it. The membership has already paid for itself.My 9 yr old daughter had an amazing time too, and really enjoyed herself.Each time we go I learn something new, and love that my kids are not only gaining knowledge but are having a fun time. The people that work there are very nice, and walk by offering facts along the way. The gift shop isnt your run of the mill, everything is way over priced type of shop either. Prices are really really low and they have some great, authentic items.As a mom The Las Vegas Natural History Museum definitely gets my vote!
3	It's a bit on the cheesy side and could use some major remodeling but my 2 year old enjoyed it enough.
3	The Museum itself is more of a 2.  I have definitely experienced better.  It is quite small, old and can definitely use a face lift.  But being in Vegas, they get an "A+" for effort which is why I am giving it a 3.  But, it is an enthusiastic 3, so you should definitely check it out.  I love museums and the "tiger mom" in me likes to expose my young kids to educational opportunities whenever I have the chance.  I've only ever been to big museums in big cities, so I knew not to come in with high expectations.  I moved from SoCal almost 3 years ago, and have always made the best of what sin city has to offer for the kids.  Admission is $10 for adults, $5 for children ages 3-11, and Parking is free.  *If you are a coupon seeker, their website does offer a FREE adult entry with another paying adult. I happened to visit during "Ologist day" kicking off the 2013 Las Vegas Science and Technology Festival- and it was free entry for all.  This was a great treat for my 4 1/2 year old daughter.  There were about a dozen scientists with tables set up so that the kids can meet real scientists, ask questions, and view demonstrations.  There was a biologist, marine biologist, meteorologist, geologist,  and more! It was like being at a school science fair.  They had tables set up and a display board, and were very eager to share their experiences and expose the kids to different fields and get them excited about science. My kid loved it.  And so did I.  She now wants to be a Marine Biologist. The museum may be small, but it does have a lot to offer in the small space.  There are exhibits of various stuffed wildlife, and even a stuffed black bear that you can actually touch! There is an exhibit of marine life and a tiny pool of manta rays and tiger sharks.  There are also tanks of various types of fish including a type of fish that have evolved without eyes because they live in underwater dark caves.  If you don't use it, you lose it.  I found them so fascinating!  In addition, there are also dinosaurs, an African wildlife display, Ancient Egypt exhibit, and a room where the kids can have a hands-on learning experience.To truly get the most out of the museums, check their website often or "like" their page on Facebook so that you can see the various presentations, events, and educational programs that they offer.  Vegas doesn't have to be an "adults only" playground.  There are definitely plenty of activities for kids too- you just have to look for them.  Besides, kids aren't too picky.  They appreciate family time and learning something new.  And that is all that matters.*Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 34/100*
4	Good, but not great.Had high expectations the first time we went.  We've been twice.  The animatronic dinosaurs are pretty cool (beware if you have babies/toddlers as they usually scream and cry out of fear of the roaring).  The kids area is neat. Best part for my kids was the paleontological dig zone in the kids area (inside the back room - go through the dinosaur room and you'll find it).  It was much smaller than I thought it would be, so that was disappointing.  But there are some interesting things to see there. Worth at least 1 visit.  Only went a 2nd time because it was Nevada Science Week and it was a free event - got to meet a bunch of scientists and found out about a group that goes on digs! That was definitely worth it.
4	Took my fifth graders here for a field trip today...first time ever. It was a HIT! They have an excellent educational program, with very knowledgable instructors and docents.  I took my daughter there over ten years ago-it was a hit then, and it's an even bigger hit now. They have new exhibits, and the older ones have been updated. Good not only for the little ones, but for preteens too.Hopefully in time, the museum will grow--not only in size, but in offering world class exhibits for adults. For now, it looks like we have to visit the Strip casinos to see exhibits like the National Geographic Photo Exhibit. That's the only reason why I didn't give the LV National History Museum 5 stars. Maybe in time...;-)
4	My review is based on family with small kids (2-5). We took advantage of the free admission for BofA cardholders on first Saturday so only had to pay for two of our kids. The kids loved it. It isn't huge and it is a little older but the size for smaller kids was excellent. We came right at opening and it was almost empty. We stayed fir the interactive presentation and kiss thought it was fun. They also got to pet some of the animals. My preschool and kinder boys loved the dinosaurs and all the kids liked the kids area with hands on activities. We also visited the park in site after... next time I think I'll pack a lunch to eat at park after. Overall fun at a good price for our family. A more detailed review with photos is on my blog... http://chaosinmyark.blogspot.com/2013/06/las-vegas-natural-history-museum-great.html
4	I came here with my four year old daughter and we had a blast!!it was $15dls to get in for booth of us which is not bad at all it beats the regular old boring routine of going out to a movie! when you first walk in they have a section where they have various animals birds, monkeys, bears, lions etc.. this part looked kinda old but my kid loved it, it shows kids the realistic size of the animals without being chewed to death..come out you see some traditional African mask to the lefts you have some neat rocks that when you press a button they glow to the right they have a small really small little pool with some sharks and sting rays....now don't get me wrong I loved it cus its almost as they try to swim up to you which I thought was pretty rad but my kid is a scary pants :| you come out and see two HUGE snakes walk past that super fast....go straight or take a left to the Egyptian/king Tut exhibition which is pretty neat...now I you went straight you took a blast to the way way past to the dinosaur era!!! (our Fav) go further down there is a little room where they have neat things to go look at and interact with, that day they were even offering a complementary craft for the kiddos...we made a beach in a bottle (Blue dye in a bottle with mad glitter...little girls love glitter) I was reading a review where it said it smelled funky....does it!?!? only in some parts but hey Vegas really sucks when it comes to having things para los ninos ( for the kids stole that from Kathy Griffin, actually that's just Spanish...inside joke any ways) this was something different to do got us out of the heat, learned a lot of cool stuff....did you know Egyptian children drank brewskis!?!?! lucky them!! and thru out the museum  they have buttons they can push, touch, smell, get inside of so pretty hands on none of this lame do not touch stuff....I would give it 4.5 if i could why the half away from being 5...cus it could use a little TLC and febreeze in some parts, if you are a local you wont regret it...now if your visiting from LA don't expect it to be to par like the one there! Come see for your self its fun!
5	We came to Vegas on a family vacation and checked out the Natural History Museum one of the days we were in town. The area is a little sketchy, lots of homeless folks wandering around. We managed to find a BOGO free coupon online, so it makes it a great deal. My 3 year old daughter found the exhibits to be really interesting. Ocean life, stuffed (dead) animals from Africa and around the world. Even my husband and I really enjoyed it. My daughter's favorite part was near the dinosaurs in their paleontology area where she could "dig" for fossils and brush away the sand with paint brushes. I would definitely recommend a visit to anyone who visits Vegas and is looking for a family/kid friendly place to visit.
4	Nice little museam. ..great to wander around in for a complete change pf pace while in Vegas
5	Parents of children with disabilities, this is the museum for you. The staff here are very empathetic and understanding of their behaviors. For example, if you got an autistic kid who verbally stims, the staff won't tell him to be quiet. I'm giving LVNHM a 5-star review just based on how nice the staff is!!!The admission fee is $10.00 for adults. I know that most yelpers dropped out of school, and $10 is a lot of money to you guys, but maybe cut back on the Yonaka and Snowflake for a couple of days and you can finally save enough money to come here. Hey, you might even lose some weight so you no longer have to take pictures of yourself at those odd angles where they can't see your body. I'm kidding..I'm kidding...Just busting your balls again. But, LVNHM does participate in a program that allows anyone with a BOA debit card in for free twice a month! So you can keep your Taiwanese shaved ice, bring it here to LVNHM, and eat it in front of the animatronic dinosaur. (note- btw I'm an Art of Flavors guy)I brought the same kid from my review of "Tony's Container Park" here. He liked this place a lot better than Tony's park for 2 particular  reasons: 1st they didn't stigmatize him and accuse him of being one of the homeless children that live downtown. 2nd, there were no hipsters.At 2pm we get to feed the sharks, and they even got those blind cavefish that can see things through their other senses. There is also a turtle, a big snake, and a scorpion.  And on the bottom floor they got Double Deck Blackjack, 15 slot machines, video poker and a full bar. Yes, bring all your nerdy Asian yelp friends over here, since you guys never understand sarcasm for some reason...Since Christmas is coming up they decorated this place really  nice. They also put up a bunch of Hanukkah decorations. This is probably the best time to come. On weekends they close real early, so please after your next UYE at Poppy Den, skip Johnny Fontanes for one night and don't stay out till 5 am drinking. But, if you do spend all night drinking, remember to drive really fast because it decreases the amount of time you spend on the road, which equals more sleep! I'm a well educated gentleman so take my advice as fact.
4	Really cool little museum. My 19 month old loved it! We got there early so played in the park next door, walked across 5 mins before opening time and the kind staff let us in early :)First room was filled with stuffed real animals (I know there's a name for that but I can't remember) it was cool for me to see these animals so up close too. They were huge!!! My son was scared, ahaha he was so cute. But I could see him staring at the zebra and the lion because we have those animals in his safari book at home. I wish I could show you his expression, it was priceless! The main part for us was the dinosaur room. I kept pressing the "sound" button just so I could see the surprised look on my son's face! The dinosaurs would move their heads up and down and growl which would make my son hide behind my legs! So cute!This museum is very small but if you're in Vegas with kids, it's a must. I would definitely recommend to other parents!
3	I took my class of kindergartners here for a field trip recently. The tour guides were patient and understanding with our group of little ones. They asked questions to get the students excited. Our tour was kept on schedule. I feel the students were safe during the visit. The exhibits were interesting and kept the kids attention. We toured the marine life and the African exhibit to name a few. A good place for the children of Las Vegas to see many animals "up close".
1	I was very excited to have found this place and thought it would be a really cool place to have my 3 year old sons birthday party, so I emailed the email link the website provided.Let me back up a minute BEFORE I emailed the link provided I read through the "Join Now" section of the website and was excited to get the $250 dollar membership that includes the ability to have your child's birthday at the museum, so THEN I went to the events page to learn more about what kind of birthday experience may be available and found this little blurp at the bottom of the page that read "Turn you birthday into an adventure! Available Sundays pre-booking required. For more information - please contact: Linda at 384-3466 ext. 222 or dino@lvnhm.org" so that's when I clicked on the email link provided and inquired about their birthday parties or packages they had available and provided a little information about what I was looking for.I got a response in a timely manner from Linda the office manager and she could not have been more rude!There was no greeting, she was very rude about my questions for more information and just RE wrote what the "Join Now" page said.Then there was no end to the email no... from blah blah blah or sincerely so-n-so NOTHING.I will NEVER donate to this place as originally planned I will NEVER purchase a membership as originally planned and I DEFINITELY will NEVER have a fun child's event at a place that's so rude and unfriendly.I do not recommend this place for children events at all.
3	When compared to the Springs Preserve and the new Discovery Children's Museum, the Las Vegas Natural History Museum seems to be the ugly stepsister of Las Vegas museums.  The museum offers various exhibits pertaining to Nevada's landscape, the oceans, and prehistoric life.  However, the building seems shabby and run down.  Many of the exhibits look like they have seen better days.  I do not fault the museum staff, as they seem to be doing what they can with limited resources. The museum is good for a daytime visit to escape the summer heat for an hour, but I don't feel as if I would be missing out if I don't return.
5	We went there on Easter holiday.  This museum is amazing place to visit.  The most attractive are those stuffed wildlife animal.  Pretty cool.
4	A very nice and well organized display of very interesting objects.  We went on Science fair week so it was free and there were professionals at tables educating the kids on what their career path was like.  Even the author off Deputy Dorkface was there.   There is a fish tank made by the TV show TANKED.  Beautiful displays of african animals, king tut's tomb, the sea world, geology and nevaa native animals are coupled with many interactive exhibits.  I'm used to bigger museums but this one packs a lot of punch for such a small space.
4	I took my boy here when we visited Las Vegas. I wasn't SUPER impressed myself, but he had a blast. Especially in the room with all of the creatures. One of the staff pulled the lizard and the snake out and walked around to let the kids touch them. I got to hold the lizard. It was pretty cool, but I stayed clear of the snake!! I think my favorite part was the underwater area. They had a large pool with some little sharks in it.The staff was really friendly. The lady upfront reminds me of my granny lol. There's a little shop filled with pointless nicknacks and toys, but of course I had to get my boy something that broke a day later. I think my least favorite area and I think I can speak for my son, was the Egyptian exhibit. It was the least interactive area in the whole museum.
4	I was really impressed with this museum and the displays they had. We loved the animated T Rex and Stegosaurus! There was 2 problems. They offered military discount, but not to Veterans! Also, they needed to crank up the AC! It was 109* outside and it was warm inside.
4	It's summer, this is a desert.  Not too many indoor activities for toddlers that we have as options here.  Why not take the kids to something educational and wholesome.  This is not the Smithsonian by any means but it is a very well rounded museum.  I like when my kids aren't being subjected to corporate consumer brain washing stimulation.   Here you will find the usual displays of beautifully crafted taxidermy.  Some displays are rather dated examples and could possibly use some refresher touch ups.  The temporary exhibits are always rotating between here and the Springs Preserve.  There are many live animal exhibits including fresh and salt water aquariums.  Notably the Burmese pythons, the shark & stingray and the sea horse tanks are cool.  There is a craft room and an introduction to creatures class for the kids to meet creepy crawlys.  The ancient Egyptian tomb exhibit used to be a tourist attraction at the Luxor that people would buy tickets to see.Some people find these places boring.  Well, I like to think the more you expose children to worldly things, the more they might choose to explore it themselves later.  Rather than stay in the same town with the same outcome as their, uh, peers.  All in all if you plan to peak your children's interests far beyond rollercoasters cartoon violence and conformity.  Maybe teach them something about the actual real world around them than you should have no quams with taking them to the Natural History Museum.  It's legit.
5	Took a 2 & 4 year old for our first visit to the museum together. The price was reasonable and there was just enough to see and do for them to not get bored. They especially loved all the exhibits with buttons you could press to make things move or make sounds, and the children`s area. Just the right size for a family with young children but interesting for everyone. The employees were all very polite as well.
5	Great little museum, nothing else like it in Las Vegas! Awesome new dinosaurs exhibit with authentic fossils. Definitely worth checking out!
5	Bring your kids! Even the rambunctious ones that you can't trust in delicate stores - bring them here! Great activities with safe items to touch! Great learning experience for all! Even for us grown ups that don't have kiddos! =)
5	Dinosaur egg exhibit. Fun museum to visit with the family. Will come back for another visit.
4	A great place for kids & adults. My daughter and I went not expecting much but we ended up spending over 2 hours there. It's so interesting with so many things to look at, read, touch & feel. I felt like a kid again :) They have a 2 for 1 adult admission coupon to print on their website...$10 for 2 adults, what a bargain!
5	Took my 4 1/2 year old here and we both loved it. There are tons of things to keep the young ones interested. I really enjoyed the extensive Egyptian collection. There are also a few interactive things for your child to do. ie: dig for bones and try on a couple costumes. It's inexpensive to get in. $10 for adults. My little one was free. They have a coupon on their website that is free for 1 adult with purchase of 1 adult. My kid had a blast and it was a great way to spend a couple of hours.There's a little gift shop with items that can fit into any parents budget.I only wish they had a restaurant of some sort. We left because we were getting hungry. They do have a vending machine with snacks, but not enough to satisfy your hunger after being there for 3 hours.
4	My seven year old wanted to go, and who am I to say no to science.  Checked for prices online and found they had a buy one get one free entry.  So 3 adults (one military) and 2 kids only came out to $28.  The place wasn't busy at all.  And things looked a bit "dusty".  But I wouldn't fault the museum, maybe it just needs a boost of funding.  I've got a thing for taxidermied animals, and there are plenty of them.  Plus there is a whale exhibit with a shallow tank with small sharks, horseshoe crabs, and rays.  They feed the animals three times a week, and they happened to do it Tuesday at 1430 while we were still there.  Pretty neat.  There's also dinosaurs!  And the basement had early man, pre-homo sapien.  Then there is a the fantastic Egypt exhibit with a replica of the King Tut tomb.  All in all, I was thoroughly satisfied.  Geared toward younger crowds so no information overload.  Oh, they had a kid's area with snakes and lizards which were also being fed crickets when we went.  And bonus - a carousel fish tank designed by the guys from Tanked!  Free parking, right on Las Vegas Blvd.  Free parking.  Hint - afterward, walk through the park for a couple of minutes and the Mormon Fort is right there!
4	What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. What happens in the Las Vegas Museum of Natural History (shortened to the museum) stays in your head. Museums are institutions of learning that enrich the mind with knowledge that lasts a lifetime. Now , what stays in my head also stays on Yelp. Through this review, I am going to share on Yelp why my recent visit to the museum left me a fan. This review breaks down the museum by exhibit. WILD NEVADA EXHIBIT   If you enjoy Nevada's great outdoors, this is the perfect introduction to the State's wildlife. Dioramas and videos explain the animals, plants , and ecosystems found throughout the state. There are dioramas of the creosote, blackbrush, and pinion juniper communities. The attention to detail is commendable. The animals represented include bighorn sheep, gopher snakes, and elk. As a hiker, I see WILD NEVADA as a field guide to Nevada's great outdoors. TREASURES Of EGYPT   The highlight of this exhibit is the replica of the entrance to King Tut's tomb. On this walk back to Ancient Egypt there is fact after fact corresponding to a replica of an Ancient Egypt marketplace to the Recreation of Tut's Tomb. If I learned anything it is that beer was the main drink for adults and children, as it was healthier than water drawn from the water.... Maybe Fremont Street just a mile North could capitalize on this fact. The reality is this is one of many facts that I learned. PREHISTORIC LIFE GALLERY  This is the exhibit at the end of the main level hallway in this two-level museum. This is really a prehistoric dinosaur gallery. There are realistic replicas of the parasaurolophus, allosaurus, trodon, deinonychus, tyrannosaurus rex, and triceratops. I recommend bringing a notebook and camera because the museum throws fact after fact. The coolest fact I learned is that two hundred million years before dinosaurs there were sharks. MARINE LIFE GALLERY  You can say this is where the Museum comes to life. There are tanks of live sea creatures and a turtle. The star attraction is the live shark tank. This tank is home to California Round Ray, Bamboo shark, Port Jackson shark, Japanese horned shark, smooth hound shark, & horse shoe crap grouper. The gallery features a video of a shark shown on a monitor in a shark cage. There are replicas of sharks with incessant facts. INTERNATIONAL WILD LIFE GALLERY   This room is a living encyclopedia of the animal kingdom. The replicas of animals are arranged by family. They include the bear, cat, horse, and dog family. This is a nice spot to sit on a bench to take a break from all the reading. OUT OF AFRICA    Out of Africa is out of this World. This is a large room bordered by two diaramas showing wildlife scenes from an African savanna. This includes a termite mound with bat-eared fox, Mount Killmanjaro which is Africa's largest volcano, a cheetah, waterbuck, lions, zebras, and African wildlife. AFRICAN RAINFOREST    This is a dark room overlooking a replica of the rainforest. The signing is replaced by audio. When you press a button, the lighting focuses on part of a rainforest ecosystem that the audio narrator explains. It's a nice break from constant reading. THE EXIT   This museum is so worth $10 ($8 with AAA). I feel that I came into this museum knowing less than when I walked out. I would learn more by combining it with the Old Las Vegas Mormon Fort, which is nextstore and costs only $1. This museum is an experience that is fitting before a night in downtown Las Vegas,  watching a Minor League game at Cashman Field, or spending an evening at the Fremont Street Experience is a rewarding way to end an afternoon of learning.
5	I enjoyed visiting this museum, the 2nd time I volunteered here and also got some time to explore. There is a lot to see for $10 admission it is really worth it. Go to the Egypt section and see how archeologists in the early 20th Century unearthed some of Egypt's most renowned treasures, including the Tomb of Tutankhamun. The exhibit includes a trip through the realistic entrance to Tut's Tomb and the opportunity to view artifact recreations of best-known pieces including the Golden Throne, chariots, the Golden Shrine and outer sarcophagus. These are replicas, one of only two sets that were authorized by the Egyptian Ministry of Antiquities.There is an African and international wildlife gallery, I felt like I was at the zoo LOL looking at real animals. There is also a Prehistoric area, young scientist center, marine life gallery and more. The best part is watching the feeding of baby shark and Rays so try to go there at that time, at 2pm but call ahead to make sure.
5	This museum is a hidden treasure for Las Vegas. As a local, I had never heard of it until one of my friends took her grandchildren there when they came to visit. A great recommendation. There were tons of hands-on exhibits for the kids. There were moving mockups of dinosaurs. It was fascinating for the adults as well as the kids. They had a section on King Tut's sarcophagus and ancient Egypt in general. They had a section on the animals of Africa. We got to see a couple of living sharks swimming in a very large tank. Probably the most outstanding part of the museum was the staff that works there. Every employee that we ran into the museum was more than happy to function as a docent as well as the jobs that they were paid to do. We had one employee we ran into at the King Tut exhibit who had been to the actual Pyramid in Egypt. He was able to give us an in-depth explanation for much of the exhibit and a lot of background information that would not have otherwise been available. What an exciting way to see this exhibit! Whether you're a visitor or a local, this is a wonderful way to spend an afternoon in Las Vegas.
4	I soo wanted to do a 5 star review cause I loved it there. We got to see the King Tut exhibit which was incredibly well done. I loved seeing how their culture would have been like and then the feeling of going into a 'tomb'. I learned soo much.The rooms showing different animals was cool and the anamatronic dinosaurs were great ( even if our two toddlers were scared of them, I am sure later they will love them when we visit again ).They have a great live shark tank that kids can watch as they are fed! I also love their arts and craft center for kids.The gift shop attendant was sooo helpful in finding stuff for our kiddos and myself. My complaint? Again minor but they had an African exhibit and NO ELEPHANTS just paintings. My older son loves them and was looking forward to one. I understand room issues BUT the hippos they had were partially covered, they could have done the same thing with elephants. Get on this Museum! Also in the insect exhibit, a lady was feeding the spiders and roaches. I had no issue TILL she pulled out the BLACK WIDOW enclosure. I am admittedly ignorant to much about widows so I asked what if they get out? I do know they are poisonous. She very nonchalantly said that they just catch them from around the building.... Yes that is nice but you have them out where they can escape... I have small children in this crafting area and I dont want them BIT! She didnt seem to understand my question or concern which made me more concerned.I do plan to go again but maybe with a mini can of raid :P
5	What an excellent place to visit, especially for Vegas visitors looking for an alternative to the alcohol and bright lights of the strip. I was in Vegas visiting my dad from california and we found this museum online to fill time before a movie showing that night. We expected to spend an hour at most here, but we ended up staying for three whole hours, all the way until they closed at 4:00. The staff were very friendly, occasionally engaging us in conversation to tell us information beyond what's on the signs. They were all clearly passionate and knowledgable about the animals and exhibits in the museum. The highlight for me was being allowed to hold a ball python snake by one of the attendants, that was an exciting experience for me and my family. The museum is smaller than LA museums but it packs a powerful punch. The exhibits are interesting and well done- especially the animatronic dinosaurs!- and the staff is committed to giving each guest a unique and memorable experience. Definitely a place to check out if you're looking for something fun in the area.
