5	All I have to say is.... Delish!! =)
5	WORTH THE WAIT!!  Yes there was a line.  The fry bread tastes very authentic and is fresh.  There is a good selection of toppings and they offered a to go box that was very nice.  Best of luck to White Eyes.
4	The food was delicious and the service was excellent. Only one small complaint - price. I thought the product and price were a little off. That said, It won't deter me from going back and having the half fry bread special with chips. Glad to have such a unique place in our community!
3	Finally a fry bread place I don't have to drive 30 minutes to get to!  I've been here twice so far.  The green chili is great, the ground beef is pretty bland.  Cost is $8-$9 for a fry bread (they are really big).  It looks like a pizza when they're done.  The quality of the fry bread is pretty good, the owners are super nice.  If you feel like fry bread and don't want to drive downtown, this is the place to go!Edit:  I'm downgrading them from 4 stars to 3 because of my experience trying to set up a catering event with them for Midwestern University.  My experience consisted of calling and getting put on hold (and dropped), calling back and getting hung up on twice, then calling another 3-4 times without any answer, and finally leaving a message without any call back.  I would never try to order from them for a group again, but I'd still recommend them for a quick bite if you were in the mood for fry bread.  Unfortunately, this experience definitely soured my opinion of the place.
5	Just got home from eating and I have to say it was yummy! The place was clean and very comfortable and of course the fry bread was to die for. I wanted to get a picture of my food but I was done eating by the time I remembered. I did buy some frozen to bring home so I will be enjoying those sometime this week. If you haven't been to this Glendale location I really suggest making a pit stop for some great delicious fry bread.
2	It was okay.  I probably won't return.  I had the carne asada fry bread and the meat had a lot of gristle.  The bread itself had no crisp which Is my personal preference and the beans were tasteless. The salsa tasted like mere tomato sauce.  The place on 7th is way more authentic and tasty.  That said, the portion is big enough for two to share and the staff is friendly.
4	Don't let the size of this place fool you. It's filled with big flavor. This was my first visit and I was pleasantly surprised. The dough was fried perfectly. The bean and red chile were delicious but a sample of my friend's green chile set my order for my next visit. The staff was friendly and helpful.
3	Very average at best. Nice clean place with good service. Just not very good fry bread
5	I ate the bread at a Car Show Tuesdy night .  I absolutely loved it.  I was all filled up after eating it and I wished we had a take out place on the Northwest side where we could buy it.  I had the Veggie one.
5	That was the most amazing food I've ate!Something you gotta try.. They are friendly and knowledgeable people. My favorite new spot!
5	I was "Yelping" Fry Bread and came across this location which happened to be very close where I was staying. I went, ate, and went there to eat again!  Too bad they no longer serve Breakfast Frybread.. :(.WONDERFUL Hatch Green Chili!!This place is now a mandatory stop when I visit Arizona. To the Owners of White Eyes Fresh Fry Bread, will you come to Southern California and open a restaurant please?
4	Pretty good, service was fast and friendly. Place is clean. Food was decent.. I had the red chili and bean fry bread.... The portions are good, I left very full. The frybread wasn't as fluffy as I'm used to but all in all was good.
4	I wanted genuine Native American fry bread and narrowed down to three places, this being one of them. We were coming from California so I wanted to have my experience be the real deal when it comes to fry bread. After reading the reviews for the other two places, my husband suggested coming to this one.It's located in a little plaza, the facility seems very clean and minimal, which is how I like it. The menu is straight forward and the lady serving us was very nice, we got to talking and she seems very sweet.I got the Indian taco while my husband got the carne asada fry bread, we got the sweet and savory fry bread for my daughter (we ate some of her sweet fry bread) and it was really good. The reason why it lost a star is because my husband's fry bread lacked crispiness, it was kind of soft. The food is a generous amount, I had a hard time finishing mine and it took me awhile to finish it.
5	This place never disappoints, home made fry bread with a very authentic taste.  The owners are very friendly along with the entire staff.  Don't settle for imitations and come enjoy the true fry bread taste.  They have plenty of options to choose from.
