4	Stay here!  in Scottsdale, $69 specials...our room was normally $89 I think...it was a double, and nice pretty and clean with a super comfy bed.  but they were just small double sized beds in case you need bigger.  really delish cucumber muddled margaritas. pretty courtyard pool area, with giant canopy beds poolside
3	Can't really write a review about the Days Hotel per say, but was at a friend's club night she was hosting at the Bar area within the Days Hotel on Sat night, and I have to say , it's nice looking bar area.  Nice big comfy sofas and chairs, the bartenders were very friendly. I like the setup of the place, if you're a people watcher, like I am, you will like the sectional sofa up in the corner, it has a great view of everything that is going on and it even has curtains you can pull around to make your area more private?!? But isn't that why people get rooms Hahahahahha. Glad I went to check it out, not sure if there is draw to bring me back, but if you do wind up staying at the Days Hotel check it out!
4	Nice hotel and reasonably priced. Beautiful pool and garden area with cabanas for sitting at the tables. Even gas grills. Front desk and restaurant staff very friendly and helpful. Comedy club and jazz club attached to restaurant are convenient. Went to the Friday night 8 p.m. comedy show and it was great. Not into Mexican food too much so didn't try Papi Cheulo's that is attached to hotel. Food must be good there because it was very busy all Friday night!
4	Great place to have a pool party with DJ! They offer reduced room rates for special occasions.
1	Absolutely awful experience. We got two rooms, both of which had major issues with the key cards. Not only did we get locked out and have to get them replaced 4 times, once they actually had their maintenance guy come out with some tool to reprogram the door. The next day the keys again didn't work. Upon calling the front desk and me telling them the ordeal, their reply was "well are you putting it next to your credit cards or your phone?".... Oh, you mean like any pocket or purse on earth? No, not after the first four sets of keys. Sometimes it tricks you. It flashes a green light saying "come on in!" But then the door won't open anyway. Our air conditioning was also broken.... In the ON position. 24/7 air conditioning. Only way to turn it off is to crawl under it and unplug it. The rooms have no fridge or safe. The "do not disturb" cards go missing every night (I had to make one). The list goes on and on. Not worth it.
4	The best value for the price!  Friendly service, comfortable Serta beds, a nice poolside lounge area and affordable!  No elevator though for second floor so make sure you get the first floor if you have a lot of luggage. Also if you aren't driving there aren't any grocery or convenience stores to walk to that are close so plan ahead.
3	I have to say the pictures definitely make this hotel look better than it really is. The beds are small, the rooms are small, and the parking is limited. The tub had a weird stain in our room, and the water would drip. The rooms had a microwave and a fridge, so that was convenient. The location is great if you're planning on going out to Old Town, Scottsdale. It was cheap to get a cab and go out drinking. It was also nearby Fashion Square Mall.The pool looked really nice and clean, although I didn't get to go in. But there are ramadas, and a separate area with chairs away from the pool where you can have picnic or a bbq.The price was great. I didn't have any problems with the staff, the front desk was friendly and helpful. They got the job done.
2	As a person from the hotel industry, I thoroughly understand the way to operate a hotel.  It is my understanding this hotel has just been purchased and new improvements are being made.  However, this was not told to me when booking the reservation.  It was only told to me after I checked in.  If I had knew what massive problems this would cause, which I will go into detail later, I would have looked elsewhere.   I was given a free voucher for a drink in the restaurant in exchange for the inconvenience.  I thought this was a good thing and start.The room and grounds were nice and fitting for the price paid (if not better).  My first problem was the wifi network was either always slow or limited connection.   The hotel should have put password protection on the signal, because I think everyone from the neighboring apartments signs on to this signal and bogs it down.  That was not good.However, I headed to the restaurant and used the voucher and was extremely happy with the service and drink.  The margarita was a good size and they brought chips and dip for me.  Good start!I returned to my room to find a note on the door that under no circumstance would they allow late checkouts in the morning due to work on the water system.  That was interesting- what if I had stayed for two nights?The wifi problems made me use my cell phone hotspot and rack up a $30 excessive usage bill.  I decided I would rather use this money to stay somewhere else in Scottsdale the following night with decent internet.The BIGGEST problem was being woken up at 7:20 am my time (8:20 am Phoenix time) to massively loud banging of construction and hammers,  I couldn't fall back alseep.  I didnt go to bed until 3 am so this was not cool!  Why couldn't they tell them not to do anything loud until after 10am?     At this point I definitely was checking out and wasnt staying another night. When checking out, I wasn't even asked, "How was your stay?"   ... I think  maybe had many people complain so they stopped asking?  I never complained to the office staff.   I probably should have, but frankly even a free second night at the resort, I would have to deny.  There is no free room that will help me sleep through early morning hotel construction noise., The drink coupon was nice, and I respect the business risk to remodel the hotel, but this was not the way to do it.
