5	Great show!! Definitely a must see if your in Vegas. The songs in the hat is so funny and very creative. Can see it over and over again.
5	This is one of the most entertaining shows in Las Vegas. The hosts, Aaron Benward and Brian McComas are accomplished singer/songwriters who host a guest performer(s) from Nashville, TN. Similar to the shows at the famous Bluebird Cafe in Nashville,  the shows are always entertaining and a real treat.
5	What a great show! I had the chance to go see the show on the last night they were at the Quad. The easy chemistry between all of these song writers and performers is amazing. Four of them sat on a sparse stage and went through a catalog of songs they have written for themselves or for country's most popular artist. We were able to get an inside perspective on the process behind writing these short stories and what they go through to get them recorded. Brian and Aaron took some time to go off stage and write a song from a title suggested by an audience member. Apparently, the lineup changes, so I would love to see them again.
5	If you live locally here in Las Vegas or you are a visitor looking for a fun way to spend part of your visit, I would highly recommend this show! It is a fun filled evening where you can learn the stories behind some of the most popular country songs currently on the radio.  It is hosted by two amazingly talented singer songwriters:  Aaron Benward and Brian McComas.They have been bringing the stories behind the songs to the Vegas area for almost 5 years!   It is modeled after the songwriter shows you might experience in Nashville on any given night.Aaron and Brian have brought the songwriters responsible for many of the songs we know and love like Truck Yeah by Tim McGraw written by Danny Myrick and I got Friends in Low Places by Garth Brooks written by Earl Budd Lee to name just a few!The show also has an interactive piece where audience members submit song titles, and the songwriters write a song during the show based off the title chosen.  They are always entertaining as well.Nashville Unplugged is a great show well worth checking out!  I make it a point to catch the show whenever I can.  Guests change with every show, so you never see the same show twice!My friend Krista has had her song title picked several times, so I know it does happen.  A great show!  Check it out if you get the chance.
