4	Do you like medium-roast espresso and friendly baristas?  Remember the days BEFORE coffeehouses were filled with lowd teenagers too young to hang out at the clubs?  This Dilworth Coffee is it!The baristas are always super friendly.  The place has a laid-back Mint Hill vibe, unlike the other Dilworth Coffees I've visited (still good, though).  They are normally very quite and they operate on limited hours in comparision to other Dilworth Coffees.  They allow groups to meet, so this might be a good place for your quilting club, Bible study, etc.  Also, they showcase different desserts: cakes, brownies, frozen yogurt.  You never know what you will find when you go.
5	Went here on a whim.  Excellent coffee; the house blend is quite flavorful.  The baked goods are also good.  Prices are comparable to a Starbucks or Caribou with the atmosphere of an independent establishment.
5	Yummy hot chocolate, probably the best from any coffeehouse around. Seems cozy and warm and the people are nice. It's refreshing compared to the rushed and crammed atmosphere of Starbucks.
1	The hot chocolate tasted watery and the food was horrible. Also, I didn't like being charged a quarter for ice water on principle. Starbucks doesn't even do that.
5	Fantastic coffee, friendly staff and an unpretentious vibe. I've been here on two occasions right as they were closing and, rather than turn me away, the barista served me even though she couldn't accept any money since the register was closed. Their coffee of the day is always fresh and the Americano's are top-notch. My wife loves the Mocha and the White Chocolate Mocha. As someone else stated, the hours are kind of limited and the parking lot can be a pain, but the coffee and service are worth the minor hassles.
4	Great coffee and pastries. They have a good short menu and the staff are always pleasant.Free wifi.
4	Since we moved to Mint Hill, Dilworth Coffee has become my go-to caffeination spot by default: there's nothing else within the radius of a 5-to-10-minute drive, unless you count Dunkin Donuts. Fortunately, this location is up to snuff. The coffee is good, and the staff is always friendly. The decor is is cozy and suits the family-oriented area without crossing the line into granny's-living-room territory. There's enough tables that you don't feel guilty about parking it with your laptop, as well as some couches and overstuffed chairs in case you just want to read or chat.The only criticism I will make is that they close at 7. I suppose that is just a fact of life in Mint Hill.
1	Expensive, bad coffee with a very rude staff. The coffee tasted like water and they charged almost five dollars for a "large" which was actually a medium. Do not go here.
5	I love this place! They can customize beverages in ways the the chain coffee shops cannot (I like to reduce the amount of expresso). Great place to work during the week.
4	Slightly more space to spread out than the original location on East Blvd in Dilworth. Not really in a stellar location, but easy on/off from 51. Despite this being a coffee house, don't be fooled... I'm not here for the coffee. Dilworth Coffee serves up the best Chai tea latte I've had. Their pastry selection looked a little drab, and I'd like to see an expanded & healthy food selection. But I'll definitely be back for my Chai caffeine fix.
5	Just happened to drive past this place and see the brightly colored umbrellas on their patio, so I decided to pull in and give it a try. FInally a coffee shop that has a nice patio and ample outdoor seating, plus umbrellas so I can actually sit outside and do some work on my laptop.The indoor space is just as wonderful- spacious and plenty of comfortable seating, and a nice environment to hang out with a friend or sit by yourself and do some work. My only complaint would be the radio station they had on. I don't want to listen to Gwen Stefani's "Holler Back Girl" when I'm at a coffee shop. I got an iced spiced chai tea latte and it was delicious. The staff was genuinely friendly, welcoming, and not pretentious at all. I'll definitely be back.
1	The staff was rude. The coffee tasted like water. It was WAY over-priced. Would never recommend this place.
4	Great coffee and pastries. They have a good short menu and the staff are always pleasant.Free wifi.Update. This is now Nova bakery, and the service is good but the muffins are not.
