2	If I was coming just for the adobo fried rice omelette - think of a burrito (chunks of adobo meat in adobo fried rice wrapped in an omelette), I would give this place 4 stars. But you would soon forget the adobo fried rice omelette after suffering from the service. My four friends didn't get their food after waiting for an hour and one of them just got spam and eggs. Seriously? an hour for spam and eggs? what!? I would come back here only if I called it in for pick up. Yes , only for pick up unless you want to faint from hunger. The other dishes were just ordinary but the adobo fried rice was the best version of adobo i have ever had.
3	This place reminds me of home(hawaii) this is the kind of filipino food im talking about
2	Due to my temporary hectic schedule, finding the time to eat dinner in between getting off work and to school is scarce! I wanted to pick something up on the way to school but I didn't want to go out of the way from my destination. I wanted to avoid fast food and craving for a bowl of rice with a type of meat. Well I ran into and had 2 choices on the way to school on E. Desert Inn and Eastern area, Jun's Korean BBQ or Elena's Filipino Food. I chose Elena's and regret eating Pork Adobo Fried Rice Omelet and Lumpia.Lumpia looked fresh and crispy , which absolutely differed from the taste, inside was soft and watery. I ate it anyways because I was famished and needed food in my tummy.  The pork adobo fried rice omelet was simple, just rice, pork meat, adobo sauce mixed in and wrapped with egg. The sauce had too much vinegar and the smell was so strong that I was embarrassed of my own food and culture while I was eating this in class.  Today, I still taste the strong vinegar in my mouth.....I should have went to Jun's Korean BBQ....
5	This place is right by my house and I've frequented it on more than one occasion. The people are always friendly and the food is absolutely delicious. On occasion I have even been treated to a free portion of some dish that I asked about. There was maybe one time that my pansit (sp) didn't taste 100% fresh, but that's it. The price is right, the portions are good, and it beats the heck out of fast food chains. A poor college man's dream.Though the majority of my experiences have been in ordering take out, I must agree that the atmosphere leaves a little something to be desired. The service is as slow as you would expect from a hole in the wall place like this, but it has never been to the point where it bothered me. I've eaten there plenty of times and, business willing, I intend to eat there plenty more.After reading the guidelines I feel morally obliged to edit: This is my first time writing for yelp but far from the first time using it. This was sparked by a sign at Elena's saying a free gift for "a review". So I whipped out my smartphone and posted away. Everything I said was my honest opinion, regardless of any gift. You wanna know what the gift was? Wait for it... FREE FOOD! Woooo! Now this poor college student can eat for that much longer simply for sharing his opinions. God bless America!
5	Elena's satisfies the cravings for filipino (ILOCANO) style cooking! The adobo fried rice and shrimp sarciado are my family's favorites...yummy! The atmosphere is clean and service is friendly. It is a place away from home that keeps us going back for more! If you are looking for the "fat, oily, bland, coconut-drowned" filipino foods of other filipino style of cooking then, don't review and expect to get that from here. Elena's serve only fresh, tasty REAL native style cooking! Service time is reasonable..if you want fast food...go to McDonalds!!!!
5	Wow.  The Pork Adobo Fried Rice Omelet - how did they do that?  Amazing to see - but even better to taste!  It's HUGE.  Great Value, and not just rice - lots of big chunks of YUMMY PORK.  Great Flavor.  I ran in at lunch time, had the dish & iced tea - and was out in 30 minutes.  Everything is cooked to order - but it was quick. I liked the feel of the restaurant.  So neat and clean with music from Hawaii.  Definitely will go back - the mixed plates sound really tasty, lots of good seafood on the menu as well.
4	We were in Vegas looking for a non-turo  turo Filipino restaurant. After driving around to all the yelp-reviewed Filipino restaurants, We decided to stick with Elena's Home of the Finest Filipino Food. Coming from Hawaii and having eaten at Elena's in Waipahu, we trusted the quality of the food. For a party of 8 we ordered: Kare Kare, Sari Sari, Shrimp Sinigang, Lumpia Shanghai, Pancit, Lechon Special, and of course, Halo Halo for dessert! Everything was great! I loved the Kare Kare (9.99) --perfect balance of creaminess, peanut butter, vegetables, and meat.  Sari Sari (7.99) we very savory and wonderful all around.  The Shrimp Sinigang (8.99) had lots of large shrimp and married sour and salty flavors very well. The Lumpia Shanghai was a hit ( 3.99 for 6 pieces) -- homemade and very crunchy - just the way we like it.  The Pancit we probably the weakest dish (6.75). It was a bit bland and lacked very much pizzazz. The Halo halo (4.99) was also nothing to write home about, lacking beans and generally overpriced in my opinion. The star dish of our meal was  the lechon special (8.99), chopped crispy pork with onions and tomatoes. We loooooved it! Opened in August 2008, the restaurant is very clean and service was friendly. The ambiance and decor were very nice and warm. A great choice for Filipino dining that is a step above from those Turo turo's. If you're looking for some good homestyle Filipino food that it made to order, Elena's is the place to go to in Las Vegas. We will be back!
4	The buffet is really nice.  A lot of variety to chose from.  Adobo fried rice is what I love best.  Too bad they don't have one like this in the Bay cause to tell you the truth they would blow all Filipino restaurants out of the water.Service was really good and the place was really clean.
4	Are you Filipino from Hawaii and feeling nostalgic? Elena's might be your cure. This is ILOKANO food... yes, there a few small, but major, differences between TAGALOG & ILOKANO style Filipino cooking... so with that said, it automatically gets one extra star in the rating. All I can say is... ADOBO OMELET. Yummmmm. Vinegary! I likey.
5	My wife and I have a new place to regularly visit when visiting Las Vegas...ELENA'S! My wife and I are both originally from Hawaii where the Filipino Food is of a very high standard due to the large Filipino population there. I, luckily, am married to my wife who is Ilocano and has since taught me the cuisine of Filipino food through her Mom's home cooking back in Hawaii. As we were eating lunch here on Sunday, Nov 14, I have never heard my wife utter the words "This Pancit tastes just as good as my Mom's." We had the buffet which had over a dozen things to choose from and everything was just good...... real good. The Adobo selections were plentiful and just right with that great vinegar taste! Adobo Omelette y'all! They even had Pork and Pumpkin which is one of my wife's favorites. The Monggo Beans was awesome and had a different taste from what I'm used to, but it was really tasty. One thing that set me just right was the little bowl of onions, tomatoes, and Bagoong as a side dish! I only usually have that at my In-Law's home during dinner!! We even had Hawaiian Sun drinks to top off the whole meal. I wanted to get some Halo-Halo but we were really full and could have used a nap to recover from all the food.The service was quick and very welcoming. The overall look and feel of the restaurant is very home-style and themed to everything Filipino. Get away from casino food and make the short trip off the Strip to Elena's.
5	Elena's is just like how you remembered eating Filipino food home in Hawaii.  The same owners from Elena's Waipahu opened up this Filipino restaurant that beats all other Filipino restaurants in Vegas.   Pork, chicken/Fried rice adobe, lechon Kawali, pancit, pork gisantes, dinuguan, chicken calamungai, and lumpia are all the cures for my Filipino cravings.  The service staff are the owners and family members, so they are very friendly, welcoming and show Hawaii's Aloha spirit  with pride.  This place is a must if you're from Hawaii, or curious about trying Filipino food.
5	Home away from Home!  I'm from Hawaii and now living in San Diego and I'll say you cannot find Ilocano/Hawaii style food here.  So, whenever I go to Vegas I will make it a point to visit Elena's about 2-4 times throughout the duration of my visit.  My all time favorites:  Lechon Special (cut up pork tossed in a salty sauce like patis and vinegar with tomatoes & onions), adobo fried rice omlette, sari sari, pancit bihon, fried vinegar pork, banana and shanghai lumpia.  If you dine in they will give you all you can eat calrose rice.  To top it off Aloha Shoyou on the table.  YAY! The staff and owners are always friendly.  Melissa and her husband manages  Elena's in Vegas and ironically every time I go there she just flew in herself from Hawaii.   Tata Teo and Nana Elena are the founders of Elena's and you would find them serving the customers too. There's a lot of parking and it's only a few minutes away from the strip.  Easy to find and worth the drive.  I really wish they would open up an Elena's here in SD.
4	I was driving around LV looking for somewhere to have lunch and Elena's on Yelp seemed like a place to check out.. I tried the Chicken Adobo lunch special which came with a flavorful chicken soup with glass noodles for starters and the entree came with noodles, steam rice, lumpia and chicken Adobo. The chicken was tender fall off the bone delicious. Glass Noodles also very tasty and I also enjoyed the lumpia which was crisps on the outside and yummy tasting. See at:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cZbqG53WCsEyYHSocNZdLQ?action_user_photos=1 I'd definitely here in the future
4	Had the shrimp with tomatoes and onions.  Sauce was delcious but the shrimp was definitely frozen and just OK.  Enjoyable but nothing too special.
3	The restaurant was clean and roomy with lots of tables. You order at the counter and seat yourself. Food on a 5 Star Scale: Adobo pork omelete, 5 Star (yummy, loads of flavor) Shanghai lumpia, 2 Star (a little bland, nothing special)Beef lumpia, 3.5 Star (tasty but oily)Lechon special, 3 Star (pork too fatty but flavorful)Mung beans (pork too fatty but flavorful, very tasty)Pinakbet (I'm used to a more condensed tomato base, again too much fat on the pork)The flavors were there.  Very tasty and similar to Mom's cooking. I will go back and try something else next time.
5	Another award winning experience at Elena's in Las Vegas... I had the lechon special with rice.. HMMMMMMMNeed I say more?!  Elena's Lechon Special is the BEST!
5	The best Filipino food in da islands and da mainland! If your in Las Vegas you gotta get here!
5	When i think of Adobo Fried Rice omelets, I think of this place, Elena's!*Omelet portions- big enough to fill you up to start your morning or any part of your day! I call it the Filipino Hawaiian Warrior Breakfast of champions because its so good, when i get this plate i never leave leftovers not even a splice of rice left seriously! Which leaves me a golden King Kamehameha Pot Belly!*Omelet wholesome- pork adobo,loaded with golden brown fried rice, wrapped around with a layer of scramble eggs! It packs flavor! add aloha soy sauce on top of that for added zing pinoy power! Can i say this omelet looks phat!? no Fat with an F !!! Stop by this place you can't miss it, it has the orange logo, they even provide filipino food buffets as well, its not pricey, its located outside the strip. If you want to save some bones for the tables for the strip or losing dollas from the slots, this place is jackpot!Dear Elena's,Please open a restaurant in So Cal... Salamat
3	Staff was friendly and welcoming. Was excited to try this place after finding it on yelp with rave reviews. That being said I was underwhelmed. The food (or what I had) was just ok. I've read this is ilocano style food so it's not the exact style I grew up eating. We ordered adobo chicken fried rice omelet and a combo plate of pork adobo and pancit bihon. The omelet was good. The pork adobo had more vinegar and less soy than I cared for and pancit was bland and kinda dry. I know adobo is regional and I'll get a different adobo based on who is making it. It was good just not what I like. Was going to attempt the buffet but the food looked so sad sitting under that heat lamp. Overall it was just alright. I may go back to try the lechon and sinigang but not any time soon. I'll stick to kapit bahay for now.
5	YAY!  I'm a FAN OF ELENA's... And  again I drove up to Vegas and guess where my first stop was?  Elena's for the Lechon Special and Pork Adobo fried rice.  We got there just in time before they closed.  Although the server seemed like he was a little stressed out I enjoy coming here.  I think I scared him because I had my family from Hawaii meet us and we ordered a lot of food.  +13 right before closing... Sorry manong... Thank you for accommodating us...
4	Place was clean and service was helpful. Had the adobo fried rice, fried pork, and Sarciado shrimp. The meal was delicious.
3	Although some say that Las Vegas is Hawaii's 9th island, walking into Elena's - I was not expecting to see all the Ilima awards (a food award from Honolulu newspaper) and Hawaiian soft drinks on display. It was a shock of nostalgia. The whole place is orange - prepare yourself.In regards to the food, in my opinion, I felt that it was not anything too special (Got the Adobo Pork Omelette Rice). Though friends couldn't stop raving over the omelette rice dishes - filipino food IS a rare find though / a possible reason. A warning - taste the sauce for the eggrolls before you dip the eggroll in. You mayyy NOT like it. I got to say though - the banana lumpia was delish!!! (We got it whole plate of them for checking in on Yelp ;))We were helped by an amazing guy named Moses!
4	Food was A-ok but service was awesome!
5	Love the food and prices. The service was great and they refill your drink when it's halfways...
3	So the original gameplan was to go to Elena's for the AYCE in the morning/brunch hours...didn't happen. We were lounging by the pool too long. Needless to say, our family was famished by the time we arrived at Elena's which was around 6pm. The restaurant was strangely empty. I mean, nobody was in there...but us...and the employee. We were concerned that maybe they were still closed but left the door unlocked??? Hmmm...turns out they WERE open. We asked about the AYCE deal and "auntie" pointed us to the buffet of Filipino goodness!It reminded me of your typical Filipino house party -- utensils and plates, along with the steamed rice at the start of the buffet, followed by a long table of various Filipino foods. But in addition to the steamed rice, they also had their famouse pork adobo omelet. I was interested in seeing how delicious this was since during my recent trip to Vegas I was able to devour the Aloha Kitchen version. The verdict? It was pretty good - only since it's a buffet, you're cutting a portion from the omelet (which they btw refill). At Aloha Kitchen, you get an entire portion to yourself. I'm sure the same is true if you were to order this a la carte.I LOVED their pork adobo, their dinuguan and their pansit (bihon mixed with canton noodles are my fave). The meat had that fatty goodness and it really reminded me of my Mom's cooking. They also had chicken adobo, pinakbet, sari sari, long noodles, pusit, fried chicken, menudo (which I enjoyed) and a couple of other dishes I might be missing. What I wish was part of the buffet was kare-kare and lumpia. We did however try their lumpias (both shanghai and vegetable). It was just OK to me. There is something in their veggie lumpia that was stringy...not your typical sprouts. We ordered halo-halo too...I thought this was a miss. But just my opinion. Overall, pretty good service, pricing ($8.99 for AYCE) and the food was authentic. I'd come back for sure and maybe this time I'd order off their menu since I already tried their AYCE. :)
5	I was attracted by their video on their website. I made the mistake of watching it while studying in the library, and I was extremely hungary. needless to say, I immediately packed my school bag, got in my car, and drove to Elena's.and i'm so happy i did.My nanay passed away 6 years ago. She has not cooked for me since I was 12 or 13 years old. The food I got from Elena's.... tasted just like nanay's. It was surreal. It was exactly how I remembered her chicken adobo, pansit, and lumpiang shanghai. the soup was delicious as well.I will be back every week. This is food for the soul right here.
5	5 stars for service, 5 stars for the food.  Theo, the owner, is incredible.  Like shut-the-front-door incredible.  I took my family here as an introduction to Filipino food.  They're Chinese, and for any Asian, Filipino food is just...different.  They were hesitant.  I had already warned them that the food was likely greasy, b/c I've been to 3 other Filipino places in Vegas, and they've all been swimming in the grease.  Anyways, I told Theo that this was their first time and also mentioned that my fiancee and I chose his restaurant b/c we'd been to the branch in Oahu and luv'd it.  So he took care of us.  Really took care of us.  In addition to the free soda we got for checking in, he brought out two extra entrees...on the house.  Here is what we ordered:- chicken long rice- clear rice noodles with shredded chicken.  Solid.- original fried rice omelet- savory goodness.  The take of this classic dish wins me over.  It's their signature dish.  Order it at least once.    - chicken adobo- succulent chicken.  a filipino classic.  dip with a vinegar-ey sauce.- gisantes- a pork entree that is a little tart.  interesting. not a bad item, but we had so much incredible food, that this took longer to finish.- dinguan- surprisingly good.  I don't normally go for blood, but the blood was more a part of the sauce, so not a bad dish.  I'd eat it again.- pinakbet- pretty good.  We ordered a lot of meat heavy dish, so this was refreshing.  I didn't get a piece of the bitter melon, so I can't tell you how bitter it was.  (Some restaurants don't balance it with enough savoriness).- pansit- popular with our table.  I wished I got more of it.  - lechon- You must order this.  Crispy pork rind.  Very good.- Pig Feet Lauya- I know this is a bit adventurous for some.  Please do yourself a favor and order this dish.  The skin and the meat around this portion of the pig is just so succulent and...ahhh, I'm salivating thinking about it.  I can't wait to go back and order it again. - shanghai lumpia- I prefer my mother's Viet eggrolls, but these were good.- banana lumpia- good.  I like fried banana desserts, so I had to try this.  It does not compare to pisang goreng, but we liked it enough.Nothing we ate was not yummy.  I'm afraid that my review is not helpful, since it's not critical.  But I could not be happier with my experience there.  The best part was that the food was not a bit greasy.  A great success with my family.  Please come and support a wonderful local business.
5	Great Food. Even though they are far away from where i live its worth going to. :)
5	Wow. Everything was bomb. Ordered the Lechon kawali, pork sinigang, adobo, and the number one thing the pork adobo fried ride omelette. Really really good! The omelette is a must here! I really recommend this place! The staff is absolutely positively super friendly!
4	The atmosphere was very homey (and orange) and the servers were nice. You walk in and order at the counter, then sit down and wait to be served. Or you can order to go if you want. BF and I tried the pork adobo omelette and a 2-item combo of dinuguan and chicken adobo. Their adobo is different than other filipino adobo we've had before, but in a good way! It certainly was not as salty or greasy. There is an AYCE buffet if thats your thing. I believe its around 9-10 dollars? Overall, good food, good selection, decent prices, and generous portions. Good option if youre in the area and craving filipino food :)
4	This was our second visit to Elena's Filipino Restaurant.  Recently I had the lunch special which included chicken noodle soup, pork adobo, rice and pansit.  My hubby had sari sari, chicken adobo, pinakbet and rice.  We shared our entrees with our daughter.  The food was delicious and reminded us of our Filipino home cooking.  We like the mellow atmosphere of the restaurant because it wasn't too busy or overcrowded, they play island music, and the service was friendly.  Just so you know, the restaurant is decorated in orange and with orange butterflies, and also they have another location in Hawaii which won restaurant food awards. We'll be back again soon when we're in Vegas.
5	Every bit as good as the one in Hawaii.  The Lechon Special is so flavorful.  Very similar to sisig....but better.
4	Love the lechon special and the dinuguan
4	Stopped in here after reading the reviews and liked it.  It was on a Saturday late afternoon so I opted for the buffet.  Although small it was sarap, I miss my late wife's Bicolana cooking and so I had to try a bit of everything.  Dineguan sari sari ginitan all very tasty.  I don't think you will be disappointed with the food or atmosphere, an even the  karoke.  Thanks to all the people there who made this matandang kano feel, at least for a little while that I was back in the Phil's. Oscar
5	My mom brought back food from here. My family has a way with supporting other Filipinos. They have a very diverse market of Filipino baked goods as well as imported foods.
4	They gave us big servings for a decent price unlike other filipino restaurants that charge you $10 for one small plate of pancit. The owners and staff are also  very friendly especially of you are filipino.
4	Thanks Keoni W for the invite and setup. I didn't know/remember most of what he ordered for our small group, but it was all very good and comforting. This weekday afternoon was just dead, so the only sounds you probably would hear were our mouths noshing and munching. Good stuff, man!
1	Yeah, the food was delicious, but BE CAREFUL IF PAYING WITH A CREDIT CARD! Compare your receipt to your actual posted bank or credit card charge. On June 5, 2012, my order total was $25.38, but when I checked my bank account online, I noticed the charge was $27.38. Unless there is a $2.00 charge for carryout that I overlooked when placing my order, I don't know where the extra $2.00 charge came from. Hindi karapat-dapat sa pagtitiwala (translation: untrustworthy).
3	the lechon special was crispy and delicious, same for the lumpia shanghai.. the dinuguan, however.. bland, tasteless. the guy who took the orders -- no customer service whatsoever. he looked pissed at the world for having to work there, lol. the end.
4	Just came here today with my family after reading the reviews. My family were a little mad that I wanted to eat here, considering we hadn't eaten anything the entire morning and had to wait some more for the food to cook. However, when the food came, they took back what they said. The food was delicious! Also, the atmosphere of the restaurant is nice with the butterflies on the walls as well as the island music playing in the background. I would definitely come back here again.
4	I can't do a fair review on all the other filipino food offered at Elena's, I'm only half filipino. What I LOVE is their fried rice omelets! Fluffy fried rice with your choice of meats including pork adobo and wrapped with a delicate egg blanket. Whenever we have a potluck at work, the expectation from all my coworkers, filipino, haole or whatever is that Bootsy brings the friend rice omelets. I am from Hawaii and frequented their restaurant in Waipahu on a regular basis. So glad they opened up in Las Vegas, especially so close to my job. Now if I crave real Hawaiian food, I go to Island Flavor on Durango but that's a whole nother story (5 star).
3	When I crave Filipino food ,it's Elena's for me, I've tried other places and don't find it as good ,IMO.  I had the 3 choice plate for 7.99 . I chose mongo beans with pork, pork adobo and pinakbet.            Pork adobo was tender and flavorful , but too fatty and I like pork fat. I just don't like pork fat chunks.           Mongo beans needed a little seasoning but otherwise was good once I added some salt.        Pinakbet was delicious it was fresh and had a clean flavor , bitter melon and eggplant was cooked perfect not to bitter. Overall I think I would give it a 3 1/2 stars.        This is the spot for me when I want Filipino food for me. I will be back
3	My family and friends are going to be really disappointed in me for even giving this place less than 5 stars.  I'm 75% Filipino and have eaten my share of flip food.  But I have to say, I've had better.  Usually when I've eaten here, it's their $9.99 buffet.  Buffet consist of your typical Filipino food like Chicken Adobo, Lechon, Pancit, etc.  My issue is with food stock and service.  I get the best service when my mom is in town, but the worst when with friends.  They also do not keep enough food in stock at their buffet.  Their Adobo Fried Rice is pretty good.  Other than that, I think I will stick to Mom and Dad's cooking when I'm in California to visit.  The last time I was here, it was close to 2 hour's long.  Not because I was eating like there's no tomorrow, but because I was constantly waiting for their food to be ready.  My review, like all other reviews, is just my opinion.  My family and friends swear by this place and love it.  Just me, I'm not a fan.NOTE:  Free drink if you check in through Yelp. Whoohoo!!  I didn't even get that on my last visit.
1	We went to check this out couple of days ago. Do they have a new cook? New recipe? I don't know where all the 4 stars came from...I had their leeching special with tomatoes and onions. It was so salty and you see the granules of the MSG all over. Nothing special at all. My husband ordered the adobo omelet..again nothing special about it. The adobo was so bland just like their pancit. I think they forgot to put soy sauce. The shanghai lumpia was burnt!And customer service is horrible...the young man that took our order seemed to be unhappy and I'm not surprised if their food is not good at all...Sorry I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone!
4	This is the closest I can get to good Filipino food like they do it in Hawaii. FRIED SILET, FRIED SILET, FRIED SILET!!! Now i'm not one to eat crazy things like liver, tripe, chicken blood or a baby chicken...but I will eat fried intestines. Sorry I know this sounds horrible but it's so good. The sari sari is delicious too. Almost as good as my dad's which I get every week. The Lechon Special is not oily or too crispy. I ate my fair share of all these dishes and then some. I had waited about 6 months to come here, and it was certainly worth the weight!!! I loved it! The restaurant decor could use a little help...ok maybe a lot of help. And it's kind of weird that they have this big screen tv in the middle of the restaurant,The server was friendly and had the island character. I almost felt like I was back in Waipahu.
2	I am not sure what the hype was with this place. We ordered the oxtail and you could not eat the meat off the bone. It couldve been that they were closing. Will I give them another shot, maybe if there wasnt any other places to choose from.
4	All you can eat  Filipino buffet for $ 6.99 ... HOllllla thats in my price range! For a brown boy on a budget that's a deal yo! haha! Ok maybe im not that brown im part chinese so yellow? This lovely establishment is located on Dessert Inn and Eastern.. in the ROSS shopping center..The buffet is has about 5-12 items a bit small but it had all my favorites such as;Chicken adoboPancitAdobo Fried RiceAnd a few other ones i do not know the name of. $6.99 can't go wrong for an all you can eat.. If you do not wish to do the all you can eat you can order ala cart but it would be silly not to do the all you can eat since the ala cart will equal to that amount.. just stick to the items i mentioned! heheI must warn you the presentation is not that great and the food does not look to appealing, maybe they need to put more lights  in the place, but trust! im a Filipino and the food is good!Try now! can't beat a 6.99 filipino food buffet. I'm not even sure if there is such a thing here in vegas..
4	This place reminds me of their home based establishment in Hawaii. Just having returned from home nearly two weeks the craving for HI food hit. I had heard Elena's was in Vegas but was never able to pin point their location. Until now! The restaurant is roomy but was nearly empty when we arrived. We sat down quickly to review the menu. The woman serving us was a gem. She checked up on us continuously and never let our drinks get half way through before she refilled. Asking us how the food was and if we wanted extra rice at no charge was great too! I ordered the two choice combo. Chicken and pork adobo. The chicken adobo was by far my favorite of the two. The pork was great too but I couldn't get enough of the chicken. My gf ordered pansit and another meat dish (not sure of the name) she said very little during our consumption and with an empty plate I'd say they gained another regular. We also ordered the halo halo on the way out. While it was good we have had better. Which is why the four stars and not the five.
1	1 star because I don't have a choice. We tried the AYCE & what a big disappointment. Lechon special was definitely old (chewy & not crispy), pork adobo was tasteless & vegetable was overcooked. I'm surprised this has a 4-star rating! Skip!!!
3	This was our first time ordering from a Filipino restaurant- we did take out. The only Filipino food I'd had up to this point was my friends moms cooking. We ordered the pansit & the chicken adobo. The chicken was really good but the pansit was pretty bland. There wasn't much else on the menu that appealed to us. We won't be ordering again- I think Filipino food just isn't really our thing.
3	HALO-HALO CHALLENGE 2013 - Contender #1Impromptu stop here for halo-halo after sushi with the boyfriend.  I've never been to Elena's and supposedly it's popular, but on a Thursday night at 7:45pm, the place was deserted.  We each got an order of the popular Filipino dessert, which traditionally consists of shaved ice, evaporated milk and a plethora of other ingredients, ranging from leche flan, ube (purple yam), ice cream, coconut (macapuno), sweet potato, plaintain, jackfruit (langka), red beans, and some sort of gelatin.  The said fruits and beans are placed in a cup or bowl first, then the shaved ice, then the ube and/or ice cream, and finally the evaporated milk is poured over the whole thing.  Halo-halo means "mix-mix" and that's what you do--mix that whole thing up and consume.  Well, we've now decided to do a tour of Vegas for the best halo-halo; this was not it.  We got four ingredients in our halo-halo here:  ube ice cream, vanilla ice cream, the coconut, and some sort of gelatin. I should have known it would just be okay because the menu sign says, "no beans," next to the halo-halo menu item. Not the best version--no leche flan, either!  So, on to the next place.
3	2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE:  Both Terri R and I completed the Vegas 100 Yelp Challenge.  New challenge...who has the best Halo-Halo in the valley.  Elena's was our first restaurant to visit.  First impression wasn't good since we were immediately told upon walking in that we couldn't stay long because they close in 30 minutes.  Then there's the actual main attraction, their Halo-Halo.  Decently priced, this dessert was missing red beans and flan.  I was already disappointed from that alone.  I finished my Halo-Halo and it was just okay. I've never been a huge fan of Elena's Pinoy Food and their Halo-Halo was no different.  PS:  Refer to Terri R's review of Elena's for more details on their Halo-Halo.  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw
