5	Washing my car is something I hate doing. As a matter of fact I never do it. I think this is because of my former career as a M1A1 tank driver. We were responsible for cleaning that beast. Needless to say, I hate cleaning vehicles.Thank God for this Weiss Guys!Their rates are reasonable if you use coupons or former receipts. And the job they do seems satisfactory for me. But I am not the pickiest person either. As long as my truck looks semi-descent then I am happy. Having a starbucks next door helps to pass the time as well.
2	This place drives me crazy. I went once a couple months back and hated it. The person that asks what kind of wash you want would not stop up selling me. I decided to never go back. Then they put up a sign saying the place was under new management. I went back and it was worse than before. the guy wouldn't quit up selling me. Then the window crack lady jumped on me. Then it took forever to do the wash. I won't be going back...ever!
4	This is my favorite car wash around here. They do a great job. It's not like I'd like to hang out there or anything. But for 15 dollars they'll very thoroughly clean your entire car inside and out. They blow all the stray water from inbetween the seems of your body panels. Clean the windows. Clean your tires and wheels. Shine your dash. Everything. *** Don't forget to tip! ***
1	Worst car wash I've ever had. They ended up scratching my windows, what kind of car wash does that. I regret coming here now. Don't come here.
2	ALWAYS trying to upsell me on a number of services...high pressure too. I usually point out something that needs special attention (dog hair in the back seat, crumbs on the floor, etc) and they consistently proceed to do a half ass vacuum job. Two stars because the outside of the car usually looks nice and the inside is wiped down pretty well.. Overall, however, these guys need to step up their game. I used to bring my car here when it was under previous ownership and was always pleased with the service. Now I would prefer to drive 10-15 miles further to get a superior car wash.
1	i think this is now operating under the name francis and sons. regardless, you can pay for a better wash, but you'll still only get the basic. then when you go back to ask about the additional services you paid for but didn't get, you'll get glares. save your money, don't go here.
