4	This is the largest Party City store I've been to. I like this Party City because they have discounted greeting cards. The Party City back at home removed the greeting cards :( Anyway, it was fun to look through the clearance Christmas items, the upcoming Valentine's day, and even Easter stuff! I'm surprised that this Party City doesn't completely remove their Halloween costumes and items. The Halloween gear was behind a wall. Maybe I wasn't suppose to go behind the wall.. Party City is always a fun place for party decorations and gifts.
1	My wife had pre bought some balloons for our sons birthday. When I went in to get them filled up I got a very condescending attitude with not even a hello. I was told that with out the receipt I couldn't prove I bought those balloons at their store so I would have to pay for them again. I think I was only let out without shoplifting charges because I had known how busy they were with a large order earlier in the morning when my wife tried to fill the balloons then. My wife is very good at keeping needed receipts so IF she had been told to keep it she would have. When I came to the counter and mentioned I needed the package of balloons filled. I got no greeting or cordiality just where's your receipt. You want a kid in their teens rudely playing authority to the people that purchase the products, i.e. parents. That's fine I'll have our family take the business elsewhere.
1	Tonight I was on the hunt for a Superman Pinata for my friends son. After ending up at two Party City Locations that no longer exist, I found my self at the 83rd and Bell location. While they had not much in the way of Superman anything they were helpful and called over to this location for me. After talking on the phone to Zack the cashier and asking very specifically if they had Superman pinatas and balloons, I was informed that he had said Yes, they had all of that. I was very excited and headed over. You can imagine my disappointment when I arrived and was faced with the fact that not only did they NOT have either of the items but that they had even less Superman birthday supplies than the store I had just come from. When I told Zack this he looked over at the balloon counter and proceeded to say,  oh we don't?I asked to speak to the manager. I was very surprised when it turned out to be Hayden, who I had interrupted a few moments earlier as she waltzed through the store on her cell phone. She was uncaring and somewhat amused about the entire situation asking me what I would like her to do about it. When I said that I believed there should be a write up or corrective action she told me that she wasn't able to do either of those things as the store manager. She said that she would leave a note for the general manager. When I asked if he actually worked at that location she told me that he wouldn't be there tomorrow but the next day. I took the stores number, because apparently that's the only number he can be reached at, and their names and will deal with it accordingly myself. I will never step foot in that store ever again. The level of professionalism is so low that it is staggering.
1	I am very disappointed with party city store. I went today and bought a helium filled power ranger balloon. Every where you go even the dollar store, they will tie the string with a piece of plastic disc to prevent the ballon from flying away, but no at party city you have to pay extra for it. Sham sham sham on you party city... I  will never shop again at party city. I am going to continue blogging about it because they are cheep just want to make money!!!!!!!!!! How much does it coast you? a Penney??? Very disappointed.
