4	I recently went to a friend's birthday party here.  She had a group of 30, and they were very accomodating.  The theme of the restaurant seems jumbled and confused.  They are trying to be a sports bar aimed at women, which is strange in itself because I tend to think women like manly sports bars where there are..well, MEN!  The food was okay.  They were serving a prix fix dinner due to the size of our party.  They started with a caesar salad, which was bland. Next they served this crispy roasted chicken over southern hashbrowns.  I'm not sure that's exactly what it was, but that's what it looked like.  The chicken was actually very good.  I think the sides included green beans but I didn't try any of the sides.  The meal overall was good.  I didn't stay for dessert but I heard it was good as well.Overall I had fun and I think my friend had a great time.  There were no mishaps with the service or food so that's a huge plus considering the size and craziness of our group.  For that, I give them 4 stars.
5	GREAT food & great atmosphere !Fun trendy lively atmosphere , Great dj Same owners as STK Great for watching sports games high end sports lounge. Their fries are to die for so is their steak & chicken  . .  Their cucumber cocktail is delicious
4	We had tickets to see Bill Maher who was performing at the Palms Hotel.  We walked all around the hotel and we weren't coming up with a place to eat.  All we wanted to do was grab a quick bite and some drinks.  One of the hotel staff recommended Heraea, so we tried it.  On a whole the food and service was up to par and generally was served quickly and correctly. I'm not giving this review 5 stars because it was really nuts in there when we were there trying to have a relaxed bite.  March Madness was in full swing and patrons were really into cheering loudly and clapping hands, high fiving etc. in response to which game on what TV they were cheering for.  It was almost competitive when it came to who could yell louder.  That's hard on your nerves when you are trying to have a relaxed dinner. Take note, have no doubt, this is a sports bar and fans will yell and cheer when their teams are doing good and when their teams are doing poorly.
5	I've never been to a sports bar with such great food, makes Buffalo Wild Wings seem like a soup kitchen. Had the NY strip, can't really make it any better. Had this waiter named Zaben or Zabin, and he couldn't have been more accommodating. We watched UFC 159 there, and I'd like to make this my usual place for those ppv's from now on.
4	Heraea was the next stop... The decor was superb, with about 7 flat screen TV plastered on the wall, and with nice plush lounges (tables were available as well). I consider Heraea to be a high end sports bar ,with high end food. As we sat down and looked over the menu we decided to keep it simple and just order off the appetizer menu. We chose the: Crab & Spinach Dip (Jumbo Crab, Aged Cheddar with Corn Chips), Little Kobe Burgers, Tuna Tarare (with mango salsa and avocado mousse), and of course a few drinks. As we waited for our appetizers to arrive our server brings out bread with this green dipping sauce. I must say we waited for some time for our appetizers to arrive (I mean they're just appetizers). After about 30 minutes or so our food finally arrives! I was highly disappointed in the crab & spinach dip! I think they forgot to add in the "Jumbo Crab" because all you can taste is the spinach and cheddar. Any who, on to the next appetizer. My Tuna Tartare Tacos were tiny! It was literally a fried taro chip bent like a taco. It was one bite and it came with 4. I had to send it back because my lips were tingling up a bit and my throat was really itchy (thanks to the avocado mousse). The only thing that was delicious were our drinks and the Kobe Burgers. Overall, if you're looking for a place to watch some sports and have a few drinks then Heraea is the spot to be!
1	The dj is horrid.. takes a long time to a get a drink, if you sit in the booths. the food came out cold. Had to send the burger back, asked for it without sauce and they put it on anyway. The bloody mary tasted bland.
5	Try the Miso Sea Bass definitely a plus.  Cocktails are on point.  Staff was great.  Atmosphere was the best.  Don't go if you want a nice intrimate dinner - its Vegas for goodness sakes - be loud and have fun.  Appetizers were all delicious - its a must try restaurant and a most go back again, kinda place.
1	This place has gone so downhill since I last went.  We went here for a big birthday party where we were charged per head.  We gave them a headcount but some extra friends showed up to say happy birthday and get drinks from the bar.  They didn't even eat or sit at our tables and the server charged us extra for them for standing around our table or sitting down to take photos.  The service was horrible when we tried to argue with them about this.The crowd during dinner seemed okay but around 10pm, this place is beyond ghetto.  Most of our huge group went into the casino to wait for my gf and I as we tried to figure out the bill with the server and we were harassed by a ton of guys in the most disrespectful manner.  It was just a gross place.  NEVER would come back here or recommend it to anyone EVER.
2	Slow/bad service, sub par food, slightly better than the 24/7 cafe with a better view. The chicken sandwich was the only thing worth it's salt. Also, they say the fries are hand cut but they are absolutely not.
3	Came here last Monday for Lunch and as for the place itself, very nice. Nice atmosphere with such a cool ambiance. They also have a pool side seating which is nice. They have two sections, one section is for lunch which is located in the back of the restaurant (by the pool) and the second is the main dining area which is open for dinner. Upstairs they also have private rooms, one which over looks the pool and comes with a pool table, very cool.Now for the food,....what can I say except for I've had better. It's not completely horrible but definitely you can get more for your buck somewhere else. If the food was great then yea, the price doesn't mater, but in this case it wasn't. The food was bland, the coffee was cold and over price really for the amount of food you get.To start I ordered the tuna tartare tacos (which I will admit were delicious) the shellfish platter, spinach and crab dip and the chicken fingers. The shellfish platter was good but way too much (the price I mean) the spinach and crab dip was good but way too garlicky and the fingers had way too much breading. Then I ordered the Philly and the steak salad, the Philly was ok. The steak salad was more of a Chinese salad and very pricey just because it had steak.Overall, I liked the restaurant itself and the food isn't all that bad if they weren't so pricey. But Like I always say, we all have different opinions and different palates so don't take the word of one reviewer, go and try it for yourself!  :-)Don't forget to look at the attached pictures I took.
2	So I have to say that I ate here during a lunch break at an event I was attending and they seemed completely overwhelmed by the sudden influx of people. So perhaps this place is much better under different circumstances.They stopped serving anything except a salad or a chicken salad sandwich - to save time with the big group and we could choose from water or soda - and the soda was actually in a can. So like I said, this may have been a special situation - from the photos an and other reviews they obviously USUALLY serve more than that - but I have to say, most likely .. i won't be back. The servers seemed totally clueless and several times they just ignored us and hurried by when we were waving at them.A really lame experience. In Vegas there are SOOOO many great meals to be had that I felt like I had cheated myself out of the opportunity for one.
1	Can u do a quarter star? What were they going for with this place? If they were going for over-priced ,poorly thought out selections on a pseudo fashionable menu with small portions ; crappily prepared they hit the nail on the head. And the service was mediocre
2	After seeing the ads & billboards my boyfriend and I decided to check this place out. Expectation prior to going in based on ads: I expected a female friendly sports bar with hot female servers dressed in sports wear and awesome STK quality food.  Atmosphere: Didn't hit the expectation. It is actually feels like you are just sitting in a regular sports book. I expected a real restaurant...Service: Decent. Although, the servers weren't sexy females like the ads suggest. Instead, I was served by a male in suspenders. Food: -Pretzel Hot Dogs: Where is the pretzel? I don't know... My dogs were wrapped in a super dry croissant type bread. The ones I make at the house for $2 are WAY better and don't taste re-heated. - Truffle Sliders: Tasty, but I expected more than two sliders for $15. - Fried Green Beans: I liked the chili sauce and they tasted good. Saddest Part?? My coffee was stale... I think they served me coffee from the AM shift or something... I couldn't even drink it. Overall Feeling???? The most disappointing $60 I ever spent! Small portion sizes at High prices. Skippppp It unless you are only going there to watch a game.
4	Such a great experience. We initially tried to eat at the Palms Place - Simon restaurant but they closed at 9p. So we walked over to the Palms Casino starving. With 7 girls it was hard to find a place that had something we could all enjoy. Some of us are vegetarians,  one pescetarian, and the rest omnivores. This place had a great variety. We ordered a Corpse Reviver #2 which wasn't on the menu, but they made it, and it was great. The tuna taretare tacos seemed to be the favorite. And the sports vibe wasn't too overwhelming.
4	We stopped here twice on our recent Vegas trip. Once for lunch and once just for drinks and a snack. On both visits, we took advantage of the Beautiful Vegas weather and ate on the Patio. Yes, being from Wisconsin, 112 degrees is beautiful to me!For lunch I had the Blackened Fish Tacos with Fresh Corn Tortillas, Cilantro Slaw, Tomatillo Salsa and Lime. The fish was moist and tender with a great, spicy, crunchy crust. the other components of the dish added a ton of well balanced flavor. Diane had the Breakfast Burrito which had Scrambled Eggs, Bacon, Cheddar, Onion and Tomato inside a Flour Tortilla. I stole a couple bites and it was pretty good. I did like her side salad better than my fries.On our second visit we shared a very good order of Potato Skins. More than enough for two, they were loaded with Cheese, Bacon, Creme Fraiche and Scallions.We liked our drinks so much we ordered the same ones on both days. I had the Cinn City Margarita and Diane had the Perfect Pear. The staff was friendly, helpful and efficient. We entered the Patio from the pool, so I can't really address the accessibility of the restaurant itself. I'll leave that for the next visit!
1	Very disappointed.... We had high expectations had rented the skybox suite and other than semi decent service (all men by the way) the food was edible at best and the specialty cocktails were mostly undrinkable. I didn't think it was possible to under deliver this much. If you come to eat stick to the appetizers. The breakfast burrito might be the worst one I've ever had.
5	Amazing sports bar! My friend invited me for the 2013 NFL Season opening game for the Broncos vs Ravens this past Thursday. For being located off the strip at the Palms Casino, this new venue had state of the art sound and an awesome high definition TV/projecter setup. Many local people were here to party with the tourist and view the games. I ordered some beers and loved the Siracha flavored buffalo wings. I will definitely try to come here for a power lunch or dinner to test out the other food!
5	We ate here after Ditch Fridays and while I've been to The Palms on many occasions, this was my first visit to Heraea. Our server, Marcin, was very attentive and extremely knowledgeable about the menus. We had started with two appetizers: the Crispy Green Beans and the Loaded Skins. The green beans were tasty alone but the dipping sauce was an even better accompaniment. The potatoes were definitely enough for the 3 of us, especially with the green beans. On Marcin's recommendation, I chose the Chopped Salad with Chicken and loved it. Normally I don't like raw onions, nor olives, but both veggies were in proportion with the rest of the salad's ingredients. The flavors melded nicely. I appreciated the fact my salad wasn't swimming in dressing. I also ordered the Macaroni and Cheese to share with one of my friends and we both enjoyed it. The addition of Asiago cheese was flavorful and reminded me of my brother-in-law's version. Sooooo good!!!! My companions enjoyed their entrees as well (I don't recall what they ordered).The three of us shared the Lemon Cheesecake for dessert. I was uncertain as I'm not a huge fan of citrus-flavored cheesecake. However, this wasn't overpowering. I had a Hera's Limelight cocktail with my dessert. The only thing I'd change about the drink is requesting a sugared rim, instead of the crushed graham cracker rim. We sat at in the main part of the restaurant and enjoyed the multiple baseball and preseason football games that were on. Between the three of us, we spent approximately $30/each, including the cocktails, tax and tip. Will definitely stop in the next time we are at The Palms.
5	It is one of the best sports bars I have been to to date I love the food all of the people especially they have the best Waitress in life and her name is Janezza. She makes you feel like you're not even in a sports bar that you're in a fine dining restaurant.
5	While visiting Vegas from California, we thought it would be great to use our Groupon for Heraea's since we were staying at The Palms. I figured this place would be a great treat for my husband. The Raiders/Broncos game was on and we felt like this place made the football game feel like an event no one on earth should miss. During commercial breaks the DJ was blasting body pumping jams it felt like I was in a nightclub, then as a oon as the commercial break was over the music stopped and the game was turned back up. You name it, we had it! Appetizers, burgers, salads, wings. All was yummy!Just awesome overall experience. Our colorful and fun waiter Patrick was great and attentive. I wished we could go back again the next day! Groupon scored with this one !
4	Amazing service, thanks James and Jordan. The entire staff here is warm and friendly. We ordered sky high nachos, (see food spotting) there were enough for 6 people! Had a delicious Mediterranean  salad too! Huge portions, lively atmosphere and a great set up for viewing your favorite sport..
2	Food quality is average at best. Most of the food tastes frozen and lacks flavor. Very expensive for food quality.
