5	I took a suitcase here to have a zipper replaced and I could not be happier with their work! My suitcase's zipper was replaced and it now works better than ever - all the zippers do because they worked their magic and made them all run smoother than ever - and they even took the time to move the tassel from the old zipper to the new one! This place is highly recommended - it will defiantly be my go-to for repairing shoes, luggage, etc...
5	My 10 year old got a pair of boots from my dad who has als. Obviously these meant the world to my little boy but the heel broke of one. I first took them up the street parodies family who quoted 45.00!!!!??? I could glue the heal for 1.75 myself. He said he need to do both pairs. Anyway I decided to get a second opinion and came here. They fixed the one by redoing it for only 15.00!!!  I'm very happy and pleased with them. The boots were probably not worth much but I was treated as if they were.
1	Resoled motorcycle boots only lasted two rides.  When I brought them back with new soles they said they'd attach them using "stronger glue".  When the new soles didn't fit I said forget it and asked for a refund.  They refused - even after I suggested they probably should have used the "stronger glue" the first time.   I'll never go near that place again and wish I'd put the $50 towards the replacement boots....
5	I have had nothing but wonderful experiences bringing shoes and purses here. I think I first came across Cobblestone just trying to find a shoe repair near my house. I found their work to be very good, repairing shoes that they told me upfront they didn't know if they could fix but then, thankfully, were able to. I actually spent $50 once repairing a pair of shoes that cost me only $70 to begin with since they were one of my favorites - women should know what I'm talking about. All the straps had to be resewn since they were falling apart. My mom was so impressed with their work that she started bringing things out here from CA to get fixed (a few of which her local repair person said they could not fix). The last pair of shoes I brought in about a month ago they told me from the get go could not be repaired and if they just glued them, they'd quickly fall apart and I wouldn't be happy. The same pleasant young guy has been at the counter since I've been going there. If you have something in need of repair, I would give them a try.
