4	Update: I was sorry to hear that a fellow yelper discovered my favorite sushi restaurant in Phoenix has closed. If anyone has any information regarding the owners (if they reopened somewhere else) or otherwise, feel free to email me through the Yelp system. They knew me by first name and I considered them friends with the level of service they had given me. I would love to know where they are now. I'm also sorry that I wasn't still living in phoenix to still patronize their business and keep them going (if it came down to paying the rent). I cant think of many restaurants I feel this way about. Good luck to the Mishima family wherever you are now.below is my original review from 2006:This is my favorite DL (downlow) Sushi restaurant when I visit the Phoenix area. I have very special reasons for this... The restaurant is owned by a Japanese couple that run the whole restaurant themselves. The husband prepares the food, while the wife waits on the tables. It is a real labor of love! I always enjoy restaurants where they remember me personally and treat me like family. This is one of those places!  The menu is almost limitless, Mishima San (Mr. Mishima) is trained in all culinary areas and make you almost anything you want (food stock providing). The Ox tail is particularly good, as is the Unagi Don (grilled eel over rice). Don't forget to try the Sashimi, if travelling in a group- get an excellent deal on the Sushi  boat. Most Japanese beers are in stock, so I usually choose Orion from Okinawa(light full bodied flavor). It is usually the hardest beer to find at Japanese restaurants. This is a small Izakiya style restaurant that has a family atmosphere, and the bathroom is clean!. Anything it lacks is well made up for with flavor and old world style Japanese hospitality. Oishkata!!! (delicious)... Enjoy:)
4	Based on friendliness factor alone, I would love to give this place a glowing five-star recommendation. The husband and wife who own and operate Sushi Mishima handle your entire experience gracefully and could not be any nicer without being too nice. The wife acts as the waitress while the husband prepares all of the sushi. Initially, the menu was a little underwhelming. The Cali Rolls and Spicy Tuna rolls were about as exotic as it got. However, when we asked about specialty rolls, the response was, "What do you want?" We ended up with a Philly roll, a Caterpillar roll and a Tootsie Roll, all made to order based on our requests. If you're not sure what is in a particular roll that you like, you might want to look up its ingredients before you head in so you can have it made exactly as you like it. I was impressed with their flexibility, but wasn't blown away by the quality. All in all, this place is a great find. The rolls themselves are abnormally large, however, so it might be a good idea to order two at a time until you're full. Or just bring some doggie bags home.
1	CLOSED!You'll have better luck finding something to munch on at the Savers next door. Dust bunnies, anyone?
