4	AZN opened earlier in the week but quietly.  It is located in the back end of Piedmont Center in South Park (across from the YMCA)Really like the look inside.  Comfortable and not overly stamped Asian Cuisine.  We were seated promptly and had exceptional service throughout our meal.  IF they had a learning curve, they didn't show it, or everyone in there are true pros.I will always shy away from Sushi on my first visit to a restaurant.  You do not need to do this here.  They have a serious Sushi set up and it all looked amazing.The menu is deep and interesting.  There are several Asian twist on your usual suspects.  Example, and what I had was 2 Tenderloin medallions (4oz each), vegetable montage, mashed potatoes and this sauce.... oh my... a black pepper butter cream.  That sauce will get me back again and again.The wine menu is fun and that is hard to say in a restaurant saturated South Park.If you do nothing... go and have their apple dessert.  First off it is smart, and then it is delicious.  It is possibly one of the more clever desserts I have had and well worth the trip.Pricing is fair.I would only give a 5th star if I go back and it still rocks it.  Consistency will get the 5th.
2	So we finally went there for lunch today.  The decor and everything was really nice, the bar area was big, a lot of dining space and a sushi bar.  They also have an upsairs but the staircase looked to be under consturction still.  I'm going to go ahead and get right to the food though.  The main conclusion....we're still hungry.We got the bento box which came with a dish, rice, spring roll, and salad.  The dressing on the salad was really good, and I did enjoy the spring roll.I got the Thai Basil Chicken.  It looked really good and it wasn't bad but it didn't taste like thai chicken to me.  I don't know if it's cause they used a soy garlic sauce but when I think of thai I think of a sauce with coconut milk.  It could have been much better.  No, it should have been much better.My friend also got a bento box.  She go the General Tzu's Chicken but with brown rice, which also has a $1 extra charge for, as well as fried rice.  Well....we don't think the rice was actually brown.  It looks like white rice that was turned brown and fried with eggs.  She even asked the waiter to make sure it was actually brown rice and he said yes.  Definitely not a healthy option if that's what you're looking for so don't bother with it.  It's a waste of the $1.  But that's not it, the chicken was just not good.  It was so bland and flavorless and quite disappointing.  It probably ruined the whole box experience.  I don't think she was very happy with her meal at all.From their menu it looks like AZN is trying to get a decent mix of different Asian styles on their menu.  But most of what we had really lacked in flavor and that's what makes Asian food so great.  So if you want reasonably priced Chinese food that's still really good, you're better off going to Baoding.  And to get much better Thai food, go to Deejai Thai.  Both much better and highly recommended options.I was hoping this place would be great, mainly because of it's convenience but honestly I'm not sure if I want to go back any time soon.  I know it's still new and they probably have a few kinks to work out so I'm not ruling it out completely.  And I am still curious about their sushi so I'll be going back.  I'm just not in a rush.
3	Definitely a place to visually impress your guests! It's in a perfect location, the decor is fantastic, and the space is ready for a giant party! There were three things I was impressed with: the patio, the bathroom, and the water feature wall. The patio is spacious and welcoming right off of Piedmont Row. The women's bathroom had two stalls, but was well decorated and lit and they have seat liners as bonus. Last, the water feature was nicely done. I can't say enough about the ambiance and decor!Now to the food. The sushi was good and comes at an elevated price than their competitors. My husband ordered the bento box and I ordered the lo mien and we both left unsatisfied. The taste was bland, unless you're a fan of oil being the main flavor that stands out. I'm not trying to be harsh, but as we were talking about our experience we both said it reminded us of frozen dinner Chinese because of the overwhelming sense of oil. I would have expected such a beautiful place to be as particular on their cuisine and entrees as the detail they put into the establishment itself. I was hoping for hints of ginger, garlic, and Asian spices, but instead it seemed to lack all of the above. In addition, like a previous reviewer, my husband left hungry. For a lunch price near $40, I wanted and expected better. Poprocks' photos definitely make the food, especially sushi, look incredible!The server was nice and attentive. They do offer free WiFi for those who eat and work, just ask your server for the password. For those of you who want to try the place for yourself, but at a less costly price, they offer happy hour on select items during mid-day and at the last hour of the night. However, you'll need to sit at the bar mainly (or depending on which time, you can sit on the patio).
4	Nice decor, great service, great food.  If I was the seafood eatin sort I'd probably fall in love with this place, but since I'm not, I'll just have to really enjoy my visits.  The non-seafood dish I got (Malaysian Curry Chicken Obento box) was top notch.The only "notch down" was the price of the food which puts it at the upper end of where I want for a lunch place (they're in Piedmont Town Center where I work).Did I already say the staff is super nice?  Yeah, good.
5	My new favorite restaurant!!  For some reason, I envisioned this place being small and ok as far as decor, but it's huge and really cool inside.   We sat at the bar and didn't see the rest of the place (sushi bar, private room, upstairs) until the owners came up and walked us around (service was fantastic).  To the food - we got the Azn 5 roll which is wrapped in cucumber and they do it tight so it doesn't fall apart like I've experienced in other restaurants - it was awesome.  Then we got the ceviche which I highly recommend - it's not a small portion either.  Delicious.  We also ordered the chicken lettuce wraps - like these because the lettuce they use isn't flimsy and the stir fry that comes with it was delicious.  I wish I had more room b/c I wanted to try everything on the menu.So glad this place opened up - hidden gem right now!  I anticipate it will get very busy once they have their grand opening next weekend.
5	best sushi in town.  a little pricy but worth it
2	Very average. Sushi rolls are overpriced for the amount of food you get. The food itself was decent to good. I had the seven flavor beef, which was above average. A lot of the menu items are spicy. Lettuce wraps were good. Two pet peeves - first, they poured red wine into my white wine glass. Second, the menus were laminated and glossy, which made them difficult to read. Contrary to what some others have written, the decor was not anything special.  Lighting was also a little bright I think and tables too close together.
2	First of all, any place that changes "S" to "Z" for no apparent reason already deserves a one star downgrade. It's like changing "Cheese" to "Cheeze" so you know you're not getting the real thing...and you ain't the real thing, baby! NUH-UH!Sure, the ambiance is nice for a business lunch in Southpark...but really, I'M HERE FOR FOOD. I'd trade ambiance for quality food any day.If you want overpriced mediocrity, please enjoy. I ordered pad thai which came with a complimentary side of overpowering pungent fish sauce smell.  Personally, it reminds me of my mom's Vietnamese kitchen, but I'm sure that's not what the chef intended.  I added an extra side of Siracha sauce, and the dish was still flavorless. No veggies or limes or peanuts (we're still talking about pad thai, right?) so there wasn't much texture/flavor to the meal, but enough noodles to be full...not satisfied...just full. If you're in the area and craving Chinese, go to DragonFly or Baoding.  If you want sushi, go to Cowfish. I'm still waiting for a good Thai place nearby.
5	2nd time here last night - got the Thai red curry jumbo shrimp and wanted to lick my plate clean.  Perfect amount of spice.  Love the manager here - she's hysterical and has great advice on what to order.  Everyone's meal looked delicious and service couldn't have been better.
5	These guys do such a superb job in service, selection, ambiance and food quality I wish they had a 5+ stars, 'cuz they really go the extra mile in all areas. I've eaten there several times but wanted to wait until I'd had several meals before I rated them, since they are a new restaurant. We recently had a table of 7 to celebrate a family event and the attentiveness to our every need, plus the attention to detail, was impeccable. They made us feel special from the time we walked in until the time we left and cared for our needs without being 'too much' in our midst. Everyone LOVED what was ordered and the wine selection is ideal to go with the flavors. It's not inexpensive but the meals justify the cost without a doubt. So thrilled these guys have joined the new offerings around Southpark!
5	Wow. I have to say that I was absolutely shocked at how good AZN was. Made it in for lunch, somewhat late in the afternoon, and there were only a few tables filled. We were a little leery of what was to come, but I couldn't not give this place 5 stars after our experience. It's pretty rare to have an experience that really delivers on all fronts, but AZN pulled it off. Even on a slower afternoon. Started with miso soup, house salad with ginger dressing, and some of the veggie dumplings. Miso and house salad are pretty standard. Just right. The veggie dumplings were just great. So simple, a great combo of sauteed veggies and a fantastic ponzu/soy sauce for dipping. We actually ended up ordering a second order (which never happens to us). We were pretty hungry. I ordered two rolls of sushi. Really simple -- California and Spicy Tuna. Both were fantastically easy and familiar. The presentation was hilariously cool. On a plastic bridge with some art made of sriracha. Check out my photo. We ended up ordering dessert, too. (Again something that doesn't happen often) and it was nice. Tempura Cheescake. Pretty much what you would expect. How could you say you don't like fried cheesecake? I don't know either. Ended up coming in again for lunch soon after and got to sample a menagerie of other menu items. Started out with the Firecracker and Enter The Dragon rolls. Both are much more complex, but incredibly flavorful. The Firecracker was by far my favorite. It's pretty pricey, but well worth it on occasion. Sashimi isn't something I'd typically order, but AZN's sashimi sampler packs a punch. Amazing cuts of Tuna, Salmon and Yellowtail. Love the arrangements and a nice bonus of a Cali Roll, too. The ceviche was great, too. Light, citrusy, and a mixed with a healthy portion of veggies. The decor isn't overbearing. Not over the top like some other sushi places I've been to. I think what I love the most is the seating choices. Booths, bar, hightop, tabls, upstairs, sushi bar, private dining area. So much space and really gives you options for each visit. Service is very professional and attentive. Each server I've had was polite and incredibly patient. Big plus. Definitely my go-to for sushi when in Southpark.
3	Food - mediocre.Service - good and attentivePlace - good ambiance, classy/trendy, and youngThe sushi is just way overpriced. I have ordered the "Volcano" roll ($18) because of the scallops. I didn't want to pay so much for 8 pc roll, but I love me some scallops!  So got the roll, scallops were way dry, packed with lots of Japanese spicy mayo, and you have your plain Jane California roll. It was such a bummer, and NOT worth the money.AZN crab cake - was decent, the pomegranate sauce overpowered the cake and made it not as enjoyable. The only thing I did enjoy was the seaweed salad - you cannot go wrong there!Drinks - not too shabby, priced decently. A lot of my friends enjoyed their mixed drinks - so that was something to look forward to.Not my go-to Japanese restaurant. Wouldn't mind coming here just for drinks and relax, since the place looked hip.
3	I wanted to love this place.  Really, I did.  It is so close to home, I was hoping it would be a "go-to" place for my hubs and me.  Not so much.The interior is lovely.  The water feature is really cool.  I love the tile.  I hope to find it for a backsplash in my kitchen.  Yes, those are the thoughts that were going through my head as my uninspired meal arrived.The berry mojito was good.  The wine list is nice and reasonably priced.  The service was.... weird.  Maybe because we were one of only three tables in there on a Saturday night but, we felt like we were being stalked.Seaweed salad-- great.  Hard to really mess this up.  House salad with ginger dressing-- ok, here is where I show my odd palate-- I prefer iceberg with my ginger dressing, not field greens.  But, field greens are fancier, so field greens is what I got.  Fine (no stars taken off for this).The rolls-- spicy tuna, a special roll, and a few slabs of shashimi.  All ok.  Not wowwonderful. Not even, wow! And pricey. And small (which I prefer, but my hub was disappointed).  I get that I am paying for atmosphere, too.  BUT, there was NO ONE there, which felt a little creepy.  Or sad.  Even our server seemed sad.  The atmosphere, lovely water feature aside, was odd.  3.5 but I rounded down.
2	Nice decor, great service, very very mediocre sushi. Sashimi was OK but all of the rolls, from basic to specialty, were very muddled. Many other sushi options in CLT for WAY less $$$.
5	Really enjoy this place. The variety of food they offer is great. I thought it was just going to be another sushi place. While the sushi they have is great, so are the fusion dishes I've tried.  The Korean short ribs are out of this world.  I just saw an article about how Korean food is becoming more popular and I can see why.  And don't miss out on the desert, which is a Fuji apple (some of the biggest I've ever seen), dipped in caramel, chocolate and some other good stuff.  First time I had one was during Halloween season.  I went home and threw out my caramel apples I made the day before because they were too inferior.
3	Decor is attractive and upscale with a large bar for waiting if crowded or just stopping in for a drink. My mojito (traditional not the specialty Berry) was just OK -- I would not  order again, far too bland -- little mint or liquor taste.Food was fine.. nothing extraordinary. Edamame (plain not spicy) was excellent, shrimp dumplings appetizer (4), OK, Chicken satay (4 sticks) rather flavorless unless dipped in the peanut sauce. Tuna/avocado roll decent but a small roll not large in diameter.Curry was more "soupy" than dry -- decent flavor but consistency was not the same as in Asia. Restaurant was half full but noise level was far too high to have easy conversation at our table... a growing problem with new restaurants. ADD SOME SOUND SOFTENING!!I miss one of  my favorite dishes Singapore Noodles, which should be on every Pan Asia menu... spicy, curry flavor, w/ chicken and shrimp... suggest the restaurant add.This is more of an upscale restaurant with prices to match, but portions are large -- I still like Fujo's uptown -- very casual but excellent sushi and pan asia dishes.
4	Excellent use of fresh ingredients everything prepared from scratch. Great sushi, fish, Malaysia curry, and omg the fuji apple yum! I always enjoy AZN and the price is nice too!
5	We just left AZN on a quiet Monday night.   Our server, Maria was so helpful in her guidance of the menu.  Despite our 9pm arrival time, she and Stephen were not disturbed at all.  The kitchen created four excellent dishes that demonstrated beautiful artistry on top of great product - fresh and nice cuts of meat/fish, frest veggies, etc. (red dragon shrimp, stone cooked beef special, black and blue tuna and a clean, fresh roll).  We truly were impressed and cannot wait to return, especially in the spring/summer when we can enjoy the great patio area they've created.
5	What a great find! Happened in on Chinese New Year and enjoyed some great festivities and a wonderful meal. The ginger dressing on the salad was perfect and my sushi roll was fantastic. A lovely atmosphere, attentive service and a yummy meal - what more could you want!
5	We went here last night and arrived right as the thunder snow started in FULL force!! The staff was amazingly nice and the owner came over and talked to us multiple times, chit chatting, and joking around about how we brought the storm.  He was amazing, and the interior of this place is amazing as well. Very well done!! We started with the pork dumplings and they were really good, some of the best I've had in Charlotte and I've definitely never had them with so much filling in them!  It was  and early dinner so we skipped on the drinks but their list looked like a good one. Then I couldn't decide between the 7 flavor basil beef and the szechuan string beans with chicken. Luckily for me Ved doesn't mind getting one of the dishes I want and sharing when we go out :-)  Now I love green beans, seriously I order them whenever I can and these were soooo good!! The chicken was good too but I was focused on the green beans lol.  I had actually however ordered the beef dish and while it was delicious, the spices were fantastic and I love basil, I was definitely focused on the green beans so Ved traded dishes with me lol.  I think I didn't like the peanuts on the beef dish and that was my only miss. The rice was well cooked but I barely ate any of it as the dishes stood on their own perfectly.  Needless to say I will be back again and soon!! Will have to try the highly recommended duck and maybe some of their sushi.  My usual fav sushi place is just around the corner but their food isn't as good, so I would love to find a new Asian spot.  As we left the owner was chatting with us again and followed us out joking about the snow and be careful have a great night.  Seriously it was like meeting an old friend for dinner. Actually all of the staff was like that.   I suggest everyone come here and give it a shot!!
5	A group of my friends and I came here for Chinese New Year and we were astounded by the friendliness of the owners and the tastiness of their family style feast. We enjoyed dumplings, whole fish, sweet and spicy short ribs, lovers fried rice, seven treasure soup, stuffed chicken, large spicy mustard shrimp, grilled pork, etc etc etc etc. The food just kept coming and we were awestruck! Not only did the owners make us feel like old friends, they delighted us with a noodle making demonstration and a dragon dance! Wow! I took video for my review blog ;) It was energetic and fun to watch.The wine was also really good, and when the server brought us the wrong one, he gave us  our selected bottle for free! What service! Five stars all around... I am so glad that I live nearby so that I can enjoy their spectacular food all of the time!
2	Prices are way too high to justify the food costs. Lightning is too bright and the restaurant is dead. The location kills them. We were the only ones there Friday at 7 PM. Food is very, very average. Paying $18 for 8 rolls is really absurd. Go to Cowfish or Nikko's for sushi, Baoding for Chinese. This fusion "do it all" falls very short.Service was good, you can tell they are trying to make an impression, but my guess is this stays open less than a year.
5	Went 2 this place about a mnth ago..really enjoyed the atmosphere,food & drinks ($5 martinis) ..awesome staff..I will b back when the weather warms up 2 Njoy the open patio!!
2	After waiting in an empty restaurant for over 5 min for someone to acknowledge my presence at the bar, I did enjoy some good Sonoma Cutrer and edamame while I perused the menu. They have a good selection of various Asian dishes from sushi  to Thai curries. I decided on the chicken curry to go. At AZN the food is good and they have a nice list of wines by the glass. The decor and environment are very attractive. Outside seating is certainly a great feature.The rating I have given AZN might not match the positives I've mentioned however, from the perspective of the food, I can certainly find equal or better food in the city for much  less money. If you are willing to pay for the environment, then AZN is fine. Otherwise, there are many other Asian restaurants in Charlotte from which to choose.
3	My perpetually late cousin and her daughter didn't believe me when I said Cowfish opens at 6 and we need to be there early... Since the elder was in a bit of a sushi mode (and apparently tired of Sushi 101), that's how we ended up at AZN... Luckily we arrived within their happy hour period, so the prices were decent... If I had paid any more for what we received, I would have felt a little bad about it... lol  The drinks were $5 and while they tell you what they are, they don't describe what they're made of...  That's kind of weird to me... I mean, they take all the time to come up with cool names, but don't bother telling you what's in there?  That's part of the fun...  Oh, we both had a Japanese mojito... I thought it was pretty refreshing, my lunatic cousin thought it tasted like dish soap... I asked the bartender and she said sake, ginger, ginger beer and some sort of Japanese plant (I forgot the name, sorry).I ordered the Kobe beef sliders which came with the pickled vegetables and a bimimbap sauce... Good and spicy... The bread kept falling apart which kind of irked me, but sometimes it's like that... The samba edamame had togarashi (which is sort of like a chili pepper), chili-sesame oil and sea salt... They were my favorite part of the meal, actually... My cousin and her daughter split a shrimp tempura and another type of roll and they said it was just okay...My main issue here was the service... Now, don't get me wrong, the people were incredibly nice... I liked our bartender, the hostess was sweet and I think the other guy I saw a lot was the manager who had a great attitude as well... The thing is they were very understaffed and it didn't even seem that busy...  It took about 40 minutes for our food to arrive and a while still to get the ticket...  It was probably just an off night, but who knows?  Either way, my cousin says she definitely won't be back... I might give them another shot since I loved the soybeans...
4	Great food, nice atmosphere, excellent service. Good portions, great flavors. Quality and freshness of food seemed good. If you are not on a budget, definitely try it. If you are on a budget, don't.
5	I'm surprised more people haven't heard of this place! My best friend and I love coming here for lunch or a nice dinner. The atmosphere is nice and the interior is beautiful. The water along the wall is a nice touch. The servers are always pleasant, as well. On our most recent visit, Chris was our waiter and he was great. Very knowledgable, friendly, and we really enjoyed the conversation. I have also met the owner, Ana, and she is so welcoming and friendly. That is always a huge plus imo.As for the food, the lettuce wraps are so good. I often come just because I'm craving that! I have tried several sushi rolls and my favorite is split between the Firecracker roll and the Volcano roll. On our last visit, my friend ordered Ana's soup. I'm personally not a huge fan of soup, but this is an exception.. It is nice and spicy, and full of scallops, shrimps, and noodles. It comes in a big bowl, so this will definitely fill you up, too.Overall, this is definitely a local favorite for me. I highly recommend others try it and get the word out.
3	Came here for my birthday, had reservations and everything. Food was okay. My boyfriend seem to like his meal, KungPoa shrimp. Mine was alright, curry chicken which didn't woah me. Sushi was also pretty good. Overall for the food it was pretty good. I must say, very expensive sushi, meals, and drinks. Overall it was about 80 something dollars. +automatic tip + taxes. I believe my boyfriend said he spent $120 that night. One thing that got me upset was the fact that my table of people received all their food while I was the ONLY ONE that didn't received my meal. I just sat there drooling over everyone's food. I raised my hand for them to come and before I asked her anything she replied "Ma'am, they miss counted so It's coming". I told her alright because I didn't want my night to be ruined because it just started. But why wasn't I notified that there was a miss count and that I'll have to wait for my food? Why did I have to ask? How RUDE was that? They knew I was the birthday girl and didn't bother to tell me. The service there Second, my boyfriend who paid for the meals didn't tip the waitress because automatically the tip was charged from his card. The waitress decided to get a little attitude when he came back asking if he'd left his card around here. She rudely said "No. Go see the manager for it." The manager gave him his card back. What I hate the most is when waitress and waiters expect tip. I understand they work hard but your job is because you would love to serve us. If I see youre just hungry for money and act all ignorant towards me I will not tip you well.Third, my friend had told me a waitress at AZN lied to her saying that the restaurant was suppose to close at 9:30pm. I had reservations at 8pm and I even double checked on the website to make sure I wasn't going to mess with their closing time. Officially, they close 10pm. For some reason the waitress lied to my friend that they were closing soon and they were just waiting for us. Although they said it was fine and they'll just wait... I thought it was weird when I found out they had said this to my friend. They were trying to rush us and faking it out on a smile. They made it seem as if they didn't want us there.If I wanted to waste more money and deal with weird service I'll keep coming. But unfortunately, I won't be coming back.
2	Very slow service. There was no one in the restaurant and it still took 1.5 hrs for lunch. Maybe nobody showed up for work. Food was ok, but very slow service mired the experience.
2	Came here for lunch, 3 other tables, still took over an hour and that was with us constantly searching for our waitress every step of the way. First time at AZN, and our waitress was completely apathetic to that fact when we told her, no suggestions, nothing. Ordered the samba edamame which was actually delicious, but just took way too long to come out. Our entrees arrived, and immediately just saw pooling oil at the bottom of both dishes. The vegetables were definitely not fresh, as the mushrooms were obviously rehydrated, chewy, and inedible, as well as the dirty/old bokchoy pieces in our stir fry dish. I would advise that you pay attention to your itemized check once you get it, because i glanced over it before handing my card over, and noticed higher prices on the check than I had seen on the menu. Asked the waitress about it, and she said she would let someone know. Not a good first impression, don't think I will be back anytime soon.
4	Great service, sushi roll tasted clean, fresh, and plated nicely. I had the dynamite tuna roll with asparagus spears. I like that they offer brown rice as a $1 up charge for a healthier alternative.  We also had fried brown rice, that came with large shrimp,  all white meat chicken and crisp veggies.  Definitely one of the best Asian spots in Charlotte
3	I met a girlfriend here for happy hour and drinks. When I arrived the place was pretty empty.  I was greeted right away and service was great! We ordered a glass of Reisling with the Vietnamese spring rolls, Samba edamame, and Mandalay Crab Angels. Vietnamese Spring Rolls: Best dish of the night! The were crispy and packed chicken chicken and veggies and the dipping sauce was fantastic. Just enough sweet to compliment the rolls without ruining the taste. Spicy Edamame: Meh, it was just okay. I appreciate the effort with the chili-sesame oil. But I missed the "spicy" kick I was hoping for! Mandalay Crab Angels: They were supposed to be crab and cream cheese wontons. However, all we tasted was globs of cream cheese. Where's the crab? Not a fan. For me, everything was just okay. My biggest gripe is their prices. For the prices listed on the menu the portion sizes need to be MUCH larger. I'll visit again to give their sushi a try...but definitely only on a Sunday evening because it's half off!
5	First time here and we were very happy with the food. The shrimp app. was very good! My husbands beef rib dish was excellent! My basil tofu was pretty alright and the fried cheesecake was interesting. We will definitely be going back!
5	This place should be way more packed than it is. I think people don't know what to expect here they need to put sushi bar on the sign. If you like Sushi this is the place! By far the freshest tasting fish in Charlotte. Service is excellent from the valets out front to the hostess and servers. They also have a nice patio. I'll be back.
3	Being kidless, I decided to sit at the bar.  Even though I was there to try the sushi, I just couldn't pass up the vegetable dumplings, which was a good move on my part.  The dumplings were pan sauteed and delicious.  Best part of the meal.  For the sushi, I ordered a volcano roll, which is a california roll with a baked spicy mix with lots of mayo on top.  I'm not a fan of too much mayo on my sushi so I wasn't crazy about it, but it might just be my personal taste.I've heard the food is better than the sushi here and based on the dumpling, I can see that may be true.  I need to head back sometime to eat off the regular menu.They do get extra points for some eye candy on site.  My bartender was adorable.  If I could have ordered him I would.  I will return for that reason alone.  :)
2	I bought the group not even knowing where the place was because I love trying new places and I love Asian food. The place is located in Piedmont Row and has a great atmosphere. We went on a Friday night and it was very slow.  Our waiter was good but not great. The food was also good but not great. The food itself did not justify the high prices.  The calamari was good but nothing you couldn't find anywhere else.  The Pad Thai and Mongolian beef tacos can definitely be found better at other places in Charlotte.
1	Arrived at 220 on a Friday, the sign outside said their buffet went until 230.  Wanted to order a few rolls, it the owner said they would take too long to make.  Then the proprietor said the buffet closed at 2, I pointed out the large sign on their sidewalk that clearly stated that they served the buffet til 230.  They did not want my business and I can assure them they will now never receive it.  I was in the restaurant business for years and would never treat a customer the way I was treated by the staff at AZN.
1	We ate here last mother's day and were very impressed with the variety and quality. So we thought we'd eat here for Easter. It is nothing like what we experienced last year. There was a carving station, fresh salad choices and a mix of American and Asian dishes last year. This year there were no American dishes and they only had 6 choices for entrees and they were nothing special. For $25 per person, I expected so much more than what they offered. The average Chinese buffet has more choices for half the price and the same or better quality. We won't be eating here again. Very disappointed in how far they have dropped in just a year. I doubt they will be they in another year since the competition is so much better.
4	Found AZN on Open Table for an all you can eat brunch for $25.95 pp and figured, why not?  We were pleasantly surprised by the selection of food from sushi to blueberry pancakes.  It wasn't too crowded so the service was good and very attentive.My only qualm was that they were a little slow in getting the sushi out, people ate that up super quick!  The waiter let us know they do half price sushi on Sunday nights, so we're going to definitely check it out again on a regular day to see how their normal service is.
3	another visit to piedmont town center, this time I took the wife to AZN Asian cuisine.  The place is very nice with high ceilings (and what appears to be a private room on the 2nd floor).  I had mizo soup and dumplings for an app.  The server brought me the wrong style dumplings and the soup was a little salty.  For dinner I had Pad Thai.  It was ok...good but not great.  We skipped dessert.  They have a good location with 100's of new condos being built across the street to help traffic...plenty of parking in the deck
5	We had a private group dinner on a Thursday night. The owner was very attentive and great fun! We had a mix of several apps and entrees as well as desserts. Everything was excellent. The steak and lobster was probably the best. The walnut shrimp was probably my second fav. The firecracker shrimp app was excellent!! The Fuji Apple with homemade chocolate sauce and pecans for dessert was a knock out. I would def go back here!
3	AZN is like a Toyota.....good solid car, but nothing fancy nor sexy about it. Well, the Restaurant itself is somewhat sexy. OK, so it's not a Toyota....more Mazda?Had their half price sushi on Sunday special. Not a bad deal....First had their Spider Roll, one of my all time faves. This one was Meh, I've definitely had better. Second I had their Firecracker Roll with Jalapenos. Not NEARLY as good as the Sushi Guru's Jalapeno roll......not even in the same leage actually.But both were decent and 3 stars given for the half price specials. I wouldn't have been so generous if I had to pay full price. But, I will come in and try some of their other Non-Sushi dishes, which do look very good. Hold on for that review...............
4	This is a solid asian restaurant.  Food has always been excellent--I normally get the shrimp with walnuts and mayo sauce (I ask for sauce on the side and dip the shrimp into the sauce), and my husband always gets a beef dish of some sort.  It has never been very crowded, and based on the food, ambiance, waitstaff, it should be very busy.  Charlotte is lucky to have such a good asian restaurant, but for some reason, it's never packed  (and I think the reason is that people don't know AZN is where it is because of complete lack of visible signage--Brio's, George's, Del Frisco in the front where most people enter the development off of Fairview, and AZN at the complete end past the parking structures and across from the mini-YMCA).  I am hoping that once the new apartments/condos are finished and rented, AZN will be crazy busy because I would hate to see this restaurant ever close.
3	This restaurant is a bit overpriced and the food was just okay - no complaints but nothing to write home about. The AZN Crab Cake was fresh but overpriced for the size. The Mongolian Beef Satay and Pork Dumplings were really good, and were priced great. The Shinjuku Tempura Sampler was decent, was missing the sweet potato though. The Spicy Anna Noodle Soup was delicious, and very spicy! The atmosphere and decor of this restaurant is also really nice, so I'm unsure why on a Friday night it was almost empty. The service was just okay and they only had one Yuengling beer, again on a Friday night. Overall it was a nice dinner with decent service but probably won't be returning because of the prices.
2	First visit durning restaurant week. Highly disappointed with the food. Fatty short ribs, mediocre salmon, gloppy sweet sea sesame chicken. The chocolate cake was really good.  The deep fried cheesecake not so much as it renders the cheesecake warm. Will not be returning.
5	1/2 price sushi menu on Sun and Mon nights! Can't beat that!The wines by the glass are good quality and reasonably priced. The atmosphere is pleasant and cozy without being too dark or too loud. Wait staff very attentive - sushi was excellent - Will definitely return!
3	Still a solid 3 star experienceThis time I tried their Malaysian Chicken Curry dish, with coconut cream sauce, potatoes, white rice and peppers. It was tasty, but nothing made dance the Irish Jig! Service was good and my date had a Seafood Ceveche which was good as well.There are better Asian dining options here in Charlotte. But AZN's location make it a perfect spot if you're on Piedmont Row drinking wine at J Sam's wine bar.Would I recommend AZN? Yes I would. Would I say there are better options in Charlotte? Yupper to that as well.
5	I've been to AZN 5 or 6 times now, and have had a great experience every time - outstanding food and service! The menu goes well beyond sushi, and I hear it's all good, but it's oddly rare to find good sushi in Charlotte in a setting that's suitable for grownups, so I go with that every time.Please don't misunderstand - AZN isn't at all stuffy, it isn't overpriced, the decor is very cool. I simply mean that they don't have crazy lights and blasting dance music that makes conversation impossible for anyone over the age of 26. They're hidden at the end of Piedmont Row in SouthPark, so parking is a breeze and I've never had to wait.  Also look in to special events like sushi lessons - they have some cool things going on here!
4	Finally great Asian food in Charlotte.Everything was incredible.  The grilled dumplings were different but tasty and the sushi was really fresh.  Also tried the String beans and Chicken.  It wasn't greasy or chewy like a lot of the asian resraurants around here. I will definitely be back.
5	Another great meal at AZN. Wonderful ambience, great sushi, impeccable service. Beautiful decorations for the holidays.
5	Awesome food! Got a lesson on the proper way to eat sushi, and enjoyed it immensely. Dumplings, great, shrimp meal tasty. The surroundings were comfortable, as if being in your own home. Looking forward to hosting some events there soon.
2	Visited AZN because my girlfriend lives in Piedmont Row and was craving some sushi on a Sunday night. They have a special on Sunday night where a selection of rolls is half-price (which means on par with normal sushi prices anywhere else in Charlotte).  Full-price is over $15 for A SINGLE ROLL.  Definitely a ripoff, especially given that the rolls are so SMALL (come on guys, I thought everything was bigger in the South! :-p).  Anyway, would not visit for the food again.  Ambiance is nice if you are looking to impress on a first date.  Otherwise, not worth the money.
5	Went here on a whim and was pleasantly surprised. For a Saturday night the restaurant was not busy which made us nervous... after eating I do not understand why. Our service was top notch... the server recommended the Mongolian Beef Tacos to start, excellent choice. It was served in a build your own style which is perfect if you have people sharing. The meat was flavorful and tender... it came with 4 tortillas, but there was only enough meat to make 3 tacos, if there were 2 of us eating we would have made only 2 tacos. For dinner my brother and his GF had sushi... I do not eat sushi but they said it was some of the best they had. They ordered the enter the dragon roll which my brother raved about. I had the 7 spiced basil beef which had an amazing flavorful sauce with lots of depth. My brother left his credit card there, thankfully I had made a reservation thru open table and they had my phone number and called us to come get it. I would definitely try this place again.
