1	Its official. Neiman Marcus is in a horrible slump in men's fashion. Sure you can get a nice suit, but where can't you. They never have any decent designers no matter how many times you suggest it to the managers. Every walk into the men's section is a slap of midlife crisis in your face. just nasty.
1	This Neimans is a mess when it comes to customer service. Get off your high horse people! Don't act you are going to throw up on me Mr. I-Don't-Know-My-Kiehls-Or-Laura-Mercier-Very-Well-But-I-Am-Really-Good-At-Peering-Down-My-Nose-At-You-Cosmetic-Counter-Guy when my boyfriend hands you his Mastercard because he doesn't ever go there and doesn't know any better!!! The salespeople here were so snotty! Designer labels do not require this much attitude. I took my money to Nordstrom - other end of the Square if you need directions...
5	Ok. I've decided next time I enter the Kiehl's area of the cosmetic section to simply take a Sharpee and write SUCKER across my forehead. Those fancy ladies with their fancy smocks, see two gay guys headed their way and I can see the dollar signs replacing their pupils. KA CHING! Really, I just need a face lotion. Hmmm....17 different kinds. All with hard to pronounce extracts and oils. Do I need the Fortifying Baobab skin therapy? Or maybe the Centella Recovery skin salve. Or perhaps the Creamy Avocado Eye treatment? Ok, I could pronounce avocado. And yes, I tasted it. Nothing like guacamole. I get great customer service here. I'm not intimidated like other folks seem to be. Gimme a break. They're retail workers. Nothing wrong with that at all. Then why do I know so many people who won't go there cuz they're "afraid" of the employees. Get a spine people. And while you're there, I'm sure you'll find some kind of spine lotion or salve. The men's department is fantastic as well. I pretty much only shop there when I see those wonderul CLEARANCE signs calling my name. BEST PART OF Needless Mark up is the FREE valet parking. Nothing worse than circling the narrow parking garage across the street. I ALWAYS use the valet service here even when I'm not shopping at Neiman's. Oh, and leave the Visa and MasterCard at home, cuz they don't take them. I know that makes people crazy. But c'mon, it's a Dallas based store....need I say more!
3	Ok, is this place ever open?I have come by at all different times and days, and they were closed.Once I finally came there and it was open, I walked in and immediately got dirty looks from employees. They would stare me down and I'd walk up by them and they would spees walk the other way.Finally someone offered me help, accept it was soo condescending im sure it was just to make me feel unwelcome.They do have some really great stuff, the furniture is really cool. Unfortunately they dont even keep it in the store though. Probably not going there again..........Unless I win the lottery and pull a Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman maneuver
4	This is the deal...it's Neiman's so obviously they have very upscale merchandise. They carry the best of the best designers...BUT-b/c Scottsdale Fashion Square is such a small store, they don't get a lot of the merchandise selection as their other locations. So, it's good to go online, and check out the selection prior to going to the store to see what is available. Also, be sure to speak to a salesperson to see if they can locate what you are looking for at one of their larger stores. For example, there was a Gucci handbag I was looking for...I know Neimans was going to carry it, but it wasn't on display, simply b/c they do not have the physical space. So do your homework before you shop if you want something specific, and get the "most coveted" things at the beginning of the season, before they sell out! Their men's stuff is pretty lame...Saks is way better.
4	I've been a NM shopper/peruser all my life, but I was very disappointed to see that they are tethering the handbags.  The sales associate said it was due to theft, which I thought could have been better managed in a more discreet and customer complimentary way.  While I was in looking at the handbags with my sister I spotted a pair of Prada shoes that I thought would be perfect for the winter resort climate while I'm in AZ .  My sister talked me out of them due to their weight, a bit on the heavy side.  Of course she bought the bag and proceeded to have that look as if she was a cat who just ate a canary, especially after each admiring comment from passer-by's and the hostess/server at lunch.  Needless to say, as each sunny day passed I decided I really must go back  and purchase those shoes, which I must say look fabulous.I HATE the cosmetics department, no service, even when you spend $30 on a lipstick, they act as if it is beneath them to ring up the sale.  I don't like the way they stand around together talking and then act as if you are disturbing something important.  They also seem to lack the stock on the latest and greatest seasonal collections.  SFA is much more attentive and friendly, but I must always check NM for that coveted find.
4	I really don't consider myself a Neiman's type of girl...As a matter of fact, I don't really feel comfortable in Neiman's - it's extremely 'fancy' and high end for me.  But, I've gone in a handful of times and even bought a dress or two on sale at Neiman's in the past.  I admit, the quality associated with the designer labels at this store is pretty amazing.Anyways, I felt some major pressure to register at Neiman's from my mom, so I met my mother-in-law-to-be at this Neiman's location on Sunday.  The housewares / registry department is extremely small... and although the woman working was sweet, she botched the spelling of Jared's name in the process.  Needless to say, i was not so impressed.Fancy sums this department store up in my eyes - I'm much more of a Nordstrom's or Macy's or Bloomingdales type of girl!
2	The economy is in the shitter and I KNOW NM is suffering. You would think that upper management would have spread the word that now is the time to be friendly to customers. I realize this is a foreign concept. I'm not a high roller or anything, but I do spend serious cash when provoked. I bought my first Balenciaga bag a couple years ago, and did get a nice thank-you card from the SA; however, when the tassels started to split six months later, I inquired about replacements. Crickets. No follow up. That is sloppy, sloppy, sloppy. When I bought another Balenciaga, the guy working barely stopped checking out all the passersby long enough to ring me up. Barely a thank-you. No note. And this was just a few months ago, when we all knew for real what kind of economic shit the economy was in. Sloppy.The straw was broken this past weekend, when I stopped by to redeem a frequent shopper gift card. The snotty blonde cow working at the Chanel counter looked outwardly irritated by my purchases. She made sure to make handwritten notes all over my receipt and the NM stickers on the products themselves that they were purchased with said gift card. What, so I don't sneak back and try to return a half-used $30 mascara? Seriously? Now that bad-ass Barney's is in town, NM has got some serious competition. You'd think on opening weekend, NM would have been making an extra effort, not staffing the most popular cosmetics counters with angry cougars who act like their estrogen prescription ran out without refills. No thanks - I think I'm officially done.
1	Oh My! where do I start?  The 3 sales associates that are sweet,kind and helpful must be recognized for their grace and class....But, I really wish this store would be shut down.  Rude,offensive,inappropriate and snotty is all I can say.  When I was pregnant...and wandering SFS aimlessly to get away from the 110 degree weather...a SA commented that I should check to make sure I was not carrying triplets....another SA comments that she does not know what she will do with the HUGE commission she will make by selling me a 50$ Theory t-shirt.  Another associate refused to set aside 2 pairs of Prada shoes because she wanted the commission right now...not later...she was trying to screw my regular sales girl out of the sale...in turn she screwed NM out of a sale all together.   I wrote a letter to their HO...got a call from the VP...who commented "Well. we can't hold our Sales Associate's hands ALL THE TIME!"...are you kidding me????? He did say that he would discuss each incident with the mentioned SA....Yes. I wrote down names...AND Dates.But seriously, to refuse a return because you are going on break???? and to act like it MY FAULT for disturbing your glorious day at work? Get with it Neiman's!! this store is liability and so many out their would LOVE to have a job and would be glad to be helpful and kind to a customer.I would love to see that store turned into a COSTCO just like PV Mall...it's just what NM deserves.  The 3 SA's that do NOT deserve my scorn....go work for a company that makes people feel Beautiful,Happy and well taken care of....
2	Neiman Marcus has the merchandise; there is no denying that fact.  All I can really say about the Scottsdale Fashion Square Neiman Marcus is consistently WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE of any retail establishment I have ever tried to shop at.  For the past 16 years, I have lost count of how many times I have been ignored, rudely treated, or had to suffer through a salesperson's condescending attitude, all while spending my money.  I recently mentioned this to my husband, and he responded, "Just walk in wearing scrubs and they trip over each other trying to help you."  I laughed, because my physician husband only goes to NM to buy me a gift with a list in his hand.  If only those stupid salespeople knew whom they were disrespecting...they might jump off their high horses and help the wife of the scrub wearer.  Recently I have started doing most of my shopping in Dallas where my daughter goes to school.  I discovered that the NM at North Park Mall is a wonderful store; more upscale than Scottsdale's NM and staffed with charming, helpful salespeople, much like our Nordstrom (I love Scottsdale Nordstrom!)  Today the last straw broke the proverbial camels back while I was yet again treated rudely while trying on a pair of Louboutin's.  Accompanied by my daughter and my best friend, the three of us stood in disbelief at the shoe salesgirl's insolence.  Oh, well, lost sale at Scottsdale Fashion Square Neiman Marcus,  I am done.  Hello Barney's!
5	I love this store.I went with my husband in June to pick up a clutch for our anniversary.We had a wonderful SA I feel horrible that I forgot his name.Having never been to this location he left his area at Chanel and escorted us downstairs I picked out an amazing YSL and Tory Burch.         Unfortuanetly I had an emergency with my 4 yr old and had to go pick him up from daycare before I could buy them,when I went back a few days later he had put them aside for me and even helped me get a NM gift card to purchase my bags since they don't accept Visa.He also remembered why I had to leave the first time and asked how my son was doing.Im sorry if other people had a bad experience but mine was great!
2	Helllooo salespeople!  Enough with the attitude.  Don't forget...I'm shopping. You're working.
4	When you go somewhere with low expectations, sometimes you get pleasantly surprised.  Such is the case with my recent visit to the men's departments.  I live in Virginia, and the Neiman Marcus store in McLean is the epitome of all things wrong with this company: totally cold, indifferent service and snooty salesmen who clearly do not care about making a sale or making you feel even the least bit welcomed.  Even when I stop by after work in a suit and tie, I still get the total cold shoulder.  So you can imagine my surprise when my dad and I, both clad casually in jeans, were greeted warmly by three sales associates in the Scottsdale store within minutes.  Even when we told them that we were just browsing, we were given smiles and sincere offers for assistance when needed.  It was quite a surprise considering that we expected to be totally snubbed.  Even though I didn't buy anything on this trip, I'm willing to come back and shop in the men's department next time I'm in town because a) they have a killer tie selection, and b) everyone I met showed me that they care.
4	Update: Childrens department just gave this place it's 2 more stars. They should fire the lot in cosmetics and use the sales people from the childrens department. They were a pleasure to deal with.I used to shop here a lot. Especially my perfume. They had a very wide selection which they have reduced quite a bit. Yesterday I spent over $450 in 5 minutes. I should have known better than to show up in my jeans and t-shirt but I was in a hurry. As it goes the service was fair when I got it. Absolutely every single sales person was too busy gossiping to notice I was there. When they did all they did was point. I mean, c'mon. No gift wrapping for gifts. I bought perfume at nordstroms and they used a simple but nice wrap. Neiman is off my list. Not only that, they only accept american express. How Bourgeoisie and well...OLD.
5	This week is Beauty Event at Neiman Marcus, Yeah !  went their today with Girlfriends, it is really a great time to get yout favorite cosmetics, and get some free gifts along with them, the Sales Agent at the La Mer Counter, (Dawn) went above and beyound for us, she was fantastic !!!
5	Needless Markup was always my term of humor for this store, but after my experience I had with them on last friday, I must say I walked out of this store completely impressed.  I was looking for a replacement lapis bead bracelet as I had purchased a Scott Kay one from Saks.com and it broke at the San Jose Airport of course right before boarding the stupid plane.  After not being able to resolve the issue to my satisfaction with Saks I decided to look else where.  I stopped at Neimans because I had seen some before but only one lapis one.  To my surprise they had one and it was a King Baby.  I had seen one there before but it had one of those stupid day of the dead skulls on it.  Not this time!  The beads were larger than my Scott Kay one and it didnt have a clumsy clasp.  The price was extra nice at the same price of the Scott Kay one and the Neimans sales rep took accountability stating that if I had any problems with it whatsoever I could deal with him personally to resolve the issue.  I love companies that encourage employee empowerment!  While I may not purchase any of Neimans clothes due to the prices outside of my price point, I will surely stop at the mens jewelry area in the future.  Service here deserves a definite wow!
4	The store is a sizable Neiman's and I cannot report on anything other than the department I made a beeline for - the shoes!  I went just after Thanksgiving so there were SALES! whoop whoop whoop!  Hubs was told to find a seat and wait.The best time to go shopping for shoes at any Neiman's is when they have the racks up.  You can and will find amazingly enough good bargains on some killer kicks.  This NM's has a big shoe department with plenty of brands and styles ranging in price from not so high to nosebleed high.  They had brands here that I've not seen at the other NM I used to frequent often.  That I liked for I got to try on brands I've seen online but wondered how they fit.  In the end I settled on a pair of chunky heeled lace up Hunter boots that I have not seen before nor since in any store.  Sale + selection = shoe bliss!  The only thing I did not like about this store is that the staff was about as dry as the desert air.
5	The sales people especially in women's handbags are extremely helpful and knowledgeable. It's always a fun shopping trip when you can talk to a sales person about different brands and not feel pressured to buy. I love how the sales representatives are really put together. You definitely get a different vibe from them compared to a store like H&M. Anytime there's a sale, my eyes almost pop out of my head because I want to buy everything in the store. But even sale prices are still too high personally. The store is very clean. They offer a separate valet service but I don't mind parking my own car.
4	It was nice to know that there was a Neiman Marcus near where I stayed in AZ.It was even nicer to know I met one of the coolest sales associates ever- Hank.  IT sucks that he lives in AZ and I live in GA- but thankfully I send him an email almost everyday to see how he is doing, and he does so in return.  The Men's Store is on the bottom floor- and the cafe is right next to it.  I had 3 guys come up to me and see if I needed help- hell one guy even gave me some water and even chatted up about contacts in Atlanta.  But Hank stole the show, in fact I went back to see him 2 more times!For being the only store in AZ (they do have a Last Call in Tempe, but they are totally different), it had a decent selection.  They do carry certain brands with larger sizes in- store (although you can order anything you see online in store and return in store if there are any issues, a big plus).The only thing that prevented it from being 5 stars is I wish there were a few more things in stock- but as Hank put it, "it is not a Flagship store, like in TX, LA, and HI".  Which is ok- I can just drool over the items and keep coming back asking if they have them in.It's great to go shopping and have people bring yout items to the register for you, more room to fill up on :)In the end, I did get a few things, and even better, I got to meet a bad-ass (Hank).Definitely worth checking out- even if you do not plan on buying anything!
5	Makin it rain on the ho's used to be your job.  Well not anymore.You're not makin it rain on shit these days. But let's just say you were going to make it rain on your bitches again, you'd need to look good while doing so and Nieman is where you'd go to get outfitted. You could go a cheaper route, but this is a rookie-rainmaker mistake. For example, the novice rainmaker might cut fashion corners, shopping at T.J. Maxx or the like. Not good.This goes against the entire rainmaking principle.A real rainmaker doesn't cut fashion corners, mainly because he knows his bitches can smell cheap a mile away. This is why the true rainmaker will only come here. Start in the men's department and get yourself a Zegna suit. Now the shoe department for some Ferragamo's.You'll need some silk briefs too. No boxers. And a robe, preferably silk, to look cool in bed. The whole thing should cost you a couple stacks, so be prepared to bring your wife's credit card..the one with the high limit. If you do this right, you'll come out of there looking just like Willie the Wimp did when they buried him in that Cadillac coffin.Now just wait for this week's unemployment check to arrive and you'll be makin it rain once again.Feels good, huh?
4	Neiman Marcus is a great addition to my shopping go-to locations like Nordstrom, and well, Nordstrom. I usually only shop at Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus, sometimes Saks.Anyway. Neiman Marcus has impecable customer service but know that you kind of need to "dress up" to shop here. At least I feel uncomfortable if I come in in yoga gear. The selection is a nice compliment to Nordstrom -- much more tailored and designer specific. My boyfriend loves their men's section. I love their selection of Chanel handbags and other great purses. Plus, the layout of the store is just luxurious and calming. They don't carry MAC here but I love the Chanel, Christian Dior, and Laura Mercier counters. My ONLY complaint is their hours. Ugh. They close at 7 Monday through Saturday and 5 on Sunday. It's an hour earlier than the rest Scottsdale Fashion Square so there have been many times where I've trekked from Nordstrom to Neimans only to find they are closed. If you don't want to go through the mall there is complimentary valet at Neimans. You can park in their private lot but it's on a hill and narrow so if I'm feeling rushed I just valet....but I'm also not the best at parking.NOTE: the only credit card they accept is AMEX. Otherwise it's cash or check. That's right, no Visa, no Mastercard
5	I was a little disappointed to find that there is no stand alone Chanel store in AZ so I had no choice but to go to Neiman to find my next Chanel bag.  I must say, they have an excellent staff here.  The bag I wanted to see was not in stock so they had it brought over from a store in TX so that I could check it out.  The sales associate texted me to let me know the status (when it was shipped, ETA, and when it arrived).  When I went back down to see the bag I wasn't impressed - they didn't skip a beat or act like it was the end of the world that I didn't want the bag after they had gone through the trouble of bringing it over.  I found another bag that I loved but they didn't have the color I wanted in stock so they ordered it for me and shipped it to the house (Fed Ex - no charge).This boutique is bigger than others I've been in which was a nice surprise.  I won't hesitate to come back for my next bag, I guess I didn't need the stand alone Chanel store after all!
5	I have to leave a great review for Mary-Kay, one of the sales associates at the fragrance counter. I walked in in Yoga pants and barefoot shoes wanting to look at Acqua Di Parma. Now I may not look it, but I'm willing to spend a dollar or two on a good fragrance. Mary Kay was SO helpful, she showed me every perfume she thought I might like since she's a big fan of Acqua as well. Because of her service (and also the great scent), I've decided to go back when she is working and buy the big bottle, just to boost her sales. She deserves it. This is opposite to what happened to me at Nordstroms. This lady kept giving me a snooty attitude. Lady, I've bought 4 high end perfumes in the last 4 weeks, so you missed out! I couldn't believe the way she treated me there. So if you're shopping for fragrances, go to Neiman Marcus, not Nordstroms. And specifically, go to Mary Kay. She's sweet as a button.EDIT: Gotta leave a good review for the rest of the staff as well, including Kim. Just spoke with a customer of mine at my work who said the fragrance staff holds this store up on their shoulders. I haven't had a chance to chat with the rest of the staff, but yet again, I am incredibly happy with the help I received here. You can tell their hearts are in fragrances, you can see their excitement, and they're a blast. 10/5 stars for these girls.
5	I love this store ~ especially the fragrance department. I often bring my daughter with me to pick up my Lollia products (LOVE this stuff) & they are so nice to her. She has autism & barely tolerates the lighting in the store which puts her on edge. The ladies who help us always give her cookies & bottled water ~ love how they converse with her. Seems like a small thing, but it's HUGE to me. I now buy almost everything here from mens shoes to my cosmetics because of these nice women who work in fragrance.
5	Hubby treated me to some perfume and a new bag and the service was amazing as always.  I much prefer this Neiman Marcus to the one in Tysons Corner, VA.  The people here are nice and willing to help and they have a great selection.  The salesperson working the Creed counter, Nancy, is amazing.  She really helped us make a great selection!
5	Great store, very clean and laid out well. Staff is great at helping you get dressed for any events or if you are just looking to update your closet, this is the place to go. While you are in be sure to get your makeup done downstairs and head over to the cafe for a bit of lunch. The pop overs are heavenly!
3	It's very pretty it's all decorated in here for Christmas, never too many great deals in this place but this service is great if you need to buy a suit your buyer they will adjust and phytic as you wait so you can go home were your suit with fitting correctly what a great service.
5	I love this store. I always feel like a queen when I shop here. Today, after purchasing my new FENDI bag, I told the sales lady I was going to the perfume counter next, she asked what I wanted and ran over to get it for me. I jokingly mentioned these were my Christmas gifts to myself, After I paid, she offered me a claim check and told me when I was finished with my shopping to pick up my packages from customer service. When I picked them up, they had been wrapped so beautifully complete with a gorgeous silver NM keychain.  I only wish the cafe were open later as a strawberry popover would have been delicious while shopping...
3	My husband and I stopped in yesterday and I can't believe how rude the sales people are.  I used to love this store but the customer service is awful.  They need to realize that they are the ones working on a Saturday at a mall!  Get over yourselves.     They contacted me so I added two more stars.  I will give them another chance.
5	Yes I shop here. Find great deals here. Believe it or not. Very nice people. I'm here a lot   Will return.
4	I understand that if you are not wearing the "fashionable clothing" that they will look at you in a snobby manner, but face it..do you really think the staff shops there? It's a job and they have guidelines to follow. I mean when you go into Macys/Dillards don't you walk around like you own the place? I love how this place has unique accessories compared to other department stores at a reasonable price. I enjoy this store the most with the neighbor Barneys.
1	Extremely rude/snobby salespeople who treat you like a second class citizen when you return/exchange something.  I have never been treated so poorly at a retailer.  It's as though you are a big inconvenience to them when you want to see a product.  They would rather stand around gossiping.  The customer service is MUCH better at Nordstrom. I will never spend another dime at Neiman Marcus.
5	The customer service at Neiman Marcus is top notch.  Every time I visit the store I am greeted by EVERY sales associate, but not in an overbearing kind of way.  And lets face it, their merchandise is not cheap.  So if I am going to be making purchases I want to make sure I feel good buying my stuff!  Also, the store is clean and easy to navigate.Bonus:  I love how their store has the NM Cafe.  Its fun to be able to sit down after shopping and be able to have a snack (or full meal).
