4	I came in this evening  not too many people. Was very quiet.  Good atmosphere.  I had the double cheese burger with cheddar cheese on a whole wheat bun with lettuce tomato and red onion. And a bowl of fresh fruit bananas,  red grapes and cantaloupe.  This was very delicious.  I will be returning to this location,  I have found my home away from home.
1	My wife and kids stopped by tonight at 7 p.m. We were all hungry after finishing some Christmas shopping.  The place wasn't very busy at all.  Got seated right away.  A great start.  That's were it ended.  No one came to take our order or acknowledge us.  We waited for 12 minutes then left.  Another customer nearby told me, "I don't blame you."  The guy who seated us smiled at us on our way out.  I just told him, "We sat there over ten minutes and we got no service."  His response on our way out the door, "For real?!?"
4	Sunday morning christmas family breakfast . Was very packed at 8 am , But also had plenty of staff. Food was great and our server was also.Newly renovated store. Its the nicest Dennys I've ever been to.
1	So I just signed up to yelp just so I can write this review. We just left this Dennys after waiting for forty two minutes to eat. From the time we sat down, it took twenty minutes to actually have our server greet us. I actually had to go back up to the hostess stand to ask for a server. When she finally came, it took her over ten minutes just to bring us our drinks. It could have been longer. The people sitting behind us got sat after us and by the time we finally got out food, they'd already ate and left. Our food, once we got it was noticeably sitting around. It was Luke warm at best. The manager Jeff should have noticed, but didn't. He seemed like a nice guy but when I was waiting to talk to him about the experience, he took so long I just decided to pay and get out of there. I was seething! I did talk to him on the way out though and he did nothing to try to make  anything any better. He seemed shocked like a deer in the headlights so maybe that was why. The only other time I had an experience that atrocious believe it out not was actually was a couple years ago at a Dennys in Memphis. It was the last time it'd been to a Dennys. And after today,I have absolutely no intention of ever going to another Dennys again. I did like the new menu though so it's kind of a shame. However, nothing justifies going back. And one of the reasons I paid is because I didn't want there to be any shred of doubt to that manager that was why I was complaining.
1	We were a party of 7 yesterday 01/02/15 at apx 5 pm. The restaurant was busy , but there seemed to be plenty of staff. It took 45 minutes to get our order and what we got wasn't worth waiting for . Nothing was hot , nothing was fresh and my boyfriend was served 1 piece of bacon when he ordered double bacon ?!! Seriously? Who plates 1 piece of bacon and assumes the order is correct ? I realize going to a Denny's means you aren't going to get a gourmet meal, however,  I did foolishly expect a hot , fresh meal. Do yourself a favor and don't waste your time or money on this place .
