5	It may seem odd that I am writing a review, as I ended up not being able to get my car fixed at Dave's, but that is through no fault of the proprietor's, just unfortunate circumstances.In any case, Dave was very nice and helpful, and did not charge me at all for wasting his time. I plan on taking my car back to him for all routine maintenance and anything that does not require a million-dollar part from the dealer that has to be ordered from across the world.
5	It's so hard to find a good and trustworthy mechanic in a new place- I've been bouncing from mechanic to mechanic since I moved here in 2007. Dave's Automotive has changed all that. I've found my mechanic and I'll stick with him. (Although hopefully I don't have to visit very often - no offense, Dave!)Estimate was high, but cheaper than what it would have been elsewhere for the same work. My car is 10 years old with 180,000 miles so I wasn' t expecting otherwise. To my surprise though, when I went to pick up my car the total was actually $250 cheaper than the quote - score! He coulda took me for more, but did not. :)Dave is very accommodating and easy to work with. He's willing to do free estimates for work, which is something that is hard to come by these days. He did a thorough job which he guarantees, and encouraged me to stop by for a free tune-up if anything should go wrong in the near future. His staff gave me a ride to work the morning I dropped my car off, and the work was done in just a couple days.I highly recommend this mechanic.
5	Excellent service on my car as I brought it in prior to a very long road trip. Dave checked over the entire car, gave me an estimate, and did all of the work that day!!! No problems on my road trip since then and will definitely call him my mechanic in town!
5	Yelp just saved me $500.  I was planning to take my Jeep to the dealer again for pads & rotors, but after spending over $6,000 the last time I was there, I really didn't want to spend another $1100 on pads and rotors, which is what they quoted me.  So I gave Yelp a try & found Dave's Automotive.  Not only did they charge me under $600 for the same job, they were able to identify another problem I've been trying to get the dealer to resolve in less than 5 minutes.  The dealership didn't even know what I was talking about.  Did I mention I have a Jeep & went to a Jeep dealership?  You would think they would know how to diagnose their own vehicles.  Anyways, back to Dave's Automotive, nice people from the first phone call to the delivery of the finished vehicle.  From what I can tell it's a family operation, which I think is awesome.  Plus they already quoted me far less to fix something else on my Jeep I've been putting off, so I will definitely be back.  If you're looking for an honest, reliable, friendly place to have your vehicle serviced, I would definitely give Dave's Automotive a shot, you won't be disappointed...
1	Unfortunately I don't have kind words for Dave's Automotive. I went to his shop on the recommendations of fellow yelpers & I guess I got what I deserved.To some it up, I went to Dave's cause my engine light came on...when he told me it was going to cost $750 to fix I was a little thrown back,(I was told different but I thought I would follow the yelpers who have used him prior). I got the work done & a week later the light came on again...he popped the hood & did a test on it & said it could be something with the fuel of some sort. He reset the engine light & said to come back if it came on again. Of coarse a week later it did & this time when I called to make a appointment he said he was booked,( that set me off cause if you fixed it the first time I would'nt have to came back) So I set a appointment to take it back in & he gave me the same line. My point is if you charged me for all this work(& it was alot) & the engine light still comes on, than all that work was'nt needed cause that was'nt the trigger for the engine light.The only time I would take my car to Dave's is if I needed air in my tires or a oil change but even that is pushing it.
1	Seems I had a similar experience here as another reviewer. Short end of the story, I brought my car in for an engine malfunction, and $1500 and a very short time later (after returning a rental car I had been using) my REPAIRED vehicle blew a rod. Dave tried telling me he DID fix it even though on my trip back to CA it developed the same exact problems I originally brought it to him for. "I did see some rust down there" he says. Then why didn't he look further to find the actual problem?! Wasted much time and energy although my bank helped to recover the money he almost took from me. Find someplace else.
1	If I could give negative stars, I would. My experience with Dave's Automotive was an all around unpleasant experience and I would not recommend this mechanic to anyone. I took my Mitsubishi Outlander to Dave's back in April 2010 to have the timing belt and spark plugs replaced. Immediately after driving off the lot my gas mileage plummeted. I discovered that Dave had replaced the spark plugs with a type that was not recommended for my vehicle. I replaced the spark plugs with the appropriate type and immediately my gas mileage went back to normal. This weekend, only 9 months and 13,000 miles after taking my vehicle to Dave's, it died while I was in the Eastern Sierras. I had my vehicle towed to a shop in Bishop, CA where they discovered that the timing belt and balance shaft belt had broken. While replacing the timing belt the mechanic noticed that the tensioner pin had not been removed when the timing belt had been installed, meaning that the belt had never been tightened!! He also noticed that the balance shaft belt was old and worn, and that was why it broke. According to my invoice from Dave's, they had replaced that belt at the same time as the timing belt. Or so they said... The shop in Bishop was kind enough to document what they found, take a picture of the pin that remained in the tensioner, and send me home with the parts so that I could request a refund from the shop that had installed the parts. So, today I called Dave's and explained what had happened and requested a refund of the parts and labor. Dave refused to refund the money because it was outside of the 90 day warranty period. While I understand refusing to refund something that happened because of a fluke, this was clearly negligence on the part of the shop! Dave claimed that the timing belt had a hydraulic tensioner that automatically tightens the belt. According to the shop in Bishop and both of the Mitsubishi service centers in Las Vegas, even though the tensioner is hydraulic the pin HAS TO BE PULLED TO TIGHTEN THE BELT. I'm not sure if it was incompetence or bad morals/fraud on the part of the mechanic, but either way - I will NOT be returning to Dave's. Instead, I will be filing complaints with the Better Business Bureau and with the Attorney General's Department of Consumer Protection.
1	This is a follow up to my previous review of this shop back in January 2011.  This past weekend the water pump in my Outlander went out.  This is the same water pump that was replaced at the time that Dave replaced my timing belt (the one that broke 13,000 miles after he replaced it...).  So now, about 20,000 miles and one year later the water pump also has to be replace AGAIN.  As does the timing belt, the third time I have replaced it in the last year, thanks to contamination resulting from the water pump going out.  The mechanic that fixed the water pump was kind enough to bring it out to me and showed me that it had been sealed with an excess amount of silicone rather than being installed properly with a good fit.  Needless to say, I still do not recommend the
1	Dave's a nice guy, but his work is half ass, at best. Despite every other oil change, he never rotated my tires, thus causing them to wear through quicker; hello, random blow out at $270 for replacement tires! Maybe it's my fault for not verifying the work is done, but so many little things are constantly overlooked. I'm done with this place.
5	A more honest guy you couldn't find.Everyone has challenges. I couldn't get my car in due to him being backed up. Ok, so I didn't get it in til the next day. He called me by mid day and let me knwo his thoughts on the vehicle I wanted him to help me fix was going to cost more than the car was worth.His words were, "I'm telling you this as a person...you're better off getting a different vehicle and letting this one go...it will cost you between 500-1000 per visit. that's just not worth it in my mind. As a mechanic, I can do it, but you're gonna be sinking money into something that is just not worth the investment."I have respect for someone that just doesn't want me to waste money and invest it in something better.Kudos Dave. You're a good guy.
5	I have been searching for YEARS for a reliable and HONEST mechanic in Las Vegas. After getting severely burned by several mechanics in town I was starting to lose hope. I stumbled upon Dave's Automotive almost 3 years ago. His first job he changed my timing belt, water pump, and charged my freon. Not only did I save about $1500 with him, I felt at peace about his work.More recently (2/2012) I went and got an oil change at a shady place. They ended up stripping the threading on my oil pan and charged me to "rethread" it.... which was supposed to take 60 minutes. Literally 9 hours later (well past closing) they say they over stripped it and can't find a bolt to fit it so I have to buy a new oil pan. My car had a bad oil leak for the next coming weeks. I decided to take my car to Dave for a second opinion. He spent a total of 20 minutes on my car and fixed the problem for $40. I KNEW I could trust him. He has yet to let me down, and I doubt he will! Dave, thanks for being great! You will have me as a customer for a lifetime! -Matthew
5	I've been going to Dave's since I moved to Las Vegas about 3 years ago. I was recommended by some co-workers who told me he was the guy to go to when I had some issues with my compressor among other things, and they were not wrong! Dave is a truly good honest mechanic who does great work. I have a pretty old car and since getting my compressor changed, i've had a few other issues and always went back to dave. Recently I had my AC system have additional issues, and if anyone has a jeep, they know that the process of taking out the evaporator core is NOT an easy task. He not only took care of that, but in the process he found a few other issues and even called the parts company on my behalf to make them insure everything due to fault parts we had gotten a year prior and they did!My car is running smoothly (or as smooth as a 15 year old jeep can) and it's all thanks to Dave. He'll never force you into work you don't need and will always explain exactly what he did or needs to be done, and show you the old parts and exactly what was wrong with them. If you need a mechanic in Las Vegas, this is the place to go hands down.
5	Best mechanic around and just an all around great person! Family run business, great service, awesome pricing!I just moved out here from California and when my car started running hot I panicked because I've had the worst experience with mechanics. They not only fixed it fast and really reasonable (around 500 for a radiator replacement and water pump replacement) but they opened up a little early because I had to be at work and got my car back to me really quickly
5	I needed an emergency repair on my truck this summer. A week before I was scheduled to go on my family reunion camping trip, I discovered I needed a new timing belt. I found Dave's on Yelp. Although he did not have an opening he agreed to fix my truck after learning that I would miss my family reunion if I didn't get the truck fixed. Dave worked quickly and excellently to finish the repairs. Thanks to him I did not miss out on my reunion. Dave's is a family run business. They will go the extra mile to take care of you. Not only that, they are honest. Dave charged me less than half of what other mechanic's quoted me.
3	My '97 Saturn with 180,000 miles is a clunker, and when the repairs add up to more than the car is worth, I'll just scrap it.  So I wasn't expecting miracles, and he delivered adequately (but not exceptionally.)  His shop was friendly and quick, and did the work I asked for.  But he missed a problem, and I wish he had paid better attention when diagnosing it.The car was overheating constantly, and I was filling the coolant tank with a gallon of water every day.  I didn't see any obvious leaks, and I had replaced the tank and tubes last year, so I took it to Dave's on a recommendation from a coworker.  I asked if it might be a bad thermostat, since the temp gauge always says "normal" but the coolant is boiling out onto the ground whenever I stop at lights or in drive-thru.After keeping it a few hours, he determined it did need a new thermostat, and the whole radiator was shot -- hundreds more than I wanted to invest.  So I had him do just the thermostat, and I'd drive the car till the "bad" radiator killed it.Within a couple days, the coolant was back to boiling out onto the ground, and I decided to sit and watch under the hood to go from cold start to boiling over.  I'm not great with cars, but I understand the basics.  I thought about how even when the car is hot, I could remove the cap, but shouldn't this system be pressurized?  Air and water must be escaping, and the lack of pressure might be preventing the system from functioning properly.  It only took a few minutes before I noticed the boiling out wasn't coming from the overflow valve ... it was steaming out around the cap!A $6 visit to the Auto Parts Store and it never overheated again.  I wonder if the thermostat ever needed replacing, and I'm glad I didn't go for the new radiator.  It might have been a bad cap the whole time, and I wish I'd wrapped my brain around the problem more before seeing a mechanic.  He did the work I asked for ... but nothing more.  Shame he didn't catch that simple fix, or I'd have never known the difference and gave him 5-stars.
5	This place is great! Run by very friendly staff. It is a family owned, and run business. Dave and Linda are great. They try and work around your schedule as best they can, and try to accommodate you in any way possible, within reason. Dave works quickly, and try's to get your car back to you as soon as possible, while still managing to do quality work. Dave even looks at and diagnoses your car for free and gives free estimates! How many other mechanics do that? Not very many! His prices are also very affordable compared to most places. Even for someone who only makes 100$ a week. Which is quite amazing that he is affordable for that. I would highly recommend Dave to any of my friends, well anyone for that matter.
