5	ZING. ZAM. ZOWIE. WOW. This is a GREAT new spot, with dangerously fantastic burgers, salads, and other assorted sandwiches at crazy-low prices! I had the Double CharBurger with Cheese ($4.50) which is quite similar to an In-N-Out double double, but flame grilled and a bit more substantial.. which equates to PERFECT, when it comes to my ideal burger. Also had a Ceasar Side Salad ($3.95) which well... was just that... nothing special, but fresh, and served the purpose. Co-diners were very happy with their salads/burgers as well.  Fries are very good, if not a bit on the average side. Staff is hellbent on making sure you're happy, and the experience is much calmer and enjoyable than Five Guys (similar concept).  Also, major points for having such a relaxing, expansive, enjoyable patio.
4	First off I haven't been to the location myself yet, though I did get food there (family brought it home) so can't comment on wait, the staff, decor, all that stuff. As for the food, I thought it was good for the price. I had the double Charburger with cheese, which wasn't anything special but that isn't a bad thing. I thought the portion size (burger at least) was good, and everything tasted fresh which is a plus. For what it market seems to be, I think it is 4 star quality. It isn't anything that blows me away, but if I find a joint in this type of market that did I would be amazed. I'd say it is about on par with In N Out for me, just different finishing (In N Out has their sauce compared to just the mayo that was on my Double Charburger). If you like In N Out, I'd suggest giving Habit a try, I don't think you'll be too disappointed. If you tend to go mostly to BK/McD then you need to go to Habit right away, it will blow those two out of the water (and I love BK now and then).
4	This place is pretty good! First location is Arizona, and the daughter wanted to try it. Never knew there was one close to us in SoCal? I had the BBQ bacon burger with fries. Daughter and Wife had the cheeseburger. Place reminds me a lot of In-n-Out, the food is different though! My burger was very good, next time I will try the tri-tip sandwich. Wife and daughter enjoyed their burger also. We have had better, but we also have had worse! So do not get your expectation up so high, but I would come back again!
4	Growing up in Santa Barbara I've been telling every  one on the In N Out bandwagon in az about The Habit for years. Santa Barbara is home to the original one. Thank you Habit for bringing me a little piece of home to AZ. The burgers are so good, the Malts and the albacore sandwiches man. Mouths watering now. People in California don't really go to In N Out  that much. Az is way behind the times in this regard. Do yourself a favor and eat The Habit!Food: the ones in Santa Barbara are better. The burger didn't have the same char flavor and has a little on the salty side.Establishment: nice looking, on par with all the other trendy burger places. Definitely like the old school walk up ones back home better.Overall: B+
4	Great onion rings and delicious burgers!
4	Solid, very solid, but not mind-blowing. Nicer and wider selection than in-n-out, and higher quality ingredients and bigger burgers in general, but also pricier. Nice patio for extra seating.
4	I like this place! The staff was nice, the place was clean, and the food was fresh n yummy. I had the double charburger, fries, vanilla shake. The burger was nicely flavored and the toppings were fresh. The fries were pretty damn tasty. And the shake was creamy and had homemade whipped cream on top. Yum!I am definitely going to be eating here when I want a good burger. :-)
4	Love this place for me it beats chuck box, in n out, smash burger, five guys, about the only place it can't touch is maid-rite.  The onion rings are Devine.  I'm not a big fry person but the wife likes the sweet potato fries.
3	I was seeing all the great things about this burger spot and had to try it... I arrived to a very packed and busy restaurant the line moved fast. Came up to the counter to order and I went with the Double Charburger with Sweet Potato Fries and an order of French Fries. It was really impressive how fast the food did come out. This Place seems to be a place for families and kids they were running all over. I rate the food as followed.The Habit Double Charburger B+Sweet Potato Fries BFrench Fries D+ It was a nice change in burger spots but will not make me change my #1 burger choice.
4	It's been years since I've had a Charburger from the Habit so I was excited when this one opened up. Their burgers are simple, but good. Like In-N-Out, they have carmelized onions for their burgers which I prefer over raw onions. I also like that you can have have half onion rings and half fries with your combo for those who, like me, want variety. They also have very good ranch. It's kind of thin and runny but perfect for dipping fries or onion rings in :) Also there is a condiment bar with 3 different kinds of peppers. Sometimes I like to add jalapenos or some of those flourescent yellow peppers (sorry don't know what these are called) to my burger for a little kick.Service is extremely friendly here and prices are very reasonable.
3	Meh.The Habit Burger Grill didn't knock my socks off but it wasn't bad.  This burger joint is quite average.  I had the BBQ Bacon Charburger combo that came with fries and a drink.  The fries were decent but nothing special.  Standard fast food fries.  The burger was good but nothing to write home about.Wait staff was friendly and the restaurant (and the bathroom) was clean.  A woman was out and about the entire time I was there picking up trays and sweeping.  I'm not too picky about my surroundings but I appreciate places that keep up on cleanliness.  My final verdict is 3 stars.  The Habit is not a place I would go out of my way to eat at.  If I was in the area or a guest requested a stop, I would have no issues stopping.  But if I'm going out on my own for a burger in Tempe there's other places I'll hit first.
4	I have eaten at the Tempe location and in Orange County, both times I was very happy with my burger!They are grilled to perfection and their choice of "add-ons" are really good!  I recently had the char-original with swiss and avocado, I'm hungry just thinking about it!We also had an after dinner shake- perfect ending to the meal.  the atmosphere was nice and clean but really really busy!  We felt lucky to get a table, I'm sure in a few months it will slow a bit.  Thankfully the wait for food wasn't more than 5-7 min after placing our order at the counter.Will for SURE be back!
2	What is it with Arizona and their obsession with California chains?  It's like every mediocre thing they have in CA, it must be imported here to please the transplants and the AZ residents that have CA envy.  Unfortunately for The Habit Burger Grill, this is more like the mediocre CPK than it is the fantastic In n Out.  The burger's are 1/4lb so to get 1 patty for $4 (without fries and a drink) is outrageous, especially when I can get a double double meal for around $5-6.  I went with the double with fries and a drink and it was over $8.  Burger was average, fries mediocre.  For people that eat in they even use the same burger diapers In n Out uses.  I don't know what was up with the place, they literally had 10-15 employees working when I was there.  There were 6 of us dining in.  Maybe that's why it is so pricey, they have too many people to pay.  This place may appease the LA transplants that feel everything is better from back home but I don't see too many people deciding to spend $3 more for inferior food than a drive thru like In n Out.  The only thing "habit" about this place is that I'm going to make a habit of not going back.  I also didn't understand why they felt the need to give out the vibrating thing as I waited for my order.  I wasn't waiting for a table, I was waiting for a bag of food.  Hit up Lobby's a mile or so north for a big, juicy, flavorful burger  that is locally owned and blows away this less than stellar chain from CA.  The most disappointing thing is the landlord kicked out TOTTs for a run of the mill burger chain.
4	Modern little place with a cool vibe.  Young, enthusiastic workers take your order at the counter   You can watch the guys work the grill.  There are lots of burger, chicken, salad choices. There's a dining bar with stools and there are booths.  I had the delicious Charburger and onion rings; my dining companion had the Charburger and sweet potato fries.  We had this to go...and our order came up quickly just before the lunch rush.  No drive-thru available.
3	the burgers were good but it seemed like a more expensive version of in and out burger. it's close so i'm sure i'll go back , but i wasn't very impressed and the "spuer smiley" employees seemed really forced..
2	Joining the list of mediocre hamburger joints claiming to have great food (5 Guys, Smashburger, etc.) The Habit falls right in line.  Nothing spectacular about the food, nothing horrible either.  I ordered the Double Charburger, onion rings and drink which came out to a little over $8.  The service was friendly and fast, but the loud music being pumped into the dining room (Rob Thomas and Jack Johnson, you've got to be kidding me) made me want to change my dine-in order to a carry out order. The burger was made with two thin, dry patties and the onion rings were nearly identical to Carl's Jr.  The Habit is basically a fast food restaurant masquerading as a hip, new burger joint.
3	I won't hurry back.  I did enjoy the amount of avocado they put on my veggie burger.  The sweet potato fries were okay.  The line was a bit long and the food a bit over priced.
4	The BF and I tried Habit for lunch today and really liked it. I had a burger with cheese and he had a double burger with cheese meal. I also had a side caesar salad. I really liked that this place puts grilled onions on the burger and the fact that they have a lot of different sides to choose from. My salad was better than expected for a fast food place. I tried a fry and thought it was good, nice and crispy. The burgers were a good size, not so big that I felt sick after eating it, but  filling. I think if I wanted to get a fast food burger again, I would come here over In and Out (I'm not a fan of in and out.... always leaves an oily feel in my mouth). The people who work there were also very friendly, their credit card reader wasn't working, but the lady at the register was still really nice despite looking a bit stressed. Another girl who works there offered to take our tray on her way back to work from her lunch break. Anyway, it was a good place, I want to go back to try their other sandwiches.
4	Only been here once. I didn't know this was a chain out of CA or anything. I just wanted a burger. I had no expectations.Overall, our party was pleased. I can understand some of the comparisons to In-n-Out but I think I actually like this place better simply because they have more variety on the menu.  That's NOT a knock on In-n-Out, they simply don't have anything outside of burgers, fries, and shakes. Does somebody in your party like bacon, a different kind of sandwich, salad, or onion rings? Can't go to In-n-Out...The quality of the food was good. Everything was hot, fresh, and tasty. We had charburgers, sweet potato fries, regular fries. No issues with anything. Not a bad deal as far as I'm concerned.You can tell they're a little heavy on the corporate style right now in order to keep things going in the right direction with the new location, but it wasn't offensive to me, despite what appeared to be a high number of people appearing to be 'supervising'. Service was good. We'll be going back.
2	mehhhh. could be better.#1.....do you really need 20 employees for 10 customers? I mean, really?! seemed a little over crowded in the back to me. it was nice having good, friendly, fast service. just seemed a little overbearing.#2.....vegetarians opinion on the veggie burger? boca patties are much better than "veggie" patties. those things are nasty! change that and i will come back for sure. otherwise, i will have to think about it. Though I must say I do appreciate you having a vegetarian option and allowing the substitute on any burger! :)#3.....The fries need a little work.Thank you, drive thru, please come again! (if you change to boca patties!) ;)
1	Overrated and flat-out nasty.  My stomach is still turning from the blandest, most boring, luke warm bacon cheeseburger I've ever had.  Anyone who gives this joint a positive review should be slapped and banned from yelp.  Absolutely gross, go somewhere else.
4	This review is not a hamburger review.  Been there twice and ordered sandwiches both times.I was very impressed with the friendly service, even after we were seated-as this place is not a wait-service style restaurant.  Food was quick and very fresh.  Once I ordered the Tri-Tip Sandwich on grilled sourdough.  It was excellent!  Tender, flavorful meat.  Second time I ordered the Chicken Club. Nothing spectacular but it was done well.  Sad to say the sweet potato fries were a major disappointment.  Literally zero flavor.  The onion rings were tasty, though.No, this place does not replace In-n-Out and doesn't even compare in my opinion.  But still a great place to go if you want something fresh and new.
4	Decided to go to this place since i drive by it 10 times a week and i must say,  WOW,,,  very good burgers..  I have found my new favorite burger joint,,  move over In & Out,, you've been benched..  They use fresh ingredients and you can tell..  I did'nt give them 5 stars because i've gotta hold out for the perfect burger although it may not exist... I just wish there was more than 1 location..
3	The Habit is our new, neighborhood burger joint.  They serve up a tasty enough burger... $7.05 for their single burger meal with cheese, after taxes.  It's good but nothing that stuck in my memory so much that I'd be rushing back.  I'd stop in but not make it an effort.  The best thing here is the friendly staff and cool interior.  It'd be a good joint for a 4th or 5th date. hahaMight see ya there!
5	Love this place! My friend took me here once and recommended the double charburger, comes with fries and a drink! Food is always fresh and the service is great.
2	2 stars because the burgers are average (would be 3 stars) but the price for what you get is high (minus 1star).   With that said, I probably should go back just to see. But first impressions are usually what stick.
3	The fries were really good, the burger was ok nothing that stood out to me.  The service was friendly and quick enough.
3	Just tried the Habit for the first time tonight. The burgers were tasty, not GREAT, but good. The fries were a bit soggy and soft, but still tasted good. The atmosphere was clean, and the staff was friendly...but...a 30 minute wait on a Thursday night to get my to go order? UNACCEPTABLE!10 minutes in line, and then 20 minutes waiting get my food. For a restaurant of this kind, that is just crazy. Not sure if the food was good enough to keep me coming back.
2	Alright, I'm always up for a good burger, so when a coworker pitched me on giving this place a try I was all in.I ordered a #1 with cheese and all the standard toppings. It wasn't bad, but kind of average for a burger. If you are going to sell yourself as a "burger grill", you need to have a product that "wows" your customers. I can't say that about this burger. The meat was slightly undercooked and the flavor was just okay.The french fries were actually really good - they reminded me a little bit of McDonald's fries, but thicker in size. Seasoned about the same.I would go here again if I were with a group of people that already had their mind made up, so don't think I'm completely ripping these guys. I just don't understand the other reviews giving these guys high marks - seems a bit overrated.If you really want something good, though, I would steer you to Five Guys, Zipp's or Uncle Bears before I would send you here.
4	When I have a craving for a burger once or twice a month and I need it satisfied, this place will be worked into the rotation.  They clearly have a consistency issue here though.  One reviewer stated their burger was undercooked and mine was overcooked.  I would have traded for the undercooked any day.  That's when you get the moistest tastiest meat.  The burger could have used a little more seasoning but it was still good overall.  The onion rings and french fries were so crispy and delicious!  These alone would have me coming back when I am feeling a cheat day. I think this place is a decent value overall.  Habit's combos are fairly priced but I avoid soda like the plague so the a la cart options are for me. For $6.43, I got a double burger and a massive order of onion rings.  At five guys we are almost at $10 for the same meal and I don't think they are that much better.  However, that's for you to decide.
4	found this place in Santa Barbara, CA.  really good burgers there.  Now that they've branched out I can get really good burgers here.
1	These hamburgers taste like McDonald's burgers, however, are way overpriced (for the quality). I will not waste my money, here, again. Instead, I'll stick to gourmet burgers like those served at Deluxe or Blue Burger.
2	Not great.  Barely good.  Tri-tip sandwich had "tough" tri-tip and it fell apart with the effort of trying to tear the meat during a bite.Kids didn't like their burgers as well as they like In-N-Out.  The fries were decent, but the onion rings were crispy and the onion was overpowered by crust.Doubtful we will return.  I had hopes for this place, as not many joints offer tri-tip, which is one of my favorite cuts of meat.(sad face)
4	Really Great Burgers & Salads. I'm having trouble trying other things on the menu because I've found a couple of things that I absolutely love and it is hard to try something else when you have a serious craving before you get in the door!  And they have sweet potato fries!My last salad was so big I couldn't finish it, so I decided to take the rest home for later  . . . a little midnight snack?  Popped the container in the frig, forgot about it and found it the next day. I thought it was a goner for sure. Still good, and the perfect amount for lunch a second day.Postscript: As I was rinsing the container to put in the recycling bin, I noticed a little note on the bottom: "Now it is your turn. Please recycle."  As I looked further it stated" "4 (graphic) bottles = this box." The Bottle Box.  Wow!  My little part of saving the world is recycling and getting others to do the same through example. Thank you HABIT for not only providing really good fast food, but also contributing to saving the world's environment.
4	I like this joint.  I didn't realize it was a chain until after my first visit - had more of a locally-owned feel to it.  The value is pretty good considering what other joints charge for similar fare.  The burgers are charbroiled and tasty, the onion rings are above-average, and the very reasonably priced side salad was far more and better than I expected for its price.  Close to work and will definitely make my regular lunch rotation.
4	I really enjoyed my first visit here. The burgers are flame-broiled ala Burger King. No, this is NOT a gourmet burger, but a basic one done right. The decor is modern and trendy with big comfy booths. Service is a little slow, but that's the price of freshness. I will be back again and again. This place kills McDonalds and BK!
5	Great burgers! Usually order the Charburger with avocado and cheese, it tastes so auhmazing!!! Better than In n Out people!!
3	I've only been there once and I enjoyed myself. I went with my kids and they loved it! While the burgers were good, and my 11 year old felt like Habit would give IN N OUT a run for their money, I think we most enjoyed the ambiance. Indoor and outdoor seating perfect for this time of year and the music was nice; comfortable. The restaurant, condiments and restrooms were clean and well kept. The burgers were good, its apparent the ingredients are fresh. The fries and the onion rings are frozen, yet are good and were crispy! I will be returning to try more on the menu! Its perfect for the kids burger craving and salad for my weight watching!
5	Being from So Cal I love the Habit. Burgers are huge and delicious, onion rings hot and crisp and they're shakes are just heaven sent. They're new to the Valley so expect some lines around the lunch hour.
4	Great Shakes!
5	Their custom built burgers are the best!!  ... You wont find burgers like this at In-n-Out or those other boring chain burger places ... They offer a variety of selections, their chicken sandwich is amazing, even their salads look delicious, (and they have homeade ranch dressing, not that plactic tasting crap in a bottle ranch dressing) also they're veggie burger sandwiches are really good too. ... Give them a try, you wont be disappointed.
4	This is just what Tempe needs! A quick, friendly family place. The salads are great, surprisingly for a hamburger joint. But, what I realized is this isn't a hamburger joint at all. My boyfriend is addicted to the tri tip sandwiches. I love the shakes :) great spot, its always busy but not overwhelming. Instant fan!
5	went there the other day for the second time, we happened to have coupons for a free burger, I ended up getting the Albacore Tuna sandwich with the sweet potatoe fries. Both were very flavorful and the tarter sauce on the sandwich was awesome. My husband got the Charburger and was equally as tasty. Last visit I got the tri-tip sandwich and was just as pleased. I would HIGHLY recommend it!
4	I have tried the Tempe location two times now.  The first time was a burger and fries combo, the second was the Ahi Tuna sandwich.  The prices are reasonable.  The seating area is a little sparse, but I sat outside.  It was in the evening and cooling off, but they have gas heaters.  It was not evident that they use them, it may be a left over from a previous tenant.  Sold!  I'm definitely going to be a repeat customer!  The only thing they are missing...beer and wine.
3	Heard about Habit from a friend who raved about the cheese burger and fries.  I'm not a beef eater, so I had the veggie burger on a wheat bun (other choice was sour dough) and fries (had water in lieu of soda).  My friend tried a chicken Caesar salad and a soda.  My veggie burger had avocado, tomato, romaine, sprouts, grilled onions and cucumber.  It was big and filling, but not too tasty. Didn't like the fact that I was not informed that the avocado added a $1 to the burger (good thing I didn't take the cheese I was also offered that would have made the base $4.85 veggie burger $6.85).  The fries were good not great.  My friend liked the chicken Caesar salad, but said it was not as good as Wildflower's (they add mushrooms, capers and compliment the salad with tasty bread for about the same price).  Overall, The Habit is a good alternative to the Pei Wei's and Wildflower nearby.
4	Burger was good, bun really soft and veggies were fresh. Sweet potato fries were very good as were the rings. I knock them for not having cheddar cheese, cant really have a stellar burger without it. The burger quest continues.
4	I stumbled on The Habit while driving around, looking for a new place to go for lunch. The parking lot was full and the line was long, so I figured it must be good. It took me a while to navigate the line, but I ordered my burger and fries, and they give you this pager thing like you get at restaurants, which lets you know your food is ready. It's  good system, because it gives you a chance to grab your drink and pick a table. The first couple times I went I had a bacon cheeseburger. I really liked the flavors, the bun is delicious, and the fries are really good. Very crispy which I like.As you're ordering, you can see them grilling the meat on an open flame, and you can also watch them put together the orders. They clearly strive for quality, and it shows. Their charburgers are really good. I look at this like a better In-and-Out with more options. The grilled buns and American cheese remind me of In-and-Out, but you can also get bacon, mushrooms, a couple kinds of cheese etc. They also have healthier options, including salads and grilled chicken sandwiches (the grilled chicken is great).I'm glad I found The Habit, because it's become a regular lunch spot for me.
3	I came here because of rave reviews from my brother, but ultimately I left somewhat disappointed. I was thinking this was going to be cross between fast food and gourmet burgers, but I was kinda hoping it was going to err a bit more to the side of gourmet than fast food.It IS fast food, albeit slightly more healthy because of some options that one might find only at a more gourmet place. But ultimately, it falls short for me. It has more options than In and Out, but fewer options than Carl's Jr. They do not offer a Turkey patty, which I would have greatly appreciated. They do have a chicken sandwich and some salads, but I came for a burger, not a sandwich or salad. They have a veggie burger which comes on a wheat bun with cucumbers and sprouts and some sort of honey mustard stuff and avocado is an option. But the patty is just Morningstar Farms/Garden burger thing that although being cooked well just didnt give me any sort of wow factor.I ordered regular fries, though I could have ordered sweet potato fries or onion rings, which were cooked nicely but were completely unsalted. They spent a little time on presentation with a lettuce leaf and an orange slice which looked pretty but seemed pointless.Im not saying it was bad by any means, just not what I was looking for, and frankly Id rather go to Carl's Jr. if Im in the mood for this kind of burger. They're faster, they have more options that include turkey burgers, and they're a bit more upfront about just how gourmet they really are.
5	This is the best and newest burger joint to hit Tempe! I like it a lot better than smash burger! However the price is comparable. Great service, and great food!
3	Habit Burger is a pretty good place if you're in the mood for a burger and want something better than McDonald's but don't want to spend $10 at one of those gourmet places. They fall right in the middle, think In N' Out without the long wait and mediocre fries. What I like best about Habit Burger is that they actually grill their burgers, and because of this they aren't greasy. They also have sweet potato fries and they're delicious. The place is always clean and the staff is courteous and friendly.
4	Had the veggie burger this evening.....I met a friend here the other day and that's what she had; I had already eaten, but her food looked (and *smelled*) soooo good, that I just had to come back and try it for myself. It was worth coming back! All of the food was very fresh, including the fries. (you can tell fries have been fried in dirty oil by their color....if they are very dark in color, you know the oil is old!) The fries were nice and a light golden color and perfectly salted. My husband was very surprised at his burger choice, very good he said, and he was happy they put pickles on their burgers (I wonder why in-n-out doesn't do that......?) My burger came with cucumbers and alfalfa sprouts and onions, plus I was able to get it on a whole wheat bun. It's a good "burger" choice for a health freak like me :)And the whole order came to 10 bucks!! We were very pleasently surprised!! Good burgers for a good price with fast service. Can't go wrong with that!
4	Omg! So good! So fresh! Great burger joint. Ordered the tri-tip steak sandwich with grilled onions. The steak was tender and perfectly pink. Husband ordered the Original with fries. The burger was juicy and a good size. The fries were perfectly seasoned and fresh. We split a drink. Total bill was a bit over $14. Not a bad dinner price. Place was empty when we got here at 9:00 on a Saturday night but quickly filled up. Great service and great food. We will make The Habit a habit!
3	So let me start off by saying the prices are decent enough to make me want to come back for sure.  The fact that their fries are completely revolting makes me not want to return.  Anyone who likes those fries has no real taste buds.  Bland as hell. If i am wanting more salt(which never tends to happen) or a type of dipping sauce...Houston we have a problem!!!Burgers.....ehhh....okay. Nothing special. IMO  is it worth getting again? Maybe.Mocha Malt Milk shake? HOLY MOLY DONUTS!!! AMAZINGNESS IN MY STOMACH.Definitely worth driving back for but in different flavors for sure. HAVE to try them all!OM NOM NOM!Habit Grill please do not dissapoint me anymore....please and thank you :)
3	Was in the area waiting, and decided to give them a try.  Compared to some of the burger places, the prices were nice.  Found the burger to be pretty tasty, especially the grilled onions.  Didn't realize until later that I could have asked for a lettuce wrap or a whole wheat bun (dang small text on menu). Found the fries to be marginal at best.  Assume that they just purchase the pre-done frozen numbers.  They had little to no taste.  I didn't try the shakes, but those suckers were flying out of there while I had diner.  Figure I'll try the onion rings next time.
4	I'm not sure why this place only has 3 1/2 stars! Because of that, my boyfriend and I hesitated trying it out, but once we did we we're very pleased! The food is delicious. The burgers are juicy but not greasy or messy by any means. The toasted bun adds a wonderful touch to the overall taste of the burger. All of the condiments and sides are fresh, crisp, and tasty! I myself had a #1, which I enjoyed thoroughly and my boyfriend had a bacon avocado burger which he also voiced his satisfaction with! The service was helpful, polite and quick. The restaurant itself was clean and open. I have already returned once with a newcomer in tow and will definitely be returning again!
4	I've had everything on the menu except the veggieburgers. The chicken club is my absolute fave.This place has got it down - simple menu - burgers,sandwiches, and salads. Do a few things really wellrather than a lot of things just so-so. I can digit. You can also get a salad instead of fries so that's a big plus when you want to eat a bit healthierthan you can at a typical burger joint. Seating is both inside and outside but be warned that sometimesyou may encounter panhandlers if you sit outside. Also, parking can suck since this location gets rathercrowded during lunchtime and right next door is aStarbucks that can also get crowded. I usually park abit east of the area so I can get out quicker. Beatsyour average fast food burger joint with a baseballbat out of the ballpark.
4	Love their burgers - and the sweet potato fries are awesome.
4	Breaking The Habit, TonightBy The RueToday I went to Habit,I thought it was good dag nab it,Didn't even have to stab it,Like my name was Jed Clampit.Condements bar,No need to walk far,Ketchup not in a jar,I drive a jeep not a car.This place used to be Totts,Favorite applesauce is Motts,Don't listen to any robots,Stop trying to connect the dots.This place gets crowded by noon,Get there early on your broom,I'll let you feed me with a spoon,Dating me is your impending doom. All in all I prefer In and Out,I'm right here no need to shout,After I give you a hickey do not pout,When I'm through there'll be no doubt. Slam it!!!
4	Burger was really Yummy..fries also looked good. Only thing is that it was pretty pricey. I paid almost 6 bucks and got no fries.
4	Quality offering at a reasonable price? Check.Burgers fresh and cooked the way they were meant be cooked? Check.Great fries- 2 kinds no less? Check.This is a tweener restaurant-perfect for a great casual dinner. Not too expensive. Not cheap and greasy. Just right for that one day of the week when you want something in between.Enjoy.
4	delicious burger. great prices. i especially like that i can order my burger protein style...you know, so i don't feel as guilty when i eat my sweet potato fries. that's right, you heard me. SWEET POTATO FRIES. i swear this is the BEST intersection in Tempe. you have Habit, Mac's, Hoodlums, Changing Hands, Sbux,, Trader Joe's and Pei Wei, and Wildflower. What else do you need.
4	Yum- great place to grab a bite! I had been going to The Habit in Santa Barbara, CA and was so happy to see it come to AZ. Consistently good, freshly made, the wait can be lengthy though since everything's fresh. Even if there are only a couple people ahead of me, I usually end up waiting 15-20 minutes easy for to-go.  I've tried almost everything- there isn't a bad thing on the menu- also their sweet potato fries are yummers. They have great ranch and teriyaki too. :-)
3	Good, but not incredible, burgers.  Can't beat the prices.  Basic burger joint.  Our favorite thing about this place is the patio.  Clean, friendly staff, good burgers
4	For our office lunch we decided to give The Habit Burger Grill a try. From that lack of talking and full mouths I would say everyone approved. I heard that they have a hard time answering the phone, so I shouldn't try to pre order, just go in and place the order there, a little disappointing, I hate having to wait around when I need to get back to the office quickly. But I went and ordered there anyway. Their waiting area for your food is nice. I was able to load up on some jalapenos and peppers to take back to the office while I waited. The food didn't take long at all, about 6 minutes or so. The grill and kitchen are open and visible to the entire restaurant, sometimes this can be scary, but here it really works. No sneaky nose picking!A few people got the Albacore Tuna sammies and I got the #1 lunch special, a basic cheese burger and onion rings and a drink. The burger was fantastic, nice bun, great veggies and they even grill the onions! The onion rings were okay, at best, I would guess they buy them frozen. The best part of all, other than the sammies being yuuuuummy!, was the price. It is a-la-cart, but if you just want a cheese burger (Charburger) it's only gonna run you $2.95, winning! All the burgers and sandwiches are under $4 or $5. They also have some good looking salads, and the sweet potato fries are amaze-ballz! I totally should have gotten them instead of the O-rings. Very satisfies, I am excited to try the tuna next time. OH! And one of their shakes, they looked good too. But thanks to Jillian Michael's I am on a hard core work out regiment and cant splurge too much right now.
3	The Habit has yet to become a habit with me. I have come here a few times when visiting Phoenix, and while I have enjoyed the mushroom Swiss charburger and love their onion rings (their fries are okay), I have yet to feel drawn enough to make this place a regular destination. I do have one general question about the new gourmet burger fad: if you make a burger so large and stuff it with so many different things that you cannot fit it into your mouth, is it still a burger (given that a burger is supposedly a type of sandwich)? Still, their charburgers are good and served at a good price, and I do aim to come here one day to check out their veggie burger, as I like to encourage restaurants to offer some type of veggie burger option.
4	This place gets very mixed reviews but let's face it, you can get a burger for $2.95 and they will put all the fixings on for you as well as substitute a wheat bun, no charge. They also read your order back to you both when you order it and when you pick it up at the counter. I don't think this is trying to be the best burger place in town, but rather a convenient one without a drive-thru. Plus their bbq sauce, which is kept behind the counter, is excellent. Sometimes I just want to get a burger without the fries and drink and cater it my way. Here I pay three and change and I'm out the door. Plus their milk shakes are excellent, food is made to order and not under a lamp and if you stay and eat there, seating is in abundance, there are misters outside and the drink selection is plentiful.
4	Habitual HabitatBy The RueTo the blonde worker who took my tray,You're probably thinking this is gay,There is so much I wanted to say,After I considered it I was like no way!Maybe one day you can come out and play,I'm much better looking without the light of day. Charbroiled burger from the grill,Lettuce, tomato, onions for the fill,Filled up the iced tea and didn't spill,I went with my co worker named Will,Allanis Morissette sings Jagged Little Pill,That is one hotty I'd like to drill.I like that they have the pepper bar,My office is close and not very far,Jalapeno and peppercini's not in a jar,My little brother cut me and left a scar,I'll bet you like that band named Gwar,I still drive a jeep and not a car. Fries are fresh and they give you a lot,Onion rings are over breaded but hit the spot,When I hike I like to jot,I don't care if it's too cold or too hot,My favorite color is polka dot,Can I have your number? No, I cannot. Shroomin'
5	This has to be the best burger place around!  I hate to say it but it even beats In N Out Burger!  The place is clean and the food is fresh.  You have to go try it yourself to see what I'm talking about.  This place has definitely become a "Habit" of mine!
4	I was debating between a 3 and a 4, and I'm really rounding up my 3.6 :)  We'll definitely be going back.  It's a bit like In 'n Out Burger in price, with a char grilled flavour rather than the standard flat-top taste.  Cons:The prices are really good, but for an additional $1 for mushrooms I expected more than one sliced mushroom.  The burger patty was a little over salted.  Pros:Again--the prices.  Also, the fact that they have onion rings AND that they came out well done--nom nom.  The food may be slower than fast food, but it came up quite a bit more quickly than a standard sit-down restaurant.  The restaurant was fairly clean, and the staff were friendly and efficient.  Best of all--they have a lettuce-wrapped option.We'll be going back in the weeks to come, and bringing the kids.
4	Good Burgers, great milk shakes, and the onion rings were pretty tasty as well. Pretty good amount of food, definitely will be back.
3	Decent burgers, a step up from the typical fast food burger chains.  In addition to your regular beef patty, there are other options such as tuna, veggie patty, and chicken.  You have several choices of bread, and it's made your way with as many or as little toppings as you want.  Prices are decent too.  I had the tuna burger, which was OK.  It was a thinner cut of tuna than I'm used to, and cooked well-done.  The tuna itself probably had to be cooked well regardless, since it had a hint of fishy taste, indicating it wasn't the freshest fish.  I had a bite of the mushroom swiss burger, which was alright.  It came with a good amount of mushrooms and cheese, with plentiful toppings.  There is a free-range soda fountain here as well, which is nice for unlimited soda refills.  If I'm in the mood for a burger and don't feel like paying a lot for it, this is a good balance between price and quality.
5	BOMB :)Eat here. Good food. Great quality. Fast service. Dont compare this to some fast food joint. Its much much nicer. Sit down restaurant quality, but you walk up an order QSR style. :-)
4	I went for the first time yesterday.  I ordered a vegetarian burger.  It was fantastic.  I opted out of the tomatoes, cucumbers and honey mustard sauce but kept the sprouts and lettuce.  I also added on some grilled onions, sauteed mushrooms and American cheese.  It was beyond amazing!  I was unbelievably surprised.  The Veggie patty wasn't dry or flaky...it was moist and firm just like a true burger patty! I will definitely be going back.  Great service.  Messy outdoor tables...that was the only thing.
4	Most cheap, fast-food burgers are glorified slop. Most sit-down "fancy" burgers are terribly over-priced. Wouldn't it be great to get a GREAT burger AND a GREAT price!?Habit.This place never disappoints. The burgers are fresh, flavorful and made to order in an open kitchen.. The fries are cooked to a perfect crisp. The interior of the restaurant is neat, clean and welcoming. The staff is friendly. There are even menu items that cater to the non-carnivores out there.All-in-all, it's great burger, a very reasonable price, and a super way to spend your lunch hour.
3	Ordered chicken club, lots of avocado which I loved. Husband ordered double burger, he liked it but didn't rave about it. Fries were so/so. His golden and crunchy, mine limp and kinda soggy- I'll give it another shot before deciding if I like this place or not.
3	Very reasonable burger and fresh ingredients. Ate at a different location before and was not to impressed. This location was much better. Not gourmet burger level but better to compare with in n out and 5 guys
4	My only disappointment with The Habit is that it's so far away from me. Seriously. I was in Tempe to get my hair cut, and had some time to kill, so I went into The Habit to check out their menu. I ended up ordering the mushroom/swiss burger, and was pleasantly surprised! The mushrooms were fresh and sauteed when I ordered. The burger was pretty damned good for "fast food" (it's not the drive-thru variety--these are grilled to order, but it's not a gourmet burger establishment).The cheese was perfectly melted, and although the beef was a little over-done, it tasted amazing! When one compares the quality of burgers from places like The Habit and Culvers, it makes you wonder how McDonald's, Burger King and Wendy's stay in business. They're adding locations in Paradise Valley and north Scottsdale, thankfully. For now, I"ll drive down to Tempe to cure the burger itch!
4	I got food for carry-out and it was very good.  I tried ordering my food over the phone but that was a big mistake because their were serious issues with this service.  However, I just showed up and then got my food to go.  The burger was very good and the fries were about average.  The prices were very reasonable and the customer service in person went more smoothly than over the phone.  I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys a good burger at a great price.
5	May 28 was National Hamburger Day and The Habit gave away free burgers.  I had never been here before and a free burger was enough to draw me in.  They were giving away "Charburgers" which are their signature burgers.  This wasn't any ordinary fast food burger.  It was topped with cheese, lettuce, pickles, onions, tomato and mayo.  It was very delicious and just the right size. I took a peak at the menu and saw some unique menu items.  There is a teriyaki and pineapple burger that sounded interesting. I would definitely come back again.
3	This place has yummy burgers and onion rings and is really clean!  They usually have a special burger every month or so, but one of my favorites is the bbq bacon burger with cheese.  Yum!
5	I wanna eat here every day for the rest of my life!! SOOOO GOOD!
5	Came here with a group of friends before a Phoenix Mercury game and we arrived at a good time, being it wasn't overly crowded, and we got right up to the register and placed our orders. Upon completion of order and payment, they give you a disc that lights up when your order is ready. We grabbed a table, filled our drinks, and got condiments while waiting for our number to be called. Once our food was ready and we all divided up our orders, we got down to business and enjoyed our meal, re-filling drinks and getting more condiments as we went along.This was my 2nd time here (first time, I brought my dad here for lunch while he was visiting me from out of state), and just like the first, I really enjoyed it. I learned on this visit, however, that they have added Sweet Potato Fries to their repertoire, so next time, I will definitely gt those with my meal. My friend got them with hers and they looked so tasty!My burger was cooked to absolute perfection and they put very little lettuce on it, which I prefer, being I have braces and get lettuce caught in my brackets very easily. The fries were perfect...not really salty, which is one big complaint I have about a lot of places. I am so NOT a salt person and can't stand overly-salty foods. I recommend The Habit to anyone looking for a new burger place to try. One bit of confusion I must clarify: the drive-up outside is for the Starbucks next door, and people have thought that The Habit has a drive-through. Not the case, unfortunately, but they do offer take-out as well as dine-in.
4	This is my second time eating here. Good food set in a nicely designed restaurant which provides great atmosphere. The burgers are excellent! The fries are good, though perhaps a bit dry for my liking. Price is pretty good for what you get. Overall I recommend this place!
4	The service is always super friendly! Me and the husband are fans of this place because the burgers alone are so well-priced. It's a great place to have lunch with friends with a classic burger menu.
3	I would say the best way to describe The Habit is a place that offers tasty burgers at a good price. The burgers are't top of the line, but definitely better than traditional fast food. If your looking for a decent burger without having to shell out $$, this is your place. On the plus side, they also offer sweet potato fries and carry chicken, tuna and veggie burgers - but there aren't really any combo deals...everything is pretty much a la carte. The place is clean and the service is good with a short wait for your food because they make everything fresh = fries are always hot and crisp...yum!
5	The Habit in Tempe is delicious!  I enjoy the food from here and it isn't too pricey.  More money than a fast food restaurant, but the quality of the burger and fries here is not average, it is far above.  I would say they are my favorite burger and fry place by far now, and would recommend this establishment to anyone who enjoys hamburgers and french fries.
2	I'm shocked by the good reviews this place has.  Their burger has to be one of the worst ones I've ever had.  It literally had NO FLAVOR!  I had a bbq bacon burger with grilled onions, bacon, cheese, lettuce, tomato and mayo but none of the flavors stood out and all I could taste was the bun.  It was so bland.  Also, there were way too many people working.  I think I counted 6 people yet it still took a good 15 mins to prep my to-go order of 2 burgers, fries and onion rings.  I feel like it was a waste of $15.The only reason I gave them 2 stars is because everyone working was friendly and their fries and onion rings were decent.  I don't know if I went on an off night or what but I'm seriously shocked people like this place.  Soooo many better burger joints around.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! It is like a combination of in n out and five guys. The burgers and fries are better than in n out but it is cheaper than five guys!! This my absolute favorite place to get onion rings, they are crispy and the ranch is excellent with them!
5	Never had a bad experience here. The burgers are great and the fries are even better!
5	This is the best burger I have had in a very long time.  If you are craving a good burger, you have got to try this place!!
4	Delicious! Great customer service! Our first time there and it definitely will not be our last!
4	Had the Char Burger w/cheese. What I loved about it was the toasted 'around the edges' bottom bun! The hamburger needed lil salt and pepper or something. But, all in all a nice place to get a tasty burger w/lettuce 'n tomatoes. My friend had fries and they were tasty!  I'll stop in here again!
3	We've been here several times in the last year,  and have generally had a positive  experience. My BBQ bacon burger was great,  lots of flavor and cooked perfectly.  My 11 year old daughter had the chicken ceser salad,  chicken was cooked spot on and the dressing was very good.  The bun on  my wife's mushrooms Swiss charbroiler was hard and she said it tasted stale,  but the meat was cooked Ok. Sweet potato fries and onion rings were excellent as always,  but had to give 3 Stars due to the stale bun.
5	Please please please give the steak sandwich with blue cheese a try. Absolutely amazing.
5	This location of habit burger grill are the most friendly people ever! Have gone there many times now as they have one of the best burgers in town and for cheap but it is always a great experience! Recently went and were given free malts and a free meal, soo nice of them!! Good karma and will pay it forward. Highly recommend this joint and location it's always been super fresh and they will continue to get my business for many to come.... Excellent service.
4	It's nice to see a chain that is committed to doing something and doing it well. We have a local Habit restaurant here in California. On a whim, we decided to drop into one near our hotel in Phoenix last week. Both my wife and I ordered the same thing we always do--mostly to see if the experience was consistent. Well it was. Consistently yummy, might I add.... If you find yourself in Chandler with a hankering for a great burger, I highly recommend the Habit.4 out of 5 stars for the food being a little on the pricey side for the amount that you get. But who am I to quibble, we'll still be back.
4	My coworker and I just left there. It was my first time trying this place and it was pretty good. I checked it out online before I went and people compared it to In N Out. To, me The Habit is better by far especially their fries. My burger was a little pink inside but not enough to make a fuss about.  The only drawback today was the landscapers. Seemed like everytime I started talking, he'd fire up the saw he was using lol.  Will definitely eat here again.
5	Yum! This is one of my favorite spots to grab a quick burger. I have had the tuna on a french roll, tuna lettuce wrapped, cheeseburger,and  veggie burger with avocado. The veggie burger is served with sprouts, cucumbers, and tomatoes. The fried green beans are delicious and so are the onion rings, fries, and sweet potato fries. I have not tried the salads yet, but a friend did and she loved it. Prices are very reasonable!
2	Cobb salad lovers go elsewhere!  Can't find the right combination of words to tersely describe how disappointing it was.  It fails on too many points.  Good thing I ordered fries or else 1 star.
3	Food is great. Service is good. Three stars because the lobby is way way way too small for their volume of business and the seating is uncomfortable.  If the dinning room is empty, stop for a good meal.  Oh, and no dr pepper!  That's a demerit.  Every all Pepsi or all coke place usually also has a dr pepper contract too. How lazy...
3	Had a free burger coupon from the newspaper so we went to try it out. The burger was ok, but nothing special. Fries weren't the best either. Nothing sets this place apart. The setting is very California - surfer pictures, palm trees set against an ocean view. I will say that the staff went above and beyond. They had staff constantly monitoring the dining area checking in to see how your meal was and if there was anything else they could get you. We went on a Saturday afternoon and it was packed! Not a lot of seats.
5	Why would you go to BK, McDonald's, or any other fast food joint to get a burger ;when you can go to Habit and get a freshly made burger ( no microwave here) for pretty much the same price? I have been to the Tempe and  Chandler location and both are consistently great.  Theirs burgers and O-rings are the bomb!  So stop going to those fast food chains and getting microwaved burgers! Just go to Habit you will not be disappointed! BTW, not sure why people think this place is expensive? $7.20 for a double Char with fries and a drink. Not too bad in my book, unless you are used to the crap dollar menus at all those fast- food joints.
4	Went here for the first time since I've been hearing a lot about this place. I had the double charburger with avocado and no onions. The wait wasn't long at all and it was pretty delicious. The fries were tastey as well and it's an appropriate amount of fries. I'd recommend going here definitely.
5	Being a patron of the original Habit in Cali for many years, I was skeptical! Shoulda known that The Habit would not disappoint, period! Amazing burgers, just like home! You gotta try the Santa Barbara Burger with a side of the tempura green beans and their homemade ranch! You will be a SoCalBeliever of The Habit in no time!
5	After so many friends saying this is a great burger joint, had to go.  We went at 11:00 and it was already packed.  I see why.I got the pineapple terriyaki burger and she got the char.  Both yummy and seemed very fresh.  We also got the onion rings and fries and didn't leave anything behind.  Burgers & fries may seem a trivial meal and hard to screw up but this place makes fast food a thing of the past.The staff was super friendly to our first experience and we will definitely go back avoiding McD, Jack & Wendy.   I rank Habit right up there with In-N-Out and a bit more comfy casual.
5	WOW OMG HEAVEN so I am a burger fan and love in & out but the habit has them beat hands down. I personally love a chargrilled burger better than fried and the habit burgers are big juicy chargrilled goodness
4	I've got some habits, let me tell you. This place is one of them.Its all about that secret menu and that Santa Barbara style.does have a little bit of a chain feeling but that's okay with me.the pepper bar has provided me with hours of fun. got to keep up my fire breath.Reviewer E.M.  who is a vegetarian seeks quality Cobb salad at burger place... I wonder how that meal ended?Reviewer Joe G needs to quantify what "wow factor" tastes like for the rest of us...
4	Came here for dinner last night. Arrived to find the parking lot nearly full, even on a Friday night. The Habit is bright and clean inside with a view into the kitchen. Let me tell you, those guys were working hard. I went with the classic single charburger with cheese and sweet potato fries. They gave me a pager and my drink cup for the short wait. It didn't take very long. The burger here was very good. It was hot and fresh and I thought the flavors came out. You could taste the beef, and I really like the caramelized onions they put on it, rather than red onions, which aren't my favorite. The sandwich stayed together well, which is always a plus. I was not as impressed with the sweet potato fries. They had a nice flavor, but they weren't crispy and I prefer crispy fries. Next time I'm going with the onion rings instead. For a quick place to grab a simple burger this place is a good option.
5	Love, love, love Habit.  The food is well priced and delicious every time, the salads are awesome too, what is not to love!!!  Everyone I have introduced to this place loves it too....great concept, great food, fast service, what is not to love....I always make a Habit of going to Habit!!!!
4	Second time eating at Habit, although first time at this location.  Burger was still delicious, but the onion rings had way too much salt.  There isn't too much seating at this location so we had to hover around a table, anxiously waiting for a family to leave.  My wife likes Smashburger a bit better.
4	Charbroiled HappinessThe Habit is several steps above your bigger, faster hamburger places and not the trendy, boutique burger places that have opened up in the past few years. The Habit serves up great burgers, fries, shakes and even salads, but the star attraction at the Habit are the onion rings, they are to die for.  The Habit also offers sweet potato fries if regular potato fries aren't your thing.  However, do yourself a big favor and order the crunchy onion rings, with ranch dressing on the side, you won't be disappointed .The burgers  at the Habit come dressed in different flavors, but always freshly made and worth the wait.  The Habitb has a condiment bar with peppers and pickles, and there is no extra charge for whatever you want on your burger (grilled onions, mushrooms, lettuce, tomato, etc.) The Habit is very reasonably priced. The restaurants are very clean and the staff has always been extremely accomadating.   I would go here any day of the week over other fast food restaurants.
4	Delicious and great service. Got a protein burger. Was a little messy but to be expected when there's no bun. Lol milkshake also delicious and recommended.
4	One of my favorite burger places. Sweet potato fries were great as always, BBQ Bacon Char was superb. 9 out of 10 times I go, it's the best burger. However that 10th time every so often is unpleasant. I never know when that will show up, and it is still occasionally dirty upon sitting at a table. This is my favorite burger in the area, no doubt, no questions asked.
5	I think this is the only place I will eat a burger(not a big fan of in n out).I can't find one flaw in any of their burgers or side oh my goodness.A regular burger is freakin great as well as a cheese burger but my favorite is the mushroom one! It was just love at first bite.Also I can't decide if I love the onion rings or the fries more..you cannot go wrong with either decision so I guess it's alright.
5	There are better burgers out there,  but when you consider quality,  price,  and convenience nothing beats The Habit. Everything is made fresh to order, and the grilled burgers are superb. I love the teriyaki char and the single with bacon. The onion rings and ranch dressing are a current favorite. And this summer they have had strawberry lemonade!  Try it,  you'll love it.
4	Went in for lunch on a Sun Noon. The place looked bright and clean. Big, simple menu signs. Cheerful staff took our order right away. Chicken sandwich, fries, and a chocolate malt. SJ had Santa Barbara burger w/ bacon combo. We both loved our food. Chicken was moist, tender, and yummy! We've both felt comfortably full for hours. The full-flavored malt reminded me of the passion expressed in Robert Johnson's Malted Milk song. $25 for two is a tad pricy for a lunch rotation place for me, hence the four stars. When price is no object, I don't think a place in the valley does better than the Habit.
3	I ate here after reading the rave reviews, and I found it to be just ok. It's definitely better than McDonald's, but I think there are even tastier options out there. I'm surprised that it was named #1 Burger joint in America, I would have chosen Five Guys or In N Out.
4	Great place to eat, great ambiance, friendly employees, the ranch is okay. The onion rings are to die for, what I call a good burger.
5	Not only is the food delicious (some of the best burgers you can get in AZ), the customer service is top notch. They take responsibility for mistakes and make sure your experience along with your food is great. Awesome family atmosphere as well.
2	ok.. First off this place serves frozen food.  How on earth can you charge that much for frozen food?  2nd the slogan of the restaurant is something about amazing quality... I live for good food so when i saw the sign i rushed in!  What a bummer.. Might as well eat mcdonalds because its the exact same thing they just cook when you order at this place.Dont waste your money eating here.  The people who rated this 5 stars clearly were high when they ate there.... I just wrote the above review and had to edit my review just to come back and say... yuck.  I have a bad taste in my mouth from thinking about this place and am still bitter of the false advertising of quality food.  I wouldnt eat here if someone paid me.  Un believable.  2 stars only because the soda was good. WHY do you serve frozen french fries?????  My taste buds packed up and went on strike after eating here.
2	Smelled great when walking into the shop! Was excited to see their diverse menu for a burger joint (ie chicken, fish, salad options for example). Wait time was reasonable for the volume they were pumping out for a Friday night. Cost was about $10 a person for my bill and that was for two sandwiches + sweet potato fries to share. Taste was okay but my biggest qualm is that neither mine or my husbands burger meat was hot in temperature. That's a show stopper for me when it comes to second visit.
5	This habit burger location is the original and it's definitely the best! The food us always fresh and delicious and the staff is great!
