4	This is an excellent authentic Mexican restaurant.  New location recently opened in Surprise, Arizona.  Service was fantastic and food was delicious.
4	Last night we had a craving for mexican food and we remembered seeing a coupon in the Savvy Shopper for Las Fuentes which recently opened in surprise.The coupon we had was for buy one entree get on free of equal or lesser value up to 8.99.being that we just had our yard landscaped a free entree was very enticing.  We arrived to find a well decorated mexican restaurant, we started looking over the menu and after a few minutes we started to think the joke was that nothing on the menu costs less than 8.99 except salads.  luckily my wife was able to find a tostada for 8.50, I ordered the fountain sampler which was their appetizer sampler platter.  We got our food shortly after.  Both plates were huge, I had a mountain of nachos, several quesadillas, taquitos, and mini-chimichanga's.  the nachos were very cheesy and tasty and I really enjoyed the mini-chimi's.  I probably only ate half the plate and had plenty of leftovers.  Overall the food was very good.  the coupon was a bit offsetting though when the average menu price was 14.99.  I'd like to come back when we're less broke and order some of the more specialized entrees.
4	It's always a good sign when you want to eat at the same place twice in one week. Excited for a new Mexican restaurant in Surprise, my husband and I tried Las Fuentes twice this past week. The first time we were lured in with a coupon and I tried the Tostada Grande. It was more like a taco salad lax on the lettuce. It had a fried flour tortilla, a layer of beans, shredded beef, cheese, tomatoes, lettuce, and sour cream. It was indeed "grande" and hit the spot. Fast forward a few nights later and I sent the hubby out to get something to bring back for dinner. We decided to try their "Grande platter for two" and we were not disappointed. Once again the servings were large and the food was tasty. We were particularly impressed with the enchiladas and the chicken tostada. The salsa tastes very similar to Macayos, but other than that the food definitely has a little bit more love put into it that some of the other choices around town.
4	Wow what a find! This palce rocks we spilt the fatijs and it waas really good. The kids ordered chese and bean burritos, which were good, and served on chilled plates. The wait staff was very friendly and the decor was cool. We had some coupons so the meal came out to like 35 bucks. I will return to this place when I return to Surprise.
5	A very little known but great Mexican restaurant in Surprise. Easy to miss, it's tucked away next to the UltraStar threater. Far better than any of the other local alternatives (Rio Mirage, Macayos). Food is great, salsa is incredible, and staff is very friendly. Great environment too. A must try, you won't be sorry.
4	My hubby and I have been to this great restaurant now twice. There are a few reasons why we really like it. First, the food is good. Try the shrimp Ceviche-divine! I crave it! The Grande Platter for two was more than enough yummy food for the two of us. And the best part of this place...Sunday, after church, around 11am, they have 2 Mexican singers-one of which is 82 yo!! His voice and his ability to play guitar are fabulous. Not gonna lie, I cry each time I hear him cause he is so sweet to listen to!! Head out to a nice dining experience at Las Fuentes!
1	I almost never go back to a restaurant if it disappoints me the first time.  This place will not get any more of my money.  There are just way too many better options for the price, even in Surprise.  It's a little more expensive than Macayo's and not even as good.  Then there are several small Mexican restaurants in the area that are much cheaper and way better.
3	Solid Mexican food restaurant, definitely better than Macayo's or Garcia's! It's next to the movie theater, nice big parking lot, & it's much larger inside than it looks from the outside. Good atmosphere, nicely decorated, comfortable seating, very polite staff. Our waiter was very attentive, but did not hover. We went early, around 4 pm & didn't have to wait to be seated. Food was good. My friend & I had the Fajitas for 2: chicken, steak & shrimp. They should rename it to Fajitas for 4, possibly 6 OR Fajitas for 2 hungry guys, lol. The house cabernet wine wasn't bad at all, so we each had 2 glasses :D Walked by later that night on my way out of the theater & I swear I saw disco lights in there, lol. Maybe later at night the bar turns into a mini disco?
4	If you need to relax after work and craving for margarita. This is the place! The bar is small and cute and the restaurant has a homey feeling. The service is friendly. They offer complimentary chips and salsa. Las Fuentes offers different flavors of margarita! I tried the mango flavored margarita and I am hooked! The prices of the drinks are okay and they do offer discounted drinks during happy hour.
4	My mom was in town visiting and she loves mexican food so I wanted to bring her to something traditional and good near our house in Surprise. After checking the review on Yelp, I decided to give this place a try and was pleasantly rewarded for doing so. The decore was very welcoming and the food was delicious. They give such large portions you can easily have two meals! I definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a low key but fantastic mexican restaurant on the west side!
4	Its decent, good service, good salsa n chips, food is 4 out of 5.  I thought it needed a little more flavor, but i do tend to have a pecular sense of taste.
4	I've eaten here atleast once a month and let me just say, I didn't get this fat by not knowing good Mexican food.  The prices are a bit high but the quality's always matched it. Growing up 45 minutes north of Mexico; I can honestly say this is as authentic as you'll find in the area.  I only gave it four stars because I don't like cinnamon in my enchilada sauce and sometimes theirs is a little to much.
4	good food great service kills Macayos they stink
4	Tried out their Champagne Brunch on Sunday and it was a treat! From menudo, posole, enchiladas, pan dulce and a lot of other choices! I'm usually pretty nervous when I hear Mexican buffet but after trying pretty much everything at Las Fuentes not only was I stuffed but wanted to wait around a while just so I could have more. Service was excellent and judging by the crowd this new place won't have any problems staying busy.
3	3 of us came in here for dinner based on the good reviews on Yelp. We ended up splitting the grande platter. 2 tacos, 2 tostados (mini taco salads really very large) 2 enchiladas, 2 chili rennos, 2 taquitos, rice and beans.  The best things were the tostados and tacos the rest was just OK,  we couldn't finish it it was so big.  It was only $18  for all that, what a great deal!!!  nice inside, very clean and the waitress was great.  not the best but for the price we will be back for sure.
4	I actually found a place I like in Surprise! So now this might limit my trips to Garcia's on 35th Ave. Service was excellent, food was great. Next time we will try their buffet. Can't add to what has already been said. We are going to make this our weekly stop during our movie night!
1	Overpriced for the food they serve. Service was bad.
3	Place looked busy and smelled delightful. After a 30 min wait before being seated. We all decided to get the buffet. Lots of tasty looking dishes and with free mimosas. Everything tasted much as it looked. The carnitas and handmade corn tortillas stole the show. They had run out of oj so mimosas turned to just champagne, and the bloody mary tasted like there was nit a drop of vodka to be found. Would of loved to have tasted the chips and salsa but after asking 3 times for them we gave up. Overall food was tasty, service was slow.
4	I recently ate at Las Fuentes for the first time.  I'm not really a connoisseur of Mexican food because I don't eat it that often but I did think it was pretty tasty.  The portions are enormous - I highly recommend sharing a plate with whoever you're with.  The restaurant was nice and clean and the service was great!  Overall I give it four stars. Although it was good, it was a little pricey for Mexican food.
4	Spring Training.  So how did i start my Spring Training that fine morning? Enchiladas, taco, Omelet, Rice, beans, Chilli Relleno, some BBQ, a gang of Mimosas and some chocolate cake.This place is in a strip mall sort of complex.  From the outside you would think its a little rinky dink joint but its fairly good size and nicely set up in there.  Good size bar top and two dinning areas.  The buffet was really good and I will certainly do it again next time I find myself in Surprise, AZ
2	I'm just not sure what to make of Las Fuentes.  My first visit for lunch was really great.  Attentive, prompt service, fresh, hot chips, and yummy entree.  I was excited to have this place so close to our  house.  Second visit, during dinner, was borderline terrible.  My daughter's grilled cheese was basically margarined-up bread with fake cheese slices that were nowhere near melted or even warm.  My husband's entree (a house special, according to our server) was bland, but my bean burrito was fine.  I feel like I could get this same food from one of the other Mexican places around here.
4	Good food, good prices, sometimes slow service.
4	Recently moved to AZ from CA.  Looking for good mexican food and found it here.  Las Fuentes Mexican Grill is very good.  Salsa is great....Try the Pork Verde Enchiladas, and the Seafood Burrito.  You won't be disappointed.  Staff is friendly, efficient and prices are good too!
1	Went for Sunday Brunch today. The food was pretty good. But I was very disappointed in the service. We could hardly get someone to refill are drinks. But the worst was when we received the bill. They charged $6.98 each for the buffet for my 2 year old boys. And added an automatic gratuity of $11.23 for 5 people. $11.23 when we served ourselves and were only able to receive one refill on my water. Ridiculous!!! I only gave one star because the food was pretty good. We won't be back.
2	Service was great, food was so-so.  I always order the same thing when I hit a new Mexican Food restaurant.  Chicken taco with rice and beans.  I figure that its easy, but easy to mess up.  If they get that right, its worth a repeat visit.  The only good thing about the tacos was that the veggies were fresh and the taco shell wasn't store bought.   The "shredded chicken" actually resembled chicken mush.  It was wet, which made the taco fall apart and the chicken itself had no flavor whatsoever.  The beans and rice were ok.   I will come back and try something else, just nothing with chicken.
4	One of the nicest Mexican buffet options I have ever seen.  It is great to have this location right here in Surprise.  The dining room is nice and the menu selections are amazing.  Prices are a tad on the high side for me, but in retrospect, the food was worth it.  Avoid Abuelo's at the Arrowhead Mall area, and stay right here in town for a wonderful dinner!  Service has been spot on each time we have been here.
5	What a great find!   This Mexican restaurant is located next to the Ultrastar Movie Theatre at Wadell and Litchfield Road in Surprise.   From the outside, you can't tell that it is a really nice, roomy, restaurant on the inside.  It is a sit down Mexican restaurant with all you can eat chips and salsa.  (Before we went there the first time, I thought it was just a small fast-food place, but I was wrong - it is a big, full-service restaurant.)  They have very reasonable prices, great food and a great atmosphere.  How can you go wrong?
4	Absolutely the best salsa and carne asada around, we like to have them cook it medium rare:) We also like their tacos and Enchiladas De Camaron. They also sale the salsa so you can take a big container of it home with you. Love the decor and service has always been good. The only reason  it didn't get 5 stars from me is because their chili renos are horrible, they taste like they were popped out of the freezer and have tons of soggy thick egg batter, and I have tried them several times hoping they would get better:/
1	Great chips! Pure and simple FRESH salsa. Salsa flavor explodeds in your mouth....great start to the meal. I ordered a Cadillac Margarita. Their version is supposed have Patron Citronge. The drink was made in front of me and the Patron wasn't used...the bartender made it wrong! I don't think the correct recipe would have mattered as the proportions were wrong and the margarita mix was awful. I ordered a premium Long island Iced Tea next. The bartender didn't understand cocktails are about proper proportions. He seemed to think more booze made a better drink...it doesn't. Cocktails should be smooth and well balanced...his were not.I ordered 2 shredded beef tacos with rice and beans. The bean were good. They had good flavor and good consistency. The rice tasted instant. The rice was good....just poor quality. The tacos had VERY LITTLE beef. Tacos have little beef to begin with. When you skimp on the meat, it's noticeable. I will not go back to this restaurant. Surprise has better Mexican restaurants with better bartenders.
3	If your looking for authentic mexican food this is NOT the place.  First off...they could not bring me a salsa that was spicy to go with my chips.  My 8 yr thats hates anything remotely spicy was jus fine though and loved it.  I ordered a "burrito asado".  Im sorry, but if I pay 12 dollars for a carne asada burrito I expect way better.  20% meat, 70% beans, 10% cheese is a failure all around.  Nobody in my family of 4 finished their food.  The food is the problem!The service was excellent and absolutely no complaints, very attentive, happy and upbeat!! Negro Modelo on tap!!!  Awesome!The beer and service is the only reason Im giving this 3 stars.
2	Food was blah and not on my must eat here lists.  If you want Mexican food I am sure you can go somewhere else, like del taco to get the same result, taco bell is across the street as well.
3	I personally have problems with their food, my boyfriend does not & actually seems to like this place very much.  I enjoy the drinks though!  It's a good place to stop before you catch your movie next door.
5	Good food, great service, and good prices
5	Love this place!! Excellent salsa and chips! Try the chile verde burrito, its huge!! Mini chimis and taco salad great as well.
5	Love this place, although the dishes are not consistent, they are always great! staff is friendly and Service is Great!
4	Good food, great drinks. Wait staff somewhat attentive but needed to be called to attention a couple of times.
5	What a damn shame. We've been living in Surprise for over 5 years and we just visited Las Fuentes for dinner tonight for our first time. I happy to say, adios Macayos, you are officially done. BTW, we have eaten at Las Fuentes for their Sunday brunch, F in good. Surprise is lacking in the Mexican food for dining however Las Fuentes answers that.
5	Good food, decent prices and a friendly staff.
2	Wow not great.  Was surprised because of so many positive reviews.  I would put this place "on par" with Macayos but no better...and that is not saying much.  On the positive side the service was excellent.  The atmosphere was fine, pretty much like any other mexican place.The food in my opinion was not what I expcted given all the good reviews here.  Chips were ok but the salsa was very watery and their "hot sauce" is more of a chipotle type thing than a red hot sauce.  I had enchiladas trio and it was well below average.  The beef one was ok, the cheese one was also ok, but the chicken one was barely even cooked.  Rice was seriously overcooked as well.  Pretty much exhausted all the possibilities of mexican restaurants in Surprise.  They are all below standard...probably will head to Arrowhead area when we have cravings for this type of food in the future.
2	Had the platter for two. Service was ok but not great. The food was bland, and I think most of it came out of a can. "Hot" salsa is not hot and lacking in flavor. I wish I had tried the buffet. Regardless, I won't be going back. I would rather drive 15 miles and go to Arriba's or Macayo's.
2	Sub Par experience but food tasted good.  We visited here for lunch.  It was not busy but I had to track someone down to seat us.  The waitress sat me at a dirty table that was dirty from the night before.  The service took a while even though there were only a few customers.  The food did taste really good but was served to us just warm so it was cold before we could finish.  I may try it again but probably not
5	Just got done having a nice dinner with friends. Great food and great service. Had the verde burrito. Great atmosphere and people.Will definitely be going back.
4	Went for a late lunch, about a half full dinning room. Food was good and service was nice. Decor was a little nicer than I was expecting for it being in a shopping center. Nicely priced Lunch Specials. I got a Tamale and Chili Relleno for $8 and my wife had a Surpreme Burrito (fried) for $8.
4	Great Mexican food.
1	I don't get the great reviews. I have been here twice and will not return.  First time food was edible so we decided to try buffet for lunch.  First clue was the buffet was so small I could hardly believe they called it a buffet.  It had fajita chicken, cheese enchiladas, bbq ribs, rice, beans, and a warm green salad.  That was the whole buffet. None of the food was hot it was barely warm.  We brought it to their attention and they brought a thermometer out to show us the food was fine.  Then they offered to microwave it for us.  Really???  I obviously won't be returning.
5	Great spot to eat. The steak nachos are pretty good, and plenty for 2+. I know the owner so he always treats me right. Recommend this place for the food and location. Bring a date for dinner and a movie.
3	Not bad. The food is pretty good, but don't eat here if you are in a rush. We did go on a Sunday night so service might have been slower. I got the fajitas, which were good. And my partner tried a combination platter. He enjoys cheese a lot so it was quite good for him. Not sure if we will be back or not.
5	Love this place & service!!!! Roberto is amazing! Plus mariachi girl singer .... Been here probably 100 times!!!
4	Really good food and service. The Sunday buffet looked good, but I ordered from the menu. Great place during the week for a peaceful lunch. The singer who performs on Sundays is very loud, so ask for a table somewhere away from the sound system.
3	First and foremost, the food and service is great. The chile verde is really tasty. Karina is a bomb waitress. Very nice and helpfulUnfortunately the atmosphere left something to be desired. They had a live band tonight and it was loud. Their fans might have been more annoying then them. They kept peeking on the PA and we could barely talk over dinner. I understand this is also a bar but the music should start later if your going to have it. 5 stars for food and service.1 star for super annoying band ------------------------------------3 stars.
4	We stopped in for the Sunday buffet brunch and it was great! The shredded beef was my favorite along with the amazing omelet  station. I was happy to see that we have a great buffet for brunches in the west valley. It was not super busy either. My daughter enjoyed all the fresh fruit and my husband thought the enchiladas were great. The music began as we were leaving so we did not get to take part in that. I really enjoyed everything about the food especially the freshness!
5	Wow talk about outstanding food and service. This place knows how to top both. My Family and I ate here Wednesday We had such great service "Carlos M" it being our first time eatting  there he was very helpfull on answering our qwestions and offering sudjustions. He was always right there filling our drinks checking on how everything was.
3	When we moved to Surprise four years ago, La Fuentes was the first restaurant we ate at. We really enjoyed the food and atmosphere. Since then, we have came back many times. Sadly to say, their food have gotten worse as the time has passed. To the pont that we no longer come here. How ever, the only food I really enjoy here is there BBQ Ribs! Thats right RIBS! They have their all you can eat buffet, and BBQ Ribs is one of their choices. It's cheap, not the best of meat, but hey! All you can eat, and has enough BBQ sauce splattered on to cover all the defects. Good enough for me. Because of this, and only this, It raised their review from a two star to a three star! We do come by once in awhile when we're at the movies. But this is no longer our favorite.
4	Great food and service!!! :) We will be coming back and telling people how good it is!
3	Service was really good but that's about it. Tamale appeared either bought out or just old, very dry and little flavor, the meat inside was grey. Chile relleno was very tough and the batter wasn't very good at all. Cheese dip was just velveeta with some green chilli cut up in it. My oldest son who eats pretty much anything said his tacos weren't good and barely touched them, my younger son devoured the chicken nuggets but they looked just like Tyson out of a bag I have at home. My wife said her chimichanga was good so maybe it's just me but for Arizona you can do way better for Mexican food. Way to expensive for the quality.
5	This is our weekly place to go. The staff is super friendly and the prices are very affordable.  When ever you want to get away and stay local in Surprise you would be missing out if you don't come here. If your looking for an amazing brunch on Sunday this is the place to be.
5	Awesome place to come. Always great service. Steve is an awesome bartender and always knows what we want. 10+ stars!
4	While I find the prices to be a tad on the high side for a place that's pretty divey, I will say that having a Mexican buffet is pretty unique to the area and well worth the price at $9.99. I did appreciate that they didn't charge me for my 2 year old to eat from the buffet but I didn't appreciate the lack of free refills. It doesn't say anything on the menu about not having free refills and our server didn't mention it.  The service is pleasant and friendly though, the restaurant is C-L-E-A-N, and the food is served hot and fresh. I guess I can suck it up on the lack of free refills or just order water in order to enjoy solid food with very nice service.
5	Best Mexican food around the area!! Great service and amazing food. Clean and clean bathrooms as well. They have some of the best shredded beef tacos I've ever had. Everytime I've gone I get exceptional service an amazing food. I go every time I'm craving Mexican food!!
5	Las Fuentes has the best Mexican food in Surprise! Very nice staff as well. We eat here at least once a month and we are never disappointed. Portions are huge! The prices are so reasonable and the food is delicious! My favorites are their shrimp Caesar salad, shrimp al mojo de ajo, any burrito and we always enjoy their buffet as well.
1	yesterday had the lunch buffet with my wife and ended up with a bad case of food poisoning. Between the throwing up and diarrhea it was worse than going through chemotherapy. Needless to say I will not be back
5	Love this place. The food is amazing just like my mom used to make. The staff makes you feel at home. Wouldn't go anywhere else for our date night or mothers day. Glad to have shared our mothers day with our family at Las Fuentes. Thanks Roberto to making my wifes special day a great one.
5	My family came in while waiting for our time at uptown alley next door.  The food, drinks, and service were top notch! I had a margarita and the chili verde burrito and both were absolutely amazing. Hubby liked his meal as well. We will definitely be back.
4	Great Sunday champagne brunch! Ezequiel, our server was the best! He stayed on top of those champagne refills! Loved the chicken mole and freshly made tortillas!!
4	The food was really good and the server was friendly. They had live music tonight (he is there every Friday night) which was fantastic!
4	Went for the dinner buffet.  Not the best selection of food, but it was sitll pretty good.  I stuck with the chicken fajita mixture which was pretty good and some kind of green chili chicken.  The beans looked like they had been sitting out for a while though so i stayed away from those.  The rice was pretty standard mexican rice, but still adequate.  The salsas were good, but they didnt offer any chips, which i was pretty bummed about.  For $8.99 i got my money's worth, but limited in terms of variety.  If i went back, ill probably order something from the menu.
4	This place was recommended to me by my new friends Kurt and Val. Gotta say. Not bad!  Tacos and chips and salsa. Deliciosa!
2	We have heard good thing about this place. So my wife and I decided to give it a try. Walking up to the restaurant was strange. It was really dark walking up from the parking lot. We stepped in to the entrance. The first thing you notice is the Halloween decoration of a cob web directly over your head. I'm not a super tall guy (6ft) it was about an inch over my head. We then stood there for about 10 minutes staring at an empty hostess stand. Once a person took back into a very empty restaurant. We were immediately were brought chips a  "salsa". It's more like tomato water than salsa. I ordered the combo platter with a taco, an enchilada, a tamale, rice and beans. It was a ton of food. The enchilada and tamale was drenched some kind of thick salty red sauce. The taco had no flavor. My wife ordered the chicken sopa. It had no flavor what so ever. Between waiting a long time to order to waiting a long time for tasteless food it's so not worth it. I don't think we will be back anytime soon.
5	Dined here for the first time with my grandpa and dad food was excellent i ordered the carne asada probably was one of the best i ever had my grandpa and dad had combination plates they liked those as well fairly inexpensive meals most entrees 10-13$ good portions service was a little slow but on a friday night hard not to expect that will definitely return
5	I absolutely love this place. You can't beat the friendly service and the Sunday champagne brunch is phenomenal. It's great to always see the owner/manager working behind the bar and out on the restaurant floor greeting customers.
