5	Sure, when it comes to painting the inside of your home, you want it to look good, but you also want to create an atmosphere.  Some like their home to be relaxing, some opulent, some understated. Why would anyone want to leave that kind of work to a handyman or nonprofessional?  This is YOUR home!  You paid good money for it!  D W Crandall's owner, Mike, and his crew made our recently purchased 16 year old home look brand new and changed the entire look from drab to fab!  He loves what he does, and you can tell.  He's attentive to every detail, offering suggestions from corner wraps to accent details.  He and his crew take the utmost care in providing professional service.  We are thrilled with the quality of work that we received.  And by the way, except for the new paint and atmosphere to go along with it, when they leave, you wouldn't even know they had been there!  We highly recommend D W Crandall Painting and thank them for a job well done!
5	I have never written a review before, but my experience was so great, I felt I had to share :)We recently had the inside of our home painted by the crew from D W Crandall Painting.  We heard about them through word of mouth, and we are so happy that we chose D W Crandall Painting to do the job.  The owner, Mike, is super friendly and very easy to work with.   Because we weren't sure what colors we wanted to use, he sent his (very experienced) color consultant to us to help us decide and figure out what colors worked best together.  His crew are experienced professionals that arrived promptly and were willing to work on our schedule, which was a little later than they normally work.  Mike communicated directly with us throughout the entire (4 day) process to ensure that we were happy and even let us change a color that we weren't happy with once we saw it on the wall.  Once the job was done, Mike came by for a final walk-thru to make sure not only that we were happy but that the quality met his standards as well.  Most importantly, our house looks amazing!  We absolutely love it!  We will definitely use them again next time we need any painting done.
5	I just had more decorative painting done by the crew. As before, they were meticulous and very exacting --all the more important because each wall painted is juxtaposed to the basic tan as a contrast panel. Any edge not done with care becomes very noticable. Several sections were again done in faux.If you are looking for pro's with a creative flair, this is your painting company.
1	I contacted this painting company a month ago, I left a message and he never called. I called again thinking he missed the call and this time he called me back to ask questions about the job. Then told he would call me back. Then two weeks later he calls back then tells me he needs to get he faux guy to be able to bid the job and asked which day the following week would I like to meet with him. I said Monday or Wednesday and he never called again. what a waste of my time and his if you don't want the job you should just tell your customers and not string them around its very unprofessional.
