5	We hired Danny and his crew to do a complete new backyard landscape. We needed sod, cement curbing around the grass and a whole sprinkler system installed from scratch.  Our plan included mounds of dirt built up around the perimeter covered with desert rocks. We wanted trees and plants planted all around to add interest.WOW!!!Danny is a really wonderful person to work with. He is bilingual (English and Spanish) so nothing gets lost in translation. He and his crew showed up every time they said they would and had the whole project done in a reasonable amount of time. Our yard is a showplace!  I know a lot of landscapers are flaky but not this guy!
1	Called for a price quote. He said he'd come look at my yard and let me know, then proceeded to no show, no call. I decided to give him another shot and called again a few days later. He apologized, said he'd come by that day, and proceeded to no show, no call yet again. Did he not want my money?
1	I have used Daniel's Landscaping for the past year for my home yard maintenance. It has been nothing but trouble working with him and his illegal crew. He does not answer or get back to you right away, he does not always show up, and the work he does is that comparable to my 5 year old nephew - he leaves the debris all around the yard and in the rocks in front of our house. He also put turf in my yard this past year and it has been the lowest quality. I had turf previously installed in my other home two years ago and it was perfect (I should have stuck with the same company) - no problems and looked great even with multiple dogs using it. I do not know where Daniel got his supply of turf for my new yard, but it has to have been from a junk yard or scraps. It has seams that are noticeable, staples poking out, and it isn't even blended in with my bricks  - there are gaps between the turf and brick.  I will never use Daniel again or recommend him to anyone! I have put more time and money and effort into trying to get him to fix my yard and I have not received anything of quality. DO NOT USE DANIEL'S DESERT LANDSCAPING!
