5	Found out about this place from the vets on base. One of the vet that works at the Nellis vets office also works here at 'Heaven can Wait' or thats what my husband told me anyways. They said nothing but good things about this place so i figured I'd go there. Plus... military discounts ;)Just got my doggy fixed and up to date on shots, and microchipped yesterday. The staff here are super friendly and nice, but they did scare me when they talked about anesthesia and side effects and chances of this and that and bla bla... I cried my eyes out when i dropped my doggy off, but they assured me she was gonna be okay and that they'd take extra good care of her :) Yep, what can i say... I'm a big baby :) and yeah, I cried some more once i picked up my doggy haha. I guess i was just so happy to see that she was ok! Yay for cry-babies like me!
5	I recently had my 2 male cats neutered at Heaven Can Wait, and am amazed by what a caring and compassionate group of people they are.  For both cats, including immunizations, the total cost was $120.  If  you look around Las Vegas you aren't going to beat that price.  But what really mattered is the level of care my cats were given.  This is a high volume, low cost spay/neuter clinic, and despite what my friend told me, I was afraid that I would be treated like my cats were on an assembly line.  Instead, we were given very personalized care.  Both cats were thoroughly examined and loved on by both a vet tech and a vet.  Instead of feeling worried about leaving my little guys there, I felt like I was leaving them in very capable and caring hands.  I dropped them off at 8 a.m. and they were ready to go home by 1:30.  When I went in to pick them up it was very busy in the office with lots of other owners picking up their pets, but I again received very personalized after-surgery instructions, and I'm happy to say that both cats have recovered wonderfully and don't seem to be at all traumatized by the experience.  Not only does Heaven Can Wait provide low-cost spay/neuter for cats and dogs, they also run a pit bull rescue program, re-home pets and provide a valuable service to our community with their catch/fix/release program for stray and feral cats.If you have a pet that needs to be spayed or neutered, I can't recommend this place enough, they are amazing.  If you are looking for a volunteer opportunity, again this is the place to go.  If you have unwanted items you want to donate, and want to know where the proceeds will go, check into HCWs garage sale program.
1	Background: Our 18 year old cat passed 3 weeks ago, and per our vet of 7 years it is a good time to introduce a new cat to our household to become a friend and companion to our other cat and member of our family. Our vet also gave us specific parameters of the type of cat to adopt.Having found the exact male personality of what we were hoping to be the newest member of our family from your website, we drove quite a bit to meet this adorable little guy. He was exactly what we were looking for and more. What was not on the website was that he had to be adopted with another cage mate of 4 months. This felt like a bait and switch moment. The "counselor" proceeded to also question if we were getting a new cat too soon, referring back to my vet of 7 years who has known, boarded and treated my cats, well let's just say I take the word of our family vet that we are ready over someone I just met. Also the counselor tried to talk me into a cat who tried to bite and scratch me, and whose behavior was completely contrary to what our vet was recommending.I called your main office to see if there was any possibility of an exception being made. I explained that I had adopted our now deceased kitty, 16 years ago when he was 2 and his brother was adopted away from him at age 2, a much longer bonding period than 4 months. I can honestly say he was the best cat ever! I think a loving and caring household influences our family pets. I am very disappointed in your organization, but I'm not worried, there are many other shelters in Las Vegas and we will find our new family member.
5	the staff here are amazing! the co founder is a crazy newyorker with a sarcastic undertow that i could not resist! i cant wait to start volunteering here and makinga difference! he was lots of fun during the orientation and there is so many differnt things to volunteer for! cant wait! props to all volunteers!!
5	A sweet stray momma cat had kittens in my garage. One morning; I saw 4 lively little kittens running all over my backyard. I called Heaven can Wait and a wonderful lady named Judy came with 7 traps. We caught the momma; the babies and one more wild cat that I never seen before. Judy is amazing.
5	All of my adopted cats have come from Heaven Can Wait. They really are angels for homeless animals in Las Vegas. The volunteers are always friendly and you can tell they really want to find the best homes for their cats and dogs. I frequently take donations down to them and the cats really appreciate it! Remember, if you are looking to add a furry friend to your family, adopt!
5	I have volunteer here as a foster home, so I know first hand the care that goes into taking care of the animals, and finding them great forever homes. They offer great low-cost programs for those that already have pets but may be financially struggling. Additionally, if you are looking for a place to volunteer, please check this place out. You can get introduced to their programs through a thorough orientation. It gives you a great idea of how to best utilize whatever skills you may have. They do not have a shelter, per se, but you can visit their website or adoption center at the Arroyo Crossing PetSmart. All of the animals soon to be adopted are kept in approved foster homes in insure they are behavioral monitored and socialized properly with humans. Elaine, the foster program director, is the best. She is incredibly knowledgeable and dedicates her life to these animals. PLEASE DO NOT BUY FROM BREEDERS!!! Adopt an animal that deserves a home!
5	I volunteer here and there for them. They're very dedicated to what they do.I have gotten both my pit bulls spayed and neutered here. They do not discriminate and run specials for pit bulls and chihuahuas, the two at risk breeds.Staff is always very friendly and office is clean. Prices are the best in the Las Vegas area. I spent less than $200.00 getting my fur babies fixed which is a steal. My vets office wanted to charge me a little bit over $300  for each dog. I will be bringing a stray to them soon to get him neutered. I have to bare the costs if I want a rescue to help me place him in a home and cost wise, Heaven Can Wait is the way to go.If you are struggling financially, ask about the programs they have. Never be afraid to ask for help. They are doing wonderful things in the pet community!
