4	great fun
1	I have been to this Burger King on maybe four different occasions, months apart and anything I have had there has been terrible. The food has always been cold, soggy, hard, or in one case, I SWEAR my mayo was rotten on my hamburger. It wasn't that great to begin with, but when I took a bite into the middle, it was disgusting! I looked at it and it looked curdled almost. On a similar occasion we picked it up from the drive thru and everyone working there was very rude and the bag of food smelled almost rotten. They possibly had an off day or cranky manager, but it really transferred to the customer. I have given them at least the four chances, and being so far apart you think maybe something would have improved. I have gotten hamburger and fries variations all times. I will not willingly go here again!
1	The only reason I am rating this a 1 is due to the fact there is no 0 rating!I typically do not go to Burger King. However, it was raining and my son who is home from college requested food.So, I drove there and used some coupons he gave me. We also used a BK card. We used it for one order. Then upon using it for another, the cashier, who looked like a possible manager, swiped some card in order to get the BK card to work again. When I explained to her that I was in finance and understand how these cards work and am a little taken aback by the idea that a prepaid card would flag for risk upon an immediate 2nd use for under 5 dollars, she started getting a little rude and arrogant.She said to me, "Well, if you are in finance, then you know that this is a prepaid debit. And.. if you are in finance then you know that there is a lot of identity theft."She started talking about teens stealing their mother's cards. I make 6 figures. I rarely go to BK. Do I look like I stole mommy's card?In fact, I had my son's card. LOL!Rate this place a zero!!! These people are rude... at least those working the Sunday afternoon/eve shift.The staff seems alright except this trashy assistant manager or night manager "lady".(... I use the term lady very loosely.)
1	Low budget teenage hangout, What a joke, never go back.  Fix this place and hire real people that want to work, not high school drop outs.
2	Order was wrong charged me for a meal just wanted drink and sandwich over charged me as well charged me meal price
1	I've experienced the same as most everyone else. Cold and sometimes soggy food. I've been here multiple times and over a few months. It seems to be getting worse as time goes on.
1	Rude drive-thru staff. Was asked to repeat my order two more times after driving up to the window to pay.  Not sure who was working but she had blonde hair and kept staring at me -and not in a good way. Did not smile once.  I said thank you to her twice and not even a "you're welcome" or "thanks."  They weren't even busy.  Nope just asked if I needed any sauce or ketchup and when I said no thanks, shoved the food at me.I know it's a fast-food job and not the best pay in the world, but if you are going to work in the drive-thru or be expediting to the customer, you at least need to know how to be polite to the customers.Also, I live about five minutes from this location and when I got home and sat down to eat the Whopper I ordered, it was barely even warm.  The lettuce was wilted and soggy.  The meat patty was dry and not juicy and hot like a fresh burger ought to be. I know it was not made fresh because how could the sandwich be barely luke-warm but the fries were hot?  Most likely will not return to this location, unless they make some much needed improvements.I suggest that if you do visit this location and have a bad experience, to take the survey and tell them about this place.  Not only did I take their survey, but I also copied the link from Yelp for this location and noted in the comments that quite a few other people have had negative experiences here.  Suggested that maybe a change in the employment and or management may be needed.  They should send someone through from Corporate randomly a few times to see what us customers are talking about.
