5	I have had the privilege to not only work with Jackie but to also be a client of hers. Jackie is a consummate professional. Her knowledge of skin care and make up is barre none.  I have been a Lash Extension client of hers for 4 years and can NOT imagine going anywhere else.  She is always striving to up her game with new techniques and services. I have and will continue to refer Jackie to my circle of friends and professionals.
5	Jackie is very professional and is awesome at what she does.  She is thorough and makes sure she tells you exactly what she is doing and recommended treatment plan going forward.  I've been to her several times for peels and came away each time loving the results.  Also, I love her cozy treatment room, it's very comfortable and relaxing!!!   She uses Rhonda Allison products which are wonderful as well.
5	Jackie is amazing! I have gotten  facials/microdermabrasion from her, as well as a peel right before my wedding. The products she uses are the best and being in the beauty industry myself, I have tried a lot! Since I have started going to her, I have never been happier with my skin. She is very thorough and the whole process is always relaxing. She is professional and personable. Jackie also did my makeup for my wedding as well as my mom's and the girls in my bridal party. Everyone looked stunning and I trusted her the entire time! She definitely is the best around for any skin care or makeup needs!
5	I got a spray tan from Shannon a few weeks ago and totally loved it.  Shannon was very nice, professional, and thorough, and the tan lasted for a full week!  Definitely the best spray tan I've ever had.  It was a good natural color and it didn't start looking weird and dirty on my hands and feet when it did fade.  I would definitely recommend seeing Shannon for a spray.  I'll be back in soon for sure.
5	I had a great experience today getting the best spray tan I've ever had.  Go there!  You'll love it.  They use all organic products. Shannon McGirr is the best.  I am going to my high school reunion and I needed the tan to look natural.Thanks Shannon
5	If you are looking for a makeup artist; you have found her. Jackie is an amazing makeup artist and esthetician who cares about her clients. She has done my wedding makeup and other facials. Her eye for beauty is superb! Whether you want her to simply highlight and cover up or completely create a whole new you. She can do it and make you look absolutely gorgeous. You will not find a better make up artist that is so down to earth, honest and real. She truly loves what she does and her clientele. Also, I am very careful about the products that I use (I don't want them to have a lot of chemicals), but I also want them to be effective. Jackie understands this dilemma and uses a wonderful line of products that really work. If you are thinking about going to her: "GO". You will not regret it.
5	Scottsdale Skin and Makeup is the only place you should have a facial!  Jacqueline is very professional and knowledgeable about skin. She knows exactly what to do for your skin type. My skin is aging and her Vitamin A facial is amazing! My husband always compliments me after I see Jacqueline. Also,  she had this amazing and nurturing way about her where you can't wait to go back! This is a hidden gem that should be discovered!
5	If you are looking for expertise, a wonderful personality and the best esthetician then you need to see Jackie.  She will help you to look years younger, clear up teen acne and the time with her is always a slice of heaven.  I encourage you to book an appointment today!
