4	Pet Club has many selections that other more "common stores" do not. They have more varied brands of natural foods and supplements that my dogs absolutely love. I first came in because I do like to support smaller and more local businesses. The staff is very friendly (not entirely as knowledgeable as I would like, but they will look things up and find out information for you). The store is clean, though a bit warehouse-like (I guess like any pet store). The prices are slightly higher than I feel they should be, but they do have a "buy ten get one" on almost all products. So this eventually pays off pretty well. I specifically like their natural medicine section here. It's quite varied and my dogs have gotten relief from the products. Mainly the "Natu-joint" liquid to be placed over food (high quality glucosamine) that got my dog walking again. If you have an older animal, or one with sore joints, come check out their medical section. First isle to the left ;). Sign up for a pet card (They just write your name and file it and check off when you come in), and have a look around at the different products available here.
5	I only shop at Pet Club for my dog and cat. They only carry high quality pet food and treats, which I prefer over the big name pet foods. Their staff is knowledgable and friendly.  They also support local pet charities, which I very much appreciate.
1	I'm very disappointed with this store's return policy. We bought a 40 lb bag of wild bird seed that was damaged. The bag looked fine on the outside, inside the bird seed was wet, like it had been packed in the rain. It was moldy and had mildew, it also was clumped together, I was afraid to feed it to the  birds, I don't want bad seed to make them sick or kill them. I didn't want a refund, I only wanted to exchange it for an undamaged bag. We had poured the food into a storage container when we opened it, so I took the empty bag and a sample of the bad feed back to the store. I was informed that I had to return at least half the bag to exchange it. So what do I do, try to pour it back into the bag, or bring the heavy container back to the store? We used to spend at least $200 a month here for dog and cat food, now they have lost a good customer over a  $14 bag of defective bird food they wouldn't exchange. I won't be shopping here anymore.
1	This place is run by obnoxious teenagers that are always chatting or texting on their phones. I really used to enjoy coming here but the past few times I had bad customer service. I had to track someone down to check me out. The two employees were in the back if the store on their phones.  The boy running the register made a mistake probably because he was too busy talking to his girl coworker who was on her phone showing him a YouTube video.  I won't be back.
