4	I have a Samsung LCD HD TV that quit working. After searching online for a local TV repair shop, which was hard to find reviews online, Discount TV Repair was one of the couple that came up that had few reviews, mostly positive. The other place was all the way on opposite ends of town, so I decide to take my TV here.I brought it in on Friday and they asked me what the problem was, I told them it just stopped turning on. They said it's a very common problem with Samsung TVs, the power supply circuit, is most likely the problem. They will have the TV fixed by Monday or Tuesday and will call me after diagnose the problem and let me know how much it would cost before fixing it.  And I got a call on Monday, confirming the problem and it would cost $240 to fix, labor, parts, and tax included. And it would be fixed within 1 hour.  I know I cannot get a new 40 inch HD LCD for $240, the repair price seemed reasonable and they were very prompt and professional. The repair came with a 90-day warranty as well.
4	I'll be the second review for this company.I have a Vizio 42" LCD HDTV with 1080pm and 120mhz that went out on me. My cousin who figures out these issues quickly went ahead and did troubleshooting but the problem still was not resolved. Basically the TV would power on but would only be a black screen. Volume still worked through the console and also worked when connected to my audio receiver. I went to this place and upon walking into the store, they had racks of what looked like 200+ flatscreen TVs being repaired so it looked like they knew their stuff.  After a few days, they quoted me $240 to repair this and it made sense to get them to repair this because even though the TV was over 2 years old, 42" LCD HDTVs still cost more than $240. The motherboard chip went out and had to be ordered from Japan. Between the estimate and repair, I had to wait about 2.5 weeks. Once repaired I went back to the store and he turned on the unit (without connected to a cable box) but the screen came on fine with no problems.  However, once I took it hope and plugged it in, that same day the TV took a few minutes to turn on and once I got picture, the black screen would flicker every now and then. A few days later, it went back out. Frustrated since NFL season was about to start, I took it back and complained. Since the store honored a 90 repair warranty, they were able to order another different motherboard chip since the original one went out. About 10 days later, I went back to the store and picked up the TV without any fees or charges. I plugged it in and the TV is now fine. I waited a good month to write this review so just to let all you Yelpers know that a month and a half later, my TV has been working perfectly.* I rated this place 4 stars versus 3 because it was the only place in town and only place reviewed on Yelp. Once other competitors enter into the market, it may be worth seeing and re-rating these guys again.
1	They are extremely expensive! I called for a Tech to come out and I was told that the service fee for the tech to come out will then be deducted from the bill if I decide to get the repair done. I was charged 350$ I then mentioned the device call of 35$ and ignored the fact. I called millennium repair and got charged half the price 175$ and the job was taken care of. Extremely friendly, and care about the customer and there products.
1	They fixed my television fairly promptly. It took several days for them to return the TV to me. I had to keep calling. The day after I got the TV back it was broke again. It was five days before someone finally came to get it. A week after that I had to call them and ask what was happening. They had to order a part. Not a big deal, I don't mind waiting. After having no television for a month, I got a call this Tuesday saying that it was ready and someone would call me that afternoon about delivery. I called them back Wednesday. I was told someone would call me to arrange delivery. It is now Friday. I just called them again and was told someone would contact me today about delivery. Each time I called they talked to me as if I was really inconveniencing them. They made little effort to keep me informed about the state of my TV and when I finally did call, I was barked at and the call was ended as quickly as they could end it. When I was given a specific pick-up or delivery date for my TV I had to call them two days later to ask what was happening and was spoken to as if I was too stupid to know  that they are running several days late. It must be my fault as I am not a mind reader. I will NEVER hire them again. They were rude and thoughtless.
