1	I have been to this EyeMasters store on two occasions: once to place an order for contact lenses, and once to pick the order up. On both occasions I had to wait an unacceptably long time to be helped. This store is seriously understaffed so, unless you have a lot of time to kill, take your business elsewhere. Plus, the prices aren't that good.
1	I went here because my wife found a coupon.  That was my first mistake.  The doctor and assistant where both apathetic but that was ok because I don't really expect them to be too cheery after saying "better one or two" all day.Then I ordered my glasses but had to wait about too long for help.  Ok that can happen.I came back the next day to get my glasses (they couldn't make them the same day as advertised because a "machine was broke") and after waiting an excessive amount of time the prescription was wrong.  Saw the apathetic doctor again and he made lots of excuses.  They redid the glasses and I went back the next day.  I had to wait EVEN LONGER this time because there is only one staff member on and it takes a while to fit client's glasses sometimes.  The guy working there was nice enough but they need at least one more person.Also the doctor and the assistant just sit in the back doing nothing if they have no patients.  God forbid they could come to the showroom and help someone.Way understaffed!  Terrible.
4	I had my eye exam elsewhere and then happened to stop by to look at frames. I didn't even realize there was an optical so close to my apartment. They are open evening and weekend hours and even some holidays (Memorial Day)-very important qualities in an optical for me due to my work hours. They also accept my insurance (VSP plan), although I think it is a non-preferred provider.The store has a huge selection of reasonably priced frames as well as some designer frames. The optometrists were friendly and able to answer my questions.
4	this reveiw is ONLY for the exam department. i have no experience with the front area that has all of the glasses (yeah yeah, i went to a glasses store and didnt look at glasses. i do things like that. I'm a regular rebel without a cause). 1st thing to do: ignore the front desk staff. simple. theyre short and dont have a big personality. but who cares? im there for a reason, so are they. hand me my form to fill out, and leave me alone while i fill it out. simple. and thats what they do. 2nd thing: enjoy the eye exam. have fun with the  Doc's cause theyre awesome and easy to talk to. the one thing didnt like was that you HAVE to have a contact AND glasses exam. you can not have only a contact exam. kind of sucks. but all in all, i will be back.
1	Got a bad prescription the first time.  Went back and got a different and better prescription from a different optimist risk.  Had to wait unacceptably long  to both order and pick up my contact lenses.  Actually left the store and came back right before closing.  Will not be back.
1	Worst customer service ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Buyer beware. Do not shop here. Spend your hard earned money else where.  Just look at all the other bad reviews. Teach your staff customer services skills.
5	Ok, I had a chance to read the reviews below and I'm not sure I am at the same Eyemasters. Let me say, everyone was a class act from the Optometry side all the way to the sales side. These people know what they are talking about and there is no pressure for sales. I would defenitely go back there in a  heartbeat.
