2	So we were looking for a place to go for my hubbys birthday and a friend of mine told me that a new restaurant has opened up right down the street. Because I am a sucker for trying new things, we came here for his birthday. The restaurant looked clean when we walked in and the servers were customer service oriented because they had smiles and welcomed us to their casa =) Actually restart... We had a group of 15 and luckily it wasn't packed otherwise we would've waited a long time. Ok after they figured out the seating arrangement, we sat down and the server came with her handy dandy iphone. She took our order with whatever app she had installed. OK so far everything was good until they started bringing our drinks and food. They brought us a stack of plates, handful of forks and spoons and a stack of napkins. This doesnt usually bother me, but this time it did. It just seemed unorganized and because we were a big party they didnt know how to handle us. I guess its cool if you like to have a stack of silverware, napkins and plates. OK the food... The only thing I remembered that was good was the pinakbet. My friends said that oxtail soap wasnt cooked and the pansit canton wasnt cooked. The noodles needed to be cooked a little longer. Will I go again? Maybe for kareoke but to eat there, I would have to pass cause of all the MSG they use in their food.
2	I was excited about going here because I realized, "Finally! a filipino restaurant near home!".  The staff was really nice, can't complain there.  Food took a little long to come out... and I understood that because they're new.... i figured they need a little time to get used to the food time. However, we got our "pandisal (sp?)" 20 after seating whe it should have been brought out as soon as we sat.  NOT TO MENTION, the pandisal was HARD AS ROCK, i was embarrassed for them.  Seemed like it was old bread thats been microwaved and left to sit.  We got our fried rice, tasted like Chinese fried rice to me. We got our chicken tinola, very rich and oily, and the pinakbet was too salty.  Its sad because I wanted this to be a hit, seeing as how its so close to my house...  I think they need more authenticity. they serve Vietnamese food there also. I dont think they should call it a Filipino restaurant and have a 1/4 of their menu with vietfood, otherwise call it a Filipino Vietnamese Food and Karaoke restaurant.  I mean there are other things I wanted to try on the menu, I'll give it a second shot and if it doesnt do it for me.... then im done. LOL
4	It's a great place to open a Filipino Restaurant for Southwest part of town.  The menu is pretty big. My dad and I ordered Crispy Pata and it was great, a little over cooked but never the less enticing.  Will definitely be a repeat customer.
1	My gf and I decided to go to DT after listening to the owner's rant on how every filipino chef in Las Vegas can't make good filipino food(owner caucasian btw).  The decor of the restaurant looks to be vietnamese/chinese nothing inside gave a hint that it's a filipino restaurant. The menu had a nice selection of dishes to choose from. We decided on a few things and ordered them  from our not very knowledgeable waitress. The food came out in a weird manner. Main dishes first, then the rice, and then the plates and utensil. Food itself was another disappointment. Things were over cooked or under cooked or just too greasy. Not one of the four dishes we order were any good. We were very disappointed in this place and don't think we will ever go back there again for two main reason. 1.Food was terrible. 2. The owner was there at the same time as us and saw that we didn't enjoy our meal but he didn't offer any apology or gave us any reason to go back.  I guess in his cocky mind he didn't owe it to us.
4	Great customer service! Food tasted great. I would've given 5 stars except the charge extra for more rice and the lumpia is overpriced.
1	This was the worst Filipino food that I tasted and expensive!  They don't even have lunch price!
5	Gooood
3	DT's fills the void of Filipino restaurants in the Southwest part of town. My husband and I were wary about trying this place because. as Filipinos, our expectations were high.The restaurant is a good size with a karaoke area in the middle. It looks like could be a happening place for a small private event. The menu is huge, with Filipino and Vietnamese items. The menu is so big that it took a while for us to finally decide on what to order.We ordered:Kare-Kareng Crispy Pata - two of my absolute favorite Filipino dishes in one? I had to try it. The Kare Kare was too watery and bland for my taste; however, the Crispy Pata was plentiful, crispy and hit the spot! At $14.99, it was a great deal even though I didn't care for the Kare Kare.Binagoonga Fried Rice - I had only tried this dish once before at a Filipino restaurant in the Bay Area and I loved it. This wasn't as great but it was tasty nonetheless. I especially liked the mixture of salty and sweet with the binagoong and mango.Pork Sisig - I am partial to Cafe Moda's sisig but this was definitely comparable in a different way. This was topped with a fried egg. It came out on a sizzling plate and I don't know why... but doesn't food always taste better when it comes out that way? We enjoyed our food and can't wait to try their other items. It's still not as good as mom's cooking but it hits the spot when I need a taste of home. The service was pretty good. It got a little busy and we had to ask twice for some vinegar but I'm not going to ding them on that. I'm sure they're still learning the ropes and things will only improve from here.We will definitely have to try the lunch specials and maybe even order take out when I'm too lazy to cook. 'Til next time, DT's!
1	i rarely, if EVER give 1 stars so based you could only imagine how HORRENDOUS the food was.came here with 2 friends and orders the sisig, lechon and sisig soft tacos.  the lechon was so deeply fried it felt like i was eating greasy pork jerky.  nothing but fat grease and rock hard pork.maybe I'm not Filipino enough to appreciate sisig but i had some the other day at salo salo it was wonderful and tasted like heavenly bliss.  sisig at this place? tasted like mushed up dog food.  it was so mushy i actually contemplated giving it to my dog but i held back because i didn't want to feed him absolute CRAPi feel very bad for giving the bad rating but this definitely tops my list of BAD FOOD experiences.  service was fine, the restaurant decor was fine, the food was just unacceptable.  as my friend quoted, this is also the only place where we had to ask for boxes just to be nice since we left almost our entire meal on the table.
4	their menu has specialties that other Filipino restaurants do not have, and food is pretty good
1	I cannot even fathom how terrible this place is.  My family and I wanted to come for some Filipino food in the Vegas area, and we happened to find this place.  We ordered the fried rice longanisa and we were a little excited, because this could have been a gem for Filipino food.  As soon as our plates arrived, my dad smelled it, and said, "oh no. I think it smells bad," after the server left.  And after tasting the rice, it was over salted, and somewhat smelled pungent.  My family and I are never ones to make a scene.  We politely asked if we can order something else.  The waitress was by far, the most disrespectful person I have ever encountered.  I really do hate to complain, but the plate was inedible.  My aunt spoke in Tagalog, and asked if we can perhaps order something else, instead of this plate because no one could eat it.  The waitress rolled her eyes and sighed, "Well.. I'll tell my manager, but it looks fine to me."  She comes back claiming that the chef said that it was fine, and told us that she would charge us extra no matter what, even if this dish was not eaten, which greatly distressed my aunt.   My dad tried diffusing the situation and calmly said, "Ok, we'll pay for anything, we just cant eat these plates."  The waitress continued to roll her eyes and never came back to us.  This place has terrible service and terrible food.  Rarely do I ever write a negative review, but please, save your money and your stomachs from eating at this place. We ended up eating the adobo fried rice, and the food was still not up to par, and extremely salty.
3	i live in the SW part and this is the only Filipino restaurant in the area, so i gave it a shot. I have only tried the pork adobo, humba and lumpia and the bihon guisado. The pork adobo and humba is tasty, even my non-Filipino peeps i stay with loved it, but the lumpia is not that good at all. i think it is the one that is ready made, the one that you can buy in the frozen section in the supermarket. The pansit is okay, but i'm not a fan. I even dined in once and the server is friendly. She even recommended the lunch special since it's almost 4:00pm and it ends at 4, usually they would never care. The cook ended up giving me a huge portion since I am the last one to order the lunch special. And oh, before i forget, i tried their leche flan, it is chunky and very good. I just found myself eating it until the container is empty. Would definitely come back to try their other dishes. My friend said the pinakbet is good, so that's next on my list! They should consider delivering meals since I'm lazy most of the time, especially driving in Vegas when it's hot outside is irritating!
2	The sisig tacos, which I was so excited to try (SINCE WE LACK ANY GOOD FILIPINO FOOD TRUCKS HERE, like they have in Cali)... Well it was soggy, the 5 lbs of onions they used to try to hide the lack of flavor..it was all bad. Not the best first sisig taco experience. What a let down. Maybe ive been spoiled from Cafe Moda's awesome sisig. Whatever. It was just horrible. then the Longanisa fried rice. Tastes like cheap shitty fast food Chinese fried rice with bits of Longanisa. The only thing I enjoyed was the bistek Tagalog. It tasted like homecookin'. And really though with the iPad? The waitress takes your payment through this, and of course she has to type in what tip you gave her. Like you feel obligated to tip good to save face from judgement, even with their lack of customer service. Classless and tasteless.
2	A friend of mine was raving about this place so I agreed to go with her a few days ago even though I despise karaoke.  I parked in front of the restaurant and I was staring at  pictures of food on their windows - they didn't seem Filipino at all...ummm, like pho?  But hey, I like pho.  I was told that the owner is Vietnamese, the chef is Filipino.It wasn't busy and the place was relatively clean except for uncleared tables...which remained uncleared for a long time. The servers used iPhones to take orders - not very reliable.  We had to follow up on most of our orders. The food was ok.  We got chicharon bulaklak (probably the best I've had in Vegas), crispy binagoongan (will clog up your arteries and damage your kidneys), kare kare and crispy pata.  For dessert, we got the turon with ice cream, 2 scoops of ice cream and mais con hielo.  The mais con hielo was served in a tall plastic cup as if I was taking it to go, topped with ice cream.  I mixed it real good.  I think they forgot to add sugar.  So yup, it being in a plastic cup was necessary so I could take it home and "fix" it.Service was the worst I've had in Vegas.  The entrees and desserts came one at a time in 10-minute intervals.  My mais con hielo was served after two follow-ups and 15 minutes after everyone else was done eating their dessert.  Seriously?!I want to like this place and give it more stars since I'm part Filipino but I'd totally be lying.  For me, this place just isn't worth the 16-mile drive to be quite honest.  It lacks the hospitality, love, care, warm and fuzzy you'd normally get from a Filipino restaurant/kitchen.  I have an aunt who's a terrible cook but since so nice, you start to kind of like her cooking - well, DT's is the opposite.  They have ok food but service needs major improvement.
1	Still better than Salo Salo, but not by much.Good food ruined by bad service and a rude owner that just doesn't give a damn about customer service. We ate here once, and took out orders a few times. The food was great. The pork adobo, adobo fried rice, crispy pata, paksiw lechon, and the sisig were delicious. As another Yelper said, the staff uses iPhones for everything, which IS very unreliable. Such a small screen to work with, and such an easy way to make mistakes is not the best way to run a system. They are better off using a micros system with big buttons to keep from mistakes, because a lot could go wrong. The service is pretty bad. Refills took forever, dishes came out at the wrong times, and we just didn't feel taken care of. Each time we have ordered, the food has taken a long time to come out, except for the crispy pata, which we know that it takes longer to prepare. I would give this 3.5 stars if it were based on take out orders only, but the service is really that bad. I understand that this place is new and still learning the curve, but even with that, rude service is unacceptable. Bad first impression, but will likely order again for the food.
5	Great food here!
2	I drive by this place every day on my way home from work and always "almost" stop by for lumpias. Today i finally made that happen for the first time, thinking I will enjoy a few lumpias after a long day at work. It is unfortunate that i did not have the best experience. it all began with the 20min wait there was with a simple order of lumpias inside an empty restaurant. Then when i finally got home with my order, i realized they had given me only enough sauce for about 4 liumpias out of the 12 i ordered. to top it off, some of the lumpias were cold in the middle. Not going back there again..
1	Found out there was a Filipino restaurant that opened and wanted to try it out. When I got there, found out the owner is not even Filipino, and they served pho! At this point I was skeptical. We were seated fairly quickly on the side of the restaurant.  They have TVs place in awkward positions. They were airing nfl games on all the TVs and would not change the channel to a certain game upon my request.  I was starting to get irritatedAfter looking through the menu and joking about them serving pho.  We ended up going sisig and menudo.  All I have to say is the sisig was aweful! I was soggy, fatty, had a weird smell and texture. Not like any sisig I've ver had.  They menudo was ok.  A couple bites of the sisig ruined my appetite.  I took the food to go just to be polite, but deep down was disappointed and will never go back to this fake Filipino restaurant!
2	Okay, ive tried this place 3 times. twice for lunch and once for dinner. Lunch-  they are not fast. It took 35 mins to get my food. I only have an hour for lunch plus driving time.Dinner- I had the beef sinigang and the beef tasted old.General notes: The price is pretty steep for what it is. The food is not even on par with Pinoy pinay at double to triple the price. The atmosphere is not warm at all. Yes, they do have a large menu, but I'd much rather have a smaller list to choose from and have the food taste fresh.Good things:pretty good Okoy here. And only Filipino restaurant in SW Vegas.
3	Best Filipino spot in the southwest..could use new management though!! Feels weird going to an authentic Filipino restaurant that's Caucasian and Vietnamese owned with Chinese theme dining set..feels like the PF Changs of Filipino food..the food is good though.
1	It does not EVEN deserve a star at all! This place sucks!!! Believe me it sucks!!!It is not authentic Filipino food!  I'm so mad I wna punch everything around me!!I ordered the chicharon bulaklak what the hell was that taste and it looked likeSomeone just took a crap on your plate! Lechon kawali looked like duck... I mean what the hell and the taste was soo bad it wasn't even the right crunchyness! The meat was sooo dry tasted like something a freaking oger would eat! Ahhhh ahhhh!!! I'm so pissed!!! Ahhhhhhh!!!! This piece of crap place ruined my night!! I was so hungry expecting a nice delicious meal but no!!! Ahhhhhh!! Shut this place down!!! Never come here!!! NOBODY PLEASE COME HERE! SAVE YOUR TIME AND MONEY!!! PLEASE This is my first review and unfortunately it was a bad review.. *sigh my rant is done
2	In a pinch for Filipino food and in the Southwest, then this will do. However, I've been here about 8 times and each time they disappoint me with the quality of food.  My latest complaint is that I ordered online at www.vmamstore.com and when I arrived 25 minutes after I ordered, they barely pulled up my order. Now because I ordered crispy chicken, its another 25 minutes for my food to finish. She did warn me but because they were seemingly busy on a Tuesday night, I've experienced this same delay before so I think their timings leave a lot to be desired. They also don't accept AMEX cards which is hokey.On a good note, they seem to embrace Apple products as they take your payment via iPad or iPhone but I've experienced when their network was down and I had to pay cash.So as I'm starving waiting for my food, I'm writing this review.
5	I am shocked and appalled with all of the bad reviews for this place.  I love it here!  Not only was I able to chow down on some bomb authentic Filipino food that tastes homemade, I was able to sing Karaoke all night!  1 star = for the Karaoke.  I mean, what's a Filipino restaurant without this entertainment value!2 stars = for the courteous service. They were super nice in warning us that fried foods are faster than the grilled foods (takes about 25 minutes to cook), and to help us out with all the Karaoke song choices we chose3 stars = for their Bagaong (shrimp paste) Fried Rice.  YUM!  I had to refrain from eating the entire large portion that can probably feed at least 5 people all to myself!4 stars = for their Fried Bangus (milkfish).  Portion is huge and the sauce that comes with it is super complimentary!  Yum!5 stars = for their fried to perfection Lechon Kawali served with Mang Tomas!  Yum.  It can't get any better than this dish.  Not too greasy, and not too fried.  Crisped to perfection I tell ya!This place deserves a second round of trial.  Filipino food isn't easy to cook with consistency you know, so maybe there was a bad round of cooked food when you came in.  They have an extensive menu so I'm excited to come back and try more!
5	I'm gonna have to go against the grain compared to the negative reviews and rate this place a five star. Hands down, this is the best Filipino restaurant in Vegas! Not even close to the other Filipino restaurants in town.I've been here a few times for both lunch and dinner and the food was always great. The portion is big compared to the other Filipino restaurants which I'm very impressed with. We always order the Lechon Kawali which always comes crispy. The Pork Sisig was delicious. The Grilled Squid was out of this world! The Chicken Inasal was tender and flavorful. The only dish i did not like was the Palabok. The noodles were hard and the dish lacked flavor. Instead, order the Langonisa Fried Rice. You can't go wrong with fried rice.We've always had great service every time we come here. The servers are very friendly and attentive. The food will not be served as fast as if you were at a Chinese restaurant but the staff will check on you and refill your drinks.If you are on a diet, this is not the place to eat. Majority of the popular dishes here are deep fried. But, if you want to eat in the best Filipino restaurant in Vegas, this is the spot... and the karaoke nights on weekend is fun too.
4	Found our go to Filipino restaurant! (Ate here three times within a few weeks!) I don't understand where the negative reviews are based from. I agree sometimes the service is a hit or miss, but when it comes to their food... delicious every single time! We've tried kare-kare, crispy pata, bicol express, dinuguan, tapsilog, and kare-kare crispy pata so far. The prices are reasonable for the amount of food they serve!
3	I'd give it 3.5 stars. I had the longanisa fried rice (very tasty), the binagoongan (very very good and i love the crispiness of the skin, but there is a weird aftertaste that i couldn't figure out), and the sigsig (it was alright). I am Filipino, but I'm pretty "Americanized" so I'm not sure if this may be a fair review. I will probably try some other items on the menu to gauge a better taste for the food. Took a minute to be seated, but the service was great once we sat down. Never had to ask for a refill.
4	I love the pinakbet and the crispy chicharon bulaklak. service was ok. I would highly recommend the leche Flan and the halo halo with leche Flan bomb...
4	Hands down, the best sisig we've tasted in the US. Service sucked though. Took a really long time for us to be seated (although there were a few empty tables), waitress took an even longer time to come back to get our order and we were already halfway done with our meal when the sisig came out. The table beside us who came in later than us got their sisig way ahead of us so maybe they forgot our order. Good thing the sisig was worth the wait! Will definitely go back for that.
2	Large portions for a cheap price - decent food, but everything is ridiculously greasy. Incredibly slow service despite only 2 tables of people there. We waited nearly an hour just for fried rice, lumpia and lechon - all quick dishes. Add to that the fact that the restaurant smelled like an awesome combination of bagaong and patis with a hint of sewage... It made 50 min seem like an eternity. Pork adobo fried rice was just ok in flavor but did have a lot of meat and egg. I liked how crispy the lechon was, but it was crispy from being deep fried vs roasted crisp like lechon is supposed to be. Even for fried food standards, the lechon was REALLY oily, sitting in a pool of grease. Although i noticed that my take out lechon looks different from the pics other ppl posted while dining in. I've had better lechon at other places, but the brown dipping sauce at DT's is crazy good, I couldn't get enough. Their lumpia seems homemade and $8 for a dozen isn't bad. DT's definitely isn't my new go to for Filipino food, but it'll do in a pinch if I'm too lazy to drive further. Just remember to call in your order ahead of time.
2	Our first visit here a couple months ago was nice. Service was just okay, I chose to let it go because I thought I was expecting too much from them. But I'm currently writing this on our second visit and although they have great food, the service here is TERRIBLE (regarding just one of the middle aged servers). Upon seating our server made no verbal interaction with us. Upon asking for the lunch special menu she walked off after giving us the "just one moment" signal. Coming back to give is the menus she just set them down on the table and walked off again! I'm writing this during our 24 minute wait to take our order. During that 24 minutes we tried to get her attention and what did she do? She waved us off to wait. We haven't even gotten any water yet. Definitely going to be speaking to a manager about this. We ended up just getting up and leaving. I accidentally left my phone on the table and what do you know, our server comes out to give it to me saying sorry. Like really? Sorry? I mean, I coulda gotten my phone on my own, all I wanted from you was to take our order -___-
1	Service is bad, bad, bad. Although the food is okay portion, the staff there brings this rating way down. I was there during a lunch rush, although it wasn't completely slammed, a female server was heard yelling from the kitchen about how SHE IS F****** WORKING!!!! Crickets after that and everyone in the dining area turned that direction in complete shock. Aside from this little mishap,  you can't get seated, order you meal, get your check and pay in a timely fashion at all. I almost left exact change when I got my bill, but decided tip lite anyway. Food is full of grease, just about everything on their lunch menu is fried. What a disappointment. I won't be back and I hope for the sake of this place they will consider hiring staff with some customer service skills. Oh and WTF, FOX news is the only news network they show!
3	I just finished eating the sisig, which was pretty good.  It came in a sizzling pan, with a freshly cracked egg on top, so that's always a plus in my book. The sisig is on the mushy side, without taking into consideration the cartilage from the pork ear.  Personally, I like it when my sisig has a bit of a crunch, aside from the ears.  And unfortunately, that was the only dish I had there.  However, one dish, one experience can leave a lasting impression on a patron of a particular establishment. I regretfully have to admit that this place is one of those "the food was good, but the service was lacking" types of places.  When I walked in, I was not greeted at all; I had to greet them - so that set the tone.  Also, the water had some floaty, translucent, what looked like aquatic dust particle things in it, so I did not drink any of it.  This might be a Vegas thing though, since it is not the only restaurant that has this. The two staff members working the floor did not convey approachability either. They were at most, somewhat attentive, but thrice disengaged.  Overall service out of five = two.  One thing that I feel bad about is not tipping.  During my meal, I had already planned on the amount I was going to tip.  When it came time to pay, one of the staff members busted out the ipad, swiped my card, and made me sign, with my finger to the screen.  Usually, there is an option to tip, and sometimes the tip is already calculated to 10%, 15%, or 20% of the total bill.  However, this didn't happen.  Perhaps it was skipped? Maybe this could be added as something to look into and implement if it has not already been done.Because the food was pretty good, two stars became three.  Lastly, I am glad that the staff was not rude.  However, I do not think that a patron should be thinking this.
2	Stopped by before heading home to pick up some food.  The restaurant is clean and has a touch of elegance (dark wooden chairs and tables) not common in a typical pinoy restaurant.  They even have flat screens around the place but are playing CNN very loud.  Doesn't quite match the ambience the room feels.   Who wants to go out to eat and watch TV?  In addition, some of the wait staff are friendly while some aren't,  flat affect (no facial expression).  Most of the food on the menu are $9+.  A bit expensive for pinoy food.  I ordered some fish dish $9.  Turon $6 and eggplant $6.  The wait was timely, about 20 min as promised.  So we went home, to our surprise, the food was terrible!  Its too salty and they added an extra bagoong on the side.  Why?  If you want premature stroke, come eat here.
1	If I could rate a 0, I would!!!We've been here several times during the week in the early afternoon and service and food are usually great here. The 1 star rating is from our experience a few weeks back (I'm pretty sure I checked in that day). It was a Sunday afternoon, and we walked in - all of the servers in the dining room just stare at as for a few minutes. Finally, one of them comes over and seats us at a huge table since all the booths were taken. We get our menus, ask for waters and a melon juice. A few minutes later, still no water or melon juice! A few more minutes pass, and our server comes back to take out order, and still no drinks! We ask to order the lechon because the menu clearly says available after 1pm, which it had just turned 1pm when we arrived. She tells us she has to ask the cook if it's ready because it usually isn't ready until 4pm. Then why the hell does your menu say 1pm?! We order the binagoongan (I think I spelled that wrong) and the pata tim. She walks away to put our order in, and you guessed it - no drinks! Our fried rice comes and the guy (looked like he may have been a manager?) asks if we need anything else, and we ask for water (granted, we could've asked someone but no one was even paying attention as they walked passed us and I hate when people raise their hands and say "excuse me!"). He looks at our table and realized we don't have drinks and he apologizes because our server must have forgotten. The pata tim was extremely gamey (if you cook a pork hock correctly, it shouldn't have such a strong pig taste) and the fried rice was just ok. The mango on top of the fried rice was still frozen! We ask for boxes and our check. I look at the bill, and just as I suspected, they charged me for my melon juice which I never got. She asked if I still wanted it, and at that point I was so over it I didn't even want it anymore! They took it off our bill, we paid with a card, and for whatever reason you can't add a tip on a card unless you specify beforehand. So we asked one of the servers to break a $20 for us, and she tries to give me our bill again!!! I told her that I just needed change and we already paid. She comes back with a $10 and 2 $5's, assuming we would leave a $5 after one of the worst dining experiences ever!!! I wasn't gonna leave a $5 because it was not deserved. This is one of the few times I've ever left a significantly small tip...I've tipped higher to baristas and for to-go orders!!!! I've worked in F&B for over 10 years, and I know it's important to tip especially at a full service restaurant, but there was no way in hell I was tipping our server for that experience!!! As I mentioned before, food here is normally great and so is service. Throughout service, one of the servers was behind the register texting and in my opinion, it's extremely inappropriate to do so in the dining room, especially when your tables can't even get a glass of water!  Maybe it was because it was a Sunday and it was lunch time, but there is no excuse to forget water or for servers who are not attentive to their tables, let alone their surrounding tables.
1	The food's very greasy and they served hot food cold.The owners son is very rude and arrogant, only reason for dining is for convenience otherwise i wont.
3	We went as a family to this place because of a birthday last night. As we entered, we were properly greeted by the host and were seated with the party. The server greeted us, drinks were asked and delivered. So far so good.A few minutes later, food was presented and delivered. There was beef caldereta, sinigang, pinakbet, sisig, etc. I found everything great except the sisig. It didn't have that "crunch" texture like the traditional one. And yes, I did try it without mixing that raw egg on top. Food wasn't too greasy or have a dirty atmosphere like the other Filipino restaurants (Ahem Ahem... Lafayette square, pinoy pinoy, kapit bahay). That's right! I said it. As a born and raised Las Vegan, I have the right to say that. This filipino restaurant is one of the few (3) I would actually recommend to my friends and family.I would've given this place 5 stars if it wasn't for the sisig and the waitress forgot the serving spoon I asked for. She looked directly at my face and said just minute. It wasn't that busy. 2 tables and a party isn't overwhelming. I wasn't going to rudely re-use my spoon in the rice pot on front of other guests. So waitress, if you're reading this, you know who you are...focus!
3	I've been here a few times. It's not bad. The service was always good. Nothing really popped out on the items I've tried. So far, I've had the lechon kawawa (kawali) x2, dinuguan, and fish ball appetizer.Lechon kawawa: Extra crispy, deep fried, and very healthy for you. Served with the infamous Mang Tomas roast sauce. Very similar to the competition out there. I didn't complain.Dinuguan: This was actually my favorite out of the items that I had. I'm not a big fan of this dish but I still pho'ks with it. It was good and there was nothing left on the plate. I wish it was a tad bit spicier.Fish ball appetizer: Fish ball was my favorite street fare snack in P.I. I was really excited to see it on the menu. I remember the sauces that they had when eating fish ball. A spicy chili sauce and a sweet teriyaki sauce that was quickly dipped before going to town on dem thangs. Unfortunately non of those came with the order. It came with this vinegar sauce that I didn't really care for. I didn't finish this appetizer.Something I do need to come back for and try is their roasted lechon which is served in the evenings. I will have to do an update for this dish whenever I get the chance to stuff my face with it.Also, FYI, no free refills on my iced tea... All in all, I'll come back if I need my fix. Will update on the roasted lechon.
1	If I can give this place negative 5 I would because that's what our experience was...NEGATIVE!! We decided to go out of our way on our last day in town to try this place upon the recommendation of our Pinay waitress at an Italian restaurants that we were at on a previous day.  When we got to DT's we were not promptly greeted like they couldn't care less they have another customer. When we were finally seated, my husband and I were carrying a menu from the front desk and I guess they figured 1 menu is enough for 2 people. Waited another 15-20 minutes to even get any attention from our waitress. We ordered the following: 1 water, 1 pepsi, Dinuguan, Pork Sisig & Garlic Rice. Simple enough I thought...apparently I thought wrong. It took our waitress 30 minutes to bring our Water & Pepsi. 30 minutes!?!?! Seriously?!! People were coming inside the resto as well as picking up food well after us and we noticed they were getting their food before us with more orders than we did. WTF??? I figured maybe what we ordered were complicated to make, hell maybe they needed  to freaking catch the pig, kill it and gut it out first that's why its taking too damn long. After waiting a ridiculous 1 hour since we got there to get absolutely nothing, we decided to finally walk out. I mean our waitress didn't even check on us, no refill on our drinks, no ETA in how long it will be...NOTHING. So i can't even leave a review for the food is the funny thing. For DT owner and employees...google customer service for your own business and job's sake. I'm Filipino and you made me ashamed and disgusted and completely wasted our time. Definitely will not recommended this place to anybody.  Will NEVER return again.
1	Worst customer service ever! First off, we waited for a good 5 minutes before anyone even took notice of us to get us seated. Then we placed our order and waited 30 minutes for our food to finally come out. Why did it take them 30 minutes to make our food when it wasn't busy at all? Plus a family came in 10 minutes after us and received their food the same time!! WHY? That really pissed me off! On top of everything they gave us the appetizer with our entrees all at the same time. Never checked on us until we were done just to hand the check and then realized we were out of drinks! Come on people.. either get some experienced servers instead of young teenagers who go right to texting on there cell phones after they finish taking our orders! Well the food was decent, only plus is that its the only one on my side of town but probably will never go here again unless i'm making a to go order but i'll make sure to come 45 minutes after i call if i do =)
4	Filipino food. Simple, good, work out needed afterwards. Get the pork sisig. Try the crispy pata & the kare kare, you can even order it fused together. Feeling adventurous? I am.
1	Wow, What a really small place for a restaurant.. They should really think about a bigger place.. I felt like i was in a sardine can.On to the food,.  If you love salt go here,. Every dish is loaded with tons of salt! With Heavy grease on the side.. The owner apparently is vietnamese so you can expect very subpar pinoy dishes. There are a lot better pinoy food places in las vegas. DT's is probabley the worst filipino food in las vegas. Fiesta Filipina on st Rose and Eastern is the closest to real pinoy dish i have found in las vegas.
2	Foods great but owner is M-O-O-D-Y! It wasn't even busy in there so maybe she was just having a bad day...they don't care about their customers...I'm waving my glass for a refill and they ignored me 3x! And it wasn't even busy...when it was time to pay they made me walk my ass up to the front to pay
4	i'm proud of them! ate there last night and service was wayyyyyyyyyy better
3	Came here for the first time today. The food was great, but the servers were so slow and inattentive. Their pork sinigang reminded me of Lola's back in the PI. Lechon kawali was fried to perfection, non of it was over cooked and dry. The Bicol express had good flavor and a mild kick while the longanisa fried rice needed a touch of seasoning. My only problem with this place was the service. They are very SLOW! I would see them on their cell phones texting. After dropping the food off at the table, they never came back to refill our drinks or to check up on us. It took an additional 10-15 just to get the attention of our server to get to-go boxes and our check. I work in a restaurant, I know how it gets when it gets busy but dang, they weren't that busy. The girls were polite and friendly but they need to focus on their job. I still want to try this place a couple more times, I hope I get better service next time.
1	When I go to a restaurant there are two things that  I look food good food and excellent service. This place gets the equation 25% of the time. The food is good have of the time and the service is horrid at all times. Well, at least, there is some sort of consistency in this place. The owners are a husband and wife tandem bot are equally rude. The husband is so socially awkward or just haughty that I gave up figuring it out. They also own an Asian store, which I use to frequent, so my criticism is not a snap judgement.  The servers reflect the attitude of te owners,too. I tried the binagoongan, which everyone raved about, I found it too salty. Paksiw na lechon was decent. I am utterly surprised that this place is a restaurant. When bad food is combined with horrible service, a diner might as well go to a mess hall or devour school lunch, at least they are cheaper. If you like being ignored when you eat at a place, you will enjoy this place.
2	Las Vegas doesn't have enough decent or delicious Filipino food. This on that not commercialized and decent. I can't say it's always consistent everyone I order but they get it right 8 of 10 visits. They place is small but cozy, friendly and good selection of menu items. I come 1-2x a week.Service can be 50/50 depending on the servers. You mostly have to flag them down. It's small enough to get the attention. I wouldn't order Lechon Baboy...for some reason the Lechon doesn't come out hot. I've asked them 2 today to heat it up but because it's fried they said they had to remake it but it was still cold when they delivered it.
4	If you want a good home cooked breakfast Filipino style, then come home to DT's in the am. All the silogs are a hit! I guarantee you'll love it!
1	The place is too crowded, if you are coming with your family and some of you guys are above the average size of a filipino be prepared to be squished. Service wasn't on point we had to keep asking on our own for water refills and napkins. The food was good but be prepared for all the grease the food contains(you think regular homemade, seafoodcity, etc filipino food is greasy this place is over the top lol) They charge $1 to add a little piece of leche flan for your halo halo(who does that!!?) Not worth it, Save your money and eat somewhere else.
1	Service was fast but the food was not good tasting too much seasoning and spice, when this was brought up to server, the cook came out and tried to defend his cooking skills, acting childish. Would not recommend to friends.
3	Place is okay looking... Server "short lady long ponytail" was rude and as if she didnt like taking any orders... She reaches on our table back n forth without saying excuse me... Lol I ordered melon juice... The melon seems very hard however the juice is good. We also got pork sinigang, very good however the meat should be made with less pork fat. Pansit palabok tasted ok n beef caldereta is good.
1	Decent food but customer service is horrible!! Ordered 3 party trays online as they said it was the best way to go if you were ordering trays. What is the purpose of putting a pick up time on your order if they are not going to be ready anyway?!  I ordered them a day before, called before I drove out to pick up and still the food was not ready!  Worse, 2 servers saw me walked in and did not say a thing or greeted, I had to flag somebody. They need to learn a thing or two about good customer service and actually preparing their food on time.
4	First time here. Had crispy chicken for lunch. $8.99 gets you soup, rice, pancit, 2 shanghai lumpia, and half a chicken!!! Did I mention HALF A CHICKEN??!! Needless to say, lunch was quite filling. The chicken skin was ultra crispy and meat was moist. The dipping sauce was similar to what you'd get from a Chinese restaurant when ordering roast duck. Will definitely be back to try other dishes. Coworker has bistek Tagalog and she said it was good as well as my other coworkers pork adobo. Will update once I try more dishes.
3	I usually don't eat here often, only when my relatives want Filipino food & just forced to tag along. & You know what's sad? I think they have WAY better pho here compared to Jenni Pho & Pho Annie. Seriously, try the pho if you're not  into their Filipino food lol. The only Filipino food I love more than anything is beefsteak & theirs is good. Not the best but it is good. I also tried the avocado boba & I was not expecting the "smoothie" ice to be so coarsely grounded. But the flavor was good, I just wish they blended it into finer ice. The food here overall is just decent. Service is never on top though. Some days the service will be OK, & some days you'll get a rude server. I won't eat here unless I'm forced to & you're paying & I will only order pho.
4	A nice place to dine in... Food was awesome... Though the pata tim has only 3 pieces of pata per order... But the taste is good... Over all a fine place to eat out with...
2	Food is eh and this is from someone who hasn't had Filipino food in a year. What really makes it bad is the awful service my family took me here for Veterans Day, at first they tried to stick us next to people when the place was empty and then we waited 10 minutes for drinks and the waitress barely camps by to refill or check on us maybe only once the entire hour we were their. Mediocre foodWorst service I have ever had in Vegas especially from fellow Filipinos Would rather have had L&L next door
2	Pros: friendly staff (???)Cons: took too long for the food to come, ambiance is really confusing, food was ok, nothing special. TVs are playing sports making the ambiance even more confusing.
4	I haven't ate filipino food in a long time but I like it.  We ordered the lechon kawali and the pork adobo fried rice.  Both were very delicious and the price was reasonable.  I thought it would be bigger inside but it looks a little small.  The only thing I didn't like was that we waited forever to be seated.  I literally almost fell asleep waiting for the hostess or waitress to come up to us and we went on a Wednesday night.
1	Horrible Service.. Ordered to go via phone. Still had to wait for an hour when I got there. Servers ignoring me. When I got my food, so disappointed. Waste of money. They are not cheap too. There are better places to go for filipino food. Never again.
4	I've been to DT's a few times and I can honestly say overall I'm a fan. Two words "Kamayan Nights". Every Thursday night they have this thing where they'll serve you this huge pile of food on banana leaves and you use nothing but your hands, my kind of people and dining. The menu always changes and there are different tiers based on the number of people with more items the higher tier. The lowest tier was a party of 4 for about $60 which included about 12 items. The top tier was a party of 10 for $110 which includes everything from each of the lower tiers and total to about 23 different items. I don't know if I would setup a UYE for this who knows where everyone's hands been LOL but I would definitely gowith the family.Ask for their breakfast menu which I believe is served all day. For only $6.99 you have your choice of 8 items from longanisa, corn beef, adobo, fried fish, and a few more served with fried rice and 2 eggs. If you're looking for a meal under $10 there you go. I had the adobo with scramble eggs it was alright good size and filling for the price. The adobo wasn't the best I've had but satisfying, I did clean my plate out completely.Ask for their lunch menu which they serve from 11AM-4PM. For $8.99, another meal under $10, you get your choice of a few items served with lumpia, a soup, steam or fried rice, and a nice helping of pancit. I've had the lechon kawali which was good. So much food I was full half way through. Another is the Bistek it's marinated steak with onions, apparently it's a must have each time we've gone from work majority of us are having it.Outside of their lunch and breakfast menus and Kamayan Nights they have halo halo for dessert, pho yes you heard me right its not that bad actually, and a huge menu of other items. They also have karaoke with lots TVs spread throughout and without TFC or GMA playing. I think they are doing an excellent job here. Its very clean, decorated like your typical Filipino spot meaning using a lot of decoration from other Asians but not like filt. There have plenty of tables and booths, plenty of space to accommodate even large group, I've been here in group of 10 and 12 with many others there and it went smoothly.  I'm a tech junky so having a webpage, being able to order online, it's pos system, signing with your finger, etc I like a lot. Honestly its hard for me to get blown away with Filipino food outside from my home probably because I eat the good stuff so often but their food satisfies the craving when there are no Filipino food at home.  I would say the food is ok and more reliable than amazing. Plus it is always busy when I'm there so they're doing something right.
1	This place suck!!! I called to make a simple order(lechon kawali) the chic took my order and than said she needed my credit card to pay for it right away. I told her no I was paying cash. She than told me hold on and spoke to someone in the back regarding my situation. When she came back on she said oh sorry it will be ready at 730 pm-mind u it was only 430 pm. I told her why so late because I was paying cash and I refuse to give her my credit card? she than said oh no they are backed up on orders. At 6pm we drove there since we live right next to it and it was empty. They still weren't taking orders. I wanted to tell them how da hell do u run a business and can't handle the production-jus say u closing early instead of lying to your customers.
3	So my family is in town and we were brainstorming what to eat. My suggestions got trumped for a recommendation from a cousin of mine and my SIL's friend who lives here for this place. The portions were decent, the price was decent, overall the taste wasn't bad and the menu is large with some regional cooking I don't see on very many menus (and wtf, pho?!).... but man the service and food here was so slow!  They were making a bunch of trays and large party take out orders instead of our order. By the time we waited, finished eating and were leaving, they weren't even picked up! There weren't very many customers at this point, only 3 other tables to be served.Sinegang shrimp - it's standard, it's fine. I would be surprised if anyone can screw this up. Dinuguan - this is probably the better I've had taste wise, but I'm used to tangy than a tiny bit sweet. I asked for vinegar and got soy/vinegar/sugar mix each time I asked for it which was really weird why they wouldn't give me straight vinegar at a Filipino joint. Their style of cooking is less tangy than I cook and a bit sweet. Lechon Kawali - this was good lechon, nice melty fat but was deep fried so some bits were too crispy since it wasn't roasted. Pompano on the grill - decent, the fish tasted fresh Pancit - this was passableAmpalaya - It had eggs and ground meat and tomato. Pretty decent, but I can't eat a lot since I'm not a huge fan of ampalaya on it's own.  Sisig - normally this is the favorite and what goes fast, but it was one of the items left because it wasn't that great. It was missing flavor. I added some of that soy/vinegar/sugar dip they kept giving me instead of vinegar to try to help it. I don't know why my family got halo halo and turon seeing as it took so long to eat, but the turon with ube ice cream was pretty nicely done. I did not try the halo halo, but they didn't have flan and as much variety of toppings on it. My nephew got a sago and gulaman and said it was way too sweet. A kid (who naturally loves sugary junk) had to pour water into it. Service was meh. Like I said, the kitchen took a long time. The front of staff were just okay. We didn't get plates for a while and then didnt get water until 20-30 minutes after being seated. Plates after eating and waiting for desserts werent cleared and we had to tell them we want to take home leftovers then were given ill suited boxes for them - too large and one thing was really soupy for a clamshell container. We had to ask for the check. We had to flag for items we need. The service just felt very pre- occupied with something that wasn't serving us. A plus is it's a sit down and seems to be made to order since the food was hot when received which this place had going for them. Unfortunately, I don't think it's worth the drive from the NW even though there isn't much out here.
1	They really need to work on their customer service. Went here because I told my relatives that they actually have really good pho but next time I'm just gonna take the drive to Pho Kim Long since it took what felt like 40 mins to prepare 4 bowls of rare steak pho with tendons. The sad part was that it wasn't busy at all. The girl seated us and walked away and we waited like 10 mins before a different girl took our drink orders. THEN the original girl came and asked for our drink orders. Drinks took about freaking 10 minutes. I could see the lack of communication there. And I also noticed that 2 people walked in and were waiting to be seated and when I was looking at the workers they were just standing around talking to each other and the lady got her own menu and sat herself and her friend down. And then there was a worker behind us, (I'm assuming maybe the chef) who was just talking to the people behind us for the whole 40 minutes of waiting for our food (I just really hope he was off of his shift). Anyway, perhaps they should put a note on their menu that pho take an extra hour to cook. I just didn't understand why it took SO long when it wasn't even busy and we asked for RARE steak pho. You don't even have to cook it! To top that off they forgot to add in our tendons and we wait another 5 minutes for that to come out. You can probably imagine how irritated we all were. So the pho just tasted decent too. The broth wasn't even boiling hot. It felt as if the our food was just sitting in the kitchen for a while. Everything just went wrong for us at this place. NEVER again! Even if the pho is good, the customer service here makes you lose your appetite.
2	I've been here a couple times, and the food is alright. Nothing special about it, but I might be biased since I usually have homemade Filipino food.We ordered beef calderetta, pork adobo, grilled bangus, and halo halo for dessert. The beef calderetta was actually pretty good. I think I'd have to say it was my favorite dish of the night. It kind of tasted sweet, not typical of any calderetta I've ever had but I'm not complaining. The pork adobo was also a little sweeter than any adobo I'm used to. As for the grilled bangus, it was...really bland. And the halo halo didn't even have buko in it! While the food was okay, it didn't taste authentically Filipino to me.The service was hit or miss. There would be times where the waiters and waitresses would always check up on us, followed by periods of neglect. Also, the waiting time for the food was really long, considering it wasn't that busy.Overall, this was place alright. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again, but I wouldn't throw a fit if someone was going to take me here.
2	This place was a hit or miss for me.  Been here a few times, keep in mind, I do not live in this side of town.I went here for the first time, with my best friend when they just opened.  They didn't have certain things on their menu.  OK, I get it.  They're pretty high tech with their iPads.  That was cool.  The food was pretty great that first time.  I went again a second time when my sister gave birth and was in Summerlin Hospital. The food was pretty great or I was just really hungry.  I took my niece and nephew and they enjoyed the spaghetti.I went there again and I ordered the adobo and sinigang.  The adobo was very cold and the sinigang was just warm.  They have a worker there that is very RUDE.  It's the guy who look Filipino and when you speak Tagalog to him he would look at you with a condescending look and say I DON'T SPEAK TAGALOG, Well that's okay, because I speak English VERY WELL.  What an a$$hole! Word of caution, DO NOT GO THERE for their "KAMAYAN" night.  I do this with my family at home, with the whole banana leaves that's spread out.  The way they serve their food in the "kamayan" night makes for a very GROSS smorgasbord of food you do not want to mix.  IT was a MESS! Do yourselves a favor and contact me for advise as to how to do this CORRECTLY!Homemade food is so much preferable.  I can cook most of the stuff they have, I'm just on the go a lot.  One thing is for sure, I WILL NEVER EAT here again.
4	Love the food alot ex. SIsig,sinigang, lechon and crispy pata yummm :) . But dont go here when ur extremely hungry coz it takes a long wait for ur food to be serve :) servers are sweet and polite. Nice and clean place. Overall  i love this place.
4	Ive been here twice now.  Both times service was great.  Have had the the pancit bihon, bitter beef, beef caldereta, lamb caldereta, bagoong fried rice, boba drinks, bangus, beef adobo, bulalo.  Think Ive had more :) All were good, but the bagoon fried rice and beef caldereta stood out for me.  If youre craving filipino and dont feel like cooking, this is the place.
1	I typically don't write reviews but my experience was just ridiculous! I've eaten at this place twice before. The food is mediocre but it is the only Filipino restaurant in the SW Vegas area. However, the service is extremely poor! The third time I visited this restaurant was with my parents. As we walked in, I saw there were many empty tables. We stood there for literally 10 mins without acknowledgement from the staff. Now I typically have low expectations for Filipino restaurants with their service since they generally just suck. DT's just completely pissed me off. The server or I guess probably the daughter or the owner had her boyfriend with her behind the counter. Very unprofessional! He was saying things like, "I don't like Filipino food." Well guess where you are  dude?! He was touching her on her butt where customers can see. All I was thinking was, "What the F is she thinking?!" So after the wait, we were seated at a wet table. They asked us for our drink order and it took another 15 mins for it to come out! Then we ordered our food and it took forever to come out! I love the boneless bangus and it didn't come out boneless! The shrimp sinigang had like 5 pieces of shrimp and they use the flavoring packet! The kare-kare barely had vegetables! The only thing I liked was the ice cream dessert. I seriously hate this restaurant and I would NEVER EVER come back or recommend this place to anyone. I'd rather drive 20 mins to Max's by UNLV to get Filipino food.
4	The reviews of this place seem to indicate good food but terrible service. We must have gone on a good night because the service was good and the food came out pretty quickly.We ordered way too much food, but my Dad wanted a good sample of their offerings. We had Sotanghon Guisado, Ginataang Sitaw at Kalabasa, Bicol Express, Crispy Binagoongan, Crispy Pata, and Dinengdeng na Labong. I named that last dish last because it was the only thing that we didn't enjoy. The fish was good but the overall dish was way too salty.Everything else was great. The prices were great. The Calamansi Juice was refreshing. Nice, satisfying dinner.We'll be back to try their Kamayan night.
5	i have got to say i stumbled in on this place and the service was the best i ever have had the food was off the chart, the greatest filipino food ever, and i can say that because i hve eaten not so good filipino food and i have eaten the best home cooked filipino food ever from the usa to the philippines, and when i brought my girlfriend and her family to eat here, and note when i say this they are very exelent cooks of filipino food they sat down and couldnt believe how good the food was and the prices was very good and the large amount of servings you get is the best ever, they now go there all the time even knowing that there own food that they cook is if not better or equal to their own. the service was number one and i go many times there so i dont know these other people that are on here saying what they are saying because maybe they dont know good food when they taste it and good service i have been to many filipino fast foods or resteraunts i will say out of all the ones i have been in vegas this dt`s is the best i give them 5 stars if there was 6 stars they would deserve it from me and my family, although i would have to take away that 6th star because i love to sing and i didnt see any singing action there, other than that they are the best filipino food resteraunt in vegas keep up the good work from brian of the filipino riders of las vegas.
4	I was the worst critic of this place but because there are no choices nearby for Filipino food, I've kept trying and let me tell you, they have improved drastically. My favorite is the Chicken Inasal. ..and today even their lunch special and it's quite great.
2	Sorry guys, being in Los Angeles, we were spoiled by authentic and fusion Filipino cuisine. Here, many dine-in restaurants and even to go foods are awesome. That will be my point of comparison. Our friends brought us to this restaurant being one the of the top in the LV area. The lechon sinigang was a weird tasting sinigang (fried pork fat in sour soup) without the traditional veggies. The bangus bistek was totally a bad dish, the texture of the fish was so hard,  smothered with soggy onions and a soup like sauce. Pwe!!! The "pangat"  na pompano is another weird looking dish with bokchoy. Another bad dish was the pinakbet that looked like a three day old warmed up dish from the refrigirator.But in fairness, the "okoy" was one of the best I've tasted, next to Chef Tatung of Taguig. So next time I am in Vegas, I will just go to the buffett or drive around Spring Mountain for dimsum or Thai cooking.
4	When I'm in the mood for good Filipino food (and I'm on the southwest side) - I head straight to DT's Filipino Food.I've been here 3 times and have never left with an unsatisfied stomach. I'm a sinigang lover for sure whether it be pork or shrimp. I like my sinigang really sour and acidic so I was a tad bit disappointed that the sinigang here wasn't exactly what I was looking for (I guess nothing will ever beat my mom's sinigang), but it will have to do. I still found myself drinking the bowl to the very last drop. I also have a passion for dinuguan (not most people do), but I love the dinuguan here! I can never get enough. Their shrimp fried rice is also delicious. (Just thinking about the food here is tempting me to head back for dinner since I live nearby, haha.) Anyways.. I'm surprised this place has low ratings. I love this place and will continue to be a dine-in and take-out customer.
4	Tried this Filipino restaurant for lunch today. The dishes we ordered were pretty descent. We had 5 dishes: pork sinigang, bulalo, vegetarian delight, Lechon kawali, and crispy binagoongan. My kids enjoyed the sinigang & Lechon kawali. Crispy binagoongan was too salty for me though, it requires a lot of rice to eat it. When we got home, my hubby & I were knocked out on the couch, we slept for a good 2-3 hrs! Perhaps the msg is the culprit. :) Will definitely return. We didn't have problem with the service at all. It's nice to have a Filipino restaurant in the southwest area.
1	Let me start by saying I am a native of Las Vegas third generation to be exact and have seen filipino restaurants come and go. The good ones tend to be good for awhile then they get lazy. The quality if food goes to crap and just don't care. Hence the fall of some of these restaurants.For example; I am writing this with a horrible stomach ache and after throwing up and having diarrhea for the last 5 hours. Since I ordered food to go last night. And it didn't sit waiting for me. I was actually waiting for them to finish cooking it. I had the binagoong fried rice, and lechon kawali. Which I have had there many times before. Like I said restaurants get comfortable and start to lack in pride and the service they are providing for the Filipino community. We as Filipinos support our community in everything they do. But since this has happened to me. I'm sorry to say; I no longer support this business. I don't write reviews unless it's something really major. Date of occurrence 4/15/2014
4	We drive over there with my family and ate. Their service is a little slow, other than that We love the food. Love the daing na bangus and binagoongan pork. To go is better than dining in.
4	Update from my dining experience on 04/26/2014.I was in town for the weekend apartment hunting due to my latest reassignment to Las Vegas. After an awesome night at Haze nightclub, I still had to be up early to check out a few apartments I had in mind and that's when I stumbled upon DT's Filipino Restaurant. I just needed something to soak up all the alcohol and I can assure you that the Lechon Kawali I had definitely did the job. It was extremely crispy and the portion was huge.The only downside is the service which was very slow although they were very polite.
2	The food is great but as some of the other reviews say the service is terrible. I called to order food to go at 9:26PM and whoever answered the phone said that they were closed. I said well it says you close at 10:00PM. She then stated that they stop taking orders at 9:20PM. Usually all restaurants will allow you to order until your closing time. They had 24 minutes and couldn't take my order? I thought that was ridiculous. Turn down a paying customer just so your staff doesn't have to do extra work before closing? That is horrible service.
1	This place is crap. We wanted to try the "kamayan" and called ahead to set up a reservation for a party of 8 and the lady who answered the phone said that they don't do reservations for "kamayan" cause you have to pay first. I guess that should have been our red flag right there but since we're so intrigued by the whole idea of kamayan we went to the restaurant hoping that they can seat us. They said that we have to pay in advance then make a reservation. Hhhmmm that's a first for us. It's a restaurant business and should they anticipate the demand for their costumers. To top it off, the waiting area was so tiny and we waited for about 10 mins. for them to actually acknowledge us. It was just not a good experience.
4	Best Filipino food I've had in Vegas! Good crispy Pata and palabok. Generous halo-halo portion size :-)
3	I haven't really tried everything but I tend to stick to what I'm comfortable with when it comes to Filipino food. Fried chicken skins and sinigang soup is what I order here every time. Other than that I don't really want to try anything else since if I ever want to eat Filipino food I just ask my sister to make it. Maybe I'll have the courage to try something else in the future
1	Horrible service. Party of 13 and we didn't even have rice to start off with.  And server just handed good to pass along and not handing it nicely. Waited over 40 mins for rice. Wtf????Kept ok asking as well what we had and good was okay though.
3	7:30 dinner at DT. I actually wanted to go to Cafe De Cebu but majority rules- they wanted DT. After reading the bad reviews I was wary of trying this place. I actually came in here with a bad mood. Like those snickers commercials-- I'm not myself when I'm hungry. As I was walking in I read Pho--in neon lights--above of the door... Great... This isn't going to be authentic Pinoy food....Service is cool, not attentive though. The whole time they didn't check up on us. We had some beverages that needed to be refilled and my calamansi juice was running low. However the servers do come when called. We ordered the crispy pata, bicol express, tortang talong, and bbq chicken. Crispy pata was nice and crispy, pretty good (ask for mang tomas) and they gave a lot of it. Bicol express had some Thai influence (was told the owner is Thai) bc it looked like and taste a little like spicy pan ang-- just with seafood. It wasn't bad, surprisingly it tasted good. Tortang talong was freshly made and with the stir fried bagoong-- pretty good. Okay so far 3 for 3. Until the BBQ chicken. That shiiet was hella dry.... Probably sitting under the heat lamp since lunch time. So I'll knock off a star for that move.... Don't serve food that's been sitting there! Ppl can get sick with that kind of mentality. I read a bad reviews on this place and the guy said he had diarrhea bc of something he ate at this place. Wouldn't be surprised if its bc some cook forgot to put meat back in the walk in/freezer. All in all, DT is cool. They give a lot of food; there were 4 of us and we still had leftovers. I'd say it's a little pricey for dinner, especially the dessert... I really wanted turon with ice cream (!!) but for $6 I'll pass... If I feel like having some Pinoy food I might come here, since it's close by my house... but idk, I'm still on the fence about this place.  Let me try Cafe de Cebu first! I saw on their yelp pic-- turon with ube ice cream for $3.99!
2	I ordered the crispy pata. Pancit, menudo, thai tea and coke drink. Then a separate order of flan (dessert) to go. Majority of the main dishes come with one scoop of rice.  The crispy pata; my mother and I did enjoy as well as the pancit. It was pretty good. But we both agreed that the menudo was weird tasting and didn't like it at all. The rice wasn't soft... It was really hard! Why?? The flan was for my boyfriend (who's cuban) in his opinion... He loves it. All in all, the food was good except for the menudo. But beware the service is horrible. There are people waiting a long time at the door to be seated because no one pays any attention to them and I was one of them. I do admit I didn't leave a tip only because I had no cash on me. I normally use my debit card to leave a tip with my whole order but they don't do that? Weird policy! All the waitresses are pretty nice and sweet. I'm just don't like the owner who is so rude to her own employees. The owner by the way... Owns Asian market. If you haven't gone there yet... Check out the business on yelp! Bad reviews.
5	Much better experience this time around. As my brother in law said, "the service was delightful." lol
1	I just gave this place more stars earlier because the food is good but if I can give Big Fat Zero on service I would!!! We were the third customer that walked in this place I ordered 4 things i got 3 items that I ordered which was great. The last one was for my son and I'm not exaggerating it took them 45 mins to bring it out. We were all done eating and my sons crispy chicken still hasn't come out!!!! Spoke to the manager after its been 45 mins and all he can say is "oh il take it out of your check no big deal!" Really?!!! No big deal my son is hungry here and its no big deal??? In some other restaurant I would've gotten that for free! I ended up going to hawaiian restaurant to get him some food which it only took them 10 mins to prepare!!! So like I said the food is great but if your on a time frame don't ever go to this place coz they take forever!
1	still at this place...we asked for more rice at 9:18pm, the same waitress told us that they close at 10 so they stop making rice now. wow! I'm so displeased with this place. Don't come here!!
1	Wow! This place is a joke! Our waitress was impatient and probably did not have a clue on what she was doing. It took about 15 mins. for her to actually give us the menu and another 15 mins. to order. We had to get up to tell her that we were ready to order. At 9:18pm, our party asked for extra rice and the waitress said that they stopped making rice since they close at 10pm... With the service they gave us, I'm not EVER coming back to this place.
1	Service is horrific!!! The food isn't the best but the service sucks.  Thank god L & L BBQ is near by. Don't waste your money at DTs!!!
1	The management is terrible and the owner is rude and unaccomodating..not really authentic Filipino food..just authentic Filipino workers...i prefer to go to Barkada's on Decatur and Sahara...main chef now works there, way better and atmosphere is always great
2	Really disappointing. The food was just decent, but the service and wait was horrible. We had to wait about 40 minutes for our food to start coming out. (We were only a party of 3). Our server didn't seem to know the menu very well and had to run to the back every time we had a question. So there was the bad service, but the food was about average...nothing to come back for. I ordered the pork tosino breakfast and didn't really like it at all. Their Kare Kare wasn't bad so I ate that instead. It was a hot day so I got a halo-halo to finish and that was pretty good.In the end,  I wouldn't recommend this place. You can find much better Filopino food elsewhere in Vegas.
3	Being filipino, I would definitely know true filipino food! This place was just okay. I tend to think that same way towards all filipino fast food/restaurants because nothing beats my dad and grandma's home cooking, or even the authentic stuff back home in the PI. But this was just an okay place for grabbing a quick filipino fix if you're in a hurry or just too lazy to cook. The pho isn't that great. But sinigang was delicious. My favorite soup! The service is aight. Not fantastic, not bad. Nothing compared to the exceptional service in the Philippines, but that's filipinos for ya. Place isn't bad nor amazing. Come if you're willing to try filipino food though!
3	This place has pretty good food but the service is lacking a bit. Food wait time is long but drinks are even longer, not sure why drinks would take that long. Will try again just for the food but hopefully service will improve too.
2	Not the best, but good enough when you're craving some filipino food and dont want to go too far.
5	The caldareta kambing and bbq here are my favorites. The food is made well, I took my family here for dinner and my parents really enjoyed their food. They provide us with a pot of steamed rice which is just right for a family of four. I like how they have a website where you can order ahead of time, pick it up when it's ready and take it home. It's very clean and welcoming. The waitresses and waiters check up on you without being overbearing which is nice. Beware when it's karaoke night, it could be pretty loud in the other room so if that bothers you and you'd like to have dinner in peace I suggest not sitting by the door where the karaoke is going on and to sit as far away as possible...lol This is a great place to go if your craving some home cooked Filipino food or want a Filipino dish that you don't know how to cook. They have it all!!! It's on the corner of Rainbow and Warm Springs by L&L Hawaiian BBQ in the plaza where Albertsons is located. Very convenient location :)
1	Food are good but the service sucks. The wait is too long and the Vietnamese lady owner is just snabby. It seems like she don't want customers. No smile and rude greeting.
3	I must admit going back a few times, they did improve.  When I first wrote my review, they were just opening.PROS:- Kamayan Night every Thursday night is a deal! thats where they use the banana leaves and serve food for your to eat with your hands on them. Variety selection, perfect.-  Halo Halo here is probably the best in town! Along with their Buko Pandan!CONS:- Service is a little off in regards to timing.  Waited quite a bit for our food to come out on certain occasions.-  Didn't like their tinola, dry meat and soup too salty.  Pork adobo was swimming in nothing but grease and fat.I love going here for their kamayan night, and their Halo Halo to go, though!
3	I've been here twice since I am a Filipino and I am missing the food at home a lot.  Their food is good, but the service sucks! We waited there for 10 minutes then the waitress said she is taking us the booth since the people eating there was leaving. But what happened was the person who just came in got it. So we aited another 15 minutes. The food came too late! 30 minutes!!! I was like "seriously????? Service sucks!!!!! So we didn't tip them!!!
4	Very good Filipino food! My husband and I got take out here for the first time recently. We looked at the menu online first but he wanted to actually go in and see the place so be went in to place the order. From when he ordered to when he got the food was only 20 minutes, not bad to be for take out. We ordered Pork Adobo, Pinakbet, Garlic Fried Rice and Pancit Bihon. Everything was great and very flavorful except the garlic fried rice. To me, needed MORE garlic, but I'm Italian so I love my garlic. The portions were large too for the price. We will definitely eat here again and try other dishes. Was recommended here by 2 friends, and now I will also reccomend this place to others. Yummy!
3	Actually between a 3 and 4 as we are regulars here.  I can see why some of the ratings are low as the service isn't always the best cause they get really busy and the owner doesn't look the friendliest. I was skeptical at first knowing that the owner of the Asian market down the street who isn't the happiest person opened up a Filipino restaurant and it wasn't just Filipino food at first but a mix of different asian foods, so assumed the food wouldn't be authentic enough.  But they must have a Filipino cook back there cause the food is pretty darn good.  Depends on what you get.  My husbands first time he said was just okay, second time was better.  So after you figure out what's good you stick to it.  We stick to our favorites which are bagaong fried rice (lechon pieces in the rice topped with tomatoes and mangoes), Shanghai lumpia, adobo and the breakfast rice plates, topsilog especially.  Once in a while lechon. We often order party trays as well mostly for lumpia and fried rice.While the service can be slow, the waitresses/waitors work hard and are nice.  And if you are craving Filipino food, it hits the spot!  Good for dinner or after Sunday church breakfast/lunch spot.  Filipino breakfast is one of the best :)  fried egg, mixed into your fried rice and some meat, so good!
4	Food is great.. Fairly good amount..sumptuous!! But pls we need the Buko pandan back, k?
3	Gotta agree with fellow yelpers, the Lechon Kawali was drenched in fatty oil.  It had a nice cruncg to it but definitely a heart clogger. We ordered 3 orders and an order of the fried rice that the employee had recommended being their specialty item.  Geeze... The saltiest fried rice ever on earth.  Don't get it!  There's not one person in our party of 4 that wanted a second bite of the rice.  We asked to return the rice since it was not edible and was refused.  They Said it's supposed to be salty like that.  It's crazy.  It tasted like someone poured half a container of salt in it. We definitely won't be coming back.
5	Best filipino food in vegas!!! Great interior and very clean! Food tastes just like you ordered it straight from the Phillipines!  Our favorite server is carrie lam! She always greats us with a smile and is very patient with everyones order!
1	This place just doesn't get it... Service is very slow most of the time, even for pick ups. Tonight I ordered two halo halo w extra ice cream and flan... All together costs me $19... Overpriced everything. Picked it up and what do I get? Small scoops of ice cream and half an inch of flan. I was so annoyed I had to call them back but got nothing. I will never ever ever come back here again... To think they are right down the street from where I live. Don't waste your time, money and patience with this place. Piss poor service.
3	Busy on a Friday afternoon. Placed an order online and they give you a specific time to come pick it up, well Ive been waiting for about 20min now. Another customer said she waited an hour. Not to fond of that. But the food is great and the waitresses are very friendly. I just think, if they're going to set a time. It should be ready no later than 5 to 10min.
2	The food is great but they sure need to work on their To-Go. I was waiting for like 50mins just for 4 orders of lunch specials. The place wasn't even packed.
3	I'm a take out regular here. I like this place because 1. It's close enough 2. It's the only FILIPINO restaurant CLOSE enough. The other reviewer was right. Once you find something you like, STICK WITH IT. I tried exploring the other foods, but it's not going to be like what your mom makes. I stick with the lechon kawali, I mean, how can you mess up right? I tried the chicken adobo but I don't like the fact they cut the chicken parts into tinier parts. The beef bisteak is good, but I would like more soup. The reason why I made this review because of the dinuguan. OMG. I've been craving dinuguan like no other. I was kind of skeptical to order because traditionally, dinuguan has organs, and pieces you just don't know what is in it. When I called to make the order, I asked the host what was in it. She says, pork meat in pork blood. Yeah, I know. She assured me that there were no organs. Still weary, I ordered it. Just as the host said, JUST PORK MEAT! It was so delicious! Finally! I will forever dinuguan from them. Just don't change it or CLOSE!
4	This is my new go to filipino food resto near me! They have a great to go service when i either order on the phone or online.They call if there is an issue with the order.My favorite dishes are the beef caldereta ,bistek tagalog and adobo.The only thing that do not like much is the bistek and adobo being too oily but the flavor is amazing! Also it would be perfect if there was more sauce cause thats what we filipino love alot! Especially pouring it over white rice!
4	My review is overdue. It's been a few weeks since my family and I came here for lunch. Because of the not-so-great reviews we were VERY skeptical about trying DT's. But after our meal, boy were we wrong.Restaurant - clean, roomy, plenty of space for groups.Food - we had kare kare, pansit canton, grilled pork, bulalo, and halo halo. Wow we were all very impressed with the kare kare. Everything we ordered was very yummy and tasty and we would re-order again. Service - the server we had was very nice and attentive. They were very friendly during our visit. Price - decently priced. They have lunch specials however we ordered from their regular menu which ranged from $7-$15. We will for sure make a repeat visit!
1	Last week, we were in the Las Vegas area and a friend took us to this place. I remembered this place as soon as we entered the parking area. As usual, the food is salty as can be. I can't remember any food that is worth remembering. Even the okoy that I like in my first visit, not is not crispy anymore and became soggy. I rest my case with this restaurant.
5	Went there with some friends for dinner, was iffy at 1st but the place actually turned out to be very good, the servers were very nice and didn't hesitate to help with our little requests, the food was good and prepared very well. I highly recommend this place! But don't forget to bring cash for the servers they don't take tip over cards for some reason
3	This was my first time here. After reading all these bad review I was kinda iffy in having dinner here. A lot of the reviews are about service. To be honest service was pretty good. Very friendly staff, food didn't take that long and presentation of the food wasn't that bad as well. Reason why I only gave this restaurant 3 stars is because of the following: -Tai Tea drink was very yummy but the boba's were very hard-They only had 1 working high chair in the whole restaurant -It being a Filipino restaurant, you should know Filipino's eat a lot of rice. We ordered 5 dishes and they gave us only 5 scoops of rice for a party of 5 adults + 2 kids. We asked for more rice and to find out on our tab, it was $1.99 per scoop. -On the menu it says "15% auto gratuity for a party of 6+" they auto gratuity us even when we had 2 kids (2 & 5 years old) to my knowledge in the state of Nevada auto gratuity is not allowed anymore. I didn't complain this time because we would have gave a large tip anyways. -some of the TV's need to be changed out.What I did like was they had a private banquet room that fits about 100 people. I might have an event here, still debating, going to base it on cost. I'll update you as soon as I make a decision. Hopes this helps :)
2	This was my first time here. A co-worker told me that this restaurant offer a "Kamayan style" dining experience every Thursdays and we want to try. After paying for the package ( good for 8 people, about $97+, tax included) online, I called them regarding the menu. I was told that the chef decides what food he will cook for that day and I am only to choose 1 dish from the options the girl from the resto gave me. This should not be the case as according to their online menu, I have additional 4 dishes to choose from aside from the ones already listed on the set package. This already raised a red flag to me. I feel like it's false advertisement when you post something on your website and you're not honoring what you have listed on your site. Since, I already paid for the package, I just get on with it, thinking that maybe, I should give them the benefit of the doubt, that they have a better food spread prepared for us. Unfortunately, We were all disappointed! We were served with pancit bihon/canton,ensaladang itlog na maalat with tomatoes,chicken skin,chicken afritada,fried tulingan,ginisang sayote,crispy pata,lumpiang shanghai,pickled cucumber,fried eggplant,sugba/kilaw pork,and kinilaw na very tiny dilis. Out of this dishes, you will see that only about 5 are main dishes. The rest are like appetizers/side dishes. The only dish we enjoyed was the creamy chicken/peas/egg soup that was served before the main meal. Very disappointed! We should have tried ordering their a la carte instead so that we will be able to choose what food we want to eat. No next time coming here though. It's not worth the drive from our place. Also, be prepared to pay for the 15% gratuity automatically billed after your meal. I don't mind this though as the service is fast and quite good.
1	This place don't deserve a star at all.  Heard about this restaurant from a friend in Vegas so we went to try it.  We ordered 6 dishes with drinks.  20 mins later 4 dishes came and my family started eating.  I had to wait for my dish which i ordered pinakbet (vegetables) and my husband was waiting for his fav bopis..   Waited and waited but nothing came and no one seemed to even care to say oh we've forgotten your order "sorry".. It seems like one of the employee/ owner's son could hear us from the counter but no one cares until we pointed it out!  The waitress could have handled it more nicely than just saying "Oh I don't know what happend there" (exactly her words) Who cares right we got 4 out of 6 order!!! But that was my food they forgot to serve. everybody was already full except me!!  I asked "how long is the wait for my order? she replied "oh they just started preparing.. You mean another 20 minutes wait? It made me more upset...so I cancelled the order!   How could they forgot my order? We were the last table to be served before they closed!!! I usually dont write bad reviews but I want the owner to be aware of what's going on.. coming from a very long trip and so hungry plus a bad service ruins everything. Train or hire people who could handle this kind of situations..   If you ever want to come and try this place.. better yet bring your own cooked white rice.. They charge $1.99 per scoop.. yes like the size of an ice cream scoop
5	I've read through some of the reviews. The 1 and 2 star'ed reviews were a bit harsh, each of them seemed like the problem could of been due to the customer's high or un-realistic expectation.Is there another Filipino restaurant in the south west area? No. (not that i know of) To me that makes it a 5 star place.Are there better places to get Filipino food? Sure there is, but have I found one that's closer than 20 minutes away? No. Is the food decent? Yes.Is there sometimes a wait for the food? Sure, when it gets busy. If you don't want to wait, then drive 20+ mins to the next filipino restaurant.Everything I've had here is good. Halo halo, bicol express, binagoogan fried rice, sinigang, lechon kawali, kare kare, sisig, longanisa fried rice, tocino. As you can see i've been here a lot.There's areas for improvement for almost all their dishes, but heck, until another Filipino place opens up that's closer than 20 mins, I'm keeping the 5 star rating for DT's.
3	I got the pork sisig and i had them make it again because the first time it was bitter and i was thinking it was because it was burnt but the second dish was the same thing so i don't recommend the dish unless they change the recipe and maybe add more vinegar to it.
1	One word: Awful.1st dish: Kare-Kare lunch special - Veggies on top (beans and eggplant) was COLD! As in straight out of a tupperware container from the fridge COLD! As with the two mini lumpia shanghai that comes with it - they too, were cold. We were scratching our heads,  puzzled. When we asked the mgr, he said they pre-cook the veggies (which was understandable), but he said they shouldn't have been cold. He brought back and returned to us heated. Taste of the kare-kare was one of the worst I have had.2nd dish: PalabokDidn't get any better. Generous portion,  but definitely lacking quality and taste of this dish - very disappointing.  Had a several mouthfuls, but eventually gave up. I felt bad having to leave so much food, but it was unpalatable :-(3rd dish: Pata TimI had to throw my towel in - I didn't even taste this one. My family did though only to discover that this dish may have been the culprit of possibly food poisoning? My mother had a very upset tummy with nausea all afternoon./evening! I may be insinuating,  but for good reason. Please be cautious! I recently ate at Cafe de Cebu and their food was much better tham DT's. I hate to compare and name drop, but for those who are craving Filipino food, I would recommend you to go there instead.
3	The service was disorganized but the servers were friendly and the manager made sure he got our food allergy issues correct. The food was served without placing plates, utensils or serving spoons beforehand. The food varies depending on the food. - Lechon kawali: 3/5, not bad.- sotanghon: subpar, just eat pancit canton at home and put your own fixings. - crispy pata was pretty good. I would order it again.- bulalalo tasted watered down and not that much flavor. -  bangoong fried rice was the star of the night. It was very delicious. Had pieces of crispy pata skin and mango slices which was a good mix of sweet and savory. Overall, I'd say that you should only come here during a drunken night or if you want some food that is two steps above fast food.
5	Great good, friendly folks and the halo halo is on point. Palabok and Chicken Adobo weren't half bad either. I would highly recommend coming here.
