5	I don't know of any other jeweler with a loyalty or marketing program like Helzberg. My husband bought me a ring for graduation a couple years ago and some jewelry on special occasions from Helzberg. Since those purchases, his name has been on their list and for our anniversary and my birthday, they have sent us cards with a free gift (have to go to store to pick up). Talk about speaking my love language! This is definitely a relationship with benefits!We've been into this particular location a few times and each time we have been met by friendly sales associates. They haven't ever pressured us to buy anything and believe me I have been known to "window shop" the jewelry cases planning my next big purchase. I've purchased other significant pieces of jewelry (e.g., husband's wedding band) at other high end jewelers and I've never received a card from them...they should take note of Helzberg and follow suit. Definitely when it comes to customer service and above-and-beyond satisfaction, Helzberg has it down!
2	We decided to start our wedding band search for both Kevin and me and this was the first jeweler we stopped at.  Gary approached us asking what we were looking for, and I told him both rings.  He showed me a few of the rings that might look good with my ring, and there was one that I liked.  He asked if he could write it up for puchase, I said no, we were just starting our search and wanted to see what was out there.  We then asked him about the men's rings, and pointed us over to men's, not showing us or giving us information on rings.  So we were back on our own.We spent a few moments looking at the men's wedding bands when we were approached by another sales person, but we turned them away just saying we were looking.  Shortly after, another lady comes over.  Kevin didn't want the help, but I asked her anyways.  Amber was a huge delight.  She showed us the different kinds of rings and tolds us the different information on the rings.  She asked us if we wanted her to write down the information on a card so we would know which ones we were interested in.  She even went back to mine to write that down, and showed me another ring she thought would match, and it did, better than the one Gary showed us!  She was happy to help us and very friendly, even though we were just looking.  She was really the one that helped us moving forward and knowing what we wanted to look for at all the other stores.One star for Gary and five for Amber.  We are not going to go back to purchase because we found ones that we loved more at another store and that were more for our budget.
2	I went in here to get my engagement ring resized.  I was so upset on the possibility of giving my ring over to strangers and the possibility of not seeing it for a while!  The staff was wonderful, and even through computer difficulties, they were really nice.  The reasoning for my two star review is for one detail of my experience here.  My fiance purchased this ring, as a surprise.  Clearly, I was never meant to know the price of this ring.  Maybe some people go pick out rings together, but I feel like mostly, grooms are picking these out for a surprise or gift etc...Well in order to get my specific ring resized they had to send it off and get an entirely different ring.  The same style etc, just a different ring that fit.  The cashier printed out the reciept and gave me a copy.  I felt very uncomfortable knowing the amount of my engagement ring and thought it to be a little classless.  Maybe this is a common practice that I am unaware of, but I did not like it.  I did enjoy the politeness and courtesy staff and overall thought this store had a great selection of products. Just a bit uncomfortable to see how much someone spent on an engagement ring!
