4	I really like this grocery store. The produce is usually fresh and they usually have everything I need in stock. It's a no thrills grocery store...meaning there's no starbucks inside...no bar...no gelato...no sushi...it's just groceries. There is a Chase bank, which is kinda hidden. I like the fact that there aren't any thrills because I think it keeps their prices low. Also, if you spend $100, you get 10 cents off per gallon at participating Shell and Circle K stations.
1	We've recently moved to the area and were eager to find a local grocery store.  To us a grocery store is a big part of the community.  Both our boys have work in groceries. we know first hand how important customer service is.This fry's is depressing. The employees treat us as if we were an  inconvenience. The deli area is frequently out of high demand food items. The produce is old or out of stock. Even though this store is less than 3 miles from my home. I will drive over twice the distance to shop at another grocery.  Simply put, this Fry's has not earned our business. A friendly greeting and thank you would go a long way. Food on the shelves and fresh produce seems fundamental.  Lack of leadership may be a starting point.
2	This is the closest grocer in the Fountain Hills vicinity for me (since I live right off of Shea and FH Blvd).I will go here ONLY if I'm lazy or if it's on my way home from work. That's it.They don't seem to have "motivated" associates here to be honest, and out-of-stock on items. The produce section makes me want to cry, as their prices are astronomical and I just don't "feel good" in there for some reason. I even feel the celery leaves are droopier in here than other grocers. In fact, I feel for the same amount of groceries, I could have saved more at Safeway being a farther drive. Like that they have a Red Box, but who doesn't these days?Chase (in-store) branch located by customer service.
1	I agree with all other reviews regarding the poor customer service skills At this location. Won't be back. They act like they don't need customers.
