1	This place is a terrible excuse for a medical practice. Took my son here a few times because it was close to my house and it was very clean and nice looking inside. The first time I went the doctor barely spent anytime with us and walked into the room wearing house slippers.... Red flag!! Nevertheless we went back a few months later bc my son was I'll again. This time the doctor who saw us wasn't actually a doctor but a pa instead. We thought my son had strep throat he looked at him for two seconds and said he would prescribe him antibiotics. I asked well does he have strep throat? The pa said I don't know and prescribed antibiotics anyway..... Pretty sure you are supposed to swab his throat and test it. When I questioned him about this he replied with a rude and snarky comment. We will never return here again. Nice exterior but inside the staff has no clue what's going on, from the front desk receptionist constantly playing on her phone, to the tatted up nurses, to the doctors and pa's with a bad bedside manner. We will not return and neither should you.
5	So far so good. Quiet, clean, fast. My wife is here for a painful foot. Staff was friendly, doctor was quick, friendly, and able to take x-rays right away. The best part was that pain medication was available from the location rather than having to find a 24-hour pharmacy.
5	I have been here twice, and on both occasions so impressed at the quality of service by the staff.  After my first visit, I received a follow-up phone call, asking how I was feeling and how I was doing. I was asked to come in for a follow-up, and so I returned for a second visit. Although the doctor I saw the second time was different from the first, she was very warm and friendly. I was happy with the service I received in person, but the follow-up calls really impressed me. I totally recommend this place to anyone!!!
4	Excellent Place!!! Very inviting atmosphere. Felt like I was in a spa or boutique. Didn't have that hospital boring feel like UMC Urgent Care. I was checked in immediately and taken care by friendly and caring staff. My son has a minor cut that required stitches. Nice Dr. and very good !!! I was pleased with the process which I have waited elsewhere for 4-5 hours. Thank you. Highly recommend for your urgent care needs.
5	I went in after falling and hurting my hand and wrist.  I was treated so kindly by the front desk and especially the nurse and doctor.  I wouldn't hesitate returning if I have another emergency.  I have gone to Urgent Care Centers in Southern California, Washington and Oregon.  Believe me when I say this place puts all of those others to shame.
1	Long wait just to get an antibiotics for strip throat wait was from 8:15am -11 am  and wasn't that busy. Im on the room and i cant hear them chatting, there is no sense of urgency what's so ever! Nurses there are not friendly,  One particular nurse (african American long hair) is really rude has an attitude problem, was talking to me like I was a little girl which was so uncalled for. Especially that She wasn't even the nurse who was helping me! She just butt in for no reason! Place is horrible I won't go there again nor recommend it recommend it to anyone. I'll look for another place.
1	I just left this place and I'm in tears.I went for back pain that I'd had for about 3 months. I mentioned an UTI that I'd had recently and the entire conversation I had with the doctor (Angelita Tan-Torres) was about the UTI and not the pain I was actually there for. She seemed like she didn't even want to sit down to hear anything I had to say. Her pen was erect and ready to write a prescription as soon as she walked in the room.She sent me away with antibiotics for a condition that she thinks I MAY have. (??)After asking the nurse if the antibiotics were going to help me with my pain, the nurse went into the hallway to ask if she could give me something for my pain she told her 'NO!', as if my pain meant nothing to her. The nurse came in to tell me I wasn't going to be given anything (no Tylenol, no Ibuprofen, NOTHING) the Dr. called her back and told her to give me a shot for the pain. Other than that they were sending off my urine sample and I needed to follow up elsewhere.I asked how long the shot would help my pain, the nurse told me apprx. 12 hours. I asked what was I supposed to do when the pain come back, and I was told to come back tomorrow if it came back.It is QUITE UNLIKELY that I'd ever come back to this place!BTW, The shot did NOT work and I am STILL in pain. I'm too scared to go somewhere else, because even if I was given something for the pain, I wouldn't know if the interaction between the two would effect me poorly because they neglected to even tell me WHAT THE SHOT WAS!I'm so disappointed , and saddened that someone would take such a important role and misuse it this way.
5	Very nice urgent care. I got In relatively fast after filing out a couple items of paperwork. They have a cash option if you don't have insurance. The doctor listened to my concerns. They have X-rays on site and are able to read them on site which is very convenient. Got my pain shot and rx and on my way. Great place.
1	Awful experience. 1. Slow registration process. Really slow. 2. The TV was on some weird channel that repeated the same commercials and weather report every 5 minutes.3. After waiting for an hour in the waiting room, I left after finding out there was only one "provider" (the receptionist is very, very careful to always say "provider" and never say "doctor") working...and that he or she was not a medical doctor.
5	My second time here. The first time I was in and out 30 min. Love the decor. Very warm feeling. Not your normal urgent care. This visit it took an hr but that's still not bad, considering wait time in lobby and seeing dr. I've waited other places and waited 2 hrs before even seeing the dr. The dr that saw me today was Mark Stevens. Very nice. And seemed concerned.  Glad I found this urgent care. I actually like it better than my regular dr office and dr. Lol
1	This place is a total joke. I came in and told them I've been vomiting for 3 days and now had a terrible headache, to which the genius doctor told me that I was dehydrated. ya think??? At that point they didn't even give me a bag of fluids. Instead, I was sent home a couple prescriptions all of which were given to me without any sort of diagnostic screening. Even though this is literally across the street light from my apartment, I don't think I would come back here if my life depended on it.
2	I went in for a prescription refill; I had no appointment.  There were 2 parties ahead of me, so I thought, "this shouldn't be along wait.  Maybe 20 minutes max before I am called in and situated in a room to have my vitals measured, then placed in an exam room."  An hour later, I was finally called in, had my vitals taken, and placed in an exam room.....Twenty minutes later, the PA walked in and asked for what I needed.  She was friendly, knowledgeable, and great.  No complaints here.  My request for a refill was taken.  She left the room.  No "I'll be back," or "I'm going to give you your script."  She just up and left without saying a word.....Another twenty minutes later, I started to feel confused as to why I hadn't received a new script for my medication.  So I peered outside to look for the PA and she was no where to be found.  Ten minutes passed as I was pacing around the room, wondering if I should grab someone's attention and ask about what was going on.Finally, at the crux of the matter--right at the point where I was going to leave and take my business to another medical office--an MA appeared by my doorway and handed me the script.  Finally.  One.hour.and.fifty.minutes.later. Sigh.  I hope this was one day out of many.
1	My experience at Urgent Extra Care started out well, but by the end I was livid. The two women at the front desk were friendly when greeting my partner and I, and were thorough in explaining the paperwork. I paid for services up front, filled out and turned in all of the paperwork, and waited for less than 10 minutes before we were called back to an exam room.After about ten minutes in there, the physician assistant briskly walked in, her eyes on the ground in front of her, mumbling her introduction. She never looked me or my partner in the eyes or shook our hands to get our names. After about 5 minutes of chatting with my partner about his issue, she informed him that he has bronchitis and she will be putting him on antibiotics and steroids. I mentioned to her that when I came to Urgent Care Extra about 9 months ago, I was given a shot of antibiotics along with the oral prescription in order to expedite healing, and asked if he would be able to get a shot of antibiotics today, as well. She said "sure" and left the room. About 5 minutes later, an assistant of some sort (I am assuming this is what he was; he didn't introduce himself by name or by title) came in and told my partner to roll over. He gave him a forceful shot in the butt cheek (which was weird.. I didn't remember my antibiotic shot being done like that), told us his medications would be brought in the room soon, handed me a survey to fill out, and then he left. I filled out the survey (everything being positive, except for the PA's non eye contact and lack of proper introduction) and anxiously anticipated us receiving the medications so we could pay for them and go. Fifteen minutes passed by and still nothing. I opened the door and stood in the doorway, eventually being seen by this assistant. He says, "I am just waiting on a signature by the PA". About five minutes later, he received it and he then brought the medications into the room. Handing them to my partner, I was astounded when he stated: "The directions for the medications are in the bag". My jaw dropped to the floor. When he walked out of the room, I exchanged a few words with my partner, and then ran out of the room to get the assistant's attention. Once I did, I told him I would like to speak to the PA about the directions. (I have NEVER been given medications or a prescription for medications by any healthcare professional followed by a "the directions are in the bag"). What was his response? "She's busy right now".I flew to the front of the office to purchase the medications, and when the receptionist repeated the cost, this assistant overheard her and said, "No, there's another $20 that needs to be on there because he got an injection of steroids". I said, "What?! I asked for an injection of antibiotics, not steroids!" And he just said, "Well, the PA ordered steroids". At this point, I was seeing red. So, I paid for the medications and quickly left, vowing to never return.
5	This is by far one of the NICEST and CLEANEST quick care centers I've been to. The interior was very nicely decorated and furnished. I liked how even the exam rooms and restroom had some sort of artwork on display. The waiting time was average- but I'm happy how my visit was very productive. Dr Joe was the one who checked on me during my visit and he was very attentive and informative; going over my urine analysis and was able to give answers for questions i had. The PA (or whatever you call her position) who checked my blood pressure was very friendly as well!
4	My usual place was closed on Saturday so I checked out this place. Was nice and clean, quiet and only a few people there. I saw a PA, which was fine cause I just wanted a strep test for my sore throat. Would have preferred a doctor if something more serious. Got some meds and throat numbing stuff. Didn't take long and the PA was good considering. I'd go back for minor stuff.
1	Even one star is too many for them. I've been sitting here for 90 minutes right now and still have not been seen when there was only 4 people before me. They have one person working front desk and one nurse...
1	Front desk staff needs a lot of "customer service training". Very rude!  What place takes your insurance information & asks to keep a credit card on file?  This place does, don't go for a physical because they REFUSE to take your insurance & DEMAND A CASH PAY!!  Drs are "weird" into homeopathic type medicine.  Find somewhere else!!
1	I have been to this location twice now and my experiences have been equally bad. First they call the person seeing you the "provider" but I don't know why they can't just be honest and say it's a physician assistant because that's what they are. Regardless, I went in to be seen for what I thought was an allergic reaction when the "provider" saw me, he barely listened to my symptoms and kept interrupting me saying "ohh I bet you had tropical fruit in a salad huh?" Or "you had nuts didn't you?", when I just told him what I had eaten he was almost saying he didn't believe me. Then when I went on to say that I've had an allergy test done 3 months ago he said it was wrong and I needed another one. The visit was literally 5 minutes with zero answers. After begging for bloodwork or SOMETHING he finally wrote me a slip. He giggled and didn't listen and looked around the room like a lost puppy rather then a provider. Being in the medical field this urgent care seems more like "practice" for these PAs than a real urgent care. To top it off, when I got labs done I called later on to see if I could add some more on due to it being the same time as my yearly blood work and the front desk staff told me "oh just tell quest they can add it". When I went to ask at quest the lady was appalled that I was told that because that's illegal to change a doctors order. Just all around a mess.
4	This is the closest urgent care to my house that accepts my insurance so this is where I go in a pinch. Got back from vacation with an ear infection so headed here. Saw a PA he was so nice! I forget his name, I wish I hadn't because good people need to be called out :/ but he lives in Mt. Charleston area. I was in/out in an hour with the rx's that I needed. I hope I don't have to go back, but if I do -- i'll go here.
