5	Everyone at Platinum Wellness has been awesome. the level of care and concern has been exemplary. The adjustments and exercises have really helped improve the quality of my daily life. Thank you Platinum Wellness!
4	Had a massage here today by buying a Groupon Now!  The facility is new, staff friendly. My massage therapist was fantastic. He oozed "I love and care about you" abundantly out of his pores. So naturally the massage was great. Some people have the touch to levitate your aches and pain . . . I definitely felt better after the massage. So much better that I went to shopping therapy after!
4	When traveling my back locked. Went here as walk-in, the chiropractor loosened my back up enough to carry on down the road. Not the best adjustment ever, but a back saver and okay adjustment.
4	I started going here when I got  a Groupon for a massage.  I really liked the massage from Stephanie.   Her massage was great.  She did a really nice job - and I'm pretty picky about my massage therapists.  When I finished my massage, there was no "pressure" to buy a massage package, but I did anyway because it was such a great massage and very well priced if you buy a pack of 5.  My only (small) complaint is that because Stephanie is really good, her schedule fills up - so it takes about 6 weeks to get an appointment if you have any schedule preference.  Overall - good massage and good value.  I'm looking forward to my next massage in a few weeks!
1	(From 2011)Constant pressure to schedule that next visit whether you need it or not. Constant indoctrination to the 'snake oil' side of chiropractic care (No, I do not have a cold because spinal misalignment is suppressing my immune system.) I tolerated it because his spinal manipulation was good. He kept telling me that he was fine with me coming in for occasional tune-ups, but in truth, he wasn't. The sales pitches grew stronger and his frustration with me increased with each infrequent visit. The last straw was having him 'chide' me in a loud voice across his office full of patients for failing to understand that I need to come in there regularly. No... You don't understand. That was the last time I will set foot in your office and you're getting a negative review everywhere I see your name.
5	Straight up, Dr Anthony is the best in the business. He has done wonders for me and my neck pain. The BEST!
5	I've seen many chiropractors all across the west coast. Dr. Infantino is hands down the best care I have received. I Highly recommend Platinum Wellness. He is just an honest doctor that truly wants to help people. I even called in on some symptoms and asked if he thought an adjustment would help. Instead of capitalizing on the opportunity to push an appointment and collect, he advised the opposite and gave me advice for things to do at home. FOR FREE.
