4	This place has gotten a makeover. They are putting in more of the natural organic type of stuff and I like that. You are always greeted here and asked if you found everything ok. This store is not ghetto like the Fry's across the street. Trust me if you go to both you will know what I mean its like a whole different world over there. Twighlight Zone comes to mind. Thats a whole other review.I had to make an emergency stop for my brother so I decided I would just get my shopping out of the way. I dont usually do Safeway so I was pleased to find organic baby food for my niece. There was live hydroponic gourmet butter lettuce, Milton's cracker's, and Pirate's Booty. Quite a few advancements since the last time I shopped here.They helped me out to my car and thats always a plus for me. Staff is always very pleasant. I wouldn't mind returning so much!
4	I like this Safeway. They are nice friendly and helpful. They seem to have everything I need everytime I go. They also have a butcher, unlike wally world, and they are always happy to grind some sheap chuck steak into great hamburger meat.
4	Don't like Safeways prices. At all. But this one has exceptionally great customer service that I absolutely love. Not saying I would give up my Fry's (oh, how I love their accept all competitor's coupons and knock all coupons up to a dollar)... but this is a good pick for someone who just wants good ol fashioned friendly service. They always offer to help me out the door, and the place is never a mess.
5	I placed an order at the bakery for an office affair.  The next day I arrived to pick it up and they didn't have the order.  It was in the book they used and some how was not seen.  The ladies behind the counter were so apologetic.  We sat over at Starbucks and waited. Within 20 mins or less the decorated cake arrived.  The lady's name was Reggie.   I understand that everyone makes a mistake, it is how you handle it is, what I am looking for.  Safeway has always been good with customer service but this took it to the next level.  Even though their is not a Safeway in my neighbor only near my place of business.  I will start doing my grocery shopping on my way home.
3	Not Bad! Best Produce in the Valley!
4	i really like this safeway! better than FRY's .... the only reason it didnt get 5 stars.. it has a POOR selection of asian ingredients.
3	I can take this place or leave it. Fry's across the street just remodeled, so I may start going there- and I used to hate doing that!The way to shop here is to look for yellow price tags which are "manager's Specials" and they are the only way you aren't going to get price gouged. If you were to do a "cart-full" grocery shop here you'd be in trouble, even with the discount card...it's just not a cheap place to shop at all.They DO have a butcher (who is never around when I shop at night) but their fish selection sucks. Don't try to get the jump on the season if you are looking for Copper River Salmon...they'll have NO idea of what you are talking about.Beer selection is divided into two aisles - major brands and imports/major brands pretending to be craft beers...you won't find craft beer here. Try the Bashas (or Magnums) on 7th St and Union instead.Beef is "Rancher's Reserve" - which is not USDA graded, so it is hit or miss. We've had GREAT steaks from here, but we have also had ones that are so-so. They guarantee tenderness...not sure flavor is guaranteed. I agree with another reviewer - the Asian aisle sucks. Pickle selection isn't great either. This is not a flagship store by any means...but they do have a bit of modern lighting, and, ususally,  decent produce - although more and more of it seems to be pre-bagged salad fixins. Sometimes, I like pre-bagged...sometimes I just want a head of romaine/iceberg at a decent price. On Saint Pat's day...I want a good deal on cabbage...is that so hard to figure out?The more I think about it, the more I like Basha's and Fry's... 2.5 stars.
2	My mom just called me and said this store is getting closed in Mid-June.
2	With Safeway it seems really hit or miss. Some branches are great, clean, fully stocked, staff helpful but other branches are the opposite. (see my review of the Central Phoenix Safeway) This store is never prepared and always seems out of stock. Plus they have shorter hours too. I dropped in around 9:30PM and they were getting ready to close down. I like Safeways selections and brands but I was disappointed with this store.
