4	I was so upset since I missed my flight so I ended up at this hotel. It was new and clean looking as soon as I walked in. Even my room was in decent shape. With the Marriott points I had and the disaster of the afternoon, they upgraded me to a king. There was this fancy overhead lights which dim on command. A sleeper, desk, and fridge was available. The other normal amenities also. Room service was actually from downstairs/ across the street at Pizzeria UNOS. Service was great except for when I left at 5a and no one was in the front. I think he was busy on the Internet. LOL.
4	My Chicago Ragnar team (50 Ways to Lose a Runner aka @50Ways2Ragnar & @50Ways2Ragnarv2) stayed at Fairfield Inn & Suites Madison East for the 2013 Ragnar Relay Series. It was incredibly convenient as it is right off I-30/90/94, a slightly easier drive and definitely better located destination than Madison West (which isn't even in Madison).It's situated in a heavily trafficked and traveled area but I slept like a baby, so you won't have to worry about too much noise. It's also just across the freeway from a large shopping center and many nearby restaurants and stores. You'll have no problem picking up any essential items you may have forgotten and grabbing a bite to eat even if it's late at night.It's about a 20-30 minute drive from Downtown Madison, which is where we went for dinner and had to pass through to get to the Ragnar starting line. We really appreciated how close it was to the starting point because it allowed Van #1 to sleep in a little bit more than when we stayed at Madison East's sister hotel. It was also perfect for Van #2 because it let them sleep in a bit later because it was much closer to checkpoint #6. Everyone was a winner!That they would have a pool and hot tub didn't even cross my mind, so I'll be sure to pack my swim suit if I ever return here.Points taken away for the shower that wouldn't drain properly. However, bonus points for giving us free toiletries when we realized we had forgotten some.
4	I've been to many Marriotts over the years ranging from Fairfields to JWs and Vacation Clubs so I know a bad Marriott when I see one. This one was up to par and made the stay comfortable for us.The staff is friendly and makes it a point to greet everyone and even engage in a little small talk. They even had a Scrabble game up on the counter for people to join in on as they passed through. I thought that was a very smart and engaging little touch.I don't know when this location was built but the rooms and building are of the remodeled or newer generation style so everything is clean and slick.Access is somewhat of a pain because their road is off of a frontage road so it's easy to get confused when trying to get to the highway or surrounding area.Overall great comfortable place to stay for a fair price while in the Madison area.
3	I stayed here twice in a short period of time in April 2014.  The first time I liked it, the second time made me join the Hilton Hhonors program and recuse myself from Marriott for a while.  I requested connecting rooms (traveling with my son and one of my parents each time).  The first time we got that, the second time we did not.  Disappointing, but it was more the way the woman checking us in clearly could not care less that my son couldn't stay near his Nana--good acting is the key to good customer service.  The second time we stayed the heat was very loud, which I didn't figure out until my son was asleep so no way to get it fixed (assuming they'd care more about that issue).  I don't much understand why housekeeping couldn't have filled out a note that the heat was broken--it was LOUD, they would have noticed.  The bathroom was very small, very.  But it was clean, the pool area was nice (although had not been cleaned during the night when we went down the next morning).  Breakfast was fine, nothing special.  I won't be staying here again.
4	Lately I've been doing a lot of business in Madison and this has become my home away from home.  Property is new and it lives comfortably for a good rate.  Great view if you get an even numbered room.  Be sure to ask for that.  Also, a very very short drive from great shops and restaurants in the East Madison area.
