3	Nice, clean location and layout, but the drive thru was really slow, especially when it wasn't busy
5	Great Mcdonalds location, very efficient employees and clean workspace. A gentleman Dominic there was very courteous about my order and actually seemed like  he cared. Very refreshing from a customer standpoint.
2	I have been coming to this location since I moved close by about a year ago. I used to enjoy the peace and quiet but just lately they changed the music to some trash that is not fit for children to hear. this is supposed to be  family dining but instead the music is loud and sickening. I like to bring my niece and nephew but lately I have been letting let bring ear. phones so they don't have listen to the music,. the staff here is young and inexperienced, everything seems so sloppy and inefficient, and the food is sub par. the only good thing here are the free WiFi and the $1.00 drinks. I hope the operator reads this and is willing to make changes. I will make a complaint to corporate if my comments go unnoticed. the ladies restroom is never clean and when they do clean its right in front of occupied tables.
4	I would like to thank the operator/owner for making some much needed changes. Now I am happy to bring my niece and nephew here. The atmosphere here is quieter and more family oriented. The food has even improved. The ladies restroom is clean most of the time and they are not cleaning or mopping anymore near the occupied tables. I have to say it's nice to listened to. The only other thing that needs improvement is the young staff. I have heard on several occasions really bad language being used. I was very surprised but was glad no little kids were around. Also the staff still tends to sit around and joke a lot and they laugh loudly it's very weird,. This is a workplace they should do their work and socialize later. :-)
2	I was really starting to enjoy coming here again but then the music came on again and it was loud. For the most part this is a nice place to come and eat, it's clean, the workers have improved a lot and the food is good. I think the music is a bit too loud because there  is no way to hold a conversation above it. I give it two stars this time because of loud music. Also if there is going to be music I think it should be either classical or instrumental. If the owner wants to improve his business he will take this and make improvements. Thanks. :)
5	I am wondering why it is necessary for it to feel like its winter inside this restaurant? it is not that hot outside anymore. I think the air conditioning should, be set at 76 or so. right now. it feels lime 30 in here.
5	Hey its too cold in here. do you want customers or penguins and polar bears to come in?
2	How come every time I come in to enjoy a meal use my tablet its so cold inside? Please adjust the temperature. thanks.
1	its too cold in the dining room and the music is way too loud.  why not make it warm and inviting and play some family friendly classical music. the workers, who are young, like the music which is hip hop and pop with some very bad lyrics and sometimes obscene language, because I have heard them mention it. they tend to sit a lot in the small two seat booth adjacent to the door that leads to the kitchen. I would like to see more attentive workers who care about the customers, remember the customer is always right! I wish that the management would keep an eye on the workers and remind them more often to use their best customer service skills. :-)
5	could be a bit more cozy if they turned up the heat a bit and offered free hot chocolate. they do do a good job with everything else. :)
1	Listening to orders is a skill the workers at this place could really use. They really messed up my Breakfast order and almost gave my food away to someone else. They did given my coffee to a guy who had ordered a senior coffee and I got his coffee. Although I did laugh I still feel like they should have asked me more questions like "Is this for here or to go?" When I ordered I really felt like the guy who was helping me was rushing me through even though it wasn't a long line. Also the place is shabbily decorated for Christmas. I have seen better. When I asked for a coffee stir stick they gave me a spoon, usually at home I use a soon at home but at a mcd's I expect to be given a stir stick.  I think some of these workers either need better training or they need to be fired for lack of work ethic and lack of customer service! When I tried to come in this morning the back entrance was locked! For shame! One last thing the cleaning person always mops right in front of occupied tables and then the people try to get out they slip and slide. This is really in considerate. PLEASE LISTEN TO YOUR CUSTOMERS! REMEMBER THE CUSTOMERS ARE ALWAYS RIGHT!!!!!!!
1	I wish I didn't have to give any stars! Honestly I am very angry right now. I ordered a salad it was wilted! Eew! They made me a "fresh"  salad but it was soggy and pretty sad looking. :( hey I know McD's is no five Star restaurant but this is so sub par it makes Burger King look good. The dipped cone I got was leaking all over my hand. Yuck!
1	Wow what a new low...cold hash browns and a cold sausage biscuit...at least the coffee was hot!  I still thing the manager needs to revamp her workers or fire them and hire some competent workers. I think I have a right to hot food... And fresh lettuce in my salads...and no food poisoning...
1	This place has weird loud music! Also its way too cold! Its 30 degrees outside at least turn up the heat a bit
