4	This place recently opened where Quizno's used to be.  My thoughts:1.  Ordering is a little unusual.  You are supposed to write your name and order on a paper bag with a Sharpie.  It would be nice to have a lectern to write on but instead you had to hold the bag on the wall to write.  Also, lots of discussion for others on how to spell foccaiu.2.  Sandwich was good.  I had pulled pork on gargonzola onion bread with creamy coleslaw.  The slaw was a bit vinegary but was good.  The bread was delicious and you could see pieces of onion and gargonzola in it.  The menu said it came with Carolina sauce but unless it was just soaking in it, I didn't notice any.  The pork was tender and tasted good.3.  For those of you from PA, you will especially appreciate the chips.  Haven't had Gibble's in years.4.  Potato salad was delicious.5.  I tried the NC vinegar BBQ sauce at the condiment bar but it was way too vinegary for me.6.  Drink size was a little small.All in all, it was good and I will go back.
3	Pretty similar review to Mike J....1.  Ordering could use some information already printed on the bag, like they do at Which Which.  If you want a standard order, you just check off a couple things and you're done.2.  I also had the pulled pork, but got it on sourdough instead.  No complaints about the sandwich, thought they had big portions for the bbq and it tasted great.3.  Thought it was funny to still see the "Q" on the floor from the previous Quizno's.4.  The purple walls almost made it a little dreary, to be honest.5.  Needed to have some white noise or music going on.  Was very quiet in the restaurant.6.  Also agree that the drink size was small.7.  A little on the pricey side for what you get, but the sandwich was good and the macaroni salad was pretty tasty too.
3	I try not to be a creature of habit...so deviated from one of my normal lunch spots to try Karma Kafe.  Service was good.  Atmosphere typical for a walk-in and walk-out sandwich shop.  A few places to sit down and eat. Looked pretty comfortable with nice views out to street...or for people watching inside the restaurant.  OK...ordered the onion soup ...had a sample... it was good.  Ordered a sandwich combination.  The Curry Chicken Sandwich normally comes with a buttery croissant....but I preferred focaccia.  See pic...very large sandwich.  Very tasty.  The onion soup came with bread....I could not chew it. So maybe I was suppose to make croutons out of it.  Since I got combo...settled for tea....had to request lemon...but host was quick to slice and deliver.  Will update later depending if I get hungry in an hour and go back for another sandwich!
5	Great brown bag sandwich shop! I had an amazing curry chicken sandwich on a croissant with lettuce and tomatoes. The atmosphere here is very casual and friendly. They even have outdoor seating, televisions, and wifi!
4	Traditional deli, great quality meats and fresh breads. Excellent home made soups. Beef on weck (buffalo fav) was done right!  Will be back for sure.
4	A tasty and eclectic sandwich/salad/soup shop that's opened recently, Karma Kafe is a welcome respite from Subway; I mean, there's only a few more times you can order a sub from the 'Way before you're just plain sick of it all.A pretty unique setup here at the Karma Kafe. You start by picking up a brown paper bag, and you write your name and your order on the bag. Plenty of specialty sandwiches to choose from - I opted for the curry chicken sandwich on a croissant, which was very tasty - but for the less adventurous, the option to build your own sandwich is also available.I especially liked how the manager took a moment and introduced himself and answered any questions I or anyone else would have about the shop. That's always a nice touch in my book, a good way to build goodwill and word of mouth, something businesses thrive for. So, yes, I'll give the KK my business on a weekly basis.Thankfully, between the food trucks and Karma Kafe, the eating choices at Gateway Village have been easier to swallow...ah, puns!
5	Felt I needed to provide an update for my 2nd visit to Karma Kafe.  I didn't make my breakfast ahead of time like normal, so on a whim I stopped in at Karma Kafe to see if they made breakfast sandwiches.  Pleasantly surprised by the choices, I usually try to stick with ham/egg/cheese breakfast sandwiches and that's what they had.  I think I saw the choices for meats were ham or turkey on the breakfast sandwiches.When I placed my order, I was asked if I wanted regular eggs, egg whites, or egg beaters.  Great selection and I ended up with an egg white (salt/pepper), ham and colby jack sandwich on a croissant.  Honestly it was one of the best breakfast sandwiches I have had in a while, and I won't think twice about stopping in if I forget my breakfast again in the future.Price-wise it was great, under $4 for the sandwich and definitely generous with the sandwich size.
5	First time here. Food and service were spot on. Definitely will return
5	Quality food, top tier ingredients, great service at very fair prices. A good place for breakfast or soup/sandwich at lunch.
5	I'm at the gateway center at least twice a week. Usually my colleagues and I eat at subway or bytes cafe. (Although we did grab a bite once at the JWU dining hall) anyways, we were growing weary of subway when someone suggested Karma. It sounded more like a nightclub than sandwich shop, but I'm so glad that we gave it a try.if you've been to which wich then you won't be a stranger to writing your name and order on a brown paper bag. It's a lot like that, but with a more mom and pop feel to it. They have a great selection of sandwiches, with fresh and quality ingredients, freshly made soups, macaroni salads, slaws, etc.. and your usual fountain drinks. You can order a combo of a sandwich and chips or macaroni or potato salad or slaw. I ordered the Cuban sandwich my first visit and the Beef on Weck the second time. Both were phenomenal. The macaroni salad was extremely fresh and delicious too. I have yet to try the soups, but my colleagues loved them. My colleagues ordered the pulled pork and loved theirs as well. I think that they also have breakfast there too.The prices are very reasonable. They even have a student discount.The food was out quick and the owner and staff are always extremely friendly. There is a decent amount of seating since most people seem to get their food to go at lunchtime. They definitely get busy during lunch so you should give yourself enough time. All in all, this place is easily my favorite for lunch around the Gateway area. I would definitely recommend to anyone in that part of town for lunch.
5	What else need to get a 5 star .... Great service ...  Awesome and Quality food .... Affordable price ... I like this place ....
5	This has to be the best sandwhich place in Charlotte if you are a foodie. If you like Subway stay away because this is the real thing. I've had several sandwiches on the menu and the soups usually to die for.
4	Great people. Quick service. I have tried the BBQ sandwich and the chicken curry. Chicken curry is excellent. I would prefer a heavy hand on the curry, but their moderation is still pretty good. I wasn't too big of a fan of the BBQ sandwich. There's something about the slaw and the BBQ that takes away from a potentially amazing flavor. Other than that, great place for lunch.*I recently tried their jerk tuna. My fav so far! Very light on the mayo, little kick to the tuna, and the bread it comes on makes it #1 tuna sandwich for me!I gotta say, I appreciate friendliness, but man does the owner constantly chat up people! It's like dude! I'm on lunch break!!! And NO! I don't want to try the meatball sandwich!!
4	I'm pretty sure I was the only one of perhaps 20 customers in this joint that the staff did not know by name. This could be a testament to the fact that folks in the South really are friendlier, or perhaps it's just because Karma Kafe's food is damn good and people keep coming back for it. I think it's some sort of combination of the two, because the staff here is absurdly nice, and they really did make me an excellent sandwich. I thoroughly enjoyed my Cuban, although in my experience authentic Cuban bread is soaked with butter before serving. I don't need anymore butter though, so i'll take it. The Beef on Weck is also a winner, although SOME PEOPLE think they need a bit more horsey sauce. But SOME PEOPLE are pretty picky about the sandwich that other people drove through the rain, bought for you and brought back for you to eat in comfort though, too.
5	Simply put Karma Cafe is the perfect breakfast and lunch restaurant!  I have had the pleasure of trying everything on the menu and each time I have been surprised by how great each item has tasted. The mix of great food and the friendly welcoming staff makes it a place that you must try. It should be your daily stop for breakfast and lunch if your in the uptown Charlotte area looking for great food and service. I highly recommend the pork belly blt and clam chowder soup, I promise you won't regret it.
5	I went here on an off-day: literally, they were supposed to be closed but the owner decided to open it up himself. He regretted it because he was slammed and couldn't find the time to prepare coffee, have people pay, make food etc. One of the customers prepared the coffee, the owner cooked and everyone else ate and paid together at the end. Sounds annoying, right? WRONG! The owner is so nice and conversational that no one minded waiting. I love the laid back atmosphere, the sincerely friendly attitude, the quality food items, the interesting menu choices and the prices! I had a breakfast sandwich and it was great for only about $2. This is definitely my new  breakfast spot thanks to the food and the owner! It really says a lot when your customers are willing to go behind the counter and make coffee!
5	I cannot say how much I adore this place! Breakfast here is awesome, I love that you can chose different breads, and its made right in front of you. Lunch is even better, their tuna is by far my favortie but I LOVE the baked potato salad, tasty and filling for on the run, soups are delish as well. Staff is friendly and Craig the owner makes you feel like you've known him for years!! I've talked to his staff and I knwo for sure that he treats every single one of them like family and it shows because they are always happy to be there. Love this place and you must go if your in the area!
2	I've tried Karma Cafe a couple times and although the staff is super friendly, I still think that the portions are smaller than usual and pricing a bit more than it should be. On my first visit I ordered a very delicious chicken salad that I ordered to go and was still hungry after eating and paying $11 for that and a drink. For my second visit, I received a SMALL cup of soup and chewy BLT with wimpy bread for $11.40. I'd rather go to Bytes across the street or Cedar St. to get more for my money.
3	Stopped by today looking forward to my first try....sign on the door said they have permanently closed.  It also said look for their food truck coming soon.
