5	I have been going to Icon since I moved here last year but failed to be a good Yelper and add it to my reviews! I know...it's a yelp crime!Living in snowbird central, I was worried about a salon in this area in fear that I would come out looking like one of the Golden Girls. I never thought I would find another stylist like my hockey playing hairdresser in Dallas (yes...weird).  But, low and behold the hair gods were smiling down on me and led me to this fine establishment.The staff here are accommodating, friendly, and knowledgeable in their products.  The salon carries Bumble & Bumble (a fave of mine!) and Aveda products.  Erica is my stylist and she is wonderful.  Quick, precise, and very friendly.  I did have to go to Omar over Christmas because I waited until the last minute to get an appointment with Erica, and I have to admit I was scared.  It's almost a crime to cheat on your hairstylist, but she understood.  Omar was very nice and did a great job on my hair as well.They keep a little card on your styles, hair colors, treatments, preferences and all that good stuff so that when you come in there is no mystery as to what has been done to your hair.  It's like a hair diary just for you!This is a great little salon with talented and courteous staff.  Next time you're out of the city and in the middle of nowhere, check it out!
5	I am super anal about who touches my hair, but once I find someone that does an exceptional job, i like to be able to go in and tell them to do what they think would look the best on me.  I have found very few hair dressers who have lived up to this in the many places I have lived (New York, Michigan, Italy, Arizona and San Francisco).  Natasha at Icon is one out of three that I have found.  She does an amazing job on cut and color.  The salon is much more relaxing than most others.  I hate coming out of a salon and feeling lightheaded and disoriented from all of the heat, chemicals and chaos that goes on in most salons.  When I come out of Icon I feel relaxed and refreshed.  The owners are super nice which definitely contributes to the positive ambiance of the salon.   Icon deserves five stars due to their exceptional product, positive ambiance and excellent customer service.
4	Love, love, love this place -Jennen is fabulous!they have great products, friendly staff, and delightful refreshments --- so good!
4	I've only been there once, but I liked it and got a good hair cut. They fixed my hair after I had a less than great cut elsewhere. Convenient location, nice shop, reasonable pricing (similar to everywhere else). I will return and may change my rating to 5 stars after I know them better!
4	I recently moved 45 minutes away from my old stylist, and since I want to immerse myself into this new part of town as much as possible I decided to skip the hike and find a new tress dresser. Icon is in the same shopping plaza as the Most Beautiful Target in the World and having read the great reviews, I decided to give it a shot after noticing that my ends were drier than a popcorn toot. I was thrilled when the owner herself cut my hair!This woman tamed my choppy, uneven, hadn't-been-trimmed-in-a-shameful-amount-of-time tresses and whipped them into something worthy of Kate Beckinsale, without sacrificing length. Having straight hair, I've never been tempted to go somewhere for a blowout before but find myself seriously considering it for the beautiful silky styling she did. (Hair dryer/round brush coordination is not my forte.) She even complimented my haircolor-from-a-box and didn't try to upsell me on her own coloring services, although I will definitely use her if I decide to get highlights or go lighter.The salon itself is super clean and does not have that gross chemical smell that many places do. It looked like they were using Aveda and Prive products exclusively.Pricing was on par with a high quality salon in Scottsdale. I wound up spending $90 for a cut and style, tip and a bottle of product that I LOVE (which I believe added $25-$30 to the total) - plan on around $65 for a cut with tip and no product.I will definitely be back!
5	FANTASTIC salon!  Went in for a Brazilian Blowout (I have extremely unruly, curly hair) and a cut; the service is friendly and professional.  The atmosphere is comfortable.  Radhika is delightful!  The Prive line of products is also amazing...on my thick hair, it still doesn't take much to shampoo/condition, and it smells GREAT!  I'm definitely a fan!
1	the owner likes butcher your haircut and color, then likes to argue with you on whether or not you lied to her about how you wanted your hair. Not worth the price or the time.  BEWARE!!
5	I am REALLY particular about my hair, as I'm sure many are.  So when my mom and I moved here from Cali there was some extensive searching done for the right salon/stylist and this is the one!  They use GOLDWELL hair color (which is the best) and the stylists just know what they're doing.I've been to Jennen for color - she did exactly what I needed done, more of a natural look without the big chunky highlights.Lo (blond Lauren) did my hair cut - I didn't want a lot taken off, but my hair was dead.  She cut just enough to make my hair healthy and give me a fresh look and I love the styling techniques!Morgan has done a style for me.  I showed her a picture and she exactly what I wanted!  AND the curls stayed for 2 days with hardly any hairspray, through sleep and basic everyday activities!They also sell the complete line of Aveda makeup which is convenient for me! :)Lucky find in the Summit Center next to Safeway and Pei Wei
5	Loved Marni.  Very patient and professional.  Wanted a new style for a new home.  She helped me through the styling process and what I needed to get to my long term goal.  Just got back so if it looks this good after a few days of my untalented hand, then I'll change it to a five star.  Now she's also done the most beautiful eyebrow wax...so I've changed it to a 5 star.  Well deserved!
1	My family and I were in the shopping plaza this morning.  Our 4 year old son needed a haircut so he and I walked into the salon and asked if they could do a children's haircut.  Instead of a "good morning", a smile, and an answer to the question, the lady sitting at the front desk replied, "we don't do children's prices".  That wasn't my question and her delivery was such that I felt like I was somehow being judged financially.  It gave me flashes of Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman when she was trying to buy a dress.  I didn't care about the price.  I was asking a question because some salons prefer to not do such a young person's hair.  Your salon missed out on 2 clients today and a lesson in etiquette and good customer service is needed by those greeting customers as they walk in the door.
2	Disappointing. Color was not done well. Thus expensive for the results.   Gray was not covered. Friendly. Clean
5	This is a year and half after the last review of 5 stars.  It's still 5 stars.  I have friends in other parts of the country that love my hair color so much, they want to come and have Marni do theirs.  It's the most natural blonde imaginable...and I'm a natural brunette (until I turned gray!) I actually fly back for hair color in the summer.
