1	How does this place stay in business? It's never a good shopping experience here and I've never seen it busy. Coming here, I feel as if I'm raiding the owner's personal collection. You're not allowed to browse and he will frequently tell you so.One time I asked the owner to order something for me and he REFUSED because he would "only make $1 off it." So I went to G-Mart and they ordered it for me instead.Conversations with the owner are bound to be interesting -- like the fact that he wants to have a funeral pyre when he dies -- but most people I know are made uncomfortable by going there. Apparently our two kinds of geek do not mesh.G-Mart has a better selection and the employees are helpful and funny.
3	If you told me Matt Groening based at least some of Comic Book Guy and his Android's Dungeon on Other Realm, I would totally believe you. I have had many friends tell me I am brave that I would shop there and that they went in once and would never go back. I totally understand this. The owner is kinda scary (take Comic Book Guy, add 10 years, gray hair, biker mentality, and crazy stories), and if you don't join in his crazy conversations, he kinda acts like he doesn't want you there.I will explain my 3 stars though. Other Realm gets one star for convenience (so close to campus that you can just walk there after class), one star for a very well stocked quarter bin FULL of great reads, and one star for an awesome Free Comic Book Day policy (instead of giving away the books every one else does, he stockpiles books that didn't sell too great during the year and you can take one of each).Overall, go to Other Realm if convenience is your biggest factor. If you have a car, go to G-Mart.
4	I really liked Other  Realm.  The owner was funny and gregarious.  You see, I have a comic addiction, and I hadn't gotten my fix since I left San Diego, over a month and a half ago.  So I was needing some comics, man.  The owner, Mark, was sitting in front of his store in a folding chair, smoking a cigar, soaking up the sun when I walked by.  I asked if he was open and he led me right in.  The store is well laid out, and Mark told me that he could get me any major comic I'd like that wasn't in stock for no additional charge.  That struck me as fair, and definitely do-able.I liked it, so keep my review in mind with the other Yelp reviews.
3	When I first moved to CU I attended the U of I and this was the most convenient place to get comic books. I have to say I found the shopping experience to be generally unpleasant. There were times when the owner acted as though he didn't want you there. As time went by (and I started spending more money) he did get much friendlier for the most part. The thing is your shopping experience fluctuated based on his mood in any given day. It's by no means a bad shop but my overall shopping experience at G-mart has been better so it's hard for me to give it better than an "average" review.
1	I was in this shop once when I was picking up my girlfriend. She was still finishing her final paper after a 2 week crash course that kicked off her graduate school education. Mind you I said grad school, yes I am a fully grown man in his early thirties with a girlfriend who is in grad school. Not a 18 year old undergrad with no money. I was just killing time and saw this shop. I stopped in to browse, as I was browsing I knelt down to get a better look at some books on the bottom shelf grabbed one to figure out what exactly it was,  this takeing maybe a full 10 seconds. Mind you I'm kneeling (not a comfortable position that I would stay in for long) and the guy behind the counter comes tells me that your not allowed to sit on the floor and read. I look at him like Huh?! I explain I am kneeling and wasn't even reading just looking. He points to a sign and says "those are the rules" rather rudely. I take the 3 books I had in hand (and was planning on buying) put them back on the shelf and walk out. I haven't been treated that bad in a store since I was 12. Judging from the other reviews this guy isn't very friendly and his store is kinda dirty. I mean really when was the last time you dusted dude? Your little model cars on the wall were filthy.
