4	My Dad and I decided to try Talavera after they extended their Restaurant Week deal through the end of the year.  We arrived for a late dinner and were received by the hostess, who was thoroughly un-friendly, especially by Four Seasons standards.  Then it took over 5 minutes for our server to come over and tell us she'd be back soon to take our order.  We were a little worried that the service would be totally abysmal, but we ended up with a different server after that, but she was terrific.  We ordered the 3-course meal for $39 per person, and she nicely agreed to substitute the chocolate dessert, as chocolate keeps me up late at night.  Our first course was a salmon pastrami, and I think we were both curious to see what that meant, but it was just like it sounds - smoked salmon, peppered around the edges, and they curled it, stood it up, filled it with fresh crab meat, and drizzled citrus vinaigrette on the plate, with a side of haricots vert.  The main course was a lamb chop, with a side of a grain similar to cous-cous, although they called it something else.  The lamb was juicy and the sauce complemented it very well.  Finally, for dessert, we had the creme brulee with fresh berries and the apple pie.  Both were delicious, but my only complaint would be that the creme brulee was a little too sweet, and the dough on the pie a little too salty.  All-in-all, it was a very nice meal, in a beautiful setting.  The dining room is elegant, with a Southwestern flair, a long outdoor fire, and views overlooking the mountains and the whole city below.  It might not be one of the most progressive or acclaimed culinary destinations in the Valley, but this special pricing is a good deal for what you get, and the food is great.
5	Yelp has a dearth of Scottsdale reviews on fine dining. So it stands to reason that places with only a small handful of 4 or 5 star reviews are met with a bit of skepticism. I wasn't too sure what to expect as we headed into Talavera. All I knew was that it was at the Four Seasons, so we could expect it to be pretentious and expensive. But would it be good??A resounding YES. This place was hands down the best dinner we had our entire 4 days there. My monstrous rib-eye was cooked perfectly and bursting with flavor. It did not even need the smattering of gorgonzola butter that came with, I would have easily devoured this beauty all on its natural own. My husband's duo-lamb specialty was eaten with great reverence, and that plate was almost licked clean.A sweet, electric pink prickly pear blended margarita was a nice surprise in a fancy atmosphere that looked like it was made only for expensive wines. Try the Olive bread with the gorgonzola and red pepper spread. Skip the sides if you don't have the room. The ham mac n' cheese was good but I've had better. The charred corn was good, but again, I've made better. Save your appetite for the main event.The view here is simply astounding, there is no other way to say it. See my photo. If you are evening dining, you absolutely must sit outside, hopefully along the glass wall to get the best view of the grounds and valley.My steak was so good that I didn't even save room for dessert, which is virtually unheard of if you know me. Nevertheless, our tireless and friendly waiter presented the check with two little cheesecake bites on a stick covered in a shell of white chocolate. A perfectly sweet end to a fabulous pre-Anniversary dinner.Oh....and the only thing pretentious was the people sitting next to us demanding their wine, proclaiming their unhappiness, and denouncing our extremely harried (yet competent) server. Seriously, again...what is up with all the bitter people vacationing in AZ??
5	Had a great meal here on 4th of July....could see fireworks all across the Valley from our table, and had a superb meal.  I had heirlooms and burrata, to start, the filet mignon, and nice Pinot.  Every course was delicious, including the bread, and dessert was quite a pleasant experience.  The croquettes were borderline life-changing (in a good way), as were the hazelnut, chocolate creme lollipops that came with the check.  Waitstaff was classic 4S in terms of hospitality, and seemed like quite bunch of foodies themselves.
5	The Scottsdale dining scene really impressed us during our stay and Talavera was one of the best. The restaurant is beautiful and they have both outdoor patio and indoor seating. They also have a few wine cellar table where they have wine tastings during the week for resort guests, a nice bonus that we made sure to take advantage of. The menu took advantage of local produce and suppliers and we feasted. We started with a few salads, the heirloom tomato and burrata and the goat cheese, beets and arugula. Our salads were both great and the cheese and produce were fantastic. Great starts, but it was the entrees we were really looking forward to. Typically when we go out, it's surf and turf. Seafood for my wife and nice cut for me. So much to choose from on this menu. Duck breast, lamb chops, bone in ribeye....hmmmm. I ended up having the Buffalo tenderloin with smoked bacon and a cherry sauce. I must have made the right choice as this arrived perfectly bloody and juicy and the bacon was so tasty.(mmm bacon) My wife had the tuna and it was very good too. A la carte sides were interesting and we added the charred corn to our feast. The view, service and presentations were all impeccable. Seriously, you are at the FS and it is a treat. They really took great care of us and the other diners (like the couple celebrating their anniversary next to us). Talavera was a treat and a perfect start for our culinary tour of your fine city.
5	Oh Ma Gawd! Samantha needs to get her sweet little ass to Talavera. Then she would have her best meal so far. This certainly ranks as one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. From the lobby of the masculine Four Seasons (like Ralph Lauren masculine, not Martina Navratilova masculine) to the bar to our own private dining room, everything was simply outstanding. Chef Frank Robertson had prepared a special seven course meal for our party, we just had to select our own entree and the decision was agonizing. I went with lobster served with corn, baby squash and cabbage. Perfection! Preceding my entree we had three amuse bouche; Blue Fin Tuna Poke, Sesame, Avocado ; Heirloom Tomato and Burrata, Basil, Orange Olive Oil, Balsamic and I'll be darned if I don't remember the third. Did I mention we had predinner cocktails? Belvedere and freshly squeezed grapefruit juice for me and a round of Absolut LA drinks for most of the others. And the wine. It was pouring like Morton salt. My favorite was a Carneros Pinot Noir. Like drinking liquid velvet! Other foodies raved about the filet, the scallops and the sea bass. Prices for entrees ran from high 20s to mid 40s. Worth every penny. Dessert for us were several plates of sweets...small pieces of various delights from truffles to cakes and pecan bites. I felt like Lucy on the chocolate factory line. Dare I say I stashed a few in my cleavage for the ride home? Misc:Service was five stars all the way. Thanks to all who made our party special.The long fire "pit" outside is fabulous.Views of the Valley....uh...maze...ing!Cloth handtowels in the restrooms. Nice touch. Cotton is afterall the fabric of our lives. Chocolate does tend to melt when nestled between your shirt and your chest. Cheers my yelpitas. Here's to a fabulous winter in Arizona!
5	Simply put, the finest dining experience of my life. We were seated by the window, which had a beautiful wall of fire just outside it. The service was perfect--great timing, attentive without hovering, good suggestions. Everything was perfect, from the wine to the gnocchi. I wish I could afford to eat there more often.
5	I loved this place! Tried pok belly for the first time, I could eat that til the day I die. The veal porterhouse was amazing. I had the pecan crusted venison....loved. However, our server was less than tolerant of my friend who was 84 years old. He normally tips 40 to 50 percent. He got 20 percent and was lucky.
4	What a wonderful patio!  The best cocktail I have had in ages, the LA Thymes.  And dinner was DELICIOUS!  Perfectly cooked filet.  The only thing I would say is the atmosphere is a  touch stuffy and the wine rec was lack luster.  Good food and good service!
5	Great
5	Impressive! Great menu with tantalizing ambiance. Sat by the fire and made for a spectacular evening. My wife had the wedge salad and I had the lobster and corn chowder. Both were regally presented. Nice collection of wines and a great assortment of craft beers. Lobster was mediocre, a bit chewy based on the bite that my wife gave me. Veal porterhouse melt in my mouth. Overall one of the better restaurants I went to on my tour of Scottsdale.
4	The food was amazing and the portions were a nice size. I had the veal porterhouse and my boyfriend had the bone in pork chop. If you sit outside you can look out over the horizon and see the desert fade into the city lights. If you hit it just right you can watch a beautiful sunset as you eat. The restaurant was romantic and interestingly decorated. Once it gets dark you also have an opportunity to see a swarm of bats flying over head, which was cool and frightening at the same time.   The only complaint was our server. When we arrived my bf had a bit of an upset stomach and we asked the server for a glass of ginger ale, he made a disgusted face but went to retrieve it. He never told us about any of the specials on the menu and we rarely saw him throughout the meal. He did say he would be assisted by someone and she was lovely. Our server's fingers were chewed to bloody messes and we were the ones making disgusted faces when he pointed to something on the menu.
5	My husband and I went to Talavera at the Four Seasons on our honeymoon. We were staying at the hotel and this was the only restaurant in the surrounding area. It was SUPERB. Everything from the bread, to the salad, to the appetizers, entrees down to the dessert was impeccable. When the waitress found out it was our honeymoon, she had the chef make us not one but TWO different personalized desserts to celebrate. It was a beautiful night, we sat outdoors and there was a roaring fire as well as heat lamps (it was November, so a bit chilly but beautiful). The food was outstanding, and the service was great. Can't wait to go back!
5	We went here for my wife's birthday, and it's a rare 5-star review for me. They scored on food, presentation, service and atmosphere. We sat indoors - it's a bit hot out still - and loved the decor, including the fun pillows on our large booth seat. Service was prompt, friendly, and attentive - but we never felt rushed. They make a killer mango mojito that perfectly balances the mango, lime and rum flavors. The kurobuta pork was perfectly prepared. And after having some disappointing lobster (in Maine of all places) the Maine lobster here was done just right - firm but not tough. They serve it "lazy style" and did a great job with both claw and tail meat coming out perfectly. A special birthday souffle topped the evening off. Expensive but absolutely worth it for a special occasion.
1	Had dinner last night at Talavera.  Very disappointed.   Restaurant is beautiful with high end touches.   Poor marks for food quality and service.   My medium rare buffalo tenderloin was significantly overcooked.   No pink was visible.   The veggies, on the contrary were undercooked.   The carrots were warm on the outside and cold in the middle.    I never send food back but was ready to make an exception in this case.   However, the waitstaff was nowhere to be found.  After receiving my entree 40 min elapsed before anyone followed up to see how we were doing.   I don't necessarily blame the servers as they seemed to be significantly understaffed.   I expect much, much more from an expensive restaurant at a Four Seasons resort.   Extremely disappointing.
2	We went to Talavera for restaurant week and the experience did not inspire me to want go back and pay full price for a meal.  The setting is magnificent but it can't make up for uneven service and just okay food.  We sat at the table for nearly 15 minutes before ever getting a menu or a glass of water--when we finally did get to order, the bottle of wine took an inordinately long time to come out.  The service did get better as the night went on--but the damage had been done.--and the food--it was just okay--not bad but I was expecting knock my socks off from a restaurant at this level. I have no strong interest in driving from central Phoenix for just okay food--when I can get great food in my own neighborhood for a fraction of the proce.
2	I'd been wanting to go to Talavera ever since I fell in love with a scallop they served at West of Western (pre-Devoured) and, finally, seized the opportunity with Restaurant Week.Most definitely it's a 5 star setting: the view, the decor, the live music on the patio.I would give the food a solid 3.5 stars. Based on the restaurant week menu, I enjoyed a scallop (that's what I came for, after all!) which was as good as I remembered, complimented by rich, meaty bits of short rib and diced potato. My main course was the pork tenderloin: a more than generous portion of pork cooked medium. The description said it would be served with acorn squash, fall greens and queen creek fig balsamic. The balsamic was merely a plate garnish and did nothing for the flavor profile (which I found disappointing, as I was really looking forward to it) and the squash sure tasted more like potato than squash. I finished with the Madagascar vanilla flambrulee. The shallow dish was delivered and the sugar crystals brought to flame right at my place. Very dramatic. The other desserts were only even more amazing! A cheesecake served between two pieces of brioche to look like a slider paired with "fries" made of funnelcake and a raspberry coulis "ketchup," stealing the show.Hands down, this place hits desserts out of the park! The idea of coming here for dessert in a romantic setting is easy to conceptualize! I would give 5 stars for dessert alone. Unfortunately, service, while cheerful and courteous, was slow. Particularly in the beginning when it took at least 15 minutes for menus and water to be brought to the table -- and that was after a request that someone be notified (aka reminded) that we had been seated. The restaurant week menu looked like an eye exam - confusing and very difficult to read.The drink prices were probably the biggest deterrent. $16 glasses of wine or margaritas just made me think of other places I could enjoy a meal as good, if not better, and either bring my own or pay less. Not to mention, phenomenal crafted cocktails prepared by "celebrity" mixologists found closer to home! (Don't even get me started on the $6 iced tea!)We wound up with a $68 bottle with little or no encouragement from our server, despite the fact that they were supposedly offering a summer 'Wine Down' program with 35 wines that are discounted at 35% off. I didn't notice any mention of that at the time.If I ever give up drinking, maybe I'll come back. Otherwise, my Talavera experience may have been a one night stand...
4	I came here for a work dinner while staying at the resort and had a lovely time.  The food was quite good, but I wasn't blown away.  Although, this may have been partially attributed to the fact that there was a pre-selected menu for our group dinner and none of the items were things that I would generally order. The rolls that they serve with dinner are delicious and the dessert was my favorite part of the meal.  We all had the creme brulee, which was set on fire as it was served to us, creating a mouthwatering aroma of burning sugar. Mmmmm.  Oh, and it tasted just as good as it smelled!  We were lucky enough to sit on the patio (with the aid of some heat lamps) and were able to enjoy both the fantastic view and the massive fireplace. Overall it was a great experience between the good food, great service, and beautiful patio atmosphere.
5	We had a private dinner in what appears to be a wine refrigerator.  The sommelier popped in from time to time to retrieve a bottle.  He wasn't intrusive and it was actually kind of amusing.  Pashminas and blankets are provided for those who felt chilly.  Excellent seafood platter as a starter.  I devoured a healthy serving of foie gras and had a fabulous pork chop as my main.  We shared all the sides, gruyere potatoes are outstanding.  I was too full to sample the gorgeous pie but did partake of a light and tasty frozen lemon meringue strawberry dessert.  Oodles of delicious champagne and wine.  I was a bit suspect that I would find truly fine dining outside of major metropolitan cities but am happy to report I was wrong.
4	Delicious food and wonderful ambiance.  The service was really slow, especially at the beginning, but they may have been short handed.  They more than made up for it with the courses.  Kind of pricey, but worth it, especially considering it's a resort restaurant.
5	The view was amazing, the drinks were wicked expensive (albeit tasty), the food was fantastical and the ambiance on the patio was pretty darn romantic. My water glass was very small but was NEVER empty as we seemed to have a team of people tending to our table (party of 7). Also, the cheesecake lollipops at the end of the meal were an added bonus and I'll be making the hour long treck up there again just for those little suckers!! Worth the drive, worth the money! Loved it!!!
5	I fell in love last night!Thank goodness to Restaurant Week, otherwise I might not have tried this place.  It is quite a hike from where I live, but then again, what isn't?The drive up to the resort to get to the restaurant is beautiful, so you sitting outside on the patio is a no brainer.    We were greeted kindly by the hostess and seated immediately.  I started with the mango mint julep.  The bread was so soft and moist.  Next, I had the tuna carpaccio with pork belly croutons.  That is basically having the best of both worlds.  Next I had the Bison Short Ribs with Mushroom demi glaze and crab mashed potatoes.  I have this rule about overeating, but I had no choice to ignore it.  The only thing I wish was different was that I would have liked more of the mushroom demi glaze.I boxed my dessert since I was already sooo full, but did of course have some of my husbands.  The creme brulee was delicious.  I can't wait to go back!
5	Everyone has that fantasy meal, the one you think about when you are chowing down that nice healthy bowl of oatmeal.  Well Talavera has that fantasy dish and can clearly get me through a bowl of oatmeal, let me explain....If I took your finger and had you blindly point it to anything on Talvera's menu you would succeed in choosing an excellent meal.  Every course of food was excellent here.  I personally had a salad here that I will never forget.  Yes fresh figs and candied pecans on greens made a nice mix.  The delicious short rib main course with crab meat mash potatoes.  Finally the creme brulee with open flame to caramelize the top.  What a play on visual and taste appeal.  As for the location, nicely appointed on the mountains so that the outdoor seating is a must here.  Nice views of Phoenix and the mountains and this must be put on your list to take a special someone here.If you are looking for a place that you can enjoy the views, eat excellent food, and share with someone you love please take them here.  You will have a great experience and great memories.
2	I'm thinking it was just an off night, but for this kind of money, off nights aren't really acceptable. First, it took forever just to get anyone to approach out table - no water, no menus, no offer of very expensive wine or drinks (and we wanted them!). Not particularly busy either, so I'm not sure what was going on.When we did get some service, we asked about wine and the waitress (although nice) didn't have much knowledge about the Pinots we asked about. Boo. Last time we dined here, the server gave us the most amazing wine experience along with the amazing meal.Moving on to the first course, my husband and I both ordered the iceberg wedge salad. Hard to go wrong with that, right? Nope. Worst part of the meal. Not only did it not have the avocado promised, but it was completely devoid of dressing. Further, the applewood smoked bacon was 100% fat and inedible. Avocado was brought out by the server's assistant, but we sort of gave up on the rest. Blech.The main dishes were excellent and well prepared, so we were all getting back to the happy spirit. Then came dessert and coffee. My husband started to order the same thing as I had (chocolate souffle) but then we agreed to get two different desserts and share them. He initially considered the banana bread pudding, then changed his mind and went with the PB & J chocolate cake since I don't like bananas. Out came the banana bread pudding, naturally. Also, the souffle is not at all rich in chocolate or the least bit memorable - definitely not worth the calories. Another member of our party had ordered coffee earlier in the meal and received a nice presentation of sugars and cream. When I later ordered decaf with the dessert and asked for cream and sugar, the server's assistant asked me if I could just use my friend's leftovers (and they were truly left over - not all that much to work with as the coffee is very strong and needs lots of both). Is it really that hard to bring a new presentation of sugar and cream with the $700 dinner? I think not. The setting, view and atmosphere are absolutely second to none, but overall, we were pretty disappointed and doubt we will go back unless we feel pretty sure this was just an off night.
5	We often frequent the Four Seasons Scottsdale, and always make a point of dining at Talavera. In addition to the great ambiance and gorgeous views, the food and service are sensational. The steaks and seafood are prepared to perfection, and their wine list is second to none. The chefs (Mel and Jesse) do a great job with creativity and quality. In addition to the food, Talavera is a special place because of the people that work there. Susan is our favorite food server of all time, and she is an absolute joy to talk with. She anticipates our every need. If Susan has the night off, ask for Penny or any of the other food servers as they all do a great job. Whether it's a special occasion or simply a night out, Talavera is a great experience.
5	Everything we had was delicious and well worth the money. Staff was attentive but did not pressure or rush us. The lamb and the bison are both great, and the other courses were up to par. It's a special treat for the money, but worth every penny and every minute that you're there.
4	Loved the presentation of the food. Everything was so unique! We had a nice view outside as well. Our server was friendly even after we only had water for a beverage.We had the lobster bisque, filet, short ribs, a side of mashed potatoes, and the creme brulee dessert. Everything was great! The creme brulee had a bit too much of an alcohol taste to it.Oh, and the bread given at the beginning was delicious!!!
1	The 1 star goes to the waiters that were very sweet and the view was breathtaking, other than that everything was horrible, my husband & I along with another couple decided to go there for Valentines Dinner, what a huge mistake that was, there was a fixed 5 course meal with absolutely no options or substitutes, usually fixed menus at least gives an option to choose between 2 or 3, but not this place. There was alot of dairy and pork on the menu, where my husband could not eat, so they tried to bring something else, but it was awful, we asked for bread, it was soft but they were simple dinner rolls, nothing special, in other words we just kept ordering more bread because the food was just plain nasty, i mean come on, one of the courses was a pear with mascarpone cheese inside, maybe there are a few people who may like that, but I know that majority would never order that, how can they add that to a fixed menu, its beyond me!!!! The main course was a steak, which was burnt but raw inside, i mean it was so chewy where my jaw started to hurt me, at that point I couldn't stay quiet anymore so I complained to the server and he seemed to sympathize with me, and gave me a look like I was not the 1st one to complain that night, another server said that their menu is so much better on a regular night, but that didnt matter to us because we were already there, they did try to compensate and brought out a few extra pieces of lobster but the worst part was ofcourse the bill, we paid wayyyyyy too much and I felt horrible because I made the reservations. Safe to say I will NOT be returning to that place, and I was veryyyy disappointed, probably would have had a better meal at McDonalds or something.
5	One of the best restaurants in Phoenix w/ gorgeous views! The quality of food is outstanding as well as the service. We went last night for our anniversary and had a wonderful experience. I would even say it is better than Mastro's restaurants! Eat here you won't be disappointed.
2	We were excited to try this restaurant.  It was not too busy and it had a descent view. I had the 20 oz ribeye and my girlfriend had a New York steak.My steak looks a lot smaller than 20 oz but that's probably better for my health.  The steaks were served on a metal skillet . It was kind of weird and does not feel high end.I really think other steakhouses down the street is a lot better for the same price.Probably wont go back again.
2	Not four seasons worthy! Food was salty and amateurish, as was the staff. the transition from the bar to the restaurant was awkward. Our sides came after the main dish had been eaten and they were the wrong side dishes, which might have been ok if the entire salt shaker had not been dumped into it!  The only saving grace was the manager who realized how awful the service and food were.  Don't bother driving that far north, stop when you get to Mastro's.
5	Ambiance on a Fall evening is amazing. Was introduced to the restaurant courtesy of Phoenix Restaurant Week. Our entire party of 5 thoroughly enjoyed the food. The service was first rate. Would highly recommend and I'll be back soon!
4	Yum! We were here for Restaurant Week, and the mister was definitely glad he forgot to make reservations elsewhere. Sat down at their last available table outside and noticed a couple near the edge getting ready to leave. We mentioned it to our hostess and were told that we could move momentarily. Awesome! Our table was quickly snatched up as soon as we moved, so their willingness to accommodate us was appreciated. Love their little plate with an assortment of water flavorings. Cucumber, lemon, and lime slices - one of each per guest at the table. Started out with the beet salad. So good! The candied pecans had the perfect amount of cinnamon in the glaze. The mister had the lobster bisque. He was a little disappointed that there wasn't more lobster (only one decently-sized piece in the bowl), but liked it well enough. They took our drink orders before bringing the first course, and when I ordered two different glasses at different times, the server (maybe the somm? A different server than the one who took our orders) knew which courses I had ordered and clarified the foods. Top notch service right there. We added on the beef carpaccio appetizer between the first course and our entrees. It was good, but not quite what I was expecting. Their seven-minute fried egg didn't live up to my expectations. Very little yolk still runny, plus the breading was a little off-putting. I don't like breaded and subsequently fried foods, but the man wasn't sold on it either. Didn't get the hype there. The chive cream was an EXCELLENT compliment, and the mustard was delicious, though a little overpowering. My lamb shank entree was strangely sweet and not what I was looking for, but the farro accompaniment was outstanding. I left meat on the bone, but hoovered all the farro. So good. The beef medallions were spectacular! Perfectly done, tender, and juicy. I was almost regretting not ordering the beef for myself. For dessert, I had ordered the semifreddo, and was served the icebox cake. Not sure if this was a mixup on their part or not, but it was still tasty and I never mentioned anything to the contrary. The grapefruit was a strange choice next to the chocolate and caramel, as the caramel overpowered it, but the cake itself was so tasty it didn't really matter. The frozen yogurt came out with a plentiful serving of gorgeous, fresh berries. Both of us were happy there. The cappuccino after dessert came with cubed sugar, and they allowed us to grab the cup and go walking around the grounds. $150 before tip, with Restaurant Week pricing. I probably would've been happier if I would have spoken up about the lamb, but we'll be back. Great food and excellent service.
4	Very nice ambiance and views.  Incredible food.  My only complaint is that I ordered the 6-course tasting menu, and each course was heavier than the last-- it would have been nice to have something light in between to help me not feel so overwhelmed with richness!
4	Came here yesterday with my boyfriend for our 1 year anniversary/valentines day. Made reservations for 6:30 but arrived early to grab cocktails at the Onyx Bar & sat outside in the patio area watching the sunset...it was very beautiful & romantic. Afterwards we were seated outside in the patio area of the restaurant right next to the fireplace facing the mountain view. Again it was a very beautiful & romantic ambience. We started our dinner with complimentary warm hot dinner rolls that were super yummy & addicting. They were freshly baked & were so soft that it melted in your mouth. They were topped poppy seeds & came with butter topped with Hawaiian sea salt...so good! Next we shared a beet, pear, arugula & candied pecan salad. For entrees we had the sea bass topped with braised short rib on a bed of potato risotto and the "cow of the week" which was waygu beef with risotto & foie gras. We also ordered the lobster Mac & cheese (it was decent but not memorable). We were pleased with our dinner & it ended with complimentary chocolate covered cheesecake bites. They also gave us a small box of truffles as a gift for our anniversary. Overall the service & staffs were great. We had a wonderful & beautiful time here at Talavera & would recommend it to others.
5	We are currently staying at the Four Seasons Troon North and for some reason have never eaten at their signature restaurant Talavera...........We went there a few nights ago to celebrate our daughters college acceptance to UC Davis and they pulled out all the stops!  They printed a congratulations note on the menu which made this very special for our daughter.  The service and food was fantastic!!  At the end of our meal they prepared a special cake for our daughter and it was fabulous.....did not think I would ever taste a cake as good as our wedding cake but it was all that and more.Thanks Four Seasons for making our daughters night one she will never forget!!!
1	Terrible. Absolutely HORRID service from the moment we walked in. We are avid global travelers and usually Ritz Carlton or Intercontinental advocates but decided to take Mothers Day Easter brunch at the supposedly best place in Phoenix. The overpriced buffet is what we would expect, so expect that.  We arrived 5 minutes prior to our reservation time. No one offered a drink or flower to my wife.. or an other mothers that I could see. We finally were seated 10 minutes after our reservation time by the table next to the kitchen.Our first waiter came to us and wasn't really sure what drinks were available, and did not specify if any were included or not in the meal. He didn't suggest we were free to go enjoy any of the food so we waited. He came back a few minutes later saying someone new was now our waitress. So then we asked if we were able to partake in the tables of food around, and he said sure. His demeanor, body language and the fact he never looked us in the eye or told my wife Happy Mothers Day wasn't a good start.The second person came with drinks. Now this was only a few hours ago we ate, so its pretty fresh in my mind, but she came to the table 5 times the whole meal. We repeatedly had to ask for silverware, empty plates stacked up on the table, a beer bottle was sitting there empty, and had to ask twice even for more water. Recall I said we were by the kitchen entrance so we were passed by numerous other staff all afternoon. We grabbed a couple other staff members at different times so we could get silverware to eat with. We enjoyed the food. A few good thinks to mention, however the tables were usually empty each time any of the three of us went to go eat and from our 2 hour visit there many of the items remained empty placeholders of crumbs and signs of the food that was there.We heard waiters in the back complaining of their tips. Wow. They were VERY lucky I left them 10% and do not recall the last time in my life I ever left anything as little as that. So they are probably talking about us right now.  Well don't worry. I would never come back and highly advise anyone to go. The staff and more so management there needs to wake up. Go spend a day or eat at comparable places. Even the Flexprint Club we enjoy as season floor seat holders has amazing service and that isn't the destination point. Oh another side note, this place was so horrible, that I have only left one other Yelp review in my life.
5	I am a local, residing very near The Four Seasons. This is a first class operation.  We go to Talavera several times a year, to celebrate,or to have a quiet meal, etc.  Pork Chops are fantastic.  Warm rolls, whipped butter sprinkled with Hawaiian salt.  Everything done with precision and expertise.  You will want to try some things you never had before!  Service impeccable, as one would expect at The Four Seasons.  I love that they call us by name:  Mr and Mrs.  We will go back again and again.  Views are incredible, outside dining, too.  Very special place.   Great Onyx bar.
5	We loved it!! Food is great and really nice staff but the view it's what make this place worthy of coming back!
5	We were staying at the Four Seasons for my lady's birthday and as a birthday gift I wanted to treat her to this restaurant.  I informed the staff ahead of the time and they prepared a menu with a Happy 26th on it with her name, and they offered to have it signed by the Head Chef and gave it a very romantic looking bow.  When we first entered, they greeted us both by name and wished my lady a Happy Birthday.  Umm YES! Way to make me look like a stud.  Then we decided to ball out and try their 6 course tasting menu.  That was definitely the right move.  We paired it was an absolutely superb Malbec and were delighted from course to course as we went on an extended surf and turf meal.  To say it was sublime would be an understatement.  This is one of the meals that I will remember forever, and that in its essence is worthy of five stars.  Yes, it is expensive and because of that price you must raise your expectations.  Talavera exceeded all of my expectations and more.  Can't wait to dine here again!
5	I took my sister here for her birthday. The food was colorful, flavorful, and delicious. The service was attentive and friendly. We walked around the resort afterwards--just gorgeous. My sister loved it so much that she felt compelled to apologize for holding me down and drooling on my face for most of my childhood. I've waited 41 years for this apology, and Talavera made it happen...jk...kinda... Just go here. It's amazing.
5	Excellent appetizers (gnocchi a real standout) and the steak was incredible. Wine list first rate for good domestic choices and vast internationals also. Only real letdown was the hours in summer, how can a restaurant inside a hotel close down Monday thru Thursday?
4	Talavera offers outstanding service, very good food, and an absolutely gorgeous setting for a special meal. The price tag is hefty but I left feeling like I had a luxurious meal so I certainly think it's worth it for celebratory occasions. The service was superb. It seemed like our waiter was dedicated to us and our table of 2 (even if that wasn't the case). There was never a long wait, it always felt like he was going above and beyond, and it was all very nice. When making my reservation with Open Table I noted it was someone's birthday and the menus were specially printed with a birthday message - talk about a nice touch! The setting is breathtakingly gorgeous. Of course the Four Seasons grounds are beautiful, and there is wonderful Pinnacle Peak and the sunset to enjoy off the patio. If the weather allows it, I highly recommend a patio table. The food was very good too. I guess the only reason this is a 4 star review instead of 5 stars is that the dessert wasn't all that great. I should say the dessert we paid for* because the complimentary truffles we received with a birthday message (again, what outstanding and caring service!) were amazing. I had:- Beet & Goat Cheese Salad: Such a beautiful dish, a real treat for the eyes. It also tasted very good, so while not unique nor large, it was a yummy start to the meal. I probably wouldn't order it again though - the only app I need is the complimentary buttery skillet bread.- Butternut Squash Risotto: The vegetarian entree for the day and I initially groaned because risotto is the de facto veg entree. This was the best risotto I've ever had! So creamy yet the rice still had a strong texture to it, instead of being mushy. The mushrooms and other vegetables were a great mix of textures and overall the flavor was very good.- Chocolate Mousse: I just didn't like this. It was too rich and I've never met a chocolate mousse I didn't like. Some fresh berries or a light cream could have gone a long way in balancing it out.- Croissant Creme Brulee: Also underwhelming. The fried carrot strips were not to my taste and the croissant pieces just seemed stale.
5	My wife took me to Talavera's  for my birthday. We found the service in the bar and restaurant was exceptional. The Bison Steak, Chillan Sea Bass and Cream Brule were all delicious!
5	Just an addendum... Keisha is the best server ever! She had the chef bring us some bonus scallops with risotto. Great service,  wonderful food.
5	I am so appreciative of the beautiful experience we were given at Talavera last night. It was our second trip there and both visits were above and beyond what we could ever expect. You can look at the pictures and other reviews of the dishes (all absolutely delicious), but I would like to focus on the hospitality and overall experience. From start to finish, we were treated as if we were a big deal. I felt like the president himself would get the same treatment we received. The staff was so knowledgeable and worked endlessly to make our night memorable. From the impressive wine suggestions and food pairings, to the unique mid course and after dinner treats, we felt spoiled. The clientele is upscale, and I realize that most of them can afford to come here on a regular basis. I'm actually grateful that I cannot because all the "little extras" were not little to us. We noticed and appreciated everything so much. Every visit here has been an experience of a lifetime. Thank you.
