5	Finally! Great, raw juice in Charlotte. Located in the 7th St Market, this is a gem. I've had their "Green Clean" and the "Pro Fuel" is out of this world! Try it - you'll like it! :)
5	I was staying at the Hyatt House recently and have been juicing regularly so didn't want to give up fresh juice.  I found Viva Raw and to my delight found several juice combinations that I was able to buy for the time I was in Charlotte.  The owner's mother helped us out and let us try as many as we wanted before we chose.  My favorite was the Pro Fuel and for snack the kale chips.  I come to Charlotte twice a year and will definitely make this a stop.
5	Their juices are incredible! Check out their 3 day cleanse
4	I'm gonna say that I am not one to normally buy juices like this but I tried it at an event and it was really good. I branched out this time and tried the green clean. It tastes a little grassy if you aren't use to it but over all refreshing. My favorite is still the Beet Boost.Located in the 7th street market with free parking conveniently located. The people at the counter are friend and check outs quick and easy. I was happy to see they took credit cards.
5	I'm not vegan or even a vegetarian, but I am someone who is trying to eat and live more mindfully and holistically - and I loved my experience at Viva Raw.  The people at the counter were friendly and informative, trading emails with me back and forth and sending juice cleanse information promptly (their new website is up now - pretty slick with some background videos).  I did the renewal cleanse - it was much easier than I anticipated with the advice from Viva to stick to plant based meals the week before and after.  Personally, I thought the juices were delicious and I felt so much cleaner and lighter with solid sleep and better clarity and energy towards the end of the 3 day fast.  However, I am what some would call more of a healthy eater, so for someone coming from a meat and alcohol heavy diet, the pure green juice could take some getting used to.  Pro Fuel tastes like dessert and Good Karma is a wonderful, fresh and tasty blend of carrots and oranges.  Juice fasts can get expensive (mine was around 150 I believe), but I don't have a juicer and nor do I have the time to buy large quantities of produce and juice them myself everyday.  So for me, this is a worthwhile alternative and I'm really looking forward to doing another one (or designing my own fast) for the end of the summer!  Also I think buying the juices a la carte for a daily nutritional boost would be perfect as well and well worth the price.
5	Fell in love with Viva Raw at the Fresh Expo earlier this year by tasting samples at their vendors booth. They were giving out awesome coupons for $1.00 off a single juice or 10% off of a juice cleanse. I CRAVED the beet juice, so I finally went and checked out their location in 7th St. Market. With all of the amazing combinations they offer, it's easy to get overwhelmed. Thankfully they give out samples...What?!?  My favorite juices are Good Carma, Beet Boost, Green Clean and Chocolate Pro Fuel. I've yet to try one of their cleanses but I'm sure I'll be doing that in the next few months. 7th St. Market validates parking so feel free to park in the garage...just make sure to take your ticket in and there are machines in the lobby right outside the market. Just a note...if you drink your juice while walking around the market, you may feel compelled to take the stairs back to your car. DONT DO IT! There's no re-entry back into the parking garage so you'll have to go all the way back down to the lobby...take the elevator...trust me.
5	First time trying Viva Raw,I had asked for a couple of samples. Sorry lol First,Green clean- pretty refreshing but I wanted something sweeterSo the lady gave me try thePearfection- Love it,just right amount of sweetness and also refreshing.I was in the mood for a smoothie ,so I asked for a sample of theHempfield- OMG ! Perfect blend of hemp milk and greens,exactly what I wanted! It's so delicious!!!! The other thing is that all the juices/smoothies are pre-made so you just grab n go,and They're about $7 a bottle.Their juices/smoothies are amazing !!!! Totally recommend this place! Skip the frappuccino and milkshake and get a bottle of viva raw!!! It's delicious and healthy and will totally make your day better!!!
5	Really love their juices, my favorite is the Pro Fuel. I did a cleanse and couldn't wait to get to that drink each night. Will definitely be going back soon for some more. Easy drinks to grab and go, or you can place an order ahead of time. And they let you sample the drinks.
4	I just finished a 3 day juice cleanse.... Successfully!!  Viva raw juices are delicious and filling.  I have attempted several juice cleanses but this was the first one I was able to finish without losing my mind.  Viva raw offers a detailed cleansing guide to reference during your cleanse which was helpful and the staff is super supportive and ready to answer any questions.  They are located in the 7th street market in uptown which is nice because I get to check out the other offering but I really wish viva raw would deliver to my neighborhood in south charlotte so I would be able to incorporate the juices into my regular diet but at least I won't go broke doing that for now... The juices aren't cheap!
