4	Another really good village butcher offering quality red meat, game, poultry and gourmet sausages.Friendly staff on hand to suggest possible meals and ways of preparing and cooking their produce and pretty reasonable prices too given the far superior quality to that offered by the big supermarket chains. The only criticism I can suggest is that they do have a bit too much pre-packed vacuum sealed meat, rather than having it on display and able to be individually selected by the customer. A small point only and not drastic enough to detract from a great butchers.
2	This butchers for me has sadly gone downhill. Having purchased oxtail which went off after two days and then mince which was full of bone fragments. They don't seem concerned either, wrote to them enclosing fragments 4 wks ago, they did not even respond. Lesson learned: Deal with face to face. I am giving them 2 stars for their steak which is good, zero for customer service. I. family & friends will not be returning to this butchers.
4	I have been at this butcher a couple of times and have never had a bad experience. George Bower has the most fantastic selection of game and poultry.  e.g. if you want pheasant or venison, go and get it from here! I have bought pork fillet and a BBQ selection pack of chicken. They also sell all the other traditional products like sausages, meats, steak pies. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. The shop itself has a lovely sort of old fashioned feel to it with the decoration.
5	Having moved to edinburgh 3years ago from a small town in ireland i had given up hope of finding the reliable, quality, local buisnesses I grew up with. Until I found this butcher.An unbelievable selection of produce mostly prepared smoked etc on site. The staff are incredibly knowledgeable and happy to help often giving tips tricks and little discounts. Also stocks fresh eggs of all varieties and jams, spreads, chutneys etcFamously, two fat ladies lived upstairs for a time and reportedly supplies local Michelin star restaurants. Couldn't recommend more ernestly.
