3	Ducked into this place while looking for a place with vegetarian food.  It's pizza with a little bit of a local twist. People ate with fork and  knives and I didn't  see any tourists around. The beer on tap was a local variety I'd never heard of before --it was passable.  Overall food wasn't bad. But if you are looking for something that a vegetarian can eat on Mont-Royal then this is an acceptable option.
3	blt pizza (basically a caesar salad on top of a cheese pizza) is pretty darn good and the vibe is really nice, but I find the taste quality inconsistent.  On our last visit the meatballs were overcooked and tough to cut through.  Apparently after 10pm they have $10 pizzas.  Not huge in size, but filling.
3	Because of it's location close to my apartment, Pizzeria Romeo is the Montreal pizza spot that I've been too the most.  It's well located on Mont Royal close to many great water holes on the Plateau.Place: Pizzeria Romeo has a sleek, open layout perfect with plenty of tables to accommodate couples or larger parties.  It's first floor location and large street facing windows ,which open during the summer, make for great people watching and a fun spot to grab a summer drink.  In the evenings, it has darker, refined atmosphere that isn't too dressy but a definite step up from a casual pizza spot.  Food:  An appetizer of bread and a flavorful tomato spread are generally brought out before the meal.  My wife and I generally split one of the varieties of pizza and order a salad to share as well.  The crust of most pizza in Montreal is for a lack of a better description, medium in thickness.  The meats and vegetables used by the cooks are fresh and delicious.  Even though the pizza is tasty, I find myself wishing the pizza was more like Chicago-style deep dish or thinner NY-style.  A bit of nostalgia that my tastebuds just can't seem to get over and that's why it's 3 stars instead of 4.  Pizzeria Romeo also serves chicken, fish, lasagna and some other non-pizza entries.  But I have never tried them.They also offer some excellent cocktails, a variety of beers and a decent wine list.Service:  On our visits, we've found the waitstaff to be attentive and well-informed about the menu.  One minor gripe is that even though you order at the table, you must get up to pay at the central register. (Not sure why they can't take your cash or card at the table?)Price:  ~$50 for a pizza, salad and two drinks.  The pizza, salad and drinks are all good and it is a very pleasant spot to spend an evening.Tip:  Pizzas are $10 after 10pm if you can wait that long to eat dinner.Is it the best pizza ever?  No.  But if you're looking for a more upscale spot to take a date or the wife out for decent meal, I think they will enjoy Pizzeria Romeo.
3	The service was okay. At first they brought me to a seat, but then the waiter ran off and didn't come back. I had to wave down a random waitress so I could order my meal. Other than that, the service was good.The salad was kind of distasteful since it tasted a bit too salty. The mozzarella pizza on the other hand, was delicious with it's crunchy flat bread crust and not too greasy cheese.The decor and part where I was sitting was glamorous and dazzling with all the lights on the Christmas tree. It was also cool that the patio overlooked the outside where all the shops were. One flaw was the heater overhead was making it a bit too hot.
3	Its the little Brother of the Resto Misto on mont royal StIts again some italian food with a fancy flairThe service and food is Not bad but nothing exceptionnal compared to the MistoThe drinks are good thoA cool place with friends, they are also hockey friendly with Tv screen for games
