3	Went in here early on a Saturday night to check out the new small location near the Aliante casino.  It is definitely more of a bakery and take out of limited classic Filipino dishes such as fresh lumpia (Filipino egg roll), dinuguan (specialty vinegar, blood, spices, and coconut with meat and innards), and pancit, a Filipino style pasta dish and others. There are only two tables in the whole place.  Really we came in here only to get halo halo ($5) which means "mix-mix".  This is a crushed ice and milk dessert with preserved fruits (beans, corn, lanka, and kaong, and topped with ube (taro) ice cream. You mix it all up and use a long spoon to eat and drink.  You can go ghetto and drink it down like a soda.  It's gross that way because you'll end up slurping to get everything in your mouth. Little kids eating it this way lose some of it on their faces, some on their shirt, and some on the floor. I also bought a small pack of mini baked rice cakes ($5) - plain and ube. My brother also ordered the fresh lumpia ($4.50) which was a rice wrapper filled with sliced pork and fresh vegetables, and topped with a warm sauce.  It's made to look like a dripping burrito but unless you scrape off the sauce, use a knife and fork. Everything we ordered was good, but the other dishes in the cafeteria style eatery was really worn down by the end of the night.I like these smaller Goldilocks locations.  The large ones in CA are sit down places have terrible service.  Often, there is no host so you end up seating yourself anyway.  Here you order, then if you're lucky, you find your seat, then someone takes your order to your table. Simpler is sometimes way better.
4	So I was getting crazy hungry at Costco and saw the sign for Goldilocks....I've wanting some Filipino pastries so perfect timing (I was JUST talking about enseymada the night prior).They had a small prepped food selection, but Crispy Pata was calling me on their cook to order menu. Oh the hypertension! The server asked if I was eating in and immediately told me to please sit myself down. I think they might have expanded since the 1st persons review since there was a good sized dining room. He prepped a table with some utensils and plates and cups of water and asked for our drink order as well.The BF was still full from his lunch, so he got a Ube Shake with Boba. My crispy pata is a la carte so had to order a side of rice. It was pretty decent as far as it being soft and juicy inside and having a good chip like crisp to the skin. I was happy. I havent had this in a long time, but this is one of those that you SHOULDN'T eat on a regular. The Ube shake was good flavor, but the ice was rather too coarse for a "shake". For Halo-Halo it would be good, but not a drink. They came to check on us and also brought a bag for the pastries I selected (Ham Enseymada, Puto Bumbong...both pretty good)  and asked if they can get us anything else. If you have been to a bigger, busy Goldilocks they are a lot more impersonal. Order, seat yourself, throw your own paper plates and plastic utensils away. I was kinda taken aback that this one has that Filipino hospitality. Doesn't matter if it's "fast food", they want us to be comfortable and that is why I give this a 4 when most Goldilocks are at a 3 for being just A-OK food and minimal customer service. I never take for granted a caring staff. Will come back. A plus is it's fairly close to my house. The other location is way on the other side of town.
1	With my experience with Goldilocks on June 23 , 2010 i tried ordering stuff from the menu and most of the items are not available and the food is not even worth the quality the way its prepared specifically the siopao turns out to be cold on the inside and hard on the outside as if it was microwaved EATING AT THIS GOLDILOCKS IS VERY EXPENSIVE . if i were you i would not go here . ;O
3	I like most Filipino food I've tried and this place is pretty cool to me. I've been raving about my sister-in-law's pianono since Thanksgiving of 2007 and have been looking for a good substitute since. I like the little loafs you can purchase here. All though they do not compare they do have the ability to take the edge off the craving. I found a new favorite, Ube. I don't know what it is but I like it. It's my favorite color... PURPLE. I have not actually stopped in to eat, seeing that my Filipino husband says no matter what "it's not like mom makes." Still I don't know, next time I go I'll leave him behind.
2	If I had just one word for this place, it's "s-l-o-w".  The food is okay.  I was one of two customers, and I think the staff was overwhelmed.  I can wait for good food.  I can wait for good food if it's busy and there's a waiting list.  I can't wait for marginal food with horrible service.  The baked goods (already made in the display) are decent and bring this one star shop up to a two star.
1	Worst food I have ever had. Horrible service. Stick to the baked goods not the food.
1	This place is horrible. I am Filipino and this place puts me to shame. I ate here with my family one day and the service was slow and the food sucked. The server never got my order right and served me cold food. The boba drink I ordered should have been my first sign because it was so bland and was not blended to the right consistency. The server never even checked up on us after and we were polite and his ONLY table in the place....this place is an utter disappointment, so if you want the crappiest service and horrible food this place is for you.
2	I wasn't too impressed with Goldilocks Bake Shop when it comes to service and even their food.  Visited here a couple of times in the last year.  Normally, these visits are a request by my mom when she's in town.  She doesn't complain much, but could tell she's never really satisfied with the food.  As for me, I always feel like I am inconveniencing the employees here just by walking in and having them ring me up.  Simple Hello, Thank You, or even a smile would have brought my rating to at least a 3.  My most recent visit was for some freshly baked Pan De Sal.  Guess What??  No can do.  Once I walked in I just realized that I wasn't at Valerio's where they sell fresh Pan De Sal.  No fresh Pan De Sal also means no freshly made Filipino Pastries.  I ended up getting a Ensaymada just so I can give them a little business.  Also...no credit/debit if purchases are less than $10.  Just happens to be the day I forgot to hit the ATM.  No problem.  I found enough spare change in my car to make my purchase. I've been to Goldilocks in Vallejo, San Jose, and San Diego.  Never an issue at those locations.  I will probably not go out of my way to come back.  But if mom is in town and she wants Pinoy food, then I guess I have no choice.
1	This Goldilocks shut down and is no longer in business.
