4	If you're looking a pizza with a nice crust and toppings of your choosing, try this place.  This pizza is so good when we drive to Phoenix to see MIL we call ahead pick up the pizza and take it with us out to Apache Junction.  Service is good and the beer is cold, with a decent selection.  when you visit tell the girl with the dark hair, the one who has relatives in San Diego, Hi for us.  She is wonderful!
5	Yay for Sourdough!  This is East Mesa folks, not exactly a culinary destination.  But this is good pizza!  It's local and been around forever, so it's not exactly trendy.  Please don't take your first date here unless you are an octogenarian on a day pass from the assisted living facility.No thin crust to be found on this menu.  But pile whatever toppings you can fit on the pizza and enjoy a hearty slice.  They have a decent drink selection, and lots of other italian items on the menu that I've never tried because the pizza is so good.  It's a popular destination for the winter snowbirds, if you go a little later in the evenings, you can avoid the rush.  But three generations of my family have loved this place and the next time you are crusin' Apache Junction, you should check it out!
4	I consider Sourdough the best pizza joints on the East Side. The crust is moderately thin and crispy, but not dry. The toppings are very fresh and flavorful. The sausage is seasoned well, sometimes crumbly, never rubbery. Order the Titus...it's been our favorite for at least 5 years. Not that we're stuck in a rut or anything.If you eat in, expect a pleasantly basic place in a sleeply strip mall. We don't mind it there, but usually do take-out.
5	Best. Pizza. In. Mesa. HA! Not saying much I know. It has been YEARS since we've eaten at Sourdough Pizza but boy was it GOOD. We lived in Chandler and don't remember how we heard about this place but boy am I glad we did. It is as far out in Mesa as you can get I am pretty sure.  Once my folks were visiting and we were taking them there for some yummy za.  My dad asked if we were going to Utah for pizza? FAR! We ordered the Fireman's pizza. Pepperoni with Jalapenos. Holy GOODNESS!  You can order it on a scale of 1-10. We usually ended up at about a 4 or 5 I think.  Seriously delicious crust too. YAY SDP!
5	Hands-down my favorite pizza place in the East Valley.  I have been going to Sourdough pizza for close to 15 years, and it is consistently delicious.  I grew up in Mesa, now live in Phoenix, but I make it a point to visit Sourdough Pizza when I am in the Mesa area.  The decor definitely leaves something to be desired, as they are in a stucco strip mall, and their interior probably has not been updated  all that much in the 15 years I've been there.  But I could care less when the food and prices are this good.
5	Impressed. This place had Great dough, and fresh toppings. Excellent pizza
4	AMAZING!!  I agree with the other reviews, best pizza in Mesa, for sure!  My friend recommended this place to me, I didn't even know it existed, its in an odd area, in a strip mall on Main Street between Sossoman and Power Rds, next to antique malls, amongst various businesses.  OK, to the pizza!  Its on a sourdough crust, such a good mixture for crusts.  I had the number 17-I forget the name they gave it, but is the ham with choice of pineapple or mushrooms-I chose mushrooms.  The best part, for me, the toppings are on the crust, under a yummy goey layer of delicious cheeses!  This is how they roll!  My friend had their "blanca" pizza, the best all white pizza I've tasted, and I loved hers more than mine, it is sin on pizza, and I loved it! She chose to have pepperoni, and extra cheese, so amazing to bit into the cheeses with the snap of pepperoni!  I was in pizza heaven.I want to make a special note, they do serve drinks, amazing prices, but the wine, I DO NOT suggest.  I ordered a red wine, it came, it felt warm in the glass, and one sip sent me to instant nausea.  I had to send it back, telling them it was undrinkable, I ordered a white wine, but even that wasn't the best.  So, this is the reason for the 4 stars, sadly, but 4 is not bad, it has to be on all levels for me to give it a 5.  If they are going to offer adult beverages, I'd like to not have to send back.  But the pizza is a 5 for me! Buon appetito!
4	Needed a pizza place that offered gluten free pizza for the wee one - this fit the bill.  We've been *stuck* with Barro's for awhile since they are the only pizza place around NE Mesa that offeres gluten free, until we found Sourdough.  We ordered 1 gluten free mini for the kid, 1 mini cheese & 1 medium thick crust cheese.  The gluten free tastes EXACTLY like Barro's, so the wee one was happy (it IS yummy), the thin crust was good, the thick was also good.  The thick crust is more like a dominoes hand tossed thickness - not like a pizza hut thick crust, and the thin isn't crispy, cracker thin.  They were cooked just right, seasoned right and were not greasy.  I am waiting (and waiting) for a NY style pizza joint to offer up some gluten free options - then we'll be in pizza heaven.  :)  (Venezia's or Casanova Bros - you listenin'??)
3	The service here was top notch. Only three stars because the pizza was not as good as what the other reviewers made it out to be. Seems like this might be a good place to take a large group
4	I ordered a pizza for myself to go. I ordered a small 10" with pepperoni and jalepenos. I ordered a 5 and might try the 4 next time. There jalepenos are pretty spicy. The dough was different and didn't weigh me down. I liked the sauce too. I will eat there again. The women that helped me may have been the owner- she was also friendly.
5	Delicious!!  Defeintely my favorite pizza place!  I have been eating here for the last 20 years!  It is in an odd area, but "back in the day" it was next to an AMC Theater, so perfect for dinner and a movie.  They still seem to be going strong though.They have many pizzas to choose from.  Sourdough crust and fresh ingredients (fresh jalepenos).  The jalepeno and sausage is my favorite and you get choose the hotness to your liking from 1-10.  Owners are very friendly too!  Enjoy!
4	Great place in an over looked area.  Family run with friendly staff.  Love the pizza!  Eaten here for years and never disappointed.
4	Had dinner here tonight with my husband. We ordered the #19 which has sausage & pep, we asked for it well done & regular crust.  It came out pipping hot and we thought it was a great pizza! Service was good but I wish the drink menu stated that they had Blue Moon on tap (didn't want Bud Light or Miller Lite). I found out when the waiter brought the table next to us one. I will save that information for our next visit!
4	Sticking with my New Year's resolution to lose a few pounds,  I have started walking my dog about 3-4 miles every morning. With the temp slowly creeping up I tend to go out early as possible.  With not much going on that early in the morning you tend to notice things. This was one. After passing by this place a few times I decided to do a little investigating. OK so let me get a few things out the way. The area is not bad as others have said (there is a high school next door so how bad can it be?). It is in a strip mall so the restaurant is not very big. They have been in business at the same location for over 20 years. Also a word of warning the place does get packed by the early bird crowd around 4pm so come early or after 6pm if you want a good table. Also while the place is not what I would call fancy you can tell that they have actually put some thought into how the place was decorated. Nice solid wood tables are set up family style with little booths in the back, a perfect place for teens and the young at heart to grab a slice with their sweet heart. They even went so far as to put a table in front of the open kitchen so you can watch as they create your meal from scratch. Their claim to fame is the pizza they offer. One look at the menu and you see the usual cast of characters. But what stood out to me was they offer wheat and gluten free products for those looking for a few options. Their pizza sizes are kind of unusual as they start with a 8 inch mini and go up to a 16 inch extra large. The sauce was light and nice tasting and the crust lived up to the sourdough claim as well. Not over powering but the flavor was a nice change up from the usual chain offerings. Not in the mood for pizza (what is wrong with you?) they also offer pasta, deserts, sandwiches, soups and salads. This is one great little neighborhood place! And I for one am glad to be it's neighbor (Mr. Rodgers music plays) LOL.
5	Other restaurants have come and gone but this one has been there like what my wife said about 20 years existing in the area. Congratulations!!! I loved the old recipe sourdough pizza. I enjoyed it very much. Neighbors please help our local business survive. We need them to support our local community.
5	I went inside today to pick up our pizzas (usually hubby makes the trip) and I have to add...what a nice place!!  Very comfortable, family friendly vibe!  Like a great neighborhood mom/pop restaurant should be. :)  Add the fact that we can get good pizza while our daughter can enjoy a few slices of good gluten free pizza = 5 stars all the way. :)
4	If I ever find myself walking down this street again for those outdoor events they have in downtown Mesa I will be back to this location. Love the pizza for the price that you pay.
1	We have ate here before, but tonite's was the last time.  They were somewhat busy, but it was like we were invisible when we came in.  Took 10 minutes to be acknowledged and seated.  Another 10 minutes for the server to come to the table for our drink order.  Throughout the entire meal had to remind her repeatedly of things we asked for.  We had a 2 year old with us and guess who was served last?  Uncalled for!  We did not leave much of a tip because of the terrible service and to top it off after we left for the car, the manager chased behind us asking if there was a problem!  She got told everything that was wrong - why wasn't she checking while we were there?  We have never had such bad service and to be chased to your car made it even worse!
4	Nice place to eat. The food is great and the atmosphere welcoming. The staff is excellent and attentive, but not too much so. Good value for your money. A very comfortable place to eat.
2	Good food but terrible service. We've visited this restaurant three times this winter and each time it's the same lousy service and (last night) a very unhelpful waitress. Maybe we've just had bad luck at this place because so many people speak positively about both the food and service. Go figure.
5	I apologize.   I should not have laughed when my little sister blew into a bowl of pepper and it shot up into her eyes and she ran into the bathroom crying.  At 28 years of age, perhaps I should stop finding fart jokes funny.  I am sorry that I take all the fun flavors out of chex mix bags and leave you with the boring bits.  But most egregious of all, I am sorry that I have lived in Arizona for 10 years and didn't try Sourdough Pizza Restaurant until about two months ago.I have only ordered take out from here, so perhaps I should not review, but I suppose we'll just have to add this on to the list of regrets.  The Crazy chicken wasn't really crazy, but definitely still satisfying combination of mozzarella, cheddar, barbeque sauce, chicken, red onions, and mushrooms.  This was a touch sweeter than we would've liked but the chicken stood out.The Pizza Blanco was a simply olive oil, ricotta, mozzarella, garlic and choice of two toppings, which we decided to be bell pepper and onion.  This was an outstanding pie with each bite being a perfect proportion of cheese, topping, and dough.  Speaking of which the sourdough was an excellent foil for both pizzas, absorbing the flavors well and getting to that savory, slightly fatty satisfaction in the interior but not greasy in the least on the exterior.Obviously, I have a lot to apologize- however, I promise that you won't have anything to be sorry about by trying out Sourdough Pizza Restaurant.  Go now!
4	Great pizza   We have enjoyed this place for quite a few years.   Ingredients are above average.   Love the fresh garlic toppingTough to beat for quality pizza on the East side
2	Overall good food. Prices decent. Moderate to bad service. Took more than 30 min to get one pizza. Only three other tables after the Saturday lunch crowd.Servers forgetful! not good in the least about special requests. We had three easy ones, none were met.Hostess is one of the worst customer service people I've ever encountered. She barely speaks or acknowledges the customer, sometimes doesn't speak at all.No wi-fi, no email on website. Really catchup to modern times.Undecided if we will return.. We were in a rush today, disappointed that we were waiting so long, getting concerned about time.Too bad owners don't have email, would have written them directly before this review.
5	Absolutely delicious pizza and pizza breads. Visiting from indiana, looking for something different than what we can get at home. Loved it!
4	I'm very suspicious of the reviews that are below 3. I haven't been here with anyone over some twenty years of going that didn't love the pizza. Does it need a facelift? Maybe/ probably. Is the service great? Probably not but it has fantastic food and is very reasonably priced. There is a ton of WT in this area and I wonder how many of ya'll (intentional) were trying to get something free from the jump. This is easily one of the best pizza places in Mesa and to me it's as good as anywhere I've had around the valley. Treat yourself and grab a pizza from here... but unfortunately you can't catch a movie next store at AMC like the good ol days.
3	Looking for something a little different in the pizza arena? SDP has very good pizza! you can definitely taste the sour dough. good sauce/cheeseUnfortunately, very disappointed in the Philly Cheesesteak sandwich. Mostly mushy bread, with minimal crispiness. Overcooked onions and green peppers to the point of extracting all flavor. Lackluster meat. I guess there were mushrooms on there too.Stick with the pizzas
5	Tried it on a whim Saturday (5/12/2012) night. Pretty much blew my mind. I had the pizza blanco with sausage & pepperoni. Picked it up and took it home. AMAZING. The crust is fantastic & the favors are just right. The only negative was the cashier, she was kinda awkward, but whatever. I don't really give 5 stars but this place deserved it, highly recommend this place, you won't regret it!
4	So I got back from Italy and missed American-Style Pizza.The cheesy, saucy deliciousness of our pizza is unparalleled and although I had some darn good pizza abroad, I really did miss our version of this open-pie masterpiece.Sourdough Pizza is a great little place, doesn't get too incredibly busy during the day so if you want to avoid the crowds, that is the time to go.They have a good beer selection and pitchers are available (YUM!) in domestic and imported beer selections.The pizza, oh man the pizza, their original crust (because they offer thin crust too) was not too thick, was the right consistency, had a great flavor and was super fantastic cold the next day. Tons of options for people that like different meats, cheeses, sauces, crusts etc. and the prices are pretty average.Large pitcher of imported beer and a medium pizza cost us about $25.But don't take my word for it, check it out yourself.
5	I had the Pizza Blanco, and a small salad. Yum! Kids had spaghetti. This place was so delicious, my niece (7 yrs old) was bragging to her Mom that she had the best dinner. Great prices as well. A good drive from south Chandler but I will be back!
5	The BEST pizza! have been going here my whole life with my family! the pizza titus with jalapenos is amazzzzing! We love lynell to be our server she is amazing and feels like part of the family!
4	My girlfriend and her family rave about this place. It is good, but I personally don't think it is mind-blowing (not sure what mind-blowing pizza would be for me). With that said, the place does have good reviews and it is in a hole in the wall. Seriously, if they didn't know about this place I would have never found it. In fact, even if i GPSed the location I wouldn't have found it. It's just not a prominent place at all. In any case, it was good pizza and I would go again!
4	We had the pepperoni/mushroom and the Bianca with sliced tomatoes.  Everything was very good. My wife and I each ordered 10" pizzas and had enough to take home. Nice restaurant, friendly staff and fun holiday decorations up for Halloween.
4	Good pizza. Everyone with me thought so too. Not the best ever, but definitely satisfies a pizza craving. I'm not a big fan of thin crust  and don't like too much crust. Their's was perfect. Price was okay, if I have the money I will definitely go again but if I'm watching my budget I'd rather go to a place that gives me an amazing pizza for that price.
3	We just tried a pizza from here today after getting good feedback from forums, friends and social media contacts.  As a home bread baker, I love sourdough breads and couldn't wait to try this crust.  The crust was very good.  Nice and thin.  The toppings were great, especially with diced jalapenos baked on.  The only problem I had with this pizza was the mozzarella.  It is creamy (similar to warmed up brie), as opposed to chewy and stretchy that you would get from bocconcini and better quality mozzarella.  You typically find the creamy consistency in mozzarella if you buy the cheap, no-name mozzarella from the grocery store.  This creamy kind of mozzarella is a game breaker for me unfortunately.  Which is disappointing because as a frequent visitor to Mesa, I would love to have a local go-to pizza place, closer than Phoenix's Pizza Bianco (which is spectacular).For my sake, I hope this place changes the quality of cheese...everything else is top notch.
5	This place has been here since the school was a movie theater! Hand tossed crusts, fresh toppings - oh and good margaritas! Order by the numbers, but we recommend the #9, the Blanco (white) pizza. All the taste and no acid kick-back! Cute little place, very frequented by the older crowd - especially snow-bird season!  They don't deliver but you can order for pick-up.
5	I would visit family in Arizona back in 1990. And we'd always do a big family dinner here. In 1992, I moved to tempe, and we'd still head out to this place. Then in 1996, after I'd finished up at ASU, I moved back to San Diego. We'd visit and hit up Sourdough now and then. I don't think I've been there since about 1999. We took a chance and we went back again on Monday,  7/21. Ever go to a place and just hope it's the same? Ohmygoodness. It was just as I remembered it all those years ago. I love their Bleu cheese dressing (I know it's an Italian place, don't judge). Their sausage mushroom pizza (#10) is awesome. I love how thin they slice the mushrooms. Their regular crust (I haven't had others) is amazing. My 13 year old had never been there before. She is one who eats the toppings, and leaves the crust. Not here. She pulled the last piece of her mini and ate only the crust. It was so nice to go there and have it be just as great as I remember. Oh...service was great too!
4	Great local place to eat!  Happened to stay in the Mesa area for a few months and we ate here several times. Everything we tried was good, hubby liked their thin crust pizza and daughter enjoyed their spaghetti with marinara sauce and meatballs. The service was always nice and timely.There were always lots of customers, seemed to have regulars who were there weekly. We'll return when in the area.
5	Only found this place because my son's school orders pizza from here on Wednesdays...but what a find!  Absolutely LOVE their pizza for lunch, and have never been disappointed by their service.  They have a white pizza that with added chicken and sun dried tomatoes is heavenly!  Definitely worth the visit.
