4	Despite having beeping parking sensors, a rear view camera I still managed to reverse my car into a huge wall in a recent snow storm in Utah. Cadillac of las Vegas recommended AW Collision so here goes.It is at the bottom of the W. Desert Inn so super convenient for most. Parking is good and as you walk into a very clean but basic waiting area, two leather sofas , a flat screen tv but little else. Bathrooms were clean but had no towels and there was no reading material other than an older brochure for Land Rover.They quickly provide an estimate which was reasonable, and what I really liked was their willingness to order, prepare the replacement bumper prior to my appointment for repair. This meant rather than lose my car for three days , I simply showed up and waited an hour while they took off the crumpled bumper and replaced it while I waited about 90 minutes. Good.Work was good but on inspection I found the alignment of my bumper was out a little, they quickly took it back in the shop and it was readjusted. Good body shop I will use again but hopefully I won't have to......
5	The Cadillac dealership in Las Vegas recommended AW Collision and I am happy that they did. Ben the service rep maintained very good communications with me so that their was no confusion on what was being done and when it was being done. My car looks a good as new. I would highly recommend their services.
5	Thanks to a little run in with a wall and the bumper we had to have body work done to my brand new Cadillac.   The Cadillac dealership in Las Vegas sent us to AW Collision.  This was an unbelievable experience, I called on Saturday morning they told me to bring the car right in for an estimate.  Upon arriving we spoke with Anthony, a wonderful young man who immediately looked the car over, gave us an estimate and got the work scheduled.  It is now Thursday and we just picked up the car and it is Perfect!!!!  I have never had such a pleasant experience with anyone in the car industry from the first phone call until we walked out the door with the car it was Five Star All the Way!!!!!  Thanks to everyone at AW Collision - if you need a repair that's the place to go.  Thanks again Ozzie, Anthony, and all the guys in the shop - You Rock!Sue and Eddie
