5	AKA The Fred Roger's Memorial. Located along Clemente Park, A Tribute to Children is built from the old Manchester Bridge pier. Long an eyesore, I was never sure why the pier wasn't torn down with the rest of the bridge.The pier was cut, reshaped, the stones were cleaned, and a keyhole shape was carved in the middle where a ten ton bronze statue of Fred Rogers was placed. He is seated and created to look as if he's changing into his sneakers, which is how every episode of Mr. Roger's Neighborhood started as he sang "It's a Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood." An observation deck surrounds the statue, which give a beautiful view of downtown Pittsburgh from the North Shore.Not may people know that all 900 episodes of this popular TV show were filmed here in Pittsburgh at the WQED studios in Oakland, near the University of Pittsburgh campus.
5	A very nice memorial to one of Pittsburgh's own (and also to the kids who watched his show over the years), Fred Rogers.  Really cool its along the riverfront and the fact that the statue faces the downtown area (not sure if the state faces in the direction where WQED is or not).  Also noted is the fact its near the science museum and quite close to Heinz Field, as well as not too far from PNC Park, a short walk along the river away.
5	As the song says, "Won't you be my neighbor?"  I'm sure Heinz Field, Carnegie Science Center, the three rivers and the entire city has no problem with this.  Everyone wanted to be Mr. Rogers's neighbor growing up, Pittsburgh is just lucky to have him as a native son, and now a permanent resident.This spot is a nice little respite along the North Shore that is quite unique.  Cut from an old bridge pier it makes it look like it was a natural spot to have this memorial.  Mr. Rogers gets the opportunity to look out over the Downtown skyline and smile upon all of Pittsburgh.Definitely worth the stop if you are over here for a game or concert (just don't leave your trash here).  Also, if you plan to take a picture in his lap as I did, make sure you plan your dismount.
