4	I have sent edible arrangements in the past not really knowing what the quality is. Today I got to experience/taste what they have to offer.  I called ahed to the store to order 12 chocolate dipped strawberries to take to a dinner party. The girl on the phone was very polite and told me that she could have them ready in as little as an hour.  The presentation was great, the strawberries were huge and the chocolate was mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm....The location in Stephanie seems a little random and out of the way for a pickup but I have confidence now to order them for special occasion deliveries!
2	My hubs decided to surprise me on Mother's Day. I answered the door to find a delivery person with a red box who informed me that I "had" balloons but they just blew away and I could still see them if I ran outside. Also, either the AC wasn't working in her car, or she had too many deliveries. When I opened the box my strawberries were melted into a gooey mess. I put them in the fridge and checked on them a couple of hours later. The chocolate flavor was nasty. I would guess that's in part to the chocolate melting and re-setting. When my hubs called the store they only offered to refund the cost of the balloons. I love the idea of this company but the execution is crap.
3	I walked into edible arrangements and was lucky there wasn't a wait to purchase a bouquet a week before mother's day. I spoke to the girl behind the desk and she was very knowledgable and helpful with picking the bouquet. My issue with this location, is that it was delivered in a personal vehicle. I was shocked to see someone delivering my mother's well deserved fruit bouquet in a black Hyundai. So we received a semi cold, melted chocolate arrangement. I understand that it's busy, but I expect the business to make arrangements for that. I'm pretty sure transporting something that's so easily perishable is a health code violation as well. Overall, it was a disappointing experience for me. But it's also hard to say that I won't be back to this company. I believe they're franchised, so I'll have to take my business to a different location next time around.
1	I would give them zero stars if I could. I've ordered here twice and both were horrible service. Got my mom an arrangement for her birthday ordered the day before and expected to deliver the next day. We'll she was gone and called them to tell them she was home so they could deliver it. They said no we close at 5 and it's 4 now so you can pick them up. Pick them up? I paid for delivery on her birthday not for her to pick up her OWN birthday present 2 days later (since their not open Sunday) I called then early Monday, very mad. Demanding a refund or a upgrade. After several calls and no we can't refund you. They finnaly gave in and said they would refund me. Horrible costumer service, they don't even try to make you happy. Skip this place and get flowers instead!
3	My overall rating for this place is a  "meh". Staff was not overly friendly or helpful.  They did not have any helpful signage in the store. They were not overly patient. Just an overall "meh" experience.
