5	This is the kind of business that makes people yearn for the return of small, independently- owned businesses.  We have taken our Volvo and Saab here since we moved to Charlotte four years ago, and both run great.  Gus, the owner, has an amazing ability to greet customers by name, even if they haven't been in for six months.  I have no idea how he does that.  He and the rest of the folks there could not be friendlier or more concerned about taking care of the car.  His prices are fair, I've never needed an appointment, and I have never felt ripped off.  They seem very trustworthy and focused on cost-effective solutions for mechanical problems, and resolve problems quickly.   Always very easy to reach on the phone, and very good about keeping in touch about repairs over the course of a job.  In addition, if you live or work on or around East/ Dilworth, it's very easy to simply drop off the car, walk to work, and have it ready by the end of the day.  Given this convenient quality, I would never consider taking our cars to the dealers out on Independence, or to anyone else, for service.
5	If you're a person who feels like mechanics can't be trusted you need to bring your car to H and H.  I started bringing my car to Gus about 4 years ago upon the recommendation of a friend.  She had begun taking her car to H and H because she heard that Gus and his crew did not take advantage of the average woman's lack of knowledge about a car.  Gus has retired now and turned the shop over to his son Dean.  As another reviewer mentioned, they are able to remember your name even if you haven't been in in months.  The prices are reasonable and I never feel like I've been hoodwinked when I leave the shop.
5	BIG FAN of H&H Motor's. I've got a used infinity and am tired of going to the dealership for overpriced service and maintenance. Did a yelp search and asked some folks on the talk thread and H&H was recommended. It helped that it was nearby my house in Southend. The service was great! I needed new tires, new brake pads, a new seat motorized slider and some minor body work with rubber pealing away...and of course and oil/filter change. The manager called me regularly and gave me updates on the car and the pricing, offering advice and making sure I was ok with everything. Top notch and I respected that. Oh yeah...it was all done within one day. Dropped it off and picked it up 8 hours later...awesome! The mechanic who worked on my car even saw me picking it up and came outside the garage to explain everything worked on to me again. I've now found my future auto repair/service station!
4	I'm convinced that no one likes to have their car serviced. No one likes to shell out hundreds (sometimes thousands) or bucks to ensure that their vehicle is purring like a kitty. I am included in this group. So when I needed an inspection, I took my car to H & H - the guys here are friendly, to the point and get the job done. Which all seemed great until I failed my inspection because my tires aren't up to speed. Cue sad trombone. The staff here immediately went through my options (there weren't many) and ordered new tires for me that day. While I'm not thrilled to be shelling out that much coin for new tires, I have to pass my inspection and the folks here were nice about giving me honest feedback about which tires to go with for the price. The shop isn't much to look at and you won't be seated in a fancy pants waiting room, but frankly I couldn't care much about that. Honest service, fair prices and solid work: sounds good to me!
5	I like my normal mechanic, but they are so busy lately I decided to give H&H a shot.  I was able to get in the same day which is apparently not common.  I didn't ask for pricing up front, but I was just getting my oil changed and a couple bulbs replaced.  I think this is the cheapest place I've had a full-synthetic oil change...cheaper than the drive-through oil change places.  I was given a time estimate upfront for how long it would take and within about 15 minutes of that time I received a call saying my car was ready.  My car runs so much better now.I'll need some major scheduled maintenance soon and requested a price quote for that.  It came back at what people in internet forums say the repair should cost.  I'll get a quote from my usual shop as well since they are more familiar with audis and I do like them. The waiting area is really more of a drop off/pick up area, but there is a dunkin donuts next door or you could do like I did and pick up the light rail at the east/west station across the street and ride around until your car is done.
5	Just went here for an inspection. They were kind and quick which is exactly what I needed. I always get nervous going to mechanics cause I know that they know that they could tell me pretty much anything and I would believe them/have no idea what they are talking about, but I was very comfortable going here!
1	I give them one star for being nice!  That does not fix cars!!  I have had my car in there twice and half of what I paid for actually was fixed, and they charged way too much!!
5	These guys are completely amazing.  I have a 1960 Morris Mini Cooper and I could not find anyone to work on the carbs or anything else for that matter in the city.  It was like I was in a twilight zone.  Everyone telling me they wont work on a carbed motor.  Finally I found these guys and every time I have something I need to get done on the mini they are willing to help.  Even if its just something small.  They also do all the work on my more modern cars as well.
5	Great service and quick turnaround time! I dropped in around 8:30 in the morning with an almost-flat tire. I also needed an inspection. They fit me in and I was out the door in less than 30 minutes! Nice people too. Would definitely recommend this place for routine auto maintenance.
