3	Frozen Custard! Made on-site daily! Yum!Michael's also offers a menu of fried fare, none of which I've tried, but honestly who would want a burger when you can have frozen custard? The lines at this location are never long, and you can order outside when the weather's nice, inside, or through the drive-thru. The staff is always accomadating but don't go out of their way to be friendly. The custard is made fresh throughout the day--and you can taste the difference! The only downside to this is I once got a cone that was pulled from a batch that was 'not quite done,' which created a melty mess.Pumpkin shake = one of the BEST things ever. It is amazingly smooth and creamy and flavorful. The first time I ordered one I literally wolfed the whole thing down and went back a bought a second one! Yes, I felt terrible a few minutes later. But it was so worth it. Unfortunately pumpkin shakes are only available in the fall months. Also check out Michael's menu of signature sundaes and floats.
5	Michaels is awesome.  I prefer their custard over Culvers though I still frequent Culvers as well for that but Michaels burgers and fries are head and shoulders above Culvers in taste.  Their rootbeer is also better than Culvers and so is the cheese curds so I'm beginning to wonder why I ever even go to Culvers.
1	After a long hike, the boy and I were driving around in the area and thinking about getting a custardy snack before hitting up Woodman's. We asked the GPS about custard in the area and found a few options, but had never heard of Michael's so we decided to try it. I guess all I really have to say is that for a medium root beer and a banana split, we paid $10. I'm not exaggerating. The banana split was similar in size and taste to Sonic. This place is a serious rip off! Go elsewhere for your delicious custardy treats!
3	Great custard and fried curds but the service is terrible. I shouldn't be made to feel like I am inconveniencing the cashier by ordering a hot dog.
4	My brother and I did a weekend in Wisconsin (GO BADGERS!!!), and after the game, we went over to Buffalo Wild Wings. As we were driving around Wisconsin, we saw lots of these "frozen custard" places. Frozen custard is actually a regional thing, and you can't find it anywhere in California, New York, and some of the other places I frequent. So I was very interested to try it!First off, they give you a LOT of it. I got a cone, and I ate the whole cone, and... I pretty much felt like a huge glutton. This is by no means a complaint - just something to take note of.As for the taste and texture, I found it to be somewhat like frozen yogurt, but perhaps a bit more "eggy."I enjoyed my frozen custard, and next time I'm in the area, I may go back for more!
2	Michael's has gone downhill over the years.   They used to be a fun ice cream and burger joint with old music and vintage decor and great ice cream.   But now their staff is just sort of there, the ice cream isn't anywhere near as good, the prices have increased and the music no longer fits the expected atmosphere.   We would sure like to see a better shop back in town.
5	A Madison institution!
1	It has been a few years since my one and only visit. But since I still think of it every time I drive by, I feel compelled to share. I went with a friend and we ordered a root beer float to share. It cost about $6 and there was just one scoop of frozen custard in a glass of root beer. I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw what they gave us for that amount of money. I will never go again.
3	The food is good but very expensive. I have 4 kids and avoid eating dinner here because it costs a small fortune. Good place to get dessert, though.
3	I think Michael's is worth a visit. At least one. Beyond that it is still completely up to you whether or not you keep coming back. The food isn't a revelation, but if the burgers you make at home aren't this good then you should probably come back.
1	Horrid! Got a Cheese Burger, cheese curds & a side of fries. Almost $12.00. You can get a small steak at Fridays for that price. The burger patty was so thin that the lettuce overpowered the beef. You couldn't even taste the beef. At all.  I counted 14 marble sized cheese curds in my basket. Half of which had all the cheese cooked out.  I called and spoke with the manager after my visit & she seemed very used to the complaints & did not seem to care. I will NEVER return. You would be wise to avoid it. CULVER'S ALL THE WAY!
5	I have visited this location about a half-dozen times, the last one being Saturday, Oct. 12.  I pulled up to the drive-through menu and was greeted by a recording stating they were closed.  It was 10:27 AM.  I glanced at the hours posted right there and misread the sign.  They CLOSE at 10:30 and open at 11.  I pulled around and was flagged down by a woman at the drive-through window.  She took my order even though they didn't open until 11.
5	Love this west side Madison location! They are always friendly, a little slow but if you order the Chicago Style hot dog, you get an IBC root beer with your order - yum!
2	The custard was very tasty. The service was terrible. She would play with get hair and tub her nose, then take a drink if water, set it down on the custard dipping well and scoop the custard.  It's clear their not trained well on safe food practices.
3	Friendly neighborhood custard stand, conveniently located near KJ's Curry Bowl.  I highly recommend this place for something sweet, creamy and cold after you've had Sri Lankan curry at dangerously flammable levels of spiciness. They have a remarkable variety of prepacked frozen custard flavors in pints and quarts to go.  We had little sundaes (they do have an apostrophe problem, their prices are a tad high to not be able to pay a good proofreader before having menus posted), which we enjoyed.  There are a couple of small tables here, but it's really a to-go place, walk up or drive through.  In the middle of the polar vortex, we weren't the only customers, which tells you something about the Wisconsin obesity problem.
4	It is good, especially turtle sundae. It is kind of pricey, for a small sundae almost $6!!
4	Great cheddar burger. The basket is a great deal including a soda and side. the Wisconsinite in me chose to get the cheese curds as my side, so good. I went through the drive-thru and received quicker service than I expected. I later regretted my decision not to get a chocolate malt so on my way back to Milwaukee from Madison, I stopped and got a malt to go. It was a delicious choice though a little messy because of the malt seemed to be leaking from where the lid connected to the cup- still a good choice though a bit pricey if you ask me for the malt, almost $6.
5	Go. Simple as that. If you're contemplating going to Michael's for frozen custard, the answer is always "yes".There's not much to review-awesome custard, lots of sundae options, variety of outdoor and indoor seating...it's a simple place, fairly inexpensive, and always delicious. Go.
