4	I have been driving my beloved old beat-up Honda Civic into the ground.  It's so old that it is worth so little now that almost all necessary repairs would cost more than my car's value... so what's a girl to do?  Keep it movin' until it can go no more.  That brings me to AutoZone.  Very recently, I thought that my car had finally gone the way of the dinosaur, as it was no longer starting.  I was almost positive it was the starter. Or the transmission. Or you know, something expensive... but I swung by AutoZone Friday night (after having gotten the car to start after 20 or so swings at the ignition) and the lovely representative offered to test my battery.  Whaddya know, it was so low that it couldn't even be tested.  He took out the battery to charge it so it could actually be tested... then within three seconds, the test rejected the battery.  The rep informed me this was the cause of my car not starting. Imagine that.  I, of course, wanted the cheapest battery, since my car is not long for this world.  The rep went to get it, and then did not have it in stock.  Nice guy that he was, he gave me a more expensive battery for the cheaper price of the first battery, because his computer system was inaccurate.  Not everyone would do that for a girl who knows next to nothing about cars.If I need any little thing for my beater car before it dies, I'm heading straight back to AutoZone, because I feel confident that I'll be taken care of and won't get ripped off.
5	Ok. so seriously my car and I have a love hate relationship and I was driving to an even in Gilbert and my coolant is reading beyond normal, so I freak out and go and look for the nearest Autozone. Nice in giving me what I need and nice in helping a girl in distress.
5	I am proud to say that there are people that do care about ur car and try their best to help you. Kris is the guy who works at night helped me change my car alternator loaned me all the tools i needed to fix the problem. Hands down for the 5 diamond service we lack in Arizona.
5	Super nice staff, very helpful. I had my check engine light come on and one of the guys came out no problem and addressed the situation
