5	The most family oriented work out place in town.  We love the indoor family and warm water pools. The nursery staff is excellent. I like that when we come in to drop the kids off at the nursery, they greet us by our first names.  I love the infrared sauna they recently put in. One advice I would give to people who are considering of joining is that you don't have to get the most exclusive membership like gold cove, if you are only going to work out on the machines. We have gold cove, the most expensive membership which allows you to have exclusive access to outdoor water park during summer and most of the group fitness classes offered in the club but we hardly go to group fitness class and hardly go to outdoor water park. The water temperature is still cold even it is 80 degrees out. This past summer, we went to the outdoor water park maybe two- three times the most and stayed out no more than half hour. So, it really isn't worth to have a gold cove unless you know you are looking for specific classes with GC membership. The parking and getting the machine to work out can be a problematic during winter months between 4:30-7:00PM. Sometime, you may have to wait 15-20 minutes for the machine to free. If that's the case, you can go sit in the sauna until some people leave. So, I would suggest go there early in the morning or late in the evening but then if you are bringing along your little ones you run into problems with daycare after nursery is closed. They have a restaurant that offers supposedly healthier food but we never had any luck with the food there. The taste is okay and price is a little bit on the high end for the amount you get.
5	I never belonged to another gym.  It's a solid place to work out.  You can get involved or stay solo and no one mind.  The staff is very nice.
3	I was a member at this club for 5 years.  So I have a lot to say, but not nearly enough Yelp space in which to do it, so I shall do my best to summarize.Pros1. Three indoor swimming pools + two jacuzzis2. Lots and lots of cardio equipment + 4 different weight areas3. Indoor soccer field, track, basketball courts, and racquetball courts4. Lots of classes - aerobics, swimming, spinning, etc5. Outdoor pools with waterpark6. ChildcareCons1. Expensive membership with required 2 year contract2. You only have access to all the things listed above under the Pros section if you have the Gold Cove membership, which is the most expensive package.  Regardless of having the most expensive membership, you still have to pay extra for most of the classes.  3. If you have anything less than the Gold Cove membership, there is one older woman at the front desk, as you check in, who will look at you like you're trying to steal the tanning bed she lives in.  However, there is also a younger one with long, dark hair, who is more of an equal opportunity offender.  She'll treat you like crap, no matter what your status.4. If you don't have Gold Cove forget about going to the waterpark, unless you want to pay 23 dollars per person to get in.  5. Do not, I repeat, DO NOT bring in any of your own food.  If they catch you anywhere in the facility with so much as a pretzel stick, they will go off on you, thusly informing you that you can only consume food and beverages purchased at THEIR lounge/bar/crappy food place.  Because you know, you might be trying to smuggle in crack cocaine with your pretzels. 6. Lounge/bar area serves you the crappiest, overpriced food you can find.  I don't know about the bar because I didn't go to a health club to drink.  7. Parking is a nightmare, especially in the mornings, and right around the time people are coming home from work.  While that is to be expected, the countless number of SUVs and big pick ups with something to prove, stalking people as they head to their vehicles makes for a dangerously crowded, and highly annoying situation.There you have it.  Nice club, with nice amenities, just be prepared to part with your money, and deal with a few annoying aspects.
3	UNSUPERVISED KIDS!!  The signs tell parents to watch their kids, but I haven't been there ONCE when there weren't children running about the cycle & elliptical machines playing tag or something.  Most machines are par for the course.  Some are a bit outdated.  They don't have personal tv's on each machine like some clubs, but they do have a group of tv's you can tune into while working out using your headset.  You can't go into the sauna unless you are wearing a swimsuit (not just a towel).  It's not the worst place I've ever seen; the environment just didn't really fit my expectations as a single, professional.
5	Best gym in the area.I have been a member of 3 different gyms in the Madison area and none have impressed me like Prairie Athletic Club. The facilities are clean, staff is friendly and efficient, and they have great equipment!I love the different workout areas - there are several rooms with cardio and weights equipment so you can find your favorite spot, or rotate through them all of a change of scenery. There are several pools, both indoor and out, saunas in the locker rooms, and a hot tub.The group fitness classes are offered at several times throughout the day, so it's easy to find a class & time that fit your schedule. Classes are only included with the most expensive membership, but it is so worth it. The membership is very affordable, especially compared to other gyms that I've tried where you get much less for almost the same price.
4	I've belonged to this place for a couple of years now. Before that I went to the Sun Prairie YMCA and before that the east side Princeton Club (we lived on the east side and then moved to Sun Prairie). I like this place. The locker room is clean enough, the front desk staff are fast to check me in, and the 'waterpark' part (of which we are very new members) is fine. I nearly always bring at least one child when I come, and the nursery staff are mostly a great bunch. My older kids are taking part of the summer daycamps, and everyone I've dealt with for that has been great. I've never eaten in the restaurant and so have nothing to add there. Mostly I use the cardio equipment upstairs (they have bikes, ellipticals, and stair climbers, but I'm all about the treadmills). Nearly all the cardio equipment has its own little tv set. I haven't taken any classes so far, though I'm eyeing the Zumba (pray for me) and the yoga. I'm intimidated by the Spinning classes but may yet grow a spine. They seem to have a lot of different classes. They own the hockey place across the street (a new one coming up by the high school) and my understanding is that it will be razed and more parking added. I don't think the parking situation is terrible now, but I try very hard to go during non-peak hours (I am lucky to have a choice most days).
5	If you want to sweat, exercise, and have fun they have it all.  They have free weights, universal machines, treadmills, stair climbers, elliptical machines, bikes, a running track, basketball courts, volleyball courts, an indoor soccer field, an indoor pool and outdoor water park, aerobic classes, massage services, personal trainers, racquetball courts, a conference room, a full service bar, a flat grill menu, and probably much more.
5	Let me start off by saying that you get what you pay for at this facility. Are there cheaper places? Absolutely. However, one really neat thing about this gym is that this reward loyalty- if you stay with them, your rate is locked in and will never change unless you add or upgrade to it. They are constantly building on to it. In fact, we joined in May and they are just now finishing up another addition.  They have a huge selection of group classes at all different times.  They have multiple polls, indoor and out. And let's not forget the water park! Who doesn't love that? Plus, it gives me something fun to do when I babysit. :)The equipment is all in great shape and veg updated.  All Of the cardio equipment has a personal tv.  They play backgroundMusic, but not loudly so you can actually hear your own.  I love that this have an indoor track, it's a must for me as I get bored on treadmills.  The Locker rooms and showers are nice.  The staff is always friendly.  For those with kids, they have a daycare for while they workout.  Also, they have a bar/restaurant that serves good food.  So far I've had protein shakes and a salad, all of which were good.
2	The TV reception is absolutely horrible. I have emailed Prairie athletic club a couple times in regards to the situation. Both the new and the older treadmills and elliptical's all have horrible reception. The brand new ellipticals still need to be leveled out so they do not rock. Plan on bringing your iPod with headphones because even the new ellipticals headphone connections do not work.
5	I can say this place has really changed my life.When I first joined I mostly did it so our kids could go to the waterpark. Which we went to almost every day last summer. The kids all loved the slides and lazy river. I have kids that are in different age groups (pre-teen, school age, and toddler) and everyone found stuff to do.The gym its has a lot of options in how to work out. I started out just using the ellipticals and weights. And then I gained the courage to try some of the classes. Now I am hooked. I do classes 3-4 days a week. The instructors are very knowledgeable and do a great job motivating you. They remember you and do a good job of making you feel part of a group.The daycare is phenomenal. My youngest goes with me most days to the gym and runs in their smiling and ready to play. They all remember her name and do a great job of getting her settled if we are having a rough time dropping off. I do have to say the lay out is less than ideal with machines kind of scattered and hidden in little corners. I know some of the other members say they enjoy this, I would prefer it to not be so disjointed, but if that's my biggest complaint, then they are doing ok:)
