2	Yeah for another place in town serving Thrifty ice cream.  Drool.....So if I was just writing on the ice cream, it would be 5 stars easy.  This shop has 35 flavors to choose from at any time.  Cali's serves the wonderfully yummy Thrifty ice cream that we all remember and cherish from childhood.  On this visit we had the birthday cake and Medieval Madness flavors.  The birthday cake ice cream tasted just like a vanilla cake with vanilla butter cream frosting with some sprinkles thrown in.  The Medieval Madness flavor is a vanilla ice cream with 3 Musketeers candy bar mixed in.  Both were creamy and delicious.  Yum!Now for the bad part.  The shop is not visible from the street.  If you are looking for it, you have to hope to see the ice cream flags out front on the main street.  It is incredibly hard to find.  Why, because the business is in a weird building that seems to be an oddly shaped apartment building.  It is on the bottom floor in the back corner of this building.  You go inside and everything seems crammed in there.  The staff isn't super friendly and made me feel uncomfortable just being in there.  There are no seats or chairs or anywhere to sit and eat your ice cream.  We had to just take it and eat in the car because there is absolutely no where to sit, unless you go inside someone's apartment.There is almost no parking for this building because it is filled up with the resident's cars.  There were 5 parking spots in total.  I was lucky to get one spot in the back.  It was easy getting in, but extremely hard to get out.  I drive a mid-size sedan and still needed someone to help me get out of the spot due to the weird poles, bad parking of others, and a random gate in the way.  The whole building has a strange set up.Also, there seemed to be some unsavory people hanging out on the upstairs balcony.  I wouldn't want to come here at night by myself.  The only reason I would come back is if my mom wanted to come, since it is near her house.  This wouldn't be my first choice by far for ice cream on this side of town.
5	The Bomb!!!!!
5	Cali's Scoops serves Thrifty ice cream, which is really all you need to say. If you've never had it, leave work, school, or whatever and get some now. Flavors here range from normal ones like chocolate chip and cookie dough to things like blue bubblegum, circus cookies, and malt. I'd recommend them all.Prices are good and service is quick if there's not a line. Yes, the parking lot is very small, and there's not a lot of walking around room inside, but I also don't go to ice cream shops to hang out and eat there. I always get it to go, and I don't mind if I have to park down the street. I've been here at least three times now, and haven't had parking trouble or problems with the area yet. It can, however, be a little hard to spot, but they now have a big sign on the street that makes it easier.If you live in the area and want awesome ice cream, give Cali's Scoops a try!
5	I'm going to be a bit redundant and follow the other reviews already posted; Cali's Scoops is a Thrifty Ice Cream shop. If you haven't already had Thrifty Ice Cream, you owe it to yourself to try it out, whether it be at Cali's Scoops or elsewhere. It's really some of the best ice cream out there.That said, Cali's Scoops is a solid place to get said ice cream. Yes, the shop is tiny--blink and you'll miss it if you're cruising down Charleston--but the shop owner has done everything he can to make it visible, including multiple giant lit signs that you can see coming down Charleston from either direction.The parking lot is tiny, but I've never seen it full enough to cause problems getting in or out. For those worried about it being sketchy, you can really put those fears aside; not only is the parking lot super well-lit, but they also have multiple cameras set up to deter any kind of possible ne'er do well lurkers.The shop's size is a reflection of the parking lot; basically enough space to walk around, check out all the flavors, and pay. Definitely not a sit-down restaraunt, but you're getting ice cream, so who needs that? The staff is always helpful and friendly, quick to offer up samples so that you can make an informed purchase. They also offer some small snack foods on the side. They accept cash and credit/debit card, and have a stamp card program where you can earn a free cone for every five purchases you make.My girlfriend and I have been here quite a few times (we live right down the street) and have yet to have anything but a positive experience. I don't think you can count Cali's Scoops size and location against it; the selection/quality of the ice cream and the helpfulness of the staff make up for any shortcomings. We've already made this our go-to for any ice cream cravings.
4	Cali scoops serves Thrifty's ice cream!This place is affordable and small.The parking SUCKS. The Icecream they serve is delicious.I suggest circus animal cookie or pecan praline! Those are my personal favorites.They do cups, cones, and even milkshakes. They take cash and card.During my visit the poor guy was working alone which made a long line but in Reality the wait wasn't long. He was super nice! It was more the anticipation of getting some Icecream that made the wait seem longer.I'd give the place 5 stars if they were better staffed and if the parking was better.
5	This Thirfty Ice cream shop was amazing! it was super welcoming and had really , calming and original field to it! and not to mention clean.. they let me try all the ice cream before I picked the one I wanted. The service was excellent and fast they even let me use their private restroom which is not available for customers! #WINNER
5	Very friendly and delicious Ice cream in town, nothing like having a delicious scoop of ice cream with this heat ..love it here
3	1- Can't really go wrong with thrifty ice cream.2- Can't really go wrong with cheap ice cream.3- But you can really go wrong when it's in the ghetto. 4- And when there is no where to sit because the place is smaller than an average casino bathroom. Actually, A LOT, smaller than a casino bathroom. maybe... 3 walk-in closets put together.5- And when there is no where to park.The folks that work there are nice though and the place is clean-ish. It is what it is, and i'd only probably grab a milkshake from here if i'm in the immediate area dying from the heat.
4	Yes plz!! This place serves some bomb ass Ice Cream! Animal Cracker and Green Tea are amongst some of my favorite flavors. On top of that, it's a nice little mom and pop shop. The people that work there are really friendly as well, which is something rare in the neighborhood surrounding it. All in all, I highly recommend Cali scoops!
