5	We have been living at the Verona property for almost a year.  The apartment is beautiful and the amenities make you feel like you are at a first class resort.  The pool, spa, and surrounding sunning area are in a magnificent setting.  There is a wonderful clubhouse and well equipped fitness center.  I would highly recommend this property.
1	I live at the W.Post Rd Tesora property. The apartments, grounds, facility are resort quality and beautiful. The staff are all 5 star top notch, very friendly, always handle things promply and efficiently! The location is convenient and quiet.     HOWEVER, all that said, be prepared to pay a small fortune AND for your rent to go up (ALOT) everytime you renew your lease.  I am a long time resident,  have a ONE BEDROOM and pay $1227/mo!!!  They should wear masks.    If money is no object, this is the place for you. Myself, I will be sadly forced to move very soon.
1	I recently moved to Las Vegas from New York. The plan was to move into Madera, but  did not sign becausethe apartment was in sub-parcondition, and misrepresented (unintentionally).Although the property Manager (Yvonne) was delightful and did everything in her power to make up for the barrage of mistakes, The VP of Ovation Properties, Wendy White, is a disgusting and rude person. She is entirely unreasonable and childish. I not stress enough how unprofessional Wendy White, the Vice President is. During this time, we viewed all Ovation Properties within Summerlin and realized that they are all over-priced, and not even close to a decent value.In all, this was a horrifying experience, and an unnecessarily stressful way to start off a new life in a new city.I will never, ever reside under Ovation Properties solely because of Wendy White.
1	I have lived at the Tesora property on Post Rd for 9 months and had a great experience with staff and the facilities they provide. However, I was informed that my rent would increase by $125/month if I sign another 12 month lease.  I find that to be astounding.  I toured several other properties and asked them what their typical increase is each year.  ALL of them said they will not raise rent more than $25/month.When I mentioned this issue to Ovation, the management company, they told me the housing market has gone up so rents should too.  They said they could bring in new people at that higher rate. They have no regard for customer loyalty.  I have been a great tenant and have always paid rent on time, cleaned up after my pet, and have been respectful towards others.  I did not want to move, but I want to be with a management company that I can trust for years to come.  I have noticed other residents who are deciding to leave as well because of their rent hikes.  I cannot recommend them.
1	I wish I could put negative stars!!!! IE: Amalfi property. Everything was great when shelling out 4 grand to get in but after the honeymoon was over and the riff raft moved in I started expressing my concerns about the safety of myself and family and my right to a peaceful place to live. Then it started, I got labeled as an nuisance, high maintenance and an racist tenant. After 2.5 years the staff became estranged. I do not recommend this property or Ovation to anyone. Absolutely the most unprofessional and money greedy Corp. I've ever done business with. Let the reviews speak for themselves............
1	Several years ago, my son's maternal mother and I were searching for a new place to live.We ended up putting down a $250 deposit to hold a spot at Arzano (BEFORE IT WAS EVEN BUILT AND HAD UNITS AVAILABLE TO MOVE-IN!!!!), and decided not to move there as their pricing changed and move-in date changed........... They refused to refund any of the $250 and said it could only be used towards a rental property.What a terribly ran properly management company. Glad I bought a house (like you should do instead of rent to these suckers) instead of paying these con artists.
