4	FINALLY. I've been waiting for Urbana-Champaign to open up a Japanese ramen shop and one has finally opened. With an extensive menu of appetizers, fresh sashimi, sushi rolls, shoyu + miso ramen, and other korean dishes, you will definitely have to take some time to look over the menu. I would have to say that the sushi was the freshest I've ever tasted in Urbana-Champaign. Being from Florida, my standards for sushi are a bit high and have been disappointed over the past 2.5 years I have been living in the CU, but Sakanaya does not disappoint. Location is ideal as it is right on Green Street, the heart of the UofI campus. Parking can be hectic though. ($0.75/hr) Parking is free after 9pm and free on Sundays. There was a line the entire time we were there, but service was fast and friendly, so the line was constantly moving. Also, we went after opening day. The interior and exterior is very appealing, but the inside is a bit smaller than I would have imagined. The tables are pretty close to each other. The man next to our table was sitting alone, listening on our conversation and occasionally talked to us. Prices are a bit more expensive than I thought. Since it is catering to mostly college students, thinking of one's budget, the ramen bowl would've been nice at $8, instead of the $12. Portion size is good - shared a shoyu ramen bowl and kamakazi (sushi roll) with a friend and we were satisfied. (But there was still room left for dessert.) Ramen broths are pork-based. The pork melts in your mouth and the broth isn't too salty or bland - just right. It was a bit lukewarm though, but that's just preference. I like my soups really hot. The salmon on the kamakazi was really soft and melted in your mouth too. Definitely fresh. Tl;dr? - Sushi and ramen are good. Get it. - Atmosphere is romantic. Definitely a date night kind-of place. - Worth the experience/trip, not worth the price. Would've been better if it was $4 cheaper. Where else can you buy authentic Japanese ramen here, anyway?
2	I haven't eaten here.  I attempted to eat here, solo, on a Tuesday night at 7:45pm.   The wait, I was informed was 30-40minutes.   WHAT?!!?   So yah, this place is new....so maybe it was opening week excitement..... it's situated right in the middle of all those Chinese restaurants at Green and 4th.  The restaurant front looks like it's attempting to be trendy with just a big old piece of large plywood stretching from ground to roof.   You walk in, the restaurant is painted black... again.... an attempt at modern trendiness.   There's a sushi case as you walk in... no sushi bar.   The restaurant has small tables... all black.   Trendy.   I look at the menu... which is where I'm putting this two star review..... it's EXPENSIVE.  I mean, not as in, "I have to take out a loan or a new mortage" but it's expensive for sushi AND ramen in terms of any major city price.   A sushi deluxe here runs about $22.   In NYC, it starts at $18.... and that's for a mediocre place in Times Square which is still pretty-darn good.   Over at Sushi Kame on Church St, I think it's around $18 as well.  And unless Sakanaya has fishermen delivering their fish DAILY to this restaurant, I highly doubt that it's worth the price. The ramen, here, is $13.   This is where everything is out of whack.... in Tokyo --- the birth place of ramen.... a typical shoyu ramen costs, AT MOST, $8.   Up in Chicago, at Santoku... it's about $8 for a small bowl... $10 for a large.   In NYC, at Totto Ramen... the BEST ramen shop in all of NYC, where lines are snaking down the block at ALL HOURS, the ramen is $9.75.... if you want extra pork, then that puts it up at $11.   I don't know how Sakanaya is justifying this price, but it had better be hand-pulled noodles, 3-day simmered broth and berkshire pork....I will gladly update my review once I actually eat here, but until then based on these prices.... I'm skeptical.I walked across the street to Pho 911 for a nice big bowl of soup.... $8.75.... no wait.
1	It's the Saturday before Thanksgiving at 8pm... I ventured into Campustown... it was a ghost town.  I figured this would be an awesome chance to eat here... finally.  Walk in the door... oops, 40 minutes wait.  Wha-wha-what?!?!?   Disappointed, I decided to order take out.... since this was my first time ordering sushi here, I decided to just go with my standard order of a spicy salmon roll -- I use it to compare to my standard ideal of a good spicy salmon roll.  Hostess was friendly but said it was 10-15 minutes before I get the order.  ?!!?!?!   The sushi chef is already spreading the rice down on the nori?!!  Whatever.... I had my takeout in hand after 3 minutes.  I think this hostess is just over-exaggerating the wait time so that when your name is finally called, you'll be all excited and feel that expectations are exceeded.I must say that the packaging of my take-out was excellent.   It was in a narrow box with chopsticks,soy sauce, and napkin neatly wrapped around it in an elastic.   That's my only positive point of the takeout.The roll looked awful at fist sight.... something didn't look right about the rice.  Not sure what it was.   It sure didn't taste any better.  99% of spicy salmon rolls that I've had are covered in a spicy mayo.   I swear that this was just squirted with a bit of a sweetened schiracha sauce.  And the rice was not cooked properly... it still had a bite to it and was grainy.  It also was not seasoned properly.... I've eaten at some high end sushi joints in New York AND Tokyo, and I've even attempted to make it and I know that there was hardly any rice vinegar in this.... you could taste every single grain of rice.   You know how they say that sushi is supposed to be the perfect balance of rice to fish and when served at the perfect temperature (body temp FYI), it is supposed to create a wonderful sensation in your mind and body.... yah, well, these sushi chefs need to go back to sushi-school or at least a REAL sushi restaurant and wash rice for three years before they even attempt sushi again.    Again, it was expensive for a salmon roll -- $7.   I've had better from a grocery store (I haven't eaten that stuff in about 10 years but still, it was better.).   I still want to try the ramen, but now I'm not so sure... something in the back of my mind is screaming, "ARE YOU NUTS?!??!!?"To the salmon that gave its life for this sad excuse of a sushi roll.... I am sorry, but your death was for nothing.
5	Don't listen to these bozos who are giving this place static.Sakanaya is absolutely delicious, from the sushi, to the ramen, to the nigiri -- and the service was spectacular. The wait? Yeah. Big deal. It's dinner at a place people actually want to eat. The prices? Yeah, decent food actually costs a few bucks, especially when it's served to you and you don't have to bus your own table. Three cheers for Sakanaya!
5	Sushi in Chambana can usually leave little to be desired, but Sakanaya was a pleasant change of pace. A bit on the pricier end of Green Street fare, but if you're looking for great sushi, look no further than Sakanaya.
3	After waiting for more than 75 minutes (were told 30-40 minutes) for a party of 3, we were utterly disappointed. We had all three ramen (Shoyu, Tonkotsu, and Miso) and an order of the Sakanaya specialty roll. The sushi was pretty decent but nothing special for the price. I guess I shouldn't be expecting too much but I was really hoping to like the ramen. The Shoyu ramen was really salty but the other two were lacking in taste. The staff were all really nice but our waiter wasn't very attentive which added to the extra hour of waiting for my bill, paying, etc. Even though the food was a little so-so, I really love the new concept and the fancy modern addition to Green street! But I'm sadly to say that I might not be coming too often until the big hype is over. Glad they brought something different and new to campus!
4	Gotta have a good laugh at the reviews that are posted by people that "haven't even been there" yet.  Or those that are flabbergasted that a new, small restaurant with some buzz about it might not have a table open right when you walk in.  Party of seven on the Saturday evening of opening weekend?  Oh, of course.  Luckily some reviews have started to trickle in from people who have a clue what they're talking about.First trip in we grabbed some gyoza (solid) for the table to get things going, and then a Sakanaya Roll and Emperor's Roll to split, along with some otoro nigiri.  The rolls were great, but this place is packing pretty decent fish, so don't be afraid to go nigiri/sashimi.With all of the ramen talk, that was gonna be our focus.  Miso and tonkotsu were both well-prepared, with more noodles than we expected and good (but maybe sparse) pork.  My only problem was with the preparation of the egg that's included, which is more of a personal taste thing, as it seemed like a tea egg.  Overall very good.  We just got back from NYC and managed to squeeze in both Ippudo and a hole-in-the-wall hand-pulled noodle place in Chinatown, so I can't say it's the BEST ramen I've had recently, but we grade this shit on a curve based on location, right?  Second time around I went with the pork bul-goki.  Nice spice and well-prepared.  Miso soup was good and the salad was really nice.  Good to see a place like this open up and go all-out on ambiance and storefront design on top of menu.  Would like to see some more options available for the ramen, but that might be something that comes after the kinks are worked out.
4	I have been here three times and every-time was a good experience! Especially highly recommend signature roll- Sakanaya roll and VIP. I would like to try all the rolls later.
5	My family went there this past Sunday for our second visit.  The place is beautiful and stylish, as are the way all things are presented.  The attention to the detail is evident in the choice of the water bottles, the soy sauce dispensers and all the glamourous black plates and chopsticks, as well as, the absolutely stunning way the dining room has been designed.  The staff is friendly and caring and the service is perfect.  All of that is great, but what ultimately makes a restaurant special is the food, and our family found the sushi at Sakanaya to be unbelievably fresh, varied and beautifully prepared & presented, and most importantly delicious.  This is just an amazing sushi bar.  We intend to try the Ramen on our next visit.  It looked beautiful when it wafted by.Because Sakanaya has been so wholeheartedly embraced by the U of I student population,  be patient and be prepared for a wait, but the food and the environment make it all totally worthwhile(you can go hang out at a nearby bar or shop and they will call you when your table is ready).  We had a fantastic meal and great time.  If you love great food, then you owe it to yourself to check out Sakanaya.One last note, I concur with Seth's comment re: the early and ignorant review. That was useless and not helpful at all.  Sakanaya is a great restaurant serving great food.    sometimes waiting for a table is worth it and if you consider the quality of the experience and the excellent food, then the value is high and huge.    Great place.  Go now.
1	Ordered "I love salmon" take-out and they missed the handroll! I called them back and they refused to compensate. $22 dollars without a handroll? I can get the same items from Sushi Rock with much cheaper price. Sucks!!!
5	Absolutely amazing from food to the decor and overall environment. Hands down new favorite spot in Champaign. How good is it? Well we went there for dinner and same night came back for the late night menu and the wings were just as delicious as the sushi rolls and the ramen we had earlier that evening. Absolutely a must try.
4	I totally have a soft spot for this place. Small, yes. But delicious and worth the wait. Love the ramen and seaweed salad. Hot sake is huge for $6. Nick the manager is totally awesome and super attentive to customers. Service is always with a smile. Fish quality in sushi is fresh and better than most places here. My only complaint is the portion size with the sake don. For $17, expecting more fish. This is basically appetizer size in Seattle. Wish they were open for lunch too.
5	I was not a fan of sushi before coming here, but I thought I'd try it again with some people who were a little more sushi-savvy than I. Boy did this place change my perspectives! I was so happy with my whole experience here. We had a party of four and ordered 4 Miso Soups, 2 Ramens, and 5 Sushi Rolls. It was the night before finals week started, so we decided to go all out. The 5 Sushi Rolls that we got were California, Playgirl, Windy City, VIP and Gold Rush. I voted the Gold Rush my favorite (also the most expensive), then playgirl, VIP, Cali, and then Windy City. I'm not really a fan of fish, so I was a little worried about that, but all of the ones we ordered had fish, and loved them all. We got  our food very quickly and everything was gorgeous. The atmosphere was very contemporary and felt like I was in an upscale sushi restaurant in the city. It was nice to have something so close to me at school, and so classy. We left feeling full, but not weighed down. Everything was so fresh and beautifully presented. I will be checking out a lot more sushi restaurants from now on. It was a little pricey (we wound up paying around $115 for the table) but we left extremely satisfied.
5	Definitely my new favorite sushi place in town.  It's a little expensive - hopefully they come out with some cheaper lunch/takeout options!
4	Damn good Sushi to be in the middle of the Midwest. The Ramen is hearty and yummy too! the Willis tower appetizer is a favorite among me and my sushi snobbish friends. The decor is super New Yorky and pleasant. It is very small and every time I have gone it has been packed! It sucks that it is on campus as I hate trying to maneuver in campustown and there is NO parking but it is worth the trek if you are looking for the best sushi in Chambana with a side of Ramen and other adventurous Asian fusion options.  (Oh did I mention that are open til 1am or something crazy like that? Holla!)
4	Sakanaya is a new sushi restaurant that opened up a couple months ago. You'll notice that it looks out of place because the front looks like it's made out of wood. But as you walk in, the decor makes it look like any downtown restaurant. The interior is small but they make use of every bit of space while making it still look open. My girlfriend and I decided to visit it last Saturday.When looking at the menu, you'll notice that it's just 3 pages (another Yelper posted it earlier). You'll see that it has the standard variety of sushi and rolls with a few unique creations. While some may think the limited menu is disappointing, I consider it refreshing. It reminds me of Big Grove Tavern's menu, where it isn't cluttered and highlights tasteful entrees. My only complaint is that most of the entrees are priced above average.The food, now that's the best part. I've had sushi everywhere in Champaign (Yellowfin, Oishi, Sushi Kame, Ko Fusion, etc.). Sakanaya ranks among the best, as one of the places that serves the freshest and tastiest sushi. I also enjoyed the Champaign/Urbana roll. For those who are new to sushi, the C/U roll and salmon and tuna sushi are good ways to get introduced. The service was good as well. Our waiter was very attentive. He even gave me free miso soup because he thought I'd be "left out" since my girlfriend was getting soup with her entree. All in all, I'd recommend Sakanaya as an occasional date spot night. It has some of the best sushi in town for a somewhat high price. You can bet I'll be coming back sometime soon.
5	visiting from GA, great restaurant!! all the food was great, service and atmosphere!! definitely will recommend and come back! great job!!!! A+++
3	This restaurant is pretty good, though expensive for what it is. The fish was fresh and the service was fine. I agree with another reviewer who said that the hot house sake was a large carafe and a good deal for $6. The decor gives the space a clean feel, especially compared to some of the other restaurants on that block. I went with two friends, and each of us ordered a regular roll and then split a specialty roll. I wanted to get sake don instead of a roll, but it was just too expensive. Overall, this is a solid little sushi place and I would come here again... if someone else was paying.
5	Good sushi. Great atmosphere and attention to detail with everything from the cups to soy sauce bottles. One of my new favorite spots on Green St!The one issue is that it's tiny so there may be a wait.
3	I've been sitting on this review for a while, mulling it over.  My husband and I went here a month or so ago right at opening time.  By the time we were seated, there were already people waiting to get in.  Seems like people were as excited by Sakanaya as we were.  Aside from the pop-up ramen nights that happen from time to time, there hasn't been a place in town to get real ramen.  I'm sad to say that I'm still waiting for a good ramen place.The ambiance in Sakanaya is really really impressive, especially remembering what Sushi Avenue (the restaurant formerly in this location) used to look like.  Very nice date-night atmosphere with low lights and a beautiful interior.  However, that kind of thing factors in pretty low on my set of priorities.  My husband and I both ordered a bowl of ramen.  They're pretty huge, easily a meal by itself or more than that if you haven't got a big appetite.  However, at $12-$13 it was overpriced.  The noodles were sticking to each other (like they'd been sitting around for a while cooling), and the broth had no depth of flavor.  At first bite the broth's flavor was quite good, but as I got closer to the end of the bowl I realized how completely unremarkable it was.  The pork slices were good, but not great, and the hardboiled egg was nothing special, either.  Additionally, I found the inclusion of corn baffling and off-putting.  I would pay maybe $8 or $9 for this ramen.  At Mitsuwa up near Chicago, $10 buys a pretty remarkable bowl of ramen from the Santouka shop, and that is my frame of reference for this meal.We also got a couple pieces of sushi with our meal which were about on-par with our other favorite places in town, Sushi Kame and Yellowfin.  In short, the sushi is good but a bit more expensive than other places in town, and the ramen would be serviceable if it cost about $4 less.  I think you will like this place if you don't mind paying a bit more for a fancy atmosphere, but I probably won't be back.
4	I visited U of I recently and was looking for a place to eat on green st. since it was within walking distance from my friend's apartment. 4 stars for this place and something I hadn't been to before, sounds good to me. I was a little hesitant though since there were no elite reviews and some of the reviews seem like fakes, but here's mine. Hopefully you can trust me.I walked in and it looks really nice, nice decorations and everything, just really small. Put our name in and waited probably 20 minutes or so to be seated. People love their sushi on a Saturday night I guess. I recommend calling for a reservation, and don't plan on coming if you have more that 4 people since there's barely enough tables as is. From what I read, the ramen was pretty good. My friend told me that too and the waiter said that's what they were known for so that sounded good to me. The gf and I both got ramen, forgot what their names were though. We did have different broths though and I liked mine better. Hers was the first one listed and mine was the second. I'm definitely a fan of this. I usually don't like ramen since you can pay 10 cents and make it in the microwave as opposed to paying 13 bucks for this one, but this was good. Meat was even tender and the dish as a whole was pretty solid.We also ordered a sakanaya roll which was recommended by our waiter. Guess the sushi was backed up since it took a while for it to get out to us. To be honest I wasn't really a fan. Tasted fine but wasn't anything special. It was room temperature, so it just makes me think that it was sitting out for a while, but hey that may be your cup of tea, who knows. But anyway, 4 stars for the ramen dishes pretty much.
4	This was perhaps the best sushi I have had in America! The restaurant is very cool, the service was lovely, and the food was to die for. I would recommend the playgirl sushi roll!I couldn't give that last star because they didn't have reservations or call ahead seating.
4	We ate here tonight for a friend's 40th birthday and had a great time!Pros:- Hip and fun atmosphere- Excellent service- Beautiful presentation- Everything was fresh Cons:- Seemed overpriced- Sushi was good, but not great.  I thought the maki rolls were small. Others seemed happy with their nigiri. Hubby said the philly roll was delish.. - Not as wide of a selection of sushi as some other places.- Ramen was really good, but again, not $12 or $13 good.  The broth could've been a bit more flavorful, but I wasn't unhappy with it.
5	Definitely make sure to show up early. The tables filled up quick when they opened up for dinner hours at 5pm.I ordered the Bulgoki and my friend ordered the Miso Ramen. The Bulgoki was visually pleasing. I had never gotten Bulgoki with a side salad, two sushi pieces, and two pieces of crispy tofu. I felt like it was worth the price for what I got. I've spent about $12 for Bulgogi at other restaurants, but it was only the meat and rice. So Sakanaya gave a nice addition. I also thought it was a good way to still put a little Japanese influence in the dish. For the Miso Ramen, it was tasty. It was a big bowl of Ramen definitely not something you can find elsewhere on Green St. The pork was very tender and the broth just made it taste better.Overall, it was a good food night. I definitely recommend Sakanaya if you want a nice place to go for dinner. The food's taste matches the decor: awesome.
5	Fantastic! My favorite Japanese restaurant in Urbana-Champaign.
3	The decor, service and overall ambience was great and a change from campus life outside but honestly the food was only okay. Don't get me wrong it was enjoyable but especially for the prices I feel as though you pay for the experience rather than the food itself. The ramen was okay--nowhere near as good as authentic Japanese ramen from NYC but not bad.
4	Went there for dinner. As other reviewers said, be prepared to wait if you didn't make a reservation ahead of time, as the restaurant is very small. They said we would have to wait 30-45 minutes, but it ended up only taking 10-15 so it wasn't too bad.  The quality of the food was very good, but I felt like we were paying more for the atmosphere than the food itself (though, to be fair, the atmosphere was quite nice--definitely a good place for a date if you don't mind it being a little bit on the loud side).  I'd go back, but it's one of those places where I feel like I would need to eat something either before or after to be really satisfied.
4	Oh wow, an actual ramen place on campus. Who would have thought? People complaining about the price of ramen obviously have not had their share of ramen to know pricing. It's about what you'll pay at any restaurant, except maybe street vendors or whatnot. Anyways, the ramen is decent, not amazing. It's probably the best you'll find on campus. What makes the ramen? The broth. Being the snob I am, I asked for a little bit of each ramen's broth but was told that they make the broth with each bowl of ramen. Hmm. Some flags when up there. Regardless, I tried both the soy based and chicken based broths and found there was really nothing special about either of them. Again, if you're looking for ramen this place is the best bet, but don't expect anything spectacular.The sushi was what I was more impressed with, as every single place on campus was disappointing me (apart from Cheese and Crackers who imports their fish overnight) but the fish was surprisingly fresh and they gave me considerable chunks of fish for my nigiri. Delicious white tuna by the way.I'd definitely go back for the sushi. If they ever change the ramen or I'm super desperate for some at 2:00 AM or something I'll give this place another try.*Also there were little things I really liked about the place like the atmosphere, the little pipettes they use for soy sauce, and especially the fact that they give you an entire jug of water for your table.
4	I really like sushi, and I wasn't super hungry so I went with that. I ordered tuna rolls, plus some salmon and salmon roe nigiri. The rolls were average, but the nigiri was fantastic! Perhaps some of the best I've had. The fish was huge, and beautifully displayed. It was obviously a quality piece of fish. Oh yeah, and it tasted good too.We had a bit of a wait for our table, which gave me plenty of time to admire the decor and ambiance (both great). The waitstaff was professional and friendly, even when I couldn't make up my mind, or remember what I had already ordered.Overall, this is a classy place with great food. Next time I'll have to try the ramen, and maybe in a while I'll consider this place 5 stars!
5	SO and I are looking for a go to sushi place in this barren wasteland called Chambana. And boy did we find one.The Good:-The Sakanaya roll was salmon, crab salad, avocado on the inside and it was topped with torched scallops and fish flakes. It was extremely good, the fish flakes brought an interesting twist to it, great texture,-Blue-fin tuna sashimi. Our waiter recommended the current special, which was priced at 2.5 per piece. Neither my SO or I particularly like sashimi, but we both loved it, it was fantastic.-The miso soup was just the right amount  saltiness and fantastic flavor.-We also got the Una-Q roll and the Salmon roll, and both were well really well wrapped and delicious. The eel in the Una-Q roll melts in your mouth.-The ambiance! It's exactly what we were looking for, upscale but still casual. Fantastic.-The service is also fantastic! Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable. The Bad:NOTHING!Overall:Absolutely fantastic. We will be back again soon, I guarantee it.
5	This is a hidden gem that you might never expect in Champaign, IL. The freshness of the sushi and sashimi is unparalleled and the quality of fish is amazing. Gio, the manager, is a superstar and succeeds in running a tight ship with superb food! It's relatively small, so make sure to get a reservation if it's a busy weekend. Thanks for the fabulous experience!
5	This is easily the best sushi restaurant in Champaign. Part of that is the fact that it takes you out of Champaign and makes you feel like you're in a real city. The atmosphere is very relaxing and lounge-like. Our waitress was attentive, kind, and down-to-earth. I had the Gold Rush 1848 roll (grilled eel with gold leaf flake on top, gorgeous) and my boyfriend ordered chicken katsu. Both were excellent and we're looking forward to coming back soon! This place presents its food artfully.
5	Best Sushi in Champaign! I use to live in Miami, FL and this sushi is comparable. Beats Kofusion!
5	Lovely. Best sushi on campus, though the ramen is a bit overpriced. Clean interior, polite staff though a bit of a wait. I recommend the salmon platter for some simple but well executed sushi. The hand roll? Work of art. Owners are lovely as well, often doubling up as waiters.
5	I loved absolutely everything about eating here. The sushi is the best I've had, and far superior than other restaurants in Champaign. I know other people say that the ramen may be overpriced, but the portions are huge and delicious. I love the interior and all the little details they took into consideration (the glasses, the authentic wood pieces)...The service was also amazing. You must try the Korean soju! the most unique drink I've ever had!
4	Great, fresh, delicious sushi. It tasted almost as good as the sushi I had in Seattle. The servers were really busy but overall did a good job. They had to move our table for a bigger party, and gave us complimentary dumplings in return. I recommend the Crunch Munch rolls! Also, their soy sauce comes in an eye dropper.
5	Hands down the best RAMEN place in town! Sushi is good, so is the tempera. Never tried the sasimi here. Unagi don is just average in Champaign/Urbana area. I thought I could find better ramen places in San Francisco bay area, since, you know, this is just in Champaign. But turns out, Sakanaya's ramen beats two of the ramen places I tried in SF, both of which has 4/5 stars on Yelp. If you have the craving for ramen, definitely come here!
5	Wings is fabulous! Crispy! Yum!
5	This is by far the best sushi place in Champaign. It explains why there's usually a line outside the door of this classy establishment. Keep in mind that Japanese restaurants tend to sacrifice quantity for quality and at Sakanaya, you are definitely paying for high quality food. The lunch and dinner menus are different and note that the lunch menu has lunch specials if you're looking to save some money. I hope they release their menu online sometime in the future.
4	A nice Japanese/sushi restaurant, and conveniently located for University students. I had the spicy shrimp tempura udon and an Alaska roll. The udon was definitely spicy (as promised), but not so much that I couldn't enjoy the dish. Overall I was very happy with my meal. The ambiance of the place is very nice, but a little too hip for my taste. Lighting is pretty dim and my friend and I had a little trouble figuring out how the water pitcher worked. In the end, though, I think everything about this place comes together pretty well, and it deserves its spot in Chambana's pantheon of great restaurants.
5	Best japanese food on the campus. Though it's a little pricy, the quality of the fish is very good. Suggest try gold rush, alligator, spider, and sakanaya. Ramen is no that great.
5	Fresh, delicious sushi! I was in town traveling for work and followed the great reviews to see for myself. It was awesome! Would recommend to anyone.
5	Really great sushi! A little bit pricy but definitely worth it for the quality of food. I can't wait to go back and try the noodle dishes. Go here-- you won't be disappointed!
5	Great space and wonderfully unique dishes. Staff is great. No wine for purchase but bring yours for a small corking fee.. We simply loved it!
5	A good sushi restaurant in Central Illinois? Yeah, I had my doubts too. But Sakanaya is here to make you a believer. This coming from a Southern CA native.  The fish was fresh and the rolls were inventive. Looking forward to trying the ramen next time!
5	I'm gonna keep this short. The sushi at Sakanaya was terrific. Specifically, the Sakanaya, the Alligator, and the Crunch Munch rolls were all amazing. It is understandably pricy so not your average college fare. Quickie review: best sushi on campus. Come here if you're willing to spend 25-35 dollars on food.
4	Ahhh, I miss the Sakanaya roll. Barely any of the sushi places on campus offer scallop, so I immediately ordered it. It's awesome! Seared scallop with bonito flakes tops the roll and it has salmon, crab meat, and avocado (okay, so a really glorified Cali roll), but it's very tasty and presented gorgeously. It's around $14, so be ready to part with your cash! The treat is definitely worth it though.The ramen is delicious, albeit pricey. Huge portions of everything are in your ramen. My only complaint is that some of my ramen noodles had a strange. mild soapy taste. The pork broth had a strong, savory flavor, and I recommend getting the tonkotsu ramen. The slices of pork and veggies are also generous, which I really liked. It's not the best ramen I've ever had, so I don't think the price is warranted. The interior is very small and a bit cramped when it's full of people coming in and out, so be ready to be bumped a bit or squeeze by people at dinner. However, the staff are polite and do their best to stay organized; they use an iPad system to keep track of orders and tables, and they wait in the back or to the side while on standby to avoid collisions. I think it's considerate because the wait might take a while (even with a reservation), so you can walk around on Green Street and they'll call you when a table opens up.So far it's the only place on campus that has good ramen, so I suppose I could say I'm a fan.
4	We thought the food was wonderful. Hot, spicy flavorful Ramen. HOWEVER, the egg wa totally overcooked which seemed like such a shame. The water jars with the definition of water on the side of the bottle gave us a little chuckle so I will still give this place four stars, mainly because the food was basically amazing. The egg though. Shameful.
3	I give it a decent rating bc the place is just too pretty and the servers super nice. However, the ramen was just ok, nothing special. Thats the only thing I had besides the octapus which was also not bad. Leaves a lot to be desired tho.
5	Yummy food and reasonable prices. Cute decoration and dishes. They had some special and different sushi rolls that are worth a try. I liked everything about this place and strongly recommend it if you want to have fresh and delicious sushi.
4	Came here for dinner on a Friday evening. It's a little small, so prepare to wait at prime dining hours. We had the sakanaya and kamikaze rolls and fatty salmon to share. The sakanaya roll was particularly good- crab, avocado, and salmon, topped with scallop and fish flakes. Really, really good. One of the better sushi rolls I've had at any sushi place. Both rolls were nicely presented. Fatty salmon is my weakness, and Sakanaya's is very expensive per piece ($9!) but it was pretty worth it tonight. While it wasn't the best piece I've ever had, it was still melt-in-your-mouth delicious. If you ever get the chance, you need to try fatty salmon! For the rest of our meal, we had tonkatsu ramen. I have to say, I wasn't blown away by the ramen. I'd give it three stars. The broth was the right color and consistency, but it really lacked the richness and pork flavor that tonkatsu ramen should have. It just tasted a little thin and bland. Definitely need to work on that. The noodles themselves were nice and chewy, so no complaints about that. Meat was tasty, but cut pretty thin. Thumbs down for the egg, which was hard boiled and cold... Skimpy on the bamboo shoots. I was happy about the noodles, but the rest of the ramen was just okay. Overall, I'd give Sakanaya 3.5 stars. The sushi is great but I think the ramen could be improved a lot. I'd love to explore the rest of the menu some time. I'll definitely be back, at least for sushi!
5	Really pleasantly surprised. First class sushi, right on campus, in central Illinois? Amazing! The decor is really nice, the service is top notch and most importantly - the fish / sushi itself is really great quality. We had some miso soup, hot sake, a couple of specialty sushi rolls (Sakanaya and OMG), a classic spicy tuna and shrimp tempura. Everything was delicious, fresh and well presented. This is certainly the best sushi place in town!
5	Brilliant. Really took care of our 5 and 6 year old kids. Food was excellent as was the Saki.
5	I went there last week and the food was amazing. I haven't had much sushi in life but this was great. The staff was very welcoming and helpful. I wasnt so sure of which sake to have and the server gave me a nice description of each of them and helped me choose one.
4	I've been looking for Japanese cuisine restaurant at UIUC for the recent two weeks. It's a great place to visit if u wanna have sth special here
3	As a huge fan of sushi and sashimi, i thought this place was okaythe ambience is 10/10 and the drinks are amazing.i was not impressed by the $20 ramen that was yes, full of other things, BUT the noodles still tasted like the packaged ones :(if it was $10 i would not be complaining, but they ask far too much money for the lack of taste (ok so i guess its fine if you dont know anything about food)the sashimi was cut into very short pieces, making me feel like i was getting half of what i paid for. the flying fish roe was perfect though.yeah they have cute water bottle and stuff, but i feel like this places sells the look more than the food. if they worked harder on their flavour, i would be a huge fan.unfortunately i'm the kind of girl who wants to see what you can do rather than how you look, so 3 stars for me(dont get me wrong, i understand the cost of decorating and operating a business this nice. it's cute and it comes out of your wallet. i just go out for food, not to stare at walls)
4	This place was very delicious and overall a great experience. They have very exotic and traditional food! I got sushi and my dad got a sea urchin!! What's really awesome is that all of their fish is wild-caught and not farm raised!!! The place is tiny but very beautiful, clean, inviting and the staff is very nice! We were in and out within an hour, but keep in mind we did get there right when it opened so it wasn't very busy. I've heard that when it's busy you'll be waiting a loooong time. Overall a pretty awesome place!
4	This restaurant impressed me with its attention to detail. Right from the get go- you have the laminate wood exterior, and the zen feel is all throughout the interior. The posh, slate colored trim and the dim oversized lightbulbs gives it an industrial flavor. You see the detail work in the silverware, menu, even the napkins... the ambiance outranks all of the other campus restaurants out there. This meticulous attention is of course given to the food. I'm a bit picky about my sushi and I can say that the sushi here is fantastic. I've had their cold noodles and ramen as well. Like the sushi, they all have a balanced composition of flavor and texture. Its definitely worth going to for a nice dinner out on campus.
5	You get what you pay for. Quality of the fish is amazing for f47king central Illinois. Decor and ambiance is nice. Best part of Sakanaya was the service of the hostess. Incredibly helpful.
5	Best rolls in champaign! For a good price too! Service is prompt. Wait can be pretty long (15-25 mins) during peak hours but it is worth it. I recommend the play girl rolls and spicy tonkasu ramen. Udon is good too. A must try!
5	Holy crap.  When I came to visit my baby brother in college (where the heck is Urbana-Champaign, anyways??), I thought that I would be eating the run-of-the-mill college food.  Mentally prepared for dry burgers and overcooked pasta, I was nearly weeping with joy when I saw that there was a good sushi place.Sakanaya did not disappoint.  My brother and I had the Playgirl and the normal spicy tuna and salmon avocado rolls.  The Playgirl was DELICIOUS (how do you fit that much crunchy flavor into one bite?).  The spicy tuna also came in chunks rolling in spicy sauce, none of that nasty mayo stuff.  It was so good we practically inhaled it.It is a small restaurant, so if you come during a prime time there will be a short wait.  It was around 20 minutes for us at 6:30 PM on a Sunday, so not enough to deter me next time.Now that we discovered Sakanaya, I may be a leeetttle more inclined to come visit UIUC again.  Mmmmmm.
5	Good presentation, great staff and service, appropriate atmosphere, and delicious food.Try: Willis tower (worth the money), salmon lovers dish, and all the restDon't try: ramen or that fancy lobster tail shell roll I will certainly be back for my sushi fix.
4	Went at dinner time with a friend. My Sakanaya roll was ok. Nothing impressive. For a 15 dollar roll I expect a little more flavor. Her 6 dollar California roll actually tasted a lot better than mine. The atmosphere's nice. I love the decoration and design. I'll probably come back to try a different roll. So far I still think the lunch eel roll is the best. I guess I'll stick to lunch now
5	This place probably has the best vibe in Champaign for restaurants. Very modern interior and professional waitstaff. I've been here several times while I was out here in Champaign and none disappointed. The ramen is good, sushi is much better than any others in Champaign, and appetizers are delicious! This place will definitely be successful. It's on the higher end in terms of pricing compared to everything else on the street, but you need to treat yourself every now and then. It's on the further end of Green St, but worth the trek.Be sure to try their sushi and ramen out! Their specials have always been delicious!
4	Great atmosphere. Right on university campus but without too many students. The Sushi, Rolls and Ramen are great. I drank Korean rice wine and sparkling peach sake, both were delicious. The restaurant has a Korean twist on Japanese udon, making it spicy. Personally not a favorite. But I will go again for sushi, ramen and drinks.
5	It's pricey, but the environment is nice and the ramen is great! Sushi is delicious :)
5	My favorite Sushi place in town. I love their sashimi, sushi, they are so fresh. Tasted awesome.  Ramen is also excellent.  After eating here, it is hard for me to go to the other sushi places in town.
5	This place is the most unassuming little building on Green Street, so it took my roommate and me a while to try it. But man are we glad we did.The place has a really relaxed lounge-like atmosphere, and a very modern feel. There aren't a lot of tables, so there's usually a wait during dinner hours, but they take your cell phone number and text you when your table is ready. So you're free to wander around a bit if you want while you wait.The menu is admittedly a bit pricey, but the portions are generous and filling. The first time I was here, I got the bul-goki, which came with a mountain of delicious marinated beef, a salad, and a few pieces of sushi. I can eat a lot, and I still couldn't quite finish!If you have some spare cash to burn and are looking for a delicious and flavorful dinner, this is a place that should be high on your list.
4	good
5	Incredible sushi. Beautiful decor. My favorite restaurant in all Chambana.
3	I liked it a lot when it first opened last year. The line was so long and you always need to get there 30 minutes before you open to get a seat immediately, otherwise you would need to wait for at least an hour. It was worth the wait because of the atmosphere that's good for dating and seafood was very fresh. However, everything changed. Their seafood is no more fresh, but their prices are way higher than the average. I don't really have a reason going there anymore. Why would you pay more to get something very average?
5	This place was great! They had probably the best hwe dup bop I've ever had, with bits of seasonal apple along with the more standard toppings. We also tried some sparkly Korean blackberry wine, which even though it sounds like it might be sickly sweet, is actually malty and refreshing and goes well with food. They also threw on an unexpected side order of chicken wings, which I thought were super-tasty and I don't even really like fried things all that much. Would eat again.
5	This was our first visit to Sakanaya. By far the best sushi we have had in the Midwest, including Chicago! We highly recommend the Sakanaya & White Emperor Rolls. The place is small but very modern. The wait staff is friendly and professional. We had fun looking at all of the plates being delivered to other tables. We can't wait to return!!
5	It was our first time eating here and had a great experience (we will definitely go back)!  We eat sushi a lot, and wanted to try a new place, especially while the students were out of town.  The atmosphere is great (you feel miles away from campus town on the inside)- very nice decor.  Our server and all the staff were great- they brought us an appetizer on the house which was delicious (they came and explained what to do because we looked a little confused- it was a tower of rice, crab meat (I think), and spicy tuna (I think) with sauces and you mix it together- Mmm!  The sushi was great- very fresh and a lot of variety!  We picked from specialty rolls.  I loved the kamikaze and playgirl, and we had about 3 others too- very filling.My boyfriend had the hot sake and I had the peach sparkling sake, and they were both great.Highly recommend going here!  I'm not sure how busy it is when students are around (parking is a little far away as we parked on fifth street at meters, so may be harder when school is in session), but wonderful addition to campus town and sushi places in town!
5	I was so impressed with Sakanaya!My brother and I were in town for the holidays and after stuffing ourselves for 2 days straight we were both ready for something light. Naturally, I hopped on yelp to check out the sushi situation in Chambana and came across this place. So glad I did.Since the students were gone for the holiday I thought we would be okay getting in and we were. There was a 5 minute wait which was a-okay with me. This place is TINY so i can only imagine how packed it gets but the short wait gave us time to check out the fish and it looked beautiful so we knew we were in for a treat.We ended up doing a chef's choice sashimi plate and it was wonderful. The fish was fresh and delicious! Service was friendly and efficient and I love the modern decor. By far the best sushi i've had in the midwest. Nice job Sakanaya! Now can you just expand already so next time I come in town i can come in without a wait ;)
4	amazing food, unique menu and great atmosphere. only complaint is the restaurant is small so there is always a long wait
4	I was in town visiting and my cousin picked out Sakanaya for us. We are definitely a ramen loving family, so it's a must that we get together to enjoy a hot bowl on those cold winter days! We walked in for lunch, party of 10 and we were lucky enough they had tables to put together for us. I was digging the ambiance of the restaurant. It had that new, hip feel to it, while still keeping that Japanese classy feel. It got pretty busy after we had been there for a bit, so I could tell this place was popular in town. Also, I do have to mention their ladies room. It was sooo clean! I love when restaurants take care of their restrooms. To me, that is a sign of a good establishment. Our waitress, her name has slipped my mind (Sophia, maybe?) was a sweet girl. Very polite and attentive. She took care of us very well by answering all of our questions and seeing to it that our needs were met. The lunch menu was a bit lacking. It was very small, and from what the waitress told us, we couldn't really order anything off of the dinner menu. We were strictly stuck to the lunch menu, and that was frustrating. I was craving nigiri and sashimi as well! I ordered a bowl of their Soicy Tonkotsu ramen. and split a roll combo (choice of one regular roll + one yaya roll), but she let us substitute a different roll for the yaya, so we ended up getting a tuna and salmon roll for the combo. RAMEN -  It wasn't spicy enough, so I asked for another side of the spicy paste they used in the bowl itself. That made it the perfect level of spicy! Unfortunately, I can't say anything else about the bowl was perfect.. In all honesty, the broth and noodles tasted like instant ramen. The noodles were extremely soft and soggy. The spicy paste made the broth taste better, but it still lacked that heavy, full of flavor, ramen broth I'm used to back home. Also, there was a BUNCH of white onions AND green onions. If I didn't love onions, I would definitely say it was overkill (which is what another cousin said of their bowl). I'm not used to white onions in my ramen either, so that kind of threw me off, and it wasn't enjoyable. But the biggest problem with the ramen that I had was the egg. The egg is my favorite part of ramen, hands down. This egg tasted exactly like my boiled eggs in my kitchen.. The yolk was dry and broke off in chunks, the egg white was bland. It was just.. depressing. I probably could've made this bowl of ramen in a dorm room. SALMON + TUNA ROLL - The cousin I split the combo with ate the tuna roll since I'm more of a salmon kind of girl, so I don't have any comments on that roll, but the salmon was really good. It was fresh and buttery. Pretty good for a plain salmon roll. All in all, I would have given Sakanaya three stars had it not been for the decor, restroom cleanliness, and service. I would return on my next visit for sushi, but count me out for their ramen.
2	Like the atmosphere and set up of the place. The staff was friendly and attentive. The food is ok but nothing to brag about. Ordered a bunch of rolls and they were done right. Wont hurry back here but would eat here again considering the lack of great options in the area.
