4	Great fresh salad especially in the summer time when you don't want something too heavy to eat. I love the Asian sesame dressing.   I even went back to try their Panini and it was awesome.  I would definitely go back!!!!!! YUMMY!!!
4	Great fresh food, extremely sanitary, and well trained and courteous staff.The salads can get a little pricey. But considering the other options in the area, I'm willing to pay a little extra for a healthy meal. The salads are customizable and the ingredients for each salad are listed in the online menu and in the store. While I wasn't able to find a Nutritional Values guide either on the website or in the store, I'm also a fairly nutritional savvy person. Knowing what ingredients are in the salad ahead of time allows you to customize according to your nutritional needs. For example, I replaced candied pecans with almonds, and asked for half the amount of  fat free raspberry dressing (which is, by the way, the best tasting Fat Free Raspberry I've ever had!). The staff had no problem with this at all! I've never dined in, but the facility is well lit and very clean. Individually packaged items (such as the avocados) and consistent use of new gloves and utensils for each salad are a sign of effective Food sanitation practices. I've found the 'Junior' size salad to be more than adequate for lunch. Initially it doesn't look like much, but when you get eating it, it seems there's a lot more than you thought. I really enjoy the blend of flavors in the salads. No one flavor ever stands out and instead I get a really great mingling of flavors. The store also rewards customer loyalty with a punch card program. Also, if you check in on FB you may find a deal. I've never had any of the sandwiches or soups.
5	Great, fresh and delicious!  Was in town on business and wanted to eat healthy.  This place proves healthy food can taste great!
2	Lots of options - you can order your creation as a salad or a wrap. They also have a good selection of paninis which I enjoyed. I thought the paninis and wraps were pretty cheap - $6.99 - but the salads were a touch expensive - $7.99 for a small and $8.99 for a large.Positive note: The service was excellent - friendly and helpful.
2	I kid you not, I just ordered a salad for dinner with a soda, and the bill was almost $14.00 That was for one salad and one coke! To say the salad was overpriced is putting it very mildly. This was a very good salad, but no where close to being worth $12+. I had a caesar  salad with chicken and some avocado. I thought the cashier had made some mistake but NO.Their menu is very scatter-brained and confusing, They seem to have all these little upgrade charges for almost every option instead of just being upfront about the mile high salad prices. They would be better off just putting up a menu with the salad as it SHOULD come with a final price instead of attempting to defuse the sticker shock by piece mealing each topping with a separate price.The atmosphere is purely fast food and the seating is not very comfortable, the food counter was laid out in reverse of how the place flows so it gets quite congested. The decor/lighting is operating-room sterile and stark but clean as a whistle.I may try this one more time after the dust settles from their opening and they have aligned their prices with the market segment they are attempting to serve.
3	Pretty pricey and the service is slow, but the ingredients are super-fresh and delicious and the staff very helpful and friendly. It's a good place to go if you were thinking of going to a sit-down diner or grill but decide you'd rather eat something healthier.
3	The portion sizes are pretty big.  Definitely recommend the junior salad if you aren't a huge eater.  Service was great and the staff seemed very knowledgeable.  All the ingredients looked fresh and I love the variety of options.
3	I was surprised when I learned that Salad Creations has been in business for a decade. There seem to be a lot of kinks to be worked out of their salad-centric concept. Why a chain focused on healthy eating doesn't have nutritional information at all in-store (they seem to have recently added this information online, or at least made it much more visible) is beyond me.The food itself has been extraordinary. I find the four separate refrigerators for different leafy vegetables a little over the top, but I can't complain about the results. The only mistake I've made is not ordering enough food; you have to remember to add a lot to a salad when it's going to be a full meal. The service has always been pleasant and I've never had trouble finding seating (good for me, bad for them).I think the country is slowly changing to eating healthier food, but we're not at the stage of asking our children, "Who wants to go out for salad?" When that day comes, this place will be ready. Until then, I'm quite happy remembering this place when I'm starved for micronutrients and need to get out of the house.P.S. I have eaten at this location twice.
2	Suprising that for a salad place, they have little in the way for a vegan option.  Apparently they have a non-compete wtih Capriotti's so I wasn't able to order their vegan cheesesteak or get a salad from them and had to visit SC for my meal.Since none of their 'creations' were vegan, I had to make my own which consisted of black bean, cilantro, tomato, avocado and wonton strips (which are just chow main noodles).  My total for a tiny salad was $10 and didn't have enough protein.  Maybe they thought I was just ordering a side dish?I won't be going back.
5	This place is great, there food is excellent. I love the create your own option, I may abuse the system a little bit because I get tons of "add ins" but I try to make up for it with tipping. Service was fast & friendly & the restaurant was clean (including the bathroom).
3	I was there the first time today, I have passed by it so many times but today I decided to dive in.  With all the food options in the area I was not that impressed.  The salads are a bit pricey for what you get.  I am a person the quality of food not the quanity of it.  This is a time when there was too much salad dressing or was it the liquid from the oranges?  The lettuce was a bit limp but it was good, not great.I would try this location again.  Just not tomorrow.
1	I've been to this location 4 times and will never go back. I've been to the east side location on Monona Dr twice, and absolutely LOVE it! Clearly different owners and standards of service. 1) West side has a male employee who is completely rude. He doesn't make eye contact, he's annoyed when he gets customers (I have been there twice with my friend, twice alone), he's in a huge hurry. Once another employee came in and even they didn't speak to each other. He's just rude. 2) Lots of ingredients are an extra charge. All you might hear is, "that's a dollar fifty extra, that's fifty cents extra." Not much friendliness happening over there. East side makes it totally pleasant! I'm not sure how, but part of it is just being super friendly and they seem so happy to see you!3) East side is so busy they have four people behind the counter. They welcome your arrival, smile, are engaged and always have customers. They wear cool uniforms, and everyone says, "thank you!" As a group when they hear you leave a tip. 4)West side uses teaspoons to serve extras, east side uses a spoon larger than a Tablespoon. So for example, I might get 6 cranberries on my Strawberry salad cause of the size of the spoon. East side? 15 cranberries. When I said something to the west side guy, he scoffed and said it would be an extra charge and east side isn't the same place. Pecans? West side a few crumbs, east side? At least 8 nice sized pecans. I've talked to three people so far who have the same to say about this guy and location. We all understand why the place is always empty. Who wants to be an unwelcome customer paying over 10 bucks for a salad? I would rather go to the Copps salad bar and get my own for less than $7 bucks. Thank goodness, I live on the west side but WORk on the east side, so if I want Salad Creations, I can go to Monona Drive and pay $10 for a salad, and I feel really good about being in there! So much positive energy!
2	The salad was good but nothing you couldn't get at a supermarket's salad bar for far less money. The man behind the counter was surly. I'm not too demanding when it comes to customer service but he seemed genuinely annoyed that we were there. It was a weekday during what should have been lunch rush and it wasn't busy.
2	When it comes to salads for lunch, they know how to make a tasty and filling bowl of lettuce! However, they don't have meal deals, so adding chips, drinks and anything else can get quite costly. Um, you're just serving me salad, how did my bill get so close to $10 or go over? Not acceptable. I don't think I can return here until they fix their pricing structure.
1	Worst balsamic dressing I've ever tasted.  Lettuce is stale.  Size is insulting - I ordered a "large" and it's barely larger than a side salad you'd get at a fast food restaurant.  I will never go there again.
1	Placed an order for delivery with this store today, and was called later and told they couldn't deliver it because "he was the only one there today" so I would need to pick it up, but I would get a discount.  As I had already submitted my credit card information when I placed the order, and didn't want to be charged for an order I didn't get, I went to pick it up.  When I arrived, there were at least 2 people that I could see working.  As I had put the tip amount in when I placed the order online, I told him that I would need that amount removed, as I wasn't going to tip them for NOT delivering.  Instead, he ran it through with the amount on.  I noticed this before I signed, and told him I would not sign as it was incorrect.  After quite a bit of trouble he finally reversed the charges and charged me the correct amount.For the hassle of picking up, when I had specifically chosen the restaurant due to the delivery option, I should have been given a discount or a free item.  Neither was given to me as he said he "couldn't" once I arrived, nor was an apology for them not being able to offer the service that they clearly offer.Due to this, I will not be ordering from here again.  There are many, many other restaurants in the Madison area, and I will be patronizing any of them instead of a restaurant that does not provide the service they advertise.
3	Low expectations diminished. Picked up some salads after ordering them over the phone.  No wait, everything was ready and correct when I arrived.We tried the salmon salad & sesame shrimp. Plenty of protein, fresh green leaves and not shy with all the toppings.While they may not be the most original, my preconceptions of iceberg lettuce have been silenced.
1	My husband and I thought we would be oh so clever and use our BOGO offer from the Bucky Book to get ourselves some healthy lunches to take to work the next day. My husband went to pick up the salads and was concerned when the place was completely dead during the dinner rush. The guy making the salads was surly and refused to put our dressing on the side (to keep the lettuce fresh until the next day). He argued it needed to be mixed in. Apparently the customer's desires mean less than nothing here. The salads were teeny for the price we paid. There were practically no add ins and barely enough dressing to cover any of it. That being said, there was an over abundance of cayenne pepper. So much cayenne pepper. Holy hell - by the time I stopped eating that side salad sized item my mouth was ON FIRE. If I am in the mood for salad or healthy lunch items I will go anywhere but here. $10 is too much to spend on a teeny tiny salad that sends your mouth ablaze. Heck, I'm not even sure we didn't get ripped off for getting TWO salads for $10.
2	I went to this Salad Creations on 4/14/14 at about 4 pm. There was a male employee working who took my order. He seemed to be in a huge rush. When I asked for more dressing he said there was already a lot. I had to ask again. He was not very polite. This location also was very short on chips. Needless to say the wrap I got was still a little dry. I absolutely love the east side location!! They are very friendly!! When they add dressing they ask you how much you want and show you automatically!!
2	For a $10 made-to-order salad with chicken - it's fine, the selections are good and the menu has a fair number of choices. However, the service (male employee) is indifferent to borderline rude. Clearly I'm not the first person to notice this so it's unclear why Salad Creations Junction Road hasn't addressed the problem. I think this chain could make a killing with a downtown location as long as they got different counter staff!
2	I struggled between giving 1 or 2 stars, really should be 1.5.  I agree with others regarding the rude/surly male employee.  I have the impression he is the owner or manager so I am not sure this will ever be addressed.  The salads are good, but value is poor.  Don't waste your time or money.
