4	I fell in love with a bag I first saw at the Caesar's forum shops location (Scott was very helpful there), but ended up purchasing it here because it was very close to where we were staying (Aria). Marie was very patient and helpful as I tried to decide on the color that I wanted, she gave me a few tips and even continued to email me notifications when similar bags (and colors) were released months after my purchase. Great shopping experience (no pressure), and I left Vegas a very happy girl (can't say the same for le bf's wallet).
5	Got my first Balenciaga bag that I was eyeing on in a long time at this location.  The lady that helped me was very helpful and not pushy at all. I definitely recommend Balenciaga if you wanna splurge on a bag.
5	Shopped here with my husband before we had lunch at Wolfgang Puck; the sales associates greeted me as soon as I walked in with a bright smile (I think her name is Nancy).I wanted a cross-body bag but was not too sure about the color or the size; I kept on searching the one that I really like, she was very helpful and patience the entire time; once I picked up a style, she immediately went to the back and grabbed all the colors that came with, I probably have spent 30min there and she probably took out half of what they had in the back. My husband and I had finally decided on a newest style Giant 12 Golden Town Bag, but they didn't have the color Bleu Mineral in store. She then checked the other store in Vegas and promised us to drive there and get the bag for us, so we didn't need to go there ourselves and in time before our flight. We had our lunch at Wolfgang Puck while she was getting my bag, before even we finished our lunch, she already called and told us that the bag had arrived.I was very pleased with the service here; highly recommended for all Balenciaga fans!
5	Very very very helpful and amazing staff. This guy named Andrew helped me out and he is amazing! he actually got exactly what i wanted and i am very very please with his service.Please! if you guys need anything from this store particular store inside crystals just  look for Andrew and i'm sure he will help you out :) (702)262-1636  BalenciagaAndrew Magana
