5	Always a great selection.  This store is always full of wonderful surprises and great sales.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  One of my favorite getaways when I have a few hours to enjoy the shopping experience.  Creativity gets a big helping hand here.  Lots of classes too.
5	I seemed to be getting lured into JoAnns regularly of late.  I have several friends who are crafters who want to just stop by when we are in the neighborhood...I am amazed.  They have everything.  Whatever you want to make, I'd bet they have the stuff for it.  Just walking through the aisles I thought of 4,876 different things that *I* could make with ease because of the wonderful goodies they had.Of course, I know I won't sit down and make anything.  I don't have the patience to learn how to thread a sewing machine...maybe if someone gave me a self-threading one, I'd think about it.  Maybe.....but with all the crafty goodness of JoAnns...I COULD.  And a store that makes you believe, well that's Disneyriffic!
3	I really prefer this location over the Avondale location for one reason, it's HUGE!  The customer service is great at this location, my only gripe is the cutting area for fabric is not set up as well as it could be.  It makes the whole corner of the store unbearable when it's busy (and I've never seen it not busy). The line gets pretty long up front but it always moves quickly and check out is friendly.
3	This JoAnns is really huge, but some of the aisles are really cramped for some reason?? Maybe it's because of their holiday stuff, but overall in selection and availability it's not too bad. I found a lot of great craft supplies and it's fairly priced. Just be prepared to wait forever to get fabric if you go around Halloween time!
2	I came here for party supplies with my husband and had a difficult time finding anything. Not only did I live with practically nothing after an hour, it took me 15 minutes to find anyone to help me look for something! The cashier was also VERY rude to the guy in front of me and yelled at him for standing in the wrong spot to be in line. Then he was told he could've been helped where he originally was. I couldn't believe what I was seeing since I've been going here since I was a kid! Michaels would've been a better choice.
4	I like this store.  It has a huge variety of crafts, jewelry making and sewing supplies.  I've always been able to find something fun to do.  And I do enjoy the browse!
2	I understand retail sucks but it retail. Do not give my wife and I attuitde because you are tired. Do work retail then.
2	So difficult to find anything in this place.  Scanned the aisles forever until I gave up.  Luckily, I tracked someone down at a register to direct me.  Finally get to the register to check out but the stupid thing wouldn't scan.  Ugh.  My last trip here.   Either Hobby Lobby or Michael's next time.
5	the crew is fantastic! everyone was so helpful on directing me on where I had to go! on top of that, they have some solid coupons! let's get to crafting!
5	A very helpful cut counter. The ladies helped me find fabric to match a project I was working on and was very friendly, took time explaining how to finish my project.
1	I am working on a quilt  and was trying to color match the pattern I had. I found someone, her name was Gail,  and asked for help. After a dramatic sigh she went over to the section and said this is all we have and I asked if I could find more online and she says I don't know you'll have to look. .. So I walked away and took my business else where.
