4	as cynthia has mentioned, this is a kaiseki style restaurant...a style of japanese cuisine serving a series of small plates.  you sit at the bar and the chefs prepare your food in front of you.  if you like interacting with the staff, you'll definitely love it here...we dined on a monday so the bar was practically empty except for one other couple...my friend ordered the 8 course and i got the 14 course menu...don't know if it was just slow...but...eventhough my friend ordered the 8 course menu, he basically got almost 14 courses...the food was excellent except for the oyster course...i bit into some tiny pieces of the shell.  the dishes are very creative and combine a lot of flavors that you would have never thought would marry well...it was great dining experience and am now curious to try restaurant charlie.  at the end of the meal, we had a nice tour of the restaurant and the kitchen.
5	Not your average sushi bar, and that is an understatement. There are only 2 chefs at work behind the bar, chef hiroo, and his assistant. There are 2 options on the menu, an 8 course menu for $100 or a 14 course for $145. There's also the option to order specific dishes. Every dish that was served was announced, down to the tiniest detail, sauces, garnishes, etc. maine lobster with fennel and shallot reduction, red snapper with grape reduction, sliced grapes and marinated celery, gizzard shad with sauces i can't remember, winterpoint oysters made to look like they were in their natural habitat and named "oysters on the beach", spanish blue fin tuna with katsuo, chardonnay foam, and asian pear, hamachi kama tartare with slivered cucmbers, sea trout ice cream garnished with crispy trout skin, rolled trout, and trout head "ravioli", and santa barbara uni with japanese mushroom risotto, made with sushi rice. All dishes are made from scratch in house. Desserts that followed, persimmon sorbet with cranberry reduction, shortcake with lime sorbet and blueberries, pistachio nougat, dark chocolate-mandarin square, pomegranate ganache, and cassis truffle were all made by the in house pastry chef. Dishes do take some time, but each plate caused my palate to go into sensory overload. Each course amazed and exceeded my expectations. Impressive wine list, reds, whites, bubbly, and mostly junmai ginjo and junmai daiginjyo sake.
5	Best japanese cuisine I've ever had.I got the 14 course meal with wine pairings.  They are very generous with their pouring.  One round had some sort of beer, even.  The pairings were excellent.As far as the food, both beautiful and delicious.  We were a party of three guys, and two of us barely made it through.  Even though the portions are small, you will be full by the end.Highly recommended for an occasional splurge (Final bill was around $1400 for three).
5	One of the most amazing meals I've had the pleasure to enjoy.  As you've read, this is a tasting meal, we didn't have any of the dishes previously mentioned as they have a rotating menu.  You get to see the chefs at work and they are also very nice and as we learned a lot of fun.  The service is impeccable and incredibly knowledgeable.This is not  priced for the faint of heart - $100 for the 5-course menu / $175 for the 8-course and $250 for the 14-course menu.  I will say as others have posted, don't think that you'll be hungry after this meal, we ordered the 5-course and were full.  The dessert was AMAZING and was accompanied by a chocolate flight.Side Note - Conrad is - I believe - the Manager - and he was sensational - a great host and ambassador for the restaurant!
5	This is quite possibly one of the best meals (if not the best) I've ever had.  I love that it is small, that you sit at a bar and get to watch the creation of your food.  Service was excellent.  We came in early and were the only ones here and had a great time just chatting with the sommelier and chef.  It is pricey but definitely worth it.  If you can, get the wine pairing with your meal...it definitely brings out the flavors in just the right way.
5	I think for $100 this is an incredible deal.  I was very full by the last course, and everything was impeccably prepared.  Extremely creative food, and flavors were paired very thoughtfully.  It's kind of like being a judge on the original version of Iron Chef...  You'll be surprised by everything that is prepared for you.  I basically went in saying that I am up for anything, and I was extremely impressed.  They set us up with a customized menu.I've eaten good food everywhere, including in Tokyo, and I thought this was the best meal I had ever had in my life.This is truly a unique food experience that you need to try right now!
4	More like 3.75 stars...rounded up because it is an experience.When we ate at Restaurant Charlie in May, 2008 a few months after they opened...the host told us about the Kaiseki style menu they offered next to the restaurant. We were really excited. I took my husband here for his birthday in September, 2009. We ordered the 14 courses at $250 each.The dinner took FOUR...yes....FOUR friggin HOURS sitting on a bar stool...comfy at first hour but our backs started to ache!! I wish they offered Aeron chairs and a back massage to go with dinner. Better yet Japanese Massage Chairs to use in between courses!! Put that in the suggestion box. The timing was totally unexpected...I almost dozed off!! Seriously!! I had to leave the restaurant and walk around to stretch my legs and wake up. I don't drink much, so the beer probably made me sleepy too. We got there at 6:30 PM; first ones in the restaurant...later came a couple who didn't stay...came another couple and a group of 5 or 6. Overall, the place was 1/3 full. They ALL finished before we did!! Our dinner didn't end until 10:30PM...we were the last ones there...they close at 11pm. To Chef Hiro's and Assistant Chef Matt's credit, they apologized and gave us some desserts in a tiny box ...but the wait between some of the dishes were 15 min-30min. Towards the end it just streched out; I wanted to leave...it was not fun anymore. I was tired and uncomfortable on the bar stool.The fun factor is watching them prep the dishes. You get about 2 bites to finish each dish. The sauces are really good (you'll want to lick the plate) but they tend to take center stage over the seafood and meats. Quite honestly, I like all the small bits around the plate better than the protein itself most of the time. Though I didn't love everything (the sardine, salmon ice cream)...they get props for being fun and inventive. My favorite was the snapper; the watermelon rind (small bits); the cute micro cucumber; avocado ice cream and spicy chocolate. Also, I can't stand foam on my food; really no point in it (foam belongs in a  cappuccino). I do like the chefs...they are friendly. Also, interesting thing...I noticed the missing teeth between the two Chefs. I wondered whether they had a pact or something or if they got into a bar fight a couple weeks before (no bruises).  It's was strangely endearing. The two obviously respect each other.This is non-traditional kaiseki...I did like the twist..but realize I much prefer traditional kaiseki...and at this price point (our total was a little over $600 for two); the timing should be perfect and every morsel should have me wanting more (well, at least the sauces and itty bitty bits around the plate did). There are better places you can dine in at this price point.Try it here if you don't mind a 4-hour 14 course dinner. It's an experience of watching the pros do their thing in an intimate setting. The chefs are approachable and casual. I'd suggest you bring a heating pad and some biofreeze for your back. Not fun eating in discomfort.  =(
5	Simply put, one of the best and most memorable meals of my entire life. It ain't cheap ($400 for two people without booze), but it is worth every penny. My favorite of the 10 courses: Maine diver scallops with white chocolate snow and a bunch of other stuff I cannot remember. The fluke with fresh lime was also incredible, and I will never taste an apple the same way again. I can't even do justice to this dining experience with words, so I won't bother to go on. Just know that you will never ever forget it.We went to Restaurant Charlie the next night, and it was almost as amazing, meaning it was better than 99.999% of the meals I have had in my life. Forget sell-out hacks like LaGassbag and Batali. Charlie Trotter, like Thomas Keller, is the real deal.
5	Went there this past Thursday with my wife for one of her birthday dinners...BEST MEAL OF THE WEEKEND (vs. L'Atelier and Picasso)!!!  And probably the best meal I've had in the past 5 years.  It was insane because we were the only people there...opened up on Thursday because of our request.  Chef Hiro worked alone while we chit-chatted with him and the maitre'd about food, inspiration, the restaurant biz, vegas, and hotels.  Each night's menu is variable with some guidance on the progression of the dishes/savoriness.  The night was capped with the pastry chef introducing his chocolate plate, fruit plate (separate courses), and homemade confections.Most memorable:Uni barley risotto with duck thigh confit and shitakes, topped with a generous dollop of fresh uni.  The uni richness replaces the mundane use of foie gras (don't get me wrong...I love foie gras, but I love culinary whimsy).  It was such a WONDERFUL surprise...a briny richness.A True MUST GO!!!!
5	A hidden gem hidden inside Restaurant Charlie. After eating here twice, and dining at many other strong contenders, I believe I can legitimately say this is one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas. Well executed, challenging dishes made to order right infront of you at the bar. Kaiseki cuisine is on tap here, featuring a heavy dose of seafood. Kaiseki features nature in food, and many dishes will tell a story. Some of the dishes I have had the pleasure of consuming (first with my eyes, then with my stomach) have been "Cherry Blossoms in Snow", "Life Cycle of the Trout" and "Oysters on the Beach" with food recreating each portion of those scenes. Stunning. Chef Nagahara said he hopes anyone who returns the restaurant will not eat the same meal twice, and I can confirm this for although some dishes were similar, nothing was replicated. Chef gets very passionate when he talks about food, explaining how amazing it was to get a still in rigour blue fin tuna from Tsukiji to work with one day, and suggesting we go visit Guy Savoy another. Word has it that Charlie Trotter hand picked him and persuaded him to leave his academic life as a physicist to run Bar Charlie. The drinks menu features pre-Prohibition cocktails that are definitely worth a second glance. And prepare to be wowed by Vannessa Garcia's pastry creations for dessert.If you enjoy esoteric, thoughtful food prepared by a skilled hand, you should book an evening at Bar Charlie now, and put yourself and Chef Nagahara's hands. Trust.
5	The news that this restaurant has closed is deeply saddening.  I was looking forward to going back some time.  I won't go into the details of my experience there (but I'm Racer X's wife, so just read that one to get an idea) but I can honestly say this was the BEST meal of my life.RIP Bar Charlie.  You will be missed.
5	To echo the sentiments of Randi L.this is terrible news.  Quite easily the best meal of my life too.  With tax and tip our meal was easily over $1000 and I don't regret a single penny of it.  I hope the amazingly talented chef hiro finds the right restaurant, as some of the dishes he presented to us were out of this world. Many of the menu items from that night now serve me as reference points when judging other meals.Bar Charlie, you will be terribly missed!
5	Yes, I'm way late on the uptake, but I just found out this closed and I, too, am deeply saddened.Along with the other reviewers, I concur that this is one of the best restaurants I've ever been to.I've eaten at the likes of The French Laundry, Charlie Trotter's, Nobu, et al., and I put this among my top five dining experiences and certainly my top Japanese dining experience here in the States.The kaiseki menu I chose that night was three words...A-MAZ-ING!!!Hopefully with a rebounding economy this is not the last we'll here from Charlie Trotter and this restaurant.
