5	If I could give them more stars, I would.I LOVE Dr. Ed and Dr. Nicole.  They are THE BEST!Caring, generous, supportive, inspirational..... they are truly wonderful people.  I cannot say enough good things about them.Not only are they good people but they are great chiropractors.  I've been seeing a chiro since I was in high school due to a sports injury.  And I was distraught when I moved from Southern CA because I didn't know what I would do.... for a while I drove back to SoCA every 4-6 weeks for a routine adjustment with my chiro there.  And then I was referred to Dr. Ed... and I've been thrilled with the service for the past 3 years.I always leave feeling better physically and emotionally.  They have such a soothing office and way with people that you can't help to feel more relaxed when you leave.
5	Dr. Ed and his wife are the greatest. I highly recomend them. Dr. Ed is extremely knowledgable and truly cares about the well being of his patients. If you are in need of chiropractic care you would be doing yourself a huge disservice by not coming here. That is a PROMISE!!!!
5	Dr. Harris is the best. He knows how to fix you and he also has a great understanding of the human body. He maintains a clean office with a calming atmosphere. Before you leave the office, Dr. Harris makes sure he has addressed all of your concerns. Dr. Harris and crew always put the patient first!!!
5	I have scoliosis & a herniated disc in my neck . I went to 4 other Chiropractors before Dr.Harris , still always in so much pain . I refused pain killers & steroid shots , but was very close to surgery because the pain was too much ! Then , I was referred to Dr. Harris , this was my last hope , I figured I'd give him a try before surgery . He has been a Life saver !!! My quality of life has changed dramatically ! He is so different from the rest ! You don't even need to tell him where the pain is , he always knows . He also never rushes you , or hurts you . He doesn't try and sell you supplements , or tell you you have to come 3 times a week ! Truly amazing person ! His office is also so calming . I feel like I'm at a spa when I'm there and Dr.Nicole, who is the receptionist also is the sweetest and nicest person also . They are fantastic & have forever changed my quality of life ! Thank you !!!
