4	I've been using Paul's Pest & Termite Control for several years now and I am very happy with their service.We had a technician out again today for the monthly service.  They ask about any problems and concerns that you have, are friendly, suggest that you don't allow the cats to ingest the poison (I would have never thought that was bad!  Uh, I'm kidding, but it's still nice that they remind you).My only problem is the billing...they allow you to set up a credit card that they will automatically bill each time you have the service.  This makes it a little more convenient than having to give them the card and sign the forms each month.  However, they often forget to bill it.  In fact, the bill that I have now shows the last two weren't paid.  I used to call and sit on the phone until they figured it out.  Now, I am waiting until they decide to take care of it on their own.  It's an odd call to make, "Will you please take my money?"
1	Paid for termite service and over the 2 years, company has come out 3 times... the Termidor and foam does not appear to be effective.  Basically the termites have kept moving all around the house and reappearing elsewhere, rather than the termites ingesting the poison and supposedly kill the base colonies.  Of course there's alot of potential reasons they are suggesting such as maybe I'm dealing w/ multiple colonies (a NEW colony appears in another part of the house consistantly?  doubt it), new landscaping (no), or new builds (no, well established neighborhood of 10+ years).The 2 year warranty is up of last week, and of course, there is a new termite tunnel now in another room of the house.  I would pay for the $99 renewal to extend service if I had faith in the product or services.  But now I'm especially concerned w/ the customer service, as I received alot of pushback from the office manager to speak with an "inspector" before they physically come out.  She was extremely argumentative and talking over me, insisting an inspector cannot speak to me via phone as they unable to "treat" over the phone.  Understanding that, I had to keep repeating I would like to discuss if there are new techniques, methods or chemicals as obviously the past 3 treatments were ineffective.  While she kept talking over me (at one point, I asked her to let me finish talking) and obviously would not listen (I finally was driven to talk over her), I simply kept restating the request for the "inspector" to call first so I can address concerns and set expectations.  That went on for a long time, seriously, is it that hard to ask for a phone call first?Maybe for any reason termites are happily munching on my drywall to this day that is beyond this company's control (doesn't that make you feel confident?), but it's the extreme lack of customer service and care that has driven this to a 1-star review.
2	If you like babysitting, you will love working w/ them.  3 more visits, THREE!#1:  The inspector of the East Valley turns out to be Paul the owner himself, so I (gently) chide him for not returning phone calls.  And I let him know my grievances (3 termite treatments and they are still eating my walls!) and my concerns w/ the mgr's customer service.  He apologizes, we have a nice looong chat (he's actually personable guy but does that mean the company is competent?  You'll have to decide for yourself)... and he agrees to treat the ENTIRE house (funny how I just came to realize the initial ~$500 only treated a portion, not the whole house) ..so I shell out another $99 to extend my warranty.  Yes I'm that nice.  Le'ts say I'm giving the benefit of the doubt that termites are THAT hard to treat and it's normal to treat in sections only (put down your raised eyebrows...)#2:  The guys come, treat the entire house.  I leave for work, come back and noted they left an open trench on one side of my house and a few open holes drilled into my foundation.  Called and spoke w/ polite staffer with request to please finish the job.... apparently this wasn't a 2 day job, this was an apologetic "omg-I'm-so-sorry-we'll-send-someone-out".#3:  I inspect after #2 (I have a day job, I can't babysit as much as I need to apparently).  Trench now is covered up.. but the exposed holes into my foundation still have not been filled in w/ cement.  Really?!  Please leave "Welcome Termite" sign.  Called again, talked to staff again.  Someone must of come out again and filled up the holes.Final inspections, looks like the job is done.  I'm done too.
1	Paul's personnel were courteous, prompt, and professional - but even after 6 or 7 visits, were utterly unable to eliminate  - or apparently even slow down the termite infestation.   Inexpensive termite control contract came with house purchase- only $99 per year.  No problem for couple of years but then the beasts arrived. IDespite 6 or 7 treatments there was no apparent effect on the termite invasion.  They did not appear deterred in the heavily treated areas - and were spreading even after repeated visits. They were not only apparently not deterred, they didn't even appear mildly discouraged. Gave up after last treatment by Paul's in 10/08. Paid a comparative FORTUNE for treatment by Truly Nolan - but they stopped the invasion.
1	So let me first start by saying it takes a lot for me to write a negative review for anyone. That being said this company is well worth the negative review. My husband, 2yr old son & I live in an apartment. When we moved in our downstairs neighbors had their apartment bombed, we assumed for roaches since we were also having the same problem. Not to long after that, to our horror we discover our apartment is infested with bed bugs. We contacted our landlord to have it treated immediately since im allergic to insect bites and am covered head to toe in bed bug bits(which insanely itch) and I was afraid of them attacking our 2yr old. Our landlord stated he left 4 messages with no response, it was a holiday weekend on top of that so 5 days after our initial complaint we are finally contacted by the pest control company. Long story short, he came out, told us we had bed bugs and recommended we have out apartment bombed, like he did for the downstairs neighbors. I asked him if bombing would work, that I have only ever known heat treatments to work (i worked in pest control unknown to him) he stated that no, heat treatments didn't kill them and bombing would. If you have ever googled if bug bombs or "foggers" kill bed bugs you will NOT find one single article stating they do, infact you could set off a fogger in a glass jar with bed bugs and they wont die. When a bomb is set off they run and hide IN THE WALLS and then they travel. We explained this to our landlord who insisted bed bugs don't travel through walls and cant move from unit to unit. ALL ARTICLES AND TESTS DONE STATE FOGGERS CAUSE THE PROBLEM TO BECOME WORSE AND INFECT OTHER UNITS IN APARTMENTS. So my question is why would a pest control "professional" use something that EVERYONE states doesn't work? Other companies i called laughed when I even mentioned it. We finally got fed up with the run around, contacted the owner of our apartments, who contacted Paul, the owner of this company. He proceeds to tell the owner that my husband and I refused other services and that's why he did the bombing. So i'm guessing the downstairs neighbors, who bombed for bed bugs about a month earlier, and Paul treated their unit too, also refused any other treatment options. And me, who is covered in the most insanely itchy bed bug bites (about 50 covering my whole body) would refuse any kind of HELPFUL service, especially with a 2yr old running around, what mom wouldn't want them playing with bed bugs. No other service was offered, I asked about other services and was told those would do nothing. The truth of the matter is that he is a liar who tried to cover his tracks and no one should have to suffer the way we have, do yourself a favor and do not use this company, DO RESEARCH and if you live in an apartment dont let your landlord push you around, bed bugs are vicious and relentless and it takes a real professional who knows what he is doing to take care of the problem.
1	Please, please don't use them. I just called on Oct. 6th because I have termite tunnels in our bedroom over our bed. I got an Oct. 30th appt. I just sent in the $99 renewal fee for their contract. I need to call Chase and cancel the check. They have never gotten rid of our termite problem. It seems they just chase them from one room to another. I told the receptionist I would find another company to come out quicker and would be calling back to cancel the contract. She gave me a very polite "fine". Seems they don't need our business.
