5	Referred from a Facebook friend to the shop. Followed the Facebook page and found out they have great prices on Oil Changes. Just bought a used truck and knew it needed an oil change. They had a Mon, Wed, Thur special. Before 10am get $5.00 off the $19.95 oil change. That's cheaper than doing it myself. Donuts and Coffee in the lobby. Awesome staff. Yes I will be going back and you should go to.
5	work done was professional, fast, and got awsome deal without breaking the bank. im a life time customer and recommend anyone and everyone to stop by. the knowledge of staff and quality of work is a breath of fresh air.
5	I would have walked to Chicago if it wasn't for My Mechanic John!My Mercury Mountaineer had every light lit on its panel. The sudden jerk of my engine's death was the Loudest squeal that my girlfriend has ever emitted. I had nothing to do but to carry her and walk. John must have the biggest heart in the industry. He towed my SUV, and drove us to the nearest car rental. Once my SUV was fixed, my girlfriend decided to date me again. I owe it all to John.So if your love-life needs repair...start by visiting Gio's Auto to check your engine lights.
5	Took my car to get detailed on a amazon social voucher for the very reasonable price of $100. My car was trashed. I cannot for the life of me keep it clean. Plus when I got the car it had stains in some of the seats (4 door sedan, chevy cobalt 2010 lt) those stains are not as bad as they looked before! The car looks so perfectly clean, I am in love with it! They also offered me a really good deal to fix a little collision! I think I will take them up on that, I am interested in seeing how good they are with other services as well.
5	I just moved to Phoenix and didn't know where to go to inspect my 2002 Honda Accord. with check engine light on.  At first, I was not impressed because they run a small shop, but later realized their service was as good as or even better than other big auto shops in Scottsdale where I live.  From their initial quote, I was able to get about 50 dollar discount for full tune up.  The owner and head mechanic (husband and wife, I think) were very friendly and accommodating.  Juan (the head mechanic) even gave me ride home and picked me up later on which was about 15 miles each way.  I mean I have never been served so kindly and professionally.  If I could, I would give them 10 stars!!!
1	I'm writing this review in the hopes that anyone considering spending their hard earned dollars here thinks twice.I brought my Chrysler Sebring into Gio's because a mile high parking lot speedbump assaulted my front bumper. I also needed a new rear bumper due to a hit & run from an Audi driving NASCAR wannabe Scottsdale douche.My first impression of Gio's was that it was definitely "low budget" due to the shack-like atmosphere & the complete lack of air conditioning in August. Instead of "judging the book by it's cover", I allowed the positive Yelp reviews to persuade me into believing I could get quality work here. #BigMistakeThey quoted me $550 for new front and rear bumpers. They also quoted me a two day turn around time. Brought the car in on Thursday, can come back to get it on Saturday. As I'm paying for this out of my own pocket & not with the help of any insurance, I was not intending to rent a car to add to this expense. I'm thinking- I can kick around the house for two days...sure it's an inconvenience but I'll live.I give a $140 cash deposit for parts and to my dismay- they don't have a shuttle or anyone really to drive you home. So I spent $10 to get a cab back home.Saturday morning comes & I get a call from the woman at Gio's. I'm expecting her to say "Your car's all ready for pickup!" but instead she says "There was a problem with your paint job and we have to start ALL OVER. We need an additional two days to complete the job."WHAT!?When I pushed her for an explanation, she tells me the "chemicals" caused the paint to bubble. and "it happens sometimes with CHEMICALS". I had made a gaggle of weekend plans by this time and had to break down & rent a car. There's $150 in addition to the $550 in repairs to Gio's. I was LIVID.So Monday rolls around and I call Gio's at around 10am to check the status of my car, which they've now had for four days. I get a vague answer from the woman who works there "it's in the paint room & no one can go in there. Let me have someone check & call you back."Cut to three hours later and still no word from Gio's. I hop in the rental car and drive the shop to demand answers. "Oh no one called you back?" the woman asks cluelessly. My car was not even on site. I found out that Gio's didn't do the work at the location they do business out of. They took my car to some other location to fix it. What the #$^& kind of ghetto operation are they running down there?Anyway, she makes a call & tells me the car will be ready by the time they close which is 6pm. What a coincidence. My rental car is due back at 6pm. It's 1:30pm so I have no choice at this point but to go home & wait.Well wouldn't you know it, 5:30 comes and NO CALL FROM GIO'S.Time to drive down there & raise h#$%&.My car is STILL not there. The woman makes another phone call & claims the person who is DRIVING MY CAR BACK TO THEIR SHOP is stuck in traffic.My rental car has to be back in 20 minutes. I demand one of the workers follow me to Enterprise to drop the car off (since they lack a real "shuttle service" for these instances) and bring me back to Gio's.Fast forward to after 6:30 (they're supposed to close at 6) some hillbilly comes driving up in my Sebring. I'm told to "be careful" because after two days, "the paint STILL might not be all the way dry". It takes every ounce of my being not to start knocking things over, shout profanities, & trash the place upon hearing this.Appearances are deceiving- my car LOOKS perfect at first. I pay the rest of the repair cost, the woman from Gio's gives me a coupon for a free detailing service "for the inconvenience", she asks me NOT to write a bad review on Yelp (she knew Yelp was how I was referred to Gio's and that the positive reviews swayed me), and I'm on my way.Less than a week later, my brand new front bumper is FALLING OFF. It doesn't appear to be fully bolted on AT ALL. To say I was furious would be the world's biggest understatement. I could hear the undercarriage of the bumper scraping speedbumps because of how low it was hanging. 2 days later I'm back. I showed them the failing bumper & demanded they fix the car correctly and call me when it was done. I was pretty abrupt but tried not to say much as I knew I'd lose my cool. Three hours later my car is ready. I get the keys from the woman (Sorry, I never got her name) and she tells me "when you hit something, it caused the bumper to come loose". Um, excuse me? I didn't hit ANYTHING. The bumper is loose because Gio's sucks & does shoddy work. She proceeds to tell me there's a bump under there that wasn't there after they fixed it. Um, probably because it was hanging off & hitting bumpy roads & speedbumps as I drove for 2 days? Bottom line- Had it been installed properly the 1st time, we wouldn't be having this discussion. So basically Gio's tried to blame ME for their failure- which was one of many at this point. Two words- NEVER.AGAIN.
1	I gave them a 5 star last time but now I'm taking it back. Their moral ethic is the worst of all. They were never clear about the scope of work and just trying to back burn you by leaving a spot here and there to keep you coming back so that they can keep earning your money. I fell for that last time, and I brought my car in again with some new minor damages, hoping that they can have them ALL fixed, like any normal customer would. They just played me cuz I'm a returned customer and the fact that I don't know much about cars. She pointed out the spots they are going to fix and we had a deal for $250, I brought it down to $200, paid half and left. Saw them circling my car for a while before that, no one came to me or told me any changes. 30 mins after I took off they called me, asking for more money and more time saying they misquoted me. That's the way they do business. I said no, sorry, that's not my fault you misquoted me and I'm not paying $100 more. She said "I will take care of it. " thought it will be the end of the unpleasant conversation. I was told two times and confirmed that I could have it done by Monday morning, now nope, they told me "you have to bend a little for the work we do". Almost got fired cuz of the extra time they need without prepping me! Worst of all, they denied they actually said it and said its all on me later on. They kept making things I didn't say or agree to and that was unbearable!!! But I gave it a thought later after I explained to my boss and apologized and told them fine they can have those extra two days. And of course, when I picked up my car, my work isn't completely done cuz "for that little money you expect all of them done?!" I was completely wowed. And they asked for cash for you know what reasons. They didn't finish the job, and tried to make me look like crazy to expect them to do it. Lol. RIDICULOUS. I have been the nicest customer with them since day one but this was enough. If they were crystal clear about what they were going to fix and what not before I paid I got nothing to say. But they promised me one thing, got the money, and didn't finish. Gave them extra days with an incomplete job with the worst attitude someone could possibly give to a customer. Bravo Gios. Didn't even get a single apology for anything till today! I'd rather go to a legit place next time and pay more to have a customer service I deserve instead of having cheap labor and lousy management scammed and fooled me. Don't come to this place, no one deserve to be treated with no respect like this. They still tried to have me go back for extra money to do the details. How hilarious. Hell no!!! After we got into a big argument they told me they don't need my business and they were wrong to make me a deal. So it's reasonable to assume that all non major repair work means nothing to them. They even said "Oh so you didn't get fired?!" Like I was lying about that before.  That completely got me furious!!!! And that was the moment I decided I'll NEVER EVER go back to them. RUDE and offensive!!Just don't go to Gio's. Worst experience ever. Good body shops are everywhere and you can find a honest one that provides you with good price and customer service.I wish you a close of business soon.
1	I gave them a 5 star last time but now I'm taking it back. Their moral ethic is the worst of all. They were never clear about the scope of work and just trying to back burn you by leaving a spot here and there to keep you coming back so that they can keep earning your money. I fell for that last time, and I brought my car in again with some new damages, hoping that they can have them ALL fixed. They just played me cuz I'm a returned customer and the fact that I don't know much about cars. We had a deal for $250, I brought it down to $200, paid half and left. Saw them circling my car for a while before that, no one came and tell me anything. 30 mins after I took off they called me, asking for more money and more time saying they misquoted me. That's the way they do business. I was told two times and confirmed that I could have it done by Monday morning, nope, they told me "you have to bend a little for the work we do". Almost got fired cuz of the extra time they need without prepping me! Worst of all, they denied they actually said it and said its all on me. And of course, my work isn't completely done cuz "for that little money you expect all of them done?!" Lol. RIDICULOUS. I'd rather go to a legit place next time and pay more to have a customer service I deserve instead of having cheap labor and lousy management scammed and fooled me. Don't come to this place, no one deserve to be treated with no respect like this. They still tried to have me go back for extra money to do the details. How hilarious. After we got into a big argument they told me they don't need my business and they were wrong to make me a deal. So it's reasonable to assume that all non major repair work means nothing to them. Just don't go to Gio's. Worst experience ever. Good body shops are everywhere and you can find one that provides you with good price and customer service.I wish you a close of business soon.
