5	Las Vegas is a town that loves its lingerie--not only are there several Victoria's Secret and Frederick's of Hollywood stores here, but also La Perla, Wolford, Agent Provacateur, and many impressive independents, from Love Jones at the Hard Rock Hotel to Strings, one of the most impressive "showgirl supply" stores (on Arville). But none of them tops the new Kiki de Montparnasse at Crystals in City Center. This may be the sexiest store on the planet: every piece here is not only sexy, it tells a story. And it isn't just lingerie here, but all kinds of objects and accessories to suggest scenes. The back room bed is a stage worthy of any seduction. There are also many toys, from artful phalli to tie-up tape. Having said all that, you'll likely be browsing more than you buy here, unless you are the type who has an American Express black card...my shopping companion's comment that a "wifebeater" shirt with attached garter suspenders (dead sexy, I grant you) "seemed reasonable" at $150 kind of says it all.
5	Yes, it's true - this is not the kind of shop where your spare change will do the trick, but definitely worth visiting - the pieces they have here are not only beautiful, the quality is exquisite and the customer service is fabulous (we were never rushed, the sales person answered all of our questions happily - A LOT of questions, mind you).  What a great idea for a shop - I'll definitely come back.
4	Gorgeous shop, though the space isn't as nice as West Hollywood's - it's hard to beat that courtyard with the black clawfoot tub.  Service is top notch.  There are lots of exquisite pieces that are quite unique.  Although we made it clear that we weren't buying, the sales staff still happily explained many of the toys and the objets d'art, and poured us champagne.  Bonus!
5	Okay... after a satiating meal at Sage, we were wandering back through Crystals mall to get to our car at the Bellagio where we spied this lingerie store. Me: (yank) Hey, baby? Is that mannequin holding a riding crop? Hubby:Uuuh, yeah. What's the deal with the blindfolds and handcuffs? We thought it was just a provocative display for a lingerie store. But no, it's the Louis Vuitton of adult stores (of course, being in Crystals, right?). Don't expect tacky neon colours or vinyl here. No - this place exudes French Chic.  We wandered through looking at all the variety of "toys" and other miscellaneous things - some new (like riding crops), some erotic antique objets d'art (like this pretty Chinese porcelain container with a naughty painting on it). There are some other REALLY interesting items, but Yelp is a PG-13 rated site so you'll have to check out yourselves, LOL!The lingerie itself is of good quality.  I ran my fingers through the rack of negligees and sighed. What beats the feeling of French silk against the skin?Curious, we wandered into the back of the store which had a "special" leather couch and a large four poster bed. Hmmm... At this point, the sales lady came by to welcome us. She was really enthusiastic and encouraged us to ask questions. She playfully offered to show us their "couples room" which was a hidden dressing room for couples trying on lingerie in the store. There's two curtains separating the area - one semi-see through curtain to show off the silhouette, the other is a privacy curtain.You can control the lighting yourself and there's actually a comfy chair for the husband to sit in behind the curtain as he watches. As the French say... ooo la la... Okay - granted, $200 bras, $550 french maid outfits and $50 bottles of lubricant are out of our price range. But checking out this store is worth it for the experience if not for the pure sense of fun. The sales staff is warm and welcoming while the environment is relaxing.
5	Oh my, I think her name was Svetlana. She swooped in and offered me champagne. She handed me soft, lacy things, ushered me into the absolute best fitting room I have ever been in (I wanted to stay there in that lush, perfectly lit, 'everything around me is silky and soft' atmosphere', and then she took my chase card. I was totally taken for it all.And I loved it. ----quality product premium materials and designs that I have not seen elsewhere (see-through lace panties that lace all the way up the back from the ....cough cough....ya know...http://www.kikidm.com/shop/Ingenue-Corset-Panty/?initial=PN7146_BLACK_XS & silky underwear with a complete cut-out of the backside- HOT) I wanted to buy everything that I laid eyes on. And the sales girls there...well, let's just say they know how to do their job and they do it well.
5	I cannot say enough about Tiffany and the staff at Kiki.  They were patient, helpful and VERY generous with their champagne :)Because I am a lady, I will not go into detail about our purchases, but let's just say that Tiffany was very informative and made the trip very educational.  She even sent our information to the store in NY so we have a point of contact that will assist us in the city.  The lingerie is wonderful and luxurious - skip all the rest like Victorias Secret and Fredericks, save your money and buy a few pieces here - so much nicer and elegant!
5	Very Sexy. Gorgeous classic lingerie. Exotic toys. Be sure to check out the jello-style bubble bath powder!
5	Seeing as my two major indulgences are fine lingerie and shoes, this place is a must visit.  This was my first time to the vegas store, and I was pleasantly surprised that it was able to maintain the same boudoir feel as the NYC store.  The store is slightly boutique bondage and has very classic style of lingerie.  It is slightly more expensive then agent provocateur.  The dressing rooms are gorgeous and you can adjust your own lighting.  They are very vintage styled and have great mirrors ( a must have when trying on lingerie).The ladies were all very helpful in suggesting pieces and sizes.  Props to the lovely lady that helped me she guessed all of my sizes (woot)! The sales ladies are helpful and not pushy.  I will be coming back here on my next visit.
4	This was a very unexpected surprise to find this store. We saw the beautiful (handcrafted?) lace lingerie in the window display and wanted to see what else they had. Little did we know that we were walking into a high end lingerie/adult/bdsm store. They have cuffs, bondage rope, riding crops with crystals wrapped around it ($450), vibrators, lube, etc. They also have some cool books which are in a much more "reasonable" price range ($30). And they have "museum displays" of vintage books as well as unique and/or vintage sex toys. They have some very nice stuff! and the lady that was working that day was very enthusiastic about their stuff. If we ever have an overabundance of money, we will definitely come back here and buy a few things.  Unfortunately not any of the beautiful lingerie because I'm plus size and their lingerie is for the smaller scaled women.
5	Chong was awesome! Absolutely a must visit!I've visited the NYC store before and enjoyed the experience, but this was so much more fun!! Chong is an amazing sales gal and made the visit enjoyable and fun! I can't wait to come back. The store is sexy, classy, and swanky.
5	I had the absolute greatest retail experience ever tonight. I wish I had gotten the name of the saleswoman with the lovely European accent. She was absolutely delightful! The best I have ever encountered.  I didn't stop smiling for a moment the whole time I was in the store. The products here are fantastic and so very elegant, and I really can't compliment the staff enough. She was amazing!
4	Came here for a Fashion Gives Back event. I didn't know what to expect but, I knew exactly what kinda store this was when I saw all the whips, handcuffs, and dildos!Lets be honest here, I'm fairly sexual but, even I was embarrassed when I saw those things. lolThe saleswoman (I wish I got her name) was really insightful and didn't giggle what-so-ever when explaining the various toys. I gotta give her credit for that! She didn't make me feel uncomfortable, at all.I found the store itself to be very romantic and girlie. Not like one of those seedy sex shops in Vegas. The lingerie and the lighting make it a classy feel to "adventurous" love making.
4	The largest Kiki in the world...so it's a one stop shop for your best friend's bachelorette lingerie search (Don't bother with Agent Provocateur or La Perla in Vegas...you will waste your time)  The experience was so much better than the Kiki in New York...and I'm not quite sure why given that the fruit, champagne, and Polaroid photographs were the same. There's so many dressing rooms, that we all ended up trying on lingerie, and subsequently buying a few new pieces (which my significant other enjoyed probably more than me). The only downside is that it is located in a mall, which if you hate shopping malls as much as I do, you'll prefer the New York entrance on Greene St a bit more. All said and done, you must stop by Kiki if you're hosting a bachelorette party for your best friend in Vegas.
5	THE place to go at Crystals for high-end lingerie...as well as items for the more adventurous/naughty individuals (sexually speaking of course.)   Anthony M. has been happy with all of our purchases here!
