5	Just flew in to Montreal from San Diego . I am originally from mtl , so my brother suggested this place for some good old fashioned smoked meat. It was amazing! Just like it was when we were kids. Not rubbery or over salty like the over processed stuff  that I have had my last few times here. I will definitely be back before I go back home!
5	One of the best smoked meat I have had in years! Service was friendly and great. Curly Q fries were a perfect accompaniment to Saul's original smoked meat sandwich. You can tell the meat is not processed and crumbles like smoked meat should, i ate there about 2 hours ago and my mouth is watering writing this review.
4	As someone who keeps an eye out for new burgers, I am always very pleased to hear when something new shows up.  The bigger joy is when a place opens up in an area where you can't really find something you want.  In that case, Lasalle recently welcomed a new restaurant opened by someone who is quite familiar to the restaurant scene.  Saul Ettinger's latest offering is his fourth stab at bringing us the very best in smoked meat and burgers.  If we have learned from the other places he had a hand in, this one should be quite something.Ettingers caught my eye a few months back, as I was doing my normal burger research.  The fact that it was opening in Lasalle was a very big plus for me, as there aren't any previous Burger Search locations that could be found in one of my favorite parts of town.  When I heard the claims of having quite the burger on radio ads that aired on TSN 990, I just had to go.I'm so glad that Ettingers set up shop in Lasalle or anywhere for that matter.  What you'll get is solid smoked meat and a pretty decent burger.  The combination of service, decor, and quite good dessert made this visit one that I won't forget for a while.  I really do hope that Ettingers is around for a very long time and that it does well, because I really want to go back.
4	I've been a few times, really good food and prices are good. The deli sandwich is very good, however dishes like the fish and chips are lacking a bit of flavour. However it's worth trying.
3	Five of us went for dinner on a Saturday evening for dinner. Two ordered Mac and Cheese with Smoked Meat and said it was spectacular. Two ordered burgers which were amazing. One of the burgers was topped with smoked meat which was excellent. I had the smoked meat sandwich which proved to be disappointing. The bottom half of the sandwich contained smoked meat that was perfection but the top half was covered by dried out bits of meat. The rye bread was good but not great as it lacked the crispy crust expected with a great sandwich. The curly fries were very good. A side order of beer battered onion rings were disappointing. Grease literally dripped from them as they were being dipped in the garlic mayonnaise that accompanied the dish. Service was above par. Friendly and attentive staff.
