5	Dr. Nancy is amazing and truly cares about the animals in her care. She has a very special relationship with all animals and I feel blessed to have found her.  She has helped all my dogs by treating them holistically. Her staff is also kind and caring and can't be beat.  Many people find Dr. Nancy when other vets can no longer do anything for a pet, so they say, "try her." What people find is that Dr. Nancy's skill and knowledge of holistic modalities improves their pet's life. My Jack Russell was always afraid of the vet and would shake and whine during the vet visit. The first time we went to Dr. Nancy, she adjusted her spine and my JRT laid down on the floor and relaxed. She loved going to see Dr. Nancy. I know all my dogs are going to have a longer, healthier, life because of what she has taught me. If you want someone who loves your pet, knows their stuff, and spoils her clients - then you want Dr. Nancy.
5	Dr Brandt and the while staff are amazing from the phone to the exam to check out. Very easy to understand and they all care about your pets well being. They took very good care of my girl and me. I appreciate their knowledge and cleanliness
5	Dr. Brandt is an amazing veterinarian.  I credit her with saving my cat's life with her holistic treatments.  Mogli has pemphigus, an auto-immune disease which left his mouth scarred and sore.  I took him to two other vets before seeking help from Dr. Brandt.  The first could not even prescribe a food for him & promised only steroid shots at least every three months or more.  The second offered the steroid shots plus removing all his teeth.  (Don't ask me how that would help his immune system.)then we came to dr. Brandt.  She gave him one initial steroid shot to start immediate healing.  She prescribed a powder nosode & liquid medicine to be added to his new diet of grain-free turkey meals, which is a cooling food to cool his immune system.  It is now a year later and he has not had a steroid shot since that initial treatment!!!   His mouth is perfectly healed and has no scarring.  I can't thank dr. Brandt enough.  She may cost a bit more than conventional veterinarians, but if you truly love your pets and want the best care for them, then dr. Brandt is the vet they should be seeing.   Yeah to everyone at Natural Care Institute!!!!
5	Best Holistic Pet Doc in town!  Acupuncture & Laser Therapy have prolonged my dogs quality of life in the last 5 years......and counting
5	I found Dr. Nancy many years ago, shortly after having one of my dogs diagnosed with Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency.  We were inspired to make huge changes in with diet and lifestyle starting with a detoxification program that set us on a great path to vitality for all of my animals. Since then we have done all of our wellness care with Dr. Nancy and have benefitted from various other modalities that she offers including chiropractic, acupuncture, laser, color therapy, aromatherapy, nutritional counseling just to name a few.  Dr. Nancy is a talented  and compassionate caregiver, friend and doctor to my companion animals.  We refer to her as the Fairy Dogmother.  Personally, Dr. Nancy has inspired and taught me look at the "whole" picture and I am better able to make better choices for myself and my family because of it!  We are so lucky to have found her.  Dr. Nancy's team of caregivers is also kind, knowledgeable and caring.  We absolutely love her staff and her new location!
