4	May be one of Middleton's best kept secrets... I had run past Paul's on numerous mornings and always figured the illumated "Open" sign was an oversight.Turns out they really are open at 7am each morning, and that they do indeed serve breakfast, including a prime rib breakfast on Sundays! While I haven't had breakfast from Paul's yet, I can confirm that it smells great!We did enjoy a few rounds of drinks while at Paul's last night, and really had a good time.  The establishment is smoke-free (a HUGE bonus in our book), and is laid out in such a manner that the place doesn't feel crowded, even when it's busy.The service was top notch; we never waited or wanted for anything, and we enjoyed watching the cook prepare a wide variety of bar fare with impeccible precision and ease. The chicken tenders looked amazing, as did the bacon cheeseburgers with grilled onions. Portions were astronomically huge, and the most expensive menu item was $6.75. I can't wait to go there for dinner some night.We finished our drinks, paid our tab, thanked the staff and headed home. We were thrilled with Paul's and will definitely be back. We'll update with a report on the food quality as well, but I have a feeling that it won't disappoint.Go here for: drinks, after work gatherings, breakfast, and to enjoy what appears to be excellent "bar food" (burgers, fries, onion rings, chicken tenders, etc).
3	This is a local bar and not a fine dining restaurant, but they have a very friendly staff and serve a great Friday night all you can eat fish fry. If you can get past the noise level and the plain and simple accommodations, you will enjoy the food and the service.
3	If your looking for bar food, that is what you will get. Average price, average food.
4	All you can eat fish fry for $11.75! Of course Friday night. NICE Um yeah... lots of seating, TV's and Fish fry? you CANNOT beat it... This place is great! (Bit of a drive from downtown madison) but isnt that what Yelp is all about? Seriously, cheap food, cheap drinks. And PLENTY of it... plus this place has been around for quite a while! (longer than people might think)
2	It delivers on the name. I stopped in after work for a drink and never tried the food but this is not my kind of place.
5	Good food, drinks are priced decently, super friendly staff.  We stop in at least once a week.
5	Far better then Bennett's for breakfast.  Very clean.  Barkeeps very friendly.  The other customers, bunch of ole timers.  Gotta love the stories they tell, and banter back in forth.   You walked a stranger, but you leave there as family.And the food is good too.
4	Great neighborhood bar! There definitely isn't anything 'special' on tap here, but sometimes all you need is a PBR tallboy to quench your thirst! I don't come for the drinks anyway- the burgers are delicious! The local Knoche's beef and fluffy, buttery buns are SO GOOD. And this is the place to come for your no-frills all-you-can-eat Friday night fish fry! You're served a dinner roll, coleslaw and potato (I always order hashbrowns!) and a choice between fried cod or perch or baked cod. Do yourself a favor and order at least one round of the baked cod! It absolutely melts in your mouth!
3	Average place.  Average food.  Fried stuff and fried burgers.  Loud.  Rowdy crowd for fish fry.  Much better places around... Unless you like average.
3	Fish fry was great.  One helping was more than enough.  Crowd a little old for us, but they were very friendly.
2	Would normally give Pauls 4 stars,but have reduced it due to a recent customer service issue.I am a 'sorta regular' here. They have very good fish frys and equally tasty breakfasts [bacon is exceptional] ,along with generally friendly service...That  changed Sunday..Was here with companions .. Decided to play the "'cherry master video machine" during our visit..Got to a $50 credit when we HAD to leave...Asked Julie to just clear the machine as she was very busy,and I would return later for the money...Please keep in mind clearing machine involves pressing a button and one second of time. Reply was "can't now". Waited ten minutes as she walked by me 3 times..Finally told here again we needed to leave...She basically went into a public rant yelling to the bartender to "give this guy $50"...We just can not justify returning after this experience..Darn, cause it's generally a decent place...
4	A great place for a Friday night fish dinner. The baked fish is my favorite.  The prices are very reasonable with good drink specials. The wait staff is very friendly. Ask for the hash browns with cheese and onions and you won't be disappointed.  They can accommodate large groups and are willing to make special orders.  Give them a try and you will walk away satisfied.
4	This definitely a local favorite, kinda divey fish fry place. Service was sub-par. My niece was with us and the hostess and server seemed so confused about the placement of the high chair at the table, like they'd never navigated around one when in reality there were like two being used right next to is. Our server also always seemed to be in a panicked rush despite the fact that they weren't crazy busy. This place gets 4 stars because the fish fry is amazing. It's all you can eat for $12.95, you can get baked cod, fried cod or fried perch. I went with the perch and baked potato for my choice of potato. It was such a good decision. I haven't had a Friday night in Wisconsin in quite some time so I was really wanting a good fish fry and Paul's did not disappoint. So good.
