1	No bathroom! I can only imagine how many people get sick from eating with dirty hands. If you drink coffee or tea you have to ask the sandwich makers for sweeteners because they don't have them in the drinks are. At least they have spinach and not only lettuce. I've been to so many that only have lettuce.
1	There isn't really anything nice I can say about the Subway chain.  Inconsistency seems to be the only thing that is consistent.  VERY stingy with adding meat.  When I request a lot of onions, apparently two small pieces of onion qualifies as a lot.  Don't even think about asking for extra tomatoes.  It's like pulling teeth!  About the only topping they don't have an issue with generously adding is lettuce.  Yep, nothing like eating a good foot-long sandwich with bread and lettuce.  Each visit to a Subway is a frustrating struggle.  I e-mailed the company with my complaints and never got a response.  So --- if they don't have time for me, I certainly don't have time for them.  I will spend my money elsewhere.  Subway = Boo!
4	Gyeeeeeah Im a fan....This place is better than eating fast foods.. I normally order their Broccoli cheddar soup for my mom. It's quick and easy in and out of cheap sandwiches and cheap eats..If i had to order something here I would normally order the cold cut combo on wheat bread toasted with cheese.. All I have to say is it get' the stomach full.. Nothing too fancy like firehouse subs but get's the job done to satisfy your hunger and it's somewhat healthy. Like I said its better than eating Mc Donald's or any other fast food places.. and their lettuce and veggies and meats are pretty fresh as well can't really complain..
3	This Subway is located right next to the 24 Hour Fitness I go to every Mondays.  I ended a 2 hour session and was really hungry.  Then I remember that for the month of February, they were promoting a $5 foot long sub sandwich.  I got the Turkey foot long sub for $5.41 including tax.  I started off with getting the 9-grain honey oat bread, turkey breast with white American cheese and all toasted.  My  toppings were lettuce, spinach, red onions, cucumbers, tomatoes, green peppers, and light mayonnaise.  This sandwich is usually my favorite.  It's full of flavor and really fills me up!Now if you've ever been in a Subway, you've been to them all.  This franchise is usually small and really focuses on showcasing the food ingredients.  It's an assembly line type restaurant.  Order your meat, move down.  Order your toppings, moved down.  I like the efficiency.  The employees were not as cool.  I wish he had more personality and engaged in his customers.  In the beginning, I tried clarifying the $5 foot long sale and he said, "it's only for this month." Hmmm, OK well it's the middle of the month and I'm only worried about today, so a simple "yes" would have suffice.  Plus, it just seemed like I was inconveniencing him.  Such a turn off.  I'm always going to frequent a Subway.  It's a place where the food doesn't make me feel like I'm taking steps back on my healthy kick.  It's probably because of the fast food type situation.  No matter the service, you can always count of getting in and getting out.
4	Clean. And they always have tomatoes. After a few times they even remembered my ordered and asked if I wanted the "usual". Cloes to work and convenient
3	The sandwiches are decent. Nothing special but they do the job. I would prefer to have either port of subs or Quiznos but they can't beat Subways specials. Once in awhile I have been able to receive Groupon offers for Quiznos but not often.Like I said, the sandwiches are affordable at Subway and their decent. Another plus is that I have 2 of them just down the street so convenience is part of the review too.
