3	Ok, yeah, there's nothing great about the Gin Mill.  It's a slightly below average bar with a slightly below average beer list and below average food.However, I add a 3rd star for the following reasons:1) I always hit two 4-of-a-kind every time I play here.2) Drinking Liberally is here every Tuesday.3) The servers are very nice.4) Their potato chips are pretty damn good.
4	Ok so yes its a dark smoky bar behind a gas station and a few fast food places but its my neighborhood bar and I love it. Don't expect anything fancy or lavish remember the Bellagio is about 15min in the other direction. Just go in and have some drinks eat a burger and kick back because that's what your supposed to do after a long day at work at your neighborhood bar!
5	The gin mill is a great dive bar. They have pool and darts and a lot of other games. The gaming is excellent and the staff is great. Carlo is the manager and runs it very well. After midnight they have $2 heinekens and lite beers. At about 2am all the leftover food in the kitchen is put out free for everyone to eat. Usually pizza and chicken wings and fries and whatever is left over. Excellent watering hole!!!
4	I've been here quite a few times now and have never had a bad experience. It's a great bar to hang out with friends at. They have a great selection of music, 2 pool tables and video poker machines. If you're in the area and looking for a place to grab a drink and kick it, I would recommend the Gin Mill.
4	I have been here a few times, for sports games and just to have a drink with friends. I've never been disappointed. The service is very good and the bartenders are friendly. The burgers are actually very good for bar food. The Miller specials are a bit of a downer, only because I prefer Bud. The TVs are located in great position to enjoy the games from the bar. For a local bar that doesn't have the feel of a big chain, this place is perfect. Side note: the homemade chips are delicious.
5	I love The Gin Mill! It is a friendly neighborhood bar without the pretentiousness of the "dive" bars, which is ironic in and of itself, but I digress. The drinks are cheap (my 3 double Jameson/Ginger Ales and two shots of Jameson came out to $30). My 2 "double" Jameson/ginger ales..which I HIGHLY doubt were doubles, at Aces and Ales were $20. That is what sets a good neighborhood/low key bar from the pretentious hipster bars or the bars on the strip where you are aware of your impending rape.The atmosphere is relaxed, people are singing the good ol boy songs. Some take it upon themselves to come by and introduce themselves. The bartender immediately came over to ensure that we were not being bothered. I really liked our bartender. She had a fun, spunky and real attitude. She even charged my phone for me! Her 30% tip was well deserved. It is a smoky bar, they do serve food, they have a jukebox and pool tables. It does get rowdy, but the atmosphere overall was very relaxed with everyone just enjoying themselves.
4	The food here is excellent. The burgers are huge, the pizza is tasty and the gyro salad is the best thing for your mouth.The bartenders are super friendly. There's really nothing bad I can say about this bar.It's strange that there's no draft beer. Everything is in bottles just so you're aware.
1	My first experience with this bar has been less than stellar. I came here for lunch to grab a quick bite and food took forever. I was unimpressed by the bartenders lack of knowledge in the beers they serve. My buddy ordered a Heineken and got a Heineken light. The food was ok I had 2 sliders and fries and my buddy had 2 sliders as well just so happens another mishap my sliders come with no fries and my buddies does when he didnt order. The fact that they also do not have any beers on tap will be the main factor in me not returning again.
1	This place sucks... Bartender rather be texting on the phone than serving drinks... I got a "Weird" feeling in there.. After 10 min of no acknowledgment  I got up and left...
1	Bartenders were rude till I won some money playing a machine. Then they kissed my Ss because they wanted a tip. The woman who took my food order was smoking at the bar and then delivered my food. Place is dirty!
2	Was here for the first time the other night.  If your a smoker I guess its ok.  The cocktail service was great and quick.  I couldn't get out fast enough as I felt like i was in a volcano with all the smoke.   I suggest having people smoke outside or increase the airflow so someone like me can enjoy the bar.  My review would have been a 4 if the place was a white cloud of smoke.
1	The food is good but takes for ever  the bartenders are so rude and so was the server I asked for ranch for my fries and she said is there anything else I don't want to go back and forth a bunch of times rude rude rude
1	Just moved to Henderson and live walking distance to the Gin Mill. I thought this would be my new "cheers" bar and was excited when I first walked in. Went to the bar and sat there for about 20 mins without ever being greeted by any of the bartenders, even after making eye contact! Ended up walking out. Don't think I'll ever be back... even though it's sooo close to me!
1	This bar is terrible! We took and paid for several shots of Jack Daniels at the bar. We thought they tasted funny so we watched the bartender pour them from a bottle to make sure we weren't getting well whiskey. When we brought it to her attention she said, "oh maybe somebody put something else in this bottle" like it was no big deal. She started pouring shots from a different bottle and they tasted like they should. I will never step foot in this place again
1	Not a female friendly bar. Seriously lacking in customer service skills, a few of the female bartenders are just downright RUDE. The food is good, but sad the experience is ruined by unfriendly, unprofessional bar staff.
1	I wish I could give this Sunday's bartender less than one star. ....what a total ****.  Absolutely horrible
5	Soooooo I gave this place another try... And I have to say I spoke too soon! Maybe the time before was just a bad night but I have since been back... Again and again. And this place is awesome! The regulars are cool as f*** Tiffany and Stephanie are awesome... Mark is crazy, in a good awesome sort of way, and it has become my new hangout! Gin Mill - you guys are awesome!
