5	I'm actually a little surprised I'm the first to review this.  Certainly, someone else would have found this little gem by now.I was supposed to meet a friend here for their "Underground Screening Room" event tonight.  Said friend had to cancel out just as I pulled into the parking lot, but I stayed to see what this show was all about.Five dollars for this show is a bargain.  It's a tiny comics shop in the front, but it's a weird selection of comics.  Not the most realized collection I've seen, but they had quirky, unusual stuff here that caught my eye, and will force me to make a return.As I walked to the back, I bought my ticket for the show.  I didn't know what to expect, but they offered popcorn and sodas upfront.  Okay, that was a little cool and a nice touch.The show itself?  It was very neat.  This little Bohemian group of almost Vaudeville performers doing magic, dance, burlesque, comedy, and more magic.  It all felt very fresh and just different, like this little secret hole in the wall filled with cool and awesome things.Apparently, these shows are once a month, so I will have to go again.  They also do classic cult sci-fi screenings.  I just missed a vintage Doctor Who marathon (curses), so I decided to add them to my Facebook to keep an eye on their "Coming Events" schedule.What a weird, wonderful little thing to stumble upon.  I like quirk, and this place was full of it.  It's nice to see people put so much of their heart into just entertaining the crowd.  It all felt very personal, and the performers seemed to be into mingling with the audience during and after the show.It was the best five dollars I've spent in a good while.
5	Geeks, Nerds and Dorks rejoice!  We now have a home in Vegas.  The Sci Fi Center at Commercial Center includes a comic book shop and an "underground screening room" that offers great classic science fiction and horror films for a dirt cheap $5.Located in the eclectic and low rent Commercial Center (large strip mall on the 900 block of East Sahara), Sci Fi Center is run on the cheap.  But they've done a lot with a little.  They converted the spacious back room of a comic book shop into a small theater, complete with old theater chairs.  And in the evenings on weekend days, they sell cheap tickets ($5 when I went) to watch classic science fiction television shows and movies, as well as the best and worst horror films ever made.  I've been there to see the original, silent film Phantom of the Opera and for some of their Doctor Who screenings.  It's fun, it's cheap and usually filled with welcoming staff and theatergoers.The Sci Fi Center remains a hidden treasure in Vegas, but it shouldn't be.  All lovers of science fiction, horror and comic books should know, love and support this place.  The set up does have its issues.  The sound system is not state of the art, the movie is projected on a blacked out wall and the projector can be a little loud if you're sitting too close, but it's still a great place.  And while the sound issues might earn it only 3.5 stars in another city, this place is unique in Vegas, hosts an inventive list of movies and shows, and is a much-needed dose of quirky culture focused on the locals.  So I say 5 stars all the way.
4	How FUN! My regrets tht I have not made it in here sooner! Been meaning to get there, especially for the Darkside of the Rainbow night...but finally got there for the fundraiser last night.Mr Powell is an absolute sweetheart! All the staff were polite and welcoming. The comic book section up front was interesting to peruse and I loved checking out the memorabilia. Not knowing what to expect I was pleased to see popcorn and drinks available. $5 for a movie was a great deal!Although it was a little hard to find the place at first, once I knew what I was looking for it made sense....a great little hidden secret. Too cool to keep secret though...needs to be shared and that is my goal now. If we get the word out this little secret can be upgraded a bit and will help the business grow!I was tickled to be able to bring friends here and have them also enjoy the evening watching "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" with me!Awesome venue and I hope to be back for many more interesting evenings....and now I have another place to hold private events.
5	WHy aren't you here yet?I'm no comic fan, but I do love horror. And just about every weekend, they play some horror movies on a big screen!!! go to the website to find out, or friend him on facebook to see what's playing when.At this shop, I've met, taken pics with, and gotten autographs with Doug Bradley (pinhead from Hellraiser) and I know he's has some other stars and starlets there as well.Lately there are showings of shadowcast "REPO the genetic opera". In the past there was Buffy the vampire slayer and RHPS.So, what's not to love?btw,it's easier to me, to go through commercial center front entrance on sahara, and drive to the back, but getting there via Karen will work too.
5	The sci fi center is every nerd, geek, fanboy, and b-movie afficianados dream.  This place offers comics and movies, but the true heart is the underground screening room.  Showing the gambit from Dr who to foreign horror, and local film makers movies.  And William the owner is knowledgable in his field and a welcome and friendly face to any nerd. If your not here, then your should be.
5	Just saw the Grapes of Death here tonight.  A French zombie flick from the 70s that actually wasn't too terrible.  I've never really been into foreign films of any genre but this flick was quite entertaining.  The theater had  a bunch of movie theater style seats with some plastic chairs in front for when it gets really busy(like when they screen Dr. Who or The Evil Dead).  There were only a few people here tonight but everybody was really friendly.  The owner was really cool.  They have a sale going on for buy one item get 50% off another.  I picked up an X-files comic and a Hannibal Lecter figure for about $20.  Their comics selection isn't the biggest by far but I was here for the movie anyway and it did not disappoint.  For $5 it's hard to beat.
5	I never knew that a place this amazing ever excited here in Vegas... I went for the first time to watch "The Shining" for CINEMONDAY'S movie showcase & I am now a devoted fan of The Sci Fi Center & will continue to show my love to this place... For all you Horror fans I highly suggest you make this place your second home...
5	I went today to watch the human centipede 2 and definitely would come back to watch other horror films!I'm so glad I found this place! although it was an adventure to find with my lack of navigation. We ended up at the old location and accidentally walked into a gay bar. (i think) The guy in the shop was extremely helpful though, we called to get directions and even called back to see if we found it, I really wish more people knew about this place.
5	I'm so glad that my friend introduce me to the Sci-Fi Center. Saw The Human Centipede 2 just the other night in their cozy Screening room. I'll definitely be coming back more often for horror flicks that you wouldnt find in the regular big screen theaters. And the owner, Im assuming who I was talking to, was so cool.
5	Funky, Cool and now cutting edge with  IFC FILMS MOVIE NIGHT.  The best little  movie house has gotten better!
