3	While I usually dig shopping at this store, the clothing tends to be a tad pricer than Buffalo Exchange or Name Brand Clothing Exchange, two of my favorites. There's also not nearly as much as a selection. But the shop is good for finding brand name jeans like Antik and 7 For All Mankind, which they typically have a lot of. They sell men and women's clothes, belts, purses, shoes, etc. One of my coworkers swears by this store even though I have yet to fall in love.
3	I simply cannot believe I waited so long to check this place out. I guess I thought it was all still-relatively-expensive used designer jeans and overly fashionable stuff I would never wear.I accompanied a friend who had some stuff to sell, and though broke, was left to peruse the store while they pilfered his throw aways.1. there is a huge range of sizes, styles and price points for their jeans - and they're all decent cuts and brands.2. yes, the selection is way less than Buffalo's but its all good stuff. I don't care for digging jam-packed racks of used clothing if 90 percent of it sucks. This place is like someone scoured Buffalo for all the cool shit for you and presented it in a less-crowded, more inviting store.3. I like that they sell hand-made, super unique threads from a local designer.You might have better luck selling at buffalo, because there are more selective. But hands down, by way of shopping, I prefer Sunset.
4	As a former BuffX employee, I can no longer pay retail for my favorite labels. And, as a former BuffX employee, I always felt weird going back into the store to shop. Hence my love for Sunset Clothing. Thumbs up for their clean, roomy store, their impeccable selection, the bitchin art on the wall, and the fact that they are locally owned.
2	I don't know why Sunset Clothing Exchange moved from it's way bigger digs at Southern & McClintock.. but I guess they wanted to be right next door to Buffalo Exchange...Anyway, this store is very take-or-leave it. If you are going to BE, stop by there, but I wouldn't go out of your way. I did buy 3 kick ass vintage dresses on a fluke once... and they have really cool art on the walls from local artists, including art by my bud Wiley. I think this place has good, if not great intentions - but just doesn't have the purchasing power to keep the store fully stocked/ or interesting.
4	Let's get real here, Buffalo Exchange hasn't been very good since the early 2000s. Sure we all still stop in but mainly to exclaim, "They want $70 for these True Religions?!?! Just look at the hems..."Sunset Clothing Exchange has almost the opposite effect. I find myself almost joyfully yelling, "OHMYGOD!! Look at this French Connection dress! The tags are still on, and it's only $20!!!" Their clothing selection isn't extenive, but everything is high quaility and most of it is new. The staff is not comprised with snotty hipsters; most of the employees are genuinely kind and interested in fashion. The fitting rooms are clean and well kept just like everything else in the store. Not that the decor really matters, but the art on the walls and in the fitting rooms is really cool. The overall effect is very chic, and I love it!
5	The staff is really nice, the prices are good, and they are right in style.  A good mix of used and new.  Accessories are local, as well as unique and they are open to giving advice.  Great place!
