5	Recently moved to Lawrenceville and found City Cafe, a worthy addition to the excellent restaurants on Butler. I'd even go as far as to say best breakfast in Lawrenceville in terms of quality food. You're hosted by the owner in his quiet cafe setting with a bit of nostalgia playing on the stereo. Try the steamed-milk oatmeal with fresh fruit served in a bowl cup, or the dainty poached egg, fresh tomato and toast breakfast. Seriously though, I'll be back.
3	The food was actually quite tasty and VERY affordable.  Perhaps we caught them on a low-staffed day but the service was very, very slow mainly due to the fact that our server was also the cook, owner, barista, and cashier.  The whole breakfast took over an hour....if only they would just hire a server!  We sat outside and it was lovely!
3	I've driven by the City Cafe several times, but I never had time to stop in.  The other day i was walking by and decided to try it for lunch.They have a limited lunch menu right now, but the owner told me he was planning on expanding it.   I had a burrito and a marvelous glass of fresh brewed green iced tea.   It was great.I will be back.
5	City Cafe proved to be a wonderful choice for a pregame breakfast with my parents in Lawrenceville.  Contrary to other reviews, they did have a server who handled the tables and coffee while the owner kept his focus on sending great food out of the kitchen.I ordered the heuvos rancheros and can easily say this is one of the best versions of this dish I've ever tasted.  The beans were fresh, not canned.  The hot suace had bite, but no Tabasco.  And the eggs were fresh and perfectly fried.  The only thing that might have pushed this dish over the top would have been to lightly fry the tortillas that were served on the side to give them a touch of crispness.  And I'm sure if I'd asked, they'd have done it.  Next time!My parents both ordered omelettes and both were wonderfully fluffy and stuffed with fresh ingredients and just the right amount of cheese.  The coffee was very good.  In fact, my cappucino was so good I ordered a second one, something I rarely do.Overall, a very good breakfast at a quaint and comfortable place in Lawrenceville.  Yinz need to try it sometime!
3	We originally were headed to brunch at some "new" coffeehouse in Lawrenceville, but when their menu was NOT very brunch friendly, we decided to eat somewhere else.  We walked to New Amsterdam and the menu looked lackluster their as well.  We turned around to see if anything was near us and that is when we saw the City Cafe.We walked up and upon just seeing how HOT the server was we decided to eat brunch right there!!  ;-)Anyway, it's a vegetarian restaurant.  The food is good...IF you can get the old man (the owner and cook unfortunately) to actually want to prepare something.  Each time we have been there when he doesn't have a server, he is somewhat rude and acts as if he is being put out to make our food.  WHEN it's made, it's always delicious.He makes a point to mention each time how his old restaurant in San Fran I believe it is used to be a "lovers" soda pop shop.  Tables were for 2 people ONLY.  I think he is somewhat irritated if more than 2 arrive.  Anyway, the entire scene is very weird.  If only the food wasn't so dang good!
4	Food: The brunch menu is all vegetarian.  There are basically three categories of meals: typical breakfast staples (oatmeal, toast, yogurt, eggs), omelets, and burritos.  There aren't other typical breakfast items like pancakes or french toast.  The burritos and omelets are prepared with a variety of veggies and other goodies and there are at least 5-6 of each to choose from.  A California omelet came with a side of home fries/potatoes and a basket of fresh made toasted bread with orange marmalade.  The omelet nicely prepared and not slapped together.  The burrito was huge and came with fresh cantaloupe on the side.  Both meals were very tasty and the veggies were fresh.  We had to deliberate to choose our meals because so many things sounded good.Price: Meals ranged from $4-7, and for the amount of food you get with fresh ingredients, its definitely a good deal.Drinks: City Cafe has a full coffee bar to choose from.  The coffee was organic French roast, served in a huge cup, and was delicious.Atmosphere: The dining area is fairly small, but the tables are nicely spaced apart.  There are plants scattered throughout with artwork on the wall.  There's a large street-front window which lets in sunshine.  The tables are mostly for 2.  They're pretty to look at but wobbly.  We almost spilled our hot coffee a few times.  Located right in the middle of Lawrenceville, street parking is available and there are a lot of other places nearby to stop after brunch.  Service: Our waitress was very friendly and quick to take our order and refill our coffee.  The cook (who acted like the owner) came out to speak to us personally several times, and gave us advice on what to order.  Both the waitress and cook were very personable and funny and made us feel welcome and appreciated.  The food was served quickly and we were checked on multiple times.(+): friendly staff, fresh ingredients and homemade taste, great coffee(-): more "breakfast" food on the menu would be nice for those who don't want something heavy or saltyWould I go back again? Yes.  There aren't many all vegetarian restaurants in Pittsburgh, so this is now on our list.  And we are anxious to visit the cook and waitress again.
5	City Cafe has the best breakfast in Lawrenceville, even better than Coca Cafe. Everything on the menu is vegetarian, but even meat eaters will find most of the dishes to be hearty enough for their tastes.The menu is mostly limited to omelets and wraps, but honestly, everything is prepared so well that I don't mind. The cafe is more or less a one man shop and everything is made to order so his menu compliments the atmosphere of City Cafe--small time, simple and fresh.I'm always discouraged by the lack of people dining in what I consider to be one of the best breakfasts to be found in the vicinity. The owner is nice and the atmosphere is calm and quaint, perfect for a simple, quiet breakfast and conversation. I learned today, straight from the owner's mouth, that he was probably not going to renew his lease in 11 months, instead opting to move back to his regular location downtown.His reason? Not enough foot traffic and not enough business. Give it a shot, try their fresh squeezed lemonade, their hearty vegetarian soups, their delicious coffee, their milkshakes, their omelets, their wraps, their egg dishes...try ANYTHING! They're all good!
4	We live just up the street from this place and LOVE the coffee.  As many others have stated, the owner is a one-man show and is a fantastic cook.  He is verbally disheartened by the lack of business and is actually relocating downtown in January of 2012.  We will be sad to see him go, but we hope that more people will appreciate him there!
2	My wife and I went here on Sunday (the line for Coco Cafe was too long) and we had quite an interesting experience. I'll start with the simple stuff: the food. I had a burrito with potatoes, eggs, and something else (though they were out of avocados so the one I really wanted was a bust) and it was fine. Nothing special. My wife had the peasants breakfast which was tasty, but also nothing to really rave about. The interesting part was the service. I don't know if this was a Sunday thing or the norm, but there was only one employee working that day. One employee for the kitchen and the front of the house. Meaning, this guy would take our order, go to the kitchen, cook it, and bring it out. No help of any kind. This was fine when it was just me and my wife, but once other folks started showing up, he was very much overwhelmed. At one point, the guy (I'm pretty sure he was the owner) told one couple that it would be at least 20 minutes before he could even take their order and told another group of three that they should just leave and go to Eat N' Park since it would be faster that way.So, it's a cute cafe, with mediocre food, and, um, interesting service. Would I go there again? Nah. I'd rather wait the 45 min for Coco Cafe or go to Dozen when it reopens.
1	I will agree that the food is good, but the service is so bad and the owner is so rude that it is not worth it.
4	City Cafe is unique and unexpected.  I highly recommend reading a few reviews before you go, so you know what to plan for.  I had a wonderful, quirky brunch experience here a week ago with a good friend who'd been there before, and loves introducing other people to the delights of the City Cafe.Parking is actually free right in front of the cafe, so that's a plus.  We walked in (on a Saturday at noon) and it was totally empty.  I know this seems like a bad sign, but just bear with me.  The owner greeted us immediately - he is host, server, barista, cook, and conversation all in one - and served us Earl Grey and coffee in large mugs.  He asked if we were ordering food - he is a fantastic cook, but he also really values the fact that this is a CAFE, and food is optional.  But we were hungry, and came for his cooking.  I ordered the huevos rancheros, and my friend ordered the Brazilian peasant breakfast.  He disappeared to cook it, and we sipped our drinks.  In this time, another customer appeared and sat at a table.  The owner did not emerge from the kitchen.  She left within 10 minutes, without having been greeted.  I feel guilty, like I should've explained it to her.  This is how the man operates - he runs the entire show - and sometimes you will need to wait.  If he doesn't greet you, he's back in the kitchen cooking.  If you want to order food but he's making a cappuccino, then you need to sit tight.  He said he couldn't afford to hire a server - I think it's a vicious cycle where he can't hire someone to serve, so service is slow and people don't come, and then he doesn't make enough money to hire someone.  People just need to come and be leisurely!  Have a little patience!Our breakfasts were served in small baking dishes, straight out of the oven.  The accompanying tortillas and baguette were soft and warm, served with butter and jam (and, I think, hot sauce for me).  My eggs were marvelous.  Deliciously soft, with a runny yolk.  The potatoes, onions, and beans underneath were toothsome and creatively spiced, in a rich, warm sauce.  For such a large meal, it felt light in my stomach afterwards.  It made me happy - fed the soul, if you will.  All the food here is vegetarian.  It is also hearty and inexpensive, as well as prepared with skill.  As the only people in the cafe, the owner chatted with us a bit about his future plans.  He does have an unusual conversation style - sort of, excited and talkative with an odd turn of phrase - and he has very strong opinions about what matters in our culture.  He clearly values quality, freshness, patience, and you need to feel that way too in order to come here.  Don't come here for a greasy breakfast, or if you want to get in and out in 30 minutes.  Come for a cup of coffee in a sunny room, a homemade brunch, and some memorable conversation.  Prepare to stay a while.  But please do try it - help the man hire a server, for goodness sake!
3	Ever been to your grandparents? Lets talk about it for a moment. Cons: They want to make you food and if you aren't hungry...you are still getting food. They can't hear very well if at all. They smell like old people Pros: They want to make you food and if you aren't hungry...you are still getting food. To them, you are the next president/ superhero.Welcome to City Cafe.The food is delicious. The service is well...it's "unique". The man who runs it is extremely hard of hearing so if you talk with your hands, this may benefit you. If not? Good luck. The lemonade truly is fresh and the breakfast I ate really did make me feel like I was in someone's house as oppose to a restaurant. It's a rare thing these days but I loved it. The space is small and the price is decent, cash only fyi.Pro Tip: The super nice man there is more or less a hippie who hates automobiles so if he asks you about how you got here, say you took a bicycle and thank me later. Two non pollutant thumbs up.
3	I can only speak for the coffee which was excellent.   The conversation with the owner was interesting, but a bit one sided.
1	After walking around the city and nothing being open, I spotted this place! I should have known there was something wrong because there was only one person inside. I walked in and asked for 2 bagels with cream cheese to go. I obviously offended the waiter (which I assume is the owner).As I was waiting 2 other people from the group I was travling with came in and bought 2 bananas, and I said just to add it to my tab. Well thank goodness they were there because I went to pay with my credit card and he said they only take cash. There is not a sign in site that says "cash only", which would be nice for people in this world that only carry debit cards. After giving back change I asked for a receipt, in which he ignored me and I had to ask again. The man got pissy telling me "next time to go to Starbuck where they have take out, give receipts and and even 'super-size' it for me". Seriously?? This is why you only have one person in your restaurant on a Sunday. If you weren't a complete a-hole then you would have a line out the door of people wanting food! Don't go here, there is a Starbucks down the street.
