2	We went here on Wed for my grandson's birthday.  We got there about 8 pm and it was sort of busy, and mariaches were singing. The waitress didn't speak English and we had questions about some menu items which were in Spanish. It took us awhile to order due to the language barrier [two dishes were described exactly the same in different sections w/different prices, and other issues] and her serving other tables. By that time, the place had totally cleared out, including the music. My son and his wife got their shrimp burro meals fairly fast, then quite awhile later when they were finished, my grandson got his bacon-wrapped shrimp [he wasn't hungry any more from eating chips, etc], and then 15-20 minutes later, I got my "seafood stuffed fish" [ I guess seafood means only "shrimp" and veggies on top]. It took over an hour for my fiancee to get his Zarande Ado Relleno [grilled whole fish w/veggies on top] and I had to request his side of tortillas that were to come with it. He had been sharing my food and eating lots of chips, salsa and ceviche because he was starving, so wasn't hungry any more. He took a couple of bites of his meal and packed it to go [as did my Grandson]--we had to leave because he gets up very early for work, and it was after 9:30. On a positive note, the salsa was one of the best I've ever had [would like to get the recipe], and that along with the chips and ceviche [nice perk], and Margaritas(!) saved us while waiting for our food. However, although servings were generous the seafood did not have much flavor, was overcooked and a disappointment after reading some of the glowing reviews. It was not the waitress's fault the food took so long and she comped us on a round of drinks while we waited for the last two plates. Otherwise, she was fairly attentive, but it was very frustrating trying to communicate with her, only speaking muy poquito Espanol and using hand gestures. She did apologize, and I was sorry it was a negative experience because we were there to "celebrate" a birthday.
1	Be aware of the following!!!!!!If you try to use restaurant .com or groupon....the restaurant doesn't count alcohol in the total bill!!!I spent $103 and they refused to allow restaurant .comSecond,....if you request a song from the band??? Cost you $20 bucks!!!Even Happy Birthday.I tipped $5 and a band member said all requests are $20.We will not return.
1	VERY BAD service !!! Took my dad here for Father's Day ! Got seated then nobody acknowledged my family for 20 min !!! We had to get someone to help us !!! Took 10 min to get our drinks !!! Then it took an hour to receive our food !!! Mal servicio!!!!! No vayan a este pinche lugar!!! Las meseras estan mal educadas!!!
5	So good!! We are on vacation and we stopped here for dinner and we were pleasantly surprised! Live music and great seafood!
5	Very fresh and tasty seafood and other mexican plates. On Thursday if you buy a dozen oysters you get another dozen for free! And the oysters are a dozen for $11.50 that is the cheapest price I have found in Arizona so far. It's a little ways away but well worth the drive. Ask about their daily specials.
5	First time here. The food was really good  and service was fast. Even the kids liked the food and want to go back.
