4	Fondue heaven.  A leisurely dinner that lasted four hours that encompassed the "Big Night" menu option.  This included a cheese fondue, a salad choice, the Lobster Indulgence in a cooking style (our choice - Mojo Cooking Style), and a dessert fondue.  We added a bottle of Asti Spumante, Martini & Rossi champagne to complement our meal.To start, our waiter melted the cheese fondue (our choice - Traditional Swiss Cheese Fondue) right in front of us.  He presented us with cubes of bread, veggies, and apple slices for dipping.  Next time I would try a different flavored cheese mix, something a bit bolder perhaps.Next was our salad (our choice - Strawberry Almond Salad), which was a nice mix of sweet with the strawberries and tartness from the balsamic vinaigrette.The waiter arrived with our entrees next (Lobster Indulgence - twin lobster tails, teriyaki sirloin, black tiger shrimp, citrus-marinated pork tenderloin, breast of chicken, and roasted vegetable ravioli), a beautiful display with the lobster tails cut perfectly.  After adding different spices to our broth, he went over the finer details of how long we should cook our various foods, from the veggies to the seafood to the meats.  Tons of dipping sauces accompanied the entrees.To conclude our meal, the favorite of everyone's...dessert (our choice - Tropical Coconut Rum Chocolate Fondue).  The waiter arrived with our melted chocolate and added the rum and spices.  A plate of bananas, marshmallows, pound cake, strawberries, pineapple and brownies were presented for dipping.  Yummy.This was a hearty meal for two, but thoroughly enjoyed.  If you can't do it all, come by for dessert at least.  That will bring a smile to anyone's face I'm sure.This restaurant works great for couples or large groups.  Great for parties and social gatherings because of the interactiveness of fondue!  If going as a couple, ask for one of the private booths away from customer traffic.  You'll be left alone plenty to indulge in the decadence of your meal.This is the type of restaurant where you can have fun eating and dipping.  Bring someone with you that you know you can have fun with.  It just makes the experience that much better.(Check out the photos from our fabulous meal above!)
4	i love this place and i love fondue.  the place is modern w/dark tones decorations.  if you can't get a table at this place, get the table at the bar.  the food is definitely worth it.  the reason why i love this place so much is that they have private booths which are situated away from the bigger tables and walking traffic.  I love how these booths are set up with corner seating, so your date and you can sit side by side for a more romantic and intimate dinner.    the last time i was here, my FABULOUS date and i enjoyed the "Big Night" option on the menu.  i also ordered a bottle of some the sweet champagne (Asti Spumante) from Martini and Rossi.  we started off with bread cubes, vegatables, and apples to dip in the traditional  swiss cheese fondue melted right in front of us.  this was followed by a strawberry -almond salad, which used the sweetness of strawberries to accent the tangy balsamic vinegar.  for our entree we ordered the lobster Indulgence, which included lobster tails, beef sirloin, black tiger shrimp, citrus-marinated pork tenderloin, breast of chicken, and whew some roasted vegetable ravioli to dip in a special broth.  i loved all the different tons of dipping sauces, because i just love to dip those little bastards of lobsters, beef, or chicken into some tasty tangy flavors.   we finished it off with the tropical coconut rum chocolate fondue.  i really wanted to dip a spoon in there and just eat it straight out of the pot.  it came with a plate of bananas, marshmallows, pound cake, strawberries, pineapple chunks, brownies and cheesecake.  actually, if it were allowed i would have liked to dip my date in it, too....ooh yummy!!! yeah, this meal was pretty good, and pretty heavy on the stomach.  i would recommend to go light on the appetizer, maybe skip the salad, try the entree, but it is a must to make it to the dessert!!!
5	Chain or not, I love this place.  Absolutely adore it.  Can't get enough of it.  I'm actually sickened that I haven't been there in almost a year.  It troubles me.I'd never done fondue before my first trip to The Melting Pot, having missed the 70s for a lack of, oh, you know, being alive or cognizant for most of the decade.  The cheese course is always astounding, and the server/preparer always tells me something new that I didn't know about either the preparation of the fondue or where they get the cheese or some other interesting tidbit.  (Didja know dusting the cheese in flour stops it from becoming too greasy as it melts and keeps the texture smooth?  Now ya do!)  The emmenthaler is my personal favourite.  The salad with candied walnuts, bleu cheese and raspberry viniagarette pretty much rules my life.They have two cooking styles for the main course - Mojo and Coq au Vin.  I've tried and thoroughly enjoyed both.  The Coq au Vin is great with heavier meats like the teriyaki sirloin and the filet, and the Mojo works well with chicken and prawns.  I'm a nut for sauces and when everything is said and done, there are 7 on the table to compliment all your meats and veggies. Of course, the chocolate course is astounding.  I've had turtle, bananas foster, and plain old milk chocolate and all of them have been a delight.  A tray of: cheesecake, marshmallows, pound cake, pineapple, strawberries, and bananas accompanies the dessert.  Needless to say, I've waddled out of the restaurant many times.The 4 course meal is called the Big Night Out and runs about $100 per couple with a drink.  It's worth it both for the food and the experience of doing the fondue thing.  Crap.  Now I think I'm going to be dropping $100 on dinner sometime soon.
4	The Melting pot finally opened up an East Side location not more than a couple years ago and still one must make a reservation to eat here at any normal dinner hour. There are on line reservations you can make which I highly suggest. Once you get to melting pot, obviously know that dinner will take two and a half to three hours. I always try to make it quicker and it never really works. The fondue is always consist ant here. I can only recommend what I have had, and I always stick to the basics, cheese, wine based fondue for meat and yummy dark chocolate. This is always good!!! You Will Be Full...
4	This was the first fondue restaurant I've visited, and I really enjoyed it. The most expensive meal is about $100/couple. My bro, sis-in-law, boyfriend, and myself chose this. It was pure heaven! The meats were delicious and it's very surprising how certain items go well with cheese. The dinner will last quite sometime (about 4) hours, but it's well worth it. After downing a couple bottles of wine and a few more cocktails, our bill came up to almost $350 including tip. Yea, pretty expensive...but a fun place to have dinner ONCE IN AWHILE.
1	There are a lot of things wrong with this restaurant and I primarily blame the people. I'm not sure why they have such attitudes. We had a reservation for 6 people for 5:45pm. My sister and her boyfriend arrived early and sat at the bar. We arrived at 5:45pm exactly and, even though the restaurant was completely empty, we were told "Have a seat at the bar and we'll seat you when we can." There were *3* people just standing around the desk in the lobby-- doing WHAT, I ask?! Certainly not seating people-- no customers were within sight or earshot, except for a single gentleman sitting at the bar. Our waiter was... I don't know, exactly. Tart? Mostly okay, I guess, but kept disappearing and kind of sarcastic. The bartender wasn't the warmest, either, but was mostly okay as well. The wine he poured was clearly from a bottle that had been open too long. The taste of old too-cold (reds don't belong in the ice box!) is unmistakable and displeasing. We had the "Fusion" choice on the "Night Out" menu. Even though we had six of us, 3 couples, we were only able to choose 2 pots of anything which resulted in reduced quantity and choices. Their restaurant and seating options should reflect their menu. We should have been able to have more variety. We chose the traditional swiss and featured "Mediterranean" cheese. We had two pots of coq au vin to cook our food and that was perhaps a poor choice since it was flavorless and discolored the food making it look more or less done (depending if it was chicken or beef) than it actually was. Speaking of doneness, this restaurant needs some timers or a simple clock on the wall/table in view of every guest. Quite hungry, I kept taking my meats from the pot too early. We tried a variety of salads-- most were okay but the raspberry vinaigrette on the California salad was way too sweet. (Vinaigrettes are vinegar-based and are supposed to be tangy, not sweet and syrupy!!!) For the dessert fondues, we had raspberry chocolate and caramel turtle. The raspberry claimed to have hints of hazelnut but they were nowhere to be tasted. The caramel turtle was good but lacking enough pecans. And the dipping choices? Fucking atrocious. The platters needed more fruits and bland dippers (i.e. pound cake) because who the eff wants to dip oreo-coated marshmellows and brownies in a pot of chocolate? Well, okay, I do know some people but all the sugar is, quite literally, nauseating after all the rich food (cheeses, creamy sauces, heavily marinated meats). I had to ask for an extra bowl of apple pieces (from the cheese course) and additional strawberries . Dipping sugar in sugar is just..... ugh. I think the food is very overpriced for what it is. None of the meats wowed me. The shrimp weren't even deveined and the lobster was tough and not properly cut for cooking. The sauces were bland at best, with the exception of the pleasantly spicy cocktail sauce for the shrimp. The "curry" insults curries everywhere, to be certain. The coq au vin was flavorless. The negatives are endless. Reservations are pointless, the staff needs a major attitude adjustment in addition to a lesson in customer service. I will not ever patronize this restaurant again.
4	so it was tough to decide what rating to give  this place. i HATE their main entrees. its like you cook ur own food in broth and theres no taste yuck.but i am a HUGE HUGE fan of the cheese and chocolate they have here.its total fondue style so  if you get spinach and artichoke the waiter(ess) will come and put the cheese spinach and the little things that make it taste good and after it melts u eat it with apples veggies breads etc. i always get scared to ask for more bread and such but theyre really nice about it.the same goes with the chocolate. i think i found my new favorite Banana Foster. it was absolutely amazing.  the chocolate comes with  pound cake cheese cake overly sweet marshmellows with cookie crumbs on it and fruit.i feel like the cheese and chocolate are really reasonable saying you can share it with others. i wish the food was as good though and not a complete rip off. because trust me i could walk to vons and make my own nastyly broth chickena nd steak for way less then 30 bucks.but the chocolate and cheese again win me over =)
5	We came for the chocolate fondue on a Saturday night around 7pm without any reservations. We were promptly seated at the bar.The chocolate fondue here is the best I can find in vegas! The chocolate is very high quality.The service was excellent.. The bartender was very friendly.. The chocolate fondue was cheaper than in CA.. $14 for the small and $24 for regular.  They also refilled our fruit when we finished them.  The chocolate fondue is a STEAL for these prices!!I'm not a fan of cooking my own food so I only come here for the chocolate.  I came for dinner once and felt it was too expensive for doing it yourself. I don't know how to cook filet mignon properly.. I'd rather pay about the same and have a chef do it properly for and end up with a better tasting steak.
5	I love the Melting Pot. It is my most favorite place to eat. It's a bit pricey but worth every penny. At my house we have to refer to it as "MP" because if you say Melting Pot we all practically jump in the car to go and our mouths start watering. The service is great and the atmosphere is very romantic for dates.
5	Im not a big fan of the food, but the dessert is great!   You can't go wrong!  Melted chocolate with tons of stuff to dip it in, how could it get better?!  They have great dark chocolate fondue, with excellent dipper things (bananas, cheesecake, strawberries, brownie bits, marshmellows, etc.)  This is a great drinks/dessert place that i would recommend! :]  Enjoy!
3	The restaurant . com tour continues - we did one of their combo seafood meat, veggie, dessert thingy's. tried a berry mojito - boring, boring boring. everything was ok but man o man, they give you way too many dipping sauces - one was for meat, one for veggies, one for meat and veggies - blah blah blah ! the dessert platter made the day - had some sort of chocolate turtle liquor fondue - they give you fruits, cookies, marshmallows, cake, cheesecake , maybe it was an off night because our platter didn't include the mini-kitchen sink ! would i do this place again - i kinda have to - got a coupon for the charleston location but 2 times now i've gone and they were booked - geez, didn't think the concept was all that !
5	I resisted going to this restaurant for the past two years because I don't enjoy sweet or cheesy meals.  I also thought the servings would be small and the prices high.  My wife finally convinced me and I am glad she did.  I had some of the best steak, lobster, chicken and other food as I have had anywhere else.  I was more than satisfied with the portions and actually was unable to eat everything that I was served. For a hundred bucks, we had great service, great atmosphere and great food.  This is a very unique dining experience.  I recommend it for either an intimate dinner for two, or a large group.  Although my experience was intimate, I can see how the process would lend itself to a great social dinner as well.My rating is based on the combination of service, value and quality of food.  Oh, and the desert was better than I expected.
5	One of my favorite places ever. I heard they just closed both locations here in las Vegas. Cross your fingers they re-open.
