3	I've only visited this thrift store once, but it's really quite nice. The prices are much higher than others in the area, but it seems a bit more selective in what it offers. I do plan to return.
4	This is one of my favorite thrift stores in Madison. I don't buy shoes second hand all that often--mostly for lack of selection--but this place has a fantastic selection that changes pretty often. Their prices are a bit higher than you'd expect for a thrift store, but the difference isn't huge. They've also got a little punch card program: when you fill up a card you get like $10 off a purchase or something. Be sure to ask about it. :)
4	I love this place! They're one of my top three thrift stores in Madison. They don't seem to have a good of a clothing selection during the summer, but their winter selection is amazing! I will be shopping here for winter coats from now on. The workers are always so nice and friendly.
4	Higher end thrift store than most, but reasonable prices. Nice adult clothes, furniture, and home decorations, but no clothes for kids.  Clean changing rooms. Friendly staff.
4	This store is on my go-to list when clothes shopping. While it is true that their prices might be higher than some things at Goodwill or St. Vinnie's, I feel like what I find here is consistently high quality. I'm more than happy to pay $5-7 for a like-new piece of clothing, even more so when it supports an amazing charity. I've never left empty handed. I don't buy as much housewares or furniture, but what I've seen in those areas looks nice. The staff are always laughing, smiling and very friendly. I've even overheard them calling someone when something particular comes in. As another reviewer mentions, they have a punch card reward program where every $10 you spend earns a punch and 12 punches gives you $10 in credit on your next purchase. Also, if you sign up for their e-mail list you automatically get a 20% off coupon good for 30 days and notification of various sales at both Madison locations (like $2 pants and skirts, or a % off of select types of items).
5	Everything is organized by COLOR! Makes shopping a breeeeeeeze, since I have a pretty defined color palette. This is a bit more of a curated thrift store than St. Vinny's, Savers, etc.--you won't find a lot of broken or dirty items, so prices are a bit higher, but last time I went in I snagged a beautiful wool coat for $9.99, so it's still very much in the standard thrift store price range.
