4	Great place to grab a bite after a night out. They're open 24/7 :)
3	The menu has changed some, since I use to frequent Denny's, seems smaller.Food was good, a bit too much oil (Prime rib skillet).Prices are super good, they now have a $2, $4, $6 menu with a good amount of choices.Service was good.
4	It's Denny's so it's the same quality as anyplace else. The service here is nice. They do make an effort to keep drinks filled and serve the food at the right temperature. But if you've eaten at one Denny's then you've pretty much experienced the menu so there's not much else to say!
4	Predictible
4	Always good service and they are good at keeping drinks up even when you hang out to study for a few hours. I've been in there at all times of day and night and never had the typical "bad Denny's"experience.
1	I did not come to this location for over a year because of bad service.  Decided to give another chance , so I am back . Service is definitely improved except cooking abilities. Ordered Philly skillet with Swiss cheese...... I guess cook has no difference between cheeses . They brought Philly skillet with squeezed cheep cheese..... Really??????? They think people dumb ! No more to this location !!!!!!!
1	This Denny's used to be at least 4 stars. But now it has definitely gone down hill. The service is slowwwwww and the managers never give a hoot. You would think the managers would be stepping it up and helping out their servers in order to make the customers happy but that definitely is not the case. Just tonight while my old man and I are sitting here waiting for our food..two tables are complaining to their server about the food being cold and the service being slow. Two tables were completely bring ignored because the servers were so focused on the one table complaining and making a scene. All the while the manager is just standing up front taking customers payments. Not one time did the manager go to any of the tables and try to fix the situation. He just let his staff take all of the blows. What a chicken shit manager! Nice job Ramon. Lol....This Denny's has definitely lost our business...so hello IHOP!
5	This restaurant was nice and quiet, not loud like a typical Denny's.  Emily was our server and she was great--friendly, accommodating and on top of her game.  My husband ordered the Bourbon Burger, and it was really gross.  It was overly sweet and the sauce just didn't mesh well with the burger.  Emily didn't bat an eyelash when we asked if he could switch it out for something else.  We have never, ever asked to switch a dish out at a restaurant, ever, but it was just inedible.  Anyway, she quickly brought out his mushroom swiss burger and it was much different--super awesome!  Oh, and we went on a Tuesday, so our kids at free.  That was a huge plus!  All in all we had an excellent experience.
