5	When one thinks of the Wild West, the state of Arizona is usually close to the top of the list. Playing an important part in the development of the Southwest, Arizona has some wonderful places with historical significance for all you history buffs.The Vulture Gold Mine is one of these places. Just outside the town of Wickenburg, the Vulture Gold Mine was discovered in 1863 by Henry Wickenburg. Although Henry sold the mine after a few years, the mine went on to become the most productive gold strike in the history of Arizona and sparked the development of Arizona and the city of Phoenix.The fee to participate in the tour is $10, but it is a small price to pay for the sheer volume of information and artifacts that are on the property site. The tours are self paced and on-your-own. When you visit the tour center, you receive a comprehensive overview of the mine and it's history from the current caretaker, as well as a map that identifies the points of interest.Most of the buildings, while in various states of disrepair, are still standing. Many contain original furnishings, machinery and reminders of everyday life such as cooking utensils, cans and bottles for coffee and such. One such building with a large variety of these items is the Assay Office, where the gold was stored prior to shipment. There are some areas of the mine that are not open to the public, but since my grandfather worked at the mine, the caretaker gave us full reign to wander all over the property. The schoolhouse where my Uncle John attended school is still standing and contains a piano that we are certain he played as a child. The swings, slide and teeter-totter are still there and my mom could recall memories about those days despite the fact that she was just a toddler when they lived at the mine.If you ever have the opportunity to visit the Vulture Mine, take it. I am an Arizona native with family ties to the mine and I still learned a ton of information about what an important part the mine played in Arizona's history.PS - While you are there, don't forget to scratch Olive the burro's ears!
5	This was so much fun. We drove out the other day just kind of for the hell of it and were really surprised.You get pretty much run of the place. You can go in any building, climb on stuff, and explore. It can't be safe.... you'd have to go there to understand, but there are open holes in the ground, nails, and falling wood. We also observed lots of snake skins. I had my snake shot loaded in my pistol so whatever but one might be concerned with little kids. All of hte old artifacts are great, and everything looks well preserved. Going on the second story of a falling down house was really interesting to me!
5	Looking for a day trip from Phoenix metro area, this is it. You can spend a good 3 hours exploring this abandoned mining town.$10 gets you a "guide" that basically just delineates the trail to follow so you can see all of the buildings that are still standing.You want history AZ, this is it!
5	Visited the Vulture Mine ghost town this past weekend and unfortunately saw a ton of damage to most structures and theft in some areas. This locations has it all, except for a working mine. Price has been raised to $10 per person since my last visit but still worth the trip. See photos and history at http://bit.ly/e6JY4U
5	We were on our way to Las Vegas and read about the The Vulture Mine in Wickenburg, AZ.  We decided to stop by and take a tour of the town.  You better have your batteries charged and enough memory on your camera.  I literally took over 300+ pictures here!  Definately a ghost town with awesome photo ops- buildings, old cars, vintage furniture, etc.  The pricing is very cheap and well worth the visit!
5	I went on this tour in November, 2012, and things have changed since some of the earlier reviews. You meet a guide at the mine on Saturday mornings at either 8-8:30 am (summer hours) or 10-10:30 am (winter hours, which were in place in November). For some reason, the website (http://www.jpc-training.com/pg06.htm) lists just summer hours...Our guide was a young engineer named Tracy who also works at the site. She was extremely knowledgeable about mining practices as well as about the history of the place. You view the old buildings and learn about how gold was extracted and what life was like during the heyday of the mine. Really interesting.The tour is outside in the direct sun. Bring a hat or umbrella, sunscreen, and water. There is a small gift shop, but the experience is the main draw here. Highly recommended.
