5	I just got done ordering some new eyeglasses from Ilori.  The staff are extremely pleasant in a Euro sophisticated way.  They have an extremely large selection or rimless mens frames which are nothing short of wonderful to wear for those of us that wear eyeglasses.  They explained in detail the mounting difference between my previous Bvlgari pair and what I ordered which was a Danish brand.  This shop is also paired with Optical Shop of Aspen.  They take FSA spending account cards which is extremely convenient.  One swipe of my FSA visa card and the order was placed.  At the end they even have a celebration, a dark chocolate truffle and a bottled water.  Sounds a little Ab Fab, but it was a nice touch.  I should have my new glasses within seven days, I'm excited for a new look.  FYI-no exams are done here.  Also try on the Tag Heur line.  All brands are high end.  I tried a Tag pair of aligator sunglasses that were a knockout, until I saw the price, chuckled and placed them back where I found them.
4	Scoped out a pair or Chanel glasses i fell in lust with and came back to order them. The selection at this store is pretty good and up to date. Decided to come back and order my glasses. Thy girl working there is very nice and helpful. The only reason I am not giving 4 stars is because when she called for my prescription to be faxed over LensCrafters was not able to send the fax due to whatever reason ... I had to walk upstairs to grab my prescription. Other than that, I'm pretty excited for my glasses to be ready
5	This is a great place to purchase the latest sunglasses brands. The store is neatly laid out by brand, making it easy to find a specific designer. The sunglasses are displayed openly, so that you can try any on without having to ask. The staff here is helpful, but not too overbearing or pushy, which I've experienced in department stores. The salesperson asked me what I was looking for, and then brought out a few options that he thought would work. I ended up going with my own choice, after hemming and hawing over the large amount of options. I felt I could take my time in making my decision, as the staff was very accommodating. My husband has also purchased sunglasses here before, and we received the same great service, even though he was a little bit more decisive. An added bonus is that they often offer promotions such as $50 off, or "buy one get one" deals. So I felt I got a good deal considering the other department stores were $50 more, along with their staff being pushier.
