5	I love Sweet Frog!!!They always have new flavors and a huge variety of toppings...my favorite is the strawberry syrup! Its delicious! Fruit, candy, chocolate, cake, brownies you name it they have it! What's very cool is that the machines are set up so that you can either have one flavor or a mix of both! You make everything yourself, pick your yummy flavor, pile on the toppings and weigh it at the end! Love, Love, Love it!
5	LOVE this place! Pick your flavor and add on as many toppings you can fill in your cup- price is based on weight! Better than any ice cream you"ll ever eat. Staff are so friendly and the place is super clean.
5	Sweet God! This self-serve yogurt shoppe has got to be my all-time favorite one EVER. This means a lot, because I'm a whatchmacallthat---a connoisseur of fine yogurt (lol). Seriously, I cant get enough of the wannabe, delicious, low or non fat cold goodness. Albeit I fall only and only for the tart versions, I've sampled the sweet ones enough to speak on their behalf as well. Omigod, lets start with the 'Original Tart'. Why?? Why must it be so cravably good? Its the perfect marriage of tart and sweet and they come together to form the most delicious flavor ever. Dont confuse this original with the originals from other yogurt shoppes, their is no comparison, like I said, I must've tried 90% of yogurt shoppes that open in Charlotte and surrounding cities, Sweet Frog is the ONLY one with the perfect package.  Now we proceed with the other awesome flavors: Vanilla Bean, Dulce DeLeche, Milky Way, Cappuccino, Pecan-Pie, Cinnamon Roll (!), Birthday Cake, Strawberry, Pomegranate, Mango, Red Velvet, Cookies n Cream and forgive me if Im forgetting any, but this is all I can remember. I always get the same trio, Original, Mango and Pomegranate. I always walk in wanting to try something different, so I sample them, but nothing can beat my lovely trio. The toppings, like Candyce mentioned above are limitless and very fresh. I think only the peaches are canned, but the rest are fresh. I dont like to weigh down my yogurt with toppings that get too cold and hard anyway, but those who do will definitely enjoy the candies, nuts, cookies, mochi and boba. They also have the frequent buyer card that they clip on each visit, and on Mondays, they clip it twice so you reach you 12th clip faster. Fill one card and get the 13th purchase free!! I actually got to know the lovely owner Michelle. She is so warm and caring and makes sure the place is pristine and polished at all times. All though its a self-serve place, you'll NEVER find a mess near the dispensers. All employees are always so polite and helpful, it makes going there that much easier.  I must pop in atleast 3-4 times a week because I am unable to eat solid food until doctors place a 'food tube' in my belly (long story......) so frozen yogurt, boost and ensure is what Ive been subsisting on.  It a few cents cheaper than other places, which is a great perk, since I walk out with enough for me to eat over the course of atleast 2 days. Im due to get my next batch tomorrow :DSo I urge you to visit Sweet Frog because you will then understand why my freakin review is so darn long! The Whitehall location is my personal fav, the ambience, the kindness and the deliciousness won me over :)If you happen to meet Michelle (the owner) tell her 'the young lady with the walking stick' sent you, lol! (thats another long story involving 7 surgeries)
4	Frozen yogurt! Part of the new trend where you pick up a bowl, serve yourself, top it yourself and then weigh it to determine how much it costs. Eight or so different flavors of yogurt available as well as a decently long selection of toppings, including fresh fruit, cereals, candies, nuts and then, just when you think you're finished, pumps of hot and cold syrups to go on top. Whatever health value there is in froyo can easily be cancelled out with the toppings, so be careful.And as for the kids, there seems to be an impression that if there's a big bowl, they have to FILL it with stuff. Don't do that.It's located in the row of shops opposite Wal-Mart and Lowe's.
4	Another self-serve yogurt shop that seems to be popping up everywhere.  The best thing I like about this place is the rate! At $0.45/oz. I think this is the best value with great flavors and unlimited combinations to be had.  We got a bit of the Dulce de Leche (my wife's favorite), cheesecake, and chocolate.  Just the right amount for two for under $4.  They even give you some free small samples to try out before you ultimately decide.  I tried the Cake Batter, which I liked a lot as it wasn't as sweet as I've had in other places.  They have other fruitier flavors like coconut, raspberry, mango, et al.  Finally, the toppings are abundant which include some different ones like mochi and dark choc shavings, and they all appears to be of good quality as our favorite was the brownie.  I could've gotten an entire cup of the brownie alone and pay by the ounce but that wouldn't be right... would it?
5	Great frozen yogurt and we love it. I went with my family and everyone likes it.Many flavours and changable but I love chocolate, treenuts and country vanila. I used to pick these all time and every time i go in.... Staffs are super friendly and you need to ask for small cups for taste if you needed. They are little pricey but its worth it.... I go most of the time whenever I go to walmart....It tasts same or even better than icecream...
5	Just left!!!  When I walked in I was a little confused but a nice lady came over to us and gave us sample cups and walked us thru the shop. She was very nice and helpful. She greeted all the customers who walked in after us. The yogurt  lots of different varieties.  lots of toppings. I will be back.
4	The yogurt flavors were true to the description and the toppings were meat and clean. I appreciate the dairy free options too!
5	Awesome yogurt here and I also like the frog part stands for which is Fully Rely On God I also I like the music as well.
5	Now I'm not a frozen yogurt fan generally speaking, but happened one day to come here with some friends.  It is so clean and happy and inviting, and seriously, the logo is so damned cute.  They have dairy-free, and sugar-free options, and tons of toppings.  Also, the people who work there are always friendly and helpful.  If you get the rewards card and sign up for emails, they have frequent specials to help you fund your new addiction.
3	In all honesty, I was just searching for a place to kill time and had a bathroom while waiting for a delayed flight to come into the airport.  My original intention was to walk around Wal-mart, but I decided against it and the picture of a googly-eyed frog lured me into this fro-yo place.Typical set up.  This location was super clean and it appeared that there was only one employee working... yet the whole place was full.  I guess that is the beauty of "self-serve" yogurt.  Just need someone to take the money.Ample parking in the lot...there is outdoor seating, but limited.  Watch out for those crazy drivers in the parking lot (combination of people in a rush (from wal-mart) and poor design makes for some interesting driving).
