5	We found this place because my doctors office wouldn't do an ultrasound before 20wks. What an amazing experience! The office is very clean and inviting. The staff is very friendly. Our little one wasn't cooperating. Just didn't want to show his face. The ultrasound tech took extra time to make sure she got some great pictures for us! We will definitely be going back for the 30wk hd ultrasound!
5	Just went today and it looks like my due date is off. Even though i was only around 7 weeks they still not only found the heartbeat (and I got to HEAR it), but I got some good  shots of my baby. The rooms are SO nice ad it went very well. The whole thing was amazing. For only $25 for the mini miracle It is SO worth it. I'm TOTALLY going again in a month and taking my husband AND already made my gender appointmentYay~
1	This place was horrible!!! Would not and do not recommend it to friends or anyone on the internet. I came here for pictures with 12 of my close friends and family. They RUINED my memory. First they spelled my name wrong, the tech was told of the mistake, she said, oh i will fix it, then I was told they could not change it after the scan was complete. The rude receptionist then let me know it was my fault. Then it took the owner approximately 2 wks to get in touch with me. All while they withheld my video and pictures from me.PS I did go in July, I thought I had posted a review then. I sure hope yelp doesn't routinely take down reviews. Last time when I posted there were many more than 5 reviews.
5	This is my 1st pregnancy and the first grandchild for my husbands family. My husband and I live out of town but were visiting his parents for the holidays in Vegas.  They've been feeling pretty "left out" throughout our whole pregnancy so i thought it would be a good idea to invite them to a 3D/4D Ultrasound here at Miracle In Progress. I found this place through YELP and decided to give it a shot. Plus there was a $20 for $40 voucher available through Yelp for this place so i figure that since im saving some money on my visit, i cant go wrong. This place is AWESOME! The waiting room in the front was very spacious and clean. Lots of maternity books and a cute little play area for the little ones in your group. Kristy was the receptionist at the front desk and she was such a sweetheart. As soon as i walked in she stood up and greeted me with a smile and said "You must be Evelyn". I was already nervous because this was my first 3D ultrasound but her warm welcome made me feel very comfortable. She confirmed that the package i wanted was package 1 -$75 and i smiled and said yes. When i handed her my voucher she asked if i wanted to upgrade my package to HD for only $5 more (a regular upgrade to HD would be $45 which includes an extra DVD and CD of the visit and since i had the $40 voucher, it would've only been a $5 upgrade). i agreed.We were escorted into a large, spacious, private viewing room with 4 large sofas and a nice little spot for my husband to sit next to me. My Mother-In-Law sat right up front in a wheelchair accessible spot which was great because some other locations i looked up were not wheelchair accessible. Grace was our technician who did the ultrasound and she was FANTASTIC! she had a cute New Yorker accent which pleased my in-laws cause they too are from NYC. I knew that i needed to "wake up" my baby so i made sure to eat some m&ms and drink a glass of orange juice prior to my appointment so that she would move around and be visible. This thankfully was not an issue for us. Throughout the entire experience our baby was pretty cooperative and showed us her cute little lips, smiled, yawned, opened her eyes and seemed playful the entire time. There was a moment when the baby blocked her face and Grace asked if it was ok to tap my belly so she can move it out and it worked. Grace did everything she could to get the best photos of our daughter and we couldn't be happier with our experience. Prior to coming here, i did a lot of research and was very nervous that i would have a horrible experience like other women who have posted about their unfortunate ultrasound experiences. I'm glad i made the right decision though because Miracle In Progress was the PERFECT choice for me. I would highly recommend visiting this location on Marks Street to anyone who is interested in seeing their child in 3D/4D/HD because the service was AMAZING and the overall experience was something i will cherish for the rest of my life. Thank you Grace and Kristy for a memorable experience. :)Our appointment date/time: 12-28-13 9:30amPurchase Breakdown:     Package 1: $75 (15-20 min session, DVD, CD, 4 color & 5 B&W photos, Gender reveal)     Upgrade to HD: $45 (HD package plus 1 extra DVD and CD of session)     Turtle Heartbeat Animal: $35 (an add-on from their expert selling skills)     Total: $155 less the $40 voucher i purchased through Yelp     Our grand total was $115 which i would gladly spend again.
4	Found this place on Groupon. The price is amazing for everything you get. I called this morning and was able to get same day appointment. I love the txtn feature. The place is hard to find in the plaza so i loved the detailed directions they txtd me. The receptionist was really nice & friendly. The wait was only a few minutes & the place was clean. The ultrasound room has a comfy bed area for mommy to be and a big sectional couch for family. There is a huge screen to see everything. Maria the owner was very sweet & informative. Unfortunately, I wasnt as far along as my Dr. said so we were unable to do 3D, but maria scheduled a follow up visit at a discount bc of this. I really liked that she wanted to make sure I came back to check gender & felt comfortable with the price. The groupon is the best deal you get pictures, vitamins, formula, and little coupons. Its a 4 star bc i didnt get to use 3D, but will be updating in 2 once I try it out.
5	This place was great! Got a groupon for it so we didn't know what to expect. The ultra sound room is huge and has couches so you could bring the whole family! It was like a movie theater viewing for your little baby!
2	If you want better experience, switch with "BABY'S FIRST IMAGE." They are cheaper ($35 for a 10-15 minute session with goodie bags & amazing staff) if you buy it from groupon. Take it from me. I went to MIP for my 16th week U/S & the tech was a little boring & was not accommodating as well as the receptionist. I went to Baby's first image and Maria (tech) knew all the right techniques so you will be able to see the baby clearly unlike MIP, they don't try at all.
5	We had a great experience here! We surprised my parents with an ultrasound of there first grand baby and they enjoyed the experience as well. I was happy that the tech was conscious of the fact that we wanted to keep the gender a secret! We would definitely return and recommend it to friends.
5	This is my husband and my first baby, and since my sister-in-law had a 3D ultrasound done when she had my nephew I knew I wanted one as well.  My doctor's office doesn't offer 3D/4D ultrasounds, so I went in search of where I could get one done.  I found Miracle in Progress and loved the HD 4D images they have on the website.  They say no other place in Las Vegas does this kind of ultrasound, and I couldn't find any place that does.  I waited until I hit 28 weeks and booked an appointment on their website for Package 1.  I was happy to see they had a 7 PM appointment on a Friday, which really is the only time of day that works with my husband's work schedule.  The online booking process was very simple, and I added a note that I would be upgrading to the 4D HD package, which would have brought the total to $120.  I purchased a $20 for $40 deal on Yelp to use toward it, so it ended up at $100 total.  As soon as I booked online I received an e-mail that asked my due date and told me to drink lots of water the 48 hours leading up to the appointment.  The e-mail also had all the forms attached, so I could complete them in advance.  They called the day before to remind me of my appointment as well.After drinking what felt like tons of water over two days, we ate dinner and went to the studio.  The parking lot is a little confusing to get into, you have to come from behind the building.  The inside looked exactly as pictured, very clean and pretty with lots of seating.  The receptionist had us pick our music, confirm the package we wanted, and we paid before sitting down.  Also to note, they have two bathrooms, which is a great idea when you have multiple pregnant women in one office!  The wait was very short and we were taken into the room right on time.  The room is huge and could have seated a large croud, though our families live a few hundred miles away so we took advantage of the free wifi and had them Skype through our phones.The tech started off by checking his heartbeat and confirming the baby is a boy.  She asked if we wanted to see his boyhood in 3D, which of course my husband wanted to.  Makes the daddies proud I guess!The little guy first had his hands and feet in front of his face, so she asked if she could poke at my belly to get him to move.  He moved a little after that, so she had me lay on my side to get a better view of him.  It was absolutely amazing to see him up on the giant screen!!  She took tons of still images (about 90) because he showed up so clearly, and the entire session was recorded.  Don't worry, the only sound is the music you pick, so it won't record everyone yelling "AWWW" at every shot.With our package we got two DVDs and two CDs, the DVDs have the video and the CDs have the images.  We got some fantastic images and video, him sucking his thumb, opening an eye, yawning, and lots more.  They also gave us (after showing interest) an Enfamil gift that had newborn formula, a freeze pack, and a carrying case.  Although we don't plan on using formula, I don't pass up free stuff!  By the way, the tech specifically said that I had great fluid levels and that led to the great pictures.  So be sure to do as told and drink a LOT of water during the 48 hours before the ultrasound.The receptionist and ultrasound tech were both very friendly, and we had a great experience.  I would definitely return here and highly recommend Miracle in Progress!
5	We had an exceptional experience with our closest family and friends at the Sahara location this past week. I had a 3D/4D ultrasound done for my 29 week old sweetheart. We had a 15 minute session that was mind-blowing for everyone that attended. Beyond the astounding technology, Britney made the experience unforgettable. She was really sweet and made sure to point out what we were seeing on the big screen. Everybody loved her. The studio room is set up with 4 large leather sofas in a stadium seating style. There was plenty of room to accommodate my 9 guests. I recommend Miracle in Progress for an elective ultrasound studio, but highly recommend Britney to administer the ultrasound!
5	My friend got another friend a groupon and we had a really good experience here. The receptionist was nice, the place is really cute and clean, and the ultrasound room was huge and cozy. I would definitely recommend this place if you want to have one of those ultrasounds as a keep sake. These things can be super expensive so the groupon was awesome.
5	Had our gender ultrasound today and was very pleased. The place is beautiful. Lots of places to sit, play area for your kids. The receptionist and tech were very nice. The tech took her time, got lots of great shots and actually seemed into her job. Found out gender at 14 weeks! We will be back later on for chubby baby 3D pics of our baby BOY! LOL
5	This is a great place to go to sneak a peak of your baby when your pregnant! ! Highly recommended if you just can't wait to see your little ones face. They have good customer service and strive to get you the best images possible! If you are considering paying for a 3d 4d ultrasound I would choose this place you will be happy with what you receive!!! Thank you again for making it possible it really truly is a mirical in progress! !!!
5	We loved it!!! We're going back when our baby is much more developed, for some more 3d/4d pictures!! (:
5	Our little boy was definitely not cooperating. Did not want to move his hands or feet. But huge thanks to Edith for capturing one amazing shot!
5	My best Friend, Amanda had just returned from her second doctors appointment and she was scared because they couldn't hear the heartbeat..... She is 12 weeks along.  The doctor told her that this was actually normal and everything was probably okay but this being her second pregnancy (and she is just an amazing mother anyway..... ) - she was naturally still concerned and called me to see if I could start calling around to find an ultrasound office that could schedule her an appointment THAT DAY.  Miracle in Progress 3D/Ultrasound Studio was amazing.  Not only did they schedule her an appointment for later that afternoon (at the Grand Canyon Drive location) they exceeded all of her and MY expectations (as Mandy's best friend of 15 years and the god-mother to her first child, Jasmine - age 2).  Only $25.00 for a basic ultrasound.  They were sooo kind to her.  They understood 110% just how stressful it was for Mandy to not be able to hear her unborn child's heart beating.  The nurse was amazing, you could see the ultrasound/baby so much MORE clearly thank normal - on the HUGE (movie-like) screen!!  There is a big comfortable bed with the coziest sheets for the Mother-to-Be.  There is plenty of sitting room (4 rows of couches in the room we were in)!  The room was huge, btw.  Lots of room for the next time we visit so we can bring Jasmine.  Mandy fell in love with this ultrasound studio and already scheduled her next appointment.  Because at 14 weeks they can tell the sex of the baby!  Yep, at 14 weeks!Review (cont.) - Regarding the Marks location.... OUR FAVE!!  They were extremely helpful and so sweet!  Jessica (the receptionist) was super welcoming and made sure to treat us with kindness even though she was extremely busy up at the front.  She even "squeezed" my OTHER pregnant best friend in for an ultrasound that day!  Kristi was our ultrasound nurse and was practically our new gal-pal by the end of the 2 sessions.  We just ADORED her.... my friend's had a lot of questions for her (one being a first-time mommy) - and Kristi was so genuinely attentive and knowledgeable!  We are going back specifically to see her from now on.... and YES!  THIS is the "infamous" ultrasound nurse that has the 100% SUCCESS RATE with "gender prediction!!  WE FOUND HER!!  :-))
4	Loved my experience the receptionist was very friendly. ..so was the lady that did our ultrasound would def recommend.
