5	MMMM... pizza. If you have been to any of the other valley Barro's, this one is very similar as far as menu and specials. The restaurant itself is a little more pictureque that others, with plenty of booths and tables.. Best deal is the lunch special.. i mean 2 slices and a drink for  $4 ............ NICE!
2	Don't get me wrong with the two stars.  I still love Barro's...but this location left something for my tummy to desire...like actual pizza.  After walking down the long miles of Fry's Electronics, it was lunch time and I needed sustenance.What better place to get it than Barro's with their slice lunch special?  Unfortunately the only slices they had - at prime lunch hour - was pepperoni and a dried sad lone slice of veggie.  At prime lunch hour.  I was one of four patrons at that point and everyone wanted sausage.If I wanted my yummy Barro's sausage pizza, I would've had to wait 15, maybe even 25 minutes.   At prime lunch hour.Unnnnggghhh...tummy hurting.No thanks sucky Barro Thunderbird location.  Boo to you.  :(Maybe....and I mean MAYBE if I'm in the area I may try this one place again, but for now you did no service to my poor stomach.
3	The interactions of office workers are a model for society at large; well-meaning, well-mannered individuals combine to form mindless, tactless mobs. This goes double for the IT business, where college-educated scholars emerge from their offices to congregate in basement computer labs to reclaim their primal triviality. Passive aggressive intellectuals become territorial Luddites; arguments erupt over whose iPod is played over the speakers, whether to lift tables or drag them across the carpet, and whether or not making fun of my toe nail polish counted as gender discrimination.When it came time for lunch, a caucus of Neanderthal-like rumbling came from our throats. Moments ago, we had all been connoisseurs of fine cuisine. But suddenly we clamored for culture-less layman food. Burgers. Subs. No. Pizza. PIZZA! PIZZA! WE WANT PIZZA! ORDER THE PIZZA GODDAMIT!"Well, what pizza should we get?"Pizza by Napoli. No, I don't like their crusts. Well, how about Pullano's? No. Too greasy. My sensitive tummy can't handle it. "How about Barro's?"What is this 'Barro's"? Is it deep dish? Is it New York Style? "I really like it."Well fine. But what should we put on it? Sausage. No. Extra cheese, I'm a vegetarian. No. Pineapple. Nobody likes pineapple, shut up. Pepperoni. Yes. Pepperoni. PEPPERONI!A half hour later...I like this Barro's, don't you? Yes. It's deep dish, but it's crispy. The crust is just the right amount of thickness. The toppings are generous, and there is plenty of cheese. Just good and bland enough to reach the status quo. We all approve. Hooray Barro's! This was a good lunch! Good job, whoever suggested this?As soon as lunch was over, someone was hit in the face with a chair. Your tax dollars at work.
3	Been going to Barro's since they began.  It's my favorite pizza.High school buddies and I would go at lunch, and I became a fan way back then.I like the thick, doughy crust, the sauce that a few folks I know say is too sweet, the generous portions of meat and veggie toppings,...[SCREEEEECH] "Honey, stop the review!  Go back.  We didn't get that."Lunch today was a little dissapointing, since I ordered premade slices, and the one which was supposed to have sausage on it only had two little nickel-sized spheres of meat on the whole slice.When I showed it to the counter girl and she looked at me like, "...and?"  I got more specific and asked if I could have another slice.  She said, "Well, I'll have to throw that one away if I give you another piece."I looked at her like, "...and?" and said, "As long as it's got more sausage, I don't care, so, yes, I want the other slice."She looks at the last sausage slice and rolls her eyes back over my way, informing me that this last piece only has 3 pieces of meat on it, so I tell her to forget it.  I used to be a lot more offended by uber-be-otch behavior from post-teen spilt-tails, but I have paid some dues as a married man, and I have built up a tolerance, I guess.  I'll be back to this Barro's to give them a chance at redemption, since my other standy by local pizza turned success story (Sardella's) is nothing but a big dissapointment lately, too.
4	I'm very surprised by the prior low star reviews of Barro's.Barro's makes some damn good deep dish pizza. With lots of cheese, tasty sauce and a satisfying crust.Awesome lunch specials keep the place filled mid-day. You can get a slice & a drink, a slice, a drink & a salad, 2 slices & a drink or other combos, all for around $4.Pretty tough to beat, especially since their pizza is super tasty. Another pro includes some good house-made dressings (including ranch).
4	I'm surprised by the prior low star reviews also. In terms of chain delivery pizza  places this cant be beat in Phoenix. I rate this pizza above Pizza Hut/Dominoes/Little CaesarsEqual to Streets of New York, NYPD Pizza,  and maybe Pappa JohnsBelow Spiano's (if you have them near you)
4	Barrows is so good. I feel its the best chain pizza joint in town. Lunch specials kick ass. Two huge slices and a drink $4 out the door. Great salad and sandwiches for $5 as well. The pizza sauce is so good. I did work here when I was a teenager so I know they make the dough and the sauce in house everyday. I hope Barros takes over all those other horrible pizza places ( dominos, papa johns, pizza hut). I still have know idea how those places are open. I dont know anyone who eat that crap. They have crap pizza and high prices, but not Barros. This place rocks. If you like cheese then get the extra large, it has over a pound of cheese, im more of a sauce person. Oh yeah they have wings to. UM UM
5	Default Barros for delivery and for lunch. Great pizza, decent staff (hit or miss) and good prices. The wings were not so great but I have not had good luck with wings recently anyway.
5	Pizza was a little light on the sauce and cheese this time....not sure whats up with that. I will be watching the next few times I order.
3	Anyone that knows me, knows I have a sad love affair with Barro's Pizza....However, there was just something not quite the same here.  The people were very nice. The place was ok, a little odd (even for Barro's standards).  But there was something that just wasn't quite Barro's-ey enough for me.  The crust wasn't totally what I was used to, the cheese a little bit different, and it was all just a bit haphazard.  I'll probably be back because it is on the way to-and-fro. But something just wasn't on par.  Maybe it was just an off day......
5	Awesome lunch deals! 10:30-4 pm Good people serving good pizza!
4	I love their thin crust pizza.  I order the same damn thing everytime.  The food is good but it's not consistant.  I ask for thin crust, med pep pizza cut in square.  Everytime the crust is a different consistancy.  I don't know what to tell them to keep it the same. The pizza is still good, I just wish it would be a bit more consistant.
5	Good place for a cheap lunch that hits the spot, you can buy by the slice, or get 2 slices and a drink, a slice/salad/drink and so on.  They have a daily specialty pizza that you can get as well for a few cents extra.  I always seem to forget which slice goes with each day, but the buffalo chicken pizza rocks!
4	Many people don't know it, but even though Barro's is a chain you'll see in various locations, it's a LOCAL chain, family owned and operated.They established here in Phoenix circa 1984 (i think it was) and have grown and expanded all over AZ quite successfully ever since.The best pizza in town, even if service is a little inconsistent.
5	So much cheesieness!!Always hot and fresh whether you pick it up or you have it delivered. I live pretty close so I usually pick it up. They have a very clean location and a fresh looking salad area. The staff is always right in front to greet you with a big smile.You can see the kitchen and the cooks, which I always appreciate.Although there is no bar service you can grab a glass of wine or a beer. They do have a very large dining area so bring the whole gang! Two large flat screen TV's hung high! See you there!Great great pizza! (also look online for coupons)
5	Barro's pizza is absolutely the best delivery pizza you can get in phoenix in my opinion. They are alway nice to talk to and accurate as ever. we always order extra ranch and hot wing sauce and they have never forgotten anything. This is my go to place for pizza.
5	WOWZERS! this is the best pizza ive had in Phoenix. Or maybe even the USA (including NYC) - a very unique blend of cheese that packs a really good flavor, just the right amount of sauce on a perfectly seasoned crust! ive had the original and thin crust, cant decide which is better...usually thin crust wins on the ground of the whole 'less carbs' thing.lets also talk about the breadsticks. oh, those breadsticks. you really get a HUGE order of breadsticks, and they sure are delicious. its almost like ordering a whole pie, minus the sauce and cheese. again, perfectly seasoned and baked.the price cant be matched - two people (one who REALLY loves pizza) can be completely full by only spending $10. hard to find that kind of value these days. its also near an awesome record store. pizza + good music = life doesnt get better
3	Ordered the wings...boneless honey BBQ. My friend ordered the Italian sub, heated. We shared the food and it was very yummy. However, the wings came out way before the sub. The sub came out almost towards the end of us finishing off the wings. All in all, it was good food.
5	I have been meaning to post a review about this place, I have tried this place a few times. I only get to try it when I go to Arizona, from Cali to visit my friend attending ASU. Really enjoy the pizza here, great taste, sauce, cheese, toppings in general! I am really sad now that my friend has moved back to Cali, for work! Don't know when I will go back to Arizona.
3	I have always loved borrows pizza, it's the best!  However, this place needs to address the sewage odor inside.  I came here the other day and it grossed me out.  I know that it is an older location and can remember going here when I was in High School for lunch.  Please, please, please address the odor!
2	Not sure why such high reviews.  Other than the friendly girl at the front counter this was pretty mediocre.  There was a kind-of dirty-plus-cleaning products odor to the place, there was a bussing tray sitting right next to the ordering counter the whole time.  The seats still had crumbs on them and the table some grease spots.  There's no ambiance and are no amenities - pizza delivered on a plastic tray, cheap plastic dishes for eating it, paper or styrofoam cups for the serve-yourself drinks.  This isn't an imaginative Italian restaurant with good food, table service,and nice tables and chairs.  It's a cheap pizza place with vinyl booths, windows with hand prints, and get-it-yourself silverware.The food - well, it was fine for the price, but there are tons of places that serve decent pizza these days.  Granted this was better pizza than, say, Domino's, but that doesn't say too much.  There was a decent amount of cheese, but it's not like the quality of ingredients particularly stood out.  Pale tasteless tomato chunks, for example.I didn't see that this Barro's, at least, had much to recommend it.
4	Had for my first visit to Barro's at least at this location - maybe any (?). Had  the "white pizza", and it was very  good.  Good crust - not burnt, good texture.  Mozzarella, and parmesan, and lovely lumps of ricotta on every slice, basted with Olive oil, had a light garlic flavor and thin slices of tomato imparting just a nice hint of tomato flavor to the marinara-less white pizza. Not overly salty either.  Only crossed the $10 barrier by virtue of adding a side of garlic bread. Was well-filled and had 1/2 generous sized "small" pizza to take home.  Hit them after 9pm on Friday night. You could tell the place had been jammed and though had quietened down, a steady stream of customers continued through the doors for both dine in and take out.  Very informal - polished concrete floors.  Noted none of the foul smells others noted below.  Basically slightly spartan with the polished concrete floors and came across as clean, but  as the rush appeared to have been over for a while, I'm not sure there is excuse for the crumpled paper napkins left on the floor here and there throughout the dining area.   It's basic, a walk-up ordering counter, slightly low padded booths, bare tables, but staff was friendly, food served reasonably promptly, and it was really good.  Is there better pizza in the valley? Sure, but this was very good, quick, convenient, and $10 for a meal fit for two - if you want ambiance you can go pay for that elsewhere. Barro's is a just a good, maybe in its context, even "great" neighborhood pizza parlor (with pasta & subs too).  Granted I'm waxing effusive for a 1-meal based review, but it was more than satisfying and I'll go back for more,
1	Have fun and Enjoy your possible hospital visit!!!!!Barro's Pizza Boneless chicken wings put me in a bed for 37 days and I lost 46 lbs because there careless attitude and not fully cooking chicken properly. When I could stand up My wife and I went back and just wanted an Apology nothing more the Freaking Mgr at 25th and Thunderbird laughed about it and said that was what happens when you eat out you take chances :Screw Barro's Pizza" I have pissed on there name for 4 yrs now. I will never say 1 positive word or ever walk into that dump ever again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Just wanted to let you know who and what jerks hands your putting your health into
5	Close to work, usually a solid family Diner Location. People have a Variation of Personality Disorder. And tonights Fresh Sewer Smell was a Little Over the top! And the girl with the pink hair and double lip Piercing was as Clueless as they come. ..... This has been a hell day.....And I am OUT!
3	If your a fan of an ok thick crust slice Barro's may be the pizzeria your looking for but this place's pizza was middling at best in my opinion. Its a step above Costco Pizza but not on the level of places like Venezia's. Like Joan said better then Domino's but not by much~
4	First if all Charlie Vagina is an idiot!! Second this place is much Better than Dominos, Pizza Hut, and little Caesars combined. Barros serves some of the best pizza all around the valley at decent prices.
5	Love Barro's from the pizza to wings it's all good!! Service can be a little slow when u dine in but i just assume it's because they have a lot of orders to fill. They deliver to so it's a win, win.
4	I love there pizza and wings . I just think they need a lil renovation and fix the smell that might be coming from the restroom .
5	I feel like Barro's is so good it barely even needs a review so I'll keep it brief. I put in an order for pickup, showed up a little early but it was ready to go so I didn't have to wait.  The girl at the counter was friendly and of course the pizza itself (a mini White pizza, perfect for 1 person!) was delicious.  I'm obviously going to be coming back.
5	The best pizza ever!  This has been the place to go since high school (long time ago) and still my favorite! I love there lunch specials, great value. I love that they are expanding there locations. The service is great.
2	This location needs help. The pizza is good but you will wait a long time for your food. The interior of the restaurant is very dark, drab, and depressing. As I look around, I see trash under tables, burnt out Budweiser signs, and a nasty looking ceiling. In the middle of lunch service a man came through with a cart and was replacing the rugs through out the restaurant. I've never seen that before in any restaurant.
5	We order from their new location on Thompson Peak. The pizza is always fresh and made perfect. Just ordered the wings for the first time and they are very good. Worth the trip---and they deliver if you are within the area.
5	We use Barros on mostly monday nights! We love them! Their delivery time is FAST and the food is delicious and fresh. Even the customer service is is kind and polite. I like how they will also give you extra plates and napkins or when you have extra guests. I like their daily specials also! Keep up the great work!
3	We ordered takeout for a group meeting. The pizza was a little on the salty side . We ordered their thin  pizza which was tasty but I think I like their deep dish better. Had their wings which were spicy but  they were sour from the Tabasco sauce and the skin was soggy. We also ordered their penned pasta  with marinara sauce. The pasta was firm and had a fair amount of cheese
5	Now this pizza is yummy. Crust was just right moderately thin New York style pizza. I got 2 large pepperoni & sausage. Was only 17.99 for both and extra for the extra topping sausage. It was a busy Saturday night as they came in 30 minutes it was hot and fresh and yummy !! Just enough sauce & toppings ...I wish they had one in Los Angeles this would be my new pizza spot, since Pizza Hut is too damn greasy..
3	First time ordering from this location and iI for one will never go to this location again! The pizza was good but I almost got ran over by a delivery driver walking back to my car with my pizza...They took longer than the estimated time to get my order and the employees or should I say children that were working were rude. I couldn't believe when I asked to buy extra ranch(you only get one for every 12 wings) the girl proceeded to tell me that it's actually "ALOT " more than necessary cause she doesn't use that much...How much ranch I want to BUY is only her business cause she is selling the dressing.
4	Good pizza and great wings.
5	we have just moved here recently and this is the best pizza at great prices and their wings are absolutely delicious.  they are quick in delivery and also for carry out.  sooo good.  we have never been disappointed with the food.  being from illinois, we love the chicago style pizza.  i recommend it to everyone.
5	Service always great neighborhood kids... pizza always great... salad bar is clean ... they have diet dr.pepper most places don't carry this... the boot he's have been great for me since I was in Jr high and high school for after games and or events... the lunch specials have worked for me for years.... I love this place... I come visit Arizona for a visit and come here for my #4... forever #barrows
3	Great Pizza but Not  Second Amendment FriendlyIn this area and the free range crack heads I will laugh when they get held upBut  " No Guns" is OKThe fat balding manager is  jagoffGood pizza
3	If you're from Moon Valley, you grew up on Barro's! It's always consistent in pricing, and taste. The pizza is just cheap enough for a middle schooler/high schooler to afford without sacrificing taste. Their great for groups, too! The service is always friendly, and it's the most convenient place to fulfill all of your immediate pasta needs! Also, their cheesy bread is always a good go-to.
4	Pizza is mega rad. I'm a sucker for chewy, bubbly crust like theirs. And you can't beat the lunch specials at less than five bucks for pizza and a drink! Salad bar is a little sketch sometimes at this location. I've seen too many young ones duck the sneeze guard and get crazy with the toppings.
