1	Alright. Not a good place, plain and simple. The complex is dirty and nearly everything is broken. Only 2 gates work... kinda. The "Fitness Center" is actually just a closet with a broken elliptical machine and a broken weight machine. Of the 5 pools advertised, only 1 is ever open. The one behind the office. Which would be fine... except that everyone in the office watches you as you swim. There are homeless people all over the complex, begging, sleeping behind the dumpsters, and what ever else they want to do. My car was stolen, despite the "security" provided, and broken into 2 more times. There was a fatal shooting in December that management never spoke of. Last week they found another dead body and ruled it a homicide again. There are drug deals that happen, graffiti everywhere, and the kids of the complex run around as a gang. I've seen them kick dogs, knock down and elderly woman, and once even try to sexually accost a woman before people stopped them. Management couldn't care less about anything. They are constantly making errors in book keeping, charging you more for rent than you owe, or charging you less, then charging you double for their error. Cockroaches everywhere, broken appliances, playgrounds with trash and needles in them. If you move here....Good luck. Dont believe my review? Sign a 6 month lease and see how long it takes for you to want to run away. Wish I could give this a negative rating...
1	Is there a way to put a negative star. This place deserves it. It was the first apartment I moved in to post parents. Cheap and all I really needed. I stayed in my one bedroom for 3 or 4 months. I actually like the one bedroom best but it still wasn't great. It's in a bad neighborhood. I stayed in the inside near the playground so I always heard kid yelling and screaming. Eventually I got a 3 bedroom with my friends and moved right upstairs from where I was. Worst apartment I have EVER HAD! When we first moved in there there were multiple problems. The worst was the bugs. I hate bugs. They were everywhere and it was disgusting. I eventually had to walk down to the office and ask to speak with the manager personally. She then talk to me and it took weeks to find out what the problem was. Ugh! Worst part was leaving.. I got charged sooooo much for all kinds of crap. They didn't make me aware of my early leaving. Over $1800. I couldn't believe it, worse they didn't send it to me so it went to collection.
1	I have lived there for almost a year now. It has been the worst apartment experience EVER!!!!!!!! We had to move in because we had no choice! The first problem we had was we paid a cleaning deposit, i can tell you right now that no one cleaned my house! There was so much people hair and animals hair in that house! I always clean house before i move in and i started cleaning and i started finding roaches! Yes i understand that it is Las Vegas there are bugs you will see them here and there! But we started to get over run by bugs could not gt rid of them for the life of me! We put traps out we sprayed we had the bug guy come and they still were poping out of places! My fiance lifted the couch up and it was literally moving with bugs! I started crying i was so upset! I have a 3 year old and i can tell you that i will not let her live with bugs! I am a clean freak hate bugs hate feeling dirty! I told the office about it and we had to have the bug people come and spray for about 5 months to get rid most of the bugs! The bug guys started telling me that it was not us that we were clean people and that the whole building that i am in was getting over run with bugs from the people that lived above me! So i took it with a grain of salt and thought it was going to get taken care of! NOPE! We were still getting bugs! Comes to find out that these people have 3 dogs and 5 cats! They would never walk the dogs to go to the bathroom and when they did they would let them shit in front of our house and not picking it up, so i started leaving them there presents in little poop bags on there porch. And i can tell you that they did not like that! So i started talk to the office about how bad of neighbors they were. I personally do not like being a nark and telling the office i would rather confront you myself! I tried talking to them nicely and it did not work! Oh and i forgot to mention that in April of 2014 The nasty neighbor from upstairs has a daughter and a son both older like in there mid 20's, her daughter i guess was crazy! Well my daughter was sick this day so we were all up really early! My fiance had just taken our 71 pound pit bull out to go to the bathroom so he left the door unlocked! We were sitting there watching tv and then someone tried walking into our house!!!! My fiance slammed it shut and i go "who the hell was that?" He goes "it was the girl from up stairs and she was butt ass naked!" So i went up and was hoping that the mother would have answered the door but she did not it was the crazy chick! She claimed she did not know why she tried coming into my house i told her do not do it again or you will have the cops at your house! My fiance calls me later that day at work and tells me that he was watering so he had left the door unlocked because he was going back and forth well the chick broke into our house and tried stabbing him with a knife! He was able to push her out of the house and another neighbor came to help and they got the knife away from her! Well comes to find out that she stabbed her mom and two of there dogs! The office did not do anything about this they were not kicked out. I kept telling the office over and over that i could not take the bugs anymore i could not take the crazy people anymore the trash in my yard, and the drug selling going on i have a 3 year old and i am not going to do this anymore! They told me that they were evicting them because they did not have any of there animals on the lease and all the problems that they have had with them! They did not evict them all they did was move them to another place that is across the yard from me! I was like what ever they are away from me! It was finally quit and the bug problem was going down a lot! They have since then been cleaning that apartment for new people to move into. The carpets that came out of that house were so gross! If it was not covered in dog and cat urine it was covered in mold! I only was able to see because the lovely carpet guys put the carpets in front on my walk way.Ever since i have moved in there has been stabbings and shootings! All have been in the building that we are living in! We also have had problems we people stealing things that are in front of our house and messing with out truck! My lease is up September 9 2014 and i am not staying there i am already turning in my apps for a new place and plan on moving September 13 2014! The office and the manager do not do anything they do half ass fixes on everything! I highly advise you to not move into these places they are horrible and should be torn down and never built back up again! If you can please find some where else to live. I know how it is to not be able to afford to live these days but this place has to be shut down for bugs, drugies, shootings, and stabbings!!!!! Sorry it is so long i am just fed up with this place and i can not leave my lease because they want 2 grand to leave it and they are not getting it from me!
1	I lived at these apartments for a year they are the most disgusting roach and bed bug infested apartments I have ever lived at not to mention there is nothing but gang bangers and hoodlums outside all day and night in the year that I lived there cops where there  24/7 multiple shooting and stabbings there was a homicide and the management staff try to strong arm people into living there without complaining I dont recommended anyone to move here this is the worest 702 properties here they will do all they can to get you in and then your in hell I moved my four kids out of here asap wish I could give them negative five stars
1	This is a terrible apartment complex. The residents are extremely inconsiderate and blast their music day and night. The office does nothing when you file a complaint but they do ask you not to handle anything yourself for "safety reasons". I was told this complex was quiet, it's not, I was told the felons that live in this complex were getting evicted and they were cleaning out the complex to make it a safe place and they didn't. The gym is a joke, the pools always have trash left around it and no one bothers to clean it. There is dog poop all over the grounds and the gated complex isn't gated because all the back gates are broken. Don't waste your money here. The apartments are tiny and over priced and the area is horrible.
