5	I was driving up to Madison from Chicago for a recruiting event.  I left Chicago at 730pm and arrived at 1130pm.  There was so much traffic on 90 due to the Chicago Marathon (supposedly).  I was extremely sleepy as I had been out late the night before, so the only thing I could think about was being able to flop onto a nice, comfy bed.  The bed at this Hilton was definitely EXACTLY what I wanted.  It was just heavenly and so comfortable.  I just did NOT wanna get up the next morning!I'm definitely staying here the next time I'm in Madison!
3	With a great location in Madison, right on Lake Monona and attached to the Monona Terrace Convention Center, the Hilton is a newer addition to the hotels in this part of Madison, built about 6 years ago.The weird thing is, given that it is fairly new, I expected more of this hotel.  As one who travels quite a bit, I am picky about business hotels.  The pluses- the bed was great with an amazing comforter and the two restaurants, the Olive for more casual dining and the Grille which is more of a steakhouse had great food and nice friendly servers.  I also liked the fact that I could open the windows and let in fresh air.  The view is also incredible- at least on the lake side which is where my room was.  Absolutely gorgeous morning, noon or night!On the down side- The bathroom lighting in this hotel is terrible.  Two tiny fluorescent lights were all that were there and that made me wonder all day if my makeup was okay. Bathrooms need lights!  Also- the water obviously had so much water softener in it that you never felt as it you had gotten the soap off of you!Probably my biggest gripe, though, was with the air conditioning unit.  Most newer hotels have central cool/heat that is controlled with a thermostat and is quiet.  While this place had the thermostat- it still had the big noisy unit by the window roaring away all night.  It was either on or off and since I am a light sleeper- I chose off!  Good thing the weather cooperated and I could just open the windows.There was also a small stumble on the check in process.  While the overall process went smoothly, when I got to my room, my key had not been activated so it was back down to the lobby for me.  Apologies ensued but it was a little irritating.All in all- if business takes me back to Madison- I will probably stay here as the location is superb (walking distance to everything) and that bed is calling to me!!
3	This property is just average. The location is great, downtown just blocks from the Square but, that's the last really exceptional thing I have to offer. The rooms are almost silly large - mine was at the end of the hall on the 10th Floor with a view of the dome and the lake. The hotel has the upgraded bedding but, they've not upgraded the electronics in the room, no LCD TV's. There were no robes in the closet and being an Elite member of the HHonors program, I expect that they will provide some bottles of water or something in the room - nope. Not here. I even popped by the front desk to inquire about this and they seemed surprised that there were none - but, later when I returned, nothing had been done. No water. Nothing.The bar was pricey. Overnight parking $12 (in Madison, this is very expensive).That all said, I'm not sure there is anything better, hotel wise in Madison.
4	Great location, nice enough room, great beds. I'm sure the views would be fabulous in summer, but looking out at a frozen lake and snowy terrace is just okay. The most impressive part of the hotel may have been the very nice workout room. The pool and hot tub was nice until a screaming child came to play. Overall very nice place to stay.
3	Every room includes a Bible and a paperback copy of Conrad Hilton's 'Be My Guest.'  Thankfully, I had other things to do than actually read it.  The forward by his son was a self-important waste of paper that made me want to check out right then and there. The rooms and level of service at this hotel are really nice, though.Great downtown location and nice clean rooms.  The bathrooms give you the requisite number of towels and there are plenty of pillows.  However, my pillows smelled like body odor; that cost a star.Either side of the hotel will afford you great views of Capitol Square or Lake Monona.  Parking in their structures is a bit much ($12) for the city, but there are structures nearby and ample street parking during the weekends.  A restaurant and lounge operates within the building and from what I gather, they're as good as they look.
3	+ Great view (our room was 6th floor, facing the lake)+ Great location downtown+ Crabtree & Evelyn products in the bath!+ Gym, pool, whirlpool!+ SUPER comfy bed+ Parking was free for hotel guests- Very limited satellite TV (which sucks, because when it's raining and there's little else to do but watch TV, nothing comes in!)- A couple of the hand towels in the bath appeared stained with makeup- Long, dark hairs on the bathroom floor (*gag*)- A little mold in the shower (probably because the fan didn't work)- $10/night extra for internet (boo!)
3	ok place
4	Having traveled around some bizarre places in WI lately, it's nice to be in a real hotel.  The guy who checked in me in was a stressed out jerk, but besides that I had a great stay - I really hate it when the desk people aren't nice to you, it just sets the tone.  Anyway - rant over...Room is large, with the standard Hilton furniture, bedding, linens.  (Ahh, so nice compared to last night in Wisconsin Rapids!)  Yes, it's average, or even below average for a Hilton.  What bumps it up to four (almost five) stars is the location.  Beautiful!  Walk to restaurants, theater, the capitol, parks, etc.  That means a lot to me.  Wah Wah, cry me a rivier about paying for parking - You should pay for parking!  And yes, at Hiltons they always make you pay for internet.Best part is that I got this room on Hotwire for $60/night!
3	A-OK is the perfect way to describe this place. It was comfortable and had a great location, and we were lucky enough to get inexpensive rooms through hotwire. They are also dog-friendly, which is fabulous. The view was so beautiful - right over the lake!My main complaints: the bed was so squishy that my back hurt every morning, and the shower took forever to heat up. Also the water did really weird things to our skin -- we are so flaky now! My final complaint, very few tv channels. Come on! I'm in a hotel - I want to see awesome tv!
4	I had a nice corner room over looking both sides of the lake, so the view was gorgeous in the morning.   The hotel is newer and the rooms are fairly large.  Nice complementary HH continental breakfast.
3	And here I thought that this Hilton was moving up on the rating scale as some of the things on my last visit were fixed:-New lighting in the bathrooms-Crabtree and Evelyn bath products (love the way they smell)-Quick efficient check in.-MP3 plug in But that thought quickly faded when:-My wake up call didn't come (should have used my cell phone-drats!)-And there was a spider (A BIG ONE!)  in my room.Oh well. A-OK is just that.
2	Ahh!! Another one... another in the corner quick! yup that was my stay at the hilton. I thought that it would be funny to some of you fellow yelpers to paint a picture,      Towering above all others at 6'6" there I stand a tribute to the modern man ( I like to open with a joke.) There I stand on a swivel chair batting spiders away like the late Joe Dimaggio with a "enjoy your stay" book. I must of taken out 13 spiders that night. Nasty. I personally very much dislike spiders above all other creatures. I mean if a panda was hanging in the corner of my $600/a night room (yeah they think that just because they have a college in their town means that they are north Chicago or west New York or something.) I would be all right with the bear, I might even throw him a waffle or something. All in all,  When the person at the front desk asked me how my stay was, I asked "have you ever seen Arachnophobia?" just stay away from this overpriced cave of a hotel. It was that bad of an infestation.
2	First, the good:  The room was nice and clean and the staff were incredibly friendly and helpful.Now, the bad:  for some reason, no one seems to have noticed the INCREDIBLY LOUD PLUMBING in this place.  I was staying in one of the rooms that had a view of the lake and whenever one of the three neighboring bathrooms would turn on their water, it would make more noise than my alarm clock.  The view was quite nice, but since I'm here for a job interview, I care more about sleep than scenery.  To the hotel's credit, when I called the front desk at 11:30pm b/c I couldn't take it anymore, the fellow at the desk came right up to take me to a new room, helped carry my bags over, and refused a tip.  He was really quite courteous and friendly.  Without the exceptional service, I'd give this an Eeks!  Still, if you stay here and want primarily to be able to sleep, I recommend asking for a street-view room instead of a lake-view room.  You will have fewer shared walls and the adjacent rooms will be more likely to be empty so you will sleep better. Also, I have the same weird skin thing from the water...it might just be that I'm not used to the low humidity here, but I'd expect that to show up as chapped lips first.  My legs and shins are all itchy and scratchy...kinda weird.  Gratefully, no spiders...
3	I was hoping that three times would be the charm. But not so.Great corner room (see pic), comfy bed, and excellent location to everything in downtown Madison. And the views? From this room I see the lake as well as the capital building. The downside? There is always something missing. This time it was washcloths in my room. And when I called to get them- no one came to deliver them to my room. I did leave a note for the maid, however and they showed up on Day 2. And if the Hilton people are reading this- fix the lights in the bathroom. It is impossible to see in there with the two small fluorescent sconces. Too dark for a bathroom unless you really don't want to see what you look like in the morning!  At $209 a night- I expect more.
3	I will try to separate my impression of the city of Madison with my review of the hotel.  I really liked them both!  The room included wireless internet access, was very large, immaculately clean and had incredibly comfortable beds.  We were upgraded to a room with a lake view and the view was stunning.  The hotel is also in a great location -- just a short walk to the capital building and lots of restaurants and nightlife.   My only two, I hate to call them complaints but for lack of a better word, complaints, were the TV and the "executive" breakfast.  The TV was very weird and kept turning on and off by itself!  But when I tried to control it, it would sometimes work, sometimes not.  A call to maintenance left them completely confused and I decided to give up instead of having the security guard come up and try to fix it as maintenance offered to do.  This wasn't a big deal because I just wanted to watch the news before falling asleep and when it was turning on and off it was doing so very quietly.  Not a big deal. The breakfast on the other hand, was a disaster.  The employee working there disappeared for so long, a woman took it upon herself to go into the kitchen and make herself a pot of hot water for tea.  My brother ate his cereal out of a juice glass because there were no bowls.  The selection was limited to a few pieces of melon, some pretty gnarly, cold oatmeal, toast, and a handful of cereal choices.  Nothing hot for the "executive" breakfast.  Now granted, I didn't pay for the upgrade but I'm guessing that some people there had.  That said, I would stay here again for the room, the view and the location.
3	Classy hotel, classy town.  I enjoyed my brief stay here!  My room had a beautiful view of Lake Monona, but it was SO sunny in the morning, I couldn't have the shades open even a peak without going blind.  The location is perfect for sightseeing in downtown Madison, I just wish The Hubs was with me so we could have enjoyed it more together!Only downside, the internet is not free, I had to pay for plug-in.  Also, the free breakfast was disappointing for the cost of the hotel (I've had better at a Comfort Inn and Suites!)
3	I love this hotel for the location.  The views on the lake side are stunning. The rooms are comfortable. The workout room is good enough.  Really, everything is fine and I will likely stay here again, based on area availability.  But I have had a room that seemed a little beat up and on a different stay, I noticed that the noise level from the hallway was pretty loud (the people were not out of line - the walls just didn't buffer the sound).  AVOID the restaurant at breakfast time.  We waited FOREVER to be served and the staff did not seem the least bit concerned - it was clearly normal for them.
5	Clean and comfortable - very friendly and helpful staff. Had some special requests and they were great about it.
3	When your check-in experience goes wrong, you know the rest of the stay is going to be tainted.  We had two "king bed lake view" rooms reserved (per the confirmation from Hilton) and requested that they be adjoining.  We got none of those things. In fact, our rooms were on different floors. When we asked, the snot boy behind the desk said that the "king bed lake view" part was just a request because we were on a conference rate.  No, that's not how it works.  I work part time as a travel agent. If it's on the confirmation, you as the hotel are suppose to honor the confirmation or make it better than the confirmation.  Housekeeping was so-so too.  One day, our room wasn't cleaned until almost 4:00 pm and when it was, it was pretty obvious that she hadn't vacuumed (bits of garbage on the floor near the trash can).The pool is small and only 3.5 feet deep.  Not good for more than kids splashing.  The hot tub is nice sized, but half of the jets weren't working.We did contact Hilton via Twitter while staying there and were referred to a form on their web site to file a complaint.  The manager contacted us after we got back home and asked for more information.  We were issued a $50 credit and the manager will be having a "chat" with snot boy.
5	5 star rating in my book. Hotwired this joint at the last minute on a Friday night for $59! Checked in and we had a corner room on the fifth floor facing the capitol building.  The view was great, the finish out on the room is nice, and the staff was very friendly and accommodating from check in to check out. On top of all of this there are sooo many good bars, restaurants, and even nature trails within walking distance it is just ridiculous.
5	Location Location Location!!!  This hotel has that and more!!!It is connected to the Convention Center...yes you talk the walkway over and you never have to go outside...great in both the summer and winter months.You also have to walk through the bar too...so pick up a beer on the way over.The rooms were really nice too...the bed was extremely comfortable and we had HBO...I like HBO but Entourage was not on...the final season!!!  I also had an amazing view of the capital building too.The Club on the top floor was amazing...I got to start my morning every day up here enjoying a nice breakfast.  One side had a view of the lake and the other side of downtown Madison.The parking was a little expensive...for the price I paid for my room it really should have been included in the price.  I always hate seeing those extra charges.
3	I chose this hotel because of its downtown Madison location.Parking is in a garage that is right underneath the hotel.  It is not operated by the hotel, but they do have a discount rate of $13 per day for guests.  You pay for this at check-in rather than with the parking attendant.  A quick elevator ride up from the parking garage levels brings you to the lobby.Check-in went smoothly and I was up in my 7th floor room with a Capitol building view in no time.The room was classy looking and clean.  There was plenty of space for a king bed, two comfy arm chairs a desk and of course the flat screen TV.  The bathroom was spacious and clean as well.Everything seemed good at first, but then the stars started coming off...First I couldn't get a Wi-Fi signal.  I tried with my laptop and with my Android phone.  There was no sign of the free Wi-Fi I expected.  I guess it didn't make it up to my floor.The second issue was that the A/C did not work.  I set the thermostat to 70, but while the fan was running, no cool air was coming out of it.  Luckily it was a fairly cool day in Madison and the room was still bearable.  I wish I could have opened a window, but they were screwed shut, probably for safety reasons.The bed was very comfortable and I got a good night's sleep.  I was irritated by the slamming of doors by other guests a few times, but that is a common hotel problem.  The place that effectively addresses this problem will get 5 stars from me.There was so much to like about this hotel, but a few shortcomings made it less than perfect for me.  I think they could be easily fixed and so I would stay at the Hilton Madison Monona Terrace again if I was in downtown Madison.
4	Considering our friends were staying at the University Inn, I think we won.The location is clutch, adjacent to Monona Terrace and right off of the capitol. Some of the rooms even have lake views. We had a decent group rate since we were there for a wedding, but I can't remember how much it actually cost.The room was a standard hotel room, but the bathroom was really, really dark. So dark, in fact, that I had to do my makeup in the armchair by the windows instead of in the bathroom. If I hadn't done that, who knows what kind of monstrosity could have come out of that dimly lit loo. Put some better lighting in there, Hilton.The bed was really comfy, with GREAT pillows. I do believe my guy and I looked at each other in the morning and said, in unison, "We have to get new pillows."
5	Great view of the capital from one side of the building and a great view of lake from the other side of the building. I love staying at Hilton's and this one did not disappoint. I was here for a conference, and had quick access to the conference center.I had breakfast at the small restaurant on my last day, which was OK, but too pricey. At night the restaurant turns into a bar, which was also OK. They did have a rather large selection of beers, though.Overall a standard Hilton experience.
4	Be sure to request a lakeside room, otherwise you may end up with a view of the parking lot.  Lobby is small, but checkin and checkout was efficient.  Rooms and bedding were clean, did a bedbug check and no bedbugs or their nasty eggs here!  Wallpaper in bathroom peeling off a bit (yeah, I notice pretty much everything!), but bathroom very nice and modern with marble tile floors and marble sink top.  Overall a nice hotel which is showing it's age a little, but still very clean and quiet rooms.  I had a beautiful view of the lake, my friend was not so lucky, and had the parking lot, so make sure to ask for a lake view!
4	Hotel with a view!Some rooms have an excellent view of the Capitol. Clean, spacious rooms, of course with Peter Thomas Roth bath products.  Typical Hilton hotel. No disappointments for me. You do have to pay for parking here.
5	This is one of the nicer hotels I stay at throughout the year for work. And it is all about the staff and the location. The employees are always friendly. And the location is perfect for madison - the view of the capitol on one side and lake monoma on the other.  You can walk all around state street in minutes from the hotel, take a tour of the capitol or hit up the local starbucks all within minutes.  And for me, working in the frank wright cc for the week, it is the perfect location.Hands down, one of the best restaurants in Madison is the Capitol Chop House located in the hotel lobby.If you are coming to Madison for work or play, stay here.
4	I stayed here with my bf for a night since I had a job interview near Madison. The room was huge and the bed was so soft that I fell asleep almost immediately. We had free wifi and complimentary continental breakfast, but I think these might be perks from the company that covered our hotel accommodations. I would've given them 5 stars if we were given a view of the lake, but all we got was the street :( Also, there was no minifridge in the room, and the heater was terribly loud that I woke up to turn it off, and then was pretty cold in the morning. Other than that, no complaints -- it was a great place and we got to see the view of the lake from Capital Lounge in the morning at breakfast. Just wow.
4	I stayed here for a night with my gf since we drove up to Madison for her interviews.Pros:-convenient parking-free wifi-yummy breakfast-gorgeous view of lake http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SOhDXouPwa6C5cf-3hcl2Q?userid=2fN8mN7uUjOw-QqtcgYqXQ-comfy bedCons:-heater was really loud and kept making a clicking sound, even when off-no water bottle in room-no fridge-bathtub floor was really slipperyView from our room: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SOhDXouPwa6C5cf-3hcl2Q?select=Ck0fybBnc_EjdqbWaEUWIw
3	Pros:-convenient parking-optional pay wifi-gorgeous view of the capitol building!-comfy bedCons:-heater was really loud and kept making a clicking sound, even when off-no water bottle in room-bathtub floor was really slippery-overpriced breakfastIf you are a light sleeper, do not stay here, the heater will keep you up all night.  If you have the munchies, go somewhere else.  Food was great tasting, but also overpriced.
5	There is not a single thing about my experience at this hotel that I could complain about. I stayed here for two nights and found it to be clean, quiet, and well-appointed in every way that one would expect of a business-class hotel. My room had a great view of the capital building, and the overall ambiance was professional and inviting. I was impressed with how close it was to the UW campus, as well as a host of great restaurants, State Street, and many of the other Madison attractions.I rented a car while I was in the area which I had to park in the garage below the hotel. It was $12 per day, but considering I live in a city where garage spots will run you $40-$60 a day, I thought this was very fair. I also ate in the restaurant one time, and was pleased with the speed of service and the price of the breakfast as compared to other hotel restaurants. The staff was friendly, and the gym was clean and relatively spacious as hotel gyms go. I would not hesitate to stay here again if I have the chance to go back. Great experience!
4	This is my go-to hotel in Madison.Check-In: Staff here are very nice. They are welcoming and the check-in process is quick and easy.Room: I always ask for the lakeview room- you can have an excellent view of the Monona terrace and the lake which is breath taking. You can sleep with the curtains open and wake up to sun reflecting off the lake in the morning. It's heaven!  The capitol view is also nice, but nothing compared to the lakeview. Rooms are clean and spacious. Bathroom is unremarkable- nothing too special to rave about, but everything is clean and comfortable.Lounge: There is no evening service in the lounge which is disappointing... The morning reception is decent. There is hot breakfast, juice, baked goods, and cereal. Coffee is a bit disappointing but the rest makes up for it. I have to say that this hilton has the best sausage links (and I prefer patties over links!). I'm always look forward to their eggs and sausage links whenever I go!Parking: There is underground self-park for $13/night or you can valet for $4 more. Very convenient covered parking.This is THE hotel when you're in Madison!
5	I have to say, this place impressed me. I stayed here for two nights during a work trip, and got a fantastic group rate ($109 per night, as part of a convention hotel block). I don't think I've ever paid that little for such a nice place.After checking in late at night, I got a room with a beautiful view of the Capitol on the 11th floor. I sat down at the desk and turned on my laptop to check my email. You have to pay for wifi at this hotel, but I found a free wifi signal from a nearby building. Unfortunately, I didn't stay in this room long. There were some teenagers yelling and slamming doors, and it was midnight. So I went downstairs and asked to switch rooms, and was given a lakeside room on the 10th floor instead. This room was much quieter and bigger... but sadly the free wifi signal I had facing the Capitol had disappeared once I moved to the other side of the building. Oh well, that's why I have a smartphone.My boss and I had breakfast downstairs the next morning before walking across the bridge to the convention center for our meeting. We told our waiter we were in a bit of a rush, so we managed to get our food (which was delicious) quickly and finished just in time. My boss was impressed enough with their breakfast that he came again early the next morning (I chose to sleep in). The concierge was very helpful in suggesting nearby restaurants, and both of the options he gave us turned out to be fantastic recommendations. They have a small convenience store (the size of a closet) to the left of the check-in counter. I asked them how much the half-size bottles of water were, and they told me just to take one for free.I had a very comfortable stay here. The beds were soft and had plenty of pillows, the carpeting was beautiful and new, and the place was just overall very well-appointed. I thought it was a nice touch that, for one thing, they allowed pets, and for another thing, they had a tiny blackboard that welcomed their VIP guests (with the dog's name on it) and a tiny bowl of dog bones. So cute.When it was time to check out, we asked them about getting a cab to the airport. They said they had a shuttle that was five minutes away and could take us for free. I left with a great impression of this place, and would absolutely stay here again.
1	Lousy accommodations, parking sucks & the wifi is virtually non-existent.  Management when asked about bled the outside contractor and shrugged. No pool this weekend.  A parking valet trashed nephew's Prius battery on the day of his wedding!  If I could give no stars I would.  Try the Best Western on Capitol square--we will the next time.  And there will be a next time, because Madison is awesome especially on summer weekends.
4	Got a decent price on hotels.com  Friendly, clean rooms, great views, in house bar/restaurant and walking distance to all the good stuff.
3	I stayed here while in town for a wedding this past June and, while the wedding reception at Monona Terrace was gorgeous and seemed to not miss a beat, the hotel room itself missed the mark in more ways than one.First off, when we arrived, the parking garage was full. This was quite irritating. I feel like a hotel should at least have enough spaces for the hotel guests, or plan accordingly. The room itself was nice and had a stunning view of the lake, however we could hear absolutely everything from water running through pipes every time neighboring rooms turned on faucets to people talking at a casual volume in the halls. The air conditioner also made a high pitched sound, which was annoying during the night. Second, wi-fi is not included. I still haven't figured out why nicer hotel chains seem to charge for wi fi, but less "prestigious" hotel chains do not. At any rate, this is a reason I will avoid this hotel in the future. Other than checking in and one night of housekeeping, we did not need any additional hotel services, but both were fine. Perhaps I had too high of hopes for this hotel after living in Madison for 5 years and hearing so much about  it, but it really was just a standard hotel with a nice view, in my opinion. Being that I will likely not be utilizing the restaurants and other downstairs amenities anytime soon, I am more likely to stay at one of the other downtown hotels with complimentary wi-fi and parking, which rank higher on my hotel priority list.
4	I was thoroughly impressed with this hotel. It's located right by the Monona Terrace Conference and Community Center, and the lakeview we got was amazing. I hope this doesn't demote it or anything, but we were able to get a pretty good deal on Hotwire for a King sized bed for two. The room was clean and very elegantly decorated. The business center had everything you might need. The pool is quite small, but the fitness center met all of our needs. Only downside is paying for wifi ($10/day). One would expect internet to be complimentary at a Hilton. In terms of location, it is just amazing. Easy to get to by car, bus, and there's a Madison B-Cycle bike share spot across the street. At night the streets are very quiet, and during the day it's pretty bustling with tourists, business people and visitors to the convention center.
3	We stayed here overnight on a last-minute trip to Madison. Due to the Badgers game, our hotel options were extremely limited; I'm at the point in my life where I refuse to stay in a low-budget option, but I also bristle at the thought of paying more than $225/night for a hotel that's not in a major city like New York or San Francisco. This hotel ended up being our only option besides sleeping in a tent (as if!), but it was on the pricey side.Pros:+All rooms have a view of either the Capitol or Lake Monona+Comfy bed, nice linens+Peter Thomas Roth beauty products in bathroom+Overnight parking is reasonable ($13) and downright cheap when compared to hotels in Chicago that charge upwards of $50 a night+Great location: short walk to the Capitol, farmers market, and tons of restaurants and barsCons:-Our room was not ready at 3:45 (check in time is 3:00). Say what? We're paying $260 for a room and you want to make us wait another 30 minutes for the room to be ready? No, I don't think so - you need to find us another room, STAT. We were about to go off but finally the manager waved some special magic wand and was able to upgrade us to a better room that was ready immediately. Which is what they should have done in the first place.-No free in-room wi-fi. I HATE being charged an additional fee for wi-fi, especially if I'm already paying a hefty price for the room itself. There was free wi-fi in the hotel lobby, bars and restaurants, so I made do.-Hellishly long waits for elevators. Only two of the four elevators went to the parking garage, so in the morning when everyone's checking out with their luggage, there'd be no room and you'd have to wait for another elevator. Unacceptable and inconvenient. This is an upscale hotel, not the Best Western.So there you have it. I liked the hotel itself very much and perhaps the nuisances I experienced can be attitbuted to a busy weekend at the hotel (three weddings and the Badgers game). I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again, but I'll make damn sure it's not during a football weekend.3.5 stars.
4	Nice place, good service. I would give it a 5 star but I got some of the order-in food and was severely disappointed. The nachos were awful, basically tasted like a plate of cheap tortilla chips with cheap shredded Sargentos microwaved for $10. The internet was free , you just need a username and password which I got from the front desk.
3	A very nice hotel.  My wife and I recently stayed here for a football weekend in Madison, and overall had a very nice stay.  The room was large, we got a nice upgrade to a lakeview and a high floor as well.  The beds weren't quite as soft as I would have liked, but the pillows were very comfortable.  The room had a great L-shaped sofa in it with two HDTVs.  In general, it was quiet for the most part, except Saturday night some drunkard pulled the fire-alarm.  It reminded me of being in the dorms again.  I was a little irked that the front desk in the morning while checking out didn't ask me about this, or how it affected my stay, so I would have given 4 stars, but the staff really wasn't that helpful.  Even on checking in, they weren't the greatest, as I have seen at other Hilton properties.  Overall, pretty decent, the staff could use a knock back down to earth, they are working at a hotel in Madison, WI, not NYC or LA.
4	nice
5	This is my favorite hotel in Madison. The rooms are spotless and spacious. The hotel overlooks the water for a great view of the lake. There are 2 restaurants which comes in really handy when the weather is poor and you don't want to leave the facility. The parking is in doors so you don't have to brush snow off of your car. The location is right down the street from the best two restaurants in Madison (Graze and E'toile). As a Hilton diamond member, I have been upgraded several times at no charge. There is also a congeries lounge for snacks and a free breakfast.  What's not to like about the Monono Terrace???
4	Pros: Rooms were spacious and very clean.  It looked updated (bath was pretty new).  View from lakeview room was really nice (7th floor).  Flat screen TVs.  Staff was very courteous and helpful.  They accept pets.  Nice bath amenities.  Cons: hotel parking full early in day on second day.  Had to valet or park down the street.  Parking is $13/night in garage ($17/night valet) extra.  Beds are very soft with little support.  A/C units are like jet engines. Door slamming is a problem as room doors don't close easily. You can hear other peoples' bathroom noises.
2	I booked this hotel because I was in a bridesmaid for a wedding taking place at the Monona Terrace. The room I got had two double beds..not queens...which was a surprise to me, since I was sharing the room with 2 other bridesmaids, so it was a tight squeeze. Overall, I have experienced much better with other Hiltons. First off, our sink didn't drain. Second, parking isn't free. As a guest of the hotel, I would hope that they would provide a place to park my car. It's $13/day per car. We had two cars, so after a 3 night stay....it added up. Third, THE DEMON AIR CONDITIONER. It sounded like a freight train was coming through the wall. It would click on and rattle like nothing I have ever experienced for approximately 30 minutes at a time. Sleep was impossible. Fourth, nothing is complimentary. No free coffee, no free continental breakfast. The only complimentary thing was ice water...which they were out of most of the time. Really? Thanks Hilton. As for my positive experiences - the view of the lake was beautiful, although I didn't spend much time in the room due to the demon A/C unit. Being connected to the wedding venue was incredibly convenient. Having a full size hairdryer that wasn't connected to the wall really helped get my group ready faster. The rooms were clean, and when we arrived they gave us two bottles of water (which they never replaced though). And, I enjoyed my one copy of the USA today...which I didn't receive each day, because I guess it's  "USA this week" at Monona Hilton. If you are attending a wedding at the Monona Terrace, I would investigate other hotels before committing to the Hilton.
4	We give this hotel five stars for its awesome location! In walking distance to everything fun- delicious restaurants, theaters, nightlife and the Lake Monona path.Rooms were average but had nice views. Pool and hot tub were ok. Beware- the sitting bench in the hot tub is extremely coarse & jagged and would easily wreck your swimsuit. We sat on towels and it worked out fine.Overall, nice hotel in a fun, walkable city!
5	Even though they had TWELVE weddings that weekend, the Hilton treated us with the perfect bridal shower/bachelorette party weekend get-away spot!!!
5	The Hilton Monona Terrace was the ONLY hotel I would have stayed in over the Ironman WI weekend - last September, after I volunteered, I made my reservation for the five night stay. Impressive that they allowed points for the stay since it is a sold out weekend with a bunch of crazy people (me one of them) doing Ironman. I used points for 4 of the 5 nights and only dished out $208 for the final night. Originally, I had two double beds because I anticipated having a fellow triathlete stay with me. Surprise...I am dating the MOST wonderful man and he joined me for the weekend...no king size beds...double...as in double trouble, no kings available. I kept calling and pleading leading up to the stay.Upon our arrival...they greeted me like they'd known me forever and ...a king size bed - top floor, overlooking Lake Monona.Why so great: free shuttle service to/from airport, wonderful food, stellar service, well appointed rooms, proximity to the Capitol (and the start-finish for Ironman!) and they have been the host hotel for Ironman so many years that they roll out all the special needs for athletes.Everything is within walking distance: Famers Market on Saturdays, Fromagination, Graze, L'Etoile...Housekeeping responded to a couple late requests for toiletries & towels .Highly recommend this hotel !!Saw someone "bristled" at $225 a night - well, you can always go somewhere else where location/quality is at a different level. This hotel can/should charge $200+ a night - during Ironman it was considerably higher because of the sold out status. Very service oriented hotel.
4	We were in town for homecoming and snagged a room for Saturday night.  We arrived early (like 10am early) and they let us check-in which was nice considering the hotel was sold out on Friday night!   The room was clean and orderly and had the requisite coffee machine and a few bottles of free water (it helps to be a Hilton Points member).  Our room had a fantastic view of Lake Monona so even though we didn't spend a lot of time in it (there was a football game to attend) I left the drapes open so I could wake up to the view!The hotel itself seems spacious enough considering it is squeezed in between existing structures.   The front entrance area can get quite congested and the drive into the parking garage is a bit narrow and winding so be careful.   We brought our bikes and they had bike parking available in the garage (I hate having to lock them to some random railing).   There is a nice hotel bar with a great bartender (Ethan!) but you also have the option to go to the Madison Chophouse.We've stayed here a bunch of times and will be back but remember, it's tough to get a room on football weekends so book early!
4	One of the nicer hotels in Madison (and priced as such) with large rooms and super friendly staff.  I visit Madison 4-6 times a year and have stayed at the Hilton before but not in the past 5 years.  I must say I was suitably impressed by their staff from the valet to the front desk staff - all were efficient, and Mr. Rogers friendly and helpful which was much appreciated after the 5-hour drive from Minneapolis.I had a great room on the 10th floor that looked out over the lake. Nice view.Since we visited on Homecoming Weekend the place was hopping but that didn't deter their smiles and service attitude (although the parking was full when we arrived but the valet took care of us without a charge).The location is great, just a couple of blocks off the capital square which makes it easy to visit our other Madison favorite, the Farmer's market that runs each Saturday from about May until October.  Having a fridge in the room was nice so we could keep all the cheese we bought fresh for the drive home to Minneapolis.
2	They close the Hilton Honors lounge on the week ends. Very disappointing because they only offer you one drink card to replace the lounge. Very unusual for a Hilton , seems to be a mini Hilton in many respects. Not what I am use to in services, for a Hilton would be ok as a Best Western and the rates should then be lower.
3	This place is nice, but it is annoying that they want you to pay for internet. If you want free internet, you have to go to the lobby, where there is a constant influx of cold air from the outside (which can be pretty intense in the Wisconsin winter). Also the parking rate is fairly high and I don't think Madison counts as a big city where it is reasonable to charge extra for parking.
3	The hotel is pretty nice and the staff are helpful.  two complaints: the wireless internet is very slow, and the housekeeping staff is very loud and woke everyone up in my room - they spoke very loudly and were throwing things around for about 45 minutes.  we called and complained.
5	We stayed here over the weekend for a wedding and everything was great.The location is GREAT.  It is in the center of everything.The staff is outstanding.  Everyone was friendly and helpful.The rooms were comfortable with good beds, pillows, and sheets.Parking is $13 per night, and while there are metered parking spaces close by it is easier to just pay for the parking.The elevators were ridiculously slow, but I don't think that is the hotel's fault.I also didn't really like the way the tap water tastes, but they do give you 2 free bottles of water.The hot tub was large, but the pool was tiny.  The workout room was small, but seemed adequate.
4	I ended up getting a room last minute when we were up for the night, and were able to snag a room at a reasonable price.The whole process was fast and easy, and the reservation agent was very patient, given how I was trying to book a room outside of state street, right after the Badgers won. When we checked in, Meg at the front desk was incredibly helpful with helping us find locations, and upgraded us from a standard double room to a larger room with a fold out couch when she saw there were three of us. The room itself was clean and had a great view of the lake, and was a welcome quiet relief from the crazy madness we were dealing with when we were out.The biggest sell for us though was the complimentary shuttle service that the hotel provides until 10 pm. Once we settled in, we simply called the front desk, asking for a ride to meet up with our friends, and by the time we made it to the lobby, their van was outside and waiting. Our driver was knowledgeable about the area, and gave us great advice on where to go, as well as how to get back, as the shuttle service ended at 10. The only downside was that they have their cafe right by the lobby elevators, and as we were leaving in the morning, we were greeted by the delicious and enticing smell of freshly cooked bacon, and were heartbroken when we had to leave with out being able to enjoy it. First world problems.I'll definitely be coming back and staying next time I'm in town, as the service and convenience was definitely worth the price.
4	This hotel is amazing.  Get the Jr. Suite with a lake view.  Amazing sunrise.  People are very nice.  We parked using valet parking and had to get our car out four times and there was not an issue.  Many great places to eat near the hotel.  Parking is $13 when you valet and $4 every time you have to get your car FYI.   One negative is that the pool is very small but my two kids still had a lot of fun.
4	This is a great place to stay.  Wonderful hotel, comfortable rooms and great location.   Within walking distance of campus and right off the square.  Deserving no less than 4 stars.
5	Our stay during this years American Data conference at the Hilton was marvelous! The staff was both friendly and helpful!  Everyone greeted us with a smile and a hello. That has a way of just making your day.We dined every morning at The Olive Room and had wonderful breakfast creations. We didn't sample their breakfast buffet which looked and smelled great but chose to order off the menu. While the prices may seem a bit high, the portions and quality more than made it worthwhile! A special Thanks to Candace, one of the friendliest, hardest working waitresses we've had the pleasure of meeting in a very long time! If you are lucky enough to have her serve you, give her a BIG tip because she has earned it! Another Special Thanks to Jorge, the fantastic chef behind our delicious creations.  Be sure to give your compliments to the chef!We will definitely plan to stay again and recommend The Hilton to our coworkers, friends, and family.** On a note.. Paying parking fees was our only complaint. That should've been included in the price of the room. ***
4	The pool is pretty small, but it's indoors, and the kids didn't seem to care about the size, and the whirlpool is is luxurious. Our view of the Terrace and lake was equally uxorious.This place is wedding central on weekends in the summer. You can just watch wedding parties and guests going up and down the elevators all day and night. Could be an interesting photo project.My only complaint is that they didn't seem to want to give us extra blankets, maybe they intuited that we would use them for make shift beds for the kids, instead of paying a lot of money for cots.But when we forgot a few things in the room, they mailed them to us free of charge. That's service!
5	We recently reserved a block of rooms for our wedding at the Hilton Monona Terrace. The staff was super accommodating and the rooms were superb! Our guests only could say good things after staying there over the weekend. We can't thank the staff enough for making our weekend extra special and easy to plan.
1	I've stayed here multiple times in the past and had good experiences. Checked in yesterday. Room wasn't the cleanest and there were about 10 toenail clippings in the bathtub! I cleaned them out and didn't say anything. Just got back to the room for the second night and there was another nail clipping in the bath tub!! I called the front desk and all I got was "I'm puzzled how that could have happened".  Very Disappointing!!!
