4	I planned on splurging on 2 things in Vegas: an exotic car rental and an exotic motorcycle chopper rental. 1st one complete!I did a search and called this place up. The first time I couldn't understand the gentleman's accent so I called back later. This time, Mark, the manager, picked up and we were able to sort out details on me renting the cheapest car (and one of my favorites in the lineup): the Lotus Elise. If you don't know what this car is, well LMGTFY: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lotus_EliseIn a sea of Lamborghini's, Ferrari's and Porsche's, I think the Lotus flies under the radar because it's the smallest of them out there, what with a small, peppy inline 4-cylinder engine lying mid-ship. I believe it was about $250-300 for a 24 hr period. With the most expensive being the Lambo's at $1,000+, this is a great option for those seeking a road thrill without breaking their Vegas wallet too much.I met him at the non-descrip office just off Dead Martin Dr. The website and business card are rather clean and presentable - and with cool cars, of course! The office itself is pretty bland and probably solely for function; same with the garage in back. You wouldn't think it would seem rather lackluster, given the website and their motto, but I didn't mind. I just wanted good service and a fun ride out of this whole thing. And those I got. Mark is a really cool guy and professional.Walking in the garage was pretty awesome. You had the high-end Lamborghini's, Dodge Viper GTS, Ferrari and then my eyes saw the 3 Lotus Elises. Only 1 was functional, unfortunately, since he said one is his project (dirty tarp) and the other needs a door fixed. It was funny because he said the 3rd one is good but it needed a wash. It wasn't bad and I didn't feel like waiting 'til the next day, so I told him I'll take it. Before heading out, he gave me a once over and instructions on the targa top (don't put the top on if you're over 5'10" - not worth the effort getting in and out of the car, LOL).And then I was off... vroooom! Swift lil' thing for my tall body and nice purring exhaust, as well. I made sure to drive around the Asian District to impress teh ladeez, hahaha. FYI, the seats get super hot in the Vegas sun with the top off.They offer you 2 convenient ways to return the car: giving it to the hotel valet with his card or dropping it off at the office and drop the keys in the mail slot.Feedback: I do wish the car is cleaned and all prepped before it is taken out. I remembered to scoot my seat back for leg room later and noticed a good vacuuming should be in order. I'm not sure if he got the car brand new (it has 30,000+ on the odometer); you can see signs of wear (faded visors, scruffing on dashboard) and fixing (he warned me at the office, the gauges need to be replaced). I don't like aftermarket parts on exotic cars (the blapunkt stereo); they deserve to be ridden in all their original glory. Some other stuff, but of no big concern to me.Sweet ride! 6-speed stick, yo! If you don't have much topless action in your life, atleast you can ride topless in style while in Las Vegas.
5	while we were in vegas for the bachlorette party,   my girl also rented a lamborgini,   it was very sexy,  it was very cool to drive around... quite the eye catcher.    we attracted enough attention,  as it was,  this car made it IMPOSSIBLE TO NOT BE SEEN....  ANYWHERE!      bachlorette party...   went off without a stitch!   if you can afford this type of thing,   WE RECOMMEND IT HIGHLY!
5	Hello everyone,I rented a red Lotus Elise with Las Vegas Exotic Car Rentals in January 2012, and it has been a fantastic experience. Not only do they offer fair prices, but the services I got from them has been outstanding. The staff is extremely professional, and has bent backwards to accommodate me: I loved the car so much that I decided to rent it for another full day. I called at 4:00am, got an answer my 9:00am, and the adventure continued. They also picked up the car at our hotel, which was extremely convenient.At some point, I needed assistance: a valet had messed up the door handle and my girlfriend and I had to evacuate the car through the roof :/ ! I immediately called Mark and no later than 20 minutes after, he came in to fix the issue. And off we went again, for another day of pure bliss.I enjoyed it so much that I decided in June to renew the experience once more in September of 2012, this time bringing my brother and his girlfriend to ride along. We booked the 2 Lotuses :D. Although we've had some issues regarding our own insurance, being from Canada, the staff has shown great flexibility. I have been dealing with a gentleman named Dave, and he diligently when through about 20 pages of policy to confirm that we could indeed use it in case (God forbids) something was to happen to us. Dave always answered my questions in a thorough manner, was very polite, and very transparent regarding the transaction. So far, his service has been nothing short of stellar.We are very excited to renew the experience with them on September, and I will post another review to let you guys know how things went.In the mean time, I absolutely recommend Las Vegas Exotic Car Rentals for their great cars, fair prices, and great service.
5	Hi Everyone,So I rented the tow Lotuses back in September with my brother and our girlfriends, and it was absolutely epic. Dave was kind enough to provided us with map and we enjoyed the visit so much that we extended the rental to 5 days.We will come back (again) for sure.Great company, great staff, great cars, fantastic service.Justin
5	We rented a Lambo for our Valley of Fire wedding.  Dave was extremely helpful and responsive, and the service impeccable.  They dropped the car off on time, and we left it with the valet for them to pick up later.  It was so convenient.  The car possibly outshined the bride and groom!  it was a big hit.  I highly recommend Dave and his team at Las Vegas Exotic Car rentals.
5	Have just booked the black Lambo Spyder for 24hrs in June, and whilst I'm yet to even drive the vehicle, I can't say enough about how helpful Dave has been arranging the rental. Will post back here after the drive but if the booking process is anything to go by, it'll be one smooth ride!Reece
5	Rented 2 vehicles from Dave and let me tell you customer service was A+! Rented the cars for a week and was given a great rate he was very flexible and worked to deliver the cars when I needed them. I will definately return it was great!
5	Given the fact I have never rented from LVER, I can only speak to the honesty of the owner.  I purchased the Z06 Corvette from their fleet, the owner (Daniel) was BEYOND helpful in this transaction.  He was very honest with all aspects and even acquiesced to my most unusual demands.  I can say that you will not be duped, they are very honest, and from my experience.... they will get the job done!!  He didn't have to be so kind and helpful, he surprised me at every turn, LVER truly bent over backwards for me.  Thank you Daniel for the most amazing car buying experience!!
4	I'm not really sure where to start with my review.Oh, right, the FERRARI! Obviously. From the moment I put eyes on that beautiful car pulling into the parking lot, I was in heaven. The bright red paint, the ostentatious yellow Ferrari logo brazenly placed on the front quarter panels, and the sleek, perfectly aerodynamic lines were intoxicating. I absolutely couldn't wait to get in.After a little bit of paperwork (because Brandy, one of Daniel's assistants, is pretty awesome and had me do some paperwork remotely before I came) and a few signatures typical to any rental, I was sitting in the F360 Spider getting an orientation. If I have one piece of advice, it's LISTEN. I was so excited about the car, I kind of forgot a key pointer - IN order to put the car into 1st from neutral with the paddle shifter, your foot has to be on the brake. That made for a very awkward first red light where people were honking at this beautiful Ferrari. No matter. I figured it out in a couple seconds.Unfortunately, and I will say this was the ONLY "negative" for my entire experience with LVER and Daniel from start to finish, when I was getting some gas for the Red Rocket, the battery met its end. Daniel quickly responded to the situation and, due to the slight inconvenience, upgraded me to an F430 and added another ~80 free miles AND comped me on gasoline. It is often said and I truly believe that it isn't when things go RIGHT that a business should be judged, but how that business handles things when something beyond the control of ANYONE occur. Daniel handled it perfectly. Truly, a battery issue can occur in any car at any time, particularly in Vegas weather. Once that little hiccup was sorted out, and I was seated in the F430, every care I had in the world disappeared. The Red Rocket Part Deux  lived up to its promise. THIS IS NOT a car for an introvert. Do NOT drive this car if you do not want attention EVERYWHERE you go. I mean it. It was truly a "bucket list" experience. If you're at all on the fence about renting an exotic in Vegas, rent one from Daniel at LVER, and you'll never worry about it again. The deposit was returned in 2 business days, no fuss, no muss. No hidden charges, nothing. The Valley of Fire route provided by Daniel is amazing. You absolutely must drive that route, even if you don't go all the way to Lake Mead. Stunning views, stunning road (with REALLY new asphalt, I was surprised...) in a stunning piece of Italian perfection.I only wish I could have had the car for longer, as just one day was not enough time.Renting and driving a Ferrari went from a bucket list item to a budgeted item in every Vegas trip I make from now on. Although... maybe it'll be a Lamborghini next time.My only (VERY minor) complaints:1. Getting picked up in a PT Cruiser when going to rent an exotic car was weird to me. I didn't expect a limousine, but a Lexus or Mercedes would've been better.2. No confirmation notification after dropping the car off at the valet. I was SLIGHTLY nervous (okay, really nervous) about dropping off the F430 and not getting a text or e-mail that Daniel had retrieved the stunning work of art from the kids at the valet.3. The Ferrari had an inexpensive aftermarket head unit. I expected the head unit to be an authentic Ferrari piece like the rest of the car. If it is going to be aftermarket, it should be state of the art, and have Bluetooth sync capability.Again... VERY minor. But, it wouldn't be a fair and honest review if even MINOR complaints weren't brought up.I would, and plan very much, to rent from Daniel again.As Daniel says, HAVE AN EXOTIC DAY.Your friends will envy you forever... although going back to your daily driver will be really, really hard.Thanks Daniel!
5	We COULD NOT be more pleased with Daniel and Vegas Exotic Rentals. We rented the Ferrari F430 for our wedding in March and the entire process was seamless. The car was gorgeous and drove like a dream. Our only (very minor) complaint was that the brakes squealed when coming to a stop, but it's hard to focus on that while driving such a beautiful car. We've had a number of friends asking where we rented the Ferrari from, and we referred them to Daniel with rave reviews. We'll definitely be back!!
1	I will try to keep this as succinct as possible as renting a car from Las Vegas Exotic Car Rentals became a long drawn out back-and-forth.  In the end I it has become clear that I will never do business with them again and would not recommend them to any of my friends.  Essentially here is the timeline of events: In March 2014 I reserved this agencies' Ferrari F430 Spider for 24 hours in May 2014 , I primarily dealt with Daniel throughout this process. In May I picked up the car from Daniel and began driving it to Red Rock Canyon as Daniel had suggested. I was not impressed with the multiple damages we had noted prior to leaving with the car including but not limited to- broken clips in the roof tonneau cover (causing it to pop up), missing park distance sensor, dent on rear quarter panel, scratches on passenger door, rash on all 4 wheels, etc.  In any case these damages were noted so I wouldn't be charged for them and I happily drove off in the 430. It soon became apparent that this car had not been well maintained, first the wheel had to be held at a 15* angle in order for it to not pull strongly to the right, the tires felt loose and upon inspecting them I noted that the rears were almost completely bald, it also had difficulty getting into reverse, among other issues.  Despite these I made it to Red Rock, but upon touring the Park I realized the car would not shift (via the paddle shifters) from 3rd to 2nd. In fact when I tried to shift down (between these two gears only) the car would drop into neutral and warning lights would flash on the dash.  I immediately called LVECR and informed Daniel of this issue, he told me to bring it back immediately which I did.  Upon arriving back at his office he asked what happened, I explained, and he said he would take it for a test drive.  When he got back from his drive he told me that he experience what I had explained and said that the prior renter didn't complain of such an issue.  I told him it only happened when you manually shifted using the paddles, if you put the car in Auto mode it would shift fine, perhaps the prior renters didn't manually downshift.  Anyway he said he would give me a refund and then release my deposit pending a scan of the car's ECU the following day.  After a couple days my deposit was released however he did not refund my payment, I attempted to call them twice and left voicemails both times, I also sent an email but did not receive a response. I then disputed the charge with my credit card company and they refunded me.  End of story? Unfortunately not.Fast forward to October 2014, my credit card company contacts me and says that they have been in dispute with LVECR's bank and the bank is refusing to release my payment. My credit card company and I go back and forth for a couple of weeks and eventually I learn that my CC company and the bank had been going back and forth for months and at this point they were done trying and would be charging me for the rental.  A rental which I had for approximately 4 hours of the 24 I had paid for.  It didn't matter what I told my credit card company or what evidence I produced, they said that they could no longer dispute it.A couple weeks later I receive a letter from my credit card company including the "official statement" from Daniel, it states that I had "overheated the car's fluids which cause the transmission to malfunction".  I was amazed.  I had no idea that I possessed the ability to overheat the fluids on a $200,000 super car on the streets of Las Vegas going to Red Rock.  Nor that "overheating the fluids" would cause such a car to not be able to downshift from 3rd to 2nd. At the end of the day it turned out that Daniel was in fact an unethical business person who did not want to let go of my payment, although for some reason did not come after me for any repair costs, so I guess at least there's that.
5	Back again for our 6 month wedding anniversary, and rented the Shelby Cobra for the day. That car is QUITE the head-turner! Loved that it was a manual, it felt great to DRIVE the car. It stole the show while driving down the strip!  Highly recommended. Another wonderful experience, we'll be back!
