2	This is a new show at Planet Hollywood.The show is a weird combination of impersonations, girls dancing and comedy.  Coop does a good job, it is just not a good mixture or flow to the show.  The thing that bothers me the most about the show is the audience members that are obvious plants.  They laugh too loud and laugh at everything. This means to me that the show isn't very good or the show doesn't believe it is good.This show could be really good if they would decide who their audience was and play to them.  They are trying to play to three different groups and missing the mark.  http://www.planethollywoodresort.com/shows/the-coop-show.html#.UqoFCX-9KSM
5	I found the show to be extremely entertaining and funny as hell.  A great interaction with the crowd and hilarious impersonations.   The finale was my favorite.   I loved that he met with everyone after the show and thanked them personally for coming out.   If you're in Vegas go check this show out!
4	Took my wife and nephew here on a sunday night. The show started at 5:30 which I thought was a weird start time for an adult comedy show. Located on the mezzanine (second floor) of the casino inside Planet Hollywood, you can easily get lost if you have never been to this venue. Just ask any employee that works there and they will direct you accordingly. They have signs telling you where it is but they are not in plain obvious locations for you to see easily. They have several rows of seats with tables and the stage itself is elevated so you have a good view wherever you sit in the theater.The first 10 minutes started off with a comedian to "lighten the mood". Dude was ok. He made up songs with his guitar and some one liners were kind of funny. Then came out a blond, voluptuous lady who was the DJ for the night and her name just happened to be DJ Double D (No, I am not making this up). Along with her was a guy who was the stagehand and secondary DJ by the name of Sugar Melt, who actually sang a song in the middle of the show to give Coop a break. And yes, this dude can actually sing.As for Coop himself, he really is the star of the show. What this guy does is truly amazing. He impersonates various celebrities complete with fake hair, attire, facial expressions, body movements, and yes most importantly the voices. He does a solid job of pretending to be well known performers over a broad range of genres like James Brown, Tom Jones, Sammy Davis Jr, Frank Sinatra, Elvis Presley, Cher, Stevie Wonder, Ray Charles, R Kelly, Michael Jackson, Tina Turner, Tupac, Notorious BIG, and Eminem. These are just from what I recall from that night. Im sure he could of easily done more. He even did an impression of an Indian guy with the facial expression and everything. Hilarious!Performing with him on some songs were some long legged scantily clad sexy dancers. I mean, what's an adult show without any sexual inuendos obvious or not? I wasn't offended at all. I thought it was a nice change of pace. For you drinkers, yes, they have a server walking around taking drink orders so get your drink on and don't forget to take care of your server who takes care of you!In closing, I would recommend seeing this show. I like the fact that he has the audience participate by asking questions and even accepting suggestions on who to impersonate, which he tried to accommodate. Once I saw how hard this guy works at his craft, watching this show again is a no brainer.
