4	I like eating in casino buffets as I feel like I'm beating the casinos at the money game and getting one over on them as I don't gamble. I had worked up a good appetite on my 2 visits to the Courtyard buffet at the Stratosphere!The normal dinner buffet is $14.95 but they have special seafood nights at $18.95. The lines on this visit were both short and it didn't take long to be seated.There's a good variety of food ranging from American favourites to oriental and Mexican fare. There's a good amount of meat for carnivores at the carvery - prime rib, brisket of beef, roast chicken, roast turkey. On seafood nights, you can have as much shrimp, oysters and crab legs that you can manage. Sodas are available on tap. There was a good selection of cakes and ice cream but I stuck to the fruit, especially the lovely selection of melon.Despite passing on salads and other 'fillers' and concentrating on the entrees I love, I still end up eating too much but a nice rare feeling of getting one over the casino as I leave the buffet!I think the Courtyard is a reasonbaly priced buffet with a nice selection of food.
1	Worst buffet experience of my life.  I personally feel like a school cafeteria is better than this place.  The food was bland and old.  We were there for dinner and the place was empty for the most part.  Apparently everyone else knew better.  We had complementary tickets so at least we didn't have to pay for this horrible food.  The taco meat wasn't even ground beef.  I couldn't really tell what kind of meat it was because it was in this greasy sauce with lots of peppers.  The bread products were all hard and old and the Asian soups were not prepared properly.  The fruit bar only had watermelon, cantaloupe and honey due.  What happened to pineapple, grapes and strawberries?  Most fruit bars at least have that.   Anyway the food was bad but they had a good selection of juices and soda.
4	The only thing that, I liked about this buffet place was the seafood and the prime rib and the rest of the food was pretty good!!!
1	Avoid at all costs. I have spent the last 30 years visiting buffets in Las Vegas, and this ranks as one of the lowest on my list. The food selection is very poor considering the price. For a few dollars more, one can savor the tastes at a quality buffet, or for the same quality, should be able to find something much less expensive. I have been to the Courtyard Buffet on a number of occasions over the past few years, and the only reason I would go there by choice would be the result of a comp. Even the dessert bar is lacking. Many of the selections were either dry or lacking in taste. Some were both. The pizza crust? was very chewy and rather tasteless. Unless it were free food, I'd move along. There's nothing to see here.
1	There is nothing positive to say about this buffet.  In the city where every hotel has one, I'd expect that excess competition would breed quality.  Clearly, this isn't the case. The choices were few.  Hardly anything was very fresh.  Not a single selection stood out for it's flavor or, at least, appearance.  I usually have a hard time walking upright after leaving a buffet, but this time, I left still feeling some hunger.I've sampled a number of buffets in Vegas over the years, and while there are some that offer much better experience than others, Courtyard buffet is the first that I would definitely avoid.There is only one reason to eat there, if you're staying at the Stratosphere, don't know your way about town, and are hungry.  I fit two and a half of the three.  While I'm somewhat familiar with Vegas, I was too hungry and tired to look around.
3	We've stopped by Vegas for a night and stayed at Stratospher.  We ate At the hotel's buffet.  The food was very fresh ans although it wasn't espetacular, it was well prepared and delicious.  It had a good selection of good stuff but stay away from Chinese station.
1	Worst buffet in Las VegasThe Stratosphere as a hotel is what it is: decidedly average, geared toward the guest trying to enjoy Vegas on the cheap. The Courtyard Buffet should be an affront to any guest's sensibilities. It is undeniably the worst buffet in a city loaded with buffets, and one of the worst I have ever experienced. I only ate at the buffet because I had a free voucher as part of a promotion. I felt very alone in the dining room surrounded by the host of aged gamblers and tacky tourists taking a break from the tables and slots and eat their one meal of the day; they seemed more interested in the Keno numbers than the slop on their plates. I cannot blame them for liking the food; I am not sure that anyone of them knew better. I would never eat here again--even if it were free. None of the food was fresh and nothing was palatable.
1	Only if you're starving. At 16.95 too much $ for this food that seems to have sat out too long. Everything is hot but dry and tasteless. I would have clicked less than one star, but not available- RUN the other way.
1	One star because the brunch is do-able with the DONUTS!!! But otherwise, forgettable....and quite regrettable.
3	Definitely not a gourmet las vegas buffet. Average at its best. If you have kids it is fine otherwise spend a few more dollars and go somehwhere else..
4	kinda confused about the bad reviews.  So it's not some $60 buffet, but it is damn good for the price.  I went for lunch one day...best part was there chinese food, roast beef and clam chowder.  Then....sunday brunch...where do I start.  I had all you can eat crab legs and champagne.  I couldnt be happier.  The crab was big and meaty.  Yum..so upset I dont have that nearby.  Chinese was good again.  Only thing was they had krispy kreme doughnets and they were cold.  No good but a good buffet and I will be back.  Oh yes...good servers tool
