4	My sons attended here for several years, and the only reason we left was due to their assigned elementary school not being within the bussing area for the daycare.By and large, I was very happy with this location.  The management staff (Jennifer-Director and Anna-Assistant) were really fabulous.  They were very down to earth, and a pleasure to do business with.  The teachers, by and large, were great.  My boys are a handful, and they were willing to work with me to find ways to address issues that arose.  I went through several daycares before finding this one, actually willing to try and solve the problems.  I can't say enough about how I miss this place.  I have since relocated to another La Petite, and I am less than enthused, so this review is not portable.  In fact, I have actually had involvement with several other La Petite locations, and none of them have lived up to the standard set by the Boseck location.  That's not to say the rest are bad, just that we were spoiled by this location.  My sons made friends that we have stayed in touch with, even when some moved out of state.  We as parents made friends with other parents, same situation.If you are nervous about trusting your children to a corporate child warehousing facility (as well you should), this location is the exception to an otherwise very good rule.With that said, if you go there, and Jennifer and Anna are no longer there, then this may all be invalid, as I think that they are what made it happen.  YMMV, batteries not included.
5	my son does preschool at this location! I love it he has become very social and surprises me with the things he has learned. The staff always greets everyone by name and goes out of their way to assist you with any questions or problems. The school is very clean and they offer lunch that is healthy and tasty
5	Our daughter has been going here since she was 14 weeks old.  The staff is AMAZING.  Everyone who has been working there has been there for at least 5 years or more.  It's like having your family watch your child...they care that much. Everyday we get a report of what she did that day and how she is doing.Again, I can't tell you how great and caring the staff is and as a mom, it makes me feel better working during the day knowing that she is with people who genuinely care about her and her development!  Thank you La Petite!I also love all of the events that they plan for the kids and for the families..there are plenty of ways to get involved in your child's education here too.
5	Our daughter started here at 17 months, and we are more than happy at the environment here.  The staff is easygoing but very professional and on top of everything.  Teachers have been here for years and can accommodate any special thing that arises.  The structure is great, and in the first week my daughter already increased her vocabulary quite a bit.  She loves to go!  Love love this place.
5	Don't call it a daycare, it's a school!!!!!  ha haThis is the most perfect place for my kids. I could not ask for anything more. Honest.Putting your kids in any kind of daycare is scary and stressful. You get nervous about them be ignored, hurt, hungry and thirsty, and you wonder if they change diapers frequently or right before you pick them up. All fears were put to rest after just a couple of days here.The front office staff, Jennifer and Anna, are nothing but nice and helpful. If you have any issues or questions you can bother them all you want, they will gladly answer any questions you have.The teachers are great too. My oldest son started at 2 years old and now he is about to start kindergarten and my youngest started and 1 1/2 years old, so I have experienced many teachers and they are all great.Pros:*There is a curriculum (your child will use their brain while here)*Hot breakfast, hot lunch, and several snacks are provided*They always have photos being done at the school so say goodbye to Kiddie Kandids*In the summer they have water play days for all ages*In the summer there are fun events at the school like pony rides*The outdoor area is huge and safe and clean. The toddler area is separate.*For the younger kids you get a summary of their day: what they ate, what times they were changed or if they were dry and this is all logged with times.*You don't need a set schedule. Sometimes we go twice a week and sometimes 4 times a week.*You can pay online.* If your child is a student at Walter E. Jacobson elementary they will walk your child from the school to their school for afternoon care.*They have those small school buses that they use to pick up kids but I have no further information about that.*There is a key code you need to enter.The staff is wonderful, your child is perfectly safe here and is well taken care of. I will honestly be heartbroken when my boys grow out of this school.
1	HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE.... most of the staff are very nice and friendly but I had a HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE with my son's teacher in particular.  My son is 3yo and was attending this daycare for about 6 months and I thought it was weird that he wasn't adjusting to being left at the school. One day as I am going to drop him off to Class I hear his teacher MS DANA YELLING AT ONE OF THE OTHER KIDS, as I walk through the door her demeaner changes and she then starts disciplining the child with a softer tone. A week later I go to the school and she's yelling at another child and I can hear her down the hallway before I get to the door. My GF thought I was being over protective until she dropped off our son and she waited down the hall and heard MS DANA YELLING AT OUR SON BECAUSE HE STARTED CRYIN. This teacher should not be around 3yo children and should not teach if she does not have the patience for it. We reported her to her DM and removed our child from their care. DEFINITELY WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS LOCATION AS LONG AS MS DANA IS THERE
1	Do you know how this facility has so many 5 star reviews? They have a raffle every couple of months for those parents that leave "5 STAR" reviews for this facility and the winner gets a free week of tuition!! Very sad indeed!I have to say that two teachers in this facility are good with children, but the rest especially Dana & Becky treat your kids very harsh, especially if you are not around. I was standing behind the wall once and heard Dana yelling very loudly at this poor 2 year old child. 5 Minutes later when his dad was picking up the same child, he was been treated like a Prince and that is definitely wrong!!There is little teacher-student interaction at this facility. At times, I felt that the teachers were burnt out and were looking forward to Friday on a Monday morning. One of the teachers explicitly told me at 10:30 am on Monday that she can't wait for Friday and she is tired of hearing kids wining. ( I understand that we all have bad days, but at least keep such comments to yourself). My child is no longer attending this school and I encourage you not to be deceived by  the fake smiles that most the staff at La Petite Academy give you. There are at least 3 better daycares in the near vicinity. As a parent, please do your homework before enrolling your children in a daycare.
