2	This review is for the Arboretum store, which appears to be one of the few still open in Charlotte. While their bagels were OK, I was extremely disappointed with the service I received here.I stopped in on a Sunday morning, and to my surprise they didn't appear very busy. A few people sitting at the tables, maybe one person waiting for their order and one person in line behind me.I placed an order for a dozen bagels and requested they be sliced. I was told they could do that. However, as I was paying for my order, the girl handed me the same bag of bagels, informing me she checked with her manager, and they didn't have time to slice them for me. I pushed back that I really needed them sliced for the event I was on my way to, but again, my request was refused.Seriously? A bagel shop that won't slice your bagels? It wasn't as if I walked in unexpectedly when they were slammed, placed an order for four dozen bagels, and made some extravagant request.Having just done the same thing the week before at Bruegger's in Cotswold, where the girl happily sliced my dozen bagels and brushed off my apologies for the extra step (even though they actually were busy!), I was shocked at Manhattan Bagel's treatment and lack of customer service.Despite this bagel shop being a few minutes closer to my house than Cotswold, Manhattan Bagel has lost my future business.
4	Typical bagel shop.  Great coffee!  Good variety.  Gets slammed just about everyday.  They offer egg substitute or egg whites as well, so you can take in those extra empty calories in the bagel and save on the egg.
2	This place was pretty slammed for a Sunday morning.  Not exactly the way I wanted to spend my morning waiting in line (felt like I was being herded like livestock).... then it was a bit of a wait for my Ranchero Wrap.  It turned out to be good, but I was not a fan of the waiting and the whole setup they have going in there.Space is limited- they definitely nailed down the NY feel since it felt like I was on top of everyone and there is a long narrow room where the tables (not too clean) were set up.  Since I live in Charlotte, I value my personal space, so this place is definitely not for me - or at least not worth the drive from Matthews on a Sunday morning.
4	Quick, good, tasty, affordible. Lovr the cofre selection.
4	The bagels are always fresh and delicious.  Their might be lines at times, but it is worth the wait.  Their breakfast sandwiches are made to order with real eggs and are served hot.
4	The bagels here are on-par with Poppy's. Better than Panera. The coffee is pretty damn good. They have regular coupons monthly in the mail--use them! Only prob with this location is the indoor seating area. Very small, not cozy, and I always get take-out. They could renovate and make this place so much better.
5	Great breakfast!
3	Bagels here are step up from Panera, Brueggers, einsteins, etc.  Try to get mail coupons from here.The inside is very cramped, hot, and staff could be friendlier.
5	This is at the Arboretum in S. Charlotte.  Anyway, I ate bagels at this place when I was growing up on the way to high school 16 years ago.  It may have been called something different.  Upon recently moving back to the area, tried it again, and BANG!  Best Everything bagels ever.  All Bagels made in house NY style.  If you like inexpensive, delicious made in house bagels, youll love it.  This place is real deal.
4	I came in with my trusty Yelp Check-In coupon for a free bagel and cream cheese.  Expecting a plain bagel with plain cream cheese, boy was I surprised.First of all they use the same filtered water as any Manhattan/ Charlotte establishment, but they are able to recreate the chewy dough with a number of options you find in most NY bagel shops.  I tried the jalapeno and cheese bagel with garlic and herbs cream cheese. (Yes, the check-in coupon worked on this).  My wife got the less fancy honey whole wheat bagel but the Tijuana Hot cream cheese, which the employee indicated that it was definitely "hot, with a kick to it".  I agree, it does have a kick to it, but definitely manageable.  The tijuana hot was my favorite as it reminded me of a hotter version of pimiento cheese.They also offered various sandwiches, wraps, and other creations that were reasonably priced, but they are only open in the mornings till about 3-4pm depending on the day.  I will have to try the one in uptown for lunch one day.
1	Management has very poor customer service. Coffee is rarely filled and usually cold. If you want to feel appreciated as a customer you are better off going to Panera down the street. Id rather eat cardboard than give 2 cents to Manhattan Bagel.
4	Best bagels in Charlotte, definitely.  Great selection, great texture, fast and convenient.  I am thankful to have a turkey bacon option!I have a few nit-picks.#1-No sourdough bagels.#2, Their breakfast bagel sandwiches are expensive and the ratio of egg/cheese/bacon is pitiful next to a huge dense and chewy bagel.  Kind of skimpy for $5.#3, The checkout process is highly annoying on the weekends.  Order at one computer with one girl who doesn't know what she's doing, can't pay at that computer, snake around the counter to the next girl who is even less adept at cashing out to finally pay.  A streamlined system would be appreciated for those who can't spend 45 minutes paying for a bagel on a Saturday!
4	Good New York style bagels which we don't have a home.  Would get bagels from here again.
2	Ok. Staff is not friendly at all. Often coffee canisters are empty. Surprisingly long wait for a toasted bagel (5+ minutes). They never clean toaster or slicer so every bagel you get tastes like onion. So if you buy a dozen, I'd recommend slicing them at home.
1	I come get all the time and yes the bagels are very good but the staff could be a little friendlier. Also they had OVER an hour yet to close and they looked like they were closing.  The chairs were stacked on all the tables towards the back. You  don't start stacking you're chairs that early.  Where's the customer service.  There is none... and that's too bad because I really love the bagels there....
4	Love going here for a quick breakfast. The food has been excellent the two time I've been. Bagel, with an egg. Simple enough meal, but the taste is very good. Its fast service as well. Can't beat it for a quick breakfast in this area.
3	First time here, even though there was a line it moved quickly. Had the cinnamon toast sandwich and their holiday blend coffee. The coffee was horrible and whomever is responsible for making it needs more training! The coffee was watered down so much that it had absolute ZERO flavor! Messed up my morning coffee...sad that my first experience was a bad one.
