4	Nice soup here, their Thai Green Chicken is hot n' spicy and just the right side of nippy on the tongue. Good selection of sandwich rolls and fillings too, made to order. They have a selection of ready made ones too, which often feature combinations which are a little bit different. Handy for Greyfriar's Kirk, which on a good day is a nice place to relax and have your lunch outdoors.
4	I hadnt been here before a rushed lunch lead me past all my usual haunts and landed me smack bang at the back of the queue.It's pretty damn good, but  I have to say that It seems as though it has a pretty average selection of sandwich fillings. Theres nothing that really jumps out at you from the menu board - but its not like theres nothing that wont get your mouth watering. The fillings are usually pretty huge, and theres a nice selection of breads too.I think this place does breakfast and soups too, as well as cakes etc. Overall, its pretty cheap, which is always nice too :)
4	This is a cool wee sandwich bar indeed, both conviently located and selling tasty AM timed and lunch time wares.I think because sandwich bars are less of a one off place that you'll visit, and more of a regular everyday thing, particularly if you work in the area, it's important to find a decent place, and if it ticks the boxes, stick with it. Bobby's ticks several. It's easy to get to, being right on the main road and near Chambers St, Forrest Road, and George IV Bridge. It's also reasonably priced, and has a good variety of food stuffs to pick from, with bagels, toasted sandwiches, normal, not toasted sandwiches, and soup, all tastily filled and flavoured. The staff are super nice too, which always makes me more enthusiastic about handing my money over several times a week.
4	Bobby's Sandwich Bar is a vibrant, zesty wee cafe nestled near to our wee friend Greyfriar's Bobby.As the ladies have outlined, it's open till mid afternoon, so it's not one to amble into at the back of 4 for a pre dinner snack. But if you can shake off the covers early (or are forced to due to work commitments), they make a mean breakfast.Aside from selling a decent selection of teas, coffee, panini's and cake, their soup of the day is cheap and very tasty. As Lynsey said, you can go all out and treat yourself to some greasy spoon (the healthy soup cancels out the fatty fry, honest), and still find you spend little over a fiver.For the bright eyed and bushy tailed, Bobby's does the job. It's a thriving wee business that is no doubt the first stop for many office workers and students in the area.
5	The best tuna with sweetcorn baguette in Edinburgh.  Fact  The tuna sweetcorn baguette was my lifeline when I was in uni.  I used to buy cheesy Doritos from across the way and put them in the baguette.  No joke, I am actually salavating a little as I type this.  I don't know what it was but the sweetcorn was wonderfully fresh and sweet, tuna not too fishy, just right on the mayo, and the baguette was wonderfully crispy on the outside and gorgeously soft on the inside.  I am seriously starving now.  When I go back, I will be getting a bacon sarnie, as per Mary L's recommendation.  My only complaint is that it's only open until 2 or 3pm (at least it used to be) so I can't go there right now.
4	Bobby's served me very good soup and a very tasty roll, so is well worth a visit. An over-commitment to minimal waste resulted in them having no bags to transport my goods, during my visit, but I'm sure this isn't always the case!Overall, we said: "Bobby's served me very nicely. Both the soup and roll were very good, and the range of sandwiches on offer was such that your interest is likely to be well retained, should this be your local sandwich place. Now, if they could just get some bags so that folks can properly brown-bag their lunch, they'd have me stopping-by on a regular basis."
4	Bobby's Sandwich Bar provide good soup, a great selection of filled baguettes/rolls and a decent bacon roll at reasonable prices. Popular with those who work in the area you want to get in early to guarantee you get some soup and they once ran out of baguettes (hot BLT in a largish roll sufficed).The staff are friendly and happy to make things up for you, and there is always an interesting selection of music playing in the background while you queue or wait. All in all a great place to get your soup and sandwich.
4	This is a great sandwich place right on Forrest Rd. near the University of Edinburgh library and the National Library of Scotland. The staff is super friendly and the food is great. My favorite is the pate and cranberry sauce, and the brewed coffee there is the best in the city in my opinion. You'll pay a little more than you would at one of those baguette chains, but the quality is way better at Bobby's. The bread they use is fantastic too.
4	I love this wee place. Especially their lentil soup in the winter months, well in fact at any time of year. I've been a regular for a good few years now & the guys are friendly chatty bunch. They have a great selection of sandwiches, lovely home baking & make a decent brew. Does what it says on the tin with reasonable prices. What's not to like?!
