3	Under new ownership and new management. Just remember if you need an auto mechanic, and you choose this business, ask them about where their warranty work is honored or be prepared to come back to this business if anything is unacceptable. A decent attempt at running a difficult business.Vending machines in the abbreviated waiting area. Located in a complex with 'EZ Rims 4 Rent'. Examples of weekly specials include $150 for a 'fuel saver package' for new spark plugs, air and fuel filter replacement, and fuel injector 'service'. 'Free Brake Inspection'.Just talk to them at length, and get to know the hourly mechanic who will be doing your work. Don't just hand the keys over and expect miracles. They're only human, and humans have a hard time with miracles.
1	I've been there twice and got quotes for different things for my car and both of the quotes were pure lies.  I was quoted a price for Engine Mounts and their price came in over $1300 for the whole job, I went to another reliable auto guy and the same job came in at less than $700.00.  I was having problems with my fuses going on and off and was told it was my ignation and that for $400 they could fix it.  My mechanic told me that there was nothing wrong with my ignation.  Their pure ripoffs.  Unless your just getting a Smog test I would not trust them for anything.  They have bad reviews in all of their locations for a reason.
1	Call me a fool but I have been going to this place for about a year.  I started going there because they had good deals on oil changes and the staff seemed pretty friendly.  Well management has changed twice in a year and it's gone completely down hill.  Every time you go they do an inspection on your vehicle which seemed pretty harmless at first.  In fact it seemed like an added bonus because their the "experts" right, and they can see thing we don't notice?  WRONG!  Every time I went they found something!I spent $260 on a transmission sensor and gasket change, then the very next time I went they said I needed my water pump changed.  They quoted me one price, but while I was at home waiting for my car they called and told me that my thermostat was bad and it would cost more to fix.  They tried changing it but then said the car was overheating so they put the old one back in (I guess is wasn't bad after all).  The cost for that repair was about $450.My car has been running fine, but today I went in for am oil change and they said I have a leak from my water pump!  Again!!??  No way!  To make things worse the new set of staff members are beyond rude and instead of talking the guy prefers to point at the paper and ask "what does that say"?  I will never ever go back and I would not recommend this place to anyone.  Steer clear, they are rip offs and very rude!
