3	As far as take out sushi goes (of the sushi-shop style variety that seems popular in Montreal) this is one of the best. Cheap and generous portions (especially the lunch specials, holy cow they are great) and they commonly throw in an extra piece or two. As far as the actual quality goes it's quite average, not very fresh but definitely better than most quick takeout sushi places. One thing, make sure you get the order fresh, not from the fridge - it makes a big difference.
5	Really good sushi, always fresh and tasty!!I always order A La Carte and get the avocado, the rainbow and the spicy salmon roll. Bang! under 30$ for ~30 pieces of sushi. Highly recommended
5	Hi Guys;Well it is winter time and everyone looking to warm up .... Not the warm up in your mind guys .... I mean going out and have fun and enjoying a little taste of the summer.  Well, I was fixing my friend phone when I met an Ex- Sushi chef and I was hungry. So, I ask him if there is a nice sushi place in the area. He said, I make my own since he was so fussy about sushi. Well, I told him since his not going to invite me to his home what is the second best place. He said Royal Shusi on the corner is good which corner of Parc and Laurier. Since the recommendation came from Ex-sushi chef and I was hungry I decided to check it out.I went in it was a small place and a lot Japanese chefs. Well, decorated, the sushi picture looked tremendous to me. I said to myself calm down and be conservative and try small thing to see is really worth it. So, I decided to check the main aspect, Minso soup to test the group .... I asked them if they had Minso soup, I got a surprise answer. What kind, we have vegetable, Seafood and another kind. Well, since I am not that fully literate with the different kinds of Minso soup. I said one Vegetable Minso. In 14 minutes, I had the best soup I ever have,  lots of vegetable, zesty pieces of small carefully sliced bits of lemon ....it was so sweet and nice. Well, I got encouraged and decided to try the salmon sushi I order four pieces s of salmon sushi that came in 5 minutes about.  They served the sauce neatly the plate was nice, white pickled to perfection ginger, I dipped my piece of sushi in the sauce and took a bit. Well, I thought I was going to sing an opera ....... It was really out of this world.  Then, I order avocado roll was excellent.Well, it was all a la carte, bet pricy 18.00$ but really worth it. If you are sushi person you ought to yourself to go there .... Sorry, I am hungry again and I am going there, my mouth is watering ....C U.
5	I'm not a fan of Sushi,but when my brother convinced me to go out to "Sushi Royal" my mind was changed. Upon entering the restaurant I was greeted with great hospitality by the staff and it was an amazing environment. After ordering,  the wait was a little long but nothing to  complain about, even if it was the wait was worth it. The first bite of the meal I ordered was scrumptious. I recommend this place to anyone who isn't a big fan of Sushi, maybe this place will change your mind like it did mine and I'm definitely coming back.
4	A good place with nice helpful staff and the great quality of the sushi. Its fresh, clean, quick, but small space, suitable for take-out or group of 2.
