5	My trucks looked brand new when these guys were done with them. We did a full detail and window tint on them and it turned out great. They use high quality tint that looked as beautiful 3 years later as it did they day we brought the truck home. We just had our second truck done and are so pleased with how clean and shiny it is.
5	If you own a car that is older and you want it to look and smell new - this is the place.  Our 3 year old truck looks brand spanking new after these guys got done with it.  We also had them tint it and it turned out amazing ... again ... I say again because this is the second vehicle I have taken to them.  That is the main reason I went back - I could not believe how good both my vehicles turned out.  I had the window tint on the other one for about 3 years before I sold it and still to the day I sold it ... the tint was perfect.  They use only the top quality film, and do quality work.  I will keep going back and sing their praises all day long!  If you are looking for a detail job, or window tint, this is the ONLY place you should be looking!  Check out some pictures I took of my vehicles after they got done..
5	Just got my car back from being detailed, again Brad did an excellent job!  I have taken my Infiniti to Brad three times now and every time I am impressed with how great my car looks.  I always get the full detailing on the inside.  They clean the carpets, treat the leather, clean the dash, detail all the nooks and crannies on the inside, shampoo the trunk. We also have the exterior wash, wax and wheels detailed.  My car looks like it did when I bought it in 2005!  I highly recommend Brad and his team, they have never let me down.  Brad is always friendly, professional and accommodating to my schedule.  Thank you Brad!
5	Purchased a gift certificate for a complete detailing as a Valentine's Day gift for my husband.  The paint on his five year old black car was not looking great.  Lots of minor scratching everywhere and swirl marks from past poorly-executed wax jobs.  Brad was a pleasure to deal with in every way.  Very friendly and personable, and flexible with scheduling.  When he inspected the car originally, he expressed confidence that he could make it look great.  Like brand new, he said.  We picked up the car yesterday, and WOW.  Brad didn't overpromise.  The car looks brand new, inside and out.  Carpet and leather immaculate, and the paint looks like black glass.  All scratches and swirl marks gone!  You might find a cheaper detail job, but you won't find a better one.  I highly recommend Deluxe Detail.
5	I'm not the type of person to leave reviews, and this is my first one... ever. I get my car detailed every couple of months because I am a clean freak with an extra sensitive sense of smell, so I can say this with the utmost authority: This place is absolutely INCREDIBLE! My vehicle looked and smelled better than it did when I purchased it at the dealership! Their customer service is 5-star! I've already spread the word to friends and family, but I want to tell the world! I highly, highly recommend Deluxe Detail & Tint. They will not only meet your expectations, but they will blow them out of the water!
1	I never write reviews, but my experience today was so bad, I felt I had to write one.  I called Brad last week to inquire about re-tinting the back window on my car - the original tint which the dealership had put on when I bought my car new 11 years ago was peeling.  He quoted me $100, and said the process would take about one hour.  So I made an appointment and brought it in.  After waiting an hour, Josh came into the showroom, and said they couldn't get the tint off without scraping it off, which would ruin the rear window defroster.  I said no way would I agree to that. It was unacceptable.   I went out and looked, and pieces of tinting were hanging off the back window and all over the back seat.  He said they needed a sunny day to heat up the tinting, so they could get it off, and today was too cloudy.  Why didn't they tell me all this before they started the process, I asked.  So now my only choice was to drive around with my rear window looking hideous with pieces of old tinting hanging off of it, or else agree to let them scrape it off and ruin my defroster?  Brad said maybe I could see if anybody in the Valley had a steamer to steam it off instead of scraping it.  I asked him if he know of somebody,and he gave me the name of another company just down the road.  I called them, drove right over, and 2 1/2 hours later they had steamed off the rest of the tint, installed new tint, and only charged me $145.  It looked great!  Why on earth Brad doesn't buy a steamer, or at least tell people what to expect before they start to remove the old tint is beyond me.
5	Brad and his staff are extremely good at what they do!  I had my windows tinted when I bought my new truck, and they look great!  I also have Deluxe Detail seal & wax my truck annually and they always do a great job!
5	I like this car wash.  It reminds me of the one back home I used to go to. The owner is a really nice guy. The car wash is clean and everything thing in the bays works. It's nice that they have self service carpet shampooing.  I also had my truck window tint done here. I was happy with the price and quality of work. I will take my new car here to have the tint done.  If you want him to detail your car, I've watched him work and he was pretty meticulous.  I've seen a few guys bring in their classic cars to be detailed
