5	It is not a good feeling when you bump into your base board with the vacuum and you find out that it has been completely hollowed out by termites. I am so glad that I called Enviro Control! The young lady who answered the phone was so courteous and helpful. She ensured me that someone would come out immediately to do an inspection, and give me my options for treatment. The very same day someone was out at my house. They performed a thorough inspection, and they were very knowledgeable when it came to the termites. I am happy to report that my home is termite free! It was such a great experience that I signed up for pest control, so now my home is pest free as well! I would highly recommend these guys to any of my friends and family.
5	Came out the same day to inspect and treated the entire home the following day.  Could not be more pleased with the service and warranty.  Prices were incredibly reasonable.  Highly recommend to anyone.
1	Horrible company, don't waste your time. Amateur employees and management that doesn't know how to schedule.... Glenn the GM is a joke to talk to.... Worst investment I have ever made... Oh and all the good comments are from people that work there.. Not one good comment is from an actual customer.... Seriously
5	Respectful and made me feel comfortable.  I am recommending to my friends and family.  They combined my monthly pest control and year round weed control for a great price, no more HOA problems here!  Thanks!
4	John is great! With the recent fluctuation of weather, we've had a gnat attack. Living downtown and having a huge pool, we're prone to those heinous roaches too. It was time to call pest control indeed. He came back three times until we were satisfied. The level of customer service is top notch and highly recommended. The reason I've given 4, not 5 stars is due to the fact that the gnats didn't decrease until we purchased traps. We did just spot a small roach yesterday so that was disappointing but I know they can't all be gone forever.
5	Great price on weed control for my house.  Even spray warranty Round Up during my monthly pest control spray.  Good guys.
5	We had EnviroControl visit us again for a re-spray. I have a bit of a roach phobia and the recent weather has caused these little buggers to come out. My father saw one late at night and the next morning I called for service. John tried his best to make it that day but,due to a hectic schedule, he came the next day which was a Saturday. Once again, we received excellent service and we heeded his advice on an extra product to use. I can honestly say we will be exclusively utilizing EC for our future pest control needs! I'd also like to mention that this is a real review and not some fake accolade per the accusation made by another reviewer. I'm a real customer and I wasn't coerced , persuaded or bribed into reviewing. Any presumption of this sort is inaccurate.
