1	I am not very good at wrapping gifts without them looking rather messy.  So, for a recent special occasion, I took the gift (a book) in to Alligator Soup to have it professionally wrapped.  The store is crazy-packed with all kinds of generic gifts, greeting cards and such.  It was hard to even tell where the register was because the counter was so cluttered.  I was told it would be $7.50 for the wrapping and was shown some gift wrap to choose from.  I was very surprised at the limited choices of solid color paper, but selected one.  I was not asked about the occasion or the accompanying ribbon.  I was very surprised at the finished result - you could see the title of the book right through the paper.  I mentioned this to the lady helping me, but she just offered to move the bow.  No thanks!  I have had gifts wrapped at Papyrus before and the results were beautiful.  For $7.50, I would expect them to have a better quality paper or to at least double wrap it.  It felt like a rip-off and I don't feel as though the clerk really cared.  I wouldn't go back for anything.
1	Went in with my fiance for wedding invitations and was helped by the lady with the boy cut hair cut. I felt rushed and the lady made me feel like I was taking up her time.   She was rude to my fiance.  He quite simpy asked why the zip code wasnt included in the invitation.  She rudely responded "it just isn't". Common lady its our first wedding we don't know what the hell were doing.  She really made me feel uncomfortable and unwelcomed.  I wish I would have taken my business somewhere else and probably have a better experience.  I would never recommend anyone here.
5	My son and his fiancee recently went to Alligator Soup for their wedding invitations.  I need to thank Helen for taking her time and walking them through the maze of save the date cards and all of the additional enclosures that go with the invitation.  They both left feeling very good about their choices, and happy to cross this off their long list of to do items. This was even more special for us since 28 years ago Helen and Alligator Soup did my wedding invitations.
5	I can't say enough about Helen and her team at Alligator Soup! From start to finish, our experience was wonderful!  The save the dates, invitations, inserts and thank you stationary for our wedding in La Quinta, CA this past March were beautiful, reflected the old Hollywood theme of our wedding and the service was excellent. I would happily work with Alligator Soup any time!Thank you Helen and Team!Lisa Bassewitz
5	This was my favorite stationary store, and now they are my favorite place to order invitations too!  My husband-to-be and I came in for the first time together, and although they were very busy, they made time for us without an appointment.  We worked with Helen on our save-the-dates that first day, and the whole process was a breeze.  We came back and worked with Joann and Helen on the actual invitations and they were beautiful.  I booked so many things online throughout planning the wedding... it was so nice to sit down with people face to face who obviously care about making their part in your wedding look lovely. And they did an excellent job!  Thank you!
3	Alligator Soup is a cute little store located in the Chicago Fire shopping center.  Its filled with unique trinkets, from 3D pop up gift cards, stationary, to custom decorated flip flops.  The prices are a tad high but worth the price for such unique gifts!  This is a great shop to pick up a birthday gift or some Christmas stocking stuffers.
5	What a pleasant find. I stopped in this store because they carry my favorite journal. I took the time to browse on all of the unique trinkets and finds that they offer. I felt no sales pressure which encouraged me to browse longer. This is definitely a nice store to purchase unique quality items with a flair for yesteryear.
5	I used Alligator Soup for my wedding invitations and save the dates. Helen did a wonderful job helping me with proper wording for the invitations and did an amazing job addressing them for me. Both items turned out beautifully and I received a lot of compliments about how "simply elegant" they were which was exactly what I was going for. The store is absolutely adorable and fun to browse around in as well. My only warning is be prepared to do things the old fashioned way, i.e. go to the store and meet face to face and contact them via the telephone. They are not always quick to communicate via email which is some people's main form of communication in the digital age. If you can appreciate the old fashioned feel, which I thought was heart warming and adorable, then they are simply wonderful to work with.
5	I just received my save the date cards for my wedding.  They are perfect and I can't thank the ladies at Alligator Soup enough for their great customer service.  They helped me find and create the perfect cards with ease and were also very detailed oriented.  I will be back for my actual wedding invitations:)
5	Ordered our wedding invitations from here. Helen was such a help and even though we haven't gotten them in yet, I know they will be amazing. She is so knowledgable on how to word things and the timeline on when to mail them. Which helped me because I was kind of clueless about these things!She did our Accommodations cards and they turned out excellent, I cannot wait to see our invites! You will be in great hands if you decide to get your invitations here. They have plenty to choose from and the customer service is even better!
5	This is one of my favorite shops!  If you need a classy thank you card, bar mitzvah gift, cocktail napkins, hostess gift, you will find it here! Be prepared to stay awhile and browse.  If you need something a little special, just ask. They take the time to help.
5	Alligator Soup was recommended to me by my event planner.  From the moment I walked in, I felt very welcomed, even though I was late to my appointment.  Helen and Joann were so helpful!  I was looking for a wedding invitation that was a bit non traditional.  And after patiently looking through a few invitation books, I found the one!  Helen was very thorough in going over everything in the ordering process.  And Joann was so helpful with the wording.  When the invitations came in, they were absolutely beautiful, better than I could have imagined!  This was an awesome experience.  I will definitely be back for other things for sure!
5	Got our invitations and they came out perfect!! They are even addressing the envelopes for us so it is literally hassle free. They are great and we will definitely be coming here for our other paper goods needed for the wedding.
3	Nice shop, lots of gift ideas.  I was just in and my credit card was declined.  I went home and called the company.  I am not maxed out and my payment was not late.  The error was with Alligator Soup's system.  My bank said that the attempted charge never showed.  So it could not have been declined.  The problem was at the stores end. I did call the store and let them know what my bank said. If you are going to shop there take more than one card, or take cash.  Hopefully their problems will be resolved soon!
1	Let's start off with how crazy this store is ... So much unorganized things everywhere!! There is hardly any room to move through due to the small isles and un opened boxes laying around.   Had an appointment to get some wedding invites, when I arrived I was told to wait cause she was busy. What is the point of an appointment if I have to sit around and wait?? Anyways when I finally sat down there was hardly any communication of price, design, color or anything like that. I was handed a book and told look at that and book mark what you like. I found something I liked way out of my budget and was hope they had something similar cheaper .... The lady must have not known what she was doing cause she just kept showing me things out of my budget. I got so irritated I left with nothing, her lack of costumer service costed her many costumers!!! I will not recommend this place to anyone
3	Small gift shop featuring trinkets and candles, picture frames and optimistic phrases printed on various surfaces. Frankly, this seemed like a place old ladies might shop. In addition to the unorganized, oddball gift selections they also offer custom order invitations. Didn't see a particular brand they carried and they didn't appear to do them in-house by hand, but had several samples out to view.Prices are all over the place with various baskets of junk marked with clearance prices and high regular prices on items I can't imagine buying. Very bizarre selection.
5	My first visit to Alligator Soup was a wonderful experience.  I walked into this store to find a plethora of beautiful gifts....stationery, party invitations to be customized,  jewelry, home decor, plus helpful and unique items you may not find anywhere else.  One of the owners assisted me and she was truly delightful and attentive.  Ladies, this is the type of shop you can "get lost in" because there is so much to experience.  So, if you're wanting to enjoy an afternoon out of the house or if you're looking for a distinctive gift for someone, this is an enjoyable place to go.
5	Went there for a simple gift wrapping. Helen took care of me, and the wrapping came out perfect. I recommend.
1	Just stopped by and after I entered was told by an unsmiling woman that "We're closed, we closed at 6."  I noted it was ten of six and my item was quick. "I have three of six." was the response.  Understood. I am posting this as my iPhone says 5:56. Most importantly, there are other stores on the planet and an internet. I won't be back even if you actually decide to keep your posted hours.
5	This store is amazing, they did our save the dates and wedding invitations. The wedding invites turned out so beautiful they ended up using them at tradeshows as examples.  They were kind and incredibly patient with me, love them and would use them again!
