4	I just noticed this little shop so it must be relatively new.  I stopped in and had lunch here today and everything I had was delicious.  I had a fried oyster Po' boy, crawfish etoufee, some red beans and rice and a shockingly good sweet potato hush puppy.  This place still needs to get things in order as is common with almost all newer restaurants that open up but the staff is friendly and the food fills a void.   Menu items include fried or sauteed frog legs, fried alligator, gator sausage, many kinds of hot Po' boys, and seafood dishes.
4	This replaced a mexican food joint, and it sure was a great choice. I hope they can drive the traffic because their food is killer and its a great price.I walk in and ask what's good, she says everything, let me get you samples. She comes back with six little dishes of food for me to sample and it was all very good. I could have been full off of the samples but I got a meal which was the peace maker po'boy and the etoufee on the side. mmmmmMmmmm welcome to las vegas, im going back there :)
5	I look and what do I see " The New Orleans Connection". I rub my eyes to see if they are tricking me. ...RUB... Holly crap this place actually exists. I must enter and EAT. ....Pull...PULL...the door is locked!!!! Damn Sundays!!!! I must return.Well I finally made it Monday night. I surely hope the food lives up to my anticipation. I walk in to rather large dining room with the menu on the wall in the back. As I gaze at the menu I see alligator sausage (mmmmm), crawfish, shrimp, andouille, catfish, and Po' Boys.We started with the Gator Bites. Wonderful cornmeal breading fried and served with two sauces. This is actually the best deep fried pieces of gator I've had. Not even close to chewy. The GF decided to get the BBQ shrimp and Andouille ( comes with 2 sides and salad ). She chose the Red Beans and Rice and the Sweet Potato Hush Puppies. This was a huge meal. Loaded with shrimp and andouille. This almost came as a gumbo with rice an excellent Cajun sauce that had the right amount of seasoning and heat. WOW this was a wonderful dish. The red beans and rice were awesome but the Sweet Potato Hush Puppies are where it's at. I do not know how I have lived my life for the past 23 yrs with out eating these. Our server said her mom came up with the recipe one day. OMG these are worth a trip there alone. I got the Catfish plate ( comes with one side and a salad ), I chose the Jambalaya. The catfish brought back memories to the last time I was in New Orleans and I ate catfish at a restaurant right on the river with my great grandparents. It was fried perfectly with a wonderful cornmeal batter. The catfish basket had two huge filet's ( probably 8-9 in. each ). This was the best catfish I have had in a VERY long time. The Jambalaya was excellent as well. This was a lot of food. We took home our salads and some of our entrees. I eat A LOT and I was full. My whole family consists of Louisiana natives and some still live their. This food takes me right back. I cannot explain how authentic this is. For those of you out there that want to try some great food hit this place up. They also have Seafood, Cold, and hot PO' Boys for those a little less adventurous.  They also have Bread pudding, Peach Cobbler, and Rocky Road Brownies for dessert ( I will be back to try all three!! ).
4	Hit NO Connection today for late lunch.  Located in Target shopping center, next to the bundt cake bakery ( i didn't even look in there ! ) NOC is simple, cafe style, order at front counter then they bring the food to you.only 3 other people there when we order. GF went with crawfish etouffe, comes with a side and potato salad or green salad.  she went with the jambalaya side and the green salad ( for me ) - cost $14.  i went with the shrimp andouille sausage w/ cole slaw and a green salad ( low carb all the way ! ) also $14,  also ordered a side of alligator sausage ( $3 or $4 ) Minus 1 star !  This place is slow !!  it took 30 minutes to get our food.  But the food was very good.  My fav the alligator sausage and the sauce/broth  of my shrimp/andouille sausage.  it might be a little too heavy on the old bay seasoning but i loved it  ( gf agrees about the sauce )  - her crawfish was decent .  My only minor knock on mine, the shrimp were whole - head, tail, shell and all.  i don't mind it ala hot and juicy crawfish, but not how this meal was prepared and served.bread also provided and a couple of sweet hush puppies.I took a "to go" menu so in the future, i will call it in first then eat there or take home.  gotta try the gumbos and po boy's - soon, very soon !l
2	I hate to rain on the parade but I wasn't all that impressed... I've been to N'awlins (2008 Sugar Bowl) and this place didn't wow me nearly as much as I wanted it to. I tried to like this place, I really did. The crawfish etouffe was ok, the dirty rice was ok and I was really disappointed in the BBQ shrimp... The taste was ok but they only gave me like 6 shrimp!!! The bread was good and when I slopped up the BBQ shrimp sauce and etouffe, it kinda made up for the experience. I do like the fact that they sell Zapp's potato chips there though! Maybe next time I'm in town, I'll give it another chance...
4	hit the orleans connection last nite - group meal, served buffet style.  foods that i tried this visit that i did not try in the past - catfish - corn meal coating but still, very light, crunchy - tasty !alligator bites - also a corn meal coating but a little lighter than the catfish - "tastes like chicken " - lolbread pudding - strong brown sugar/cinnamon flavor - was about to give it very high marks, but hidden at the bottom, the one thing i don't like in a bread pudding - raisins !  overall, i like the place still find the location to be unusual.  also, some inconsistencies but the bottom line, it's worth an occasional visit.
3	yeah I went there yesterday (Sept. 27, 2008) had the Gator sandwich and fries. The food wasn't bad, tasted good, could have used some onions on the sandwich though.The restaurant it self could use some work. It was hot as hell in there, it didn't really have any "atmosphere"  Just a bunch of tables with red and white checker plastic cloths on them.I sat there and watched them lose more potential customers than what they actually had in there eating because there is no bell for you to ring to let anyone know your there to be waited on. The "workers" are all in the back cooking. So, people standing to have their order taken end up just walking out. You'd think the the restaurant wouldn't want that happening. Guess they'll learn eventually.
3	Here's the thing,  The food is outstanding.  BUT...1.  It is fairly expensive.2.  The service is slow3.  I don't like their fries.  Why won't they let me substitute one of many available sides even if i pay extra?  4.  the menu now has half the items and that is lame.5.  When i went there after they first opened, the service was exceptional, now it is almost like they are trying to go out of business.  I still have gone about 7 times and will continue to go.  You just can't find that food elsewhere.
