5	The range at Ballantyne is conveniently located on Harrisburg Rd in Indian Land.  Long awaited and needed for this area.  In the past you had to drive up to Matthews for a professional range if you didn't want to go all Desperado and shoot in your backyard (local laws may apply).Place recently opened and I must say they did it right.  It is gorgeous on the inside with all the things you'd expect at a high end firing range.  Cases of handguns for sale, apparel, and accessories.  I came for the range and was greeted by a member of the staff who took time to explain to me and my friend the deal and checked us in to the shop.  We had to provide our drivers licenses and sign the standard waiver.  We then went into the range area where we were greeted, once again by another member of the overly friendly and helpful staff who explained everything and asked us to watch the 7 minute long range info video before we went to our lane.  After the video we got our eye and ear protection, targets extra ammo and off we went.  Because of the type of ammo I had we had to go to the rifle range.  We were escorted in by a member of the staff and shown around.  They have the live fire video target system in the pistol bays which was cool and I will be trying on my next visit.  Each bay has a camera so that the Range Officer can watch what's going on and make sure everything is happening as it should.  This place is focused on safety which is wonderful.I'll say it again.  The staff here couldn't be more welcoming, friendly and professional.  They have a lounge which I found in the brochure afterwards, lessons and training classes which will offer all types of courses.  They even offer team building and can host corporate events which is something different for people to consider.  All in all I am happy that the Range at Ballantyne is right in my backyard.  It offers an affordable, safe place for me to fulfill my inner Eastwood.
1	Not impressed with these scam artists. I went to The Range at Ballantyne for the first time yesterday. After I got checked in and watched the safety video, I had to wait 10 minutes while they figured out which lane another customer was on so they could charge him. It was like watching the three stooges use a computer for the first time. Once I got on the range, I was happy to find that it was state of the art and had a good 30 minute shooting session using a pistol. Then the bait and switch happened. It is supposed to be $19/hr pistol, $25/hr rifle. When I was rung up, it came up as $25/hr. They said because I used FMJ I was charged the rifle rate. Pistols rate is only allowed if you use Total Metal Jacket (TMJ). Not once was this brought up until it was time to pay. Because they only allow full hour sessions and after tax, my 30 minutes of shooting pistol cost $27!!! NEVER AGAIN!
5	Absolutely love shooting here.I feel safe and respected. I find the staff to be friendly to the extreme. I was there opening day and purchased a year membership a month later.This is a place to shoot and learn to shoot. If you need minor help they are there. If you need a little more guidance than most, you can pay for some private lessons or to take a class at your skill level.In response to Mike P.; You obviously didn't read the range rules, which is posted online and posted inside the store in multiple locations.Yes, it's all about that bass! Money for smoke, noise and smiles.The Second Amendment is a right, so purchase, practice and stock up. "The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants."Thomas JeffersonThank you to the staff for a little elbow room on occasion, again I love shooting here.Reed
4	Bright and well lit showroom with several cases of pistols and a few displays of long guns available for purchase but I already have all the hardware I need, thanks. (Don't tell my wife that or she'll hold me to it.)The pistol range is nice and airy with decent insulation and baffling so that you're not constantly sucking down cordite and pressuring your ear drums with gunfire. Nice target retrieval system that worked quite well and I liked the walls of the pistol bay to keep the guy's .45 next to me from being too loud. Clean floors and easy sweep for brass.Range prices are a little high at $19/hour but it is what it is. They have a pretty healthy collection of range pistols that can be rented for a few bucks too. I only wish this place was closer to me. *sad face*
