5	Went here for the first time the other day and was impressed. Large park with a side for large dogs and a side for small dogs. According to the regulars, the parks switch off every month so there's no discrimination (i.e. no bigger/nicer park for large dogs or anything). The owners are all very friendly and eager to get  to know newcomers and everyone keeps a close eye on their dogs, which is greatly appreciated. Lots of rocks for climbers and even an agility training area if your dog can keep on task enough with all these other pups around. I wouldn't recommend sitting on any of these rocks though, these dogs pee everywhere. Overall, a clean friendly dog park for your puppy to play in. Definitely worth a visit.
5	One of the better dog parks you can find in vegas.It's on eastern and warm springs, going a bit down the warm springs road. The entrance is easy to miss so keep your eyes open! The vibe of the place is very friendly and welcoming. They have 4 dog parks in total, two are in use for one season and it switches off. With that, one dog park is for small dogs, and the other is for bigger dogs 45 pound and up!The community here is really nice. My dogs have yet to have a confrontation with another dog here. There are trashcans at every corner supplied with doggie bags, scoops, and rakes to pick up their poo pooooo. With that it's pretty much a perfect dog park.
4	This has become our go to park. The up keep of the park alone sets it apart. They switch the runs up on a monthly basis to allow grass to grow and all dogs a chance to play in a particular area.It's stinky at times and there are bad dog parents every so often but it's not as bad as some parks.There's a nice shaded area with cement picnic tables for the humans to relax and socialize. Water fountain for the dogs, if your dog is fond of puddles, watch out...this place gets muddy and wet with all of the water run off. Many of the humans bring balls to play with and buckets for water for everyone to use. There are poo bag stations as well as pooper scoopers to help with cleaning up after your furry one.See you soon at the dog park!
5	Great park for the area. I do wish owners would understand the staging area. If you leave your dog on a leash you gonna have a bad time. Between the gates is where you unleash. Do this so it gives your dog freedom and allows them to run and not start a fight at the gate with the other dogs trying to be social
5	Sunset has the best dog park on this side of town. I have a few that are closer, more convenient, and not as nice around me. When Momo is in need of some socializing, or ignoring other dogs to sniff, I take her to this one. The areas are large. More importantly, they are grassy. Instead of kicking up dirty with every high speed chase, these dogs can run on soft grass. Once they are tired, there are plenty of water buckets and comfortable places to flop down.All the owners are responsible and keep an eye out for their kids. I never have to worry about Momo getting into too much trouble. I keep a close eye just in case she sniffs the wrong butt, but almost all of the other canines have returned the gesture. There are three pens that are kept in rotation for maintenance purposes with one being closed at a time. The small and large dogs have their own space. Luckily, because Momo is way too curious about those she can fit in her mouth.
5	Favorite dog park in Vegas! I love that it has grass and that there are always water bowls - and even a little pool - available for the dogs. I also like that they rotate between the three areas because it seems like my dogs never get bored since they always have something new to sniff. For me, it's super convenient and most of the people I have met there are nice and willing to play with any dog that comes up to them.
5	It's nice, big, and mostly clean. There are plenty of places to sit. The only reason I don't like to take my dog there though, is that she eats the small branches and gets constipation. Troublesome husky...
5	Love this park ! Very easy to find and it isn't on sunset ! We came here on a weekday morning , not many people or doggies were there. Duke had a blast still. There's two section one for under 35 pounds and another one for the bigger dogs. There was plenty of room. It was very nice to have a few bowl for the pups around the park. There was also a mini plastic pool lolWe will be back soon !!!;)
4	Great dog park...first time here and I like it because they have a separate place for smal and big dogs.
5	Fantastic dog park day or night. Love to bring our two dachshunds here on a regular basis, they have a little separation anxiety so almost always follow the humans around, but it's a great place for them to socialize. 3 separate parks all fenced in, they use 1 for large and 1 for small, while the 3rd rotates and is closed to allow the grass to recover. Plenty of lost tennis balls and frisbees as well as several trash bins, fountains, and buckets for the hot pups to hydrate. People and puppies have always been friendly, great dog park and close to home!
4	Pretty nice dog park. Big area for the dogs to play and every time I have been by there are always dogs. I would watch which bowl of water you let your dog drink out of. My sweet boxer baby got sick from drinking some dirty water there. Other than that, I like this park and it's close to my house so we will be back soon.
5	This dog park really is about as good as it gets for the Las Vegas area.  Large grass area for the dogs and plenty of places for humans to gather.There are (3) sections to the park, two of which are open at any given time.  They rotate the closed section so it is rehabilitated and not over used.  The two open sections are divided by dog weight (under/over 35lbs)...so that is great.My three American Eskimos go crazy at the mention of the word "Dog Park", so that's what's most important to me...they love it.  I've always been impressed by the quantity and quality of the other dogs and their owners at this park.  The area is large enough that there could literally be 50+ dogs there and it is not the least bit crowded.One other thing I love about this dog park is that it is extremely well lit and open until 11pm.
4	I like how there is grass at this park. It's nice and huge and it seems like people come here with their dogs at all different times of day, which is a plus. The only thing I don't like is that the dog water fountain could be better. I really don't like how you have to lug a pail and fill it up. I've seen better ways to keep dogs hydrated. Anyways go for it!
5	Love this dog park. Best one in Vegas when it comes to size and freedom for the dog. Very crowed and busy so it always keeps everyone up and going. Sad part is the owner and dog can sometimes be very messy and rude. There is no really enforcement when dogs are not the right size in the park or the dog itself can be a little rough and hurtful to other dogs. Other then that. I still love this place and people are always talking an getting to know each other then there cell phones.
