5	MWC is a relaxing place from the minute you walk in the door!  They offer yoga classes that fit into everyone's busy schedule and weekend retreats which focus on self care, and well being.  The class  and workshop/retreat sizes are small so it's more welcoming and a more personal experience.
5	The MWC is definitely an oasis in our busy lives. Check out their schedule and attend one of their programs for an overall good feeling!
5	I just attended my first yoga class at McLeod Wellness Center. It was NOT easy to find! A little more instruction or "clues' of what to watch for when I called to make my appointment to sign up (ex: Turn when you see building NO. 6240, OUR building is in the BACK, not visible from the street.) would have been most helpful as I almost turned around after going up and down the street for 15 minutes...I almost missed this wonderful place!! Karen taught the class and it  was such a wonderful, unexpected surprise! She was so kind, and really knew her "stuff". Upon walking in, I was offered a wonderful Chai Tea (iced), and they also have cucumber water, or hot tea. I sat in a lovely waiting room with a very relaxed atmosphere, relaxed lighting and spa music. You can tell this was very well thought out. The room, or studio itself is very small but fortunately the class was small so it worked out fine. She took some time to find out what some of our issues were and tailored the class to suit our needs which was AWESOME. She incorporated a tiny bit of reiki (again, SO cool), aroma therapy (smelled amazing! The oils were from a company called "Tree Of India"), and she used this beautiful  bowl/chime at the end of the session, which  gave out an exquisite vibration. My goal for the week: Learn about those chimes! I loved it!Their prices are on the high side, but the quality of personal attention and genuine care and knowledge I received from Karen tells me, in the long run it will be an excellent investment in my  health and well being.  I purchased a living social coupon to try them out, which made my initial introduction to this place very affordable...I never imagined potentially spending a lot on my  yoga practice, but after attending ONE class, I do believe I will purchase their three month unlimited program.I'm going back again tomorrow (Sunday) for their Yoga and Meditation class. Can't wait to see what other surprises are in store!
5	TJ J. has it spot on. This place is the best! I am just getting started with yoga and I can't imagine going anywhere else. The classes are extremely small (and, consequentially, not intimidating at all) and the instructor and staff are delightful. I have been to other places where yoga is a giant scary class with 40 other people, which makes it sort of daunting to get started...not so here. The personal attention and the good energy are unbelievable! You will leave class feeling the best you ever have :) Really, do yourself a favor and check this place out.
5	This wellness center is three things: quality, quality & quality.  I had the pleasure of taking my first class at this studio with Karen and I sincerely feel like a new man.  If you read any of my reviews, I only take the time to write about outstanding companies or services.  Thus this review.  I can't recommend classes here enough.  I sincerely feel great. The McLeod Wellness Center gets a "Run, Don't Walk Award."  Enroll and get here as soon as you can.
