4	I liked this place a lot, though it wouldn't be for everyone.  It's pretty out of the way, down Paradise almost to the airport, and very easy to miss - in fact, we drove by it once even after we figured out where it was because we thought there would be a driveway facing the street, but you actually have to turn a little early to get into their parking lot.  Paradise is one-way there, so you have to circle around if you miss it.Once inside, we were literally the only people eating there.  I kind of felt like I had interrupted a private conversation when we walked in - the two women in the back of the room looked as us as though they weren't sure why we were there.  Once we were seated, though, they were very friendly and willing to make suggestions about what to order.I've had Ethiopian before, so I ordered the kitfo, and my friend went with a beef stew entree (not sure what it was called, but it was the third one down on the main entrees list).  His was the winner among the two - the kitfo was good, but the beef stew was excellent.  We ate it all the way down to the injera bread, and then ate all of that too!The portions were large compared to other Ethiopian restaurants I've eaten at.  Two entrees was more food than the two of us could eat.A few other people came in while we were there, though a few were lost and looking for the club next door.  By the time we left I think one or two other tables were occupied.Overall I liked it a lot and would recommend it.
3	Cottage Cafe is an interesting experience.  Let me say undoubtably, the food is fantastic.  It's not the food that is.... well.... odd. I've been to this place a few times, and the experience has always been the same. Once you find it (as the other reviewer said, it is easy to miss on Paradise), you enter to find a nicely decorated place.... and..... no..... people.  Well, not completely true.  Two of the times there were several limo drivers huddled together, watching something on tv and eating. no one greets you when you come in, and it has often felt like I'm entering someone's home when I wasn't invited. Though the wait staff is friendly (sort of), there is this air that they aren't thrilled to be dealing with you. However..... once the food comes, all that weirdness evaporates into the ether and you enter culinary heaven.  So, if you're up for a weirdish social experience as a precursor to wonderful ethiopian food, check it out.
4	Third time out this month eating Ethiopian! We're definitely getting around!Cottage Cafe is about a block away from the Hofbrauhaus, and like the other yelpers mentioned, pay attention when you're driving there.  It's on the right, and you'll see a sign for a Pirinha night club first, and Cottage Cafe is next door to the left of that.  However, you need to turn into the parking lot before you drive past the club, otherwise you're stuck and have to make you u-turn somewhere.  A few people hanging out when we arrived on a Friday evening for dinner.  We chose a table by the right side and noticed how much more lighting there was at this restaurant (as opposed to the other two we've been to).  There was this annoying blue light though directly across from me, it was just a tad too neon.We have our favorites and so this is what we ordered: * Vegetarian Combination "A combination of alicha, collared greens and lentils." ($9.90) - I was concerned that there would be only three items in this combo, but  not so!  They had split lentils in red sauce (good, but a bit different from what we've had), green salad, carrots and string beans, steamed cabbage and potatoes, yellow bean thing (that we really liked here, better than the other places), beets and potatoes, yogurt, and collared greens.  So, there was definitely a nice array of things to choose from.* Kitfo "Finely chopped, USDA choice lean beef with spiced butter and mitmita - hot pepper." ($8.90) - When we ordered this dish, we made a point of checking with the waitress to be sure it was going to be raw beef.  And we went over it a couple of times and she assured us it was raw.  I still had my doubts because I don't think she understood us.  Well, when the dish arrived, our kitfo looked like cooked ground beef.  The Husband and I asked the waitress again if this was the kitfo, the RAW beef, and she said it was!  I was in disbelief and knew my eyes were not fooling me.  Finally, another waitress came over and asked us if we wanted the raw beef, and we said yes.  So they took it back and changed out the beef.  It didn't seem to be a problem for them, I just don't think the waitress understood us at all.  The kitfo was good, not quite as spicy or buttery as Merkato's version, but still good.It was the perfect amount of food for two people.Service was fine - the waitress refilled our glasses without asking and brought out more injera (spongy flat sourdough bread) just as she saw we were needing it.  A few other people came in to dine during our visit there.  One gentleman asked if I wanted to join his party for coffee, but I passed.  (I think he was trying to pick me up despite the fact that I was with the Husband!)     3.5 starsCash only.
1	I had quite the dining experience at Cottage Cafe. Where to begin...When we walked in the front door, the only people in the place were the staff. They watched us as we stood there, only approaching us after we seated ourselves. Since we had never had Ethiopian food before, we asked for some recommendations. The waitress spoke so softly that I could barely hear what she was saying, but we ended up ordering drinks and three entrees: lamb, beef, and this bean dish. After we ordered, a man came in and placed a to-go order. About 20 minutes after we ordered, he got his food and left. About 15 minutes later, we finally got our food. The lamb and bean dish were very good, but the beef was not. First of all, there wasn't really any beef. We got these chunks of bone, most of which looked like sections of vertebrae, that had a few small pockets of meat buried in the gaps, but that was about it. Second, one of the sections of bone had a few ribs still attached. Normally I wouldn't mind, but considering I have seen beef bones before, I know that THESE WERE NOT FROM A COW. These ribs were small and I am convinced they were probably from a dog or a cat. When we asked the waitress about the beef, she just said, "Yes, the meat is there." Odd.After we finished eating, the waitress didn't come to take the plates away for a good 20 minutes. After we sat there for another half hour or so, she finally brought the bill. I tend to look over restaurant bills before paying, and in this case, I thought that one of the line items was more than was listed on the menu. We asked the waitress if we could see the menu, so she obliged, but as she picked up the menu, she immediately went back into the kitchen where we could hear her arguing with the chef. She came back to our table, set the menu down, and without hesitation told us that one of the line items was mistakenly overcharged. She proceeded to correct a separate line item from the one I had noticed. I then checked each price on the bill against the prices listed in the menu and found that EVERY SINGLE ITEM WAS OVERCHARGED! I have to give them credit for not even try to be discrete about ripping us off. Anyhow, she took the bill back into the kitchen to correct it and didn't bring it back for about five minutes. It appeared she was arguing with the chef again. Maybe we were just being paranoid, but when we got the correct bill, we paid with cash. I had this feeling that paying by credit card would result in a slew of suspicious charges. I wouldn't be surprised to find out this place is a front. Meatless meat dishes and shady service aren't the traits of a restaurant that cares about customers returning. Who knows, maybe they just tried to take advantage of us since we weren't Ethiopian. Regardless, dine at your own risk.
1	As I have noted in other reviews, I am a recent transplant from Venice Beach, CA and have decided to dive right into the scene!In LA, there are tons of wonderful Ethiopian restaurants to choose from, so I have been checking out what Las Vegas has to offer.  I began my journey at Meskerem last week (see my review) and decided to check this place out. I read a post ( don't think it was on Yelp) that said that Cottage Cafe was better than the spots in Little Ethiopia in LA. That's a bold statement! Needless to say, I had to see what the hot fuss was about.I called my order in as I know that Ethiopian joints can some times have service that is SSSSLLLLLLOOOOOWWWWW! I placed an order for the vegetarian combination and the lamb stew. An order like this from most Ethiopian restaurants is typically enough food for me to make into about 6 meals. Perfect as I do not want to cook in 105 degree weather! The first woman who answered had to get someone else to take my order as she could not understand the simple phrase, "I'd like to place an order to go".... Anyway, I ordered (with a bit of apprehension) and proceeded to head over thinking that surely my food would be ready by the time I got there. I live in Green Valley and the restaurant is around the corner from UNLV. You would think that that would be enough time....Of course there were no customers in the place when I got there (about 9 pm on a Thursday night) and the chicks behind the bar looked put out to have a paying customer walk in the door. When I said that I was there to pick up my order, one frowned up at me and asked what it was and proceeded to write out the ticket and take it back to the kitchen. HELLO! The point of calling it in was so that it would be placed and ready for me to pick up! The other chick never said a word and just disappeared into the back somewhere! Wow!After standing at the bar and watching an episode of Real Housewives of NY on their big screen TV, I finally got my order. Long story short, for $23 bucks, I was expecting more food, more flavor, and some form of service ( a simple 'Hello" would have been nice)!When I got home I was pretty disappointed. The portions of veggies were way smaller than I am accustomed to, and the lamb was way dry. Unlike one reviewer, I know it was definitely lamb (not dog or cat meat like he said---tee hee hee :-)), but the bone to meat ratio was pretty high and I had to add my own Ethiopian spices to it! Don't know how anyone could give this place more than 1 star, but I would avoid this place at all costs!  Never again will I return. For the first time in my life, I am NOT looking forward to the left over Ethiopian chilling in my fridge. Being tipsy helped it go down okay last night. Might have to try that again for the remainder!
5	I've eaten here probably more than 30 times, since I used to live next door.  It's my favorite Ethiopian food (and I've eaten at dozens of Ethiopian places), and it's my favorite restaurant of any type in Las Vegas.The food is simply exceptional.  The injera is thick and moist, and the vegetables are spiced to perfection.  The portions are generous, too.  Sometimes I can't finish the Veggie Combo, which is saying something, because I'm *always* able to finish any meal at any other place.But you can't go here expecting American-style service.  It's a genuine Ethiopian place, run by Ethiopians, and their style is waaay laid back.  There are no hours posted on the door, and the opening and closing hours can change at whim.  (Sometimes open until midnight, sometimes not.)  The place will be mostly empty when you arrive, and they won't seem all happy you're there when you walk in.  The waitstaff might speak little English.  The service can be a little slow.  You might have to explicitly ask for the check rather than waiting forever for it.  None of these things is especially unusual for an Ethiopian place, though the more successful places are more "Americanized" and give the kind of experience you're used to.  This place, on the other hand, serves primarily the Ethiopian immigrant community of Vegas, not tourists.  If you have the proper expectations, I think you'll have a good experience.  But if what I've described is outside your comfort zone, this place isn't for you.I almost gave it only four stars because the service won't be what many people will expect, but I decided that the service issues aren't really "wrong", they're just different.  I've certainly never been disappointed by the service myself.  And I wanted to give five stars because the food is just really, really good.  I've wondered whether I'd get tired of it if I ate it every day.
5	Was over at the Double Down and wanted to get something to eat while waiting for a band to go on. My friend recommended we check out Cottage Cafe. Although we arrived as they were closing up for the night, the owner was extremely kind and offered to let us order something. It was like super VIP, we had the place to ourselves, and were treated like regular guests, not rushed. We ordered some spicy beef and lamb with veggies to split. And had to get some Ethiopian beer to wash it down. I had no idea what to expect and was thoroughly satisfied when the food came out. My first time eating here and I will plan on coming back again. The taste and portion you get for the price is great, you can't beat it.I'm curious to try breakfast next time. I'm a fan and have already recommended some other friends to try it.
4	As a number of others point out, the place tends to be pretty empty save for some occasional Limo drivers. That's too bad, since the food has always been great when I've gone and it's in a fun neighborhood. It's true the service has sometimes been slow, but it has also always been friendly enough and I suppose I've never been in a rush. I try to go here whenever I'm in Vegas.
4	When you walk into Cottage Cafe, you forget your in Sin City, you forget your only a stonesthrow from the Vegas Strip.............  I love that about this restaurant.The food is fantastic.  I have eaten at many Ethiopian Restaurants and the food here is authentic and delicious.  The Awaze Beef Tibs ($8.90) are our favourite, paired with the Vegetarian Combo ($9.90)And talk about value for money!! for 2 people who can eat large, you can be FULL off $20 with a doggy bag to take home.  You cant find or beat that anywhere near the Strip. We will be regulars here.
