4	Came in here because I saw the word "cheesecake" & had to. (Haha) Very cozy and well decorated cafe. Very clean as well. The owner was there & was kind. We left with 2 cheesecakes from the case. Both were yummy! So rich & creamy! We will be back for random cheesecake cravings or to order cheesecakes for events.
4	Glorious gourmet cheesecakes up in here- go out of your way to find this tiny spot on the Northwest side, because the product and service are worth it if you have a sweet tooth! Interior is decorated like a vintage kitchen, cheesecakes span 20 different flavors (usually about nine available at a time), and the service is topnotch: Kathy will engage you in the story of the company and the family history of the recipes, just ask! Special order cakes available with 24 hours advance notice.The flavors I selected were raspberry white chocolate cheesecake and Kahlua cheesecake- they're both phenomenal! Flavorful, creamy, with a crumbly homemade crust, and just the perfect amount of sweetness. I will need to return for the mint chocolate flavor- I would have bought the whole case if I could, they all looked amazing.
4	When you look hard enough, there are some amazing mom & pop shops to be found in Las Vegas. Although a bit different, as this is more of a mom & daughter team, Gotta Love Cheesecake is a truly one of a kind spot...The owners, mom Kathy, and daughter Heidi moved to Las Vegas from Michigan to make reality of their mother/grandmothers dream to open a bakery. They've set up shop in the Northwest part of the valley just off Ann & Rainbow. In fact, this review is a little bittersweet for me as they've taken over the exact same spot where Legends Cafe used to be. Sadly another great mom & pop that shut down due to complaints from neighboring residents. But luckily, Gotta Love Cheesecake aren't going to be running a smoke pit outside and are hopefully here to stay!If the name didn't give it away, this shop is a bakery that focuses much of its attention on fresh, scratch made cheesecakes. Over 25 flavors are available, including seasonal selections, and they rotate daily. They come standard in a 4" personal size for $5.95, but can also be custom ordered in a couple different larger sizes (8", 9" & 10"). For custom orders, they only ask for 24 hours advanced notice, and while not directly advertised, Kathy & Heidi said they'll also do just about flavor request, even off the menu.Now, if you're looking for something made in a factory, frozen, shipped and then thawed on location *ahem Cheesecake Factory*, this isn't the place for you. Every cheesecake is scratch made from bottom to top. Starting with the crust, which I think is a signature for them. It's thick, buttery and adds bother flavor and texture to the cheesecakes. The filling itself is silky, smooth and has the perfect creamy texture. It's also very flavorful, especially when you go with something more bold, like the chocolate mint. And depending on what you order, you'll get even more flavor with yup, you guessed it, scratch made toppings. You can really taste the love, and respect the time they put into their classic family recipes. What's even more exciting, at least for cheesecake or even overall sweets lovers like me, is that they're continuously looking to branch out with new flavors. Rumor has it there might be something with maple, maybe even a bacon & maple on the horizon. I may or may not have it had a little influence on that one. ;)Gotta Love Cheesecake isn't only making spectacular cheesecakes either. They also rotate different daily treats including scratch made cookies, dessert rolls and other baked goods. And if that weren't enough, they also serve up coffee and over half a dozen fresh loose leafed teas. Top all that off with some of the absolute friendliest service you can find, and a nice homey feeling little shop, this is a must try spot, regardless what side of town you're coming from.
5	Words cannot even describe the amazing customer service I received!! I am seriously beyond floored and so happy to come across genuine amazing people! Thanks to Gotta Love Cheesecake I was able to surprise my friend with cheesecake for her birthday which is her favorite...despite the bakery being closed! Yes you read that.. closed! I called a few days ago inquiring about cheesecake order for today and even though they were closed.. they still took my order and made EXTRA for me and met me at the bakery just for me to pick them up!! We had the regular...Raspberry and chocolate chip ones. All 3 were delicious!! Thank you so much for the tasty cheesecake and amazing customer service!
