5	I have been getting massages on and off my whole life. At first, I thought that they were supposed to be relaxing and help you unwind, but little did I know the benefits of an exceptional massage until I starting going to Tina at Hands 4 Healing. First of all, this is not a hot stone massage or a "spa" massage, this is what I like to call a "fix me" massage, or as the website refers to it, "correcting connective tissue". This massage is to help whatever aches and pains you have accumulated, she works on people with fibromyalgia and professional athletes - all with the aim to help heal your muscle woes.Tina has the uncanny ability to feel out whatever muscles are problematic and release them. Now, this is not always comfortable AT the time, but afterwards it is blissful. She mainly uses trigger points to release all the knots and tension in your body. She is extremely knowledgeable too! She knows how your lymphatic system works with your muscles and skeletal system and will explain everything she is doing and why. This is honestly the only massage where I go in with back problems and have my stomach worked on...and its great! You can immediately feel that her techniques work, either through intense heat release of your own body, or simply through slowly feeling all the tension drain from your problem areas. I recommend Tina and Hands 4 Healing to every person that asks me if I know a good massage therapist. She has extremely reasonable rates for what you're getting ($70/hr or $95/1.5 hours...currently there is a $10 discount if you pay with cash or check).  I know that you can get discounts on some coupon sites, but I have yet to experience another therapist as thorough, knowledgeable, and friendly as Tina, so I will gladly pay the extra money and benefit from what I paid for!
5	Best massage I've ever had. Tina really digs down and listens to your body to determine what should be done. It hurts like heck while on the table, but the relaxation after is amazing. I feel so much better now! Tina is great! She is really enthusiastic about her work and keeps you involved.
5	Tina is a very solid massage therapist that I have been working with for over 2 years. I feel great after I am done and she helps to prep me for my workouts and ufc events!
5	Not only is Tina extremely knowledgeable about how the muscles intertwine and interact throughout your body, she is very friendly and a pleasure to visit. After a session with Tina, I feel wonderful!
5	I got lucky today. My wife and I are off of work this week on a "stay-cation". One of our goals has been to get a massage. We do not have a masseuse and I just searched online and at Yelp. I chose Hands 4 Healing mostly because it was close to my home. I made a reservation for both of us.My wife went first. She came out looking ecstatically happy. I went next. Tina is extremely personable and she has hands of steel that are remarkably gentle. I had a deep tissue therapeutic massage that has left me feeling spent but totally balanced. I had no idea that I was as tense and knotted up as I was, but Tina was able to release almost every tightness and tension that I had been holding on to. I'm a little sore, but it hurts so good. My point is that this is an amazing business and Tina is the best And most focused masseuse that I have ever experienced. We will be a clients for life.
5	Guys, if you have any knots in your muscle and you need them gone, this is the place. Correcting connective tissue is the point here. Tina knows what she is doing.
5	Just go...seriously...Tina is a genius around the body. I got thrown from a horse less than two weeks ago...suffered some pretty good injuries to my shoulder and back...and she just took an hour and made me feel incredible.I was in town on business from San Francisco...and will make sure she is a repeat stop my next time. Hell, I'd come back just to get another hour with her...she is that good.
5	I booked my appointment with Tina over a month ago, based on reviews here on Yelp, and I wish I booked my 2nd appointment at the same time.Holy Wow!During the past 10 years, I've broken myself from car accidents, sitting at the computer, snowboarding accidents, etc. I've had massages, Rolfing, Manual Therapy, Feldenkrais from various practitioners in Phoenix, Truckee and Reno. I had been looking for the practitioner I went to 8 years ago at D-Stress Zone, but still haven't been able to find her :-( when I came across the reviews for Tina. Damn, I was in for a serious life changing experience. My body's pretty messed up, from years of mistreatment. To heal myself, I hike Camelback (one of the only reasons I like Phoenix), practice Bikram yoga religiously (which helps), but Tina's corrective tissue massage (with her elbows) and cupping technique are definitely putting me in the right direction to finally heal myself. It's painful (in a good way) and if she's going too deep, either breathe it out, or tell her, "Tap Out" if it's too much. She'll talk you through the muscles and her techniques while she's releasing the tension in your body.  If you think you're in for a massage that will put you to sleep, you're wrong. I wanted to sleep, but her candor and my willing to learn what she's doing, kept me enthralled throughout. I have to wait 5 weeks before I get to see her again, *sniff*, but damn, I know good, and she's definitely exceeding all my expectations.
