4	Early on, I asked City Market why they weren't on Yelp.  The immediate reply was, "What is Yelp?"  After trying to explain everything that Yelp is, I was given the brush off.  And now they are promoting some kind off Yelp wannabe.  Well, too bad City Market, I've added you to Yelp and this is your review.  I even added a business photo; it's not bad.The sandwiches are good and there's a nice variety.  They run daily specials with a drink, and the menu is presented on flat screen TVs.  And not too long ago they dropped their prices.  Bores Head products are a big deal.   They also offer some convenience store items.  The main reason I go is because it is about forty feet from my office.  Everyone goes to City Market when time is short or they are being lazy.City Market is located In SkySong, and isn't visible from the street.  Other than the denizens of SkySong, I wonder who else comes, especially with the delay of a page on Yelp.
5	This is a great place to get lunch if you work in Camelback village. The owner remembers the repeat customer's names, they make good food, and the prices are reasonable. Overall always a great experience!
4	Reliably good for breakfast, lunch, coffee or catering. My favorite is the Chicago Dog - excellent! One time they even reheated food we had purchased from another caterer. Highly recommended!
2	17 minutes for a cold sandwich.  People who ordered after me got theirs first and no apology for it taking so long just left a bad taste in my mouth. The employee looked at me like it had not been almost 20 minutes for a to go sandwich
1	I wanted to update my review to a 1 star after trying once again to order lunch here. Now I can not only say the food takes way too long but some of the employees are incredibly rude. A young tall guy maybe around the age of 20 acted unprofessional and absolutely rude that I just can't go back. This place obviously gets business because of the people working in the offices. If it weren't for them I don't see how this place would stay in business
