5	My husband and I stayed here for a weekend getaway. What a neat place! It's a european style hotel (read very nice but smaller rooms). It used to be a monestary back in the day. Built around the turn of the century, it has neat large old molding and furnishings. Owner was very nice, offers complimentary wine in the evening and good full continental breakfast. All of that for only $135 a night! A short ride from everything. Includes free parking.
5	I was so lucky to stumble upon the Priory! I came to Pittsburgh for a conference. The Westin at the convention center was booked, so I had to find alternative lodging and came across this place. I love this hotel.  The historic building is beautiful.  The beds are comfortable. The staff are very friendly and helpful.  They have a wonderful free continental breakfast in the morning.  It's near bars and restaurants, a nail salon, and a grocery store (I was surprised to find that beer is not sold in grocery stores in Pennsylvania.  Luckily, you can buy a variety of chilled beers at the front desk, which is open 24 hrs). The local pizza place delivers until 2 am.  It's walking distance to the Andy Warhol Museum.  Also, it's only a 2 minute drive from the convention center and much cheaper than the Westin.  I paid $105/night. The tv was very small and the water pressure was weak, but everything else exceeded my expectations.
5	We love the Priory!I don't remember how we found this place, but I feel so lucky we did.  A beautiful restoration of a lovely old building, the Priory is a comfortable, tasteful, beautiful hotel in a convenient part of the city.  We found the staff to be very friendly and accommodating, plenty of help and advice for weary holiday travelers, always delivered with a smile.  We will return to the Priory.
1	I really wanted to like this place. Great reviews and a renovated priory--what a great idea! The pictures on the website are beautiful.We found a grumpy old man at the front desk, and he could not have been less interested in our arrival. It felt like we were disturbing him to ask for our room key. But the fun started when we returned later in the evening. We found the rollaway we had requested (and paid for) not present, and I went back down to the old gentleman. He stared at me and then went back to pecking at his computer. I waited. Suddenly he looked up at me and started yelling, something to the effect that there wasn't anything that he could do, and that he would see if someone could do something but probably not. He also angrily admitted that the reservation did show the rollaway.I slunk away with my guest who had by now come down, too, embarrassed and insulted. It shouldn't be this way. If this is personalized service, I'd rather stay at a motel.Even without grumpy old man, there's nothing special about this place. The rooms were ok, but the bathrooms tiny (I guess they should be called showerrooms). Everything else was sub-par. The dining room breakfast was served in was tacky and the coffee awful. We did not dare try the free wine. The hotel is in a bad neighborhood.For the money, find a special at the William Penn on the Omni Hotels website. If you want a boutique hotel, try the Inn on the Mexican War Streets--a beautiful building with friendly owners just across from the National Aviary and that beautiful park. The Priory does not feel boutique and is not worth the hassle.Priory, get grumpy old man out of a customer-facing role.
3	the hotel itself is really beautiful... the room was large.. i believe we had a king bed. there did seem to be mold? on the ceiling.. which we told them about just giving them a heads up and they said it was something else.. okay... water damage and then black stuff around it.. not mold ? the neighborhood is kinda sketch. i don't think it is worth the 200 and some dollars we paid for a night. ouch. the location is pretty nice.. not too far from much.. about a 5 min drive to downtown
4	My wife and I stayed at The Priory when we went out to Pittsburgh for Superbowl weekend. The hotel is beautiful inside and out. We don't normally stay in nice hotels, so we were surprised by how nice it was, especially the extremely comfortable king-sized bed. It made for the perfect romantic getaway in a hectic weekend filled with bars, parties, and souvenir shopping on The Strip.There are some things you should know before you book at The Priory, however. The hotel is right across the street from a housing project. There isn't enough parking, especially if The Grand Hall is hosting a wedding when you arrive. If you get a room that is street-adjacent you may be woken up by sounds like people talking or shoveling the sidewalk. Overall, none of these things bothered me that much (aside from getting woken up by the snow shoveler, but I suppose that was better than cracking my head on an icy sidewalk later!). However, if you're the type of person who gets easily annoyed at minor inconveniences or gets uncomfortable around lots of african-americans, you may want to stay at the Doubletree or Westin or something. If you're looking for a charming boutique hotel and you're not afraid of being on the North Side, you should definitely check out The Priory.
4	Such a cute hotel!  I like to find non-chain hotels, but sometimes that can be scary...  The Priory was great!  Lots of character, not at all scary, very clean, modern, comfy - all the things you want in a hotel.  Well - the beds COULD be more comfortable.  It amazes me that hotel reviews rarely mention the bed.  To me, that is the most important part.  The bed:  Too hard, for one thing.  The linens were great, very soft, and the comforter was perfect - light but warm.  However, the headboard was only loosely connected to the bed and - well, let's just say noisy.We only stayed one night, so can't expand too much.  Breakfast didn't look too appetizing, so we went elsewhere.  The stairs are very squeaky but you can't hear them inside the rooms.  The elevator is great.  The bar was nice - small, but a great place to stop for a nightcap on your way back in for the evening.  I had made some specific request - away from the elevator, not facing the street, etc. - they fulfilled all of them.  I love it when a hotel pays attention!We would absolutely recommend The Priory!
5	One thing Pittsburgh is not known for, but should be, is turning old churches into businesses, homes and even bars (gasp!).  Most of the churches are so beautiful that it's such a great use of space.  This is no exception, as it's just so unique inside! If you're looking for that nontraditional hotel that's NOT a Marriott or Hilton, this is the place you'll want to stay!  It's fashioned like a European boutique hotel, plus all the amenities you'd be looking for like WiFi, a shuttle and continental breakfast (score!). It's also a really lovely place to have an event.  For smaller events you can rent out specific parlor's for a reasonable cost and you're able to bring in your own caterers.  I really like this option because you're not boxed into one choice that may be out of price range.  If I would have gotten married in Pittsburgh, this would  definitely have been my first choice for the reception.  The Grand Hall is just gorgeous!  It has the original church organ and stain glass windows.  When it's all dressed up for the event it's just a stunning place for a magical affair! The Northside of town, where it's located, has walkable access to the Andy Warhol Museum, The Mattress Factory Museum, The Children's Museum, The National Aviary, The Carnegie Science Center, PNC Park (home to the Pirates, go bucks!) and Heinz Field (home to the Stillerz, as we call them in the burgh).  Some are farther than others, but there's always the shuttle if it's in our frigid winter season.  In the summer, go for the walk so you can take in the sights!There's also a lot of cute restaurants and bars on East Ohio River Boulevard, which is two streets up from the hotel.  My suggestions would be Bistro to Go and Bistro Soul, Rita's Italian Ice (personal fave) or The Priory Bakery for dessert!  There's also Legends North Shore not far on E. North Ave. about two streets up from E. Ohio and Amani Coffee Shop and Cafe for a quick stop for coffee or a great panini for lunch.   It's really a fantastic time to go in the summer because EVERYTHING is within walking distance.  Plus they have a great farmers market in the park right along E. Ohio and they have kayaking in the park right by the Aviary.  The big kayaking organization, Venture Outdoors is right under the 6th St. Bridge next to PNC Park.  You're able to kayak around the three rivers for only $15 an hour!  It's a great way to see the city!This is your place for one unique stay, I wouldn't steer you wrong!
1	We stayed here and was initially disappointed-- being new to town, our first impression was that Pittsburgh was a very very bad town full of homeless and degenerates (the area, I find out later, is one of the worst spots in the city!).  The hotel is located across the street from a housing authority building.  Projects?  UGH.  Great.  Then we were put into a "historical" room that was similar to that of a rundown cheap apartment-- old shower stall, moldy threadbare carpeting, lumpy squeaky bed.  I find out an hour later (after freaking out about the lo-end aspect of this room) that they have new rooms that were just recently renovated.  I asked to see the room, and then ultimately change to that room-- for a fee, of course.  About 50% more expensive.  But I pay more because NO WAY would I be able to exist in this old "historical" creepy room.  Finally, a regular room-- the "renovated" room was similar to that of an acceptable hotel room.  Why even keep this historical, old, dingy, dirty room?  Do they figure unsuspecting people who don't know any better will just accept it b/c they have no other choice?? I slept well in the "new" renovated room, and would have been freaked out all night in the old room. What a difference. Actually, the bed and linens were very, very comfortable.  The bathroom was nice and clean.  The room was what I expected a hotel room to be... not high end four seasons, but not cheap and nasty either. The hotel obviously had availabilities of the new, renovated rooms, so why put us in an old, unrenovated, ugly old apartment looking room? If they believed in upgrading, then they would have at least gotten repeat business!! For those who are going to book here, pay more for the new rooms, or go somewhere else.  The option of staying in the old room should not be an option at all.  I don't think I will ever go back here if I ever go back to Pittsburgh.  I will stay at a chain hotel-- marriot or whatever.  What is money except a means to be comfortable and live?  I will spend more next time.Breakfast was "eh".  It was free-- small stations of some fruit, cheese, small pastries, cereal, yougurt and two hot items:  sausage + bacon.  OJ, Cranberry, Milk and Coffee also available.  Honestly, I felt like I was in college, and watching my pennies (poor), staying here...
5	We've stayed here twice during recent trips to Pittsburgh, and while the city itself is a bit hit and miss, the Priory is always comfortable and welcoming. A great place to escape after a long drive or a stressful drive around the maze of roads and traffic that make up Pittsburgh.Each room is pretty unique and always well appointed and very clean. The staff are friendly and helpful with whatever you might need and it's an easy drive to most of the attractions around town.
4	Even though The Priory is flanked by some questionable areas, my stay was more than adequate. With friendly staff, low key digs and a pretty tasty breakfast buffet, I'd certainly stay there again. Each room is unique, but during my stay, I resided in a king room, #303 and found the following:-Comfy bed with plenty of pillows-Lack of outlets! The only reachable outlet in the open was in the bathroom. All other outlets were buried under desks, behind nightstands/the bed or inaccessible. -A mini fridge, robe and handful of hangers-Nice, moderately sized LG flatscreen with a myriad of channels-Small but clean workout room with a treadmill, elliptical machine, bike, small selection of free weights and a few weight machines-Free WiFi-Teeny-tiny shower in which I practically had to contort myself to shave my legs (and I'm just shy of 5'2")-Comfortable desk with an under desk surge protector/strip of outletsThe Prioriy is super unique but still feels very quiet and church like...in a good way!
4	I liked this hotel, but it is something of a mixed bag. Would I stay there again? Yes, but be sure you have a car and are okay with gritty cities.Pros:Beautiful rooms. We stayed in the historical side and had a very nice if not very large room (queen). Some reviewers said they had a mini-frig. Note that not all rooms have those.Breakfast was nice during the week. Hotel was clean.Awesome, fantastic courtyard. You can eat breakfast out there if the weather is nice. Cons:Location. This is not a nice neighborhood. But you can walk to the Strip district, the Warhol Museum, and the stadium. Each room is different. It's a bit like playing the lottery.VERY small shower.Breakfast was less on Sunday, as they rely on local bakeries. It's a true continental.You get yelled at for bringing your own alcohol onto the property. Yeah, we thought that was weird, too. No mention of it on the website, but they don't want you to bring your own drinks into the courtyard.
4	Located in a kinda run down neighborhood, but worth it to stay in such a unique cool place. Everyone that works here is very friendly. Right after checking in and going up to our room, I noticed it smelled like stale smoke (even though this is a non-smoking hotel). They immediately switched our room, in fact they upgraded us to a much larger king room. Not bad at all for a free breakfast with a small but nice selection of meats, cheeses, and fresh fruit. The kind gentleman who works in the kitchen/tends to the breakfast buffet even went in the back and found us some water crackers for the Brie, upon request.
5	Stayed here for several days during a very rainy time. The hotel is great, very charming, and fun to stay at. Definitely not your typical chain hotel, as it's an old-style mansion.The continental breakfast was delicious, the hotel staff was very friendly and helpful, the amenities were wonderful (fast wifi!!). Like others said, it felt more like you were part of a fun community due to the interactions with the staff, the small great bar downstairs, and the welcoming atmosphere. The fitness center was well equipped as well, and there was a great complimentary shuttle. The driver would not only take us to restaurants, but would suggest other cool places to visit. Overall I could not recommend this more. The only "negative" is the area where it is doesn't have many other fun places - but they ARE a short drive away.
4	The only reason why I didn't give 5 stars is that the area is slighty sketchy. Theres a small grocery store on the corner, & i hated walking by it bc people would hang out outside. They do have a free shuttle! They have excellent customer service besides Matt or something. He was grumpy. Our driver Hank or something was amazing! Soo sweet. We even sent my chocolates from Hawaii to thank him. The room was good size. Bed frame was metal so it was outdated a little. Our tub wouldn't drain like it was a bit clogged. Free breakfast buffet. I loved the Steeler fans we met there. It was our first time in Pittsburgh and we had a blast!
4	Our friends gave us a gift card from bedandbreakfast.com so we chose to use it at The Priory on Friday night for our weekend in Pittsburgh. They had a spring special on there website that wasn't listed on the bedandbreakfast site so I wasn't sure if it was option but I called and they were more than happy to book the room for the special rate. The outside and the inside both had a lot of old world charm an our room was beautiful. We explored some and found a cute outdoor patio and the front of the hotel had a small bar called Monks. After dinner we hit Monks is for a drink and the bartender gave us some recommendations for what to see while we were there when he found out we were out of town. The next morning a breakfast of meats, cheese, and pasteries were served and it was delicious. We both truly enjoyed our stay and if we ever visit Pittsburgh again, I can see us staying here.
5	Great european style boutique hotel.  You can not beat this hotel for the money!
3	This is a nice historic euro style hotel in the middle of the city. An old Catholic Church converted into a hotel. The rooms are small but well appointed. A very small bar opened only from 5 PM to 10Pm. The breakfast buffet was acceptable. Very near several eateries and pubs, but I'm not sure it's a safe neighborhood to wandering around in. They do offer free shuttle service to and from restaurants and the convention center. Some of the staf were friendly, some were surly.
1	Was at a beautiful wedding.  Staff was terrible, unpleasant, and the two slobs at the front desk need to be in the back with their people skills.  Nice hotel but make sure you take some warm bodies with you because the "people" at the priory are cold, miserable and just plain miserable. I get better guest service at Holiday Inn
2	I was very specific when I made my reservations several months ago. I needed a non-entrance level room away from noise. We were given a room right off of the hotel Foyer. It is mid-night and a party rages just outside my door even though I have called the front desk asking for their assistance. Right now I would prefer to be in a Motel6.  This room was relatively not cheap, it should have at least been cut-rate given out only as a last resort.  The next time I am in Pittsburgh it will not include a stay at The Priory, which is a shame because besides this issue it is a nice place. But if you are considering staying at this hotel why take the chance. While the party continues and I am getting no help from the front desk I am tempted to lower my rating to a single star. But, hey, I can always catch up on my sleep tomorrow night.
5	I've attended two weddings here.  Both have been amazing.  The facility is really nice.  The bathrooms are nice.Where this place shines is the food.  The food I've had at the weddings has been amazing.  The steaks are well prepared, the chicken is awesome, and the mushroom entry for vegetarians is amazing.  Both wedding cakes (vanilla and red velvet) have also been awesome.I don't know anything about price, but I really enjoy attending weddings here.
3	Ended up here since for some reason all the major hotels on the North Side were booked.  Overall this is a solid option if that happens to you, but probably wouldn't make a point to stay here otherwise.Nice staff, fairly easy walk to North Side or across the bridges but as others have mentioned it's not in a great area.  Literally "on the wrong side of the tracks".  I live in a similar area in Philly so it didn't bother me as much but can see this being an issue for others.  I also walked the whole time and didn't use the shuttle so that's an option as well, but did hear others waiting a while to that just to go to PNC Park which I simply walked to myself in 10 minutes.It's definitely an old place, so you could see that as "charm" or simply as old.  Again, not a bad place at all but nowhere I'd miss if I stayed elsewhere.
2	booked through a third party site and they tried to stick us in a queen room even though they had plenty of kings available. definitely gave attitude about it but "upgraded" anyway. he wanted to charge me the difference but I refused. just bad service overall. no one to help with bags morning or night. even the day front desk person was short with us and rude. I couldn't wait to get out of there. the room was clean and charming. the area is definitely rough. I wouldn't stay here again.
4	I was here for a wedding reception back in February, and it was gorgeous!! Everything was nicely done. The decor was beautiful. As far as I know from the bride and groom, everything was handled well, too.
1	We decided to have a little staycation at the Priory earlier this month.  My husband made the reservation with a special they were having for a dinner date night.  With the special, they give you a few Pittsburgh restaurants to choose from and you get a $50 voucher to that restaurant.  When my husband called the Priory, they said they would make the reservations and call us back on the time.  We never got a call about the reservation time which was annoying.  But the main issue was we checked in, talked to the girl at the front desk about having the shuttle take us to this reservation at Meat and Potatoes, and she set us up with the shuttle.  We go in the room, look around for the $50 voucher, and it's not in the room so we assumed (i know we should never assume) that it was taken care of with Meat and Potatoes when they  made our reservation.  We had a fabulous dinner at M&P, great food, great service, and the bill comes.  We asked the server about this Priory $50 voucher and he had never heard about it so the manager comes over and says they didn't give them anything but to have them call and ask for him and he'll work it out.  We called the Priory and told them this, the girl who answered gave us an attitude and said you should have asked for it.  Then refused to call M&P to talk to the manager.  She just said to pay the full bill and we can work it out when we get back to the hotel.  We gave the manager our phone and he was yelled at as well about this.  He took our word that the Priory would deliver it to him the next day and he deducted the $50 from our bill.  It was embarrassing and it wasn't the issue with the money, just the service with the priory.  This showed us two things: We won't be going back to the Priory due to the lack of service and lack of respect and we WILL be going back to M&P because their service was impeccable.
4	After considerable research for a hotel on the night of a Steelers football game (a Sunday night against the Baltimore Ravens, no less!), The Priory was my top choice in that it was relatively reasonably priced and offered shuttle service free of charge to/from the game.  In spite of the hotel being located in the less-than-revered North Side of the city, the place has charm and character with a friendly, accommodating staff.  At no point did I feel unsafe, although in full disclosure, I did not spend considerable time in the hotel's neighborhood, other than to frequent a nearby watering hole, the James Street Gastropub and Speakeasy.  The hotel has ample complimentary parking nearby (one lot across the street, another around the block), including one lot that is only accessible to hotel guests.  The other lot is posted to only permit hotel guests to park there but there did not appear to be a way to monitor this, although it is possible (likely?) hotel staff does so.  In addition to the friendliness of the staff and shuttle service to the stadium, the continental breakfast that was provided was pleasantly surprising in that in addition to the typical fare (cereal, muffins, danish, hard boiled eggs, coffee, etc.), there was a generous selection of meats, cheeses, and fruits.  I would gladly stay at this clean, comfortable, and charming hotel again!
3	This is a beautiful hotel inside of an old church. I was really impressed with the outdoor space, the tiny bar and the expansive dining room. While it was within walking distance to the stadiums and the Andy Warhol Museum, the neighborhood  was sketchy. It appeared to be "up and coming"perhaps a return trip is in order. It was a good value for the price.
5	The banana cream pie pancakes are awesome! All the food was delicious though. It's crazy that they don't take reservations but it was worth the wait.
4	Great hotel in a great location for walking to city centre (about 15 mins) although the street it's on by the supermarket was not the nicest to walk down...about little rough with people always hanging out around it.The hotel...great big nice rooms and friendly staff.
