5	I decided to give Back to Basic a try based on the review from this site, and I'm glad that I did. Driving up to the building, the neighborhood looks questionable, and the building itself is nothing special, but the employees make up for it. Both people I interacted with were friendly and personable. The person actually doing the work on my vehicle was knowledgeable, professional and efficient. He also stated that the company is a family oriented business and frowns upon the corporate "bottom line" business model. The work was well done and the cost was reasonable.
5	Couldn't ask for better. Friendly, helpful, very quick service and turn around time. I don't know much about cars, so I was very cautious and asked for recommendations from the car buffs I know, and they were right, this place is great. They all agreed this shop did a great job, and never tried to rack up charges with someone inexperienced like me. Very minimal to no labor charges, just paid for the parts. What a relief, to have this business available when something goes wrong with your car. They made a bad day much better.
5	Went here based on other reviews. I had a check engine light on for my CSF sensor. They just fixed it like I asked and didn't try to upsell me on anything else. The turnaround was fast and they were pretty nice guys all around.
5	Probably the most painless, easiest, and quickest car fix I've ever had. All the reviews of this place are correct: the service is great and they get it done without making you sign away your first born child.  No extras or addons.Amazingly convenient if you live downtown, as there is a DASH stop across the street.
4	So, guess what? I've discovered a major Yelp flaw. I smacked a curb on my way to the mountain a few weeks back and turned the alignment of my car into the archetypal version of Kanye West's sense of propriety. BTW, He's just sad he lost his mama to plastic surgery. He's acting out. Back to me. I wasn't even on my phone. I just wasn't paying attention. Take away my license, Big Brother!So I search Yelp for an automotive place that is clearly well vetted by the standard bearers of our little community, the Yelp Elite. Quick note about Yelp Elite, since I count Abu J as my psychological consigliere. I don't really care if you're Elite or not when it comes to restaurant reviews. Everybody's got an opinion. But when it comes to places that can rape you prison style (think American History X), I want to know that the one review many of these places have is from someone other than their employees, and if you're Elite I've probably met you or read your stuff and it's probably a pretty decent bet that you don't work for the car repair place. Is that fair? Well shit, people! They are so few and far between. Now, when you see the statistics about how much less of Yelp is restaurants than other business types it seems surprising because that's how I found it and that's what I love to review. But if you get your car repaired, write about it goddamnit. Jesus Christ I felt lost out in the cold. Ready for eternal slumber in the mouth of hypothermia. So anyway, this place is great. I went on a Thursday but they said they needed four hours and I only had three. So I took it back the next day and they were awesome. Honest and all that jazz. I asked them to look into doing tune-up type stuff and they said it didn't need it. NICE! I give four stars because they had my car ALL day and I was under the impression it was a four or so hour journey but I will still take my car back there again and again. PEACE!
5	Check it out! The power of Yelp! I got this message from a former coworker who read my Yelp on Facebook: Hey Dallas - wanted to thank you for the Back to Basics reminder. Taking my car there rather than the dealership saved me almost a grand!THAT'S what I'm talking about!!! My little words. A little reminder to someone about a solid little car shop and she saves $1000! F.T.W!
5	Done Once, Done WellA friend recommended me to Back to Basics.  He takes three vehicles here.  We own two cars officially classified in Arizona as "antiques."  They love them.  Gary & crew have repaired things for me other places didn't get done right.  My pickup is in for a smog violation today.  They have made carb adjustments and are taking the truck to emissions testing to make sure their work is good.  They also have a reference list of other automotive pros; for example, mobile minor body work.They are becoming my sole source of auto maintenance when I'm in town.
5	Seriously, these guys are super fantastic!I've taken two different cars to them over the past few years.  Super nice, no nonsense and I've never felt like they try to gouge me.  My warranty is going to expire before the end of the year and before I could finish my sentance the service manager (owner?) knew what I wanted.  Another time I wasn't sure if I needed to change out my tires.  One needed to be replaced but they suggested that I could wait on the others considering I don't drive much/long distances.  I mean, smart automotive repair advice.  If you live or work downtown there is a DASH and couple other downtown bus routes nearby to help you drop off your car and then scoot to work.  They are only open during the weekdays.
5	These guys are great!! I took my car to Back to Basic for a clutch problem, and it turns out that it had to be replaced. I had to consider for a day whether it was worth paying for the replacement or just investing those funds into a new car. Dave totally understood and there was no pressure from their side to start working on it or have the car towed away. I decided to go ahead with the repairs, and they were done within two business days. They also came within $7.00 of what they quoted me. They fixed what needed to be done and they have a 12 month/12,000 mile repair warranty on the work. I will go back to Back to Basic if needed in the future and will definitely be sending friends their way.
5	These guys are the best.  I work for the state, basically across the street from them.  They've fixed tires for me for free, and never gouged me on any other work.  And, they are super nice (ALL of them!) to boot!
5	I love these guys. They are so honest and work with you on price. I don't take my car anywhere else now. Also, they worked their tails off to get my car to pass emissions.
5	I have been using these guys for 7 years and they are the best!  What does peace of mind run these days?  If you want honest answers and peace of mind with your vehicles, they give it to you and at a fair price.  Knowing that its done right the first time is my peace of mind!  I would recomend them to everyone!
5	I initially went to Back To Back basics after reading their Yelp reviews. I must say, they definitely live up to their expectations!  I went in last year and was given a reasonable price to fix my car. And after this last time I went (I just got my car back today), I realize that they really do truly care about their customers.  You'll get the same amazing customer service from the owner as you do the rest of the workers. They're super nice and will always keep your best interest in mind.  They definitely know their stuff. I will never go anywhere else, and I definitely recommended them. Also, I don't generally write reviews, but after my last experience with these guys, I knew I had to let everyone know how amazing they are.Thanks again guys!!
5	Stopped by with a broken bumper after reading the reviews on here. They were crazy busy but I explained I was driving back to California the next day and they squeezed me in. A little over an hour later I was good to go. Really nice people and Dave the owner was extra friendly to everyone, customers, staff, vendors etc. Super crackin spot to bring the ride.
5	was having issues with car overheating.  tried the easy, cheap fixes we could do ourselves and they weren't the problem.  finally bit the bullet and realized that we'd have to take it to someone.  on the suggestion of a friend, we brought car here to back to basic and am really glad that we did.  friend suggested talking with Ken so I did and he was very nice and listened to my saga.  he said he would check it out and have someone call me to let me know what was wrong.kevin, another nice guy at this place, gave me a call and told me that in fact the fan was bad.  he gave me an estimate for parts and labor, which sounded reasonable to me, gave him the go ahead to fix car.couple of hours later my phone rang.  kevin again calling to give me some new info.  of course, a good news and bad news situation.  but of course, the car belongs to me so I wouldn't expect anything to go quite so smoothly.  there was an issue with the part ordered, the first 2 or 3 they ordered didn't fit.  what the heck man!  apparently, again my car, is one that could have one of two different fans and of course my car is the one that needed the fan that is the more expensive one.  GO FIGURE!  anyway, they got the correct fan and they worked with us on the pricing so that the shock wasn't quite as much as it could have been to the checkbook.i will recommend back to basic to others looking for automotive repair and want to thank them so much for helping us out and getting our car back on the road.
5	Found this place by doing a Yelp search near my work.  Saw that they had really positive reviews and set up an appt during lunchtime the following day.  Pep Boys told me I had to replace the front struts and rear shocks or else I would have to replace all four tires within 1K miles.  They told me the tires were wearing incorrectly.  Imagine my surprise when I talked to the Back to Basic Automotive guy after looking at my car (for free) and he said there was no problem - get it balanced - and that the tires looked brand new (have 30K + miles on them).  No shocks, no struts, no upsell, no charge.  Fantastic!  Highly recommend since it is impossible to find a reliable mechanic.
5	Having  to go out of town on short notice, I needed to get an oil change in addition to addressing an intermittant clacking sound coming from underneath my car. Based on the reviews from Yelpers about this place, I  thought I'd give this place a try. Although they were busy during that entire  week  they said if I didn't mind waiting for a couple of hours they could fit me in the next day.  So  I made an appointment  and  came prepared to wait, However, after checking in, one of the guys asked me where I worked .  When I told him he said he was heading that way anyway and would be happy to give me a lift so I wouldn't have to wait.  (They usually don't give rides and he didn't have to do this.) When I picked up my car, Kevin explained to me what the clattering sound was (plastic clips holding the front hubcap on )- and assured me it was more of an annoyance than anything else. He readjusted them for free . Gave me a cost estimate if I wanted to replace them in the future. (FYI- they have not 'clattered' since he adjusted them.) He also discovered a couple of other small  and inexpensive things that needed immediate  replacement  and  took care of  it on the spot.   When Kevin showed me the bill I was very pleasantly surprised.  These guys are experienced mechanics and know their stuff. - They  don't pressure you into getting other things done that you don't need or could wait on if you can't afford it right  away.  They explain things clearly and are respectful and courteous.  Best of all their prices are very reasonable.  Because they work hard to develop trust with their customers (they defintiely have earned mine), I will continue going to this shop for all of my auto repair needs/ routine maintenance.  They are diamonds in a sea of auto repair ne'er- do- wells and rip-offs.Thank you Back to Basics gents for restroing my faith in auto mechanics.
5	Been dealing with terrible gear-shifting issues for the last month. The "experts" at Allstate took one look and said I need a whole new transmission; a $2500 job. Took my car to Back to Basics for a second opinion at a friend's recommendation. Glad I did. They took their time to figure out the real problem. A day later my car was running better than ever with a new speed sensor and I was out of there for about $250, including diagnosis. Friendly staff who cares about quality. I would definitely go back to them, but something makes me think my car will be running smooth enough that I won't have to for a while.
1	I am so disappointed because I thought we finally found a good honest place to take our cars. Yelp has 5 star reviews on them, so how could we go wrong! We got a timing belt, water-pump, driver's belt replaced. In addition we also got the front brake pads and rotors replaced along with an oil change on my wife's car. We left thinking, "Wow, those guys at the desk are super nice and genuine" and felt comfortable about the repairs that we didn't even look under the hood when we got it back. Boy, were we wrong! So wrong that it almost cost my wife's life.As my wife was driving her car on the highway, the accelerator locks and she is now in a terrible nightmare and the main character on the movie Speed. She cannot stop, trying to lift the accelerator pedal, braking, frantically swerving around cars to avoid hitting another person and by the grace of God, she finally was able to stop by taking the keys out.  The police officer found a bracket that was NOT bolted down and the bracket had moved to the point where it was compressing the accelerator line. He actually informed my wife to take a picture of this before he moved the bracket, so she could take it back to Back to Basics.Here's the kicker. It was obvious that Back to Basics had to have moved this air conditioning bracket to get to the timing belt on this civic. They denied they ever touched the bracket. In fact, the guy said "Its the craziest thing, the bolt must of popped out and wiggled down a tube." We took the car to another mechanic, who laughed and stated "there is no way that a mechanic can get to your timing belt, without removing the bracket and by pushing the air conditioning hose to the side." There is NO WAY that a bolt screwed in could have somehow popped out.  After Back to Basics said they "fixed" it and tightened the bolt down, we didn't feel safe so we took it to another auto shop. This mechanic double checked and visibly showed us that it was still not completely tightened. We were just so disturbed. You mess up once (never admitting and denying with a bogus answer) and then you become careless a second time?I am sorry that this review is so long, but trust me it could have been longer with additional information about the negatives of this shop. The managers, K**** and D***, who we dealt with were very nice and mild mannered, but that does not negate the fact that they have mechanics who are sloppy and careless. What consumers don't realize is that the front desk managers don't work on your cars. It's the mechanics they hire and obviously they have car mechanics, who do careless work. Everyone is human and we make mistakes, but this mistake is too big and basic (putting a bracket on securely with a bolt) that could of killed my wife and others on the road. Our relationship with Back to Basics could have turned out differently. We might of even considered going back if they had just admitted they messed up; however, their lie and denial of what happened left us sick to our stomach.Back to Basics, please train your mechanics the basics again so this does not happen to future customers.
3	I also went here based on all the 5 star reviews. I thought they were very professional and very clean. The problem is they were also very expensive. The informed me that two of my motor mounts were broken and two were torn. I asked them for an initial estimate and they told me between 850 and 950. I told them I would be back when I had saved up some cash. In the mean time I began calling other shops to find out if their estimate was reasonable to high. After calling three other shops and the dealer in the Phoenix area I found that virtually everyone was asking around 900 dollars, except the dealer who was asking 1000. I called Back to Basics back and asked them to schedule me, but also if they could shop around for some cheaper after market mounts, they gladly agreed. The returned my call a couple days later to tell me that the actual price would be somewhere between 950 and 1050 with after market mounts and about 1020 would the OEM mounts. Feeling frustrated with the price increase I told them to take me off the scheduled appointment. I figured if I am gonna pay over 1000 I might as well get them done at the dealer. I eventually called a shop recommend to me in Tucson and they replaced all 4 mounts for 825. I recommend back to basics to anyone willing to pay a little to a lot extra. They are nice, honest, and serious mechanics... but also very expensive.
5	I have brought 6 different vehicles here.Wouldn't  think about doing business else where..The staff is very personable and fair..Had a incident in my RV while in texas my transmission would not work. Called the shop  Dave walked me through the process and was able to put a nail where there was a pin so it would shift into drive..Prices are fair and they never try to sell you more then you need
5	After having issues with my explorer for over a month and 2 mechanics later, I finally brought my car here.  Spoke with Dave (Owner) and explained what was going on and that I just wanted my car fixed. At this point I was stressed and ready to brake down.couple hrs later Dave called and explained the issue (fuel line needed to be replaced, something the other mechanics failed to mention) and even said that the other mechanic did other work that was not needed! Gave them the OK and my car was ready the next day! My car is back and running with no problems (YAY)!  I recommend these guys to anyone that is looking for a good and honest mechanic. I will be using Back to Basics from now on.  Thanks to Dave & the rest of the crew.
5	So this bodyshop has Grade A service, staff, and integrity!!! They do a great job and are conscience that people are weary of getting their cars fixed and are afraid of the cost. Most of us go to the mechanic WAY too late, our bads. Everyone is so friendly and are honest. They will not take you for a ride. I had to leave my car there and was called with my price quote, whether I agreed or not and wanted them to proceed. I did, it had to be done and I am not a mechanic. But I felt comfortable with their price and their attitude. I would recommend this place for the simple things to the most complex. They will tell you that, "Hey, this part costs this much, you need it to get X fixed, what do you wanna do?" It's all up to you but they will do their very best to work with you and your schedule. I actually had to pick up my car early to use to get to/from work and I brought it back 4 days later and they continued on to get my car to pass emissions. They do great work and will go above and beyond. I'm going there from now on for all my car needs :)
5	Wonderful shop! They have wonderful staff and do great work. Its always refreshing when you can find a mechanic you can trust!
5	I have two prius"s.  Took one in for a tune up and was very pleased.  They were very \accommodating.  Very pleased we had taken our car there for service.  Shortly thereafter, the a/c on the other prius went out.  They had to go to Camelback Toyota for parts and when the parts didn't solve the problem, Toyota had to have the car returned them so they could inspect it even though it was a new part and under warrenty.  Why they couldn't just take a qualified mechanics word for it us a question that T. on Camelback can answer.  At any rate, the part didn't work. Toyota said it was .  BAck to Basics said it wasn't and I as the driver said it wasn't.  Back to Basics wouldn't take the car back until it worked.  Finally, someone at Toyota recognized what had gone wrong and fixed it.  Back to Basics stood by me and until they fixed it properly.  That's the kind of people I want standing by me.Toyota was going to fix something that wasn't broken and call it quits.  Dave at B.to Basics wouldn't let them get away with it.Does B to B have a new customer?  You betcha'
5	Back to Basic did great work for me. My last mechanic missed a bunch of stuff on my truck and routinely kept it in his shop for a week or two. These guys found all the problems in a couple of hours and fixed them for a fraction of what my last mechanic had quoted me on both time and cost. Plus, they had my truck back to me within 48 hours of dropping it off -- and it probably would have been done sooner, too, if they didn't have to order a part. This is where I'm bringing my cars from now on.
5	Remember the emissions debacle of 2/7/11? I just took my truck in to renew the tags and IT PASSED EMISSIONS with flying colors. Back to Basic fixed it TWO YEARS ago and it's still fixed. My truck is a 2000. That tells me B2B does quality work that stands the test of time. Love you guys.
5	I had a coolant/water leak under my Jeep and asked a co-worker about a downtown repair shop, as I'd been screwed over by Firestone already.  She told me about a good experience she had with Back to Basic so I gave them a try on my lunch break.  They fixed the loose hose, filled me back up with coolant and didn't even charge me!  If they'd told me I needed a new whatever I'd have been none the wiser.  The three gentlemen that assisted were courteous, quick and knowledgable and one was particularly easy on the eyes (a bonus).  They have earned my future business and I highly recommend them.
5	We found this company by yelping for a mechanic in the area that we broke down in.  I read their reviews, called them & had them tow our vehicle to his shop & do the repair. They got right on the job and I paid what I was quoted.  Very professional & I will keep their name & number for future services, even though they are not located in our neighborhood.
5	This was the first time I had used Yelp to find an auto mechanic, and I was very happy that I did. My air conditioner in my car was malfunctioning, and would push out cold air in the morning, but in the afternoon's would only push out warm air. This happened in Phoenix during this past summer, and living in Phoenix without air conditioning in my car, is like driving through hell.  I was scratching my head trying to figure out why my air conditioner was possessed. When I took it in to this mechanic everything was functioning properly in the morning, but he offered to keep the car until the afternoon to see what the problem was.  The mechanic found exactly what the problem was, and better yet, they offered me multiple options of how to fix it... which was refreshing. If you're in the Phoenix Area, and you need a mechanic, go to Back to Basic Automotive.... because you will NOT get ripped off.
5	On the way to work two days before Christmas, my check engine light appeared.  The kind fellows at Back to Basic fit me into their schedule and even dropped me back off at my office.  By the end of the day, they had resolved my problem at a very reasonable cost and stayed open so that I could come pick up my car.  The problem:  A tiny crack on the fuel pump under my seat, which was causing a puddle of fuel to build up.  I'm so relieved that they took the time and care to identify this problem.  I had previously smelled gasoline and taken my car to my regular mechanic who failed to catch the leak.  I was just one tiny spark away from an explosion!  As a small town girl, I love when I find good, honest, hard working folks who do their jobs well and are humble about it.  These fellows are just those guys and this shop reminds me of my hometown shop, which locals just knew to go to for the best service.  Back to Basic doesn't advertise, but their shop is always busy - the best stamp of approval any business could have.  I highly recommend checking out their services.  You'll be glad you did!
5	Just a quick note to say thanks to Dave and his staff..My Classic Land Cruiser had some issues,  as I had restored it my self.To make a long story short I put a modern engine in a old car. I got it about 90% there but I could not get it to run right.  I met Dave while tiring to sell him a new air conditioning system, walking through his garage it became very apparent that Dave had to knowledge and expertise to help me. I asked if they took on projects and Dave said, "sure, just bring it down"  That's what I did and could not be happierI am in the customer service business and I expect a lot from service providers, usually end up being disappointed.  but not this time,  my Land Cruiser runs, stops and drives as good as it looks.
5	Super impressed with them.  They got me in at the last minute, and had the car ready to go by the time that I requested (before, actually), despite the fact that they had to do a bunch of extra work that we hadn't anticipated.  They were friendly, straight-forward, very good about communicating, and reasonably priced.  Usually, at least 1 to 4 of these criteria are missing when I visit other shops.Excellent experience!  I'll be back.  Soon.
5	I just want everyone to know that Back To Basic Automotive is the best Automotive shop you can take your vehicle too.  They are very, very honest and outstanding mechanics.  These group of guys really care about their customers and their prices.  I can call them first thing in the morning and if they can fix my truck right a way and if the can they will if they can they will be honest and tell me.  I just really trust them, and I respect them for that.  Most of all they do an amazing job and fix the vehicles at a low cost.  Great job Team.....YOUR THE BEST!!!
5	Auto mechanics you can trust!I would like to thank Dave, Keith, and the rest of the crew at Back to Basic Automative. I have used Back to Basic Automative on numerous occasions from oil changes to alignment work and everything in between. The guys at Basic to Basic are honest, trustworthy, and always explain what needs to be done, and my vehicles are always repaired in a timely matter.Honesty, experience, and expertise are just a few of the attributes at Back to Basic Automative. You can't beat the  great customer service, thorough work, and more than fair pricing. Back to Basic can't be beat! (I've been a customer for a very long time and will remain a customer for good.)
