2	A few friends and i tried the new all you can eat sushi bar that is currently replacing the famous kaizen sushi restaurant.  I personally found this all you can eat sushi bar better than most all you can eat with a few down points. The waiters were horrible.  I understand that the restaurant is new ,  however the coordination of the staff was terrible,  i   had to   ask him when he brings us the sushis to tell us which one were which . He did  not know the prices of his  bottles are the amount and when finally i  ordered a  bottle...they did not have any more of the  one i wanted!Fish and vegetables seem fresh ,  way better product that   i have seen compared to sushi crescent or kanda sushi HOWEVER they drown all there tartar and sushi in mayo which is very disappointing. I believe the restaurant is still adjusting but  overall it is an  ok   restaurant. ...!
1	Not happy. Didn't order from buffet, waiting 1 hour for service!!! They are watching me, so I won't eat!!! And michael (the manager) saw I had garnish in my plate and asked me what is that!!! Omg. Awful addition to westmount!Worse place ever!!!!! Do not go! and The manager michael the manager tellsMe he is confused. Not happy. Do not go. Go to park restaurant!!
5	I think the people raring this place low, are Westmount workers / residents  And perhaps former clients of Kaizen who are unfamiliar with thistype of sushi restaurant. The location is what use to be one of MTL's most popular and higher end Japanese restaurants : Kaizen Sushi House .Kaizen was one of our favorite restaurants when I was growing up so I understand the disappointment one might feel if they walk into the same space and expect something more traditional or upscale. Unfortunately if you know anything about the food industry, you know it's impossible to do what Kaizen did at the price / value of Crystal Sushi. So for this reason I think the reviews are unfair. I've been to most all you can eat Sushi places in MTL, and this is one of my top 2. Its definitely fresh, the service was friendly and efficient, the lunch price is awesome and the location is accessible, clean casual, and fun to be in. If I were to say one thing to be improved on , it would be a wider variety of sauces and or "flavors" BUT this is how they keep the prices so low and can offer such fresh produce I guess so...once again it's definitly at the top of it's game for it's kind.
4	Nice new chain all u can eat sushi place of sushi Tokyo,service are fast and friendly,food are almost fresh and tasty,especially the raw shrimp sashimi which was sweet and yummy!One downside is the mussel dishes we had last night were not so fresh.The decoration there is cool, I like the fancy chandelier ,maybe that's the reason it's a little pricey for a AYCE sushi place.One more thing,do avoid general Tao kinda of dish ,that was just ridiculous
3	It's nice. Order with a tablet. Foods are good but not for that price. It's a bit over price for all you can eat sushi. And I went on a weekday as well. It's more expansive than other sushi place in downtown on weekend. The service is good overall. Or maybe there is not much people. But some of our order is missing and they threw away the printed order list before everything come. then we never get our mussels. They uses new concept of ordering using tablet. Maybe it's still in beta? There seem to be issue with each order. Kinda annoying.Overall good. Recommend. But will not return .
2	Food were nice but way too expensive. We waited too long between orders (waiters said too many orders and they all messed up). The waiter set us in an awful spot (in a grim corner). Last order around 9:30 PM or earlier, be prepared for that.
4	Nice place,good service...the food is good for all you can eat sushi...but for waiting the food...it's a little bite slow....for the price...it's expensive than the other all you can eat sushi...
2	This place is right around the corner from my office so I will often pop in for lunch. When they first opened I thought that the place was pretty good for an all you can eat concept. Fresh ingredients, good service and a nice concept. However, of late I've noticed that the quality of the food has been on the decline. Items such as the salt and pepper squid which was previously lightly battered and very tender have been replaced with much lower quality food. The squid dish, as an example, is now of the heavily breaded, tough and chewy variety. Clearly they have started cutting corners to save costs.  I will not be back.
4	My rating is based on takeout orders.After reading many reviews, I wasn't expecting much.  My boyfriend and I ordered for takeout and were amazed at the prices vs quantity&quality.Each piece came out to under 1$. No where will you find this (ranging prices are between 1.50-2$ per piece)Food : the sushi was good. I liked everything on the platter and there wasn't too much rice. The salmon sashimi was cut a little thick, but still good.Service : the restaurant was not busy when we went but it was very fast service. We ordered 47 pieces and it was ready in under 15min. Nothing was premade (we had nothing to do but sit and watch, so we truly saw every piece being made in front of us).Decor : again, we only sat in for a little while, but it seemed very nice and clean.We will try a dine-in shortly.
