3	It's a Target. It's nice, big, the huge windows that overlook University Avenue provide a unique view to the city. It opened on March 1 with the University of Wisconsin marching band, Bucky Badger and the mayor of Madison.My only complaint is that in Madison, at a time when the support of unions is so strong, and unions are so under attack from every corner, why did the mayor choose to herald the opening of this store. Target, as a corporation is VERY ANTI-Union. They don't allow unions, they don't allow any organization of a union within a Target, and if employees try to organize, they are fired. Clearly the mayor chose to whore out his beliefs in favor of tax dollars.
4	Well, this place, filling an erstwhile giant hole in the ground on Madison's near-west side, is a Taj MahTarget. One wonders what its impact will be on Metcalfe's/Sentry.
5	Well seeing that Sarah R. sort of beat me to the punch on the review haha there isn't much to say! I was absolutely astonished to find that this Target is a SuperTarget! That seems like a great achievement to have such a large store suspended above some parking. I don't know why... Furthermore, It is just getting off its feet so we can't say much on the matter. Being brand new I love the Gigantic target symbol in the parking structure. It almost silly it is so big haha. You walk over to a glass-encased "room" for the modern-age escalators and stainless steel stairs. They have all the same amenities as other super Targets, such as a cafe, a Starbucks, deli, etc. It of course was extremely clean (seeing that it had just opened) as you would expect. It also has a great location! It makes it easily accessible to the downtown residents as well as the college campus; college students love them Targets! It is a great looking store and a pretty unique one being held by stilts pretty much!
2	Oh Boy! A Target with a VIEW!!! Other than free-escalator rides at this location, it's still just a Target; shoddy products, apathetic employees and higher than norm prices. I live two blocks away and instead shop at Copps or Sentry just so I don't have to to deal with this soulless blackhole. But then again, maybe it's just me as I am I'm not their commercial-targeted, idyllic customer who is a 24-year-old woman who just moved into her first apartment. I have been there twice and both times have run into problems that were unresolved. AND, just so you know, the Target Corp doesn't even list a complaint email or number on their website in the absurd event that you might have to contact them. Don't let their "White Stripes" theme fool you, Target is just as evil as Walmart.
5	It was amazing. So new and dangerous. Exhilarating. My breath was taken away. It was an experience I will never forget and I cannot wait to do again....and that was just the shopping cart escalator. My first experience with one, makes this average Target a mind blowing place.
4	It's not often I get on the interwebs to rave about a corporate beast, but when I do, it's worth it. Take note Madison, take note. In addition to being able to shop for absolutely everything under the sun, the place has bomb views (yeah I said it) and a geeked out escalator that your cart can ride up and down. Friendly staff want to find stuff for you. Seriously. Make something up when they ask, "is there something I can help you find." They're so eager, so excited, I could be standing in the toilet paper aisle and someone could approach, and I will ask them where toilet paper is. The refrigerator section is brisk, like hat and scarf brisk. But if you crave cold you'll enjoy that you can shop for tube socks, a tube of chapstick and tubers all under the same roof. I'm not going to do my weekly grocery shopping at the place that also sells incontinence relief, but if I'm in the area and need deodorant, I won't mind picking up a bunch of bananas.Here's a pro tip for ya. Don't go when students are getting back to campus. Not only do they line the aisles shopping for cork boards, $9.99 full length mirrors that they'll try to stick up with 3M Command adhesive and microwaves in odd colors like green apple, but usually these co-eds smell like the night before, and it's hard to watch parents pretend like they don't know what really happened.
1	Unfortunately Target has a very poor return policy which is why I refuse to now shop there or at any Target for that matter.  If you have a return it has no be within 30 days (pretty standard these days...no biggie) but if you do not have a receipt they will accept the return & give you in store credit BUT you are ONLY allowed to purchase another product from that dept. of the store! They also will NOT price match other TARGET stores. WHAT! Yes it's true. I found some baskets on sale at one Target & when they only had two & I needed three I set outfor another Target nearby. I was surprised to see them not on clearance like the other store in Madison. Same exact basket. When I questioned the staff I was told there is no price matching even to other Target stores. Clearance items are marked that way based on a number of factors including lack of supply. Its too bad because I love Targets products however their lack of customer service and being greedy has detoured me.
1	This Target has Phycho employees! I went into the fitting room area with my daughter, 13 and the employee, DESI was EXTREMELY rude to us from the start. She treated us like criminals as she grabbed the clothes out of our hands with force to count them. Apparently I do not know how to count to 6 in front of her. My daughter was trying on a couple of bikinis and was going to need help as well as was going to need my approval. Desi said it was Target corporate policy that we could not be in the same room. LIE NUMBER ONE! Believe me, I called. We went into separate rooms like she ordered. Each time my daughter came out to show me something, DESI stepped into the hall to watch us to make sure we were not in the same room. At one point my daughter was having trouble getting the latch hooked in the back of her top. I went into her room to help her connect it, and within 3 seconds DESI was there banging on our door violently demanding that I get out of her fitting room. It frightened my daughter so much she began to cry. I lost it. We got a manager involved in the situation and as I was telling the manager what happened, DESI was in the back ground laughing and rolling her eyes. My husband caught her twice and brought it to the attention of the manager. As we were talking to the manager, another customer came out and complained about the way DESI was treating her as well. Absolutely nothing was done. I am so disappointed in Target as a whole. The manager has not called me back, and corporate was a joke. Now my daughter is fearful of that Target and hesitant to go into a fitting room. Thanks Target
4	Jessica nailed it right on the head when she described this as "Space Target".My wife and I were enjoying a rare day trip to Madison, driving around, enjoying the parks and shops and catching a few rummage sales when we accidentally end up on this side of town. We drive right pass this Target and collectively say "WTF was that?!?". We turned around, found out it was a Target and made our monthly trip to Target a day earlier.Outside of this place is super fancy, with glass windows all over the place and underground parking. Yes, this is a two-story Target on stilts. It earns it an extra star for architectural creativity. The inside however, is just your normal run-of-the-mill Target outside of an extended Starbucks/deli with tons of windows that can accommodate the nearby students.If you are looking to do some heavy duty shopping and fill your cart, you might want to do it at a non-busy time. There's only one elevator, I could only imagine how hard it would be to get out of here during the Christmas rush.Nothing else is real special about this location, but I wish the heads at Target would build more locations like this. Building up is very smart, you don't waste all that land with the parking lot sprawled out.
5	I live on Midvale Boulevard. Was very pleased with "Space Target"'s selection, layout, and location.  Even saw taxis waiting outside.
5	I love Target and am fortunate enough to live a couple steps away from my favorite one.  It's identical to the Wal-Mart Super Center  in Monona minus the slave Chinese labor, horrible management, being face-face with the worst society has too offer, unkept aisles, poor quality merchandise and employees so depressed goth kids seem chipper.Like most Target, the store never seems over-crowded, customers want to be there (rather than feeling they have no other option), great carts, desirable merchandise and friendly employees.  Even better, this has a full grocery, a Starbucks and escalators (I did mention it was just a short walk from my residence)! Sure Target cost a little bit more than Wal-Mart, but if a slight premium is paid for not feeling physically ill, it's totally worth it. This review is only meant for Target shoppers and current customers.  I do not want too many people in the store ruining my Target buzz.
3	Not so much for grocery shopping- they have limited options.But they have some great stuff for sale. Not a bad choice at all for your daily clothes, and other appliances.
4	I am a big fan of Target and this is one of the nicest ones I have shopped at. As another reviewer described it, it is Target on stilts. With two stories and underground parking. Which is super helpful for this freezing part of the country. The interior is very unique with glass walls, which provide nice views of University ave. Their layout is user friendly and the staff is nice. The rest of it is the same stuff that makes Target Target. My favorite part is the cart escalator. You put your cart on an escalator designed just for carts and it meets you at the next level. Super cool. They have elevators available too for those who would rather ride with their carts.
3	+ Covered parking is awesome during the crummy winter months+ The crew does a great job of wrangling shopping carts+ Bright, clean, airy, well organized store+ Plenty of check out lanes- Check out lanes aren't staffed to adequate levels during busy times+ It's a Target; you come here for cheap clothing, cleaning supplies, and deodorant+ And maybe a gift-card that serves as a great last-minute gift for that person who's birthday you forgot
2	The Target out in Sun Prairie is much better. This target, while bigger, has a crappy selection of products in my opinon. Also, it seems that prices here are much more expensive than at the other locations. This could be due to location and demand. I get it as a business model but considering they have a huge customer base of young adults and college students, it would be great if the prices weren't through the roof.I came to this Target because I needed to pass time and wanted to purchase some hair dye. They seemed to have only sold 3-4 brands of dyes and their products geared more so towards African Americans where hardly non existence.  They are really a place of convenience it seems.Happy I don't live on this side of town or I would probably would be forced to not shop at Target again. As I stated previously, the Target in Sun Prairie is much better. I will stick with that location.
5	The team members are always great! The store is clean and you'll always experience a great vibe here
