3	This is a great thrift/consignment shop near uptown Charlotte.  You can get clothing for men, women and children, as well as shoes, hats, scarves, home accessories, jewelry, coats and hats.  The prices are great, and you can really get some good deals when they have end-of-season sales.  Dressing rooms are available. Tips:- Parking is tight but worth it.- Closed on Mondays.
5	Best thrift store I have found so far in Charlotte. A very small portion of the store is consignment. The selection here is very nice. The quality of the items in this store is impressive! Its hard to find a bad item in this store. The worst thing about this store is to try to figure what not to buy.  Love it!!! I got my wedding dress here, normally retails for a few thousand and I got it for just over $100.My dad went there to look for a suit, he was pleasantly surprised the items were an additional 30% off for their summer sale. He got a suit for $20!!! I highly recommend this  thrift store for those with a discerning sense of style on a budget.
3	I've been to this location a few times and, while it's quite a large store, I've struck out each time. Starting to think, maybe it's me?!But in all seriousness, JL Wearhouse has a pretty diverse section of clothing (for men, women and kids), accessories, shoes, homewares, etc. The store is well organized and the employees have also been chipper and helpful when I've chatted with them. Word on the street is that this particular location does indeed get some super duds on occasion, so it's helpful to be in know before you go!I spotted some really nice Joe's jeans for $12, a ton of Banana Republic trousers for $10-$15 and a bundle of cute jackets and coats in the $15-$20 range. As Donna mentioned, there are a plethora of dressing rooms in the back...but I swear the mirrors came straight out of a fun house. I swear I'm not that stout...am I?!
3	I really wavered between giving this place a 2.5 and a 3.5, so I settled on 3 stars. Here's why:The shop has really quality items. Nice pieces, and a range of sizes, which as a plus size girl (size 18) I love. But I've been here twice and almost talked myself into purchasing items, before I came to my senses and left. It's just not my style, or really, anyone under 40's style, I don't think. And sure, you could dress down the pieces, but honestly, if you're a vintage/thrift hound like me, there are better deals on more unique pieces to be had at Value Village.
4	Like any other thrift store or consignment shop, sometimes you strike out and sometimes you really hit it!   I definitely find this place to be hit or miss.. sometimes I find great items in the consignment section, and occasionally, I find really super stuff back in the thrift area.  Sometimes I find absolutely nothing worth while.  So, it's a fun store when you have a lot of time to really treasure-hunt.  However, be warned, I have definitely found some problem pieces back in the thrift area - especially with tops and sweaters - you really have to check for stains, picks, or other imperfections.   However, the consignment items I have purchased here were either brand-new with tags, or nearly new with no indication of previous wear & tear.
2	While I have never had tons of luck thrifting I keep holding out for a perfect gently-used mecca and was told this place has a lot of nice designer duds at good prices. I love going to thrift in Chicago because I can generally always find something - but no such luck here.Perhaps I have to be in more of the searching mood but this place didn't seem to have much that I would pay the amount listed. For example, there was a badly worn black  gap dress for $10 - worth more like $3. I noticed the trend with a lot of the dresses at least. It is a bit pricey for questionable quality so I'll keep the search going for a cool consignment shop.
4	I almost hesitate to write about this best-kept secret in CLT, but the JLW is without doubt the best friend of a person trying to dress respectably on a budget.They've got a lot of nice clothes rolling through their shop, including a lot of good dress clothes, and the difference between JLW and the Salvation Army is that the JLW goods are in better shape.  Much better shape.  This means you're going to pay a little more, but it's worth it and then some.And while there, check out the housewares section.  They've often got really useful gadgets on those shelves.
4	This place is pretty good!  They have a small cozy well run and well stocked store.  All of the items are clearly marked and assembled according to size.I went with my tailor and for $95 we were able to get about 5 good quality dress shirts and one Hart Shaefer Marx suit.  It took only about an hour. I will probably go back once a month to check in and see what they have in stock.ddc
5	My last visit to the JLW was sometime in 2011.  It was not a good visit and I vowed not to come back.  Today, I had to deliver some Girl Talk Prom Project dresses that were collected after the event.  I was in need of a formal dress/gown for an upcoming event so I took a look.  There were many dresses/gowns to choose from.  I had to make two trips to the dressing room where I had taken at least six outfits on each trip.  Today, I made out with a nice black gown - $35 (needs slight alterations) and a Vera Wang dress - $67.  This was a steel and it is a pretty blue color.  I can pass this one on to my daughters.  I also purchased a cute dress for one of my oldest daughter at the mere cost of $9 - a real steal!  I guess April/May is a great time to shop JLW vs. other times of the year.  I will definitely go back and hopefully, will find more great bargains.  Oh, and they now have Frequent Shopper cards!
2	Junior League Wearhouse gets a big fat eye roll for their pricing, yet I still randomly pop in.  Every once in a while I might find something that I like, but even if I really like it- it is usually overpriced.  You know, I guess they have the right to charge what ever they want to charge and I just need to quit going.  And they aren't fooling anyone with their consignment section either. Please.
4	I've been a fan of JLW for years. As with all consignment/thrift shops, it can be hit or miss. (What I never miss out on is their annual gambler's sale.) When I'm not walking out empty-handed, I've been lucky enough to find true gems here, like a Gucci wallet for $5 and a purse with my very own initials!It's a clean, well-organized store and the staff is friendly and accomodating when you happen to find a hole in the pocket of a purple Columbia fleece jacket you found from the consignment rack. I find myself at the JLW more than any other thrift shop in town.
3	Nice clothes but a little pricey.  I was able to find 3 tops at a half off for around $13.00.  I would not buy unless it was a sale price.
3	I randomly saw this place while having lunch last week. I remembered hearing of it so decided to stop in. Most items were name brand (gap, banana repbulic, ralph lauren, etc). Everything organized fairly well. I walked out with 4 skirts and men's shorts for only $75. Also, you get a 'loyalty' type card. You get a stamp after you spend $25. After 5 purchases of $25, you get 30% off your next total purchase.One big downside of this place is checking out. Junior League members volunteer in the store, which is great! But it definitely makes for a very slow check out process.  I really wanted to poke my eyes out waiting.Accept visa and mastercard. Not american express
4	've been to the the Wearhouse about 3 times and I spent at least two hours there each time.  If you're not into combing racks for buried treasures resale shops may not be the places for you.  For me finding great deals on some awesome clothes is almost like winning a game even though your team was down with only 5 seconds left on the clock.  Perseverance plus dedication to the win (landing multiple good deals) = VICTORY!  However, if you're not as hard core as I am but still like going to the occasional resale shop let me help you navigate this store.The Wearhouse is very well organized and divided into two sections.  The front section of the store is consignment which includes the designer brands.  I've seen brands from Marc Jacobs and DVF to J.Crew and Seven for All Mankind.  These items can be a bit pricey but you can still find some really good deals.  Towards the back of the store is the thrift section.  Some of the brands I've seen in this section have been Express, Forever 21 and those that can be found in any typical clothing store.  The thrift items are significantly less expensive than the consignment items but there are more to sift through.  The great thing about the pricing of many of the items is that after a specific date the price goes down.  For example, you've just found a jacket in consignment in which your mind flashes through all of the different places you will wear it and the numerous compliments you'll receive.  When you snap back to reality you realize that although the jacket may enhance your life, it's a bit more than you want to spend.  No worries, just look on the price tag and there is information on the exact date in which the price will be reduced and what it will be reduced to.  Another great perk about shopping at JLC Wearhouse is that there are sales all of the time.  There is also a frequent shopper program in which you can get 30% off of a purchase after you make 5 purchases of $25.  Sounds great right?  If I haven't enticed you to check out the store yet maybe a recount of my last shopping spree will!2 pairs of J. Crew pants1 pair of purple palazzo pants (Only $4! They are my favs!!)1 suit1 J. Crew dress2 cashmere sweaters (Banana Republic)2 shirts (1 of which was a Paul Stuart.  Generally retail for at least $200.)Grand Total: $92
5	I LOVE this place!! I've been shopping here for 6 years. I always find such luxurious high end clothes at huge discounts! Just yesterday I bought a beautiful Kate Spade top with the tags still attached, the original price was $275.00 and at the Wearhouse on consignment I bought it for $12.00!!! I will be shopping here forever!
