4	I got a pretty deep dent  at the corner of my rear bumper. Both Zimbrick and Gate's Auto in town told me I had to replace my bumper and paint the whole thing (~$900). I found out this store from Ads; they specialize specifically in small cosmetic defect repair. They could do the job within a day and I paid ~$335. Oh, they also said they can touch up some chipped spots on the hoods for only an additional $10. When i got the car back, I totally couldn't tell the history.The staff is also very courteous. They've got pix on their website.
1	My friend, who recently got a new used car had a few scratches.  Based on someone's recommendation we decided to checkout Auto Color.  The owner (Joe) sounded very confident that the scratches would disappear when we first went there so we decided to have him do the work.  The price was very reasonable.After we got it done, we were surprised because the outcome was no where close.  What was even worse was that the car had been driven 20 miles when it shouldn't have been moved any more than a few hundred yards!We were going to have him detail the whole car, but decided to try their service out on the scratches.  I am glad we did that because I am confident that the their detailing service would have been a similar disappointment.I am not sure how good they are at repairing dents, but if you are looking for finer detailing services then look elsewhere.
2	I just got a follow-up call from Joe.  He said that his guys working at the shop generally don't have much time to drive the cars.  Neither of us have any evidence to prove either way so I have suggested that they start writing down the mileage on the worksheets, and to point it out before and after the job.As far as the actual work is concerned, my position is the same.  Joe said that it was probably a miscommunication that resulted in me having unrealistic expectations.
5	Someone backed into my husband's car in the parking garage at his work. Smart Toyota recommended taking his car to Ball Auto Body, so we did.. They quoted us $1800 (the printed estimate was four sheets long and $1200 was labor, not to mention it'd take 5 days). A colleague told us about Auto Color so we decided to drop in for an estimate. When we got there, the front desk manager (Andy) had just stepped outside to help another customer. No biggie. But immediately, the owner (Joe) came out of his office and greeted us. He walked us outside to our car and assessed the damage himself.. He told us EXACTLY what they'd need to do to make it look brand new again and provided us with an exact cost. With tax, we paid about $800 and it only took them 2 days to fix. This place is great! NO BULL SH*T businesses like Auto Color deserve much praise. Joe and Andy are top-notch! If we ever need more work done in the future, we'll definitely be going back to them.
