5	Michelle is an awesome practitioner. I had my first ever Full Brazilian!!! I was very nervous and she made me feel so comfortable. I am a big woman and she made me feel good about that too. She has a great personality and really knows what she is doing. I also had my eyebrows threaded and I love that too. I am going back for sure.
5	Michelle was excellent. Very precise and thorough. I had a Brazilian wax and she made me feel very comfortable. She used different wax types depending on the area and tailored it to me. I also had my eyebrows threaded, which I had never done before. She made sure to take into account exactly how I wanted them (I am very picky about my eyebrows and I did NOT want them too thin) - so we talked for several minutes before she even started to determine the shape, where to take off, etc. She also has great hours and is very flexible. I would definitely go back.
5	Yesterday, I had a facial & massage with Michelle. She is my favorite person to get Service from. She is so knowledgeable of what my body needs. The facial was a special treat for me. Loved every minute I was there.  Which was 2 hrs. Her place is very relaxing and in a beautiful plaza. Right next to the W6 hotel in downtown Tempe. I recommend anyone who wants to treat them self Michelle is the best.
5	Michelle was unbelievable! I was lucky enough to find her via Groupon where I'm always concerned it will be a less than stellar place...boy was I wrong!It was a cute and beautiful location. Upon entry she asked where I needed the most work before the message was to begin. I realize most ask the question but she went above and beyond by spending the entire time on only my neck & back where I was in the most pain. She worked and worked giving it her all to make sure it was loosened up and to ensure I would leave feeling better and in comfort.We also reviewed some cooling, soothing, & healing tips, tricks, and phone apps!I promise you will not be disappointed, this was the best massage I've had in my 43 years of life!!!
5	Michelle is amazing.  She does it all in her one room day spa.  I had a full face threading and eyebrow tint and the most amazing facial I've ever had.  She has a great touch and sensibility in choosing the facial I needed.The environment is clean and warm.  I was on there 90 min. but felt like I was transported away for hours.She also does massage.I highly recommend her.
5	Michelle has been my waxer since 2006 I will not go to anyone else in Phoenix unless she decides to move.  Love the atmosphere she creates for you! She is great!
5	Husband and I both got two hour deep tissue massages as graduation presents. Michele is a badass who found and destroyed every bit of tension. She was completely and quickly responsive to any changes in intensity I needed - soft or something with a little more oomf! With starting back to school for another degree, I plan on making more visits to her shop in the salon suite.
5	Michelle is so good at what she does!! I got a full eyebrow threading, and I had NEVER had any waxing or threading before, but She is just so nice and truly cares (she even made sure that I parked in the right place so I didn't get towed)! she let's you know exactly what she's going to do-step by step, and let me see the progress after each tweak of my eyebrows at a time to make sure I was happy, because we all know eyebrows are delicate! Lol Definitely go see her!!
5	I enjoyed my time with her. Her suite is located at w6. Ummmm I don't know what to say. She did a great job on my eyebrows and I'm happy.
5	AMAZING!! She stopped in my office and gave me a little sample massage. The best 10 mins ever! I'll be booking a full appointment asap.
5	Michelle is friendly and fantastic at giving pedicures and manicures massages too! :-) highly recommended! My massage was invigorating! One of the best I've ever had
5	I moved to Phoenix about 4 months ago and have been searching high and low for someone who knows how to thread and do it well. As always I looked to yelp for help and found Michelle. I cannot say enough about this woman. She is so friendly, attentive and extremely gentle. She listened to my concerns and made sure I was happy with her service before I left. I had my full face threaded and it was the best threading experience I have ever had. The price was a little more expensive than I'm use to paying but she is well worth it. I will definitely be going back. I hear she gives excellent massages too.
5	I moved to Phoenix about 1.5 months ago and have been searching  for someone who does good facials.  I looked to yelp for help and found Michelle. She is so friendly, attentive and extremely gentle. She listened to my concerns and made sure I was happy with her service before I left. I had a facial and it was the best facials I have ever had. The price was a little more expensive than I'm use to paying but she is well worth it. I will definitely be going back.
5	My brows were perfect. Michelle really knows her stuff and has such a light touch! I'll be back!
5	I recently moved to Tempe and I have to say that I've had the best eyebrow threading with Michelle! She is very personable and always attentive to your needs. While threading she will periodically ask if you are okay with the results so far which is really settling if you've ever had a botched eyebrow job. I've gotten my eyebrows threaded and waxed a few times before finding Michelle, but now I only thread because of my sensitive skin and I won't get threading done anywhere else! If you're contemplating if you should see Michelle or go somewhere else, don't hesitate. Go to Michelle, and you won't be disappointed!
