5	Sesame Inn was the place we went when we wanted Chinese food when I was growing up in Pittsburgh. My family owned a Chinese restaurant themselves and when they wanted Chinese food this is where we went. I remember the walnut chicken and the orange beef the most. What I would give to have some. The dumplings were also a favorite of mine too!! Just another place I will be sure to visit when I travel back to the Burgh.
4	Nice atmosphere, good food - Sesame Inn gets an A in my book.  The service is good - I especially like the man who has been refilling water glasses since I was in middle school and always smiles at you.  There is a room off the main dining room to support larger groups, a full bar, and a great menu.  The lunch specials are very affordable, even to high school students, and can be packed on days when school lets out early.As far as the food goes, everything is delicious.  The hot and sour soup is great, the ma po bean curd is the best I've ever had, and even their newest offering of pad thai is pretty good.  Whether you're taking out, eating in, or having food delivered, everything here is delicious.
5	They have the best Chinese food in the South Hills!!!I always get the amazing chicken and it is amazing. We have been going here for about 10 years or more and have never had a problem.Have good lunch prices tooThe only drawback is the parking is a little crazy
3	Friends and I were looking to order Chinese food on a Sunday afternoon. Unfortunately, Sesame Inn doesn't deliver until after 4pm. They're prices are a little more expensive than other Chinese places I've been too and the quantity of food is less as well. Quality of the food we ordered was find though and ready for pick-up when we arrived. Unless I was really craving Chinese food, I'd probably go with somewhere else.
3	It's been a little while since I was at this specific location, but the chain--as a whole--is decent.PROS:Large portionsFlavorful dishesVery nice staffObviously a clean restaurantCONS:Significantly overpriced for run of the mill Chinese food.(It's just that) Very run of the mill, nothing is very original or unique from the norm @ Chinese restaurants.Nothing much else of interest to really point out.Very basic after that.The restaurant is very normal for Chinese style restaurants.  No frills.
5	I love this place!  I've been eating here since I was a little kid and it's always been a favorite!  The lunch menu is a great deal because it includes a soup or egg roll, so we usually try to go for lunch.The staff is always really friendly and quick.  My dad is a dentist in uptown Mt. Lebanon and even though this is a sit-down restaurant, you can always run in for a quick lunch and make it back to the office on time.  Take-out is very convenient too.  We often get take-out and it's usually ready to pick up around 15 minutes after you order it!I think the prices are pretty reasonable.  You can usually get lunch for under $10.  Dinner is a little pricier, but the dinners are definitely big enough for 2 people to share.On top of all that, the food is really good!  I've lived in LA for a year now and obviously there are a ton of places to get Chinese food out here, but I still think that Sesame Inn is my favorite! I definitely highly recommend this place!  I know I'm always dying to eat here every time I'm in Pittsburgh!
3	Honey Moon Duck? Yes, please. Now, I haven't had it in over 6 years, but I do remember getting it at some point in my life [OK, several -- no, make that many] points in my life, and it was good.It's Chinese Food. They have a decent dining room, they do decent entrees, and they do take-out. Are you looking for something more?No; you really just want the Honey Moon Duck [for two; and yes, you'll be eating the whole thing yourself].
4	My grandmother lives in Washington, PA. Several times a year, I go to visit her and we make the trek to Sesame Inn. I absolutely love their lettuce wraps, Pad Thai, and/or Singapore Noodles. We normally share the wraps and an order of the Pad Thai. It is a huge portion. Even while sharing, we still take left overs home! Great!!!!
4	If you are looking for authentic Chinese food, this isn't the place.  If you are looking for well made food with generous portions, you have come to the right place!
5	This is the only Chinese restaurant I will go to.  The quality of their meat is much higher than anything I've found at the chain/buffet-type places.  I love the Ginger Chicken, Double Delight (chicken and shrimp in brown sauce), and the Happy Family (chicken, shrimp, scallops, pork, and beef in brown sauce).I've had the Salt and Pepper Shrimp which were good, but I prefer Chinese food that has some sauce on it.I love the baby corn that comes with the meal and the zucchini.The prices are higher than your standard Chinese place, but I feel that you get what you pay for.
3	A small group and couldn't decide what type of food to get...so we went to Sesame.  Fun place for a small group, you can share and try different items on the menu.  The Thai items on the menu caught my eye or was it my taste buds.  Enjoyed the Pad Thai Shrimp, while the menu states it is spicy, not to much, was expecting more spice.  Sampled another Pad Thai, forgot the name, and it was not as spicy as I was expecting but good.  The Amazing Chicken turn out to be not so amazing.  It was OK but expected more.     SI is popular and I can see why.  Nice place and good service.
4	YUMMY! Not your typical chinese food what-so-ever.If you get the right waitress who can understand you she can help you work around the gluten free options and tells you what to avoid. They also have a thai menu, their pad thai and curry is very good. It has good flavor and is a large portion. I always have enough for the next day or two. Their lunch menu is the perfect size, it incudes a smaller portion, hot tea and soup/eggroll whichever you prefer, obviously I give both of those to whoever I am eating with. Great for Take-out!
5	My wife and I and our son love this restaurant. Once you have Chinese food here you will select this as your top Chinese restaurant. Everyone is so friendly, the service is excellent and the food always comes nice and hot. They also have some excellent Thai specialties. I recommend the KieWan if you like Thai dishes. The amazing chicken will keep you coming back time and time again.  I cannot recommend this place enough; try it and I bet you agree.
2	If you're seeking bland, salty, Chinese food where every entree tastes exactly the same as the other...this is your place!
5	I am from Pittsburgh but live in San Francisco now, and I come home to eat at this place Every Single Time. Best Chinese food of my life... veggie dumplings and some amazing chicken ALWAYS hit the spot.
3	Nice interiors ...food's just like any other chinese restaurant offering
4	We typically come over here for lunches which are always very good and relatively cheap. Personally I don't usually think of a dinner out at a Chinese Restaurant is going to be excellent but this place was Dyn-O-mite! We had reservations for 6 people on a Saturday night around 7:00 but got caught up in really bad traffic and couldn't make it until closer to 7:45. we called to adjust our reservation time and they had no issue to accommodate us. It is simple enough just to park across the street in the public lot than drive around for street parking I think that the lot may even be free on Saturday nights. The plate serving sizes are pretty large so it makes it easy for everyone to try a little of everything which is the way we ran the dinner with our group. We order way too much food to say the least. Everything was flavorful and served up[ hot and steamy. We had so many dishes that I can't talk about how awesome each one was but the one that really stood out to me was the mussaman curry and fried tofu.Usually with a group of 6 or more a smaller place like this might be overwhelmed with getting the plates out in a timely manner and relatively close together but this place did an excellent job. I will definitely put this place in my places to go for dinner file after this experience.
1	This is my first yelp review. I set up a account just for this review.  I was deeply sadden by the food I received today. I first started coming here since 1993. I have moved to Midwest four years later. However,  every times I drive thru Pittsburgh,I always stopped here. I really enjoy the general Tso' s chicken. As part of preparation, chicken was fried ahead of time,and fried again when you order, That is why their general Tso's Chicken was so crispy and aromatic when served. I did not have to make this stop, but after driving 450 miles, I wanted a decent meal.Well, I stopped by and order the Dish for carry out. When I open them(it was not long, 30 minutes or less), they were so soggy, and based on my experience who grew up on Chinese food, it was not fried the second time. The difference? They tasted worse than Buffet dish sitting above the steamer for hours. Furthermore, I have ordered the shrimp with garlic sauce. Shrimp was hard to chew. It seems like the shrimp the simmered in the sauce for ages. There was no aroma from garlic or onion. Being a decent cook myself, I can tell you those dishes I ordered were not cooked by the main chef, or secondary chef. I suspect this is  probably made by the guy who station the fryer. Truly, the taste of those two dishes were so awful, I toss them out. I purchase those passing Pittsburgh, not really possible asking for refund.I have had so much memory with this place. Rest assured, I won't be coming ever. It was so bad, I would not dear to try again. I do hope the owner sees this, and make a statement of this incident. I eager to see you standby your dishes again. If I see owner's rebuttal, I would love to call the owner to discuss this encounter further, and willing to be convinced to come back.Sincerely
5	Phenomenal! The new sushi bar compares favorably to what I eat in Los Angeles.  I will absolutely go back.  The Chinese food is also authentic - sure there are basic things that satisfy most appetites but the variety is truly special.  Service is terrific - will absolutely go back next time in town!
3	BF and I went here at 9pm on a Friday night, when they closed at 10, and I have to say everyone was very nice, considering they probably wanted to wrap up and leave. Plus, my chicken egg roll was amazing. BF's general tso shrimp was very good. Minus, we each got a very little bowl of rice, and when we packed up our leftovers we had to ask for more rice and received very, very, little containers. Another minus/plus, the flavor of my Capital Chicken was very good, a lot of chicken, good sauce, however, for $14, I had too many questionable pieces of chicken. I expect that from a cheap hole in the wall Chinese place where you pay $7, but for $14 and being the Sesame Inn, I definitely expected more!
4	Tasty Chinese food and equally tasty sushi. Friendly staff.
5	Absolutely amazing I usually don't venture out and we went to a new restaurant and I got a new dish, Capitol chicken it was truly amazing, wait staff is always there when you need them. would definitely go back!
4	Some of the highest quality and best Chinese food you'll find in the area, but with a price tag. This is a place to head to celebrate, not to consistently order out.
5	Like a lot of Asian places in Pittsburgh, they offer a mix of Thai, Japanese, and Chinese dishes. I liked their Kamikazi rolls. I LOVED their House Duck Special. Soooo succulent. The service was really good. The decor is stately.
1	The oil to sauce ratio for my Kung pao chicken was 1:1 - maybe worse.  I couldn't eat it.  I literally had to rinse it off under hot water in order to salvage a few bites.  This isn't the first time that I have had this problem here.  Takeout is gross.  I won't be back.
5	A wonderful place every time, I order things that are different, are they are find with it I like the volcano chicken with general So's sauce and they never make a fuss about it. And it still comes out perfect, no hassle ,
4	Stopped here for the first time for dinner. The portions were huge! And its not expensive at all. I had broccoli and chicken in white sauce with steamed rice, and hot tea.  It was good. The staff was friendly. I'd defiantly go back if I'm ever in the area again and wanting Chinese cuisine.
4	We were freezing cold after sitting through a football game and I wanted Chinese food to warm me up. We almost turned away because of the look of the outside - don't let it fool you.  Go in, and upstairs and it will be well worth the choice.This was one of the best Chinese meals I've had in many, many years. The hot/sour soup was very good, the egg roll, also good.  We tried the 3 Rivers Roll - OMG....I'll be craving that for a very, very long time.  We also go General Tsao's chicken - chunks of white meat and nicely crispy, lo-main, shrimp and garlic and a seafood dish (yep, only 3 of us, so WAY too much).  Everything was fantastic.  We'd go back in a heartbeat!!!
