5	Love it.  I am a Monty Python fan and I really enjoyed the trip down memory lane but I believe the best parts were those that were new to me.Before you see the show look for the Monty Python slot machines in the Wynn Casino, it is a great appetizer for the show to come.
5	THIS SHOW WAS FREAKING GREATNESS!! OK, admittedly I am a Monty Python fan and believe that Holy Grail is one of the best written comedies of all time. I expected to laugh but this still this exceeded my expectations. The play captures all of the great bits from the movie but gives them new life. For diehards, there are also brief inclusions of items from the Lumberjack Song and Life of Brian. The Vegas twists were icing the cake (i.e Excalibur Casino standing in for Camelot, an extremely juggy but telented Lady of the Lake). Funny from beginning to end! The most expensive ticket is $99. Face it, you could lose that at the craps table in 5 minutes. Take that money and bet on a sure thing.  Spamalot will not disappoint!
5	This show was awesome. I went with a few friends and one lost her voice from laughing so hard. It was a great time and I would tell everyone to go and see this show. There were some nice little vegas touches which made the show that much better.The store was overpriced but some of the stuff was cute.
5	This is some funny shit - definitely go see it! Knights of the round table, Killer bunnies, gay discos, Broadway and Jews, songs about songs, SPAM?! i honestly have no idea what the story line of this show is, but i highly recommend it.i liked it so much that i went to the gift shop and bought a pair of boxers for $18 that reads: "I FART IN YOUR GENERAL DIRECTION!"
5	To be honest, I always really hated monty python. i thought the movies were dumb, and I actually fell asleep watching them, so even though I had heard spamalot was funny, I was not expecting to enjoy this production. Boy, I was wrong. This show was so funny, and so good.  Being jewish, I really appreciated the song about needing jews, it was hillarious, and also I loved when they were singing songs that were supposed to be there. Basically this whole play was amazingly done. We saw the understudy of the character for "the lady of the water" but she was amazing, and it shocked me that she was only the understudy.   Also, I liked how they added some cute vegas touches. :) Definitely go and see this show!
1	I really don't get it.I'm in Vegas for work and a coworker said lets go see a show. Spamalot looked like it might be good, and it was roundly well received here. Maybe I missed the part at the beginning where the whole audience got high, but the only thing funny about this show was how bad it was. For a comedy, it was uniquely un-funny. My favorite part was an off the cuff remark about the seat D101 guy's shirt from O'Hurley. I'm sure it's just me; the crowd gave a standing ovation and all the other Yelpers liked it. I just really don't get it.
1	(originally posted this in late SEPT ... I checked back recently, and inexplicably found my review missing?!?!  What happened here, Yelp, did someone from teh show contact you and ask to remove my and my coworkers negative review?!?!?!)Spamalot in Vegas was miserable, just miserable :(Some background on me - big MP fan, love the Holy Grail movie, and for the most part I really enjoy broadway-type musicals (e.g., just saw Avenue Q in SF, it was hilarous & awesome!).I've been wanting to see Spamalot on Broadway ever since I heard about it last year ... from what I'd heard, the show was very well received in NY and was hilarious.  So when I found out it was playing in Vegas, I was stoked ... my only fear was whether or not the show had been "vegasized," but after reading the reviews on Yelp! that fear was allayed.Well, future yelpers reading this beware - this show is _terrible_, just absolutely bad ... and doubly so if you buy the tix at $100+ face value as we did :(I gotta think that the original production was nothing like the Vegas show (that much "kitzsh" and predictible, bad jokes could never have gone over well, could it?!?!), and that they mukked with the show to make it more palatable to typical 50+ Vegas showgoers ... that's the only thing I can think (said crowd, btw, gave this show an inexplicable standing ovation ... unreal).Show had only two saving graces, imho - the "lady of the lake" actress had a great voice, and some relatively funny lines; and the "jews on broadway" number was mildly amusing.Anyway, strongly advise against this for MP and Holy Grail fans, and probably anyone else under 45.  OTOH, if you enjoy Vegas glitz and glam paired with obvious & predictable jokes, perhaps you'll enjoy this show as well.
3	I always heard great things about Monty Python the movie but I never seen the movie myself.I didn't quite get all or maybe most of the jokes, but it was still fun.  Great music, total randomness and just strange things that keeps you awake.Some complaints I heard are that the jokes are the same as the movie and I also heard some people went to sleep.  The person I was with was a hardcore Monty Python fan, but said it was less than expected.At the same time, the guy behind me was having the time of his life laughing at every joke or.. just a sentence.  Possibly drunk.It was "ok" nothing people gave a standing ovation to, but nothing that left me feeling ripped off.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed this show.  I haven't seen the movies, but I did pick up on some of the other shows they based a few of the jokes on (Fiddler on the Roof and The Producers).  The entire thing was silly and entertaining, with great acting and a few very talented singers (loved Lady of the Lake!)
5	I'm not even going to attempt to describe the plot, or anything else about this show. If you want those kind of details, Google can get you everything you want to know. Suffice it to say that I'm not a dyed in the wool Monty Python fan, but I am a big fan of this show. It's silly, its plot is weak...but so what? It's just a whole lot of fun. One of my favorite shows in Las Vegas.
4	I don't know anything about Monty Python at all.  I didn't know if it was a TV show, a movie, a cartoon, or what.  But the BF wanted to see it the moment my mom sent him an email about it.  (Yeah, my mom emails the BF.)We caught the Sunday night 8 pm showing and sat  in the cheap seats - the Mezzanine section, aka Section 3, front row.  Ticket prices range from $69, $89, $99 and to $159 for the VIP package*.  (And of course, we took advantage of being a local!)  I wasn't sure what I was getting myself into, or if I would even get the humor of the show.  But I did catch on.  It's a slap stick kind of humor, a mockery of sorts.  It's a musical that makes fun of other musicals, and it may take awhile for you to 'get it.'But overall, it's a fun show.  I don't think I would pay top dollar for this show especially since I'm not a Monty Python fan, but those who appreciate the humor will enjoy it.3.5 rating* "VIP ticket holders will be escorted behind the curtain and taken backstage to see the inner sanctum of the Strip's funniest show. They will sign a blood oath, swearing not to reveal any of the secrets, and violators will be impaled on a spike...includes "Secrets of the Grail" 45-minute backstage tour after the show;  commemorative Grail cup (filled with beer or soft drink); and guests will be able to take once-in-a-lifetime photos with cast and crew, set pieces and props."  There's only a limited number of VIP tickets available for every show except Saturdays and the tours begin immediately after the performance.  They are dark on Thursdays.
4	Really fun, really cute, but not a must-see kind of show, in my opinion. If you like Monty Python, you'll like Spamalot. If you like Monty Python and you LOVE big Broadway musicals, you'll love Spamalot.
4	This review has spoilers. Um, but I guess if you're a MP fan you already know all the spoilers.I liked this show a whole lot. I don't remember the movies much but who's not gonna love a show that has coconuts, a killer rabbit, a song and dance number proclaiming "I'm not dead yet," and a sing-a long to "Always look on the bright side of life?" This show is an experience just like Vegas is.
4	Cute and fun show. Highly entertaining and contains some clever jokes, especially if you are a Monty Python fan. However, the only reason I wouldn't reccommend this is it's not exactly "Vegas" if you know what I mean. There are no over the top parts with insane glitz, in short it's not the normal type of "spectacle" you might expect in Sin City. I would reccommend this if you have seen all of the other Vegas type extravaganzas and are looking for something different.
4	I've seen some, but not a lot of Monty Python.  I've never seen Monty Python and the Holy Grail, but I watched a couple of episodes of the series they had playing on Wynn TV before actually seeing the show.  I must say, I really enjoyed myself.  I can see why this Broadway show is so popular.At first, I was a little skeptical about a Broadway show in Vegas. How much did they cut out?  From my experience as a musical theater buff, shows usually run 3 hours.  I haven't seen the original of this show.  Regardless, this show is very professional and for 90 minutes, it's just musical fun.  It was enough to make me love the soundtrack.  Now I understand the stories of the Black Knight, the coconuts, and the killer rabbits.  HAHAHA!John O'Hurley  was King Arthur in this production.  He was good, but he didn't really have a big singing part.  It's a funny show and the actors seemed to have a great time performing in it.  Nikki Crawford played the Lady of the Lake - wow!  The woman can sing.  If you can't get to New York to see the Broadway version, then go enjoy it on the smaller stage in Vegas.  You don't even have to know that much about Monty Python.
5	Didn't know much at all about Monty Python pre-show, but after show, I want to see it all!! No, really.Killer rabbit?  Yes.  Coconuts?  Yes.  Bitchy Frenchmen? Yes.  Political Incorrectness? Yes.  Cliche fulfilling? Yes.  A sing-a-long?  Hell yes. Hilarious show, equal opportunity offending and all around a fun time!
4	I've actually never seen Monty Python and the Holy Grail.  My friend said the movie was slightly different.  The show was funnier than I expected, since I never really understood the appeal of the movies.  In particular I like how the show took turns and made fun of everyone.  I don't really want to spoil anything so I'm being purposely vague. Fans of Monty Python and/or musicals should enjoy this.
4	I was really excited when my friend got us comp tickets to this show. However, I really loved Monty Python's Holy Grail movie more than this show. They touched on a few parts from the movie, but added tons to make it more "Vegas" (especially with all the songs). It was still witty in its own right, and it was great to see John O' Hurley playing King Arthur. I guess I can't expect too much from a 1 1/2 hour show. Still very entertaining and quirky, so I still liked it a lot. If you want to laugh to jokes that you would need to think about, you should definitely see this...The killer bunny....Honey SPAM... (which was only really mentioned probably once during the whole show...)...the Knights who say Ni.... Gay knights...These are the things to expect at this show...
4	Spam, spam, spam...Ok, so... I cheated slightly.  I'm assuming that this show is just as good as it was on Broadway.  I caught this show in the Big Apple and it was the best!  I've always loved Brit humor and Monty Python is just that.You should definitely try to catch it, even if it were in a smaller production or large drawn out number in Vegas.CLICK HERE FOR HALF PRICED TICKETShttp://www.goldstar.com/?p=f292244ff26
4	This was a blast.  An absolute joy and gut wrenchingly funny. Great comfortable seats at the Wynn and a banging choice of a musical.  Good stuff -- money well spent
5	Oh.My.God.After a major let down the previous evening with the Beatles Love, in comes Spamalot gleaming like...well...a knight in shining armor of course!I am a huge fan of Broadway and Musical Theater in general.  So take one of my favorite movies and make it a musical? Awesome.  However even after I bought the soundtrack a few years ago, I was never really wowed or gave it many spins.  I assure you that will change.This was a spectacular performance!  The plot wove very well the fragmented bits of the film with newer bits to create 90 minutes of theater where I didn't check my watch once.  There were far more production numbers than even the Producers, and each was executed flawlessly!  And did Jonathan O'Hurley ever blow me away! Who knew he was such a triple threat, but he absolutely dominated the role of King Arthur.  Erica Ash as the Lady of the Lake had an astounding voice with perfect control, which she used effortlessly within the comic context of the performance to be the caricature of a diva.  Awesome.Set design and costuming were top notch, and the decour of the entire theater and entry walk was entirely spellbinding.  I can't wait to see this performance upon my return.  I utilized my favorite website www.goldstar.com to purchase my tickets at half price the week before my trip, and I will certainly do so again next time.
5	Best show in Las Vegas right now. Seriously, seriously funny - you'll have tears in your eyes. Unfortunately, it is closing on 7/13/2008, so if you are coming to Las Vegas before that date make sure to fit Spamalot into your schedule. John O'Hurley is magnificent in the role of King Arthur, and looks and sounds like he could have stepped right out of the film Monty Python and the Holy Grail. The show has been updated with Vegas-specific and politically timely humor, so even people who tend to dislike Monty Python will find more than a few laughs waiting for them.
3	Love Monty Python and the Search for the Holy Grail... however... Spamalot was not worth $70 a ticket.  My wife and I got lucky and got free tickets.
4	I don't like Monty Python and the Holy Grail.But my husband LOVES it. Absolutely loves it. He thinks it is downright hilarious.So when we booked our hotel and plane tickets to Vegas, I just knew we had to go see Spamalot. Their last show is July 13, 2008 - so this was our chance. Note: half price tix are available through Goldstar, so sign up for Goldstar Events.I decided I might like this version of the Holy Grail because it's in musical form, and I love musicals. I wanted more than just silly Bristish humour (like how I spelled it with an 'our'?) and deadpan jokes. And it was surprisingly funny and fresh! It had fun dancing, silly sets, a wonderful leading lady (used to sing in the traveling version of The Lion King musical), and a talented cast.Any seat on the main level is great, since the theater is small. So snag tickets anywhere. Our aisle wasn't packed full, so we had breathing room.The catchy tunes were ringing in my head for a few days afterward, and I found myself whistling along. The show is almost completely ripped off from MP and the Holy Grail, or other Monty Python sketches - so if you're a fan you'll love it. And if you like upbeat silly musicals, you'll like it too. Don't buy tix full price though, it's not worth it. Definitely worth 1/2 price though!"I fart in your general direction!"
5	I Love love love british humor and Monty Python's "Spamalot" is the holiest of all grails. The cast is amazing, O'hurley is a blast! I wouldve loved to see the original with Tim Curry as King Arthur..The negative to this review is the lack of parking for its guests(you think wynn would plan well? right? wrong! It took us 30 mins to find a parking spot in the garage)The show was definitely worth the money, and if you're smart enough you may catch a bargain before the final curtain falls on the 13th of July.Honestly, I havent been a show that made me laugh so hard. My sides still hurt from the 4th of July show I attended.  Also their merchandise is on sale,  half off the original price. Heck you might as well buy a hoodie that says "I'm not dead yet" which is one of my mottos. A side of spam and a rabbit.Bravo to O'hurley and Cast and Ni Ni to Monty Python and crew!I'm glad that I saw the show, but I'm also sad to see it go :-(
5	Everyone that knows the Monty Python movies knows that they want to see this show.  It is seriously hilarious and full of great performers.   The sets are great and the ending is just so great!  Everyone left the theater laughing out loud!
5	I went to see this show with a friend of mine that lives in Vegas, which was nice, cause they have tickets for locals for half price.  We bought the tickets the same day, and luckily got great seats.  My friend wasn't familiar with any Monty Python movies, but she loved it anyway.  The cast was great, the jokes were right on the money, and it was also nice that they include the audience into the show at the end.  They do have a bar while you are waiting to be seated, but the drinks are pricey.  But since we got the tickets for half price we splurged a little and got our drinks in Holy Grail cups, which you get to keep.  We had it filled with their special concoction that is in slushy form.  The server was nice enough to give us a sample.   It was really good, and it lasted me through the entire show (that cup is HUGE!).  So if your in Vegas this show is a must, especially if you are going with a guy.  Even though it's a musical, the songs are hilarious.
