3	They charge more for what they can't  offer! It used to be good back in the day but ain't so good nomore, esp the management! Plus most of the apartments are infested with roaches, it's a headache! So many residents have big dogs/ dogs here & a lot of owners fail to collect the dogs poop after & the management doesn't seem to do anything about it, be it cleaning it or enforcing fines! I found it be pretty safe, even though a few others have complained about thefts. They lack a gym or a play/entertainment room for such a big complex.They are not too prompt with service requests & take a while before they come to fix! I think it's because they have so many requests as the apartments are old & maintainence ain't great. One of the good things though is they have few units with built in washer & dryers!
1	This place is a joke. I lived here 2 years and I am finally moving.PROs:-Good location: light rails, bus, Tempe Marketplace, ASU, Four Peaks Brewery, Park across the street with a "dog park" if you can call it that. (basically a prison yard with a tree in it.)-Cheaper place to live in the area. (you get what you pay for!!!....if not less!)^LITERALLY ALL I COULD COME UP WITH.Cons:-My girlfriend had two bikes stolen here, first bike was stolen and never recovered. Second bike's lock was cut and the whole bike was taken by the maintenance man because he thought it was abandoned when it was parked right in front of our apartment! We were told to pick it up the following business day as the weekend was coming up and when we did they said it had already been thrown in the dumpster and was never recovered. -The apartments are extremely small and looks nothing like the model. -The Jacuzzi is either cold or extremely hot and the bubbles don't work. The pools are always filthy, and the regular pool is UNrefreshing in the summer, its very warm like you are sitting in bathtub that was filled up hours ago.-They shut off the water unexpectedly and don't turn it back on when they said it should be on by. Sewage has backed up into our sink and tub on two occasions.-The gates are always open and never shut, which could be on the "PROs" list, since I only have a motorcycle and when the gates ARE shut I cant get out unless a car drives out first.-Management is extremely rude and unhelpful, there has been 3 different sets of staff since I've lived here. The maintenance people have never been rude to me however.-They give you a 48 hour notice of entry over a month before you leave to assess your apartment, ONE MONTH BEFORE! The letter encourages the residents to be present and when I asked to have the walk be pushed back just a few days so I could be home when they walk I was told abruptly "NO." The manager Brittany wouldn't even come out and talk to me she sat in her office and kept relaying everything she had to say to her secretary who was also very rude to me. They wanted to know what I was hiding or why I asked for a few extra days.-I put my notice in to move and they basically interrogated me as to why I was leaving, where I was moving, they wanted my new address even though I didn't have one. I was even told to try to convince my girlfriend to stay.. Uh hello?! We decided to move what don't you get?!-Dog poo everywhere-Several notices to clean up my porch because of things like "litter" after a storm blew a grocery store ad in front of my door.-Paper-thin walls (you can hear stomping, people turning on their showers and sinks, flushing the toilets, baby's crying, dogs barking, floor boards creaking, our window was literally up against someone else's door.)-Things in the apartment constantly breaking or needing repair.-Shady people lurking around all hours of the day/night.-Few shootings across the street at another property and a lady intentionally sped down and alley into another complex's place of living, killing herself.OVERALL:My favorite part about living here was the location. I left 1 star and that is strictly due to location. I would NOT have given a 0 star if possible I still would have left just 1 star, as I said..strictly due to location.
2	These apartments suck. I thought i was getting a deal compared to other places in the area. 2 Bikes stolen from right outside my apartment (locked up). The bike racks in the complex were all full of pieces of bikes. Pool is never cool, hot tub works sometimes.Removed trash cans from in front of mail boxes, no place to throw the ads I don't want. Gates are always "broken" and just left open. You can hear the pipes running in neighboring apartments. Paper thin walls. Stove is a piece of crap. Crappy shower fixtures. Awnings over parking spots seem to have fallen twice while I've lived here. Management gone more often than not during business hours, always leaving a back at ____ time, but never being back at that time. Served me an eviction notice once even though I paid rent online. Gave me 48 hours notice of them coming into my apartment to "assess" 1 MONTH before I moved out. When we asked them to give us time to arrange to be there, they were rude and unhelpful. I only give the extra star because they replaced the worn out pool lounge chairs.
1	Stay away. In the summer when it's warmer the entire complex smells like urine. Good luck if you lived in the back of the complex, I've gotten my car broken into, and clearly they do not screen their tenants at all. I averaged about 1-2 roaches a month and on my mothers soul I am clean person. I paid for carpet cleaning when I moved out so they wouldn't and then I get a bill for it and about $220 worth of other miscellaneous charges. The manager is two faced. I could keep going. Simply put, go somewhere else, even if it means you have to pay another $100 more. Trust me, it's not worth the "savings".
