3	Think Bus Station meets DMV. That's Maricopa County Department of Public Health in a nutshell. Yet, hold up. There's more than meets the eye. Sure, when you walk inside, your skin may crawl. Where the F am I? It's part mental institution; part hospital ward; no parts Comfort Inn. Reception is helpful. They'll tell you which "clinic" you need, based on number. Then just look for that number hanging high along the hallway. Easy to find. I checked in with the Foreign Travel/Adult Immunization clinic - numero tres. This clinic deserves 5 stars, but that's another review. Paying is an entirely separate matter. Before I could get my shot, I took a "cashier number" from Reception and made my way into the DMV-replica room. I didn't have to wait long. Sadly, the lady behind the glass messed up my receipt, so I had to re-visit her before I made my timely exit. Over all, not a bad experience. I've been twice now - had to get the chicken pox vaccine and this place was the *only* place in Phoenix that offered it to adults. Trust me. I called over 25 other places. Wowza. I don't know if this place takes insurance or if the costs of "routine" services are less, but combined, my 2 pox shots added up to over $270. Ouch. That hurt more than the needle prick!
3	I've been to Public Health three times thus far. Twice for STD testing (no, I wasn't infected, I did it annually just to be safe), and once for a pregnancy test. The first thought that popped into my mind upon hearing "public health", was "ew, yuck, dirty, gross, never!". However, after finding out that Planned Parenthood and miscellaneous doctor's offices charged an arm and a leg for a single test, I rethought my plan. Public Health offers cheap, clean, and reliable (but limited) services. You can be tested for all diseases for $20, unlike said clinics that charge upwards of $250 per test. Their pregnancy tests are $20 as well. I don't think they take insurance, but their prices are decent for the few services they provide. I know they have a Family Planning clinic that provides well woman exams, pregnancy testing, and all that jazz. They also give immunizations. I'm not too sure of their other services but I'm sure they could tell you if you called. To make the best of your experience, shall you ever decide to go, arrive early. Going on a Monday or Friday is also a mistake, because they're closed on weekends. Yes, as Alicia B. mentioned, it is slightly "bus station meets DMV", but let me tell you, their facilities are CLEAN. Very clean. The staff is also very friendly. The doctors I have dealt with have been professional and courteous. Besides the sketchy clientele, I felt completely safe, clean, and comfortable. Obviously it's not my first choice in "health care", but when you need a simple service done on a budget, it's the right place to go.
5	i came her for my foreign travel immunizations.i can't really speak about the other clinics there like STD testing, general health, etc., the foreign travel clinic was very clean, organized, and i received exceptional service.although you don't have many options for travel immunizations, DPH is a great place to go for your needs.i have no complaints!
4	I have had to go to this place quite often in the last couple of weeks, however, I am no new customer. They have have different types of services that they offer, they have the children's immunizations on one side of the buildings, that is available for un-insured patients or low income. My kid's are not insured, and this is the best option Vs. paying $300+ per immunization at the Dr's office.    They also have family clinics. I went there to get my immunizations up to date, and to have a 2-step TB skin test required to start school in the Medical Field. The staff on clinic #7 were very helpful, last year I took the skin test, but lost the card with the results that they provide you with, and when I went to ask for a duplicate, they had no problem helping me out with that, no fee, and they also were able to give me all my Lab/immunization history so I could give it to my advisor at school.I recommend it!
1	My review is not kind, the doctors are fine however the cost issue for me has been a nightmare. I only have a 1,000 dollar a month social security check, with no other income, and no insurance at this time. I am a cancer patience in remission always in need of follow up xrays, however I am doing reasonabley well. However it was discovered that I have a heart issue, and require a ct scan. I bearly could scrape up the 100.00 dollar co-pay for the surgeon. For this ct scan it requires 290.00 dollars that I could not come up with, I offered the DMG services half and ask if I could pay the other half when I received my next check. For the second time a clerk simply told me that if I could not come up with the money I could not have the test. I requested to talk with a supervisor and was denied and was told the policy will simply hold. I brought to the attention of this clerk my health issues, and the concern of the heart surgeon, she said it simply does not matter.  To make things worse DMG services has missed billed me more than once, I paid them last time 150.00 dollars for a service and have the receipt and they could not account as to where it went. The same clerk finally had to conceid and correct the bill for the second time. I have on file eight times where I made a co-payment to doctors and was sent a bill wanting me to pay for it again. Just two days ago I went through the same thing over to bills, I sent copies of my receipts for them to correct the issues.I am 63 years old no other income not married and I have a clerk making a decision about my life with no accountability, I can only assume that Maricopa county has a kill zone. I noticed they have a refugee area, those individuals seem to be doing quite well, of coarse younger. I would like to apply for refugee status.
