3	I know that people have already reviewed The Farm Kitchen in the separate listing for the Farm at South Mountain, but since 2 of the 3 eateries at the Farm (Morning Glory Cafe and Quiessence) have separate listings, I wanted to break out The Farm Kitchen and give it its own listing as well. Morning Glory Cafe offers a delicious breakfast and brunch, Quiessence is a formal restaurant serving local and seasonal dishes, and The Farm Kitchen is a casual lunch spot with sandwiches, soups, salads, and baked goods. We went for lunch with high hopes since our experience at Morning Glory Cafe was so good, but we were a little disappointed with the food we tried, especially given the high prices. We ordered the Grilled Flank Steak Sandwich ($9.95), the Chicken BLT Sandwich ($9.95), a side of potato salad ($2.50), a side of sweet potato salad ($2.50), and a piece of pecan pie ($4). The Steak Sandwich was the best of the four things - the steak was well-seasoned and tender, the bread was freshly baked, and the Gorgonzola spread really complemented the meat. However, the chicken on the BLT sandwich was flavorless and a bit dry and the mayo was really standard. The sweet potato salad was also really oily and the sweet potatos themselves were undercooked and even a bit chewy. The potato salad was fine, but a really small portion for the price. The pecan pie was definitely good, but not better than anything you could get at Marie Calendar's or a similar bakery chain. The atmosphere is definitely unique (where else can you get your lunch in picnic baskets and sit outside?), but to really experience the deliciousness of locally grown ingredients and feel that the food is worth the high price tag, you'd probably want to go to Morning Glory Cafe or Quiessence (which we hear wonderful things about and are excited to try!).
4	I love this restaurant.  I love the sandwiches, soup, salads, desserts, lemonade... everything!!I usually get the 1/2 sandwich with a cup of soup and a piece of peach pie and a lemonade.  Mmmmm...I would eat here much more often if that meal didn't cost me $20.I bring the kids and let them climb the trees, find pecans and run in the grass between the picnic tables.
5	Ha!So, we ran into the local fry's for something - probably wine - and when we got to the checkout counter, we asked if there was a great place for sandwiches around and the lady was like scratching her head and like "no".  Hmmm...  She seemed to remember someone mentioning a place...  I'm pretty sure we took a wrong turn and literally stumbled upon this sweet little sandwich spot with food that is just...  oh me!  oh my!  so good.  I ordered the most delictable chicken salad sandwich!  Afterwards, I couldn't help but wonder, why the hell doesn't that local lady know about this place?!?!  Seriously.  So good.On a sunny day, the huge picnic table littered lawn here hosts droves of peeps just waiting to dig into deliciousness to the tune of deli.  This place easily makes the top ten restaurants to visit while we're in Tempe.  Eat here with your honey if you're looking for good grub in the area.  It's cafeteria style farm fresh food and fun!
4	I adore places that transport you to another locale without even driving too far! One beautiful sunny afternoon, I asked a friend to have lunch with me at The Farm Kitchen. We only drove 5 minutes away from the office and we were on a farm at a picnic table enjoying a wonderful lunch. The line had already started to form for the lunch at the Farm. We walked into a little building lined with racks of local product to peruse while you wait to get your order started. For my lunch I chose the turkey curry sandwich, a slice of pecan pie and a lemonade. Everything was really tasty. I could have used more mayo on my sandwich, but that was a personal preference. The curry on the sandwich wasn't overpowering. It was wonderfully complimented by the sweet cranberries. The pecan pie was so good! My lunch pal left her dessert alone to dig into my pie! The lemonade was, lemonade. Not to sweet, not too tart. The Farm Kitchen is a great place to step away from it all if only for a lunch hour. The food is good and well made, and the setting just can't be beat!
5	This is a favorite destination dining experience. The extensive gardens on the grounds and the pastoral picnic picuresque arboretum are worth the slightly expensive bakery treats and sandwiches.They have a really delicious sweet potato salad and a good chicken salad sandwich. Pies and cookies are good as well.It has always been uncrowded when I have come here.This is a good place for a romantic stroll after a romantic picnic.
2	It is local so it must be good! Ha! Hippy marketing is so funny. If something is local, should it not be cheaper? No transport fees, cheap local imported labor, and cheap land in undesirable south Phoenix. However this are anything but cheap.Mid 70's a slight breeze and clear skies a perfect day for a pick nick. However, I am a bachelor; no way would I prepare my own.That is why we went here, that and I have not been there to review yet. We entered to a crowded patio and waited in a long line to order.The menu was sparse with just some sandwiches and salads, all of them $10 and sides were $2.50.I went with the seasonal veggie sandwich, the menu said it had cheese, however it did not. In addition there were beets, pepitas, baby spinage and dressing on multi grain bread.It was a decent sandwich, the bread had a slight stale note to it. Moreover, at $10 it was quite possible one of the worst values ever. That price included no sides, no service, beverage or even condiment station.My friends tried a salad, which was laughably small for $10. We tried a slice of pecan pie, which was mediocre.The best part of the trip was walking around and taking photos of everything. As for food next time, I will just bring my own or try the other restaurant here.
5	Delicious local fare.  They have a working garden out back for all you nature lovers to help minimize your carbon footprint.  Seriously, if you want to go out for a picnic with some really good food, and not hassle with packing the basket, this is your place to kick back and relax.
5	E I E I OI loved the Farm Kitchen (at S. Mountain.)This place is a little paradise....a piece of small town USA.The farm at South Mountain in great place to bring family, friends, out-of-towners, and it is incredible for kids.  The entire facility is open and you can roam the place freely while checking out the farm and lots of chickens.We were bummed that the wait for the breakfast place was over an hour.  Someone told us to check out The Farm Kitchen.  We were very glad we did. This quaint little cottage offered a wide variety of sandwiches, salads, and baked goods.  Most of the items included products groan on-site.  We ordered a few sandwiches, the pasta salad, and the mushroom soup.  We were not disappointed....everything was great.  The food was high quality.  The sandwiches were huge. The service....well no service to review since the place was an order and pick up at the counter style sandwich joint. The prices were a little high.  I would say the average lunch will run $12-$15 per person if you get a drink and side.  The price  was worth it to me to get out of the house and spend a few hours in place that really takes you away from the city.
5	Great atmosphere and Great food.  After watching Food Inc you will appreciate it even more
4	I am definitely starting to like dining on farms. It makes me feel like I'm supporting the local economy and also getting fresh food.We came here before our flight out of Phoenix, yesterday, in lieu of dining at the Morning Glory Cafe. Once we left downtown Phoenix for S. Mountain, the wait had increased by 30 minutes making the wait one hour, which would make us cut too close to our flight back to San Francisco.So we walked back all the way to the front of the farm and decided to grab lunch here. True, the selection is sparse, but the ingredients are fresh. Someone mentioned that he didn't understand why it's so expensive. Well, I think I do. This is a small farm--they don't mass produce their product, so of course things are going to be more expensive. To top it off, they are a sustainable farm, so things come at a price.Anyway, back to my review. I decided to try the red grape and walnut salad, which consisted of grilled chicken, mixed greens, red grapes, walnuts and gorgonzola crumbles served with a raspberry vinaigrette. I also opted to get the passion fruit iced tea, which was delicious without any added sweetness!The salads are already pre-packed, but they were fresh. The sandwiches are made to order. My friend got the old fashioned turkey sandwich (Grill roasted pulled turkey, organic fi eld greens and house made cranberry relish with chipotle mayo on multi-grain bread). I was able to try the sandwich and it was soooo good. Very delicious and fresh. My salad was also very good and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I could taste the difference in the freshness.I just really enjoyed the freshness of everything and I'm looking forward to coming back to eat here AND at the Morning Glory Cafe on my next trip back to Phoenix. Can't wait! I love farm-fresh dining!
1	Snooty and expensive. Tiny portions of "precious" food. Get real, please.
5	We went to The Farm today for lunch to enjoy a picnic on such an awesome beautiful day. I had the Tuscan sandwich and it was awesome. I had expected it to be good but was surprised at just how enjoyable it really was. I'm sure sitting outside in beautiful surroundings on a perfect day helped with the experience. This is the prefect place for lunch on a beautiful day. My date was equally impressed so I'm sure I will be back!
3	Definatey would give this place 4 stars for cuteness. The food is overpriced. My wrap alone was $10.88 with tax. I wouldn't complain if it had been outstanding or even close. It was only average. Sadly disappointed. It was.like having a picnic without the wine, cheese, and pate.  But check it out and decide for yourself.
5	What a great place for lunch!! The pecan grove makes for a really nice setting for a picnic and/or a party and they do have them there!! The food is very good!! The Grilled Chicken BLTDA Sandwich, Curry Turkey Salad Sandwich and the Farm Fresh Seasonal Sandwich are all incredibly awesome sandwiches!!
2	My #1 gripe with this place is the prices they charge.  $10 for your run of the mill sandwich - no side dishes or drinks or anything.  How many meal deals could I get at Subway for 10 bucks?! Because they don't taste much better...Their menu listed "gourmet hot chocolate" and since this place looked like a cute little cafe, I was expecting something at least on-par with Starbucks mediocre version. Not even close. It was a powdered mix and hot water!! Bleh.  Thankfully for me, the girl didn't make it correctly (uhhh?) the first time around, but I told her not to worry about it once I knew it was just Nesquick and water.  The coffee was also boring. They forgot the avocado on both of our sandwiches.  2 boring sandwiches and 2 boring coffees cost  us $27. Walking around their property is lovely and we snuck some bites of fresh pecans off their trees!  But, I was extra disappointed when I strolled by Morning Glory Cafe and saw that their prices were cheaper than my  sandwich! I would have much rather eaten there and I think I will in the future because the area is so beautiful. I would love to visit The Farm again, but will never eat at The Kitchen again.
3	I have to give the Farm a hand for being a nice change of pace from your typical Sunday afternoon....although I wouldn't go so far as to gush over its picturesque beauty. I would imagine the entire place is absolutely gorgeous when the trees have leaves but in the winter it was a little stark.....Situated in a pecan grove the in January the grounds are more Edward sissorhands Vincent price than they are cutesy farm land. My main complaints about the farm include: A) Price. $30 for 2 sandwiches, 2 ice teas, and a apricot bar. No Chips, salads, soups, nothing. That's a little steep even if the food is organic....and I have no idea if it is, although there is organic produce growing on the grounds I saw no indication that the food actually was, which leads me to #2. B) Signage. One of the main reasons I wanted to visit the farm was because the website advertised it as being 'pet friendly'. However if you hadn't see the website you would have no idea. There a no doggy waste stations and no leash information. When we entered the 'kitchen' to order our food we picked up our tiny chihauhua's and entered before an employee rudely stepped in front of us and loudly spoke out "Um, Miss, you cant bring your dogs in the kitchen!". Embarrassing, especially considering we had LOOKED for a sign on the door to see if we could bring them in. (I know you might be thinking its common sense, dogs + food, but you would be surprised how many places allow you to bring animals in, and since neither of us had even been to the farm we both wanted to see the food inside) Finally, a combination of A + Although there are multiple signs indicating what food is AVAILABLE, there are no prices listed. So while I was aware my sandwich was going to be pricey from reviewing the website, I had no idea I was shelling out $4.65 for an apricot bar. Overall we will probably return to try the breakfast restaurant on the farm but probably would not return to the Kitchen. My grilled veggie sandwich was tasty however I must admit I was expecting a hot sandwich....everything had been prepared ahead of time and refrigerated, ie cold sandwich. There were a lot of families with small children who were well prepared to enjoy the park like atmosphere with nerf balls etc (I have NOOOO idea how they can afford to feed 6 people there!) And a few couples kanoodling around which made a nice mixed group of people. 1 last parting comment...this review would have been 1 star higher if they had a liquor license. The entire day could have been mighty improved with a glass of Pinot and I was a little surprised there was none at hand!
4	Went to the Farm Kitchen for lunch on Saturday and actually really enjoyed it.  I felt like I wasn't in Phoenix which was really nice.  The location has a different feel to it and I love the alley with trees all down it and picnic tables to eat at.  It was such a good experience.  Now to the food and as much as I enjoyed my turkey curry sandwich and my butternut squash creme brulee I don't think without my groupon I can justify the prices.  I mean come on $10 for a sandwich that's a bit steep.  If it came with chips or something it might be a bit better but that is the only reason I can't give it 5 stars.  I will probably still go back because the ambiance was nice and a nice spring or fall day it would be great to go hang out with friends and enjoy a nice lunch outside.  If they lower the prices to say $7 a sandwich I bet this place would have a lot more business.  If you haven't been to this place I would say for sure check it out they have a lot of local goodies and desserts and as stated on a nice day you can't beat the setting.
5	What a drive, but what a nice was to spend an early afternoon! I had a Groupon to use, so a friend and I hiked South Mountain and then went over to The Farm for lunch. We stood in line raving over all the delicious food items displayed around us... bottles of balsamic vinegars and spreads, salads with an array of brightly colored vegetables, personal homemade fruit pies... I could go on for a while. I decided on the turkey curry sandwich and a glass of lemonade. The sandwich was a-mazing! The lemonade was fresh squeezed and tart and yummy. Bonus: they offer free tea and lemonade refills until 3pm. We sat outside at a little table covered with a checkered table cloth and a potted flower centerpiece. The weather was perfect and we enjoyed people watching (lots of babies and dogs at The Farm). After a leisurely lunch, we strolled around the grounds (plentiful picnic tables and grassy areas for kids to run around) and over to Maya's Farm area (where most of the ingredients are grown).... so awesome to see where my food came from!The Farm is a really enjoyable experience and a great place for locavores to visit. I recommend it!
4	Went here for the first time with a girlfriend recently. I had a Groupon that was expiring and thought this would be a great place to start our day. I was right!  We got there about quarter to noon and there was a little bit of line, but it gave us time to decide what we wanted and peruse the goodies in the store. I selected the chicken fajita wrap and the gf had the tuscan chicken sandwich... Both were delicious. The fajita chicken with the black beans and guacamole was just what my taste buds were craving.... I ate every single bite of that yumminess!  The chocolate raspberry bar from the pastry selections was delicious as well. They have a couple flavors of fresh-brewed iced teas and a fresh lemonade that were very good too. Its slightly pricey at around 9-10 bucks for a sandwich with no sides, but the ingredients are fresh and the its a nice setting to enjoy lunch. I look forward to trying another yummy menu selection in the future!
4	A client took me here for lunch while I was in-town on business and I really enjoyed the experience here.  This place was rammed full on a Thursday during lunch hour, so you might want to drop by on the later or earlier side.  The setting on the farm is very nice and picturesque; there are pecan trees all around where if you can find a rock and have good aim you can get a few pecans to chow down on.  How cool is that?The food here is really good.  They have a really nice variety of salads and sandwiches and you can tell that everything is just FRESH.  I had a ham sandwich that was really delicious and everyone else in the group seemed to enjoy their meals.For a place that has really nice and fresh items the prices were totally reasonable too.  Hard to say anything bad about this place.
1	Long overdue review.I love the Farm at South Mountain and have been there several times over the last four years. I do not like the Farm Kitchen. I think the Morning Glory Cafe is better for breakfast and brunch. This review is for the Farm Kitchen, one of the thee restaurants/cafes at the Farm. Recently I forgot how much I disliked this cafe and bought a Groupon. Even at 50% off, the cafe is not a great value.2 reasons - 1)food quality 2) price1) When a place serves only sandwiches, you'd think they'd pay attention to their bread. I like chunky bread, thick cut bread, artisan bread.  TO me theirs seemed like Sara Lee wheat bread. Flimsy brownish bread. That collapsed under the weight of the rather sparse filling. They have a few vegetarian options, but none are very good. A few pieces of avocado, a hint of cheese... 2) When I pay $10 for a thin sandwich, at least give me one side, if not two. At leasta  pickle.  After a hike, we wolfed down two sandwiches each and were still not close to feeling full. $30 after Groupon and we left feeling hungry. Bringing your own picnic basket or brown bag lunch if you're going to be there after Morning Glory closes is a good idea. Just buy their sweet potato salad - that one is good!
5	This is a fabulous place to go for brunch. Upon arriving, we felt we were someplace other than phoenix! The views of the mountains and foliage were great. There's so much room to spread out on the picnic tables and around the lawn. I had the curried chicken salad sandwich. The service was great and they offered me a sample before I tried just to make sure I would like it. I loved sitting outside in the shade and enjoying a nice glass of lemonade! I will definetly be back!
5	This place is so cute and delicious! I have gone here twice so far and I always think about it. I cannot believe a place like this exists in Arizona. Since I am from New Jersey it is so familiar and feels like how as soon as I step on the property. Its beautiful and quaint. I recommend grabbing your food in a baskets and eating under a pecan tree at a picnic bench!
4	i came here january 9, 2011. i had the goat cheese salad, which was just all right for the price. i think farm kitchen's biggest draw isn't really the food, but the environment. there's lots of picnic tables and space available for families to come and enjoy a nice sunny day in the winter.the orange and grapefruit trees were all bearing fruit at the time, and i had to grab a few oranges, which all turned out very sweet. and if you're willing to work at it, you'll be able to find some intact pecans. i don't know if the farm has any rules against picking from the trees, but i didn't see any signs, so i may have to come back next year ;)
4	The Farm Kitchen is a casual dining experience suitable for a date picnic, an outdoor baby shower, or an afternoon lunch with the family.  A favorite for sandwiches and some of the desserts.  They close for the hot summer months.  They are reopening on September 13. I will update with a check-in and a review of some of my favorite things.
4	4 stars for food and setting. If I could give a 6 star for the desserts I would! The food is fresh and creative. Really good. But beware... 35$ for a sandwich, salad, fruit cup and two drinks.
5	This is my favorite place for lunch in Phoenix, and I love to go on a nice sunny day and sit outside at a picnic table and enjoy great food, lemonade and sunshine.It's like a little bit of heaven taken right from Napa Valley, with farm fresh and organic ingredients that are healthy, tasty and just flat out make you happy.  The price tag might not put a smile on your face, but don't go every day.
5	So I've eaten here before for lunch and decided to stop by again to get what dish I always think back to... their amazing couscous.  I showed up around 11am this Saturday and luckily there was no line as this is a popular place around lunch.  The staff looked like they were barely getting set-up for the day, so I took my time scanning the menu for what else I was going to eat that would accompany that amazing coucous I still recall.... turns out, they don't make it anymore.  WHAT A BUMMER!  I had been looking forward to it so much that when I didn't see it on their menu, I was secretly praying they called it something else besides couscous.  Oh well, whaddya do?So I got the raspberry, goat cheese w/ pecan salad; side of chicken breast (for protein), and a small container of roasted sweet potatoes.  My reviews:Chicken breast: very good.  Lightly flavored w herbs, and freshly cooked (it was not overcooked) and sliced for me to eat with my salad;Salad: very tasty combinations.  I loved that they were plentiful w/ the raspberries and the pecans.. the jicama was a nice muted contrast to the sweetness of the candied pecans and the tartness of the raspberries.. lettuce was fresh... and cheese was very plentiful.  Kudos to them for being generous with good ingredients.Roasted SweetPot salad: one word: addicting.  It is a perfectly balanced mix of chili oil (I think), scallions, roasted and gently sweet sweet potatoes, and dried cranberries that together make up a very flavorful and intriguing mix that is very exciting to the palate.Note that this sweetpot dish reminded me a lot of Liberty Market's sweetpot dish... though I liked this one more.. can't figure out what ingredient differs, but this one was at the addiction-level and it wasn't the sugar.I wish they still had that amazing couscous, though..
4	I've eaten at The Farm a few times now, and I feel like I have a pretty good feel for the place now.The Good:The sandwiches are fresh, and they have done a great job choosing ingredients so as to create sandwiches that are unique and tasty.  Each sandwich has its own toppings that work well in that particular sandwich... In other words, it's not just iceberg lettuce, tomatoes, and onions in everything, like you'd find at a cheaper sandwich joint.  I had the flank steak sandwich yesterday, and was quite pleased.  I've also had the pulled pork, the pecan chicken salad, and maybe one other sandwich, but the flank steak is my favorite so far.They also offer some good bottled sodas.  Stewart's Key Lime has always been a favorite, and I'm really enjoying the Virgil's Cola they have.  I haven't seen that soda anywhere else.  And the dessert selection is always tempting.Perhaps the best part about The Farm Kitchen is the outdoor patio and picnic tables.  When you're working inside an office building all day long, sometimes the chance to spend your lunch hour outside is worth quite a bit (I may change my mind about that come summer, however).The soups are also OK, although I've never been blown away by any of them.  The ones I've had are good, but nothing special.The Bad:OK, there's no denying that this place is too expensive.On balance, The Farm Kitchen is an excellent lunch option when it is nice out, when you're not famished, and when you're not on a tight budget.
4	I live in Tucson and decided to meet up at The Farm Kitchen with a few Phoenix girl friends. This place is the ultimate location to catch up and relax on a beautiful day. We sat outside in a grassy area with tons of trees and picnic tables. it was very picturesque. There are three different restaurants one for brunch, for dinner, and then a grab and go type restaurant. We did the grab and go, the food was ok, nothing to write home about and a bit expensive. You are paying for the location and the farm fresh food. They also have a CSA and a great little artist studio. If you are looking for a wonderful place to catch up with a great friend, try The Farm Kitchen!
3	The problem with a place like this is the hype.  Five stars from yelpers, must be amazing!  But sorry, I've had better Eggs Benedict.  For me just too far to drive for the mediocre food and marginal service.
4	One of our favorite places around south mountain! The food is pricey, but the sandwiches are big and my husband and I often share one. There are also free refills on the passion iced tea. We take a blanket, ball, and pack food for the kids. We also like to walk around to see the chickens and artist's studio. My young son enjoys collecting the pecans.  It feels like you are no longer in Phoenix and makes for a nice outing!
3	Quite a scenic location, and that's what you are mostly paying for. I could see taking a date here or maybe some out-of-town visitors but I would not make it a regular breakfast or lunch dining spot. It was nice to see the gallery with local artists' work.
4	This is a great place if you want to have a healthy pic-nic style meal with older folks (who would never call themselves "older folks", but let's face it, they really are) off the beaten path. It makes young parents feel comfortable, because they can leave the baby in the stroller for the meal or take the baby for a walk while everyone else socializes for as long as they like.I feel it's over-priced, but some of the ingredients are local organic. It was very good tasting, but you can only sit outside, so you will be subject to the weather and bugs. They have a country-store inside that makes you feel like you are in an east-coast grocery. They sell handmade pastas and canned items.This place is in a different building than "The Farm at South Mountain" restaurant, which is further down the tree-lined drive. Parking is available across the street from the farm in a dirt lot, or along the tree lined drive of the Farm. I feel the "farm" name is somewhat misleading. I saw no animals or barn...and you can't smell them either. :D--The theory is rather that you are eating food closer to it's source...not that you get to check out a farm.
2	Stopped in after buying a groupon.  Food is way overpriced.  I had a $20 groupon and only got two sandwiches (no sides), and two drinks.  I also splurged and got a piece of pecan pie.  Total rang up with me still owing $15 bucks. $35 bucks for two sandwiches and a piece of pie is a little ridiculous.   Food was ok.  It was hot and the restaurant area didn't have any air conditioning.  We sat out in the grassy picnic area which was nice but it was still hot.  Food was ok, but a little dry.
4	Great sandwiches! the bread was superb. I had a BLTDA (Bacon, lett, Tomato, date, apple) w/chicken. Yummm. such a cute spot.
3	Im only giving 3 stars because the food is good,  40 bucks for 2 salads and 1 sandwich and a piece of carrot cake seems steep.
2	This is basically like the Wildflower Bread Comp only outside on a "farm" and way overpriced. I only because I got the groupon. We got two half sandwiches with soup, raspberry tea, piece of pie and cake and it was about $35.  It was alright, but would've tasted better if it were cheaper. There were a bunch of yuppie types there. The gals who yell your order number out the window are not friendly. The grounds are pretty cool. You can pick your picnic table and bring your dog.
5	LOVE the food here. Been coming for years but was prompted to write a review after my recent visit.LOVE, love, LOVE the setting at this unique little organic farm in South Phoenix.Wonderful place to bring out of town friends and family or visitors in the workplace. Food is expensive but everything tastes so fresh and just a bit different than what you get everywhere else (such as Dates on the BLT and Butternut Squash in the Creme Brulee)..and all that greenery! Even in summer. One of my Favorite Spots in Phoenix for sure! Bring a blanket. Bring the kids...enjoy!
4	09/30/12Brought my three aunts, Mom, and myself to The Farm at South Mountain on this rare occasion we were all together, and since the aunts had never been before.  After first dropping off two aunts and Mom at Morning Glory Cafe so that they may place breakfast orders in, an aunt and I walked over to The Farm Kitchen to line up and order a couple of sandwiches and use a groupon I had found a week or so before ($10 for $20 worth of food).  Since our venture out to the farm was on a whim, we were not prepared to endure eating outside when it was 100 degrees, and thankfully, there weren't many people out here thinking it was a great idea, either.  Usually, there's a long line, sometimes double lines, of people waiting to order fresh-made sandwiches and salads, but not today, which was a good thing for the two of us.  Since I'd pulled up the menu online on my phone and asked my aunts what looked good to them on our drive to the farm, we already knew what to order when our wait was over in line, when the two women before us waved us along since they didn't know what they wanted.  Grabbing the last slice of Cherry-White Chocolate Bread Pudding http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jb7pFtM4J5Hu9tCaoGxnRQ?select=47BeU9YNiWBOmxj9yOXCCQ#47BeU9YNiWBOmxj9yOXCCQ on a table of sweets I spied just seconds before, while my aunt took a Roasted Squash Creme Brulee, we thanked the women and proceeded to order the Old Fashioned Turkey Sandwich http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jb7pFtM4J5Hu9tCaoGxnRQ?select=3gTmvP1BjPjiJUHExlk0xA#3gTmvP1BjPjiJUHExlk0xA and the Pecan Chicken Salad Sandwich.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jb7pFtM4J5Hu9tCaoGxnRQ?select=pRMWUUIbNUNcp6re4qBK0w#pRMWUUIbNUNcp6re4qBK0w  The groupon redemption was a breeze, and we were given a receipt with a number and were told to wait outside for the call.The wait wasn't long at all, and after a brief stop at the non-lighted outdoor restroom facility, I joined my aunt to pick up our basket of sandwiches, and we proceeded to walk back to the Morning Glory Cafe to meet the others.Since I had a terrific breakfast a few hours ago in Phoenix, I hadn't planned to try much at The Farm today, but I did get to taste a few bites here and there.  The bread pudding was very, very good!  Chunks of chewy, yet moist cherries, rivers of sweet white chocolate and butterscotch running throughout and on the top, this was a beauty of a dessert to behold AND to consume!  Loved how the top of the pudding had spots of caramelization, and if you look closely, there's a wide river of butterscotch silk beckoning you to drink.  The bread pudding was so enticing that a young woman and her beau (or was it her brother?) immediately left their family table at MG to try their luck at TFK for more of the bread pudding (after a long absence, around 15 minutes or more, they came back with a slice!).The sandwiches were also hits!  Due to food allergies, I couldn't try the chicken salad sandwich, but suffice it to say, the aunt who'd requested it ate almost the entire thing (only half of the sandwich is pictured; the other half was in her hands!).  Mom and an aunt, or two, were lucky recipients of a bite, and they all said it was delicious.  Much more so than that of the turkey sandwich, of which I was able to try, and it was very good!  The turkey tasted fresh, the chipotle mayo was just the right amount, the whole-grain bread was nutty, yet tender (everyone raved about this bread), and the cranberry relish was chunky and flavorful.  If I wasn't full from breakfast, I'd have asked for half of this.  Again, the sandwich was also completely polished off.The only thing we didn't like was the Roasted Squash Creme Brulee, but I don't think we gave it a fair try.  I was already done for the rest of the afternoon (I didn't event think about anything to eat until around 530p-6p), but I did try a teaspoonful... I could definitely taste the roasted squash, and it was more savory than sweet.  After indulging on the bread pudding, this tiny taste wasn't worth the extra caloric splurge.  At around $5 or $6 a serving, I probably wouldn't try it if I came across it again.I'll be back, but not until the weather cools!
3	Cute place. Food comes in picnic baskets and there are a ton of picnic benches to eat at. Tried to Thanksgiving sandwich. Was good, but a bit dry. Not the best, but at least someone's trying to do something different in Arizona.
5	I love this place.  I admit I am stuck on the Old Fashioned Turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce.  This is real fresh roast turkey (I think roasted daily but not sure) on great wheat bread, the sauce has just a bit of a bite and compliments the sandwich well.  Huge helping of turkey.  The setting is in an old pecan grove with mature trees, and grass.  A very relaxed kind of place to just enjoy the Phoenix weather the food and those you are with.  It closes during the Summer and I can't wait for it to open back up in the Fall.The perfect ending however, are the deserts.  They are all hommade, and terrific.  I can't get past the pecan pie, perhaps the best in Phoenix.  The crust is just right flaky, and it's loaded with pecans.  I'm hungry again just writing this review
4	I love the concept of this place. There are three different restaurants each serving breakfast, lunch or dinner. This was the first time I went to the Farm Kitchen, since I usually go to the other place for breakfast. Anyway, their lunch did not disappoint. What I love about their place for breakfast, was delivered for lunch. There were yummy sandwiches, salads, side dishes, and dessert. I ordered the chicken salad sandwich and it was perfect. It was loaded with mayo, which I hate. It had full of flavor! I ate my sandwich outside in the sun surrounded by trees. Great place to take visitors too!
5	I absolutely love the Farm.  It's a great place to bring out of town guests and always nice just to walk around on a day you don't have much else going on and enjoy the gardens and a yummy treat. I had plans to meet a friend for lunch here yesterday but she had to cancel and I thought why should I miss out, so I packed up the baby and we went ourselves. I had a delicious roasted vegetable and portobello sandwich which only could have been better if the veggies and mushrooms were warm.  After my sandwich we walked around and looked and the chickens, what was growing in the gardens and enjoyed some of the raspberry bar I bought with lunch. What a perfect lunch.
4	Yummy green chili chicken enchiladas breakfast!  Its all outdoors, which could be less than awesome on some AZ days, but it was cool when we went and they had heaters that made it perfectly comfy.
4	I'm a huge fan of the Farm Kitchen on Maya's farm.   I frequent the farm businesses and I am a CSA member of the farm itself.  So, of course, I have very high marks for this farm in general.  The Farm Kitchen is a casual dining experience suitable for a date picnic or girlfriends lunch in an open air patio with quaint picnic baskets to boot.For the novice visitor to Maya's Farm, there are 3 restaurants.  The Farm Kitchen is in the "Little house" at the right of the driveway on to the farm.  This season, they stopped allowing cars to park along the drive to the back of the farm where the 2 other restaurants (Quiessence and Morning Glory Cafe).  Now when you come to visit The Kitchen, you have to park in the parking lot on the east side of 32nd street and walk across.once you enter into the Farm Kitchen, you are greeted with the aroma of some amazing baking or cooking.  It always smells so wonderful in there.  You will find some local food items in the store, even down to the locally made Poore Brother potatoe chips!  LOCAL LOCAL LOCAL.  Inside the Kitchen, you place your order from a menu that is loaded with your choice of sandwiches, salads, flavored teas, and soups.  They normally have an array of desserts to choose from as well.  I personally love the buttner squash creme brulee.Once you place your order, you go outside and wait for your number to be called.  Once your food is ready, you can choose to sit on the patio or venture over to the picnic tables or spread your own blanket and eat your food under the pecan trees.One thing of note;  you can schedule baby showers, et al with the kitchen.My personal favorites on this menu are:Tuscan Chicken SandwichItalian SandwichAny of their broth based soups.  Butternut Squash Creme BruleeChocolate Chip Cookies
1	We were looking forward to trying the Farm Kitchen to enjoy local and organic ingredients. Unfortunately, we were so disappointed in the taste of our selections and pricing.We like the concept of local, organic, outdoor dining and beautiful grounds. But, the food is the primary reason for our returning to a restaurant.Maybe our experience would have been different had we ordered something other than pulled pork sandwiches. The pork was dry and essentially flavorless. The menu indicated there was cole slaw on the sandwich; however, the menu did not indicate the slaw was not typical with cabbage and carrots. It included red and yellow peppers. I do not like any peppers in my food and would not have ordered the sandwich if the menu had accurately listed ingredients. I didn't bother to scrape it off because the pork wasn't enticing enough to eat alone. We discarded the sandwiches.Prices were very high compared to similar restaurants. Total for two sandwiches and two iced teas was $29.70. The sandwiches were $10.95 each. We are happy to pay for quality, but, I've had sandwiches with local and organic ingredients for an average of $8.95, with a side of some type. The group ordering behind us also seemed to think the sandwiches pricey when they learned the chips the cashier offered were not included. Medium sized $3 iced tea with no refills?  Based on taste and price, we will not be returning...even though the turkey sandwich sounded good based on menu description (another reviewer said the turkey was dry).
5	What better atmosphere to eat your food than to be overlooking a farm.   This is just on the edge of town, so no epic day trips are necessary for this experience.  I didn't really look up too much on this, so I am not sure if all ingredients come from this exact farm.  I had the egg salad and bacon sandwich, which to me tasted very fresh.  I know the bread was made there.  As always, I am always trying to each close to the earth, and though I cannot always tell, I can sometimes detect if something is processed.  Again I am not sure what is actually from there, but to sit at eye level with farm and see the distant hills was the best decor you could ask for in a restaurant.DT.
3	I went to the Farm Kitchen today after hiking South Mountain. I must say, I was not thoroughly impressed. The way the set up their line is odd and confuses people which makes the process not as fluid as it could be. They make you enter by the registers, which is apparently where you order food, but first you must go to the other side of the building to get drinks, but if you want water, it's serve yourself and behind you....kind of convoluted. The food is also overpriced. My step mom got a sandwich and I got a side salad and a cup of soup and it was 25$. I had their vegetarian soup of the day, which was a white bean and green chili soup. The soup tasted alright, but the beans were a bit underdone IMO, they still were pretty chewy, not soft like they usually are. The salad was alright, but a salads a salad. My step mom said her sandwich was fine, but nothing special. The good part about this restaurant is that it's on the farm and the scenery is beautiful. Despite this, I think that Morning Glory is much better and will most likely go there next time.
3	A bit pricey, but the sandwiches and bakery goods are freshly made, with an emphasis on locally grown ingredients. There's a wide array of sandwiches to choose from, ranging from the farm garden sandwich to the pulled pork sandwich. The prices are around 10 dollars for sandwich or salad. The salads themselves are pre-made and on ice in the area right next to the drink station.For those that are vegetarian, there are 3 different full salads and 3 different sandwiches to choose from, all with distinct flavors. I've tried the marinated portabella, which was decent. Everything was very fresh, and the bread was high quality, but I would have liked to taste more balsalmic vinegar in the mushroom for more flavor. The whole sandwich was a good portion that will leave you full for lunch.I tried a slice of pecan pie ($4.25). It seems like it's made with freshly shelled pecans, but beware when you chew. Apparently they can get a bit careless with their nut-shelling, because I got a large piece of shell in my pie! (Minus one star, I could have broken a tooth on that shell!)The main reason to come here is to enjoy the grounds. It's a really nice place to picnic, and get away from the hustle and bustle of the city to relax, unwind, and enjoy the beauty of nature. You can also bring your dog(s) here, which is also a plus!
3	The Farm Kitchen is definitely a tourist trap, with overpriced food and buses abound. That being said....Their food was good. I wouldn't have visited this restaurant except for the fact that I had a groupon, $10 for $20 worth of food and drinks. I was SHOCKED that $20 didn't cover two sandwiches (without drinks) for lunch. Their price point is very high (think around $11-13 for a sandwich, with nothing else included). I had a turkey sandwich with a whole variety of toppings (lettuce, sprouts, mustard, avo), and my hubs had the pulled pork sandwich. As others have said, I could tell that the bread was very fresh, and I'm often willing to pay a little more for that. The desserts that they had out were tempting, but again pricey ($5 - $6 for a piece of cake). We couldn't stop ourselves and tried a piece of the carrot cake, which had cream cheese frosting and was fantastic. I didn't feel like the customer service was all that stellar, but perhaps that's because it was packed when we visited (with tourists). I did enjoy the farm atmosphere, but would have appreciated some indoor seating or an attempt to keep the multitude of flies away from our food. I'd go back if I had another groupon, but I don't think I'd try it again otherwise.
4	So are ya sick of the dessert? Wanna take a break and see some green grass? Well this is the perfect place! I was thinking to myself when I saw this place..."wow, there is actually grass in Phoenix?" Haha.Ok, on to business! Came here because we had a groupon for $20 off. With the groupon, it was a great deal. But it can be kind of spendy without it. But the upside is....you could bring your own stuff! Order a delicious sandwich or some soup and salad, bring some chips and some drinks, and you are ready for a real nice picnic in this nice lush piece of land. There must have been so much flower, because my allergy was going crazy. That's how I know I'm in the presence of nature. It's a nice way to spend a weekend lunch. Bring the kids, bring the dogs, bring the whole family. It's awesome.
4	A little slice of the farm in the city. Came here with a Groupon and some high expectations.Food: All pretty darn delicious. I got the Italian sandwich, wife had the farm garden sandwich and the kiddos split a pb&j. All of the sandwiches were fabulous. They were all large and almost worth the $10 per sandwich (except the kids which was ~$2.50). We got a fruit salad for the kids to share and a pasta salad for the wife. We got two bags of chips, a cookie for the kids to split and a lemon bar for mom and dad. We got two drinks (which have free refills, and there are cups for ice water too). After the $20 Groupon we had we still spent an additional $27. Not cheap, but it was all great.Atmosphere: You will sit outside, it is hot if you go any time between April and October (welcome to Phoenix). There are however plenty of trees and some umbrellas to provide shade. There is lots of seating in front of the restaurant as well as towards the back of the farm at picnic tables under trees. The kids liked having freedom to run in the grass.Value: Without a groupon it is kind of hard to spend almost $50 on lunch for 2 adults and 2 kids who split a meal. The food however is delicious, fresh and the sandwiches are large portions. The sides and desserts are probably a little small for the price. The drinks are priced ok and you get refills, you just have to stand in line. Will we be back, probably. Will it be in the summer, don't count on it.
3	The atmosphere is great. I love the trees and picnic tables.The food is meh and you'll pay $12 for a sandwich.
5	Everything about this experience was perfect. The farm setting, the awesome service, and the delicious food! You definitely MUST try the french toast. I also tried the chicken enchiladas which were great as well.After our meal, our group explored the farm a bit to find baby goats, free-range chickens, and succulents and cacti gardens. Gorgeous place and can't wait to get back.
4	This place is a world away from the Phoenix urban desert.  The kind of place you take the kids to on a Saturday afternoon in November to get some fresh food, kill some time, and take in some crisp air.
4	I really enjoyed the lunch.  The turkey sandwich was fresh and tasty.  The salads were good but the kale soup was super salty.  The portions are great but I found it a bit too pricey for what we got.  It's a great place to enjoy eating outside and take a simple stroll afterwards.
4	Bought a groupon for this place. LOVED the atmosphere and food was fresh and delicious. All locally grown thrown together in a delicious sandwich. The only reason why I gave 4 stars is the price. Sandwiches range from 10-15.00 and everything is ala carte so it could cost over 20.00 for lunch. It is however very tasty and worth a treat every now and then. Beautiful pecan tree groves shops and local artists are on display here. Great place to bring the family and picnic.
1	Really, just not good. Just left The Farm kitchen and was able to sample 4 different kinds of sandwiches. The nice girls at the counter informed us when we were looking at the menu that we could order half and half to try different kinds. I ordered the BBQ pork and the pecan chicken salad- my husband ordered the Italian and the Tuscan. 20 minutes later... Our order still hasn't come up but they were serving the majority of the people that came in after us. I finally went up and asked as I didn't think 2 sandwiches would take that long. The guy calling out the numbers gave me some attitude and said he'd check. Moral of the story- we waited way too long for the sandwiches and when we got them it seemed as though maybe they were sitting for a bit as the bread on the BBQ pork sandwich was completely soaked and Inedible... The pecan chicken salad was a few chunks of chicken sandwiched between a big baguette... And funny enough, sans pecans. Italian was prob the best out of the 4, if I could even say that. I should also mention- 30$ for two sandwiches and two drinks... Overpriced and underwhelming. I was also intending to use the groupon I had purchased on this trip but they weren't accepting because a wine festival was going on nearby... So unfortunately I still have that groupon... But won't be running back anytime soon to use it.
4	The best outdoor place in Phoenix to have a good healthy lunch!  My personal favorite is the Italian sandwich with ice tea.  Great place to bring out of town guests!
5	Hidden gem indeed! Breakfast was extremely tasty,  nothing about it was just okay. I can't wait to go back and try the lunch. A new favorite for sure!
5	The Farm Kitchen at South Mountain is a refreshing break from your usual experience. My mom and I came here with a groupon (though I would return without one) and really enjoyed the outdoor luncheon experience we had here. The sandwiches we got were absolutely delicious, and we paired them with the best Arnold palmers. All of their ingredients are farm fresh, which is always a plus when dining out.Overall, the Farm Kitchen at South Mountain is a beautiful place to enjoy a yummy meal.
5	Had a great outdoor experience a couple of days ago. The grounds are beautiful, service prompt and the sandwiches delicious. Bring your dog along and have a picnic, plenty of room for all. All of the food was fresh and wholesome and served in baskets you can take to the tables. Self service, but isn't that what a picnic is all about. Choose a lovely day. We plan to go back with friends next weekend!
4	They have such a quaint set-up.  Farm to kitchen theme, the dining area is outdoors in a country courtyard setting.  They have all kinds of baked goods as well which is a huge plus.  We tried the brownie which was great and the apple cranberry cobbler.  The cobbler was very pricey but pretty good.  I will probably make my own on that one next time..The Asiago chicken sandwich was delicious!  Artichoke hearts and dressing and chicken on foccacia bread.  Kind of sloppy to eat but well worth it.  The steak sandwich was also solid, but not worth the $10.  Maybe if they put a little bit more sauce on it, it'd be less bland?Overall this is a nice little spot to eat when the weather is comfortable.  I'd say its worth the upcharge only if you're eating there.
5	If you like eating outdoors picnic style, this is the place for you. Your meal is put in a basket and you can sit in the patio or along one of the benches on the beautiful ranch property. Sandwiches are a little pricier but you pay for the incredible view. Keep an eye out. This restaurant offers Groupon deals.
4	A beautiful venue for my friend's baby shower - delicious lemonade, sandwiches and salad on a warm day, at adorable picnic tables under big old shady trees.  The server was really friendly and everything was tasty and fresh.Such a lovely place!!  I'd definitely come back for a romantic date or girly chit-chat, but it was really a perfect setting for a party.  We had several tables all together - plenty of room to make it festive with decorations, games, and opening a tower of presents.  It also made for beautiful photos!! Being outside really gave the shower a little something special.
4	Love this cozy little spot. There is a nice outdoor area to eat complete with picnic tables -people bring their dogs and play on the grass. Not much shade so plan wisely with the weather. The sandwiches are all good. We have had the pulled pork- one of my favorites-and the pecan chicken sandwich. The salads are delicious as well. Nice assortment of desserts, but the pies are more crusty then they should be, but pies really aren't my thing.  No one rushes you to leave- a perfect picnic environment. It is a little pricier then other sandwich places as lunch for 5 of us was $75, but you are paying for the surroundings.
3	after a hike at south mtn, we wanted to have some food! this place is really close to the javelina trailhead and we heard they are very dog friendly. we did not expect the enormous amount of people. it was over an hour wait for The Morning Glory cafe...the breakfast/brunch spot at the same location. lucky for us, the Farm Kitchen had just opened at 10am and were serving sandwiches and salads.first off, if you've never been here (like us) and if you are a vegetable gardener/canner and chicken fan (like us), you are going to LOVE just the layout alone! even if you don't have nary a speck of dirt under your fingernails, you will still LOVE the layout! it is so farm like, but not like eating at your dad's cow farm while wearing overalls. we split a kale salad. it was a bit small for the price and the kale didn't look like kale. i grow several varieties of kale, but theirs looked like mesculin mix salad. no matter, it was pretty good with the quinoa, cranberries, and golden raisins. i probably would skip it next time.my portabello sandwich was overflowing with mushrooms and other veggies. my wife's veggie sandwich was much the same, although i felt like it was something we make on a regular basis at home. the coffee was strong and rich, and there are several little side options you can purchase like potato salad, mac n cheese, and even individual portion desserts. what you really pay for i guess is the atmosphere. it's a little pricey i thought, but the grounds are a home gardener/farmers eye candy. our friends told us to try for the breakfast place again as it was really good, but not worth an hour wait. they allow dogs of all sizes as it is outdoor seating. the Farm Kitchen line was short at 10am but by 11am, it was just as bad as the Morning glory cafe.
4	Had a fantastic lunch here today. Extremely tasty BLTDCA or whatever they call it. Chicken, dates, pesto mayo, bacon, apples, etc. Really tasty sandwich, great pecan shortbread cookies, yummy salads (though it's a bit of a bummer to eat them jammed up in their plastic cages), and a fantastic spot that feels a good deal removed from the desert. A tad on the pricey side, but really high quality stuff.
3	Have been a few times with work friends for lunch.  the place gets PACKED so we usually have to show up early.  the soup and sandwiches are really good and most of the year sitting outside isn't an issue.   The place is defiantly overpriced though.Also be ready to play Frogger when you show up, parking is on the other side of the road and you have to run across the street and avoid cars to get there!!
3	Very excited to try this place as it had all the right variables to be amazing. Ambiance is top notch on the farm with picnic tables in the grass. Sandwich menu was modern, appetizing, tight with only 10 or so options. Unfortunately, everyone's sandwiches were soggy and the bread sued didn't seem to fit with their theme. Bread was chewy, bland. Heavy sauce distracted. On the Italian sandwich, heavy dosing of balsamic made it sting and corrode the lining of your mouth. Still, it is a fun venue and don't forget to bring a Frisbee (and perhaps your own sandwich).
5	simple lunch menu with delicious ingredients.  Fresh and healthy.  Great atmosphere and surroundings. Tomato bisque soup was fantastic.  A definite return trip.  Great date spot.
4	Awesome experience and food... I really liked the atmosphere, just wish there was a bit more seating  ! Salad was great
2	Ahh yes, The Farm Kitchen at The Farm At South Mountain. I had it bookmarked to try for over a year. Finally got around to doing just that on Sat, May 3rd, 2014. I guess it was a bad omen when the BBQ place I wanted to take friends was already sold out and had been before noon that day.While they may serve good ingredients they sure do charge a premium for them. I spent just short of $22 (yep, half sandwich, cup of soup, drink and a small dessert, $22) for lunch and that was no tip included.Why no tip you ask? Well other then having to make the sandwich I ordered and pour the soup into the cup you have to do everything yourself including clean up after yourself. TIPS really means: To Insure Prompt Service. There is no service here. Plus they gave me the wrong sandwich. So they got 50% of my order wrong.$22 for a self service lunch with baskets and plasticware. The sandwich was good and the soup just ok. This should have been at the very most, $10 to $12. I guess you have to pay for the ambiance of dining outside. Hey, it didn't cost them a dime to erect a building, insure it, air condition it, etc. All of the other expenses which might drive the cost up to $22.And honestly while it was nice to dine on a rickety old splinter infested wobbly picnic table under a tree, it wasn't like it was a nicely manicured golf course like lawn. I'm not sure why all you people are so WOW about this place. I'm never going back.
1	I can't write a review as both times I tried going here -- once with two co-workers and once with my partner -- it was closed.  The second time I called the restaurant (from the parking lot across the street) and a recording stated they are closed for the summer until September.  I don't know how to notify Yelp without writing a review.  If there is a way to do that please let me know.  Thanks.
5	Beautiful day, great food. So relaxing eating fresh, amazing food and being able to carry on a conversation.  It's a bit out of the way but so worth it. Doesnt get much better than this.
