5	Deer Creek Animal Hospital is a big, beautiful and modern facility. Super friendly crew of animal lovers, instills confidence that your pet is in good hands. Behind the office counter were several dogs and cats lounging around contently, and in harmony. Proving the atmosphere at Deer Creek is all about the pets. When I arrived to pick up my pet from his procedure, I was escorted back to the recovery kennels to retrieve my pet with the assistant. That was a nice touch I thought. Also shows, there is nothing to hide. Check out was an experience too. I was briefed with great detail, and in no way rushed. All my questions answered with due attention. I received post-op instructions, custom printed for my pet and his recovery!    There is also a well stocked and appointed feed/accessory store within. Roomy and well lit, nicely planned, not an afterthought in the corner as is so typical.Yeah, I'm impressed, and I'll be back.
5	I would gladly recommend Deer Creek Animal Hospital to my friends! I never feel like I'm being pressured to buy more than I need to, which is such a relief as compared to other places I've been. Luckily we don't go often, but whenever we are there the staff is very friendly and the Dr. is very honest and gentle with my dog. Two paws up for this place!
5	I utilized Deer Creek for its Doggy Day Care, and they were always amazing.  The price (at the time $15ish), is way more affordable than any other day care facility.  My dog had A LOT of energy and I was so happy to find a place she would be able to play all day and I could feel comfortable leaving her.  I love the fact that if its too hot outside, the dogs can come in and roam around behind the counter and are not kenneled.  All of the staff was amazing and always happy to see Maxxi.  Unfortunately my dog was hit by a car and killed so I did not have the opportunity to take her in there for her yearly shots, but when I do decide to get another pet, I will for sure be taking them there for both day camp and vet services.  All around great place.
5	They staff is awesome!  I can get my dogs in the same day if I need to.  They also offer doggie daycare and boarding.  My dogs love going there!  They an acre of grassy area for the dogs to run around in as well as letting the dogs roam around the office during office hours.
3	The grounds are great.  The kennels are nice and I love that I can put all three of my dogs in one kennel.  I like walking in and seeing the day doggies running around.  I don't like that I have to pay for a bath each time my dogs go there.  Seems like a way for them to make more money.I prefer someone to come to my house to babysit our dogs when we are out of town but I will use this place when I have no where else to turn.Unfortunately, the last time we were there we had a mix up with collars between my dog and someone else's dog.  When I stopped back in to return the collar my dog was given - they acted like it was my fault that I didn't explain what my dog's collar looked like good enough to have prevented this.  It took some time but I got our collar back.  It's not the collar that is the issue because they are inexpensive but I didn't like how I was treated.  It's not enough to keep me from there - in fact I think we went there one time after that.  But, if I can hire someone to come to my house I will.
5	We use this place all the time for our weimaraner. Great day care, caring vets, and an awesome staff. They know our dog by name & when we see the staff in our neighborhood they always say hello.
4	Doggie day care is AWESOME! Our blue pits need the extra playtime and are good and tired after a full day playing.
5	I have been taking my doberman here for daycare for about 3 months after I was referred to them by a coworker who uses them as her vet - I have not switched to using them as my vet, but I may decide to in the future. I actually went to the facility without my dog and did a walk through and talked to the staff / trainers before I decided I would take my boy there I wanted to check it out.  I know probably a little overboard, but my dog is basically my child and I wanted to be sure that I would be comfortable leaving him there for a day - I actually visited 3 other places and this one was BY FAR the best. The price is fair (about $17 per day for daycare) and they have a HUGE yard with grass, trees, kiddie pools, sprinklers. Last week the vet called me to say that Trey (my boy) was bleeding from his mouth - he probably bit himself or got too frisky with another dog - she said not to worry and that she would keep him in her office until the bleeding stopped. He likes to play rough so I completely understand that these things can and do happen. To the guy who complained about his dog not being supervised and having to get stitched up: its a risk that you take when you bring your dog to a place like this - just like at the dog park things happen. What else should they have done?  Your dog got hurt and they fixed him..... I have been several times, andI know someone is always watching the dogs, but the yard is big and the dogs are free to roam around. Another positive - their grooming prices are very reasonable and the staff is super friendly.
5	I recently moved from LA with my three youngest children, who all just happen to be Pomeranians! I had not chosen a vet when my 11 year old baby had some sort of fit in the middle of the night and scared the bejesus out of me.I called Deer Creek Animal Hospital the next morning not knowing what to expect about getting an appointment and they fit me in THAT morning! The gentleman who answered the phone was so gracious as I babbled on about my sick baby. He remained gracious when I called from my car hopelessly lost and told me to come in even though I was going to be really late. Loki and I met with Alan first, who took vitals. He is a kind and friendly person. Then we saw Dr. Robbins DURING her lunch time, but she never made us feel rushed. I liked her friendly and easy-going personality and her diagnosis was right-on. The facilities are clean and beautiful. Loki is better. They even called a week later like they said they would to check on him!ps..I thought I might have lost my wedding ring there and they were so concerned when I called. Everybody there is so friendly!
5	I can't say enough positive about Deer Creek Animal Hospital. I have been going to them with my pets for about 3 years now. I have boarded my dog there several times and she always comes home happy and totally worn out from play time. I understand the need for a flea/tick dip after boarding, but I think the price plus the requirement for a dose of Frontline is a little high. Still, my dog loves it there and it is the only place I'll leave her. As far as vet services, they are excellent. I recently had to put my cat down after 15 years together. I came home from work to find him unable to move and I called the vet at 4:45. I was so relieved when they told me to come right in with him. Dr. Robbins assisted us with seeing my old boy safely to the Rainbow Bridge. Her words of comfort and a hug afterward meant the world to me. And then a few days later, I received a sympathy card signed by all the staff with a personal note from Dr. Robbins. I feel like Dr. Robbins and her team always go above and beyond. This is, by far, the best vet's office I've ever known.
4	We have 5 dogs and have been using Deer Creek for vet services, as well as grooming, for over a year now.  They are always helpful and answer all of our questions.  They also have boarding and day care.  If there were ever I time I needed those services, I would feel almost as comfortable letting my fur babies stay there as I would with one of my relatives.  The staff is caring and does a great job.
5	I have used Deer Creek for the past five years and they have always been great to me and my cat and two dogs. Everyone is super friendly and always helpful with any questions or concerns that I have and my animals are always well taken care of. Recently, Dr K. recommended that I bring my youngest rescue pup to daycare to help socialize her. She is very rambunctious and also untrusting of strangers. Yesterday was her first day and my fiance and I couldnt believe that our dog was so calm when we picked her up- she was plum tuckered out! She will now be going at least once a week. Thanks so much Deer Creek employees for always taking such good care of my babies! Dixie, Healey and Morgan thank you too!
1	I have taken my dog here for extended boarding twice.  Both times he was sick when I picked him up.  The latest illnesses include mange.  If you love your pet, go somewhere else.  The place is dirty, and they are indifferent to anything except charging for extra services.
5	I just brought my dog Sam in for his annual visit and he loves going to the vet!!  I wish I could post the picture I took of him waiting for the doctor.  He never acts stressed out when we go, probably because of how he is treated by the doctor and all the staff.  I have been going to Deer Creek Animal Hospital since a friend referred me around 2003 or so.  I am so glad I tried them out.  When I moved to AZ I had two other dogs and they too were very well taken care of there.  Even when it was time for them to go to Doggie Heaven the staff couldn't have been more loving and supportive.  Sam is treated like the Prince he thinks he is :)  I think they have very reasonable prices.  When they moved around the corner to their big beautiful building I was afraid maybe the prices would go up but I still think their prices are good.  The exam and shots (minue rabies) is under $100.  I pay a little more because I have Sam on preventative Heart Worm medicine.  He had heart worm when he was surrendered to the Humane Society.  To the people that have had a bad experience well I'm sorry to hear that.  I agree with the person that said that it could have happened any where.  I just referred a friend and was surprised by the $10 referral bonus that was on my account.  I would recommend Deer Creek to anyone who is looking for a great place to take their loved ones.
5	Best animal hospital in Phoenix.  Always honest and up front about costs and never pushy about procedures and tests.  Dr. Robbins is the best vet and has taken care of our two dogs for years - Dr. K and Higgins are great too.  And don't forget the gals and guys at the front desk - the best.
4	I am very happy at Deer Creek for the basic and as needed care of my dogs.  I do use low cost vaccinations from the many organizations around the valley, but the vets that I have used at Deer Creek have been punctual, friendly, knowledgeable and caring!  Thank you Deer Creek
5	What can I say about Dr. Higgins and her team - they are AWESOME! I initially went to visit them it was because the vet I had been going to sold the practice and my dogs did not like the new vet.  Dr. Higgins agreed to meet one of my dogs and Valentine loved her.  That was over 10 years ago.  I have brought all my dogs and cats into see her and my 2 newest dogs love going to doggie day care there.  We also like to go to their play days and meet new friends.  Had the opportunity to also use their trainer Jeremy with great success (I was the one that needed to learn some things about Yorkies).So glad for everything her and her staff does for us. I have referred many of my friends to her and they like them as much as I do.
5	Tri and Lauren and Kate and the rest of the staff are truly amazing at what they do. They sincerely care about the animals that are brought in for care whether for a vet treatment or for boarding. I trust them completely with my furry members of my family.
1	I just had a final horrible experience at this animal hospital. I've have gone here thankfully a handful of times, and each time I'd been surprised at the lack of friendliness, expensive fees and long wait times in the exam room. But it is nearby and I did not change vets. On this visit I went and was shown to a wait room, and was told the vet would be in shortly. I had my 2 year old toddler with me and the dog, waiting patiently, knowing there would be a wait, but of course this wait went on and on and on and on. After 20 minutes, I poked my head out the door and asked if the doctor could come soon since I also had a toodler in the room with me. Then I turned back in and my toddler had climbed on the seat next to the exam table and fell off and bumped her head. I expressed that I shouldn't have to wait so long, and that this isn't the first time and they had their doctor reasons but this does not change that they charge a large fee like all doctors for a short amount of time and the least they could do is not make people wait so long and have a little care and respect for their clientle. I spoke to the office manager and she refused to extend any courtsey for the incident due to the long wait. Needless to say, I will not give them my business again and I think you should think twice about visiting this place!
5	We recently had to put our cat down. Deer Creek is our regular vet, but this experience made me want to right a review. Our cat got sick suddenly and the news wasn't good. We would have to put her down within hours of bringing her in. The staff was amazing. They sat with her and held her while we dropped our little one off at school and I drove home from work. They made her last momments loving. They hugged us all and we just received a condolence card in the mail.  As long as I'm in PHX, this is where I'm bringing my pets. THey also amazingly got my ratty calico cat (who's been kicked out of other vets) shaved and my dog goes there happily for doggie day care. Loosing a pet isn't easy, and these people know it and care about you.
5	When you search for a vet, you probably never think about the times your dog will get sick after hours or you will need to board your dog for an extended vacation because your none of your family or friends can handle your big dog, and you certainly won't think about when you dog is literally on their last legs and you don't know if putting them down is the right thing to do. I cannot thank Dr. Higgins and the Staff of Deer Creek Animal Hospital enough for the 12 years of service and care they provided my dog, Max. Max always loved going to see the staff and they took excellent care of him as a puppy, an adult dog and up until the very end when we knew it was his time to go. As painful as it is to say goodbye, Dr. Higgins and her team were so kind and afforded us all the time we needed to make a hard decision, but a compassionate decision for our most loyal friend. I would recommend this clinic to any and all animal lovers. They truly care not only about your pet but the family your pet is part of as well.
5	Last week, my cat was attacked by a dog and Deer Creek was the closest place, (I had never been there before). It was by far the most horrifying experience I have been through, but Dr. Robbins and the staff made it as easy as it could have been. I read some of the other reviews before writing this one, and someone mentioned Dr. Robbins seemed like a dog person. When she told me the news about how Stella was doing she was in tears and I could see it was very hard for her to give me bad news. We ended up having to put Stella down and every member of the staff that was around was in tears. I'm sure they see this a lot, but I don't and this was my baby and they really made me feel as good as I could in that situation about the decision I was making. We are going to board our dog there when we go out of town in a couple weeks and also try their training classes if they have any available, I just felt very comfortable there, and like I was in good hands.Oh, and the night we put Stella down, Dr. Robbins called me to check on me and tell me how sorry she was. That really meant a lot.
5	My Pitbull was cut by some glass and had a deep wound on the back of his paw. A friend told me to bring him to this Animal Hospital and I am glad I did.Their Staff was amazing and understanding and you can really see they love their animals. While the prices for services are high after checking online they really arent much more then other places in the area but for the little extra I pay I always get great service.  Besides stitching my Pit's leg, I now bring him here for his nails and they always do a great job with him. I get alittle nervous because my pit is a pit and people get nervous around him, but he turns into the biggest baby when I bring him here and he always behaves for the girls who trim his nails.Great Animal Hospital and Doggy Daycare.
5	The staff is very friendly and you can tell they are animal lovers.  I took my dog here for day care and came back to find her behind the desk with the staff and other dogs.  I had told them to watch for her sore leg.  They did and they noticed her starting to limp and getting overheated so they brought her in, took her temp, and gave her some water.  I was so impressed that they had watched her so well.  I feel extremely confident in her safety when I leave her in their care.  They have great boarding rates as well.  My dog loves going here!!
5	Deer Creek takes such good care of my dog Rusty.  Rusty is a pretty big, strong dog but very fearful of vet offices.  We have taken Rusty for boarding services at Deer Creek several times and everyone has been so patient with him.  The associates have spent extra time with him in an effort to help him feel safe.  They have just "understood" that Rusty needed time and never made me feel ashamed of his nervous behavior (and believe me, other vet offices have made us feel that way).  During his last visit, Rusty had such a breakthrough that the tech pulled out his cell phone and took video to show me how happy Rusty was. He and another tech could not wait to show us the video when we got back from our vacation.  Now that is caring!Also thank you to Dr. James who treated Rusty for allergies.  She was so patient with me and my questions but also with Rusty' s need to go slow through his appointment.We are so glad that we found Deer Creek!
5	Deer Creek has always taken great care of our dogs! They always come back from boarding happy and clean. Our dogs get excited every time we pull into the parking lot.Our dog Abbie was spayed while she was on her last vacation at Deer Creek. It was good to see that they made sure she was comfortable and wasn't mixed in with all the other dogs while she was healing during the days after her surgery. Thanks for taking such great care of our family members!
5	We have been taking our (2) dogs there for over 4 years and couldn't be happier. When we pull into the parking lot, our dogs go crazy from excitement ~ they cannot wait to get into the door! Whether it is vet services, boarding, grooming, or just a doggie daycare day, the staff treats our dogs with such kindness and offers great customer service to us as pet owners.
5	Staff was very nice and my baby Pumpkin seemed to have enjoyed her stay. Next time I visit my family in Phoenix I will definitely use this facility again.
5	Excellent docs and groomers.  We have been taking our pets here for a long time.  Even when we had to put one down, the level of heartfelt compassion was overwhelming.
5	Took my dog there for a trial run day care visit before boarding next weekend.  First of all, my dog is my kid. I have no children, I've had him since he was a baby and he has developed dog epilepsy so I worry a TON about him. He was attacked a few times by a dog we used to have so I've been really worried about boarding him but decided it was TIME.I walked in and was greeted by smiling, welcoming calm faces. They assured me he would be fine, and gave me a tour. All the while speaking to my dog,  giving him loves and putting us both as ease. The facility was clean, large, lots of play room, and all the dogs in the play yard looked very happy.He received an excellent report and they even remembered me when I came back. I watched as they put his harness on and my dog calmly sat there allowing them to do so (a trick he doesn't even do for ME!)He has been pooped the rest of the afternoon.  There's no doubt he had an awesome time,  and was well cared for all day! Can't wait to take him back for more play time next weekend!
1	Sketchy Doggie day care. I would advise to look somewhere else if you are looking for your dog to be watched and not involved in negative behavioral socialization.
