3	This was our go to place for ordering in subs for a while, and we were loyal and told our friends. Miss Jean Talon is a greazy old diner with spunk up on Jean Talon, and their subs were marvels of old school jumbo Quebec fast food. Available in 10 or 14 inches (6? Grow up.) the pepperoni sub came with the fried mushrooms and onions, cheese, fresh lettuce and tomatoes you'd hope for plus sides of home dressing to soak it all in. But the steak sub is not that good (rubbery?) and they kept getting our order wrong and sending us the steak and pepperoni. And then the lettuce began to look, at times, a little off around the edges, and they changed the house dressing... Maybe this indicates the rough eddies of a transition time out of which Miss Jean Talon will rise glorious and triumphant, and I hope so. But for now we are dating other subs on the side and keeping our options open.
5	I love miss jean talon which is on the corner of wiseman and jean talon (hence miss jean talon) they have renovated the joint about 5 years ago but there menu stays the same, AMAZING!!! My all time favorite is the pizza!! Small miss jean talon special for 10.95$. It's a must have for all you pizza lovers out there
4	This is back to beloved diner status in my mind, based on a recent visit where I got to experience the full on Miss Jean Talon, not just the glimpse you get from delivery. Big booths, cheap glasses of beer, awesome friendly madame service, all day basic yummy breakfast so you can eat yer eggs in the afternoon while your friends eat a sub and a delicious personal sized pizza. I would totally go back here to eat diner food and drink all day, and if this sounds like joy to you too we should probably be friends.
4	Local pizza place that isn't too used to getting travelers. They were extremely accommodating to us by seating us at a table that would be even more comfortable than the one we chose. Also our waitress was attentive and was concerned with making sure our visit was a good one. The menu is quite large with a basic selection of pizzas and all kinds of other quebec dishes. Their poutin is pretty darn good and the small was a good snack size for even four people. We had the Miss Jean Talon special and it was delicious. The dough is fluffy and the crust is crispy. Only complaint would be that the ice cream here is all frozen yogurt, so the large dessert menu may not please you as much. Everything was cheap, a XL pizza $23, root beer floats $2.75, banana split $4.95, and small poutin $6.
4	This is an amendment to the other reviews already posted. I concur with the other 3 Miss JT lovers but wanted to add that I recently went there on a greasy cheap diner breakfast mission and at 11:30am they had already stopped serving breakfast!!! No more all day breakfasts...at least during the week. A bit of a disappointment as for $4.95 you can't go wrong and the booths/waitresses are the real McCoy. Definitely will continue to pop in for late night pizza but will have to seek lazy breakfast elsewhere.
5	Remember back in the 70s when pizza tasted amazing outstanding and delicious! Well this is that place! The smell of the fresh dough perfumes the place as you blast back to that era where your feet doesn't touch the floor and the heat from the pizza oven warm your cold bones on a winter after noon ..  After a session with my  Love &  Cheech and Chong we found ourselves drooling over the menu realizing that a few hours had passed and 13 glasses of water... we were finally ready to order Now I hate to brag, but i am self proclaimed an aficionado of burgers and i will say that Miss Jean Talon makes the best Hands Down Burger All of Quebec ... And if anybody wants to prove that their burgers are better ..Just send me an invite to your location and if you can even come close to making a burger that is as juicy, delicious, soft and tasty that can stimulate every emotion in your body to feel total ecstasy and enlightenment... then I give you that crown until then Miss Jean Talon  Makes The best Hands Down Burger All of Quebec The pizza as well was delicious, mind you i couldn't get much since my love was hunched over it with knife and fork and I've learned after a few stabbings not to reach in her plate when great food is in her area.  as she quoted ummm  amazing , ohh so good .. yumm , don't touch . leave it alone oh my god .. yess yess  ohhh godd yesss .. i need a smoke ... that was delicious .... we got to come back here again !    The service is incredible but to my astonishment they ran out of grape juice! Small miss hap but i'm bot going to flip out on that ... One of the cleanest places in the area and refreshing to see a diner with a big tv NOT PLAYING SPORTS {thank you} As for the wash rooms 1 000 001% cleaner than that guy you find creepy you work with. .  if your lost in Park EX of Montreal and not in the mood to rent some curry food then Miss Jean Talon is a great escape ... And I was serious about the burger Invite
4	A Park-Ex institution run by Greek holdouts who refuse to cede their neighborhood to the YUPPIE Invaders. Food is great. Service is aight (don't expect 5 star quality at the MJT, when your in "the Extension" sit down, shut up and remember where you are) and they have soft serve ice cream. I would rather eat here than any of the Indian joints. Although I love Indian people and Indian music (hey im not racist Ravi Shankar is a boss!) I find Indian food way too spicy and I dont like sauces or flavor so the MJT is perfect for me because they have no problem holding the sauces and making me dry tomato-less clubs even if they find it a little odd. Dolly the owner is a nice lady and the bathrooms are sparkly clean.Long live old Parc-Ex! May the Miss JeanTalon live on forever!
4	I've been craving so much junk food this week but I was too lazy to get out the house. I ended up searching for local restaurants that delivered where I lived and found this one. I ordered poutine and a sundae with it and was relieved to hear my doorbell ring exactly 36 minutes later. Bonus for their punctuality! Then I tasted my poutine, and damn, was it good (especially while watching a movie).All was good, except that the second time I ordered something (fettucini carbonara), the meal was a bit too thick. Other than that, my experience was pretty much good!
4	place doesn't look like much. a bit hard to find at first. some say its full of charm, i guess so.we had a cmye pizza meet that was long overdue but too bad most couldn't make it.. anyway, we ordered a half vegetarian and half miss jean-talon special. it took a while to get it but once arrived, you could smell the awesome pizza scent titillating your taste buds. once i got that first bite in, that's when the full on charm of the place and the sweet childhood memories just hit you in the face! at that moment, i fully understood the feeling.its decent pizza that will bring you back to your childhood when you enjoyed some greasy inexpensive pizza du coin with your parents. good old montreal pizza!we even had the waitress serving us pizza but that's because the booth was full and there was no place for the whole pizza.its byow (or beer) and you get beer mugs to drink out of.the neighborhood and the place made it look like i went back in the 80s. i mean, most of parc-ex is frozen in time which is charming but at the same time, hard for me. its poor, some streets are dirty as hell and simply gut-wrenching. anyway, if you want to eat and see what it was like growing up in the 80s as a montrealer kid, this is the place.now excuse me while i take this grain of sand out of my eye
