4	This place is a lot of fun. A great place to visit in Old Montreal to find a gift, or pick up some LUG bag or something (seriously, I'm addicted to the brand).They have lots of kitschy items, but also handy things as well. Think of it as an alternative to all those boring candles and horrible ornaments that make anyone go: ICK, unless it's what they asked for specifically.
4	This place is awesome. So many things to look at, see, make you laugh. Tons of great gifts/ideas. We spent a long time perusing through the stores many items...we especially liked the books and magnets. We wanted to buy everything. We did not, however, because the prices were a bit much. Happy to learn they have an online store and ship "anywhere".
3	This is a very cool store with unique gifts in Montreal. It's very similar to paper skyscraper in Charlotte and maybe even places like Urban Outfitters. I've also seen a few of the same products in other smaller boutiques (of which I can't remember names right now). In any case, they have babushka doll products, dead man (chalk outline type) pot holders, etc. They also have a line of products that run on the risky side and are quite out there. LOL! But they aren't in your face and if you wish, you can just turn your head and not look. Anyway all in all a fun place to spend a little time. The only thing I didn't like were the people hovering over you, either because that's how they are or they are their own security but it was totally annoying!
5	Lots of wild & crazy stuff, some useful,some just fun. Worth checking out for unusual gifts or just a little something for yourself.
4	such a different gift shop than others. They also Support Movember. While walking around the old montreal and seeing every other gift shop look the same, selling the same items and having the same prices, this store was a great find.Everything here is different from all the others stores. Books, socks, cups, food containers etc. bunch of random but great gift ideas. Prices are a bit high, but everything in the area is pricey.You get 15% off when you check in with #foursquare
3	Place shutting  down,  EVERYTHING in store priced to go.
