3	The best pizza in WaunakeeWhile I wouldn't rate this as my fave pizza in the Madison-area (Salvatore's in Sun Prairie and the Greenbush Bar share that esteemed title), Zoe's serves up a decent pizza pie.I appreciate that Zoe's offers three crust options (Hand Tossed, Regular Thin or Cracker Thin) since the family and I don't share the same crust preferences .  From a textural standpoint, the crust at Zoe's has the right combination of both bite and chew,  I just don't find the same level of flavor as the crusts at the aforementioned Salvatore's and Greenbush.The red sauce is better than average.  While it does not offer much herbal complexity, it does not have that "out of the can" taste.  There are four other sauce options (alfredo, BBQ, ranch and olive oil) if you are looking for something a little different.Besides the standard mozzarella, there are three other cheese options (fresh mozzarella, feta and cheddar).  My dad always mixed in a little cheddar one the pizza he made, so I utilize that option when I'm feeling nostalgic.  Our household is also a big fan of feta cheese, so we utilize that option quite a bit.The six meat options are pretty standard.  It would be nice to have a more upscale option like prosciutto.  Topping quantities are generously applied.The same can be said about the 16 veggie topping offerings.  The are generously applied, but there are no real gourmet options.The kids LOVE the garlic knots as an appetizer - I can take them or leave them.There are a variety of pasta offerings, sandwiches and salads on the menu as well.  I have not given them a try yet, so you are on your own if you choose to wander off the pizza reservation...The staff are friendly and the carryout pizzas are always ready on time.  Zoe's recently moved into a more spacious setting, so they now offer a dine-in option.  If you are looking for a good pizza in the 53597, this is the place you need to go.
4	Zoe's is our "go-to" pizza place in Waunakee.  Our favorites are the Trenton tomato and the Mediterranean.  The crusts are done well and the sauce has a great taste.
5	Zoe's is the place for pizza in Waunakee. Good crust comes in several options including a hand tossed thin crust that is a household favorite. Creative and tasty pizza options with generous toppings and fresh ingredients. Kids love the butter/garlic knots to munch on. Staff are really friendly. Have used both pick up and delivery - both offer timely service. Very nice new space for dining-in. I would rank Zoe's pizza among the best pizza places in the Madison area.
3	The food is good. Their pizza sauce is very tasty and the crust is just right. The slices are a little small, though. The staff isn't always the nicest...I've watched them talk about customers while they were right in front of them!!! Also...they don't wear gloves when they touch your food.  Even-so, one of the better pizza places in the area.
5	Best pizza in Waunakee, by far.  Not quite on the same level as Roman Candle but for Waunakee it's fantastic.
5	Tasty pizza, friendly service. I've only eaten Zoe's pizza once, but I know I'll be eating it again. The online ordering was very easy, and my pizza was ready right on time. The staff people there were friendly.The crust "crunch" was just right, and the toppings definitely were fresh, and the pizza had lots of flavor. I also ordered a house salad, which to my surprise, was full of darker greens. Zoe's doesn't hand out a wad of iceberg lettuce, which is quite nice!I've eaten on a few occasions at other nearby pizza joints (another in Waunakee, yes,) and Zoe's by far is the best.
