5	To sum it up in one word: IMPRESSIVE! We are loyal customers of The Hub (another one of their restaurants) so we were eager to try this new venture. It sits on the golf course at Augusta Ranch with gorgeous views of the water and greens--unexpected wildlife too with a lone coyote wandering the course! The place has a feel of a welcoming neighborhood bar mixed with an upscale country club with creative designer cocktails (try the grapefruit shocker omg!!) and eclectic snacks and sandwiches that made this foodie squeal with delight.  We had the meat and cheese board which had a wonderful mix of delicious artisan cheeses, Italian meats and pickled vegetables. This was definitely on par (no pun intended, well maybe a little) with anything at a 5 star restaurant. We also had a couple of "Smashies" which are their version of a panini and those were delightful as well. Hub fans will see some familiar items, such as the smoked wings, but again they knock it out of the park with the new Watermelon flavor--sweet and savory with just a hint of melon. Everything we tried was just a scale above everywhere else. It is also important to note that the management and the staff were awesome. The manager Chad and the waitress Nicole made us feel so welcome and even recognized that we were regulars at the Hub.  We had such a pleasant lunch on their patio and will definitely be back.
5	This is a great little place tucked away in Augusta Ranch. The menu looks awesome, but I've just had their pretzels.  They have the same smoked wings from the Hub, so those will be good. Good beer and wine selection, and a huge patio overlooking the golf course. I'll be back for sure.
5	Brand NEW place. Set @ The Augusta Ranch Golf Course. My wife and I have been in 4 to 5 times since it opened. Friendly and courteous staff. The menu has a good assortment of items to choose from. The French Soup is wonderful. The Bacon cheese burger was great too. Skinny fries are tasty too. The atmosphere is awesome and a huge upgrade from the previous establishment. Nice custom made patio seating outside and a large bar inside allows you to pick your type of experience. Looks like a Bloody Mary/ Mimosa special starting Jan.4. Only missing... a HH for the locals. Coming soon, I bet...
