3	Here's what you can expect from the new Party City in Goodyear: great prices, blah service. I was pleased to find a wonderful assortment of party gear and really great prices. Most pleasing were the aluminum foil pans (great price!!). I shall never purchase those at the grocery store again. Party City really had everything I needed, but what it didn't have was a decedent staff member working the checkout line. Both clerks were really young and apathetic. They were SLOW ... I am not that impatient when I shop, but this was ridiculous. My clerk kept taking my items out of the bag and ringing them up again, two, three times. I started worrying about what was happening, and when he was done he didn't give me a receipt. I asked, "Can I please have a receipt?" and he replied, "It's totally messed up" and sort of threw his hands in the air. OKAY .... He said, "if you have a problem with anything, just tell them who I am" and he motioned to his nametag. I think it said Matthew. I stepped aside and did a mental count of my items and the approximate price - my total charge seemed right, so I left.I'll go back to Party City, but I will make sure when I do that I am in my most "chill" mode possible. I can't imagine being stressed and rushed in this store!
1	Very negative and disappointing experience here last month re the 2 teen or young adult cashiers and inappropiate conversation at the check out (one was working the register, the other was chatting to her).  Lots of talk re drinking and antics of her friend's mother related to that, including "standing on top of her car and peeing", etc.Quite unbelieveable the conversation was going on.  I was the 2nd person in line and the two women in front of me had a young girl (about 5 or 6) w/them listening to the whole thing.  I e-mailed corporate office and got an immediate response.  Apparently this location is a franchise but they said they'd pass the complaint on.
3	This is a pretty cool place, after visiting three other places. We ended up purchasing our kids pinata from here. They have a huge selection to choose from. They also have a huge selection of party themes. They have everything from cups, decorations, candies, and props. Workers were very helpful and the prices are very reasonable.
2	I am really iffy on giving this party city 2 stars. The staff seemed side tracked and in their own world. I decided to find the items I needed on my own. (I was tired of asking for help)The merchandise was all over, a little on the trashy side. I was very surprised by the way it looked. Seemed to me like they didnt take any pride in their store. I ordered balloons and they seemed to gotten my order mixed up with someone else's. Which was a little frustrating. During Halloween it is of course often packed, but the first time i had ever went I saw one of thw staff stepping on their own merchandise to get pass customers. Some were interested in making conversations with  "cute customers"
