5	The only good thing about the Boulevard Mall? The Cinnabon in their foodcourt!Lets not kid ourselves... the Boulevard Mall has gotten a little run down these past few years. You are more likely to get mugged or stabbed in the parking lot than finding a decent store to shop at inside. But if there is something that makes a trip here worth it: Cinnabon! Just like the other locations, this spot serves up great gooey cinnabuns. Covered in rich frosting, these things are the definition of guilty pleasure. The pecanbun has a great caramel kick to it and you can even get a box to go.Thankfully the mall locations are cheaper than their airport counterparts. There is entrance directly to the food court located in the back (or east side) of the mall. Definitely the best thing about the mall.
4	Of all the changes over the years at the Boulevard Mall, this Cinnabon is still here! I was in the area and thought I'd pop in to see if it was still around since I hadn't enjoyed one of their tasty gems in years. This was the only place in the food court with a line and the smell coming from Cinnabon was wonderful. There was a lady rolling out dough and another quickly moving customers in line through. They had the usual classic Cinnabon and Minibon warm and ready to eat and some packaged for those who want to take some on the go. Priced at $13.99 I picked up a "Classic 4 Pack" for take home and priced at $3.99 an order of "Cinnabon Stix" (5 pc.) that came with a side of cream cheese frosting. Hubby and I munched on the stix during out ride home and didn't really like them as much as we hoped to. The stix needed more cinnamon sugar to be enjoyable in my opinion. The classic rolls I heated up for dessert later were very good! There was plenty of cinnamon and cream cheese frosting on them and they heated up nicely. I noticed something else on the menu called "Center of the Roll" which is nothing but centers from their classic rolls pilled together with cream cheese frosting. I know what I'm trying next time!
4	Damn it smells good at this place! My wife and I stopped here to pick up some dessert with the hopes of having some left for breakfast the following day. Originally we wanted a package of Minibons. They only had the regular ones packaged so we just went ahead with those which gave us each one for dessert and each one for breakfast. The only problem with the bigger ones is trying to finish it! The rolls heated up nicely and was comforting even on a day as hot as it was. I'm sure enjoying it in my A/C had something to do with it. I purchased a couple extra sides of cream cheese frosting yet really didn't need it because there was a very fair amount of it already on the rolls and they were gooey at the bottom in a good way. I also tried some of the cinnamon stix but they were in need of much more sugar. since just the taste of cinnamon alone isn't great. Probably best just sticking with what has been right all along... the cinnamon rolls.
