4	YIV is a new Middle Eastern themed coffee lounge in Lawrenceville.  So new... that they won't be open until October 2007.  They specialize in Middle Eastern and North African coffees and teas as well as desserts from the area.  Please visit the website above for more details.UPDATE: As of October 2009, YIV has been sold to new owners who have reopened it under the name Istanbul Grille.
3	The only reason I go here is because it's so very very close to my house & they have superfast wireless. The staff is sometimes super helpful and , well, sometimes not very helpful. The walls are bright and cheery, the owners seem to be very committed to the community and providing a space for events that probably have a hard time in other venues - weekly belly dancing, weekly political movie nights, speed dating for single vegetarians, etc. The seating is a lot of low tables and pillows, and yes, there are often a lot of hippies here. The space is bright and open, and provides a "community" space - I have seen spirited discussions start up among strangers across the room. YIV is open late like a bar, but there's no smoking or alcohol, which is a positive thing, honestly. Some of their special brewed iced teas are heavenly - a lot of other menu items are a little "eh." they can make turkish coffee, but they have no espresso machine. a lot of the beverages are not good when you order them with soy milk, so be careful, my vegans. the food is highly variable, but usually at least edible, and there are vegan options. it's good for all ages - ive seen lots of happy little kids here. and the older set too - BYOB with a small corking fee. the flavored sodas are pretty fucking delicious - i recommend lavendar vanilla. I definitely get the impression that this is a group of people who are pretty new to running a business, but they are working to make it happen, and I think that's a lot of what Butler Street needs.
4	A unique hangout with a harem/lounge aesthetic, and an emphasis on Middle Eastern and North African culture.  They host lots of community events (many of which are free), and they are very accommodating to groups looking to book events there.All of the food I've tried there is creative, light, and tasty.  The drinks have been consistently excellent, and they have quite a wide selection.  I like the fact that it's BYOB.The staff is all very friendly, though not very efficient.  My biggest complaint is that, both times I went there, they were very slow to serve my orders.  In their defense, they were relatively busy on both occasions.  Hopefully, this will improve.
4	There is a lot to love about this place, so I will explain some of the reasons I love it, in no particular order.1) It is open late!  Nothing in Lawrenceville is open late, except bars (and I do like the bars, but not all the time)2) It is non-smoking!  I thought there was a law against smoking, but most of the bars don't seem to know about this yet.3) Great drink selection, despite not serving espresso based drinks.4) There are events here every night.  I ended up watching the Superbowl here because the Thunderbird was too crowded (where was everyone the rest of the season?).  I ended up really enjoying it even though there was only a handful of others watching the game there.  It was BYOB, and for $10 or $12 (can't remember), there was an all you can eat buffet, with plenty of vegetarian food.  I started taking yoga here on Thursday nights ($5 a class, and the teacher is great).5) Great atmosphere.  The front is nice and bright, and the back is nice and dim cozy.  Owners and staff have all been super-friendly every time I have been there.I haven't had the food there (except the superbowl buffet), so I can't really comment on it.  Sometimes there is too strong an incense smell, but I am kind of sensitive to that.  I wish they were open earlier, too, but  there are other coffeehouses that cater to the daytime crowd.  Maybe they will expand their hours in the future.
2	They had fantastic and affordable brunch service on Sundays, but abysmal service, an odd corking fee structure, and inconvenient hours. The concept was beautiful. It was a shame to see them close. Here's hoping that Istanbul, the new business operating in the same space, has a better run with things.
1	I'm not surprised at all that they closed. I had been there a few times and had a semi-pleasant time -- an interesting concept, but the food/drinks were nothing terribly special.The last time I was there, the service was APPALLING. The two guys working the counter were incredibly rude and sassy. I actually heard them mocking me.I've been to a past Istanbul Grille location, and I'm glad to hear they've taken it over! Hopefully they'll have some servers who aren't stuck-up hipster morons, unlike their predecessor...
