5	Mike fixed my bumper and doors after I had gotten into a car accident . He matched the paint right on and had my car back to me in no time . Not only was he helpful in explaining the process but he was also very personable and professional. I give him 5 stars for such  great service !
5	As soon as I pulled up to this place I saw nothing but high end vehicles I thought to myself Oh no another shop to try to take advantage of me being Regular guy in Regular car Once I arrived inside was i was greeted by mike and then we went outside to assess the damage on my vehicle he seemed very knowledgeable and was very friendly his quote was very reasonable so I decided to go with him when I got my car back my car was good as new thanks Mike and thanks Exclusive Customs!!!
5	Best shop in town hands down.  Friendly service, great prices and better work!!!!   I wudnt go anywhere else, this shop is the one u leave ur car and u know 100% when you get it back they have exceeded ur expectations.  Good work guys, thank Mike for pimpin out my ride.  U guys should have ur own TV show
5	Unfortunately, in the past 6 months I've had to get my body kit on my car fixed up twice due to some accidents. I came to Exclusive Customs both times and left very satisfied and happy with their quality and diligent work. It looks as if nothing happened to my car! They matched my odd type of paint with no problem and were able to give me a very decent price both times I went there. Definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for quality body work on any type of car.
5	exclusive customs is the best custom paint shop in las vegas. very good service & excellent work.
5	I've been corresponding with the owner Mike about some things I wanted to get done to my car  and he has been super helpful. Recently decided to get a doubled din installed and dropped it off to them around 10:30am on a Friday. They had it done by 2:30pm same day. Super easy transaction, good clean work, and a friendly helpful owner and staff. Will definitely be coming back for some more work in the future!
5	I had my car done at Exclusive Customs twice . The first time I took it in was because my car was keyed. I needed the entire car painted, they did an amazing job on the paint job and they were able to help me with my deductible because I was going through some financial troubles. The second time someone crashed into me and it needed some body work done, they were able to do in a short period of time and it looked like it had never been in an accident. Great customer service and great work.
5	Nothing but awesome customer service! Mike is the man! Check them out & they'll hook you and your car up right!
5	I can tell you right off the jump that you will not find anyone as dependable as Mike... You can tell he is extremely experienced immediately with his knowledge base when asking questions... You will easily see right when you pull up the type of vehicles they work on... For people that have that luxurious of cars to trust him with their work, that says a lot... One thing I REALLY love about Mike is that he is a perfectionist... If he sees the most miniscule issue that the naked eye could not see, he will fix it... I can't tell you the appreciation I have for that... I have a brand new Lexus that received some damage and there is no way you could EVER know there was ever an issue with it... It looks better than when I bought it... Not to mention that his prices are extremely fair... I won't ever let anyone but Mike even go near my car when it needs anything done... I highly recommend exclusive customs...
5	I received referrals to this shop from a lot of my trusted friends and they where all right - Mike and his crew do a great job with a professional manor to get the job done perfect the first time at a great rate.
5	I was referred to Mike by a good local friend of mine, had tint done and wheels powdercoated. I was highly impressed with the work and at a fair price also. He and his team are knowledgeable and experienced in all the work they do, will highly recommend.
5	So i'm new to this town and I clipped my brand new niche 18" rims on a curb like a dummy a few days back.  Mike was prompt and professional in his estimate and that great thing is that he gives you his personal number so he deals with everything (a rarity for an owner to be so attentive to service).  I don't know many people in town so he even offered one of his mechanics to drop me off at home so I didn't have to sit for hours in the waiting room.  I was pleasantly surprised by the job they did.  It's like it never happened!  My rims were black too so they matched the paint perfectly.  I would highly recommend this place for custom needs on your vehicle!
5	mike did a great job on custom work on my rear defuser and the air brushing came out fantastic very life like. I will definitely use again.
5	I couldn't be happier with the work Mike did! I feel like I have a brand new car. I recommend him to everyone I know looking to get work done on their car, and everyone ends up extremely happy!
5	Cool spot!
5	Awesome work, fair prices and great customer service. The whole crew is professional, especially Mike. He's warm, friendly and will go into detail about anything you might not understand or have questions about. And he always picks up his phone, even when he's off the clock!!! Guy works too hard hahahaha.
5	Nothing but positive things to say about this place! I got referred to them by a close friend when I got into a car accident they took care of my car and I got it back like nothing get happened. They also referred and drove me to a car rental place and we're giving me updates as my car was getting fixed. I was so impressed by the work that they did so I a few months later I went back for a few upgrades to the car (window tint and blacked out lights) that only took a day to completeOverall I suggest this place for all car needs you will not be disappointed!
5	Mike is the best out there. He will help you with everything he can and soo much more he is a truly amazing person. He will make sure your car get the best work on it
