5	First....let us just bow down to a company that can open two locations on the same street.  Granted, that street is Las Vegas Boulevard (affectionately known as "The Strip") but for the prices they charge here....this is quite a feat.I didn't think I was the Tiffany's type.  You know...black dress.....large sunglasses....coiffed hair.  I like to go camping.  I have a dog.  I don't even wear necklaces.  I scoffed at all of it.But really....I was just jealous.  Jealous of the Audrey Hepburn types...all of those women who could put different pieces of jewelry on with ease and have ALL of it look good on them. On my birthday last year, after indulging in many many MANY cocktails...I wandered into this store.  I was wearing workout clothes (my birthday happened to fall during a fitness convention).  I'm sure my hair was not very pretty. I was clearly inebriated.  But the gentlemen at the door looked at me like I was Audrey herself.  Doors were held open for me, and all of the salespeople smiled as I perused the counters.I am not really sure why I walked in.  The combination of alcohol and shiny things, I suppose.  But then I saw it.....a ring.  Sterling silver, and very similar to a "lucky" (but cheaper) ring that I once had but lost.  I drooled a little on the counter, and the incredibly nice salesgirl wiped it off while asking if I wanted to try it on.Of course I said no.Of course she insisted.I told her I have large man-like hands, you won't possibly have my size (It is 8.5, for you tall good-looking gentlemen playing at home)She had my size.I fell in love, and walked out with my first teal bag. I have been back to have it cleaned, and they are still wonderful every time.So Tiffany's, thanks for inviting in a sweaty girl.....and making her fall in love.
5	Terri Kane is my gal when it comes to my Tiffany & Company visits here in Sin City.  She has helped me a number of times to pick just the perfect piece for me. She keeps in mind my style, the type of work that I do and my previous purchases. I didn't think she was telling the truth when I last saw her and asked if she remembered me. She even remembered Walter's name. Now that it has been so long I'm not sure she will remember but I was still impressed the last time. Anyways, Terri isnt one of those sales gals who press something on you and really forces you to buy or make you feel bad for taking up their time and thus twisting your arm to buy.  She is calm, cool, professional, collected but SUPER funny!  She enjoys a good laugh and will show you anything you'd like to see. It was nice to have so much time with her. I was able to ask her for suggestions and to ask about the pros and cons of certain pieces, and to ask what would go with what and what combos might be too much for everday.  I appreciated her opinions and really liked that she talked to Walter and explained the nature of the pieces that I looked at.  It's important to me that she also talk to him. He was the one paying for my item.  That was one of the reasons that I wanted her to talk to him but also I wanted him to be able to tell her what he wanted to see from the piece that we decided to buy. For example, Walter knew I liked P. Picasso and E. Peretti.  So, we went straight for those. Then, we decided we liked the sterling or white gold items, with or without diamonds. We narrowed down our serach and made sure we were all on the same page. You let me know. Who do you know that would do that with you? EXACTLY!  That's why I was so impressed and really enjoyed myself here. Thanks, Terri. You made my shopping experience AMAZING!
5	Great service!  I walked in my with my wife and she has had her eye on a bracelet for while so we went to go look.  Our customer service rep was super nice and did not pressure us at all but since I had a good day at the tables I purchase the bracelet for her.
2	This review is more about the Tiffany Company, but this store just happened to be the messenger I'm about to shoot.I like this store a lot--it's two stories, the top one containing watches and accessories and the bottom featuring everything sparkly. The sales associates are relatively friendly (some are very friendly, most act uninterested but will talk to you if you approach them,) the doormen are always friendly and, well, it's Tiffany.Over the last three years (since I started my first "real" job,) I've purchased three sterling silver pieces, the first of which was one of the "charm bracelet" necklaces with a heart pendant from the flagship Tiffany in New York. The later two were gifts for my mom. Today, we brought in all three pieces for a long overdue cleaning.The bill? Wait, there's a bill? $15 per item. FOR A CLEANING. Yes, not only are you going to pay several hundred dollars for a piece of Tiffany jewelry, but they're more than happy to charge you more to dip it in their ~special~ Tiffany cleaning solution (I imagine it's colored Tiffany blue) and make you wait three hours. We decided to clean ours at home.One of my girlfriends brought her engagement ring for a cleaning and had it done within minutes for free. Tiffany only offers complimentary cleaning for gold and platinum pieces; their very popular sterling silver pieces are apparently inferior, which is how you're going to feel if you bring yours into the store.As a student of hospitality, I judge all businesses on customer service. Despite its reputation, Tiffany fails when it comes to treating customers well. As a college student working part-time, I don't have a lot of money to spend here, but even if I do in the future, Tiffany will have already lost my business. Note: You may have seen this review before. I accidentally posted it on the Bellagio store's page, but meant to put it on the Forum Shop store's page.
3	So.. back in March, I lost a charm to my charm bracelet. This was the second time that I lost said charm. I received it the first time as a graduation gift from my father and after that charm was lost, another was purchased to replace it. To eliminate any question of how the charm was lost, it wasn't because of negligence or misuse of the product. But rather, the "locking" technology on the charm could be manufactured better. They shouldn't be so easily unlocked and unhooked from the bracelet.When I pay for a piece of jewelry from such a world renowned company, as everyone else, I expect to not have to worry about how easily it is lost. The first time around? Okay, fine. But the second time? I work in retail so I don't do heavy duty tasks where I should be worrying about the durability of my jewelry.I went to this Tiffany & Co. location to speak with a customer service representative. I come from a background in retail and was trained in customer service with a company with just as much prestige to their name as Tiffany & Co. I did not walk in expecting a replacement but I did expect a little more empathy or at least a little more help than a stock check followed with a "Well it's up to you if you want to spend $150" again. At the very least, I expected the associate to consult with their MOD.The only reason I'm giving this 3 stars is because their customer service on a corporate level is phenomenal. I emailed them and almost a couple hours later (probably 3AM East coast time)  received a response and was notified that the store manager of this store would be in contact with me.I didn't drop the name of the employee, although I remembered it clearly and could describe him to a T. But nevertheless, the store manager took care of the situation flawlessly, replaced my charm and had it soldered to the bracelet for no charge.
2	My fiance bought my engagement ring here and as I'm sure those of you that are familiar with Tiffany's jewelry know that it was incredibly expensive. Although my ring is gorgeous (and over priced) my review is about their customer service and customer care. I asked for a copy of the ring appraisal that I need for insurance purposes and they want to charge $200 for a copy!! We weren't asking for a new appraisal which would have to be sent to a certified gemologist so I can understand why they would need to charge.... but to charge existing customers for a copy of an appraisal of a ring you already purchased? That is highly outrageous and a disgraceful move by a company that is supposed to have such a high reputation. We were planning on upgrading my ring this year, (which by the way you have to spend twice as much money as you did on the first one), but after seeing how they try to nickle and dime customers on already highly marked up jewelry, we will not be spending any more money here. I would think that a company would treat customers that spend a lot of money with a little bit of consideration and courtesy but apparently Tiffany's does not. I would not recommend wasting your money here. I would think Cartier or Harry Winston would be more respectful to it's customers.
3	We stopped in to get a couple things serviced while we were shopping in Vegas.  The woman at the customer service counter was very rushed and wasn't paying attention to what we were saying.  She kept jumping to assumptions and leave to the back room based on the wrong assumptions.  Had she paid attention to what we were asking the experience would have been far better.
2	Walked into the store on Jan. 4, looking to purchase some jewelry. The only attention we recieved was the security guard greeting us with a warm hello. We looked around, beautiful jewlery I must say, but waited for an attendant to acknowledge us. When we were finally acknowledged, because I had to ask for assistance, we recieved a cold response, "we'll call someone else to help you". Very poor customer service coming from a high end jewelry store. Customer Service is #1 on my book. If you don't give good service or any service at all, you don't deserve my business.
5	I've never really been inside of a Tiffany's before so I wasn't quite sure what to expect.  I was thinking of that scene from Sweet Home Alabama when Reese Witherspoons boyfriend takes her into the jewelry store to propose to her with the ring of her choice. LOL!  This experience was not quite like that scene, but even more special in my mind.  It was my birthday and my boyfriend took me to breakfast and then a surprise visit to Tiffany's where I got to pick whatever I wanted for my birthday gift (within reason, of course!  Good thing I'm a reasonable girl!!).  It is really quite overwhelming for me to given this task!  You walk in and everything is so shiny and pretty.  The store is much bigger than it appears from the outside and there are a million counters full of sparkly things to look at.  There were a couple of necklaces that I really liked that I am sure was above what one would describe as reasonable, so we moved on to another counter full of other pretty things.  Surprisingly the two things I ended up choosing were within our price range.  The people who work there are very attentive and ready to show you anything at your request.  I must say that as ungirly as I seem to be, it was such a fun and exciting experience. I hope I get to do that again in the future!  No woman can resist Tiffany's!!
5	I'm very happy my first time at a Tiffany's was here. This was on 10-29-13. My husband and I were very kindly helped by Kevin. I was able to find a simple but pretty atlas bracelet. Kevin even gave us chilled bottled water when my Husband asked for some. Very happy with the service and the price! Thank you Kevin!! =oD
5	MY FIRST REVIEW IN OVER TWO MONTHS!! School has been taking up so much of my time, so I was forced to neglect my beloved Yelp. :( It's always nice to be back in lovely Las Vegas. It's also always nice to be able to visit a Tiffany's if you can, even if it's just to pop your head in to look around! SECOND CHOICE, NOT A BAD CHOICE Originally I walked into the Tiffany's located inside the Bellagio, as I had a wonderful experience during my last visit. Unfortunately, this time around my visit wasn't so wonderful. The staff were all migrated towards the front of the store, where all the diamonds are on display. I'm no baller, so I'm walking past the diamonds and straight to the silver. But, there was a one man show in the back of the store, and 4 groups of people walking around shopping for silver. I knew I wasn't going to get any help anytime soon, so it was on to the next one!WALKING MY BUTT TO CAESARS PALACE Because getting help was so difficult, the boyfriend and I decided to walk our butts over to the Tiffany's located in Caesars Palace. We were quickly greeted, as we made our way to the back of the store to the silver. A woman greeted us, and ended up being the employee who helped us with our purchase. CUSTOMER EXPERIENCEWalking into Tiffany's, I had no idea what type of bracelet I was looking for, I just knew I wanted a bracelet! So, she started off by asking what type of bracelet I like, then started to making suggestions. I tried on about four different bracelets, and each time I put a bracelet on, it would take me 2 minutes to figure out if I really liked it or not. Thankfully she was very patient with me staring at the bracelets on my wrists, putting on, and taking off the bracelets! FINALLY!!!!I finally chose the bracelet I really liked, it was the first one I tried on and ended up not taking off, whilst trying on multiple bracelets on the opposite wrist! She said, "I knew she liked this one, because she wouldn't take it off ever since I put it on her!" Haha! :) She was so very right. I walked out extremely happy with the purchase, and experience! Hopefully my next visit won't be a hit or miss ordeal.
5	Very knowledgable staff. Eager to help. Bought a friendship ring here with one of my girls. Had a great time. Peeked at some engagement rings too ;) hehehe
2	I needed a gift for my two-year anniversary, so I was definitely committed to purchasing. After some prodding from some female friends threatening me if I had chosen a gift from a lesser location, I naturally ended up here.Service was very disappointing to say the least. I walked around by myself for about 15 minutes before anyone talked to me, which was fine, no gripe there. But the lady that ended up helping me was genuinely uninterested in assisting me find anything and mostly returned my questions with one-word answers or blank stares. She was definitely making me feel awkward, as if I didn't belong here, or just being generally impatient with my lack of jewelry knowledge. Maybe it's too much Vegas for her, too many tourists coming in asking to try on stuff, but I was ready to buy something and get out.I ended up picking out a sterling silver necklace with a Tiffany blue pendant something. I guess I was happy with the product. Service needs some work here.
1	My husband and I went in to see if I can get the clasp on my bracelet fixed. We were immediately greeted by an employee. While she was looking up to see when it was purchased, another employee walked by us, giving us rude looks and whispers something to the employee helping us. She continued to whisper to the women helping us, smirking at us the entire time. My husband was just at there a couple days before to buy my Christmas presents and spent almost $1000. We have never had a rude experience like this at the location we normally go to. Also- four weeks to get the clasp fixed on my bracelet. That doesn't sound right. We will take our business back to the location at the Bellagio. We have never had a problem there.
1	I honestly wish I could give zero stars. I went there to return a necklace that was an XMAS gift. I knew I should have just gone to the location at the bellagio but my husband wanted to go in bc we were at Caesars. We were greeted once we entered the store. I told the guy working that I just wanted a refund on the purchase. I had read the return policy on the receipt several times before going to the store. He told me that since my husband paid cash that they were going to take my info and Mail the refund. I told him no that's not all the receipt says. He got rude with me and insisted that that's all the receipt says. I told him to read it again and sure enough, it says that they can refund the money but must have store approval. So I told him to get it approved. He then told us well I'm not sure if we have taken any cash in today. He left us waiting for 10mins to go find out. When he came back, he informed us that they didn't have any cash. I called bullshit on that. He left us standing there for another 20mins. Saying that the manager was calling other stores to find out if they had the cash. In that 20mins of us standing there, several employees tried to get me to go stand at the back of the store. I told them no. That I wasn't moving. I got tired of waiting, I had my husband call the location at the bellagio. He got thru in less than 5mins. Right as he got off the phone, then a manager came up to me saying they had the money for the refund. I told her, it's funny now you have the money for the refund after jerking us around for 30mins. I wish I would have gotten the guy's name who was trying to help us. He was so incredibly rude. And spent the rest of the time talking to another guy working behind the counter playing on his iPad. I have never had a such crappy customer service and had someone treat us so badly inside a store.
