5	I've been going to Fujo's for the last 5 months or so and I must say that after a long day of work, their seafood su and dragon roll always hit the spot.  They also have Chinese food if you actually want your fish cooked.  And the service is consistently fast and friendly.  Five stars!
4	Just when I was about to give up on good sushi in Charlotte my neighbor introduced me to FUJO or what he calls his secret Chinese restaurant. Fujo is tucked away in the Wachovia building downtown. The menu is huge you can try anything from one of their more exotic sushi rolls like the Cajun Roll - (Shrimp & Crawfish Inside: Topped w/ Spicy Crab and Cajun Spice) to authentic and tasty Chinese dishes like chicken with garlic sauce. The hardest part is choosing what to eat. Did I mention that they serve my favorite wine here I haven't seen it in any other restaurant around yet...Sophia Coppola's sparkling white wine it's served in a little pink can. That just makes the experience that much better. You never have to wait for a table and its a great place for a group dinner before heading out for some drinks uptown.
4	We grabbed Fujo's last week to eat in our hotel room and I'm giving these guys props for some pretty decent Sushi at very reasonable prices!   Being from the Bay Area, I was very nervous ordering Sushi here in the South, but there's only so much fried food you can eat before you want a bit of a lighter fare.    Now before you jump on me about all the awesome places with great healthy food, let me say that we had my 1 year old along for the trip and most restaurants don't particularly appreciate shrieking kids.   Our options were mostly limited to delivery, room service, and to go in the general vicinity of the Hilton Tower since we didn't have a car either...*Anyway*, back to Fujo...   I ordered some Unagi Nigiri, a Magician Roll, a Philly Roll and a Spicy Salmon Roll.   That was tons of food and I came nowhere close to finishing it all (though damn if I didn't try really hard!) and it all tasted quite good.  My wife went with the Pad Thai since she's not a sushi lover... She very much enjoyed the food too.Fujo's is a nice place to eat or pick up food, especially if you're staying at the Hilton Hotel in Uptown Charlotte.   You don't get more convenient than that!
4	I was stoked to try this place for lunch today. I just found out about it last week. Who knew this little gem was located Uptown? Ok, I guess people who work on that side of Uptown but I never knew it was there! Quick service but it took awhile to get our check. Luckily, one of the girls I was with knew the manager and she alleviated the issue. I love that they have sushi specials that come with soup or salad at a reasonable price. The sushi tasted fresh and the spicy tuna had my mouth burning which is a great thing. Their portions for lunch on the hot dishes looked ginormous so I will be checking that out next. In and out in less than an hour-good times. Two words for you Fujo---Sushi Buffet!!!
2	They have a tough time here with the lunch rush.  You HAVE to go at off hours, get there 11:45 or 12:45 but not in between because you will wait.  And when you finally get your table, if you all get sushi it will come out at the same time.  If you all get stir fry dishes they will come out at the same time.  But if half the table gets stir fry and the other gets sushi then GOOD LUCK.  Our stir fry eaters were completely done eating by the time our sushi came out.  There was only one sushi chef on duty. For the lunch rush you need to be prepared!!!  They do have daily sushi specials (the Tsunami roll recently....uh a little 'tongue in cheek' guys?) and the Volcano Roll.  They will run you about 8 or 9 bucks per roll.  The rolls were put together so fast that they were sploppy and loose so it was hard to pick them up and dip them but overall not bad tasting....  The stir fry dishes are your MSG delight, portion sizes are ok and they come with an egg roll.
4	I have been a regular at Fujo's for lunch for several months now, dinner a couple of times.  I can say that they have consistently provided me with the best sushi experience in Uptown CLT.First impressions; I've always been skeptical when a restaurant attempts to cross dress their cusine amongst several different cultures, and this place features Chinese, Japanese, Thai, etc.  Places that do this will typically fall short of expectations in all categories when they don't specialize in just one.  This is not the case with Fujos!  Their sushi is fantastic...their lunch specials are reasonably priced for what you get.  I sat at the bar the other day and ordered the lunch special "C" (Cali roll, 3 salmon sashimi, 4 nigiri, chefs choice).  I fully expected the chef to pull a pre-made california roll out of the fridge; this seems to be common practice for other sushi joints who feature specials during lunch...they will pre-make rolls in anticipation of the lunch rush.  Not here.  The chef, who was flying solo during a busy lunch hour I might add, made every roll as it was ordered....a plus in my book, and something I will be glad to wait an extra couple of minutes for.  From the kitchen, might I suggest the Crab Fu Rong?  Delicious...of course, it is hard to screw up a crab!  Service is militarily efficient as well...if I ever had to wait in this place (which is seldom), it was on the kitchen, not on the waitstaff.This place does fill up quickly during peak times...good news about the quality of the food, bad news for those of us with precious little free time during the workday.  Go a little before 12, or a little after 1, and you should be fine.
3	White tuna sushi was great! But the Pad Thai just ok.  Next time i'll stick to the sushi
4	Great Chinese/sushi.  Decent prices.  Quick and friendly service.  What more can you ask for a sit-down lunch joint?  General chicken is always a favorite, and with HUGE portions, you'll probably end up taking some to put in the work fridge for lunch tomorrow!  Sushi is fresh and yummy.  I wouldn't order a salad there, though.  I tried that route one time and was completely underwhelmed.  But that's what you get for ordering a salad at a Chinese restaurant!Great choice for a quick, delicious sit-down lunch!  Also, who doesn't love a fortune cookie?!
4	Decent Asian lunch fare in Uptown. All the reviews saying don't go during peak lunch hours are spot on. Looong wait if you do. The sushi is good not great and the typical Generaol Tso's type Chinese fare is darn good!
2	Owner was extremely polite.  Waitress was not the best.  Brought me the wrong beer and the wrong sushi (even after a lengthy explanation that I wanted salmon roe...not salmon or a salmon roll).  The sushi itself was ok but not as good as I would expect from an Uptown establishment.
4	I haven't ever been to Fujo for lunch, but my husband and I go all the time for dinner- and we are never disappointed!  We have had the traditional Chinese dishes and the sushi and have always enjoyed our meals.  The wait staff is usually a little less attentive then you find in chain restaurants around, but they are easily able to find if you need something. The manager (owner?) is always very nice and always comes by the table to see how everything is.Parking uptown can be annoying, so they validate your parking ticket (after 5pm) for the deck in the Hilton- which is always nice!
4	Popped in here for lunch the other day while on vacation and loved it.  Great steamer selections which I love b/c they are ultra healthy.  They also have brown rice if you ask which is nice.  I haven't had the opportunity to try the sushi yet but I heard it's great.  Lucky for the Wells Fargo workers the location is perfect as you don't even have to leave the building to enjoy it!  I'm jealous!
4	This is a good place for Sushi Lunch Special when you're are Uptown.  The order comes with 2 rolls of your choice and a soup or salad.  I usually get Miso or Hot & Sour Seafood soup.  Both are good but are very salty.  Be prepare to drink a lot of water after your soup.  The Sushi is made by a Japanese Sushi Chef which is always a good thing. Another good healthy lunch item here is the Steamed Vegetables that I have ordered with Shrimp. The portion is large and the vegetables are steamed just right.I agreed with Aymie C. that the Greeter/Hostess here can be aloof and not the most frendly.
5	This is the first time I've been here.  First of all the Singapore Noodles was the best I have ever tasted in my life and I've had several.  The waitress was great.  The bus boy literally came around every 5 minutes to make sure everyone had water and he took the dirty dishes away right away.  I don't mind saying I may eat here again tomorrow!
3	Nestled right beside the Hilton hotel and across from Panera bread is a quaint little Chinese & Japanese restaurant. I'd stray away from calling it fusion because the dishes look either strictly Chinese or Japanese. Chinese options include various sauteed dishes with fried meats. Japanese options include all your japanese food fare (so I'd venture to call this a Japanese restaurant that decided to serve Chinese food).  Dinner on a week night around 8pm was pretty empty so no wait for seating. I ordered the rainbow roll and spider roll. Everything was just A-OK.
3	Came to Fujo for a quick lunch in between meetings as I was in the mood for some sushi. They sat me at the bar area and were very attentive as I mentioned I was looking to be in and out as quickly as possible. When it comes to sushi I'm a big shrimp tempura fan, so I asked if they could specifically make that roll for me with just shrimp and asparagus. They were very accommodating and had the roll made within 10 minutes during what was a pretty busy lunch period. The roll was good, but definitely nothing special compared to other sushi places. The service was great though and they have a great lunch menu that's everything under 10 dollars. Solid place with good sushi but nothing mind blowing.
4	Yum! Maybe not the easiest to find tucked inside a Wells Fargo building. Well worth it once you get in. Prices are pretty good. What you get for the money: great sushi and great Japanese. They do not cook at the table. This is better quality. The veggies were cooked perfect. On this visit, I had the garlic beef. Yum and be sure to grab a mint if you're on your way back to the office. Ask for your sauces like hot sauce or duck sauce. It is not on the table, but they have.The service was great. I got drink refills without asking and they generally left us alone so we could talk. Perfect.
5	While staying in Uptown Charlotte we decided on sushi for dinner. Based on a yelp search we looked for a reasonable priced, well reviewed, ready walking distance option from our hotel.  This one is rated with two $$.  Truthfully some of the best sushi I've ever had.  My boyfriend and I split 3 rolls; the coastal roll, panther roll, and the Godzilla roll.  They were not skimpy by any means, there was almost am entire roll left when I had to give up, so the man happily picked up the slack.  I'm only on town for the weekend, so I have no idea if they run specials throughout the week.  I will absolutely come back next time I'm here, and will recommend to my friend who live here and visit here (only 3 hours from home)
4	I went on a Saturday at lunch not very busy ... Friday I went by for lunch and it was busy with the downtown office people. Service and food was great... got the dragon and volcano rolls very good! And tasty fried dumplings... if I ever find myself in Charlotte again I will return.
5	I was traveling for work and stayed at the Hilton so figured I would check Fujo out. Great service and really delicious sushi! The prices were very reasonable and the portions were large. I got a spicy tuna roll (always good) and a volcano roll and they were so good. I also got a rainbow martini, which was yummy. I'll definitely go back when I travel to Charlotte.
5	You know what's crazy? I've been to this sushi joint like at least 20 times and this is the first time I've actually checked in. I gotta step my game up. Anyhow... Godzilla Sushi Roll is the truth! You can't go wrong, ordering that. I'm seriously stuffed after eating. I mean, the crunchy tempura outside, the savory sauce, the fresh avocado... The ingredients make love in my mouth. Seriously. In my opinion, there's no need to try anything else.Service is spot on. Every time I'm there, everyone is very attentive, and you can't beat the area. I always find a spot to park on 3rd street and when it's nice and warm out; eating outside just makes it all worthwhile. Even if I have to put quarters in the joint to park on a weekday. It's worth it! I go hard for some sushi, especially the Godzilla roll. Get on it!
4	I bought a couple of Groupons for this place once I saw the reviews. Verdict: delicioso. In fact, it might be the best sushi place I've been to in Charlotte, competing with my evergreen love for Cowfish.I took the recommendations of others and opted for the Godzilla Roll. Absolutely freaking delicious; 10/10. The tempura was divine, as was the sauce, as was the filling. All of it. Their fried pork dumplings were tasty too - I prefer mine to be crunchier than the ones they served, but they were delightfully flavorful. My boyfriend ordered the Classic Spicy Eel and Spicy Yellowtail rolls. I thought they seemed a bit skimpy on the rice and not spicy at all, but the fish and eel themselves were tender and plentiful. The food did come out quickly, so we were pleased with that. And the hot sake was pretty good, even though I don't like sake all that much.Really my only [minor] complaint was the service. The manager (I assume) was quite nice, but our server was not very attentive. It was enough to knock off one star, but not enough to keep me from going back.
3	Bloody Mary tastes like dish soap and no hint of alcohol.  STAY AWAY from it.The Godzilla roll is huge, crunchy and avocado creamy with a hint of tuna.  AverageThe Spicy lovers roll was more modest, it tries to get a reaction on the initial bite but it was just not enough.  It has a slight touch of spicyness.  It was, just ok.Overall, it was worth the try but I will need to see what else my beautiful Charlotte has to offer.
4	I was in town for business and ordered the Panther Roll and a Cosmopolitan for dinner. Loved the sushi at Fujo! The atmosphere was great, service was good, and price was reasonable. I had dinner by myself that night, but didn't mind. There is lots of variety on the menu.
5	i am from Cali; and we love our sushi; was worried that i might never find good sushi while here. This place proved me wrong; great sushi; super quick for call ins and across fom my school; so excited! Might be a weekly place for me!!
2	Nice employees, nice location, Awful sushi.  Should have known something was amiss when it was empty at 6:30 on a Friday night.  Surely there are better places in town.
5	Bought a Groupon here to try it out, and decided to buy another because we knew we'd come back!Go for dinner, sit outside, and enjoy an amazing view of downtown, something you can't really get from many uptown restaurants. Views of many buildings, but set back from the street, just a really great location for evening.Sushi: they have interesting rolls like ones with sweet potatoes that I've never seen any where else. Really yummy sushi of all types.Drinks: really good mixed drinks and sake! Limited wine and beer.Service: Truly excellent!
3	They delivered dinner right to my hotel room door.  With a $20 minimum dinner order they'll deliver for free.  When it comes to sushi it's easy to spend that much.  I ordered a serving of won ton soup, the tempura roll, the lobster roll, and a bottle of water for a total of $25 before tip.The won ton soup hit the spot.  The broth with scallions was delicous with a hint of ginger without being spicy.  It was only two or three won tons, but it was enough of a serving.  The tempura roll was average and fine.  The lobster roll was a huge disappointment.  The menu description was boiled lobter with cucumber.  And it was just that, but the lobster was hard, like cardboard, and hard to chew.  It came with duck sauce and soy sauce, but that didn't help.  I couldn't eat it all, and I love lobster.I would try them again, especially since they deliver, but I would order different rolls.
4	I've come here on and off a bunch of times over the years and never had a less than solid meal.  The food is "b+" Asian cuisine and the service is always rock solid.  For a quick, tasty and convenient meal if you are nearby, this a very good choice.
5	I have had a lot of good sushi in Charlotte, but the Godzilla roll at Fujo just completely blew me away.  It is the best sushi I have ever had.  Delicious just doesn't fully describe it.  When the menu says "Must try" they aren't kidding.  It is spicy tuna and avocado fried tempura style and topped with special sauce.  The sauce was superb.  The roll is large, so it is a good one to share, but you won't want to because you will want to eat it all yourself.
5	Have you ever left a place and thought: What took me so long to get here? That happened to me at Fujo's. My girlfriends and I celebrated my birthday here and the sushi and drinks knocked my socks off. Yep, I'm officially a fan! I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for some good and reasonably priced sushi! We started with the steamed pork dumplings. Classic. I also ordered the Rainbow Martini-- it's cranberry vodka, pineapple and midori. The presentation was excellent and they were VERY heavy handed with the liquor.  And there's really just no need to go on and on about just how happy that made the birthday girl! That thing is delicious.But let's get to what everyone wants to know about...the sushi! I ordered the Godzilla Roll and decided after the first bite it's officially my "go to" roll when I'm here. I clearly see why it's mentioned in so many reviews and why it's listed as a "must try" on the menu. It's packed with spicy tuna, avocado and then deep fried tempura style. My goodness. How could you go wrong with that combination?  Do yourself a favor and get over to Fujo's! It's definitely worth a try!
4	I finally decided to take the long walk across uptown to check out Fujo.  Being that I had to be back for a 1:00 meeting I called my order in around 11:55 and was told 15 minutes.  From the menu online I was a little disappointed to not see Sushi Lunch Options, like a few others in Uptown offer.  I ordered the miso soup, ginger salad and the Charlotte Delight Roll (tuna, steamed shrimp and avocado inside; white tuna, tuna and avocado on top).By the time I arrived I paid at the counter and my order was just coming out of the kitchen, perfect timing.  The miso was good, but definitely needed to be reheated in the microwave, I like my soup hot, not just warm.  The salad, just okay. The ginger dressing was a little runny then others I have enjoyed. Good flavor, but not my favorite.As for the Charlotte Roll, awesome.  The amount of fish was great and it was very fresh. The rice was perfectly cooked and not too much either, just the right amount.  Overall I was very satisfied, but would love a few sushi lunch options. And, one thing to note, although I did not dine in, the restaurant was packed, with a wait list, at 10 and 12.  Something to remember if you are headed that way.
3	Its a good deal for lunch. If you're downtown & need a quick bite, I'd stop in. The service is fast & pretty friendly. The sushi is nothing to write home about, but its worth the price.
5	Best sushi I've had so far in Charlotte! Make sure you try their Coastal Roll; my husband and I were floored by the sushi quality and the price!Wonderful restaurant and evening all around!
3	This review does not apply to sushi. The Chinese food here are typical American Chinese, which is ok. I do enjoy the friendliness and clean dining area. Nothing special, but good place to go for lunch. I might try sushi next time.
2	We tried Fujo for the last time. We never know if they are delivering. It changes by the day. When they do deliver, it always takes longer than the estimated time. We have had to cancel our order before because drivers were extremely late. Today, we were disappointed with the food we relieved. It was BLAND! There was no flavor at all. I can't say enough how upset I am with the lack of consistency this restaurant has. We'll take our business somewhere else.
5	Best sushi I've had in a very long time! I will be visiting again!
1	Having limited options in Uptown I gave this place a few chances.  It's just not good.  I got some eel that wasn't fresh and I haven't been able to eat eel since.  I also think their miso soup is actually chicken broth with some miso tossed in.
5	This has become our one place for sushi.   The entire staff from the owner to the person that stamps our parking garage ticket on our way out are awesome. Our family goes so much that they know what we are going to order as soon as we walk in.   The owner always visits our table and talks with our kids which is a nice change from the national restaurants. The food is always great, service is fast and very affordable for a family of four.
3	I applaud the look of this place and the artistry of the setup at the sushi bar. My primary goal was to relax for half an hour or so between professional obligations and grab an appetizer and a beer, and Fujo definitely accommodated those needs in a timely fashion.Being in the Carolinas and craving something with a bit of heat, I opted for the Cajun Roll which featured crayfish with shrimp and crab. It was nothing mind-blowing, but neither was it repulsive. Since moving the South I've learned that one was must accept, I've learned to be thankful for what I can get in the sushi department. However, I was really not a particularly big fan of the hot-and-sour soup. The ingredients were not particularly fresh, and the un-nuanced broth was just on the verge of being genuinely unpleasant  to get down.This place still has a certain charm to it, but it's probably not Charlotte's best work from a culinary standpoint.
3	Overall, I find Fujo to be fairly average, but it's convenient and if you know what to order you can get a good meal.  You can ask for all white meat in your chicken dish, so if you have a problem with weird, inedible black pieces of meat in your GENERAL's or SESAME CHICKEN, specify all white meat and that problem goes away.  I've ordered GENERAL's and SESAME TOFU many times in varying ways, but finally realized that this dish is not going to work for me here.  They cut the tofu into very large triangles and fry (without any breading).  So you get a tough, extremely hard edged piece of tofu to try to chew.  Inevitably you will not be able to chew it properly, sobeware of throat lacerations if you try to swallow it.  I've tried to order it in smaller pieces (didn't work), and less fried (also a fail).  I recently discovered their EGGPLANT with GARLIC SAUCE.  It's actually very good, as long as the eggplant pieces are cut small enough.  The sauce is very flavorful, and they'll even make it with less oil upon request.  I know several people who love the noodle dishes, and it does seem to be a lot of food for a decent price.  The service here is quick and efficient.  You can get in and out at lunch time in 30 minutes or less.  If you get your order to go, check the bag to see if you have enough soy or other sauces.  I find that 2 packets of soy aren't enough for me, so I always have to ask for extra.
2	I want to preface this by letting you know  that I am not picky about my sushi. But, unfortunately, I had the worst sushi I've ever had at Fujo. We split a salmon roll, a spicy tuna roll and a Godzilla roll. The salmon was too tough to be chewed. The spicy tuna roll had tempura flakes on the outside that tasted horribly stale and like they'd been cooked in extremely rancid oil. The Godzilla roll was yummy but not amazing - it was the most redeeming part of the meal for sure though. We also tried the sesame tofu and it was a huge disappointment - the tofu was so hard it was difficult to chew and it came with almost no veggies (4 tiny broccoli florets don't count). Our server was friendly and attentive and that's what's keeping this review from being a lower one. I didn't send anything back or complain to the server because it was a week night, we were tired, and we knew we wouldn't be back again. All in all, it was def not my best groupon date night. Live and learn!
4	Loved the maki sushi rolls. The service was good. The food was fantastic. Parking is validated if you park in the WF Center garage, and they're close to the Lynx Blue Line.
2	1 star for price and 1 star for atmosphere; however, terrible service and run-of-the-mill foodTook forever to have our order taken followed by them not bringing my food out after everyone had already gotten their order. Never came by to fill our glasses. The food came out in a messed up order. Appetizers got there only 2 minutes before main course, seriously? Once I got my sushi I had no tray for the soy sauce and no one was around to ask for one. The kicker, the place wasn't busy, not in the least bit.I will never return here when I come back to Charlotte.
3	Solid sake menu and the staff was helpful in deciding which one to go with. Sushi rolls had an interesting spin but nothing out of the ordinary.
1	Probably the only restaurant that the service was so terrible that I have left before getting my food. Me and my boyfriend went here with a groupon, that we had purchased specifically for Fujo. They refused to take it, and the manager told us, "you have two choices, ask for a refund from groupon or just eat here without it." If we had been rude then I wouldn't be able to blame him, but we had politely and calmly spoke to them and asked about it. We walked out and went to Emzy for sushi instead and it had great service and excellent food.
3	I had the pleasure of visiting this place yesterday.  I ordered the Malaya sauce with chicken and scallop with a spicy sushi roll.  I purchased the LivingSocial deal and it was worth it.
2	I had high expectations for this place, given that it came highly recommended by 2 work associates. Service was quick and attentive....even though I was the first to order and had to wait about 5 extra minutes AFTER everyone else got their order.....Strike 1.I got the Malay Sauce dish with chicken and shrimp. They give you LOTS of fried rice (or any rice you order) which makes the plate look deceivingly large, but in reality it is NOT that big of a portion....whic is OK for lunch. But the chicken and shrimp portions were unusually SMALL (i.e., not that much of it) and they were definitely skimpy on the Malay Sauce. Strike 2.The flavors were.....somewhat BLAND. Not bad, but compared to something like Hasaki Grill, they just cannot compete. Strike 3.Not horrible but given the Uptown choices (Room 112, Hasaki, Enzo, etc.) there are FAR better choices than Fujo.
4	Good fresh sushi- I go once a week.
4	This a great place for a quick lunch in uptown Charlotte.  The service is always exceptional and the food is very good.  I normally order the tangerine or general tso chicken.  It's delicious with the right amount of heat.  I definitely recommend Fujos for lunch.
3	I have been trying to find a good Chinese place ever since I moved here from AZ and this is the first restaurant (along with SOHO) that has been like- able. Food seemed somewhat fresh, quality was okay, not too greasy. Lacking in flavor, I got the sweet and sour chicken, chicken fried rice and spring roll.
4	Was taken here for a welcome luncheon. Their sushi lunch special is fairly priced. I had a bowl of soup and two types of sushi. I selected avocado and veggie. I'm not into eating raw seafood. My meal was pleasant enough. Interior space felt crowded. Refreshments were continuously refilled. Waiter checked in only once. Overall, nothing impressive.Those that ate entrees complained of stomach issues later.
4	Lunched here on a recent visit.  Decent sushi.  Lots of tables, but very busy.  Tables turned fairly quickly.  Wait staff seemed to encourage that, but did a decent job of not being pushy.My rolls were decent - can't remember which ones I went with.  One had jalapenos - not exactly Asian, but muy caliente ... and muy bueno.  Two rolls made for a good lunch.They do have other non-sushi dishes.  The other guy at lunch had soup and dumplings.  Looked decent.  He seemed to enjoy his selection.
4	Decent sushi place in Uptown. I believe they are more crowded for lunch cause we went here for dinner and it was completely dead.Went to Fujo on Friday night for dinner cause we had a Groupon. The place was very empty and we decided to sit outside since it was nice out! The outside basically looks out onto a huge fountain, so it was nice. Ordered a couple of bottled beers. They dont have any draft beers and their bottle selections werent really that great.We got the steamed dumplings as an appetizer and split 3 rolls: Godzilla, Sunset, and the Charlotte Delight Roll. All three were very good. The Sunset roll was my favorite cause I loved that garlic sauce on top. The Godzilla roll was my husbands favorite.....though, I thought it was just too much going on! I thought everything was well priced (all three rolls under $10 each) and we will definitely return for a casual dinner date.
4	Fujo is hard to find, but totally worth it once you do. Probably my favorite Charlottean Asian restaurant and I had never even heard of them 2 months ago. Their sushi is very fresh, cut well,  and reasonably priced. Their hot food is delicious and even their chicken fried rice has giant pieces of real chicken in it, not just the tiny shreds I'm used to at other restaurants.
5	Very favorably impressed. Generous portions, great taste. Outstanding service. Overall good experience and will definitely be back. Good sushi, general tso's, and crab rangoons. Do it. Go now.
3	Decent food, acceptable prices, and speedy lunch service keep Fujo slammed each and every workday lunch break.  As the other reviewers have mentioned, it's a good idea to get there before (or after) peak lunch time, as the speedy service is wiped out when you have to wait 10 minutes for a table.The food is good, not great, and is a bit benign on the creativity scale.  It's a fairly straightforward asian fusion place that offers americanized versions of Chinese and other Asian cuisine.  It's really not that special, and some dishes (Singapore noodles) you wonder why they're charging $9 for them.It's a safe place to go for the less-than-adventurous lunch crowd that's looking to "try something new".  It won't knock your socks off, but it's not going to be bad either.
5	If you live uptown, this is the only place for serious Chinese and Japanese food that delivers. You have to beg sometimes, but they'll do it as long as you're not a crappy tipper. They have never forgotten anything in my order and come prepared with utensils, sauces, and napkins.  Closed Sunday's.
