5	It was fairly easy to get our license here- we did this the night before, after a pre-wedding party that we hosted at our home. It was late (convenient closing time is midnight) but there were a few others doing the same thing. The line wasn't too long- maybe seven other couples. We were probably in and out in roughly 40 minutes. Parking was very easy. I don't remember if if it was free. There are several people handing flyers outside for those who haven't yet planned the wedding details.
5	Of course we came here to obtain our marriage license and it was really easy.  We came here on Veteran's Day around 11 pm since thankfully they are open till midnight and we didn't wait at all.  As soon as we walked in we went straight to the counter, paid the fee, and got our license.  The lady that helped us was friendly.  Parking was easy and free.  There was a security guard walking around outside the building, so I felt safe.
5	The number one tip to remember before visiting this office to obtain a marriage license: COMPLETE THE ONLINE APPLICATION & BRING YOUR CONFIRMATION NUMBER.  This will virtually eliminate a wait in line; getting you in and out quickly. The clerk we dealt with was very efficient & knowledgeable.  We arrived on a Friday morning at 10:00 a.m. and were out of there within 30 minutes!  Beware of the street vendors selling wedding packages and other related services.  There are many that claim to "help" you apply for your license and will charge a fee.  This is something you can easily do yourself...online and for free.  The cost to apply for a marriage license is $60.  Be sure to bring cash in order to avoid a service fee for debit/credit cards.
5	It's easier to fill out a form for a marriage license here than to find parking on this block. Of course Sunday-late afternoon is the optimal time to go. It means free parking on street, provided there is an open slot, and zero people in line. Everyone's situation varies but in my own, it was smoother than filling out a form for DMV. Smoother than varnished wood.In the end, we got all our papers within 10 minutes including a nifty envelope to hold them in. And the lady said "congratulations" I just wonder why we fill out our papers with pencil. Haha.
4	Government efficiency at its finest.We had actually submitted a pre-application so we could use the express queue. Yes, there is an express queue, how awesome is that? It was surprisingly quiet (I've heard the queue can be out the door around the corner, so do the pre-application). We walked right up to a free window, gave our reference number, ID, paid for the license and BAM, we were licensed to wed! They even give you, get this, a souvenir license. It's not legal proof but a nice way to help you remember when you sober up that indeed you did get married :)
4	To start with...you know how on the website it says it's only a few blocks away from Fremont Street?  Yeah...if by "few blocks" you mean "OMGZ WILL THESE BLOCKS NEVER END?!?!".But once there, they are grumpy, but quick and efficient.  My BFF and her fiancee (now hubs) was in and out within 15 minutes.  Our walk from Fremont to here took longer.
5	I filled out our application online about a month ahead of time and wrote down the reference number. Like previous yelpers mentioned, I recommend that method to everyone.There were 2 lines when we entered, 1 for online applicants and 1 for walk ins. The walk in line was about 3 or 4 deep on a tuesday morning, while our line was wide open. After waiting a minute for the next available receptionist, we were on our way to getting our marriage license. The woman explained everything in detail what we needed to give the wedding chapel and how to order a copy of the certificate online afterwards. She was very nice and helpful. The whole process took less than 10 minutes. Quick and painless.We took the SDX bus from Mandalay Bay to Bonneville Transit Station stop and walked around the next block to get to the bureau.
3	I accompanied some fine folks to their final destination (just kidding).We walked in and as they were filling out the application I stood near the door watching couples walk in, register, and walk out smiling. After 10 minutes of waiting I seriously started to get nauseated at the thought of marriage. Me and my non-commitment phobia (haha) then I started to feel the blood get a little thinner and light-headedness started. I started to breath heavier then finally the fine young couple finished their business as I was relieved to leave.Last time I was a maid of honor at a girlfriend's wedding. This time I was a witness at a wedding. What's next? Stay tuned.
4	Quick and efficient.  When we went for our license, a news reporter asked us to appear on camera, but we were not getting married that day, so they moved on to the next couple.  Husband didn't know the name of his biological mother, which is the name still on his birth certificate.  After several calls to relatives, we just told the clerk we didn't know the name and asked if it was OK to leave it blank.  She said that people leave the father's name blank, so there was not a problem.  What a great help!
5	Don't really have a lot of experience in courthouses but have to say I'm a fan of Clark CountyPer the advice of our wedding chapel, we had pre-filled the Marriage Certificate form online b/c we wanted to avoid potentially huge lines & save our time for wedding day preparationsBEST TIP:  be sure there are no special characters in your entries or you'll get an error message that won't tell you why it won't process.... I tried entering # and a comma or two, for example & it didn't like that.....remember letters or numbers only & you'll be fineBut other than that - probably took all of 5 min to fill out & had I not been held up w/ the special character issue, would have been lessALSO:  Bring your $60 CASH b/c who wants to pay a pesky credit card usage fee??We got there right at 8am when they opened & there were already people ahead of us but we only waited like 5 min - and there were about 4 more couples who entered right after we didIt was fun seeing each of the couples & imagining them together for life & the very reason they were there was the same reason as we were thereThe people who processed us were all business but hey - it's a government job just like any other & we were happy & joking around enough for the group of usSo a huge 5 stars for speeding up the process by offering online options, for the quick turnaround in the office & for making the ordering process a breeze.  And the final icing on the wedding cake was that we got our Certified Marriage License well before their 10 day turnaround expectation.....so THANKS for exceeding my expectations!
4	super easy and quick to get a marriage certificate if you fill out everything online first.  The people who showed up and did it there seemed to be waiting in line for a long time.  When we (my now husband and I) arrived we got to cut everyone because we'd done the online paperwork.
5	Quick & easy! $60 dollars out the door!
5	Went online to fill out the form before we arrived. Once we got to Vegas we rented a car and went straight there. We were in and out in 20 min. Awesome work Clark County!
5	I had heard stories about hour long waits, but that was not the case for us on a rainy Saturday morning. The regular line looked to be fairly short, but since we filled out the info online, our line was non-existent! There was a couple at the window, then it was our turn. Bring cash to avoid the debit card fee.There are hustlers outside, trying to lure you to their chapels. If you are on a whim and don't have one picked out yet, I guess you could score a deal! Otherwise, just let them know you have a place already and they back down. As for parking, there is paid parking on the street. We dropped in two quarters just to be on the safe side... They watch and the fine is $20, so don't cheap out on that quarter! Lol. :-)
5	Went on the busiest day of the year New years eve.  It was packed around 11:30am. There were all type of characters. It didn't make a difference if you got it on line.  The other line was moving faster than the on line- line. Professional and fast.  $60 bucks. We were there exactly one hour.
5	We went on a Wednesday night around 8:30pm.  No line, actually only 2 other couples there.  We filled out the application there ( each person fills one out) and took it to the counter.  Less than 10 minutes later we were walking out with our license and instructional paperwork.  It was so easy and the woman who helped us was actually friendly and funny.
5	if all government agencies were as quick, efficient, and helpful, oh what a wonderful world it would be...fill out the marriage application online and save yourself a ton of time. show up, verify your info, sign, pay your $60 (or $65 with credit card - "processing fees" - of course we paid cash), and you're out. I think we were in there for about 10 minutes. contrast this to the horror of waiting on line at a DMV here in New York, such as the Red Hook one or Coney Island!they're open 8 AM to midnight, 7 days a week, 365 days a year!note that the block outside is filled with people trying to get you to go to their chapel/officiating location, but they weren't aggressive. perhaps the 120-degree weather had something to do with that. we already had a location (a block away) which was convenient.the surrounding area is a bit barren and bleak to look at, so bring the phone numbers for a car service to get in/out.
4	I thought it was really cool that they are open 24 hours here.  It was about 11:20 p.m. when my brother and (now) sister-in-law stopped in to get their license.  They had three windows open and the process took about 10 minutes.  The clerks were very friendly.
