3	Since we are always looking to try new places, we were excited to give Hwy 55 a try!  After all, it's a burger restaurant AND they're in our backyard!    We knew that we were taking a chance with it being the day after they opened, but it was a pretty good experience!  We liked the menu, the prices were really good, and the service was 'ok".   We had a teenage waitress and she had a bit of an attitude at the beginning, but then she warmed up a bit.  The managers kept checking on us and they were very friendly.  The restaurant was full to capacity, but the food came out quickly and the waitress was attentive.  There were a couple of small mishaps (the air conditioning unit started leaking from the ceiling and the computer went down during checkout).  No biggie...they handled both issues without a huge fuss and were very appreciative of everyone's patience.  Things will also happen, but how they are handled tells a lot about a staff...I was impressed.The food:  There were 4 of us and this is what we ordered:  15yo son had the BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger with Onion Rings.  Husband has a Cheeseburger with Fries, my Mom had the Fried Shrimp Burger with fries, and I had  a small Cheeseburger with Gravy Fries.The reasons why I'm giving only 3 stars comes down to this....this is a "Burger and Fries" restaurant and the menu is small so there is no reason why they should serve bland frozen french fries!  Secondly, the gravy on the Gravy Fries was from a can.  It was thick and salty and nearly inedible.  Scratch made gravy is so easy and so inexpensive that they really should consider it.  The burgers are quite good, my son loved the Onion Rings, and they have some great looking shakes and ice cream desserts.  The location is great and the decor is fun and friendly.  I think that they will do well, but I feel that they are doing themselves a huge disservice by using pre-made food items.  Based on the fries alone...I would be hard pressed to choose this "Burger and Fries" establishment over their competition. For those with a hearty appetite, they have the Big "A" Burger Challenge.  50oz of burger plus 4 trimmings on a bun, fries, and a 24oz drink.  Eat it all in less than 30  minutes and it's free.  If not, then it's $26.99!  There was a fireman taking the challenge while we were in there.  He came OH SO CLOSE, but didn't quite finish it.  His effort was really impressive though...he, literally, had only a few small bites left!
2	We were excited to have another choice close to home.  It was last Tuesday night, around 6:45 pm, on the way home from the movies, we decided to check it out.  The good news, business was booming, the restaurant was packed.  The atmosphere was  very friendly, we were greeted as we came in, very clean and everyone was super busy.  We decided to order take out because the placed was jammed and very active.  (you wouldn't expect anything different between 6 and 7)     The issue, we couldn't get waited on for take out.  The area around the cash register was overly crowded with folks trying to pay, folks with questions and trying to order take out.  The one person working the register seemed to be agonizing over each transaction.  I don't know whether the computer was down, training issue or what.     Long story short, after 13 minutes, (sorry we kept track), after trying to draw someones attention, even sitting at the bar hoping to be waited on, we left!   Several folks also walked out after milling around the front area.     Limited menu to burgers, shakes and fries, packed with folks and no ability for take out, just won't be our first choice when we go out.  Don't get me wrong, this is your design and you will be successful targeting this consumer area.  You will do well and Weddington needs a place for young families.....
5	food was great staff was friendly coming back
4	I tried again, this time I was greeted and asked, dining in or dining out.  When I said dining out, immediately she took my order.  Everything was smoother, folks seemed to be operating more efficiently and they were pretty quick on filling the order.  The food was excellent .  The only caution, last time they were packed, this time over half the restaurant  was empty.  The service, the food was good so this means we will go back.....
3	Went today (Sat 8/10).  Service was slow.  We had to ask twice for drink refills.  Had the small burger - meat had no taste (wife felt the same).  Also, the oldies music was way too loud.  Won't go back - mostly based on the service,
3	Good burgers and shakes...need new fries though. There are too many competitors in the area with burgers and fries within the same price point that  they need to step up the fries to entice people to choose them.
5	This is a great burger fries and shake kinda place. Friendly staff. Great food. Will have to try the frozen custard or a shake at my next visit.
5	My fav burger joint. If you haven't tried it yet, you should. I love the 50's!!!
2	Mediocre food and good service. We had the Po Boy, Chicken Fingers, Andy's Cheeseburger, Fries, onion rings plus two milkshakes (Peanut Butter Cup and Cookie Dough). Food was served hot, waitress was friendly. This is not as good as Five Guys. You can avoid this restaurant unless you like Oldies music.
2	First visit to a Hwy 55 Burger. This location is fairly new & the staff was over the top friendly. Ordered their steak sandwich which had lots of meat  but the sandwich appeared to be microwaved and it made the bread kinda funky.  Fries were tasteless & this was one of the few times I left more than half on the plate. I think it's an OK place for families - fun decor.
4	A franchise burger joint near Weddington's Town Hall, John Boy & Billy BBQ Bacon Burger and fries were good. Topped off with Malt with Mix-In's called a Concrete (I ordered Heath Bar in mine). YUMMY. And they have Diet De Pepper, too!
3	Having been here several times, the service is disjointed and slow, the food is far from great, burgers are dry and severely over cooked, but the shakes and concretes are good. There's an attempt at a 50s style burger joint but they don't quite pull it off.  It works in a pinch but is not in my top 25 places to eat in the area.
5	Very nice,very speedy service.cool atmosphere....nice waitstaff and crew,and the food is hot and served fast
