5	I have known Shayne for many years and it was never a doubt in my mind to have her help manage my finances.  She is professional, polite, caring and always goes the extra mile to make sure I understand everything that is happening.  I have had her do my family's personal taxes for a few years now and being in the process of starting a small business she will definitely be who I go to first to help me with that as well.I would recommend Shayne to anyone who is in need of her services!
5	Simply put, Shayne Neuwirth is a rare gem within her industry. When it comes to handling your taxes there's only a few things I want. I want it done correctly, I want it done quickly and I want to feel comfortable and informed  throughout the entire process. Over the past few years there has been one person that I have trusted in this area and that is Shayne. Even after moving to another state, I still made sure Shayne handled my taxes. If you want to work with a high level professional who is fair and honest, I would highly recommend using Shayne Neuwirth for your taxes.
5	Shayne was referred to us by a good friend and we used her for our personal and business taxes this year. She was really professional and very reasonable. We also are using her to help us with some IRS debt that we have. She is very friendly, knowledgeable and gets the job done fast. I highly recommend her.
5	I am so glad I found Shayne- she was just awesome. She worked with my schedule when several other CPA's I contacted only made appointments during business hours, so if you are like me and work business hours, it creates a problem! Shayne took her time with me and was very pleasant to work with and helpful. She may be young and cute, but don't let that fool you, she knows her stuff! I went in to her office feeling stressed, nervous, scared, and uncertain.  I left feeling confident, relieved and in good hands. 1 more 5 star review for my new CPA.
5	I had the pleasure knowing Shayne through our academic years into our professional careers.  She has played a major role in my personal and business's (tax) accounting.  Her professionalism, organization, efficiency and attention to detail gives me the best peace of mind.  And knowing that my filings and are in the best hands is the best customer service one can ask for.  Thank you, Shayne!
5	Without any hesitation, I would recomment Shayne for all of your accounting needs.  She is so well organized, prompt and very helpful.  Shayne goes out of her way to meet the needs of my business as well as my personal accounting issues.  She answers all of my questions and spends as much time with me as needed.  I never feel rushed when I meet with her and I always end our meetings understanding everything clearly.   Shayne has gone out of her way to help me resolve issues.  I even had an IRS agent tell me they were extremely impressed with the packet she sent them.  I have sent friends to her and everyone is extremely pleased.  She is easy to get along with, approachable and very clever.
5	I found Shayne on Yelp after I finally decided, due to my procrastination tendencies and general dislike of numbers, that I should no longer be in charge of my own taxes.  It took me awhile to get to this point, as I felt that the process with a CPA would be intimating and my lack of accounting and tax knowledge would embarrassing.  I was certain that I would receive a bit of a scolding for failing to get help sooner.The anxiety ridden situation I had concocted in my head could not have further from truth when it came to working with Shayne.  She immediately put me at ease and not once did she make me feel bad for my lack of knowledge or for waiting as long as I had to come in.  She also took the time to explain everything she was doing while she did it and made the process a breeze.  I am actually excited about next year's taxes- so that should say something about easy she is to work with!  I found her to be very friendly, yet very professional at the same time.  I am certain that no matter what the future holds, Shayne will be my CPA for a long, long time to come.   Ps.  Did I mention she met with me of Christmas Eve day?  Talk about accommodating my schedule!
5	I am so unbelievably pleased with Shayne Neuwirth's services. She is so helpful and thorough and makes going through your accounting stuff fun! She is always available for questions and undoubtedly has the answers. I have worked with her for my personal taxes and business taxes and she is just the best! I highly recommend her services.
5	Shayne is an absolutely outstanding accountant.  She is responsive, friendly, and knows the industry inside and out.  She is exceptionally organized, and every time I've emailed her about anything tax related, I've received a response within minutes.  It's so refreshing to meet someone who not only enjoys her field, but understands it thoroughly and can explain it superbly.
5	Shayne is knowledgeable and accommodating.  She makes the process simple and convenient for me, documents thoroughly, and is very personable.  Nice work Shayne!
5	I am very happy with Shayne's service.  She takes great care of me and my clients.  She is knowledgeable and easy to work with.  More importantly she is easy to get a hold of and follows up in a timely manner.  I highly recommend for someone to use her as your CPA. Accountant, and bookkeeping services.
5	Shayne has handled my accounting and personal income tax needs for two years going on three, and I couldn't be happier with the quality service, accuracy and knowledge she provides and possesses.  She answers all of my quirky questions, gets everything correct on the first run, and has the capacity and knowledge to handle a fairly complicated tax return.  Multi-state, out-of-state (IL), K-1s, tax estimates -- all handled accurately and seamlessly.  Wouldn't want to go anywhere else, and love to support a small business!  Definitely recommend -- I've known Shayne for over 10 years now, and can't think of a more professional person to handle my accounting and tax needs!
5	I have been using Shayne to file my business and personal taxes for the last 3 years.  She was referred to me by a coworker of mine who spoke very highly of her. I am happy with the service Shayne provides, she is very nice and easy to work with and gets me scheduled very quickly. She is technology oriented so getting a hold of her by email is the best way to book an appointment.  One thing I really like is that she scans all my documents and has them accessible for me if I ever to need a copy of my taxes or my W2.
5	I was recommended to Shayne from a friend who said she was the best. It was no lie she helped me tremendously!  Her professionalism and friendliness along with insite is what will keep me coming back.
5	I am writing to recommend the services of Shayne Neuwirth CPA, PLLC.  Shayne has been working with me for the past 3 years as my accountant. Her knowledge and attention to detail have aided in keeping my personal taxes up to par and on track.  I feel very confident in recommending Shayne's accounting services. She is not only thorough, but also very easy to work with, flexible, and always willing to take the time to discuss my concerns and to respond to any questions. I highly recommend Shayne's accounting service to any client that is looking for a great experience with a professional and friendly person to work with.
5	Shayne Newirth, CPA is great! She was very quick completing my partnership returns and did them for a very fair price. I would recommend her services to anyone I know and as a former tax accountant myself I can tell you that she really knows her stuff!
5	Wow! Shayne does a fantastic job. She was recommended by a coworker, and I'm very thankful I filed taxes with her.  She will see you promptly at your scheduled time and key in your taxes faster than most people speak! I was out of her office in exactly an hour, knowing without a doubt, that my filing was done right. I would recommend Shayne to anyone, but at the same time, I hope she doesn't become too popular- I'll need her next year, too!
5	I recently moved to AZ and needed my 2013 taxes filed in 2 states. It was fast and painless. Shayne really knows her stuff. I found my new accountant. thanks Yelp!
5	Have always used Turbo tax to do my own taxes, but finally have enough complexity to warrant a look by a professional.  Shayne was easy to work with, asked all of the right questions and handled my return in no time.  She definitely led me towards a much more desirable return than what I would have filed on my own.  Very much recommended!
3	I'm not going to give them 1 star, but that's because I didn't actually do business with them. I called a few times, no answer. Finally decided to leave a voicemail, asking someone get back to me regarding their services, and I never got a call back. Apparently they don't need new business? I think that even if you don't do business with someone, it's still good etiquette to return multiple missed calls and a voicemail.UPDATE: I did receive an email... After writing the Yelp review. But by then we had already gone with someone else. Glad she did reach out though. I felt that was courteous and professional.
5	Shayne is very friendly, knowledgable, and an excellent resource.  She answered all our questions and provided excellent advice for our son who is self employed while attending college. Her help enabled him to file his taxes on time even though he was cutting it close to the April 15th deadline.  He called twice with changes and updates, and each time she was so accommodating and professional.  We look forward to working with her again this year.
