3	I enjoyed my late night dinner at Tsunami and my sushi chef was so pleasant and conversational. I took a safe route and got one roll from their special board (a citrus concoction) and a spicy tuna roll.The bar/wine list was limited and they had lots of umbrella pictures on the bar menu.I would visit again.
4	While we have never had the sushi at this restaurant, we love the Tappan.  We always get the best service and attention there, the ladies seem to love entertaining.  We have a 4 year old son, and they take him to the kitchen and give him icecream, pretty much cater to him while we enjoy our food.  We were even served cold saki complimentary one night.  My husband went there to get gift certificates for our friends for Christmas, they gave him samples of new items while he waited.  We really enjoy going and have a large group scheduled to go on Valentines Day!
4	We had sushi there today. Nice place. Good food. Nice service. Get the Flaming Dragon Roll. It comes out on fire. They're sushi is very artsy and beautiful. I'd go again.
1	Owned and operated by Koreans.Food is aright to the average person, bit on the high $$ side though.I'm a picky eater, so I'll have to say I can't rate them high on the taste or quality.Service was outrageously bad though.We had a very nosy Korean Waitress,and she would interrogate my group with personal questions.btw; this is the same nosy waitress that used to work at Mido Sushi.Holy crud, save me from her!!! RUN.
4	It's no RA, but it's local, small and personable. I've been there multiple times and it's been great everytime. Dragon roll is great, Nancy roll and the cute fruit dessert at the end. I keep it local, and I'll be back.
4	My fiance and I have been  trying to find a sushi place in Chandler that measures up to Masa Sushi in Mesa! We have been to Mi Sushi a few times and the sushi is pretty good. We always get take out and this last time we were waiting and the chef sent over a plate of fruit for us! That was really nice! My only big complaint is that we will order a roll that doesn't mention anything being deep fried in the roll description(I am not into deep fried sushi) and one or two rolls always ends up having something fried in it. Not a huge deal, just a little annoying. The service was great and the atmosphere is nice. I would recommend it for sure.
