4	I was surprised at the variety of supplies, tools and bikes that this little store has. While we didn't buy anything today .My husband says we will be back   for other items. He liked the selection of Trek, Gary Fischer Bikes. Today we needed special tubes which they didn't have but it wasn't a common item. While husband perused the bike tubes I checked out the  gear and was pleased with the selection and prices I saw.The clerk working at the store seemed knowledgeable without being high pressure.  While I love my mountain bike ,I still am trying to talk my husband into buying me the sweet cotton candy pink cruiser  that was only 325.00  . Nice.
4	I, being a notorious cheap skate, purchased a used bike on CL however my first ride was down to this place to have them look it over and do a tune up.   With in a few minutes they were able to identify a number of things that I needed to get fixed.   They did a great job and it wasn't to expensive, or at least it didn't seem unreasonable, I really don't have anything to compare it to.    While out of my price range (I only paid $1K for my car) there are some amazing bikes here.   Don't let the little sign by the road with an arrow that says "Bikes"  fool you this is a top notch shop.
5	This is the best bike shop hands down in the Phoenix area.  They are professional and I always get great customer service.  They stick to their word even when things come out slightly more expensive than they said.  They never pressure you.
4	When a bike shop has been around for 30 years, you know they're doing something right. They're the perfect balance between the snobby ("Don't worry about fixing that. Just buy a new one.") shops in the East, the snobby ("Dude, rub some tofu on your chain. It'll be good.") shops up North.A fair selection of bikes, clothes, nutrition and gear. If you need your bike worked on, this is the place. Every problem I've ever had has been fixed here (not including marital issues).Good people and good service.
5	I have been using Swiss American since 1980!  Not many small businesses last that long without losing something.  I can always count on fair treatment as a long time customer, but I often just hang out and bug the crew there and get to see them take care of many new customers.  They are always honest, take the time to explain what they mean and are not intimidating to newbies to the sport.  They have a decent selection, can order anything and work on all brands.  Nick the bike tech can fix all the new technology and still takes care of the simplest things.  Prices are good, and they stand behind everything they sell.  Highly recommended!
5	I have seen this place several times on the my way.  I started riding my bike to work and suddenly had a horrible noise.  I stopped in and for a quick $10 adjustment.  I also too a bike a purchased second hand in the same afternoon and they completed the tune-up and replaced a few parts ... both bikes are working great now.  The customer service is wonderful... I got a call and email when the service was completed.  Prices are better than I could find at other placed in my area.  Highly recommend using them great people and great service.
5	Good place! Friendly, competent and laid-back maintenance folks, reasonable prices, and a good selection of bikes. Best LBS on the wesside, IMO.
