5	Very helpful staff who really know what they are talking about.  Very flexable when I needed to change my appointment.  Very quick service. Had a window tint done and it turned out great!.
5	I dropped in to have a brake controller installed. They were more then happy to get it done asap. They also were able to re-position the hitch for a better/safer ride. I will be back for any other hitch issues.
4	Got a hitch installed on our 91 Toyota.  They ran into a problem, called us right away, we gave the OK and they pressed on with the install.  Great on the price too, we researched the same item and they came in at 50.00 under with install.  Also had the front two windows tinted to match the rest of the truck.  That turned out well.
5	Great customer service and excellence tinting job will come again
5	I came here to get my windows tinted! Loved the ENTIRE experience, from the phone call to set up the appointment Gabe was very friendly and knowledgable, to the gentleman who tinted the windows - he did a phenomenal job, to the woman who took my payment - Linda, I believe was her name, friendly and informed me of what to expect and how to care for the newly tinted windows!I'd definitely recommend this to anyone who is of need of their services!
5	I came by to get a quote and appointment for an electronic brake controller.  They fit me in right then and there, and they were done at exactly the time they said they would be (ok, to be totally accurate, they were done at 5:01 when they promised 5:00--LOL).  The job seems to be done well and everything works as expected.  The price was reasonable on the labor and parts, no surprises, the quote was exactly right.As an added bonus, while you wait you can go to the excellent BBQ restaurant next door.  They also have free wi-fi.Will certainly use again when I have trailer-related needs.
5	This is the second time at Arizona Hichman, I was first sent there because of problems with the used hitch and trailer that I bought.  It had a load leveling system.  I returned today, with no appointment.  I could not drop my trailer, the hitch would not release.They were very busy, all bays were full and several trailers were in their driveway being or waiting to be worked on.  I was desperate, I can not park my camper on the street more then 12 hrs, I needed my truck.  They told me to park it behind the restaurant, they would take care of it and fit it in.  I waited most of the afternoon, but they did the job.  When I got to the storage lot I had no problem disconnect.  I am so happy and great full that they took the extra time and fixed my problem.  This makes very loyal customers.
1	My daughter took her new one week old car there for window tinting.  They were priced a bit better than the dealership.  She was told it would take 90 minutes or so.  After 3+ hours the back window tint was done so bad the man said it had to be redone.  Her car inside was full of grease marks. When she complained she was treated very rudely!  Her dad called the owner Manny who said they would redo the back window and "detail her car inside".  Well another Saturday and 3 hours again the back window tinting is horrible - big gaps and bubbles where the tint film isn't adherd to the window and no cleaning of any of the grease marks had been done.  Literally 3 hours and they couldn't even tint one back window correctly and I even noticed MORE grease marks.   I have asked for her money back as I will NOT allow them to touch her car again.  Asked for the owner who was not there to call me same day or I was going to post some bad reviews.  Well guess what - nothing.  Apparently they don't care.  I feel so bad for my daughter who works so hard and was able to buy a new car and this is what happens.  I advise you NOT to go there unless you really don't care about your car........................
1	Just an update on the horrible tint job done on our brand new car. A week old car that took 3.5 hours to do and the back window tint was not adhered properly and the inside of our car had grease all over it!!!!! Soooo upsetting. They said they would fix it and clean the NEW car. Another 3 hours later window tint gaping in places and car was not cleaned and now had new grease spots!!! Owner was supposed to call us and every time I called he was never there. Horrible place to do business with!!!
3	Mm? Mm
