5	Thanks, G-Mart, for being the best comics shop in town.There's a good selection of comics here, including some small press titles. A lot of trade paperbacks too, and some action figures. Don't bother coming here for manga, but they do have a lot of magazines here for comics/manga/anime.Oh, and I love their pre-ordering system. I would never remember to pick up the latest "Y: The Last Man" if they didn't send me emails telling me it's available at the shop for me.
4	Definitely the best comic store in the area. Whatever book you need, G-Mart usually has it or can order it for you. When I went to U of I, going to G-Mart was always a treat. I love diving into quarter bins and G-Mart has some of the best. One time I spent $20 just on the great stuff I found in those boxes! Every time I head back down to Champaign, I stop by G-Mart.
5	I've been using G-Mart as my comic supplier since 1999 or so, which is somewhat remarkable because I haven't lived in Illinois since 2007.  The storefront itself is an excellent comic store, and I have long enjoyed stopping in to chat with the staff; but its pre-order system is even more remarkable.  Yes, you have to pre-pay, but you get 35% off for your troubles, and when you've been doing it for this long it just feels like you're keeping the pump primed.  And given that they offer free shipping on sufficiently large orders, I have pretty much no reason to change comic stores any time soon.I recommend G-Mart to both Champaign residents and to anybody that's looking for a simple way to mail-order comics.
5	So, let  me get this straight--I love comics.  A lot.  I've been collecting them for years, all while pretending not to be a heinous nerd (with little success).That said, I *completely* forgot that it was free comic book day this saturday until a friend called me.  Startled, I didnt know where I was going to go to obtain some comicky goodness, but the friend told me about G-Mart.Oh.  My.  Thor.G-Mart is truly the speakeasy of comic book stores, as its hidden in the bowels of an unassuming building on Main St. in Champaign.  Once you make it through the winding corridors, you find to your delight an unassuming little space filled with amazing nerdy guys (and occasionally ladies), shooting the shit, talkin' comics and being nerds.  I have missed this.  A lot.On Saturday, they had free pizza for comic book day.  And storm troopers.  And a guy dressed up as Iron Man.I am all about this store, particularly as we had a 30 minute conversation on the lack of black people in comic nerd culture.  Hells to the mothereffin' yes.
4	If you want to buy comics in CU then G-mart is the place to go. You have to search a little bit to find it these days. They gave up their windowed space and now are further back in the same building. They have a friendly staff, a great online pre-order system and a decent selection of books. They're on-hand stock is a bit underwhelming overall. I do sort of long for a really robust comics store with tons of indie titles, graphic novels and collectibles. But I'm not sure CU could support such a store. The great thing about G-mart is that if you get subscriptions or pre-order then it's 30% off those titles. If there is something they don't have they'll look it up for you.
4	I would first say that if you are in-town and looking to catch up on last month's issue or a graphic novel, come here. If you are coming back from a one-year hiatus from comic books and you would like to get back into it, go to their website and order there. This is probably one of the best places to order comics. If you move away, you can still have your membership and have them ship your comics to your new address.My big criticism is that this is a satellite store for the big G-mart in Chicago so any back-issues you order, are shipped to this location. My favorite comic book stores usually have some kind of back-issue collection.I think the service that they provide online is extraordinary but I think the C-U store itself is a little disappointing. They got some figurines, a number of graphic novels, the latest month's comics, and a table of potpourri boxes. However, I will count my blessings and be glad that I can interact with a person when I get my comic books and be tempted to buy a comic figurines too.
5	1 word.Colbotron.Colbotron is the part robot, part wizard, part supercomputer imp employed by G-mart. I once witnessed him throw a nerd through a bookshelf for stating that Warren Ellis needed a haircut.  Without a word, Colbotron then set the nerd on fire--with his mind. Not wholly unlike Cerberus, Colbotron is pacified by music, in this case--Goldfrapp. If you ever enter the store when Goldfrapp is NOT playing, calmly back away, and do not, I repeat DO NOT look the Colbotron in the eye.  Fortunately, no one has ever entered G-Mart when Goldfrapp is not playing.Alright, seriously though, Colby makes the store. Apart from being abnormally affable, he makes great recommendations and knows just about everything about the comic/graphic novel universe.price and selection are very reasonable, and if they don't have it, I'll bet you they can get it.
3	2.5 stars...I don't have the heart to give it 2.I feel kind of bad hatin' on G-Mart.  It seems like a nice enough place, the prices are reasonable, and the staff are nice.  But I was disappointed when I stopped by to check it out.  First of all, it's hidden in a building on Main St...paper signs with arrows on them lead you down winding corridors until you eventually reach the door (a dutch door!).  You enter through a random empty space that looks like it was/is occasionally used as storage.  Then you actually enter the comic book shop.It's...a lot smaller than I was expecting.  And not very densely stocked.  I noticed a few cool indie comics, including Paping.  Also quite a few boxes of back-issues, which are always fun to browse.  I really like trade paperbacks/graphic novels and the selection was pretty limited.  If you're looking for current issues of comics then there's a good chance you'll find it here.  However, for anything else I wouldn't count on it.One of my favorite things about going to a comic book shop is BROWSING.  I know this is somewhat frowned upon.  Don't read the comics and all that jazz.  But I could barely bring myself to spend 10 minutes here, because after making one pass around the store, I felt like I was done and that there wasn't really anything worth looking at.  Other reviewers mention that G-Mart will order comics for you--that's cool and all, but I'll be honest here.  If they don't have it, I'm just going to go on Amazon and buy it.  Or buy it directly from Fantagraphics.  Or Drawn & Quarterly.  Or what ever.I really wish the first room that you enter through had also been full of comics.  Why is it almost totally empty?  So many more comics could fit into this store.  I guess I just don't understand why the space seems so poorly utilized.  There could be so much more awesomeness going on here!  But there isn't.
5	It's odd that even as superhero movies dominate the theatres, and fantasy takes over more of television, that comic book stores seem to be disappearing.PEOPLE, do you know that you can still get kids to read by giving them comics?? Boys, girls, challenged, gifted. . . like comics!!So it is that poor old Kankakee doesn't have a legit shop and we rooted out this place for a few Easter basket goodies for a teen friend.You have to be determined to find the location hidden at the end of the labyrinth in the groovy old 1916, copper-roofed Lincoln Building at 44 E. Main in bustling downtown Champaign.  Street signage and  visibility is Zero. Have no fear, enter the front doors and look for the tiny mounted signs to light the way.Service was laid back, friendly, and helpful. Selection and pricing seemed very good to me, but we had a pretty open "whatever-you-can-find-will-be-fine" kind of directive.  Would certainly recommend and return.
