2	Met the girls here for lunch this last weekend. It was.... meh... well just chainy. The chips were really crisp, but sort of bland and tasted like they came out of a box that had been sitting on a dusty Food City shelf since 1999. The salsa was okay, but sort of blah and tasted like it was straight out of a jar. The rice was a little too on the al dente side and tasted like it came out of an air zip bag vacuum packed for the Russian space station. And the the beans, well they were barely beanish and tasted like they came out of those old white generic cans with the bar codes that were the only differentiation between products. All in all the food was rather disappointing, even by chain standards. I mean for God's sake, we're in AZ people! I get that you are part of a chain, but have some pride and at least put out a product that resembles it's Mexican origins.I will say that the wait staff was relatively attentive. Not easy when you consider that we were an intimidating sort of group... and got more so with each drink.The highlight of the meal was when I looked up and eyed a HUGE chandelier thing made out of empty miscellaneous beer bottles. Sort of sad when the lighting is the highlight of your meal...If you are looking for decent Mexican food, mueva su coche pequeo someplace else mi amigo!
2	Blah. Mediocrity at it's best.
3	We like this place better than the rest of the chain, boring, mediocre Mexican food joints such as El Torito, Macayo's, Manuel's, Gardunos, or Garcias. The portions are generous, the food seems fresher and more colorful than these other "Americanised" Mexican places. Good service too. The chicken quesadilla is great, and their nachos are served as individual chips piled with meat and cheese on them, sort of unique. Like I said, this is the best of the chains, but its not authentic Mexican food at all!
2	The food was gringo interpretation of Mexican food. Which meant the sauce was not spicy but bland with a side of mild. I swear the rice was from Uncle Ben's it was so bad. My chicken tortilla soup was tasty. Typical suburban crowd of tired moms, bitter dads and unruly children screaming everywhere. Our waiter was efficient but odd. The chips and salsa were good but its hard to mess that up.  If we were not meeting friends here I would have chosen a better chain restaurant or better yet a local one. Hell the food from the local food carts downtown is better. Boring is the word that sums it up. Boring.
