3	The return was a litlte less starry, sadly. Definitely some highlights - the salmon ball I was given at the start of the 5 service table d'hote was delicious and I would happily order "Salmon Balls" as a main any time they might choose to allow it. The soup aux courge with the fried, breaded cheese ball and bit of crunchy lardon floating at the bottom was perfect, point finale. The Trou Norman palate cleanser (mojito ice) was bangingly boozey and yummy, and I really loved my pain perdu dessert, amazing hot and crispy and dripping with tire a l'erable ice cream. For the main I ordered the bavette, and while I was enjoying the flavour and cut of the meat the anchovy butter melted, got everywhere, and completely overpowered the flavour. It was a cloying bad taste that put me off the rest of the plate and was a shame. The server was charming, friendly and sweet but forgot to mention that they were out of the mussels,  or that the bavette was going to come with green beans instead of the kale choux on the menu (the menu is on a chalkboard, why not just update it?) More to the point, they seemed to be under-staffed on the floor and in the kitchen, our meal took 3 hours - too long on a Monday night with only four other tables. This included us asking for our bills with dessert. I'd try it again, but am not in a rush to go back with so many other tasty places in town to try, and the taste of that anchovy butter still lurking in my mind.
5	I love this place. Great BYOB in Verdun, awesome quality and service.The formula is very affordable - around 50$ for s 5-course dinner.I will be back, again and again. And you should, too! Even if you don't live in Verdun.
4	We ate there on Sat. night. One member of our party was a half hour late, but the staff were very understanding, they made us acharcuterie platter to keep us occupied while we waited. The food was superb. Itwas one of the best meals we had in a long time. We will definitely go there again.Harold B.
3	I now went three time there, and while I love the fact that it's a Bring your own booze restaurant, it can be a bit too pricey for an overall average meal. The menu is quite uneven in its taste, but it's still a nice 'French bistro-style' restaurant in Verdun. Never was disappointed with their appetizers and their desserts, but generally the main meal is very average: I never managed to be impressed, or there was nothing making me drool when I'm thinking of the restaurant weeks later.
