4	Pretty good fast food Hawaiian BBQ. The food here is a tad greasy..but it taste very good!
4	Good stuff. Very good portions for the price. Not quite as good as the real thing (lived on O'ahu for three years) but still very good for being 3000 miles from Hawaii. Haven't had a chance to eat at any of the local L&L's (the gold standard IMO) but this was still pretty good.
4	Macaroni salad, macaroni salad, M-a-c-a-r-o-n-i  S-a-l-a-d!   I don't think I've had macaroni salad this good.    I have no idea what the heck is in it, but it is truly addictive.  I often times go there and order just that.  Ono Hawaiian was my first experience with Polynesian fare.  The menu was kind of exotic, for a Hispanic girl anyway.  Spam-burgers?  Well, my grandma did used to make spam tacos.  I haven't tried the burgers yet, but they're on my list.  I've had their chicken katsu which is very good, but my favorite is the Kahlua pork which is truly delicious smokey, porky goodness.  I've had their catering on a couple of occasions and it's been quite a hit with my guests.  Their catering is pretty  affordable; where the most I've spent is like $150, and that fed over 25 people.  My only complaint is that over the years, they've gotten kind of chintzy with the serving size of macaroni salad that comes with every meal.    Ono Hawaiian BBQ is good, fast, affordable, and it's definitely thinking "outside the box".
4	Good food, I was stationed in Hawaii for a couple of years and it is very close to the real thing. All you need now is Spam!!!!!
4	Very good food, certainly good portions for the cost (sometimes for a 2nd meal or to share!)I enjoy this eatery for sure!
1	Not so good. Got very sick after eating the mahi mahi and macaroni salad.
4	I do believe now that Ono is superior to L&L. Bigger portions, better quality...and their spam musubi is better than anything I ever had while living in the beautiful 50th state. Ono = win.
4	Aloha,Having lived in Hawaii 20+ years i dig into a plate lunch now n then.I went to Ono(Means taste good in Hawaiian)And i was stoked.I go for the bbq  chicken its  marinated in pineapple juice i think2 scoop rice and mac salad.These guys do chicken wellThe place is jammed on a wed.  at lunchWish they had this kine in LondonA.B.and i will be back
4	If you are the type of person who likes Chinese take out, with a mindset of "it is what it is" then you'll likely love Ono's. We have dined at very high end restaurants, and obviously Ono's wouldn't compare to that. But sometimes you're just plain in the mood for something fast and comforting. In that instance, Ono's is great. I am baffled by the people who talk about how bad their burgers are, you don't get a burger at the Chinese take out  place...why would you do that at a Hawaiian barbeque restaurant? We love the basic barbequed chicken, white rice, and macaroni salad. It's mild, flavorful, the kids love it, and it's a nice change of place from Chinese. Great for picnics or a quick dinner.
4	I love having a nice combination of Hawaiian BBQ.  I like two scoops of mouth-watering macaroni salad, a scoop of warm fluffy rice, and some deliciously grilled meat all in one plate.  Ono's offers this and sooo much more.  ::saliva gurgle::The first time I had Ono's, I was running around, trying to organize a bridal shower.  The lovely Bridezilla had me one, "no, like this" away from snapping her head off.  So one night, I decided to grab some yummy Hawaiian BBQ at a reasonable price [the princess wanted a *nice* bridal shower].So *nom nom* later, I'm hooked.  I love Ono's!  The place is clean and bright, service is speedy and friendly, portions are huge, and the food is good.  I've been there a million times and I really don't see an end to it any time soon!
4	Absolute goodness!!!  I have been coming to this place over and over again for 3 years.  Love the Chicken Combo, Hawahiian BBQ Mix, Mahi & BBQ Chicken Combo, Spam Musubi, BBQ Chicken Musubi, and the Ono burger.  YUM!  Miss me miss Hawaii!
5	I'm somewhat of a newbie when it comes to Hawaiian BBQ. I've seen an increase of these kind of places sprout up over that past couple years but never really tried one until late last year. I found out that day, that I love Hawaiian BBQ. The first time I came here was last week. I was running some errands & wanted a quick bite. I tried the Hawaiian chicken & rice bowl. The meat was fresh & juicy not to mention plentiful. They have free sides of Teriyaki sauce so I mixed in a little with the rice which made the meal all the better.The second time I ate here was last night. I decided on the Hawaiian BBQ mix which consists of chicken, beef, & short ribs. It comes with sides of rice & macoroni salad on a bed of cabbage(or more rice if your like me & don't like cabbage). I paid $7.99 + $2.00 for a drink. Well worth it! Once again all the meat was fresh, hot, & tasted great. The rice was wonderful & the macaroni salad was perfect(a little heavy on the mayonnaise but that's the way I like it). I wasn't able to eat it all in one sitting because there was so much food & brought the rest home. I loved it. The customer service was great & the dining room was clean. I will be back for sure.
3	We've been coming here for three years now and if I wrote this review when we when we had it the first year, I'd give it at least a four star, maybe even a five.  However, it seems like the cut of meat they've been using lately isn't so great anymore.  The taste is still the same and quite frankly it's about the only thing that's keeping me from giving it a two star (you can't go wrong with sweet sauces!!) but the quality of the meats doesn't seem that great.  Maybe it was just the past few times that we've been there we've had a "bad experience".The food is pretty much carb and protein overload.  Rice, meat, a tiny bit of cabbage (on most meals).  Simple but delish.  You order up front and they call you number when the food is ready.  They also have a few soup/noodle selections (a little too salty for my taste but decent) and salads, too.  And, if you're not too hungry, you can order the mini-meals which is a much smaller portion of the regular meals offered.  I definitely recommend that if you are watching your diet but want a "treat".They used to have really good tea but nowadays they use some sort of syrup thingy that a lot of other places are converting to instead of brewing which sucks.  I've never had Hawaiian BBQ until I cam to Ono's so my opinion may be different than someone who is a bit more experienced in this area but the food is decent ... I just wish they had the same standards as they did a few years ago ... biggest reason why we don't go there that often anymore.
1	No food is good enough to make up for the horrible service I got. With only a couple of customers ahead of me, I waited nearly a half an hour for two to-go meals. It was absolutely absurd because the cooks who I could see were goofing around and nobody seemed to care.  If you have unlimited time to stand around waiting, the food is good. My time is valuable and it's not worth it for me.
3	Came back here cuz my kids were paying and on a budget. This time I got their $4.99 special. You get 2 small scoops of rice, 2 crab rangoons, choice of like 4 meats, and a drink. I had the kahlua pork and it was actually pretty good. The food overall was decent, the place was clean, and the service was average. Did NOT get sick this time. Some of the menu items are a little pricey for what they are and the bench seats are way too far back from the tables ( which can't be moved ). Note: Their selection of already sweetened teas were really good, especially the black tea and the green tea.
2	Grease Paradise. You can smell the grease from two blocks away...
3	I love their food! I always get their bbq chicken because it's so good. This time their special wasn't on the chicken so I got the meal that didn't include a drink and was almost $8. It came with 3 pieces of chicken, macaroni salad which wasn't bad, and a scoop of rice. This isn't a "fast" food place to say the least because I've always had to wait 10-15 minutes on my order. And their professionalism is something to be desired, I really don't care if some d-bag that looks like Bruno Mars is trying to flirt with you just get my order!Great place for when you want semi-fast food without the added grease of a typical burger place but don't come for the service
4	I'm a sucker for the Chicken Katsu.
3	This is my first time with Hawaiian BBQ so I am not familiar with the cuisine. Food was great, the quality of ingredients not so much.The meat was not trimmed of fat and cartilage which made the experience much less than it could have it could have been.Other than that the food was tasty but average.
4	A short an sweet report about lunch....This was a quick lunch with my best friend Melissa and was well worth it!!  We were greeted by the counter person with a warm welcome and when I advised I had never been here before, she took me through a quick tour of the menu and suggested what to order.  Following her suggestions was a great choice!  We both had the same thing, The Hawaiian BBQ Mix.  This comes with BBQ Chicken, BBQ Beef and Kalbi Short Ribs.  I also added Teriyaki sauce to the Chicken.  The meals came with 2 scoops of rice, a single scoop of macaroni salad and veg.  The flavors were wonderful, the beat tender and juicy.  The ribs were a thin slide and you had to navigate around the bones but it was delicious!For months I have been threatening to stop by but never have,  Now I am sad for all I have missed!!  Definitely going back!!  Overall:  This place is a keeper!  Good service, great food, served fairly quickly....We are already making plans for your next visit!  Enjoy!
5	We love this place! Just like Hawaiian plate lunches - a combination of Korea, Japanese, Hawaiian and who knows. We often buy just one mixed BBQ and take it home as a main dish and share. The GOOD:Food. Service. Price. The BAD:Food is served in Styrofoam containers.
4	Bonus points for just being Hawaiian food in the West Valley!  Plate lunches are good and what you'd expect if you call Hawai'i home.  Normal fare and combinations.  Service is okay, but ends at the counter.  Time from order to pickup can also be long, translating into the food sometimes being lukewarm.  When the crew is on, the food is very good.  However, we've also had some bland pork, fatty and meatless short ribs, and overcooked chicken on occasion.  Kind of like a luau back home...Portions are the normal Hawaiian-style generous.  Cost is a little higher, but not bad.The owner is a very nice lady and it's always fun to support franchisees like this.
2	Don't know what happened here....we use to love this place.  But the last couple of visits was not the same!  They reduced the amount of food on their entrees.  I remember the first time I went, the bbq combo had 3 pieces of ribs, 3 pieces of chicken and a bunch of beef slices.  Last year, they reduced the amount...2 pieces of rib, 2 pieces of chicken, and a few pieces of beef.  Last week, there was 1 piece of rib,  2 pieces of chicken and 4 slices of beef!Totally cut their food cost down half!  Also, they don't serve good tea anymore.  I guess we are done with them for awhile...
1	I use to love this place but in the last six months this place has gone to hell.Their portions have almost been cut in half and their prices have gone up and the service has gone down. The last few times I have gone in there the only person that takes the orders is some girl named Phing who barely speaks english gets the orders wrong and then acts like it is your fault. The need to move Josh back up to the front. He always greeted everyone with a warm smile and always remembered people.They changed their menu a few months back and I think that is when it started going down hill. I went in there today about 12:30 ordered my meal after waiting 15 min for the food I went to get sauces and was informed they where all out of soy sauce and hot sauce. This store is owned by the same people that own the other Ono's in the valley they could have got some from another store before they opened or even gone to the Fry's in the same parking lot and got some. How can you open a Hawaiian BBQ place with out those. What really got me mad was the fact that they got mad at me for asking them for it. When I asked them to package it to go so I could take it home and get soy sauce the girl at the counter tells me "Fine then take it home"I will not be back here for a very long time.
4	Tonight was the very first time I've ever tried the food here. I must say it was pretty tasty! I loved the Hawaiian BBQ Beef. It came with 2 scoops of sticky white rice & deeelicious macaroni salad. I highly recommend this place if you've never had authentic Hawaiian Food, Or if you have & you're just searching for something better than you've ever had - then definately give this place a try!
4	The BBQ mix is the bomb! You get all the good stuff, rice, and macaroni. The soda prices are pretty high and they don't have many drink options, but the meat is the best you will find. I use to eat here almost every day. If you want takeout, call ahead 15 minutes and pick up or you will be stuck sitting at one of the tables waiting awkwardly in everyone's way. Food is well worth it!!!
4	BBQ combo plate with mac salad and rice.  Throw on some sauce and you have a meat lovers paradise.  Might as well be in Hawaii, that is my visual interpretation of the food....If you like meat as much as I do you have to have the combo plate.  I like the spam roll as well, when I am really hungry eat a combo plate and the spam roll and you will be satisfied. Vegans need not apply here, nothing really here for you?If you crave some good Hawaiian BBQ, visit Onos.  Onos you didn't.....I had to, could not resist.
4	I love some good Hawaiian BBQ and this place fits the bill. I called to order take out on my lunch break and sure enough by the time I got there my food was waiting and was nice and hot, which seems like a tall order for most take out. It was even still hot after the 10 minute drive back to work.As for the food the flavors were great and I was devouring it like a mad man. Usually I am not a huge fan of the macaroni salad anywhere but I liked this and wished there was more of it (it was a solid ice cream scoop+ worth). The meat on the combo plate I got was all well cooked and still moist and tender not dried out.They even gave enough food that I had some leftover that was enough for a small meal or a hearty snack. For the price it is a meal well worth it.
4	Always good! Everything I've tried has been good
3	This is one of my husband's favorite! The food is very good, however I would like to see a better variety of sides that include vegetables and not just a tiny spoonful of macaroni salad. I always get the stir fresh meal to get veggies. Otherwise you are eating a plate of meat wit a spoon of rice and a spoon of macaroni. Basically meat and carbs. My rating would be higher otherwise. The staff is friendly and the store is clean.
1	We (my boyfriend, son, & I) came here to grab some dinner, we wanted to try something new. I got the chicken teriyaki bowl without cabbage, my son got a kids meal BBQ chicken, and my boyfriend got the spam and eggs combo; it was outrageously expensive for the quantity/quality of food you get. The kids meal alone was over $5.50 and it doesn't even include a drink! My chicken had a lot of fat on it but the rice and chicken that wasn't fatty was very good. My son hardly ate any of his meal because the macaroni salad wasn't any good and the rice was burnt and my boyfriend agreed it didn't taste good. I don't think we will be coming back here again, wasn't worth the money. The restaurant also needs a remodel very badly, very run down and dirty.
4	Ono has always been a great go-to for Hawaiian lunches, their teriyaki and katsu chicken is great but what really makes it is the fresh house-made sauces. And the macaroni salad...oh man, put a little bit of soy sauce on it. Just trust me.I used to visit the Scottsdale location a lot back in the day, but recently when I happened the in the neighborhood of an Ono I insisted that we stop in for lunch.In the time since my last visit to an Ono, I was disappointed to see that the prices had gone up, and that they no longer served burgers.But really those are the only negatives. Ono is consistently great food, and their restaurants are consistently well-kept and clean. Highly recommended!
4	Family meal was good.  We had plenty left over.
3	I have always enjoyed the katsu chicken and BBQ chicken combo.  Must say though that a lot of business lately with the economy so bad that service and the amount of you use to get is just not the same.  The price goes up but the quality and quantity goes down.  Also if there is a Groupon or some deal going on please make sure everyone including the manager is aware of it.  Pretty bad when you have to wait for them to call around to the other locations to make sure that the deal you have is still on.
3	Not thoroughly impressed. If you want the meats, it is a place to think of. Being a chain restaurant, you get that same chemical aftertaste, almost like you would after eating KFC. I had the BBQ combo plate with the mac salad and rice. Yea it was a lot of meat and grease under the decor cabbage lol. It was tiring to eat. More authentic options in Phoenix/Tempe.
4	I was referred here by a coworker and thought it was simple and delicious. I will definitely be returning
2	First time in today. Flavor of the food was ok. Too much mayo in the macaroni salad so I didn't even bother finishing it. Aside from that all I ordered was the meal and a small drink. I got that and some crab rangoons when I got my food. Looked at the receipt and they didn't eveb charge me for the drink and just charged the rangoons instead. Most wouldnt't mind, but it's not what I ordered. More than likely won't ever go back. I'll make the 20 minute drive to Leo's on bell road instead. Much better flavor and they have homemade katsu and teriyaki sauce on hand.
3	I love Hawaiian food a lot. There are a few things that when I do get the urge for it I will order it.  I am not a regular here so when I do come it just seems the prices have gone up every time. It does make it hard to bring a bigger family to eat here for fast food. Prices to eat here are a bit high so if you have a large family and plan to spend sit down money go to a sit down restaurant.  But when there is a craving I come here to satisfy my taste buds.  There are not to many Island eats around so this is the spot to come to.
4	Food was good, the teriyaki chicken, beef and pork was the way to go!  The family meal is a great deal!  The macaroni salad was very yummy as was the sauces.  Prices were great and my Dad's biggest excitement was the fact they offer Spam and Eggs on the menu.  We will be back again.  Would have given them 5 stars but no Mai tais.
4	Food here is delicious!  I can only vouch for most of the combo plates, as I have tried them all.  For some reason they discontinued Moco Loco, which is one of the more popular dishes in Hawaii! Although pricey, portions are plenty.
5	My favorite place to eat. I recommend the bbq chicken combo w an extra side of macaroni lol you can't get enough of that delicious stuff. I'm craving it now.
3	It has been a while since I've had any sort of Hawaiian food. Knowing that Ono's is an established chain I was expecting the quality to be better than normal. When I stepped into the restaurant I noticed that it was pretty crowded due to the lunch rush. The place was relatively clean even with the influx of people in and out of the establishment. I went ahead and ordered the BBQ chicken combo and the other people I was with ordered the BBQ chicken and katsu combo. I have the say that the BBQ chicken was tender but the chicken was quite fatty. The people who ordered the BBQ chicken and katsu combo said their chicken was also very fatty and a little too oily for their tastes. The combo also came with white rice and macaroni salad. I've never been a fan of macaroni salad so I passed on eating that and the white rice complimented the chicken just fine. Overall, I would rate the place 3 stars. It wasn't bad but it wasn't great.
4	Needed to stop by for lunch& was feeling Hawaiian food :) the lunch plates are great with big portions. Definitely coming here again.
3	Food is good. However Stay away from their fountain drinks. I got water and the water tasted horrible. The soda machine is connected with PVC plastic pipe instead of having a copper this explains why the water tastes so bad like plastic, when u drink a soda you won't notice the taste but try the water and you will know what I'm talking about
4	This place reminds me of a laid back day in Hawaii. Love the food and the friendly staff. So laid back and calm but super efficient and fast. Simple but great food.
5	I love their lemon chicken and macaroni salad! Fast, friendly and very good!The place is clean, the staff is friendly and food comes out at a decent time.
4	Love this place good food and if you do paleo you don't have to get the rice  or the macaroni salad just meat and cabbage.
5	I've been to lots of the Hawaiian BBQ places and this one is my favorite. Their food is always made fresh but also very quick. The staff is always friendly, it's always clean. If you are looking for a quiet dinner I would suggest ordering to go, this place is always crazy busy but I've never waited longer than ten minutes. My favorite is the katsu chicken with crab raggoons, served with teriyaki and they hide the siracha behind the counter :)
5	Onos = good.......what more can I say ? All the food here is great. Love the macaroni salad, wish i had the recipe. Everytime i go, i need to get the spam musubi. When i was in Hawaii, i was hooked on spam musubi from the first try. The plate lunches make onos the closest to authentic Hawaiian food that i have found in Phoenix. I also enjoy the Hawaiian fruit drinks in a can.The atmosphere is great for me, Hawaiian music, they also have this awesome painting on the wall of a surfing scene and Diamondhead. The staff are great and the food even more so.
5	Having lived in Hawaii for 3 years then moving I've missed me some Hawaiian food and this place didn't disappoint. My husband got the Kalua pork and I got chicken teriyaki and chicken Katsu to share with my son who is a toddler. The chicken Katsu was a big hit for him along with me. All the food was great! The rice, macaroni salad, cabbage etc! The only negative was it did take about 17 mins for our food to come out which we didn't mind because the food came out hot and was just delicious. We will be returning very soon!
4	The food here is awesome however, the service kinda sucks and it's a little over priced for the food you get.
4	It's pretty ono..not as good as L&L but still can fix my cravings from home..I always get the kalbi lunch plate, and the Spam Musubi.   Better to order the meal with raw cabbage then cooked cabbage.
5	My friend recommended. The place is so busy tonight and when i got to the counter the guy asked what we wanted...i let him know i was unsure and i had never been here before. We decided to step aside and review the menu longer...a short minute later he brought us a sample plate of three meats! I'm super impressed at this customer service (you just don't see that anymore)...it is super....the food was delicious. I give 10 out of 10....great food and perfect customer service...can't beat that...the prices are great too...
