5	I needed some mirror and glass work done for a house I was remodeling and got quite a few bids from other companies and was disappointed by either the pricing or the service I was receiving. However not only was this company the cheapest quote I received the gentlemen was very professional. He was 15 minutes early calling before hand to see if it was OK if he was early. The other companies I was dealing with came off as if they were hurting for business and were trying very hard to get me to move forward right away after giving me a bid. However ACME came out and did there measurements, gave me a quote, and when I told them I wanted to check around with a couple more places he was very courteous and gave me his card and assured me that they do there best to have competitive pricing and to give him a call if I needed further assistance. After checking with a total of 5 places not only were they cheaper then the competition by over $150 they were a pleasure to deal with. Next time I will not worry about getting other quotes and wouldn't use another company. I suppose this is what has kept them in business for over 40 years.
5	Used them again for a new shower enclosure and it turned out beautifully. Very nice people who where very respectful of my home seemed to have a solid focus on customer satisfaction.
5	I used acme based on a recommendation from a family friend. The owner, Kevin, quoted me a great price on a frameless shower door and was ready to install it within the week. He came to my house and had it done in under 2 hours as well, consulted with me throughout the process to make sure everything was exactly how I wanted it, and took the time to explain why he was making the suggestions he was.Compared to Home Depot and other companies these guys were friendly, very reasonably priced and fast. It's exactly what you would hope for from a long time family business.
5	Great work in a very quick time frame! Customer service is top notch as well. I used them for windows and shower doors and was very pleased with the results. The office manager is very helpful and assisted me with all my questions and concerns. I have and will continue to recommend them to anyone I know looking for glass replacement. Awesome small business!
