5	I'm doing a big remodel at home and I needed tile for various rooms and different surfaces. I had bought about 80 % of my requirements and was looking for stainless steel trim to try and get a fancy W Hotel type look. I could not find it anywhere until I came here. It is meant to be contractor only but they were flexible. They have a small but fantastic showroom with amazing high end products and a warehouse where you place your order. I order my SS trim which came in 24 hours and also some aluminum tile which I have not seen anywhere and that came in 3 days. Guys on the desk are knowledgable and helpful and sales people in showroom are equally good although nothing is priced and they have to run in the back for pricing information.New favorite tile/stone/granite store, I just wish I found it earlier.
5	Great place to go for your remodel or new construction needs.  The staff here is VERY helpful!!  I needed to choose 5 slabs of granite for the new house we are building.  Miguel took us around to the various types of granite we had chosen from our builders design center.  He made sure that we got the perfect slabs for our project.  He, and 2 other workers, moved around several slabs so that we could get several to choose from.  It's no easy task to do this and we appreciated it. Miguel was just as, if not more, picky to make sure we got the perfect slabs. This was a far cry from our experience at Marble Express (see their review).  Our builders design center gave us 3 choices of granite suppliers to choose from.  We had used Daltile on our previous home and loved them then as well.  We just thought that we would check out Marble Express to see if their granite selection was any better.  That was a mistake but now we're happy.  The third supplier that we could have used was Arizona Tile, but you can only view their granite by appointment.  Who has time to work around a schedule to choose granite? Life is busy enough?  I don't need anyone to kiss my ass, just do what you're supposed to do. Daltile is the place to go!
5	Needed new countertop for older condo remodel.  After shopping for countertops and getting installation quotes Daltile was the place a beautiful piece of granite was found.Along with Judy from American Countertops my counter is on its way in ten days time.  There is even some left over granite to do a fireplace surround.  The price ended better than the big box stores!!  The service was prompt and very helpful!Beautiful selections ............check out the new "leathering" process for granite.Kathie
