3	This was truly an odd experience.  I found myself at Elite Nails because, despite their posted hours, TT Nails was closed.  So I drove to the next closest strip mall and there it was.When I walked in I was totally thrown off guard.  Did I walk into the nail salon or the day spa next door?  It was indeed the nail salon and when I regained my composure I inquired about a manicure.  The receptionist (I use that term loosely) nearly had a breakdown.  I told him it was ok if they didn't have time (there were still about 2 hours until closing....)  but 5 minutes later I was sitting down and getting my nails done.  I've never experience having to make an appointment for a nail salon that wasn't part of a spa or hotel resort. You walk in, you pick your color, you're good to go. Once you walk around the nice front end, its just your regular kind of nail salon!  It was a total facade!  It was so bizarre....it was just a little nicer than your average nail salon but nowhere near the day spa it was trying to be.  My manicure was ok, but not worth $15.
5	I think Elite Nails is wonderful.  It is spotlessly clean and they will accomodate you for anything you want.They have awesome pedicures, the high end one is about an hourand a half.  They are fast, polite, and everyone speaks English.It is best to make an appointment because they can get pretty bookedup.Try them, you will be happy you did.
5	I have been going to Elite Nails for two years and they have always been wonderful!  People see my nails and always ask where I go.  I highly recommend.
4	While I have only been here twice, the service is fantastic, the quality is also fantastic...Im sure many of us ladies have gone to nail salons which were pretentious, less than inviting- and often times you are just another number. The lovely ladies who speak here, do so in English, which is respectful to the patrons, we dont have to guess if they're talking shit or not. Anyhow, best mani and pedi I have ever gotten was from these ladies, would not hesitate to ever go back. A tad bit pricey- but worth it if you want gorgeous nails! :)
4	Moved from Miami to Scottsdale recently. Every salon in the area I've checked out has quoted me for mani/pedi $80 +. In Miami everywhere you turn there is a nail location, although mainly they speak there native tongue and barely converse with you. I found Elite nails to be pretty impressive for a first timer. The women at the counter greeted me with a smile, took my name, thanked me for being early, asked  me to pick my color. By the time, I finished choosing my color my tech was ready for me. I was again greeted with a smile by Tiffany- a 20 something yr old that did a phenomenal job on my nails! Cuticles were cut perfect, although the calus rock scrape could have been a little longer I have to say I was definitely satisfied. She spent an hour and a half on both my hands and feet and we conversed like we had been friends for years. Did I mention, I was given my own set of nail clippers and tools from a sanitized closed packet?... No nail fungus, used tools that are not kept clean and/or sanitized properly. I'll be seeing them again soon.
4	I love this place! I just started going last month and my nails have never been better. Lee is awesome! She does a great job and really knows her stuff. My nails look super-natural and I never feel pressured to get a new set or a more expensive treatment. The place is big, clean and inviting. None of those tacky 1980s posters on the wall. They offer a lot of services, but so far I've only gotten acrylics there. I get pink&whites using dark pink acrylic. Amazing. I would recommend this place to anyone who's looking, even though they are a bit on the pricey side. You defintiely get what you pay for.
5	I came here for a pedicure based on reviews I read on Yelp.  The reviews were true and this place was awesome.  A $25 spa pedicure with all the bells and whistles.  Too bad I live in Boston or I'd be coming here all the time!
5	i come from the new york area so i'm pretty picky. i picked this salom based on YELP reviews..something i have never done befor. Wow! i got the best pedicure i can ever remember (angela) all my dead skin was removed. she was a delight, as was the experience. a frind of mine is coming from NJ next week, and i put this experience on the top of our list of things to do.
5	I was in town for a conference and a girlfriend and I needed to get out of there for some nail love. We found Elite Nails on yelp (*thanks all reviewers!), called to get a time and the owner managed to squeeze us in somehow.  He originally said they were booked but he had a cancellation and immediately called us.  We headed over and were greeted at the door like old friends!They use OPI which thrilled us and we were each handed a sanitized package of equipment, and I'm always thrilled by great cleanliness at a nail salon! Had a great manicure/pedicure.  We mentioned the reflexology place next door (owned by the same folks), and were offered a discount and walked over.  I will absolutely return here every time i am in the area.
4	Been here twice now. The people who work there are great. I've been happy with the service as were my family members. Its doesn't feel like a spa experience. But its very clean and fun. I will continue to come back.
4	This place had excellent service. The technicians were all very cute and nice, conversing throughout the treatment. They did a great job on our nails (we all got the basic pedicure) and even did a great job on drawing cute designs on our toes as well. The stone massage felt great and this service was totally worth the $25. The owner (male guy) was amusingly funny because like all the other yelpers have said, he does freak out when you come early because he hates making people wait. It's a little over the top, but I guess he really wants people to leave happy
5	The business itself is very clean, big, open and inviting. From reading other Yelp reviews I decided to call ahead to make an appointment (even though I'm sure walk-ins are welcome) that was best as to not surprise anyone and so you are seated quickly.The massage chairs were really nice and looked new.I went in for a Basic Pedicure which from the time of my appointment until the time I left was about 50 minutes.My nail tech was really quiet and didn't talk much at all, granted it was my first time there, it was just a little awkward so I spent the time taking notes for this review on my phone while I was getting the Pedi done. I believe I had Rose, she was very sweet though and did an excellent job for the price! The hot stone massage was heaven and just what I needed, I found myself wanting to fall asleep.All the people that came in while I was there seemed like regulars (and in their late 50's) half were men, which I rarely see at nail salons but I guess that's Scottsdale for you.I would definitely recommend this place and will be returning as soon as possible. I'm so relaxed now I think it's time for a nap! :)
5	Excellent!!!! The cleanest place I have ever been in. the owner cleans about every five minutes. You feel so good being at Elite Nails. It is spotless and everybody is so friendly. I love it there!!!! I go there for manicures and pedicures a couple of times a month. AND they have the BEST pedicures with Hot Stone Massages!!!!
5	Over the years, I've found great nail tech's and followed them around to several nail places around town - But I keep coming back to Elite Nails.  Why?  1) Every tech does a great job.  2) Consistent quality and service3) They will always try to make my last minute "Can you do it now?" work (especially great with my hectic schedule).  Of course they have all the basics too - massaging pedicure chairs, fun nail extras (rhinestones, gels, etc.)
5	I love everything about Elite Nails!  To begin with, the location is perfect for me (super close to home).  From the street/parking lot, it looks like you are waking in to a run-of-the-mill little nail shop, but it is actually open, spacious and modern looking.  Instruments are sterilized and individually packaged between each use and the place is immaculate.  The staff is always friendly and accommodating, and they go above and beyond to make sure you are happy with the results of the services you are receiving.  The prices are right on par with the other shops in the area, but the level of service and quality of products used are far superior.  I have to agree with the others...without a doubt, best pedi I have EVER had!
5	Ticks all my boxes for what I need in a nail salon.  Techs are precise and friendly.  They take their time and care that you are perfectly relaxed and happy with what they are doing.  I felt the instruments and tubs were extremely clean.Don't you just hate those places where all the techs are speaking to each other and you have no idea what they're saying?  Well, at Elite, my tech and I had a running conversation and it was very nice.  She didn't spend any time shouting at the latest client to come in the door or chit-chatting with her fellow techs.  Focused on me.  Yay.I had the pleasure of a mani and pedi with "Vana", and she was absolutely delightful.Will definitely return to Elite when I'm back in Scottsdale.
4	Great salon with easy parking & good hours (they are closed Sunday which is a disappointment to those of us who work M-F).  It's best to call ahead for an appointment because they have lots of regular customers and can get quite busy.  They do always make you feel special when you are there, offering water as you come in and they escort you to each service.  They only speak in English which i appreciate and take the time to get to know you, or if you prefer they let you just relax and read a magazine while your service is being done.  I have had Nene & Tracy who are both excellent, I would even go so far as to rank them the absolute best nail techs I've ever had and I've had my nails done for 20 years (Acrylic pink/white w/gel coat).  My reason for giving them 4 stars is they start counting their money and closing up at 5:00pm even though they are open until 7:00pm.  This means that when i get there after work for my 5:15pm I am asked to pay for services before they are performed including any tip I may want to leave.  This is irritating, I feel like I'm imposing on them for coming in at 5:00pm, I wouldn't mind if it was only once, but it happens every time.  Elete nails management, please stop making the tech count their money in front of customers!!!
5	We searched for a nail salon online and called this one after the previous one we called was busy. I am SO gad we did! My daughter and I had Tammy and Ashley and both were tremendous, professional, and extremely helpful in questions I had on eyelash extensions!    I will definitely come back here when I am in the Phoenix area, and since my daughter lives here she will definitely go back!  We really appreciated that they all spoke English, and always talked to you as opposed to each other!
5	I used to frequent this nail salon all the time when I lived up in North Scottsdale. But I still go back when I visit my mom. The owner is so nice and always remembers your name. The services are great as well, with many choices and options to choose from.
5	This is my NEW nail place that I plan to stay loyal in regards to my hands/feet needs!! It is a pretty big salon - love that they have a nice Lobby where you can sign in and THEN a second room that has walls of polish colors/brands (elaborate selection) and couches/plasma TV to watch, H2O in fridge and restrooms. NOTE: Am I the only one who goes to the restroom before mani/pedi time? For me, I want to turn the phone off, not have to pee, etc. - complete relaxation!! To the left, they have nice, big pedi stations and a menu of "options". Yes, they can get pricey, but so far, they have proven to me the stellar services.To the right, they have nail stations - very relaxing place, in general, w/friendly nail technicians. Keep up the great work!
5	My new nail place ! And let me tell you I've been to SO many places . First off I can't believe they have been there 10 years and I never heard of it . The place is huge and so relaxing. Staff so friendly. They hand you your sterilized instruments after walking in the door which way impressed me ! I was graced with Ashley and she was amazing , meticulous and so friendly ! I plan on being their newest regular !
4	Disclaimer: I've only gotten regular manicures and pedicures here, though I'll probably be back for a shellac manicure soon.I really like this nail salon for several reasons:1. They let your color dry in between coats which makes my manicures last longer than other places that go straight from base coat to color to top coat. I get regular manicures and last time it lasted 1 - 1.5 weeks.2. They're open until 7pm, which is nice when I want to swing by after work.3. Related to the above: When I decide at the last minute that I want a mani/pedi, I give them a call and they have been able to fit me in within 30 minutes.4. The price is right :)5. I had a mani/pedi where they had 2 people work on me at the same time and they were finished within 40 minutes. Somehow they finish in a timely manner while still leaving plenty of time to dry between coats and let you relax afterwards in the massage chair for a bit, never making you feel rushed. I like still having time to do stuff with the rest of my day haha; other places have taken 1.5 - 2 hours almost.6. The multiple ladies I've had were all very nice, professional, gave good mani/pedis and spoke to you and each other in English which I appreciated.If I would change anything it would be to maybe add more polish color choices. I usually notice multiple bottles of the same color on the wall.
5	I love this place. I had been going to the local mani-pedi place in North Scottsdale. They actually speak to you here. They do a fantastic job, and the expensive pedicure is dreamy. I only get that when I am in the mood to treat myself.  Really nice girs, always remember your name, do a great job--what more could you ask? I will never switch again to a place where everyone speaks behind your back, and its a cattle call.
5	Love this place.  I've walked in twice without an appointment and had no trouble getting a manicure and pedicure.  I've had 2 different techs, both of whom were very good.  The atmosphere is nice and friendly, and the results were good. I've tried at least 5 other Scottsdale nail places, and this is by far my favorite.  The prices are a little higher than the other places, but still not expensive and well worth it.  I'll be a regular.
5	They do an amazing job. The girls that work there are fantastic and very skilled. Thank you this is my favorite nail salon.
2	Elite Nail Salon is the name I have been hearing since last one month being buzzed in my ears by my friends. Hype was created and I was made to visit it with them. I thought that it will be a state of the art salon which will consider the hygiene standards needed to meet the present life style along with a humanistic friendly environment which is needed to spare some good time off a stiff and grueling working routine. The decor and ambiance was very eye catching when I entered the salon. But all my awe was shattered when I entered it like any other person without any reception or warm welcome which is an important part of a service. Moreover, I went disappointed when I saw that the working ladies were not less than a robot with no expressions on face and no conversation with the customers. The metal tools being used for manicure and pedicure were not sterilized at any point and were being used on other customers the same way as they were used on the customers coming before. It left me in a shock that such a huge investment has been done to provide unhygienic.
5	I have the best nail technician ever at Elite Nail saloon - Kathy!!! She is always so sweet and nice and does the most amazing pedicures and manicures! Love her and the whole atmosphere at theSaloon! I also appreciate the warm reception arriving! I find myself going here more and more often!
5	Rose is the best...but she does only lash extensions now!
5	I have been to several salons on this side of town, and just haven't found a place I've liked as much as this one. They were very courteous and made my nail experience a very pleasant one. Ashley took extra care with my nails and did an excellent job in making sure they were exactly how I preferred, where sometimes technicians can be huffy and sigh when you request them a certain way, and no one seemed to act like a bad attitude like some places you go to when they just want to rush you on your way. I enjoy the clean environment and polish color selection. I will definitely be going to this salon from now on.
5	Love love love this place! Best mani pedi in town. I have been coming here for years and I always get great service. My mani last me for a week and my pedi for two (at least) The girls are friendly and fun to talk to. They also do great lash extensions and gel manicures. One stop shopping..... I take all of my family and friends from out of town to Elite nails. Make sure to make an appointment or you may not get it. They have a very steady and loyal clientel. I highly recommend Elite nails, you won't be sorry.
5	Clean, beautifully decorated, with an eye on sanitation. Appointment on time. Would recommend.
5	I got an excellent pedicure here and the service was terrific. Also, the "MC", older gent up front, was hilarious and super cute as he managed the process. You can't go wrong here.
3	Unfortunately I got a gel mani (no chip) for $30 and it's chipping one week later. They definitely rushed through the manicure, which is a bit disappointing.The pedicures are good (if you get the deluxe for $55). It takes about an hour and they have set amounts of time to massage, etc. I would recommend the pedicures (even though both times it's chipped within a week).Overall, I would go again if in a pinch (easy to get an appointment, even the same day), but I think I am going to find a different nail place in Scottsdale.
4	I went to Rose for eyelashes as a referral from a friend that goes regularly - she put on a full set and they are beautiful - I get compliments ALL the time.   They were well priced considering the time it takes to do such detailed work.
5	Elite was the BEST place for lash extensions! Rose has been doing my lashes for almost a year now. So imagine my surprise (sheer horror!) when I discovered that Rose left to open her OWN lash and nail salon last week...right down the street from Elite at 92nd & Shea!Not only is Rose's place (Classy Nails) open 7 days a week...but she is the cheapest in town AND the best!!!When I get my lashes done I only need to go back once a month to keep them looking like new.Do yourself a favor and visit Elite Nails but then go see Rose at Classy Nails and compare the quality.
5	The BEST EYELASH EXTENSION Specialists TAMMY & ROSE!!!! Being in the industry gives me the opportunity to pay attention to detail.Sleep, Shower, No Make-Up needed if desired and still great! A few of my clients started AND are still going to these amazing girls. I myself have been going for almost 3yrs. and not quitting anytime soon.By far the Best job from any of these two talented ladies. Love them!!!
