5	Very friendly service. Came out within 2 hours of our call and no hassle during the repair. Charged exactly as quoted. Awesome!!
2	Terrible Terrible Terrible. 6 visits of the tech fiddling around with god knows what on my roof saying "it should be okay now" the cold I've had for the past two weeks because my apartment can't get above fifty degrees says otherwise. They NEVER apologized for giving me the royal run around, and I'm quite sure other companies have the decency to drop off a space heater or two while their incompetence is rectified. NOPE. The 2 stars is for the receptionist Rachel who at least is nice and always called me back timely enough. The lack of 3 stars is for their TERRIBLE technicians. Why not kick them to the curb, you ask? Because my landlord refuses to use another company...hmmmmmmmmm.Also, as a side note, whats with the Jesus fish on their business card? What year is it?
5	I've been in my current house almost 8 years and have had a few issues my ac units. Prior companies gave me the run around and weren't honest or didn't fix my ac's. Found Polar Air through a friend 3 years ago and have been very satisfied since. They have always responded quickly, anytime of the day. Techs were knowledgable, didn't creep my wife out, and I never felt over sold on things. Polar Air is the best ac company I've found in my 15 years of being a homeowner in the Las Vegas valley!
1	Avoid at all costs! They misdiagnosed my problem and charged me thousands for repairs I did not need. My ac still doesn't work. These guys are scammers that take advantage of people. I hope you guys can sleep at night knowing you stole from a schoolteacher!
5	Service is great! Also on time and very friendly,tech was clean and treated use well.
5	I had an issue with my furnace not working properly. It was early afternoon on a Friday and Precision Plumbing said they couldn't make it out till the following Monday. I have two kids and needed to have it fixed as soon as possible. I called Leo at Polar Air told him my issue. He had John come out within an hour and a half. He was very professional,  repaired my furnace and didn't try to sell me a new one. Thanks Polar Air.
