5	Needed a formal dress pressed same day and they got me in and had the dress pressed an hour earlier than what I needed! They did a great job and it was less than 4.00 how can you go wrong with that! Amazing service at a fair price I have no complaints at all
5	I take dry cleaning and laundry to Cobblestone in Maricopa almost every week, so I know what I'm talking about when I say they do a fine job. Other than one lost pair of khaki shorts, for which we were fairly compensated, we have had no complaints and have been very happy with the quality of the dry cleaning and laundry and the service at the front desk. I purchased a membership, so my dry cleaning is slightly discounted, and i get a rebate toward future cleaning costs after reaching a certain level (I think it's $100). I do recommend this dry cleaning facility.
1	Absolutely the worst cleaners in the world. Great staff but the worst cleaners. I took 5 blazers in 2 weeks ago and the ruined the shoulder pads on all of them. And I hat to press all of them. I'll drive to phoenix and go to a real one. Don't go!
5	Friendly staff and they turn around very quick!  The main reason I felt compelled to post this is because I failed to pick up my dry cleaning on Saturday before an early morning flight - trip out of town.  There were specific company logo'd items that were at Cobblestone that I HAD TO HAVE for a trade show.  It was Sunday morning when I realized the dilemma and thought for sure I was screwed as they are closed on Sundays.  I found their website and sent an email message taking a shot in the dark.  To my surprise, one of the owners called me and said he would be glad to come in on Sunday and help me out!  They helped me out in a big way and I really appreciate the level of service they provided.  Prior to that I have always been happy with the service they provided.  I even offered to pay him for his time and he refused.  I am truly grateful and recommend them highly!
4	The staff is quite friendly. I've only used them to launder my comforters, but they do a good job. The only thing I would say is that they could be more accurate in their estimates on when things week be done. Verbally they give you the correct date, but on the receipt it's always like a week or two out. That's only a minor irritation for me though.
