5	I am not from Charlotte but while in town I needed a haircut and beard trim.  These guys are very friendly and very good at what try do. Everyone was professional and it was a great experience and a great haircut.
4	There are two No Grease options in the greater Charlotte area.This location had a pool table and a cool staff. Dominque is my barber of choice here and he manages the location. Haircuts are a lite pricey at $20+, but that's the norm for No Grease. Also, you have to make an appointment. Don't try to walk in.
5	Everything about this barber shop is classic. The style of the barbers, the pool table in the lounge, the offerings of beer/wine while visiting, and of course, the cuts. The experience they offer at No Grease is well above average. The attention to detail in the cuts, the warm lather on the neck after the cut, the friendliness of EVERYONE there, and not to mention the fact you're getting a stylishly a barber shop. Check out Tim, he's one of the longest barbers there, incredibly nice, and one a heck of a barber.
5	In Charlotte for the first time.. Decided to drop in. Although appointments are appreciated as the card says. My barber was Damien... Very professional and thorough in his barber skills. I got a lining and clean up on my beard, then went ahead and asked him to cut my hair down some. When it was all said and done; he did a magnificent job. I highly recommend this place. It has a great energy, the barbers are top notch, and the results are outstanding. I will definitely be returning. They got skills!
5	The service at this place is perfect. They asked if I would like a drink while I waited. I was only waiting for a friend to get his haircut because I was skeptical about the skill and service of this shop. Not only did the shop wow me they got a new client. My barbershop is the barbers lounge located in Carolina Place Mall. Even though my barber shop is great and classy "No Grease" takes the cake. I suggest this shop to any man looking for a great shop. Very classy & upscale place. Kitchen & open room to walk. Very spacious. All barbers are very skilled and talented. I can't wait until my next wolf session is over so I can come back & get a cut!
1	I wasn't expecting to get seen right away but when I give a receptionist my name and number and I never hear back that day...well.. So I walked into the location in Concord Mills (sorry couldn't find the listing for this one on Yelp) looking for someone to arch my struggle eyebrows. I recently had a baby and have neglected them for a long time. The sign detailing services clearly says they do eyebrow arching. I saw about three barbers who didn't have anyone in their chairs. I understand not everyone specializes in shaping eyebrows but you mean to tell me not one out of the three could do it? Or...whoever does it didn't have 10-15 minutes to do it? I'm just ticked off that I NEVER heard back and me and my family were in the mall for a while. I guess I didn't look classy enough when I walked in. I may look young but I am in my thirties and I tip well. It's ok though, I'll be spending my coins with the Asians.
