4	Service is always quick and pleasant.  Sandwich quality is inconsistent from visit to visit.  Quality seems to depend upon who is working.  Music can be a bit loud but that's normal for most all Jimmy Johns restaurants.
3	Lettuce, tomatoes, onions and cheese smacked between thick white bread.  It's nothing amazing, but gets the job done for this vegetarian.  Meh, 3 stars.
5	love this place. and this is just an observation...the guys who work there are always pretty attractive.
2	I've been a longtime customer of Jimmy John's across various Midwest states, and rarely do I have a bad experience.That being said, this particular location seems very inconsistent with quality. Delivery was quick, and the delivery guy wasn't rude (but also not what I would classify as friendly), but the taste left me disappointed. I ordered a veg sub and the avocado spread was WAY too salty. I ended up having to scrape it off just to salvage the rest of my mediocre meal. An hour after eating, I was ridiculously thirsty and remained so for most of the night.Also ordered an unwich for my dining companion, and the lettuce wrapped around his other sandwich ingredients was wilted and not that fresh.Thankfully there are other Jimmy John's in the area that I can turn to for (hopefully) better taste.
4	If I ran a restaurant, this is exactly how I'd run it.Ignore the food for a second. This business operates like a freakin' machine. All the employees are always working furiously to serve you, the customer. You're 3rd in line from the cashier? The folks at the sandwich line are already asking you what you want. Swiping your credit card for your sandwich? Yeah, it's probably already been made and waiting for you. I really like that the manager here is nice to everyone, but doesn't tolerate anyone screwing around and not working.The food? Always fresh and delicious. Not much else to say there.
5	When they say, " Freaky Fast Delivery" they aren't kidding!  Wow- I'm amazed by how quickly they delivered my delicious sandwich!
4	I've been fortunate to work next to a Jimmy Johns most of my working career.  There is something about the bread that makes the sandwiches absolutely delicious.  I always feel that the ingredients are much more fresh than Subway.  My favorite sub is the Italian night club, with hot peppers.  Overall, great sandwiches! Definitely a go to restaurant during lunch time!
5	True to their slogan, they are indeed freaky fast. (Freaky delicious, too)I seldom order at the actual store because my workplace tends to get party platters from them for the breakroom. But, I was showing a visiting relative around East Liberty recently and decided to show his taste buds the cacophony of delicious sandwiches Jimmy John's has to offer, so I nudged him into the shop. We ended up getting the Totally Tuna and the Vegetarian. I kid you not, three minutes into my conversation with said relative after ordering, our subs were done! This has possibly been the fastest service I have ever received. I left with my mouth still hanging in shock at the frightening speed that the team members worked.Now let's get talking about taste and quality of the actual subs.The bread crust is thin and gives in at the slightest bite, wherein which your teeth will sink into cottony soft goodness. You can always count on the veggies to be fresh and the meats full of flavor. They aren't stingy with the fillings either, each sub is literally jam-packed with meat and/or veggies, resulting in a very hearty meal for any occasion. If you're craving for a fresh and filling sub or sandwich at an affordable price and freaky fast service, then definitely give Jimmy John's a try!
4	I love that you can literally walk into this location and be out in about 5 minutes. There's never a line here even during a busy lunch or dinner rush. I always see at least 4 or 5 people behind the counter, either making the sandwiches or baking the bread. It's a small location so not the ideal indoor dining spot, but love that this is inside the bakery square plaza.I love that JJ's sells yesterday's bread for $0.49! I bought a few and they're still really soft.
2	For some reason they won't deliver less than a mile up the street on Penn. Apparently it's out of area or they don't want to associate with that neighborhood.
1	Normally I would give a five, but I was just at this location, about 20 minutes before closing. I was the only one there and ordered a Turkey Tom WITH onions and peppers to go. I just got home and there are no onions or peppers. Like, you were not making any other orders. Very disappointed, for the first time.
3	Fast and tasty - that's pretty much what they advertise. They lived up to that expectation today. We were at the Frick, checking out the place, but could not get into the Cafe, so we needed something to tide us all over while we waited for a tour. The Frick Park Market is closed until January 5, so that wasn't an option. We did a nearby search on Yelp to look for places we could get a small bite that wasn't a burger joint, and voila!We asked them to make a 15 piece party platter, and it was done in less than three minutes, and was well made and delicious. No, it's not a foodie paradise, but sometimes you just need decent food quickly - this is the place. Much fresher tasting than the leading sub sandwich competitor, where the options are so many and end up looking wilted and stale mid-afternoon.Yep - we liked it. Thanks guys!
