5	the tennis dept is much better than most sporting goods chains in the area. tennis staff actually play tennis and are well knowledgeable.
1	Went there yesterday.....very disappointed!  For "Superstore" the selection of golf clothing was horrible!  If you are not a male with a waist size over 40 you won't be able to find anything!  This is the Christmas buying season and the selection was poor and absolutely no sizes to choose from!  The men that work there (women too) could care less and ignore you.  they are too busy standing out front smoking with their gut hanging out!  Not worth the trip to go there and I would not recommend.
4	Just stopped in to look for a starter set of clubs for the little one. (since I was next door at The Range) Seen a set for about $185. Bill Stauffer (gave me his card) was helpful & also suggested a place to take classes. Friendly staff & no pressure to make a purchase, even though business was slow. I like the big screen in the lobby. (they had the football game on)
2	Not a bad stop if in Vegas. Tons of golf clubs to choose from and a really nice TaylorMade fitting/hitting room. Problem is you can get the same products cheaper online. Employees need a lesson in customer service as well.
4	Customer service was good.
5	Customer service here was awesome. Had Frank show me the Taylor Made set I wanted to try. Seemed very knowledgable. I'm not a very good golfer, but he explained things very clearly. He gave me a few tips without trying to give me a golf lesson. Showed me some differences in the different types of clubs, and helped me make an informed decision. No pressure sale, and didn't try to talk me into the most expensive clubs in the place. I'd recommend looking into this place if you're looking at getting a nice set of clubs.
5	We had a fantastic experience at this store!  My husband was wanting/needing a new set of golf clubs. We really weren't sure what type or specific clubs to get.  Walking in, I was intrigued by the huge showroom!  They had a room in the center to try out different types of clubs to test swing and feel.  This is great to actually see what level and clubs you should really be using.It was great to not be bombarded by salesmen with high pressure sales for commission.  We were able to walk around to browse.  After a while, Frank walked up to ask if we had any questions. He was fantastic!  He was very professional and so knowledgable about the new technology and how it applied to my husband's golf game.  We were able to test out the different types of clubs to see what felt comfortable.  After he showed us a few sets that he thought would work well with the level my husband was at.  It was comforting that he didn't lead us to the most expensive set in the store.  He explained very well why it would fit and fortunately it was on sale!  Finally a word I know well...  SALE!  Being the good wife I am, we purchased the new set with my husband grinning ear to ear!  Overall we had a wonderful experience here and would recommend going to see Frank for your golf needs.
3	I want to preface this review by saying that this is probably the best golf store in Vegas but I am originally from Los Angeles where its littered with mega stores like Roger Dunns and Golfsmiths.  Those stores are like heaven for a golf addict like myself.This location has a pretty extensive shoe and golf bag selection but the clothing selection for men are average.  I am a recovering club ho so I make it a point to avoid the equipment section at any golf store...but from the looks of it, the selection is solid and they have a relatively new looking Taylor Made club fitting area. I bought a golf bag here and was satisfied with the sales people.  They were helpful without hovering over me like vultures.
4	LVG&T is top-notch. I love coming in just to browse. More often than not, I end up buying something.My favorite thing here is the club building area. If you need new grips, shafts lengthened/cut, or anything else done come here (avoid places like Dick's and Golf Galaxy who'll charge an arm and a leg for services and take forever). LVG&T is very reasonable and in most cases they'll complete the work while you wait.The only thing I don't like is the partnership they have with Taylor Made. While TM has great equipment, I feel like LVG&T sometimes tries to push it over other brands. Overall, this is the best golf shop in town.
5	Great place.. I was away from my game for a couple years and got back in, decided I wanted new clubs. Went in browsed. Had a couple salesmen ask me is I wanted help. I declined and browsed..grabbed a few clubs and went to the practice area. Hit some balls another salesman came over set up the swing moniter and left me alone. I like to try things myself and don't need a salesman hovering. I checked inventory and got them to come to an acceptable price bought a new set of irons, woods and a driver. No pressure  buy extra crap. No pressure to purchase the clubs with the highest markup. My decision to purchase was done over a 3 or 4 visit period. They helped when I needed it and left me alone when I wanted. Also not a national chain like Dick's or Golf Galaxy. I will get any other clubs I want from them.
5	Awesome place. Large selection in golf clubs and tennis gear. Pretty good deals that I liked. Bill stauffer helped me and he was very knowledgable. You can get custom fitted for your clubs and they will order them for you. Very friendly and professional place.
