5	If you're looking for a casual restaurant with outstanding fried rice, vegetable tempura, chicken and beef teriyaki sticks, you can't go wrong with "Rice Trax".  It's located behind the "Outside Inn" so it may be a little hard to find.  They also make the chicken sticks tonkatsu and batter fried style with three types of sauces to dip into.  Their "Sin City Shrimp" was also a winner . . . a little spicy and sitting on a bed of guacamole to cool it off.  I couldn't get over how great the tempura batter was.  The owner- chef used to work at a large Japanese restaurant so everything is of the best quality and very delicious.
5	I don't normally write reviews, especially on fast food restaurants, however "Rice Trax" is worth it.  my family and i travel across town at least once a week to eat at this wonderfully new restaurant.  They have really, really good fried rice, but i always order the tempura fried rice.  They have awesome tempura!!!  Better than a lot of sushi houses here in town and much more affordable.  Their prices are excellent for the amount of food that you get!  A definite "must try" place!
4	I found out about this place because I bought a Groupon certificate $5 for $10. The format of the place is build your own Fried Rice. You choose your vegetables (up to 3), protein, rice and sauce. They also have robata and tempura made to order. 1st time - ordered the Kim Chi Fried Rice, and 2 Robata sticks. I really liked the Kim Chi Fried Rice and thought the robata was ok. 2nd time - ordered the Vege Fried Rice. It was a bit too salty for me and they didn't ask me which sauce. I think they defaulted to the teriyaki. Overall, I this place is ok and I would come back because of the variety of veges you can put in your order, such as edamame, green beans, broccoli, etc. You can also have the order with brown rice or a half and half mix.  FYI - they don't make it with any eggs which is not typical for fried rice. Tip: Don't stay in too long because ventilation is not so great and you can come out smelling like food for the rest of the day.
5	This place is bomb! Choose your vegetables and let them take care the rest. Good food!!!
4	1 star off the bat forlocation.. kinda hidden from the masses, but great for the neighborhood! :P we finally had take out for lunch from this cool new establishment around the corner, and I'm really glad that we did!  I was a little under the weather and my appetite was super annoying.. but I did enjoy it.my plate had [1] beef, [1] shrimp, and [1] chicken skewer, and a lot of kim chee fried rice. [I like my fried rice either sticky or not to moist.. and their rice was sticky but halfway to moist.. ] it was decent..the beef was so tender!! of the three.. the beef was my fav.  the chicken was juicy, and the shrimp was flavorful.   when my husband first opened it up, he was afraid that the beef & chicken wasn't going to be enough for him.. but it was.  we had a LOT of rice left over. I have yet to actually see the place and eat there... but after trying it for the first time and being totally satisfied, I'm sure it won't be long till I do!
4	I've been here twice so far and the food both times has been amazing. We always get the rice traxx bento which comes with rice, sausage, spam, garlic chicken, tempura sweet potato and marinated grilled beef. The beef is really tender and the marinade comes across like Korean bugogi. They also serve a "Korean" sauce option that sweet and savory and is my current favorite. The main event here at rice traxx though is the fried rice. You start by selecting from a wide range of veggies then choose your rice (they have brown for us health nuts), next up what sort of protein and how you want it prepared and then finally the sauce. It's fun experimenting with new combos and different flavors. I have gotten the grilled items and they are always tender and a little smoky. The best dish for me was the garlic chicken. These are huge pieces of fried chicken coated in a sweet salty garlic sauce and are best described ad fried chicken boulders. I love em! For dessert we had the tempura ice cream which had a crisp outside of tempura batter and rich ice cream inside. Get it, you won't be sorry. This place would so be a five but the inside is a little....basic. Throw a plant somewhere or something, but that being said the food here is the star of the show...that and the fun of creating your own rice dish.
5	Foods are so delicious!!! For dinner: kimchee fried rice and salad. For dessert: tempura ice cream (da BEST!) and can order sugar bites too, it's good!
4	Rice Trax is great for when you need something fast and easy.  It's a pretty small place but I'm sure it's more of a take-out place since the food was served in take-out containers.  It was empty when I went but don't be afraid! The food is good, and I normally don't like this kind of food.  I ordered the garlic bento box and there was a LOT of food for the price.  Enough for a second meal, easy.  The service was very quick and the people were very nice.I will definitely be back again to try out more of their menu.
4	This place has become my new favorite little pit stop before heading home from work.  They offer custom fried rice with a vegetable bar that you can choose from to mix into your order.  The real treasure to this place is their chicken katsu. It always comes out fresh hot and the chicken is always nice and juicy.  I would recommend getting the "make your own" which includes 4 skewers of your choice. For the skewer choices...try the chicken katsu, beef teriyaki, grilled shrimp, and battered chicken.  If you like kimchi fried rice, they can make that for you as well.  The only downfall i would say to this place is the intense oily smell if you decide to dine in.  The delicious katsu comes with a heavy price of making you smell afterward.  Therefore, get it to go!
2	We were the only customers this afternoon at this small, informal family-owned business.  You order at the counter and the meal is brought to the table when ready in a plastic takeout container.  We each ordered 4 sticks of yakitori chicken which comes with a small salad and white rice.  We also requested garlic sauce on the side. It was an enjoyable lunch but I would not be in a rush to return.
4	The fried rice was very tasty. Beef kabobs were great as well, however the shrimp kabob was very dry and tasteless.  The owners are very friendly and place looked clean.  We will definitely be coming back.
5	Michelle and Dean are such friendly people! Not only because they're from Hawaii, just in general! My bf & I did a build your own, and Michelle was so patient with us! She explained the entire process, because our hunger was getting the best of us, and we were confused reading the signs.So... You pick your sticks, you pick which way your sticks are prepared (grilled, katsu'd or battered), you pick the veggies for your fried rice, they have a choice of brown or white rice! Or a mixture of both... then, you pick what dipping sauces you want. I am EXTREMELY indecisive, so i requested a bit of each (teriyaki, garlic, katsu, korean, sweet chili). She was nice enough to do that for me! And THEN.. you wait, while you salivate, and listen to the music broadcasting through their laptop onto the speakers.  A few minutes passed... and then! Moment of truth.At first, when i opened it, i thought it was a bit small, BUT, after i started digging in, i realized it was the perfect amount! The salad was great, the skewers were perfect, and i even had some rice left over.I loved it so much my boyfriend and i returned later in the week and went for bentos.He got the furikake bento, and i got the mochiko. again, winners! Awesome flavors. By the way, my favorite sauces were the korean and garlic sauces. Yummmmm.Wish it was closer to home, that's all!
4	There was a "word of mouth" that this restaurant had good food. We came for dinner and I ordered the "Make your own" plate with brown rice (combined with corn, carrots and green unions) and grilled shrimp. I must say that it was AWESOME!!! I also tried the chicken katsu off my girlfriends plate and that was good too!!! I would recommend the grilled shrimp, battered shrimp and chicken!!!  I haven't tried the chicken katsu or the beef, so I will definitely come back again.I really don't have any negative feedback regarding this place other than their location. It is really hard to find. I'm definitely recommending this to my friends!!!
5	I can't believe they have been open for a year, and I never heard of it , until today:)!! Finally a bento like they have in Hawaii .      Garlic bento -garlic chix, teri beef, spam , hot dog ,sweet potato tempura and mac salad.       The garlic chix was crispy and flavorful as was the  teri beef sticks.         Mochiko bento- mochiko chix , teri beef , chicken katsu, shrimp tempura and mac salad  - This is my favorite the mochiko chix was cut into little pieces so the marinade soaked through. The chicken katsu was on a stick , first time ive seen this very impressed , the shrimp tempura was a nice touch.              Mac salad is an extra .50 charge, but worth it.    Both bento's had alot of food and looked really good like someone cared.  Someone in the kitchen, I'm pretty sure actually cooked in Hawaii, because the flavors and presentation was spot on.   I wish I found  Rice Trax sooner , I have a lot of catching up to do !!!!
4	Yummy! Best brown fried rice I ever tasted! Clean friendly staff
5	I wasn't in the mood to cook last night so I decided to try out Rice Trax.  I had purchased a Group-on last year, but never used it.  I decided to pick up a Garlic Bento and a Mochiko Bento ($8.95) so that my bf could choose which one he wanted.  The Garlic Bentro came with 3 pieces of garlic chicken (deep fried chicken in sauce), 2 beef skewers, 1 hot dog, 2 slices of spam, 2 pieces of sweet potato tempura, green salad and furikake rice.  The Mochiko bento came with little pieces of mochiko chicken, 2 skewers of chicken katsu, 2 pieces of shrimp tempura, green salad and furikake rice.  Very yummy.  I will visit again especially since it's about 3 minutes away from home.
5	amazing food, amazing service! I was a little confused about the menu at first but with some help from the awesome staff I got  a make your own plate with veggies, beef teriyaki and white rice. It was delicious! Not greasy, prepared fresh and a great portion size! Now, we go here at least once a week. My fiance gets the furikake bento and he loves it! I highly recommend this place!
5	Bento's just like that have in Hawaii!!! But I always get a garlic chicken plate with kimchee fried rice.  The chicken is nice and crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. And the garlic sauce is money!!! The kim chee fried rice is good, I like mines a lil less spicy, but I still end up eating my whole plate.One time I ordered take-out for lunch and they accidentally gave my order to someone else so I had to wait few minutes more which I didn't mind. For the inconvenience they gave me free tempura. Great food, great service!
4	So I decided to give this place another try, and it was much better the second time around!!I ordered the Garlic Bento, which came with:-Garlic Chicken: crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. Great sauce!-Teriyaki Beef (on skewers): same as the last time. I still think it needs more Teriyaki flavor, then it would be perfect!-Spam: well, I am from Hawaii, so of course I love Spam!-Hot Dog: just a regular hot dog, but a nice addition to the bento.-Sweet Potato Tempura: I don't really like sweet potato, so I gave it to my husband. -House Salad: lettuce is thinly sliced and easy to eat. Good dressing!  This place is a little far from where I live, but definitely worth the drive whenever I happen to be really hungry and in the mood for a good bento. Friendly service, clean restaurant and generous portions that will make your tummy happy! I'm glad I finally found something very good and tasty! Next time I will try the Katsu Curry Bento!
4	A bunch of us from work came here for lunch. Everyone did bentos, I wanted to be different and went with the Yakitori chicken plate. From what I saw and heard everyone's plates were loaded with a ton of food, which made me feel happy because i hadn't gotten my plate  yet. The Mochiko Bento $8.95 came with a bunch of mochiko chicken pieces, teriyaki beef and chicken katsu skewers, a couple pieces of shrimp tempura, and some salad and rice. The Furikake bento for $8.95 came with beef and chicken teriyaki shewers, some furikake shrimp which looked like shrimp fried in some batter and furikake, and some salad and rice. For bentos you can add kim chee or pork fried rice for a couple dollars or mac salad for 50 cents. However I was kind of bummed when my plate came because everyone's plates were so huge compared to mine then again I did pay less. The Yakitori chicken plate, was ok and was about $7. It came with 4 yakitori chicken skewers which was kinda dry and need some more taste, some salad and other veggies, and probably too much rice for the amount of other ingredients. I was jealous and should have copied everyone else. At least now I know what to order next time. You can also create your own fried rice starting at around $7.
4	This place was another hole in the wall for me that I had to review it.  I've been on a craving for Hawaiian plate lunches, and believe me when I tell you that this place put those cravings to rest.  Although it's kind of in a hidden area, where not much things are going on, the food has really got it going on.  The decor has been the same with most fast food Hawaiian joints, like back home they stuck to keeping it plain and simple.  Hopefully the ambiance does improve but for now I'm not complaining.  With no line to my food, I order with one thing on my mind. GARLIC CHICKEN, say it with me OHHHHHH YEAH!The Garlic Bento consisted of 2 teri beef sticks, 2 spams, 2 hot dogs, 2 garlic chicken, your choice of fried/kimchi/brown/steamed rice, salad, and tempura sweet potatoes.  I could careless about the salad and the potato, but the amazing part of this dish was the kimchi fried rice and the garlic chicken. Crispy juicy, tender, amazing....say it with me again, OHHHHH YEAHHH! Each bite was a mind blowing experience, I admit I am hooked and addicted.  The menu has more choices of bento boxes already premade and I think there's an option to make your own plate.  I also see other hawaiian delicacies apart of the menu.  If you're eve on this side of town, give it a shot! You won't go wrong. I hope this place sticks around, because I'd be really disappointed if it didn't. The whole concept is GENIUS!
4	This little spot is hidden away on the corner of Jones & Robindale. My first time checking out the place, I walked into a small dinning area (maybe seating at most 20 or even less).  Looking at their menu, they offered different kinds of bento boxes & trax fried rice.Breaking down trax fried rice, you basically choose 3 veggies to be mixed into your fried rice, which you can also choose white or brown rice (how awesome!). Then you get your choice of shrimp, beef, chicken, which can be prepared: grilled, battered, or katsu. Oh man...the options! So I decided on shrimp & chicken all grilled. They serve your food in a black to-go container whether you're having it there or to go.  So, it did take a bit of time to get the food, but it was understandable since there were no empty seats in the house when I got there.  Anyhow, the food was great. The fried riced was a great portion & soo yummy. Totally hit the spot. I did like the shrimp & chicken skewer, which you get 4 of, but unfortunately it wasn't enough meat to go along with the rice. That made me kind of sad, but for the price and the left over fried rice I had, I didn't mind so much.  OH! I also forgot that they have yummy dipping sauces you can chose to dip your tasty proteins in too. I got the sweet chili & garlic sauce. Both were good.
5	I will start by saying that this is my FAVORITE local "Hawaiian" plate lunch joint that I have had in Vegas to date.  I have been here a few times and am finding myself to be somewhat addicted!I've had the opportunity to try the garlic bento and the mochiko bento.  Both of which are fantastic.  The garlic bento comes with their GARLIC CHICKEN which is definitely the highlight of the dish.  I can't express how BOMB it is... crispy outside, soft juicy inside, and an amazing garlic glaze. The bento also comes with teriyaki beef, spam, a hot dog, and sweet potato tempura.  The mochiko bento had mochiko chicken, chicken katsu, teriyaki beef, and shrimp tempura (yes -- portions are generous so I usually will take home leftovers).Now, the bentos normally come with white rice, however, please take advantage of the opportunity to sub one of their fried rices (which are also deeelish).  I have tried the pork fried rice and the kim chee fried rice. I loved both it just depends on my mood.So for all you out there who appreciate a good plate lunch like I do, this place definitely beats out Aloha Kitchen, Island Flavor, etc etc.  Their selection isn't as vast, but for what they do serve, the food definitely beats out all the competition in my opinion.  I have feeling this place is gonna blow up real soon if hasn't started to already. A++++
5	Super bomb plates!! Get the pork fried rice with any bento and your pretty much hooked! Call ahead to avoid any waiting but trust me the food is worth any wait!
5	Onolicious! My son heard about this place from his cousin and so we went on an adventure to find it.  Although it's a distance from his house, we made the trek and am so glad we did! The portions are huge! The food will absolutely "brok da mout"! All of the food descriptions are on the money as far as what to expect!  Everything was superb!  The staff were pleasant and friendly!  Mahalo nui loa!
4	This place is going to make me fat.  SO GOOD.Rice Trax seems to specialize in the Hawaiian plate and damn do they have some good ones.  I ordered the katsu curry plate while my boyfriend tried the mochiko.  The katsu curry plate includes a huge glob of white rice, a large helping of katsu chicken pieces, macaroni salad, and salad.  The katsu was crispy and the curry had a nice kick.  The macaroni salad was flavored nicely-- meaning it didn't just taste like mayonnaise.  Brown rice is an option...so...that'll make it healthier, right? Right?The mochiko bento, however, is my favorite so far. It includes tasty, crispy nuggets of unbreaded chicken along with beef Teriyaki, chicken katsu on a stick, rice and two large pieces of shrimp tempura.  Yes, the mochiko bento should be included in "This is Why Your Fat."   So greasy and om nom.The restaurant isn't fancy but you can have the Vegas al fresco dining experience (aka eating at tables in the strip mall parking lot).  I'll be back to continue my trajectory to heart attack city.
5	Rice Trax is SO ADDICTING!! And I leave with a happy food baby EVERY TIME!! xD This small mom and pop's take out restaurant is by far the most amazing "Hawaiian"/"Japanese" lunch place I've been to in Vegas. The food is absolutely fresh each time and sizzling hot (so if you're eager to eat, don't burn your tongue!) - the ONLY downfall is that it takes a while to get your food, BUT its well worth the wait, and if you are in a hurry, then call and order ahead of time. I love the Mochiko Bento with Kim Chi Fried Rice (the total meal costs about $10) and includes a scoop of crispy chicken pieces (my favorite of the bunch and goes great with the fried rice), 2 shrimp tempura, 2 HUGE chicken katsu on a stick, 2 sticks of beef teriyaki pieces, and a side scoop of salad. It also comes with 2 side dipping sauces - 1 thick sauce and 1 more liquid sauce. I'm not really a fan of the sauces, but the food stands great alone anyway.
5	First review.This place is the best Hawaiian BBQ plate lunch-style restaurant in the Las Vegas Valley.  The food is spectacular and the price is jaw dropping.  I've ordered a few things off of their menu, and haven't been disappointed.  The first time here was with my girlfriend, I ordered the Garlic Bento and she ordered the Furikake Bento.  We both went with different options on the fried rice, pork fried rice for me and Kim Chee fried rice for her.  Both dishes came out magnificent.  Everything was hot, the garlic chicken had an excellent crisp.  The beef was tender and very flavorful.  Her shrimp was breaded to perfection, and it came with a well balanced tartar sauce which gave the dish a good contrast in tastes.  The fried rice was no where near soggy, and the spice from the Kim Chee was just right.I've eaten Kim Chee fried rice at Korean restaurants, and those fried rices have not measured to what you can get at Rice Trax.Try the Mochiko bento too, the Katsu is awesome and the Mochiko chicken is amazing.Reminder: Great food takes a little while to prepare, you must allow these wonderful people the proper time frame to make your food.  Wait times on plates are 20-25 minutes, call ahead if you can't wait that long.  Believe me, the wait and the price is WELL worth the product.  You should not criticize if your order takes a while to produce, go to McDonalds if you want something in 30 seconds.
4	A good alternative to Aloha Kitchen and L&L if you are craving Hawaiian Japanese food!Ordered the mochiko bento with brown rice and mac salad- it was TONS of food. Couldn't finish it.. had the rest for breakfast the next day! Meal cost about $9.00+ .. Word of advice- not the place to go if you are trying to diet :-PI would def come back and try out there other bentos..!
4	I had the mochiko bento lunch - DAMN tasty!  If you are in LV and want a delicious lunch for under $10 be sure to stop by!  I'm in LV all too often (not my fave place, sorry); Rice Trax just got added on to my "eat here when you're in town" list!  And it's just down the street from the office, too!
5	GREAT FOOD! My roommate and I hqve eaten here for lunch and dinner for the past few days. We have tried it all. Our favorite is the Machiko Bento!!!please go everyone!! Awesome!!! And yay, I live within walking distance!!! Yay!
4	Tasty, good prices, excellent kimchi rice.  Really enjoyed everything ordered.
5	man, i love the food here!my fav is the mochiko bento with substituted kimchi fried rice.  LOVE the rice.  its such a great price - i've paid much more for worse tasting food.    the bento is pretty big... it comes with 2 shrimp tempura, two chicken katsu's on a stick, 2 sticks of beef teriyaki, and some salad.  the fried food here is just so damn crispy and the teriyaki sticks are so flavorful.  it reminds me of filipino bbq sticks, just not as fatty.  it also comes with these little crispy pieces of kind of a teriyaki flavored chicken (not sure of the exact name of it).  the food doesn't get soggy at all if your doing take out.  rice trax is NOT healthy - thats why its tastes so good.they cook your food to order i think.  thats a good thing (the food is fresh!) but also a bad thing if your in a hurry.  food does kind of take long to get, so i would recommend placing your order in advance.  place is nice and clean too.  (one thing - you leave there smelling like food for sure!).  one thing though - its kind of hard to miss so be on the look out on the corner of jones and robindale.i really appreciate it when mom and pop places produce awesome and great tasting food.  i'll be back again and again.... i want everyone i know to taste the food here.
5	We just tried it, been open for over a year and we never heard about it until we happened to drive by, after a quick review on Yelp, of course we stopped in.  Boy, what we been missing.  It's a small little place with a few tables, big menu, and lots to chose from, you can make up your own bento combo, or take one of the standard.  I got the mochiko bento, which had the mochiko chicken, teriyaki beef, chicken katsu, shrimp tempura and mac salad..  It was delicious.  Reminded me of Hawaiian bento's.  Good people, great service, we'll be back!
4	Good food.  The chicken and beef that comes on the stick is actually very good.  It's not the cheap junk that you get at most places.  Very good texture and flavoring.The shrimp though, not so much.  It comes heavily breaded which I am not a fan of at all - although this is well done.  I prefer more of a light batter but will just steer clear of this next time.The fried rice is excellent but a little spendy.
5	I love rice trax! With the convenience of the location just being right across from my place, I tend to go here to get my quick jap fix. I normally get the garlic or mochiko bento w/ kimchee fried rice. Rice is a must try!
5	Uhmmmm, I think I've found a place I like more than Island Sushi and Island Flavor combined. That's insane, right?!!Def helps that I love chicken katsu curry, garlic chicken, and tempura and this place has the best of these things that I've had in Vegas!If you've read my review of local foods near and far, I'm always on the search of Japanese curry like that of Curry House back home in Hawaii. And I've found it...HALLELUJAH!!!!!The curry was spicy and the chicken katsu was juicy and breaded very well. All it needs is that pickled stuff and it would be better than Curry House. In fact, I'll be bold and say that they're BETTER THAN CURRY HOUSE!Their garlic chicken was juicy and breaded well, also. Not too much sauce and just enough to not overwhelm the palette, like what Island Sushi's garlic chicken sometimes does.Nephew loved the beef sticks that came with this bento! He ate more of that than the teriyaki spam...which is kinda bonkers cuz my nephew lives/loves spam.The kim chee fried rice was good and spicy. You can choose your veggies that go in the fried rice.Kind of a hole in the wall spot that's very "Hawaii" and I even saw 2 ppl I knew from Hawaii that I hadn't seen since I moved here. Yep, it's that kind of place.....if you know what I mean.... (looking at all u Hawaii ppl, you guys know!)Before getting our food, we kept seeing other tables' foods and boyyyyyyyy, I realllllyyyy wanna eat their tempuras next! Especially their tempura fried rice!Got to try the sweet potato tempura from our bento box, and that was soooooooooooooooo crispy. Menu isn't that big which is good cuz then I'll have a better chance of trying everything on there lol
5	I haven't been keeping up on my yelp reviews unfortunately but I have to admit that any place I find that I frequent 5 times in under 2 weeks means it must be good!!!I started moving on December 19th and after making on trip I pulled into a parking lot right near my new house. I wasn't quite sure what I would find but wanted to know what my choices were going to be going forward in the future..I spotted Rice Trax at the back of the complex; it was behind a gas station as well as Outside Inn. I was a little wary so I did a quick google search and all the great Yelp reviews came up so I decided it was worth a shot.I walked in and not sure what to order I asked the girl behind the counter for help. I really didn't want anything deep fried, so she suggested I try the fried rice.The fried rice is build your own. You get 4 skewers of meat, chicken shrimp or beef, as well. After you have picked the meat, you choose 3 vegetables (I chose peas, green onions, and broccoli) and a sauce. She suggested the garlic sauce as their house special.They make everything to order so I sat to wait. In under 10 minutes my food was ready to go. I took home eat as I watched a movie and was thrilled at my meal.. I have taken a bunch of people there with me since, and others have gone as a result of my tweets and pictures... LOVE THIS PLACE!!
5	Yep, I would like to eat here every week. I would say everyday but, that would be exaggerating it a bit. *not really*I always find anyone/anyway possible to eat here lolAfter hiking at Red Rock, the topic of lunch came up and my suggestion was this place....and despite the half hour distance, I won =)Got the garlic chicken bento with a side of onion tempura. You can choose ur veggies for the tempura which got me all flustered because I wanted alllllll the veggies tempura'd.....was hoping for one of everything tempura'd but, since they were out of brocolli, I had to go with onion tempura (onion rings/not really/almost). Swear, I love their garlic chicken but, I shoulda went with my friends order.He got the mochiko bento with a side of curry. And in looking at his meal, I think that's the best bet of a meal. You get the mochiko (delish!), chicken katsu (my fave katsu in Vegas), and the curry (ur own chicken katsu curry). Altho my complaint with the curry was it was sooooo little...it wasn't enough to feed the curry craving.I have yet to try the tempura fried rice. I'll be here next week. And by next week, I mean, tomorrow!
3	Food as pretty good. Ordered Kimchee fried rice and garlic chicken. Kimchee fried rice was pretty good ( but i make way better ) The garlic chicken's batter was a little too thick for me. Would've given it four stars but the service was lacking. I told the woman at the counter that it was my first time here and came after reading the good reviews on yelp. She barely acknowledged that i even spoke. whatever...anyway I asked for a side order of kimchi and she said it was not for sale and they only used it to make their fried rice. I actually thought she was kidding but when I got home..no side of kimchi! Really? Well it was a little far for me anyway but now they have lost me for sure.
5	i live right by this place so i eat here at least once a week for i always tend to get the furikake bento and some sweet potato tempura on the side. i love how the owners actually are the cooks. everything is portioned out so everytime you go there its always the same size. i know when you go to places like L&L or Ohana its always in consistent. now my fiance always seems to get something different for i seem to try what she gets. the fried rice is also very good! dont forget the sin city shrimp.
5	I'll just add to the wave to great reviews...  This place really is awesome.  The kimchee fried rice is so good and the garlic chicken is 'broke da mout' good.  What really makes this place special is that everything is good in the bentos.  Not just the main part, but all the sides are great too.  The yakitori beef skewers are very tender, the salad dressing is tasty, the tempura is very fresh and delicious.  I really enjoy this place.
5	To good to write much, to busy munching on great FOOD!!!!!! Love the service and amount of food given! wow. love it.
5	I finally passed by Rice Trax when they were open but I had just left a UYE only a few minutes before. So my excuse for stopping was I had to bring some food home for everyone else.I ordered a couple of Mochiko and Furikake bentos. I know I just ate but it smelt so good on the ride home that I had to sample some. The best part of the Mochiko bento were the big pieces of chicken katsu and shrimp tempera.  The best part Furikake bento were the furikake shrimp and dipping sauce.  So delicious, Rice Trax has some of the best bentos in Vegas definitely. I still haven't had their fried rice I will be coming back soon.
4	I guess I didn't realize how unhealthy Hawaiian cuisine was until I went here :)  Not that I'm complaining.  It's a limited menu but everything is delicious.  We had one of the bentos with spam, hot dogs, garlic chicken and teriyaki beef.  I wouldn't say the chicken was very garlicy, but was super crunchy and delicious.  We also built our own fried rice and had grilled chicken with sweet chile sauce.  Very good and a lot of food for your money.  We will probably be back, maybe after a night of heavy drinking.  :)
5	Very good Hawaiian style teriyaki plate lunch.  This place is definitely a bit different than your standard lunch fare.The garlic chicken plate is really good.  The mochiko plate was good too, but I thought the chicken katsu was a little dry.  Their tempura choices a varied and very good as well.  Being able to throw various fried rice onto your plate is also a very nice option.Been there 3 times already.  Definitely worth a try.
4	Two words: Chicken Katsu! Wow after reading all the reviews on this place I finally decided to check it out. If you like local grindz (Hawaiian food), definitely give this place a try. I ordered the mochiko chicken bento with kimchi fried rice, and whew I was struggling to get through it but I didn't want to stop eating. You definitely get what you pay for! I enjoyed the bento because you pretty much got to sample all the meats and had a choice of what type of rice you wanted. I will say that the chicken katsu was awesome. It had a crispy batter and moist inside so the chicken was not dry. Screw Raising Cane's, I think I'll go to Rice Trax when I have a craving for chicken fingers! The kimichi fried rice was also enjoyable but not as spicy as I would have liked, thank goodness for Sriracha! The teri beef skewer was tender and easy to eat! Sorry Mochiko but you were overpowered by Katsu!I would definitely be back to try some other combos. I do like the fact that it is a create your own fried rice. Yes you get charged for additional toppings outside of the 4 meat skewers & 3 veggies, and your own sauce but really who needs that many toppings? Plus for those that are health conscious, they do offer white or brown rice so that's always a plus! The decor isn't anything fancy or amazing so I would suggest take-out. The cashier was friendly and helped us through the ordering process.
4	After reading a lot of great reviews and seeing check-in after check-in by my friends, I decided to check this place out. I probably would've checked it out a lot sooner had it not been for the fact that it's kind of out of the way from my house, but better late than never! I came here with my parents and ordered the Furikake Bento and the Mochiko Bento. I was first surprised by the inexpensiveness of their bentos (8.95) and the variety of the items included in each. When our order arrived, I was again pleasantly surprised by the amount of food! Their portions are pretty big! Being that it was my first time, I didn't stray too far with the substitution options they had. While the substitutions have an additional price, (i.e. kimchi fried rice, macaroni salad) it is good to note that they have options--Especially for the health conscious individuals. One downside I did find was that I left the place smelling of food. While I'm sure it is hard to ventilate a small place with an open kitchen that prepares their food the way they do, you might not want to dine in unless you plan for others to smell everything you ate on your clothes. Thank goodness for TO-GO!
4	This place is the rice equivalent of Subway: choose your rice (white or brown), meat, and 3 veggies and the cook will fry it all up for you.  I elected to have brown fried rice with grilled chicken and veggies (red and yellow peppers and carrots).  Decent portion size and tasty.  Instead of being fried with the rice and veggies, the chicken comes on a skewer and is accompanied by your choice of dipping sauce (I chose Korean sauce).  Hubby got the garlic bento box (assortment of meats and rice) and actually finished the lot (pig!).  Impressive, considering the amount of food!The joint is small and nondescript, situated in a little strip mall on Jones.  While the food was very good, the floors and tables were a bit sticky, which distracted me a bit from the yummy food.  I may not choose to eat in next time, but would definitely consider takeaway, next time I want fried rice.
5	This place is everything I love in a restaurant, quick, cheap, and huge, I mean HUGE PORTIONS!I walked in and looked at the menu and just stared.........I couldn't figure out what I wanted, because really, I wanted one of everything.  Unfortunately I don't have a bovine stomach, so I had to choose just one.  The Mochiko bento box!  The bento boxes come in a partitioned styrofoam box with salad on one of the small sections, sauces in covered cups in the other side, and on the big half of the box, rice seasoned with furikake topped with all the meat.  Get this.  2 skewers of Mochiko battered white meat chicken, 2 skewers of teriyaki beef, and a pile of chicken katsu.  Mochiko chicken?!?!  What are you?  Why have I never seen you before?  Chewy and crispy at the same time, you're like a culinary paradox of deliciousness!  The chicken katsu is small pieces of chicken versus individual tenders battered and fried, and it makes so much sense to do that that way, because you get more crispiness per square inch that way. The teriyaki beef was on the dry side, so not soaked in sauce, and that was a good thing.  Just slightly more well done than I usually like, otherwise still good.  Oh, I almost forgot the salad, it was iceberg covered in a ginger dressing.  I ate the whole thing of salad.  Rice with furikake?  Thumbs upskis!I couldn't finish my food in one shot.  So I gladly took it home and had it for lunch the next day.  So come to Rice Trax if you want to make yourself a food baby for not a lot of money!  I did, and I'm planning to come back for either the Garlic bento or the make your own fried rice. BTW, they have brown rice!  If you're into that sorta thing....Go White rice!!
5	Glad I finally stopped by this place because now I can get my plate lunch fix close to home!  Mahalos Rice Trax!Been there a few times, mochiko combo w/Kim chee fried rice the first time... Ono!  Second time was the bento with furikake shrimp... And they don't hold back, you definitely get your money's worth here. Ordered it with pork fried rice the second time, enjoyed that more.  Chicken Katsu they make on skewers and it's some of the juciest I've had, good stuff.  Sugar bites are like mini malasadas with cinnamon or sugar.Took my dad here when he visited from HI, very picky about his fried rice and needless to say we picked up 3 times when he was here for a week.They also just started a frequent visit card thing, good thing because I'll be going back.
5	The Mochiko bento is yummy! It came with Mochiko chicken which is super crunchy! It also comes with beef, chicken Teriyaki,  and shrimp tempura. The portions are huge and delicious!  I would love to come back and try their fried rice. The food along with the portions are a great deal!
5	Very Friendly Staff, Big Portions, and Food is tasty what more could you ask for from a restaurant.   This place is great and I can't wait until next time I travel to Vegas to try the Garlic Bento Box.
5	After hearing all the rave reviews on Yelp and noting the proximity to my house, I was on a mission to try this place. We ordered a little of everything to try as much as possible. The service was friendly and I was extremely impressed the make your own fried rice option. You pick the ingredients you want, which I love, kim chee or jalapeno are a must!My mom and fella were huge fans of the garlic chicken. It was quite tasty, but I enjoyed the katsu with curry. I can't wait to try the Mochiko chicken bento that everyone raves about. For the amount of food you get and how fresh and made to order it is, I think it's a pretty good value. My meal was enough for two meals. Definitely delicious, I'll be back soon.
4	Yummy teriyaki. If you like garlic, this is your place to try. Their shrimp tempura is tasty!
4	Yummy!!! Rice Trax has become a favorite of ours when we want some serious grub. I love that they have a fried rice bar in which you can pick 3 indredients that your want in your own personal fried rice - you can add more for a small price. And, did I mention that the fried rice is so flavorful? - not bland at all - no need to add soy sauce - That's the one thing that I hate when going out and paying for food - Why should I pay you to make my food but then I still have to season it ? - Naw, I want my food ready for grubbing action immediatley!!!!All the meat options are on shish kabob sticks except for the mochico chicken. The chicken and beef are so tender and when dipped in one of their several sauces - Ohh Baby.... THEY USE WHITE MEAT CHICKEN - more healthier and my fav!!!The Furikake Shrimp dipped in the special sauce is so ono!!!The salad dressing is good too - to tell you the truth I never ate anything here that I didn't like/enjoy.Some people don't like when they are dining inside and the food is served in to-go containers but on the flip side I really like it that way, cause when it's time to go your leftovers are packed already and guess what ? No one has to wash any dishes....Yeah - you need to go to Rice Trax and get your grub on- wish they were open on Sundays too...
5	Always pleased with Rice Trax!My girlfriend and I always passed Rice Trax, and finally gave it a whirl after coming across a coupon.  We weren't too sure what to expect, as other Asian grill-style places in the area have been "so-so." But we were pleasantly surprised - we were starving and Rice Trax def delivered!!! First of all the place was super-clean, staff was helpful in explaining the menu options, and the food was AWESOME!  The fact that you get to design your own rice bowl - with meat, 3 veggies, rice style, and sauce- is fantastic!!!  The skewered grilled chicken and grilled beef are awesome - lean but tender!  Rice is great and veggies look bright and fresh!!!We have been back several times and will continue to make frequent visits in the future - coupon or not - LOL!!!!!
5	Very good food. Freshly made the way you want it. Thank goodness I didnt have to pick through my rice for stuff i didnt like. Prices are great. For one plate we can share with 3 people. Literally could share.
5	Garlic chicken is the best thing here. My girl and I shared two meals to go and the best thing I ate was the garlic chicken by far. The next day I was craving it again. I just can't get enough of the stuff.
5	So far the best Tempura shrimp I found in town! Bento Boxes are a great  delicious deal too.
5	A+ Teriyaki!  Best I have found in town.  Give it a try and you will not be disappointed.
5	Why did no one tell me about this place? lolI stumbled upon the reviews while searching for a tasty place near my house and decided to give it a try. I got the mochiko bento like the tips said, and it was amazing. So much variety of meats and every one of them was oh so good~The next day I got the furikake bento. The dipping sauce for the shrimp? mhm~ it is spicy but not too spicy to make you cry and the crunchiness of the furikake shrimp is great. Nothing is left to be thrown out except the non-edible skewers and utensils. Even now as I'm writing this review I just want to run out of my house and get some more bento. Haha.
5	so frickin glad i found this place! it's heaven among sin city. WOW!!! KAPOW! This place will have you sayin stupid words like this after you've experienced their eats! Small joint, nothing special from the outside at all. Looks like a typical fast food type atmosphere. BUT IT ISN'T! Had to try out some Kimchee fried rice with my Mochiko chicken, shrimp tempura, beef teriyaki, and salad. Now if you've been to other Japanese/Hawaiian type restaurants, you'll know that Bentos are already  pretty big for a relatively low price. Rice trax gives you some extra flavorful fried rice (pick your own rice and 3 ingredients) and comes with all the stuff mentioned for 9.49+tax! It's a steal. I eat a lot, i finished it all, but it had me full and coma like.. I had to guess maybe 3 pounds of food. It could feed 2 small girls, or 4 children... seriously it is a top 5 restaurant that i've been to since moving to Vegas. i will frequent this place for a long long time. also check out Yayo Tacos and I Love Sushi..some places that were super good but not as exciting as Rice Trax. Why has Guy Fiery not found this place? Step ya Game up boy!!!
5	One of my favorite chicken dinners at my mother in law's when I lived in Hawaii was her mochiko chicken.  So when we came here for dinner and it was on the menu, I thought why not give it a try, after all, it had a been a while since I had had some.I got the Mochiko Bento, with mochiko chicken, beef teriyaki, chicken katsu, shrimp tempura and mac salad.  It also came with fried rice and you got to choose the ingredients. Everything was very tasty and fresh.  I love that they make up the fried rice, made to order and you get to select your own.  Did it past the test, yes, it was as good as mom's!  And this place is a lot closer.
4	if ur craving mitsuken style garlic chicken...u'll be disappointed. other then that, the mochiko chicken and katsu curry was delish. next time, we're trying the fried rice.
4	I was sitting at my desk and a couple coworkers came back to the office groaning and talking about this place.  I asked them where did you go?  This is how I learned about this place.  I thought to my self: "I want to go to there!"  So, it was a Saturday and I told the wife we are going to get fried rice at this place.  We loaded up the family and went on our mission.  We walked in and the girl at the counter was friendly.  I didn't know what to order but I actually knew what to order.  (Does that make sense?)  I had to order the Mochiko Bento.  There are about 35 pics of this box on Yelp.  So I ordered the infamous Mochiko with kimchi fried rice.  I absolutely love KIMCHI!  I was very excited to try it.  They ask you what vegetables you want and put it on your plate.  My wife ordered the tempura plate with regular fried rice.  After we ordered we immediately noticed that they didn't have any high chairs.  This was tough because we have a 1 year old.  We ended having her sit on our laps and we rotated so each of us could eat.  The portions were huge! especially with the Mochiko bento.  This place was awesome.  I would of given it 5 stars if they had high chairs.  We also waited a long time for the food.  I am not against waiting if the food is going to be great, but it seemed like we waited a looong time.  So if you are in the area you HAVE to eat here!  Cheers!
5	Simply the best place I've eaten at in Vegas. I will be back and back and back for more. Don't be fooled that it is a generic looking Teriyaki place in a strip mall. The food is FRESH and it is awesome. I will break my diet and eat carbs just for Rice Trax. It's a local joint that seemed to have a loyal following. Thank you Yelp for helping me find this great establishment.
4	I had shunned this place previously....due to earlier reviews when they first opened, but my boyfriend ordered to go for us from here...and I am SOO WRONG! I hate admitting that....but the food here is quite tasty.  My favorite is the mochiko chicken...tender fried chicken with sweet/garlic flavor.  The furikake shrimp and grilled chicken skewers are really good as well.  The beef was okay, just a little dry and not quite as tender as I would like.  The salad was probably the most disappointing part...shredded iceberg lettuce..but the dressing was tasty.  Overall, for a fast food type joint...I'll be back for some more mochiko chicken and grilled chicken skewers!
5	I felt compelled to write my first ever yelp review because I want this establishment to succeed and be around for a long, long time.  I wanted to reinforce pretty much what all the other reviewers have already posted about how great this place is.   A friend of mine told me about this place and I can't believe I passed it so many times!  It's family owned by people from Hawaii and they really know what locals in Las Vegas are looking for in a plate lunch/bento.  The food is fresh, tasty, plentiful and inexpensive.  Everything, and I mean EVERYTHING, on the menu is delicious and flavorful.  It is not a huge menu and they are better off for that because whatever they make is good.  The seating and decor is clean and nondescript.  The counter service is friendly and efficient.  You simply cannot ask for anything more.The shrimp tempura, chicken katsu curry, garlic chicken and mochiko chicken are the best in town for take-out joints.I may write a review for Poke Express too because it's another fantastic eatery that is family owned by friendly folks from Hawaii.
5	The mockico bento with fried rice is where it's at.
5	This place is great! Food is top knotch and happy, friendly service will keep me coming back for more!
5	This place is awesome.  Great bentos and lots of options. The garlic chicken and Kim-Chee fried rice are my favorites. The garlic chicken is moist inside with a crispy crust and a tasty sauce. Also try their Mochiko chicken and various tempuras. You won't be disappointed!
5	Mildly embarrassed to say that I had dreams about this place after eating there the first time.  This is definitely a new favorite!
3	This place is a quick serve Japanese restaurant and kinda Hawaiian style.  I like this place more than 3 stars.  The service was friendly and I appreciate a place that is different.  They had some interesting menu items and I went with the grilled chicken yakitori.  Chicken skewers on rice and a side salad.  The chicken was dry and not a lot of flavor.  I liked everything about this place except the chicken just didn't taste good.  I would go back but it is on the other side of town.  I would like to try different menu items.  I really appreciate a family owned place like this that is a little different, but unfortunately the chicken just didn't taste very good.
4	Soo yummy!Rice Trax is a really unassuming-looking restaurant in a strip mall but it is super delicious and highly recommended. I had the katsu curry which was really good but a HUUUUUGE portion. My husband had another bento and i can't remember which but i THINK it was the mochiko. It had a variety of different things, all of which were very tasty and i kept stealing bites of his. The plain white rice was topped with furikake which was a nice added touch. We also tried a garlicky shrimp appetizer that was yummy, but overall we just had too much food so I would stick to the bento next time. I also want to try the fried rice. Can't wait to go back!
5	great hawaiian food...
5	Finally made it out there on our last trip to LV last week...and we weren't disappointed! So much food, we ordered the fried rice and veggie tempura with a side of shrimp tempura. Best tempura I've had in LV, cooked to perfection with a light and crunchy batter. My sister and I split the meal, they even gave us extra plates to split, not one of those "pay extra to split" kind of places. They're moving to a new location just a few minutes away from their first location, the new place is much easier to find. We plan on going back next time we're in LV for sure!
4	I wish they weren't moving to a new location further away from me.  If you're looking for a quick great tasting meal, Rice Trax is the way to go.1 star = for their Mochiko chicken; best I've ever tasted2 stars = for their Fried Rice!  So onolicious!  You can tell them the ingredients to put into your fried rice to make it to your taste.  Comes out great every time!  3 stars = for their Garlic Bento; its like Brinner! (Breakfast for Dinner)  Hot dogs and Spam?  Yum!4 stars = for their Mochiko Bento; another one of my faves.Lacks the 5th star because their beef skewers are really not that great.  I eat everything in the bento but the beef.  The chicken katsu can be a little dry as well.  Maybe if they weren't so thick.But all in all, I'll be back frequently for a quick dinner. LOVE the fried rice forever!
4	I forgot how much I liked this place. The garlic chicken bento is just a box of salt, nitrates, grease and deliciousness - we're talking about breaded chicken with garlic sauce, a hot dog, a slice of spam and a teriyaki beef skewer. Brown rice and a nominal portion of salad are just the recipe to give you the illusion of health as you wolf all this down.Also of note is Rice Trax' build-your-own fried rice bar. It's a brilliant concept whose time has come. You choose your own ingredients and your rice is made to order. It's fresher and more flavorful than any fried rice I've eaten before.Is this Hawaiian? Is it Japanese? Is it a grotesque orgy of excess and choice that is uniquely Las Vegas?The answer is Yes. Yes, Virginia, there is a Santa Claus, and he's fat because he knows how good the garlic chicken bento is here.
4	This place is a bit closer to what we get back home, home being Hawaii. A big departure from the "Hawaiian BBQ" joints around town. Ricetrax is the type of eatery my friends and I would frequent. L&L, aloha, ohana, etc type of places I'd never set foot in when I lived in the 808, but I digress. It's pretty much all about their bentos here. Different strikes for different folks, but among my friends the mochiko chicken bento is the winner. Healthy portion of mochiko chicken, 2 skewers of chicken katsu, and 2 skewers of Teri beef. My mouth is watering thinking of this plate of food. To knock it out of the park, I sub the plain rice for Kimchi fried rice. If you can finish the entire meal in 1 sitting, you'll most likely end up skipping dinner. It's just a whole lot of food. I usually get through about half. This place is so good that a picky eating coworker was hesitant, nay reluctant to eat here. But I ultimately cOnvinced her to eat here. After lunch she thanked me and I asked what for. She says for making her eat there, it was now her new favorite eatery in all of las Vegas!! Most likely it won't be your new favorite, maybe it will. But I can guarantee you'll. Be satisfied with the food.
4	veryy good stuffs!!!! love it
2	Not impressed! I had the chicken katsu curry box, which was overflowing  with the cubed box store bought curry. I could barely see my fried rice from all the curry! The chicken was extra crispy but cut very thick which I hate. The mac salad was overdosed with pepper. There was a small portion of salad which was ok, but the dressing was too tangy for my liking. The restaurant was very small, maybe sits 20 people and was kinda dark inside. The menu selection was very minimal and mainly focused on there fried rice. Won't be back.
5	Had the furikake Bento with fried rice (kimchi, pork, green onion) and a side of Mac salad. Fried rice was awesome, beef and shrimp were great, didn't get a chance to try the chicken because I was already full. The Mac salad was good not great though. They are moving though to a new location on rainbow next to dairy queen soon, but not sure when. I will most likely be a regular here. =)
5	This place is bomb!!! Love kimchi fried rice + 4 skewers!! HEAVEN!
5	Awesome! Best Hawaiian grub in town. Low prices, quality food and chill atmosphere make this mom&pop restaurant a 5 star. I am sad that they will be moving soon, but at least it will still be in the neighborhood. I have yet to try more dishes. However I love their house salad, macaroni salad, chicken Katsu, chicken skewers, Machiko bento & beef teriyaki. I have yet to try everything else. But I soon will be :)
5	Mochiko bento with kimchee fried rice ftw... katsu skewer so moist and ono and mochiko chicken hit the spot... kimchee fried rice made on the spot broke da mout... my new fave Hawaiian food joint...
5	It's cheap and it's fresh delicious food! Not only that, but it's a lot of food!Favorites: Mac salad, furikake bento w friend rice !
5	Let's face it, when you're Asian you eat rice and there comes a point when you begin to dread those little grains. Maybe you've even considered the Paleo Diet so you can use it as your scapegoat for ignoring grains. Wait, what do you mean no? Ah, guess it may just be me. Rice Trax is kind of an deep fried savior that came to remind me the glory of rice and its companions. You start off with deciding if you want a plate (for the hungry) or a bento (for the REALLY hungry, or two somewhat hungry couple that likes to split). After you get the choice of upgrading to fried rice (do it) and pick your ingredients from their "fried rice bar". Wait what? I didn't tell you which bento/plate to get? Get them all of course! Just kidding my favorite would have to be the Mochiko, wait no the Katsu Curry, wait actually the Garlic Bento. Hmmm! There are no wrong choices! The only problem is that unless you're a professional food eater, you won't have enough space to try everything in one go. No worries though, they have a stamp card! $5 off your next meal after 10 (?) meals.Can't wait for them to reopen in their new location on Rainbow! When I make the switch to the Paleo Diet you better believe Rice Trax will be on my long list of "last suppers".
5	Saw a sign in front of their location on Jones saying they will be moving to Rainbow around June 3. It's 2 days before July. I tried calling them and left message but no one calls back??  I hope they are still in business. Does anyone know what's going on??
5	People people. !!!  The place was jammed !  The new location is great!  They are at Rainbow and Robindale.  Southwest corner....
4	New location is finally open!!! I called yesterday around 4:30pm to see if it was open & guess what?? It was!!! So I got in my car & drove down to Rainbow & Robindale. Just my luck, it was closed by the time I got there, 5:30pm. What the hell??? My heart was shattered. There was a sign on the door that read, "Sold Out". :'( So, I made sure to call my order ahead today :p Bomb I tell you! (Except for the teryaki beef) teryaki chicken & breaded shrimp are on point! :) The fried rice was perfect!
5	Delicious Hawaiian style food.  My choice is the Furikake Bento.  Try this place!  You are literally wasting your life not eating here.  Friendly staff and great food!
2	Maybe it's because of the 5 star ratings that this place hasn't improved, and  I hate to be so against the grain but, I must speak the truth.Pros: Hands down, the BEST mochiko chicken in Las Vegas.   The girls are always friendly, no matter how many things are off the menu that day.Cons: Every time I walk in to this establishment, something is "out."  Be it the pork for fried rice, or the macaroni salad...there is no excuse for anything to be "out" at a "Hawaiian Food" establishment. Also, their fried rice seasoning blend has 'dashi' in it, which has MSG.  No wonder it's so yummy! It doesn't bother me, but for some it might.  Items being out is definitely an issue of poor prep.  If you want char siu in your fried rice, go down the street where they are never out of pork.  Also, a  claimed 'Hawaiian Food' establishment should NEVER be out of mac salad.  I'm not even sure if you can call this place a Hawaiian Food establishment.  I'm not denying this place has good food...when they have everything in stock that is.
4	I've lived literally next door to this place for years and have just recently discovered it - and I can't believe I've missed out on it for all this time! The rice is DELICIOUS! It's set up like a rice bar, and u get to choose whatever ingredients you want. On my first visit I got the Garlic Chicken with my rice, the flavor of the sauce was very good, however I was disappointed in the quality of the chicken. It had a lot fat and skin, I couldn't eat it. But the rice has kept me going back again and again! And it's a large portion, it feeds me twice. #JustDoIt
1	Closed....yelp still has this location listed on s. Jones.....CLOSED. And I couldn't write review without at least 1 star..
