5	Everything's relative. My five-star rating is not for the location, which could be better maintained by the employees. It's a better area than the North Las Vegas BSW location, but this strip mall is also suprisingly run down for the area. The people playing at the golf course across the street must dread the view of this place. Personally, I'm amused by any place that has a church and a bar right next door to each other. And BSW is right next door to them, too.The five stars is for the range of salon and drugstore cosmetics and beauty proucts the store carries. If they don't have it here, it may not exist anymore.  It wouldn't surprise me if somehow, some of the products they *do* have don't exist anymore. I just bought a conditioner here that I haven't even seen since 1984. And I got like a quart of it for $4.50.Ignore the unpacked boxes that somehow get left in the aisles during business hours. Ignore the floors that could use a little more polish and the displays that could be a little neater. Ignore the harsh neon lighting. The prices and selection of products are more than worth it. Go to BSW and prepare to be almost overwhelmed by the options.
4	Really nice attendant. She was such a doll. Bonus - They don't charge to try on wigs! Found two great wigs for under $70 (total charge). Lots of trashy looking isles in here, but it's a beauty supply store ;) -1 star for the awkward lines at the front desk.
3	Can get really busy then the service goes to hell! On the plus side the security guard will help you try on wigs.. he's quite adorable.
2	The workers aren't nice and it smells like burnt hair inside. Everything is pretty cheap and readily available. They carry a lot of hair dye that no other place does and it's cheap, which I love. Other than their prices, though, it's not too great of a store. The employees need to learn how to say hello.
4	I really like this beauty supply store, it's just so far from where I live.  So when I do get to that side of town, I  usually stop in because I know they have something I need or haven't seen, or need to get.
4	This is my favorite hair store! I am so happy that I found this store. My hairdresser recommended it and I went to just see what they had, not thinking that I would end up so overwhelmed by the selections that I left with nothing. I went back a few weeks later after doing some research and found the hair I wanted. It was a bit pricey but it was exactly what I wanted and I know I can keep it for a while so I feel like its an investment. The selection of human hair is unbelievable! You can get everything from remy to yaki to the cheaper blends. Great service and great selection!!!
1	I bought hair from this store and it was nappy in one week, when I told the manager about it he said I would have to take the hair out my head submit a letter to the hair manufacture in God's know where and wait for a response.  I asked what will I do in the mean time he said purchase more hair....wow.  By the way the store is dirty...really dirty!
4	I wouldn't recommend getting hair from here. The quilts is not all that great, unless your doing like a quick weave or something. But as far as products and materials they have it all for a good price.
3	The hair selection in here kind of sucks.. Also if it's on sale, they won't let you return or exchange... My opinion- things could be organized a little better according to types of products... There are people outside who are always trying to sell something- the neighborhood isn't the greatest.
2	I went in to buy a curling iron, which are all behind the counter, so I patiently waited for the girl behind the counter to help me. She was helping someone else but she took at least 5 minutes to acknowledge me and say she would be right with me. Then they went to up front to pay, so I waited for her to come back. She continued to check people in line at the register and never did come back to help me. I walked around looking for someone else to help me, and I saw no one. I don't know if she forgot about me or they were just so short staffed that there wasn't enough help that day. Anyway, my one and only time there, the customer service was sorely lacking. Sally's Beauty Supply hasn't had what I wanted to I was eager to shop at Beauty Supply Warehouse. At least at Sally's they actually help you. My money and I will find another beauty supply store.
4	The selection of extensions and wigs here is mind boggling. The perimeter of the store is all counters where you have to get a clerk to help you. The center is filled with aisles of product and lesser expensive items.  The store is located in a run-down strip mall with a lot of people hanging around the church that's in one of the neighboring stores.I caught a little attitude from some of the other customers. There was a vibe of "You-Ain't-From-Around-Here" but the clerks were generally nice and helpful.I've been here a few times and will continue to come back for the selection and the reasonable prices.
1	This place will never get my money ever.  Customer Service Sucks big time and owner or Manager is Rude.  Wonder why the Customer Service Sucks.  I Brought some hair product there.  When I got home I realized that 1 item I Brought I didnot need. Places where I normally shop will either refund or ad least give u store credit. This item was 3 dollars and some change and the where like sorry no refund or store credit. Ask to speak to Manager and he pretty much told me it's yours and walked off.  Low class establishment you won't spot me there ever.   Because of 3 dollars.  Sad and if we keep letting this low end place treat us like this it will never get better.  Byer be ware.
2	While I do appreciate their selection, I have to bash their operations. Your cashier makes a mistake and charges my card instead of a return and the response I get is "your bank may take 7-10 days to process the return". You can charge me immediately, but you can't return immediately because you are lagging in processing. It's not the bank.
4	Okay, so this place may not be in the fanciest part of town, but it's not as bad as some of the other reviewers make it out to be.  If you're looking for some great deals on professional quality hair product, this is your place!  I got tired of paying $10-15 for shampoos and various upscale hair treatments at CVS, etc. or simply couldn't find most professional stuff at grocery store type of outlets.  I'm a hair fanatic and want to buy the things the professionals buy and use.  This is a large store, and yes, the customer service could be better.  Basically, just go in and wander around and look at everything. If you have a category in mind, you'll soon find what you need or just have fun browsing.  I bought 6-7 different things, total came to about $50, and none of them were more than $4-5 each whereas in a regular store or online, the same things would have been $10 or more each.  Ladies, don't be ripped off buying at retail places when you can come to a beauty supply place like this and get it for half, and far better professional quality items.  One reviewer said she got "attitude" from other customers?  I didn't experience that at all.  I just went in, shopped and browsed, picked out my stuff and purchased.  Didn't have any problems.  They don't have shopping carts, just baskets, so if you're buying a lot, your basket can get heavy lol...but hey, nothing in life is perfect.  Will I go back?  Absolutely!  It happens to be in a location that's convenient for me, so that's a big plus factor.  Btw, their store hours show that they open at 8am.  I looked online and at their website for store hours and couldn't find any, so at least the day I was there, it's 8am opening time. Anyway, yes, they need to have a few more people available to help customers find what they want, but hey, I can't find anyone to help me at Target or Walgreens most of the time either, so I'd rather buy upscale hair product (and hard to find or impossible to find items), than go elsewhere.  I'm glad I found this place!
4	This is not the prettiest store, nor is it located in the nicest part of town. But if you need anything hair-related, especially ethnic hair care products, wigs, extensions, or anything else, this is the place to go. There is an overwhelming selection, aisles and aisles of anything you could think of to maintain your hair.  Unfortunately, not all of the aisles are clearly marked, so you may find yourself wandering aimlessly through the maze of products until you find what you need. The only downside to the Beauty Supply Warehouse, aside from aesthetics, is that finding assistance can be a bit tricky, and customer service isn't always the greatest. Employees are required to assist you with any of the hair extensions (weaves, wigs, ponytails). Sometimes, there is a bit of a wait when trying to get someone to help you, especially if it is busy. However, no one is pushy and they don't try to up-sell you on anything.Hair is not refundable or exchangeable, so make sure you're 100% sure about your purchase before checking out. They accept debt and credit cards, which makes things easy, too.
4	I went here to get some carrot oil and olive oil for my hair. They had a lot of stuff, while some shelves were bare. The staff was decent and helpful. The area doesn't look so hot, but I don't live anywhere near it, so I don't care. Overall I think I'll return.
4	This store is not near home but I make a day of it if I drive there. I've picked up some extensions for a black tie gala I was attending-- $50 a pack! I also like to play around with different fun wigs too. I never have issues with customer service because I'm usually there on a weekday and there's maybe 7 people walking around in there. I NEVER buy hair products from there since they don't have any of the brands I use. I prefer going to Ulta or Sally's. Plus, there's something not right about my hair product covered in a thick layer of DUST. Everyone is right--its not in the best part of town and people know right away if you are from around there. I get looks and stares too--which I never understand why. I'm black like you, damnit! After going to California and visiting a similar store I'm grateful for this one. The one in Cali has a 3 wig try on minimum, makes you purchase your own "try on" wig cap for $1--oh wait, you get the dollar back if you buy a wig AND there's no counter so an employee stands there and stares at you while you try on wigs in the isle. So I DO appreciate BSW because it could be worse. Overall--I do like this place. Prices are good to me, and they can rack up if you get hair happy.
1	This hole in the wall which is located in a not so great area has to be the biggest joke I've ever seen. First off once u walk in the place all eyes are on your every move which to me is a bit uncomfortable considering the fact that it's mainly a junk store. I mean what do they really have that someone would want to steal. The people that work there are very condescending and rude which to me is strange cause it seems like most of them didn't even graduate high school. I guess the fact that this place is located in the ghetto the clientele causes them to treat people the way they do. I won't be back to this hellhole because I refuse to spend my money in a place that doesn't seem to appreciate my business. I guess u can't expect much from a local mom and pops shack.
2	I decided to braid my hair but ran out of hair I happen to have from California. Reading the reviews about the huge selections if hair I made my way across town to come check it out.I didn't have problems with dirty looks from the locals around there or anyone panhandling like others have had. The workers greeted me as soon as I walked in and were there for my every need. Unfortunately I was very disappoint to see that this really wasn't a warehouse as I expected. They seem to have more wigs than anything.  Aisle were very bare and they had a lot of old , dirty looking products on the shelf. As for braiding hair, the deletion was ok. They didn't sell the 27 Rastafari hair I needed and suggested I go to some other place that might have the brand. I don't live in the area of either store so I figured I can get a different brand around the same color. Big mistake. Luckily I was smart enough to get two different brands of hair cause one of them was so horrible i could even use it.I was able to pick up a new nail brisk for $1 but as far as that selection goes, it too is bare. Just a little stand by the line with things you can buy at any other local store.Not sure if I would come to this store. I'm better off going to Sally's or picking up hair back in California.
2	The Beauty Supply Warehouse is not a place I will be returning to anytime soon. The hair quality wasn't the best, some of the brands they were selling went out of business during the recession, so it was interesting to see some old products I used back in the early 2000s but I just think even that is over priced. I was really expecting more Remy Hair Choices. I didn't think the staff were friendly or made much of an effort to be, actually one employee in particular kept making comments about my hair choices implying I shouldn't purchase the items because hair wouldn't go with my complexion.  The location of this store is in a very scary plaza. I wouldn't recommend going in the evening.
