5	I stoped going there 'cause it's going to kill me! Still 5 stars! I LOVE this place. Some excellent ribs. the cheapest i've found and REALLY NATURALLY SMOKED! No fake stuff here. The sauces are awesome and I've been to the one downtown near University and Ste-Catherine and it's the best and biggest poutine i've eaten. Cheap as well! 4,99$ for a Poutine with real homemade sauce (no bullcrap can sauce that is so acid it'll kill you when you'll burp). I've eaten pretty much all the menu, no deception nowhere. I've also been on the one in the WestIsland on Des Sources (Galerie Des Sources). It's not the best but still pretty simular. Beer is also pretty cheap and you are really comfortably seaten on the typical Leather bunks. with a flat screen tv showing Sports and some Rock N Roll music playing on the Background. (I recon some Sun Record Compilation of Rock N Roll /  Blues)Staff is super friendly. They like their client and Downtown they are passionate about what they do.
1	I guess this place is good value because you receive a ton of really terrible food with terrible service at a cheap price.  The food is always cold, the sides are terrible (except for the coleslaw), and the service is terrible - whenever I have gone it is like a bunch of high schoolers are running the place.  Last time I went half the tables weren't cleared,  there was no cutlery to eat with and I had to ask for it 6 times and wait 5 minutes to get anything, and after I did I had a door slammed in my face.   A friend of mine said it was worse that a school cafeteria - I would have to agree.
2	Honestly, I'm not entitrely sure why all the hype about this place. People in Montreal have been going bananas over it since it opened a few years ago. It's casual - you order at the counter, choose a booth, and when your food is done they yell out your name like there is no tomorrow and you pick it up. You choose a meat, a sauce, a side, and create your own customised plate.The food was somewhat disappointing - We tried the BBQ chicken and the pulled pork sandwich. Both tasted much more like the sauce they were covered in than the smoky BBQishness I was after.
2	Don't bring your vegetarian friends here! They'll be insulted!Seriously, this has to be carnivore heaven! The beef ribs here look like something Fred Flintstone would munch on - they're HUGE! Not a lot of meat, lots of bone, lots of sticky and dirty fingers afterwards hence the rolls of paper towels at each table. With pulled pork sandwiches, BBQ chicken, sausage, burgers, pork ribs, beef ribs, chilli, fries, mac'n cheese, you can stuff yourself silly here. I lived in the States for a while and while it doesn't even come close to the BBQ smokepits of our neighbors to the south, where they've pretty much perfected it to an art form in places like Tennessee, Texas, Kansas etc. Bofinger will get you buy if you need a fix.
2	When Bofinger's first opened in '06 me thinks, the food was off the charts. Lineups out the door, people singing its praises, it was a great place to go for somewhat-authentic-bbq.Apparently the owner made a million in his first year. How did he repay us? by determining that we were idiots that would keep going even if he went from selling us fresh out of the smoker bbq to refrigerated lower quality ribs that he ships in from his industrial kitchen in TMR.These days I'll go 2 or 3 times a year, usually when I have forgotten the mediocre experience of my last visit.Terribly over rated, but now its attendance is matched to its quality (i.e. not at all).I wish I could recommend somewhere else, but Montreal is a haven for mediocre food at good food prices.
4	My experience just last night leaves me very surprised about the low ratings for this resto... Hubby & I ordered delivery from Bofinger last night and we were *very* satisfied! For the affordable price and the quality + tastiness, we will definitely order from there again. I ordered the BBQ Chicken sandwich with Mac n' Cheese as the side, and Jason (ma hubby) ordered the Pulled Pork sandwich with Fries n' Coleslaw. **Really awesome stuff here!!!** The toppings were quite impressive having a wide variety (green olives, tomato, lettuce, melted cheese, red onion, hot peppers, pickle, red pepper, green pepper, and maybe more I'm just forgetting). Being able to choose your sauce for the sandwich is fun too. I picked the BBQ n' Honey, which wasn't too BBQ-y, but that's okay. The Mac n' Cheese side was good too. Very pleased overall! I have to disagree with the comment from Tara on August 13th 2011 about the BBQ Chicken sandwich (sorry, Tara!!). The BBQ Chicken sandwich won't burn your mouth off with hot BBQ, this is true, but the sandwich is very very delicious and totally worth the price of $9.99. Additionally, Jason said the Pulled Pork sandwich was awesome too - it didn't taste like just the sauce. Delivery was quick enough and our order was correct which we appreciated. Return Worthy? YESBofinger is affordable with good tasting food and proper service* (*for delivery, we have not been to the resto in person). Thanks for reading!
4	Bofinger makes excellent beef ribs.  Try the 1/2 rack with their fresh cut fries.  Should be enough for a hungry guy.
1	Imitation BBQ for a city that doesn't know better.their pulled pork is so dry, maybe it's made a few days before or very far off site, they are pretty cheap on the sauce and the fries are certainly nothing to write home about.If you know SW BBQ and are jonesing it may have to do though.
4	Been on a quest for some good ol' BBQ...Found this spot a while ago(NDG). I 1st tried it about 2 years ago and it was quite good no lie. I had the chicken sandwich. As for the side I believed I had the mac n cheese n a salad. Went back a few times for some ribs and pulled pork.On my most recent visit SUNDAY APRIL 20th ,2014 I finally tried a burger! Bo-lucious Burger. Now that was a sloppy good mess!Smoked patty,pulled pork, bacon,cheese... I had chosen the mac an cheese and an order of sweet potato fries. The burger was quite tasty, but the meat wasn't cooked to my liking. I like my meat well done,and unfortunately it was pink.The side portions were small ( I grew up in America) sides are usually enormous back in BBQ joints in LA! The mac and cheese needs improvements it was watery and flavorless. Sweet potato fries were well sweet potato fries, can't really mess that up! My friend had the combo meal of chicken and rib and a side of poutine. Oh and the gravy on that Poutine was AMAZBALLS! I tasted his food and it was Yummy to the 5th power!!!! He didn't really want to share! The total for the combo meal(chicken &rib), changed the side to a poutine,1 fountain drink, bo-lucious burger, and aside of sweet potatoe fries= 45.00$ I thought it was a bit expensive, but since the food was good in overall we didn't really fuss about it.The service was fast, and the lady who took our orders  was a sweetheart. I recommend this place for the meat and the poutine! The side orders aren't all of that.Hope this helps!
4	I just ordered this home, and it was pretty good. I ordered a hamburger with bacon/cheese, fries and coleslaw.I really enjoyed it. It seemed like good ingredients. And I felt healthy afterwards. It also came in 30min. Far from "great", but very satisfying and offers something needed in the area. I'd order again, or maybe go sit on one of their benches with a pitcher of beer.
2	The Bofinger experience is definitely not consistent. A big fan of the DDO location, my recent NDG experience came up well short. Pulled pork sandwich special for the World Cup, great price, but relatively tasteless, half the size of the normal offering and missed all of the excitement that drew me in in the first place. I would have rathered pay full price for the same sandwich I know and love than to have paid $5 for this anemic, boring promotional version. And trying to charge me an extra $0.50 to take out, without specifying it - well that was just unacceptable. I won't return to this location.
4	I like this place. This time we went there and sat on the benches outside and ate/drank. I had a pulled pork combo this time, with a pitcher of beer. Lovely vibe and food.The food is not "exceptional" but it is very tasty, and delivers on hitting the spot. Plus the seating is cool for great weather in the NDG area and beer outside is always a plus.
3	Being the stereotypical american I was feining for some BBQ food. Probably other BBQ shops in the city, but for some reason every time I stay out in MontreaI go here. Could be the location since its usually so close to the hotel that we generally stay at. The beef ribs are pretty good and they give a variety of sauces to brush on the ribs. The mac and cheese is a pretty good side to shoot for also. The menu is a little pricey and the beers are too, but the service is pretty good and the food comes out pretty quick.  My review probably a little bias since I'm from the "states" , but in all its average to good.
3	Decent place to take the kids, who inexplicably love the mac and cheese. We probably go a couple of times a month. The food is variable, but generally good, and the service is usually fast and friendly. Lately they have been slowly raising prices and/or removing some of the extras.
4	Some of the best ribs in town. Kind of an awkward set up because you have to order yourself at the counter kind of like a fast food chain. Very good sauces to choose from for every kind of different taste. They also deliver which is a big + in my book. Definitely will be going back!
