4	One of my friends told me Mueller's had great sandwiches months ago and I just got around to checking it out today.  Wow, what a great find.  It is a tiny space, counter only with limited seating outside.  I was torn between getting a Rueben or a Cuban sandwich today.. Very difficult decision.  I decided to try the Cuban, haven't had one in awhile and how can bbq, ham and pickles be a bad idea?  Instantly, I knew my sandwich was made with care, not just slapped together.    All sandwiches come with a side and I had a sweet tea.  My bill was $11 with tax and tip.  Go check it out, you won't be disappointed.
5	Just ate there with 2 co-workers. We had a Reuben, a classic burger and a club sandwich. Everyone was very satisfied and the waitstaff was great. The tomato and cucumber is good as a side, it comes in a sweet pickle brine that is really nice and light. The place itself is a little hard to find but worth the trip. Google maps is accurate.
4	What a gem!  How does anyone find it?  This mom and pop shop is securely tucked away behind Providence Road.  You could throw a rock either direction and hit Providence Cafe or Wolfman Pizza but still never see it from the street.  So there's strong support from regular customers keeping them open.  As a matter of fact, they're only open from 11 to 3 for lunch so we went and I got a ham sandwich that's pretty good.  The meat is high quality but the bread is plain store bought bread.  But then I realized the real deal is the burgers, so I'll be back to try one out.  All sodas are in bottle form and the mesquite bbq chips are great.  Water in a tall cup is free.  I like that they don't force you to buy a bottle.I saw an awesome looking Cuban sandwich and while standing in line a short five minutes three different people ordered the rueben sandwich, so that also sounds like one of  their specialties.  Give 'em a go!
5	Awesome local sandwich place just off the beaten path and a block from the corner of providence & queens. I talked with the owner for 10 minutes when I went in there. I had the Cuban sandwhich which was great. It had a twist as it has more of a southern Cuban with BBQ. Great drink and side selection.
4	Would never have located this place without a recommendation-and i'm glad we found it!  I had the chicken salad which was pretty darn good but the prize was the tomato/cucumber side-YUM!  No A/C here, so get your food to-go on a hot day.  Would definitely recommend and of course it's great to support a small local business!
5	Dave Mueller's very tiny spot is tucked away on a side street in Myers Park.  Voted 2009 Critic's Pick Creative Loafing for BEST HAMBURGER.  Last month I ran into Dave at a local chili cook off in Dilworth.  He won both critic's and judge's choice...and deserved it!!  This reminded me to try his little hole in the wall neighborhood grill.  There's not much seating so plan to eat outside or get it to go.  I took Dave's recommendation (he's usually always working) on what to order.  He suggested the patty melt.  Cooked perfectly...it was delicious...and a lot of food!  The menu is pretty simple....mostly burgers, sandwiches, hot dogs, and a couple salads.   And great service to top it off.  Check it out and when you do, tell him that Heidi from Keller Williams Southpark sent you!P.S.  Need some good chili for the cold weather?  Don't forget he won awards for it!  And the homemade soups look great too!
4	Great burger!! Small place kinda hide away, but a great find. Toys outside for the kids and great people working there. Check it out!
5	Holy cheeseburger, Mueller's! I was unprepared for that deliciousness. In a classic novice move, I ordered a reuben (which was actually delicious- the best corned beef I've seen in this town) and had to endure some serious order envy after a couple of nibbles at my dining companion's burger. Great tomato and cuke salad. Great (free!) banana pudding was slipped to us mid-meal- not sure if that is normal or we were just so charming that they felt we deserved it. But enough about those things- that burger was grilled. It was cooked with just enough pink in the middle. I can't be more specific about it because I was rendered a bit addled with happiness, so just trust that it is delish.Mueller's is in a weird spot off Providence but I find it to be pleasantly quiet in their little corner. The restaurant is full of random things (let them string your tennis racket and get a free burger!) and some mildly grumpy staff- but I can tell that they are waiting to have their smiles earned by becoming a regular. Which is fine because I plan to become one.
4	The chili made me say "yummy yummy yummy I got love in my tummy."  Too bad I only had a small cup, from my wifes hotdog that she had all the ingredients on the side for.  I think it was a gaelic ale chili, beanless.  I had the hamburger Carolina style.  It was good, but I want to go back and order the Messy Eddie.  Someone else ordered it while I was waiting for my order, and while it was being cooked the place just smelled great.  Hotdog was good too.  I look forward to returning!
4	If I hadn't read about Mueller's Neighborhood Grill in the Observer about their burger bracket, I don't think I would have ever tried it or found it for that matter.  It is tucked out of the way about a 1/4 of a block off of Queens Rd.  I wasn't too difficult to find, they have a nice sign, but unless your are looking for it you'll probably drive right by.  Mueller's is just an old house converted to a grill.  It's tiny and kind of a dive with limited inside seating, but there are 8-10 tables outside.  So go on a nice day and enjoy the weather.  I got there about 11:30 am on a Saturday and it wasn't too busy yet.  It was kind of confusing figuring out what to do.  Do I sit and wait or go inside and order.  I choose to go inside and order.  I then noticed they did have someone serving the table out side, so either way works.  I went there to try the burger, but I got the patty melt instead, which is really just a burger inside a grilled cheese.  The place started to fill up as I went outside and waited for my food.  They seemed to be a little swamped, probably from the attention from the Observer article.  But it didn't take long to get my food and after a little bit they got things back under control.  All their sandwiches combos come with 1 side, chips, macaroni salad, tomato & cucumbers, or baked beans.  I opted for the baked beans.  My patty melt was hot off the grill and I had to wait a bit for it to cool down.  That was as definite plus for them.  The baked beans were straight from the can so no big surpise there.  The patty of my patty melt was a nice sized burger was juicy and had just the right amount of grease.  The onions were caramelized and the cheese melted nicely.  The bread was gilled GB&D (golden brown & delicious) .Give Mueller's a try.  It's nothing fancy, but the food is reasonably priced and the people there are friendly.  Just make sure to map it before you head out.
5	I walked into Mueller's today, starving, it was 315p, I asked what was their closing time.  3p.  But they graciously made a burger for me. That is way beyond the call of duty. Very nice.  And the burger was damn fine too.
3	We went to Mueller's for lunch one day because we'd read a review by the CharlotteBurgerBlog.com saying how amazing the burgers were.  I loooove burgers so I had to check it out.  We sat outside on the patio & enjoyed some very tasty fresh lemonade & waited for our burgers. I would say this is a spring/fall place to eat during the day, it was late spring & we were sweating outside in the midday sun.  There is little inside seating.   On to the burgers!  I gotta say, I had such high hopes for their burgers because of Angus & Hereford's review & I left very underwhelmed.  I couldn't taste anything but charcoal, it was crispy on the outside which took away from the rest of the burger, I'm a medium rare burger fan & this was more charbroiled & well well done.  The service was good & it's a great little hidden gem & I'd go back to try some of their sandwiches, but I don't think I'd get a burger again.
1	We decided to try Mueller's for lunch based on what we read on Yelp and heard around town about how great this place is.  Maybe my expectations were too high, but this place did not impress me at all.  Ordering inside was way confusing and challenging with only one waiter.  Our sandwiches took about 20-30 mins to reach our table and the hamburger (which people say is the best in town) was just okay.  I've had better burgers around town.  Maybe I tried Mueller's on a bad day with short staff because this place has potential for a great lunch spot but I won't be coming back any time soon.
4	I need a nap. That burger was amazing and all the sides were equally delicious. For a quick lunch before our movie my father suggested we hit up Mueller's for some sandwiches.  I decided a cheeseburger was the way to go and was so pleased with my choice! It was like they tried to fit an entire cow between the buns (and they didn't use veggies and condiments as filler!) the burger was the main show.Also, how could I not love a place that gives you a little cup of banana pudding after your meal!?!If only I lived in North Carolina all the time, this would be one of my favorite stops.
4	It's a little small but that is all that I can say bad.   The food was incredible!  The juciest hamburg that I can recall having in a long time.  This quaint place is tucked away and you have to be looking for it.  If you are looking for a GREAT burger, in a unique atmosphere and not the same old thing, you  have to try this
