5	This place is fantastic!  We have been to their showroom a few times when doing some remodels in our home.  The people there are so friendly and helpful and will spend quality time with you to understand your needs and make suggestions within your budget.  Great service and great products!
5	Today was my second experience with MTC-- and both experiences were great.  First, the disclaimer:  because of their slick TV ads, I thought their prices wouldn't be competitive. I was wrong. The first trip was last month when I shopped their Parking Lot sale at the Ray Rd store. I was looking for shower tile, but didn't really know what type I wanted.  The sales rep was patient and kind; I gave him a general idea of what I wanted and he showed me options at several price points.  In less than 20 minutes, I found beautiful tile, accents, and grout at fantastic prices.  Today, DH and I were shopping for patio pavers.  He had gone to the orange big box store and found some run-of-the-mill red brick pavers at just under $2 a sq ft.  With the success I had  last month, I asked him to hold off on purchasing those bricks until we could go to MTC  Fortunately, they were open today (Memorial Day) for a few hours.  The sales rep, Jeffrey, helped us find the perfect pavers: they have a variation of colors and came in varied sizes for more interesting pattern options.  And for $1.49 a sq ft!  They even gave us a pattern sheet to help with the paver designs. With their prices on not only the pavers, but the sand and gravel, we estimate that we saved over $500 by not buying from the big box store.  Friendly, helpful staff and great products/prices.  We'll be back!
5	I went in search of some tile for my "Cantina" we are building. Jack helped me figure it all out and I did the work myself. Was a great experience and the tile looks great. I have never tiled before and Jack helped me figure out what I needed and how to make it all come together. Thanks for all you help. Your place is the BEST!
5	II'm here as a repeat satisfied customer.  Very helpful and gives big enough samples so that you can evaluate the flooring at home.  Also reasonably priced and has a nice selection.  Showroom has a lot of examples installed on the floor.Purchased some beautiful and durable travertine planks which have been installed in my bedroom for 3 years.  My daughter liked it so much that she bought the same
5	1100th review! I went to several places in search of the right combination of tiles for my remodeling project, but only at Monterrey Tile did I find both a great sales rep and a wide selection of ceramic/porcelain tile, natural stone, and mosaics. Eric was excellent in converting the schematic we had drawn out for our remodel and turn it into reality. He was very knowledgeable about what they had in stock, and provided several different tile combinations that would look amazing in our bathroom. In addition to natural stone tiles such as travertine, shale, and limestone, they also sell a plethora of options in ceramic tile, including wood-like ceramic planks. Some of them were so realistic you wouldn't know they weren't natural stone (Or wood). They also sell mosaics, from the basic rectangular glass tiles to a lovely wavy pattern mix of glass and marble. Prices were very competitive compared to the other companies I looked at. One set of tiles I ended up buying were actually cheaper here than buying the almost exact same quality, shape, and appearance of tiles at Costco (Yes, apparently they sell ceramic/porcelain tiles at Costco now!).Once our order was placed, Eric was great at providing updates to when our order would come in. If I ever need to buy more tile for another remodeling project, this is the place I will go!
5	I went in to look at some tile. They have a great show room with many decorating ideas!! I'm so glad I went there. I got a great price and my floor looks great!! And the price was right!
