5	An honest mechanic!  This place is a full service auto repair shop in addition to an "Xpress Lube."  I have been taking my vehicles here for a while now and am very pleased with the service.  The prices are fair and quality of the work is top notch.  The best part is that these guys are actually honest which unfortunately tends to be a rare quality with mechanics in this town.  I have been to a lot of auto repair shops in town and have not always been treated fairly.  I am happy to give this place five stars.  I will be back.
1	If I could give ZERO stars this place would get zero stars. First, I went to pay this company with their own company credit card they informed me that they do not accept their own credit card. Second, I had asked them to put Havoline Full Synthetic Blend in my car and when I was watching them I saw that they added ProLine Oil. I asked the mechanic what type of oil was that and why did they not tell me that they did not carry Havoline oil. I told him that was a bait and switch to make me pay $80.00 for a off the brand oil that I had never heard of. I hope and pray nothing happens to my engine because I need to know who will pay for my engine. So I will NEVER go back to these rip-off people ever again!!! If you want to take your chances with your car then take it their... but I WILL NEVER TAKE IT THERE EVER AGAIN!!! THEY ARE FRAUDS!!!
1	The more and more we come here, the more and more we get disappointed..Something's just not right.. And the past visits we really feel like we've been stolen from and it makes me regret giving them an "ok" review before..We've gone here for regular oil changes, maybe twice to check our brakes, and once to get a smog.. Stupid us for coming back because it is conveniently close to home..After these services, something has gone wrong with our vehicles and we're having to come back.. but even after addressing the issue.. SOMETHING was still wrong.Then the issue becomes 20x worst.I am yet on another search for a reliable, honest place.
