5	OK. So, Basha's doesn't strike up images of red checkered table cloths and brick-oven pizzas. Hell, Basha is a name of Lebanese origin. But take in a slice or two of their pizza and you'll believe you stumbled into Little Italy right here in South Scottsdale (or locations around the Valley).The folks over at Basha's Pizza Kitchen craft a hearty cheese pizza for less than $10. They usually have it baked up and ready to go in 15-20 minutes. Call ahead for take out or place an order before doing a little shopping. It's great and I think you'll like it, too.
2	Maybe it's odd to yelp about grocery stores, I don't know. But yesterday I realized that grocery stores all have personalities of their own. Trader Joes, for example, is that annoyingly perfect friend you have from Boulder. She hikes, climbs, is well-traveled,  and life is a bit predictable -- she's the person who always has "one glass of red wine," out at dinner and claims that makes her tipsy.Basha's, on the other hand, is that annoying ex you had in college. He had major flaws and totally used you, but you kept forgetting that at bar time and always ended up with him at least once a week. The next day, you were so pissed off, you vowed to never do it again. But you did.I always end up going to Basha's because it's really, really close by and convenient. And everytime I get mad at myself. Yesterday I was getting ready to throw a big holiday party and I needed to pick up some random stuff before I started cooking in the morning. Pomegranates? They don't have them. Baguettes? They didn't have them. The friendly guy in the bakery dept. did try his best to find them for me, and he brought me something that sort of looked like a baguette. But it was rock hard. At 9:30 in the morning.  Then I looked, in vain, for sweetened condensed milk, for 15 minutes. Finally found someone to ask. They informed me its in the BREAD AISLE. Oh, of course, why didn't I think to look there?And their eggplants were $1.50 each! Basha's, why do you keep taking advantage of me?(To be fair, I'm giving them an extra star because they're the only store where I can find 9X14inch phyllo dough packages).In the end, I wasted about 40 minutes wandering around, and then I had to go to Safeway, anyway, to get everything I needed. Why do I need to go to all these different stores to buy very basic food items? How annoying!My grocery bill was wayyyy higher than it needed to be because everything at Basha's seems to be about 70 cents higher than everywhere else. And they don't even have one of those purified water machines outside their store like *every other grocery store has.*Will I be back? Probably. I can't help it.
4	The first time I came to this store was right after my husband and I bought our house.  We were doing some pre-move in work and starving.  This was the closest grocery store.  We dragged our tired, filthy asses in looking for something that required no plates, no utensils, and no effort.  When we walked in, it was like a bright light washed over us as the angels began to sing.  I could get away with never turning on my stove again.What should I choose?  Chinese food from the little place in front (I can never remember it's name, but the food is pretty good), a wood-fired pizza (not bad for the price), Mexican food (also not bad-HUGE burritos with your choice of fillings), something from the hot deli perhaps (pork tenderloin, salmon, roasted chicken??).  I wiped a tear from the corner of my eye at the possibilities all in one location.We gleefully skipped to our car, giddy with eating something other than 99 cent menu items from Jack in the Box that week.  And though it was June, our car was not 145 degrees because they have covered parking too!
3	I live less than a mile from this Bashas' and they have covered parking, yet I'm compelled to carry an ice chest with me...into the store.At any given time, they will have two checkers.  One will be fast and one will be slow.  The fast checker will inevitably also be in charge of manning the self-check stations.  So depending on how many techno geniuses are attempting to scan a bell pepper, the fast lane may become the slow lane.  The slow checker will be painfully slow and try to engage in idle chit-chat which makes them even slower.  There are no baggers at Bashas' anymore either.So expect your ice cream (which better be the last thing you put in your cart) to be melted before you ever leave the store.  Or bring in that ice chest.
3	So this might sound weird, but I have a love/hate relationship with Bashas.  I love their specials, I hate their regular prices.  One thing I can always count on is their liquor deals. Like many other stores, they have a 10% off when you buy 6 bottles of wine, but unlike other stores, they will really mark down some good wines, I have left paying less than half price for bottles after all discounts kick in.   Also, they have great prices on beer; they are just about always a couple bucks cheaper than all the other stores advertised prices.   So that's the good.  The bad, their produce can be hit and miss.  I've had several items go bad the day after I've bought them, and once I opened up a container of mushrooms and below the first layer, was a layer of mold, yuck!  They were very good about taking them back, it was a trip I didn't want to make... but I needed them for dinner!  All in all, Bashas is a pretty solid choice for a quick stop, but I tend to drive a few extra miles for my produce to ensure a few extra days in the fridge won't kill it.  I almost forgot, the BEST thing about this Bashas... their parking lot has awnings; this can come in handy both on a rainy day, or when it's a scorching 115 outside!
4	Has most of what we need, however I'd rather go to the safeway up the street. The pizza at bashas is inexpensive and pretty decent, regular groceries and butchery stuff seams to be a bit more than the safeway but quality is always good.Except for the one check-out lady who was grumpy once, this place hasn't disappointed me since.  Well they don't carry blue bunny ice cream sandwiches which is a shame.
2	I had a love hate relationship with this store. When I first moved to Scottsdale, I loved it. The produce was cheap, it was close to work, and it has covered parking.Then I started going to Sprouts. The quality of stuff there is better, but without reviewing Sprouts, I will stay on topic.You actually get what you pay for at this Basha's. Sometimes, you pay high prices, and you get good stuff, but that's rare, because stuff is generally cheap, and the produce, and deli items are pretty crappy.Also, almost everything in the meat/deli section is old. Gross.Sorry Basha's. I know you own AJ's and whatnot, but you just don't cut it.
2	We've been shopping at Bashas for years and in the last year each time we go we it seems to get worse....The store is clean but the produce is lacking.The quality is NOT at all what it once was....almost as if some produce has been sitting around a while....grape tomatoes...although costly have been soft and not firm as they should be.I realize the occasional bad purchase is to be expected but we havent been impressed with any produce in the last several months....you know its bad when you get better produce at frys or safeway!Although the employees are friendly and will glady exchange or return the merchandise....it is a HUGH inconvenience to bring back a watermellon or refridgerated items not to mention the time and gas it takes to do so.I had stopped shopping here for a couple months and just went back a couple times and I remember why I left.Bashas has a LOT of competition and has to work hard to compete and sadly they seem to be losing the battle!
4	I choose Bashas' because it's a locally owned company. Frankly there is little difference between grocery stores and I'd rather keep my money here in Arizona. If I'm feeling fancy, I drive to the AJ's on Lincoln (also owned by Bashas', as is Food City).
4	Livin' and lovin' local while getting groceries! Yes, Bashas' is a locally owned grocer and also the more affordable brother of AJ's so you're getting some quality food here. I like this Bashas' because it's local and the quality of food is high. The butcher could compete with any high end grocer out here. They have specialty items like pre-made twice baked potatoes and they also have delicious meat like cheddar bacon sliders! It's the perfect grocery store to visit for your BBQing needs. On the other end of the spectrum, Bashas is a go-to spot for donuts, yes donuts! Their donuts are freshly made every day, affordable and delectable! If you buy 12 on Friday, they will throw in another six for free! In addition, they have a tasty deli with both pre-made options as well as made-to-order items. Live and love local and support Bashas'!
5	This Bashas has everything! Great deli that will make a sandwich for you or that you can pick up a slice of pizza or  get some take-out Chinese and a Starbucks! I'm very jealous, I want this kind of Bashas in Ahwatukee! The store was clean and the staff was super friendly. Thanks Bashas.
3	This is not my regular grocery store, but it's nice and clean and the employees are friendly.  Whenever we have a potluck at work, this place bails me out.  I'll drop in here to pickup some Sodas, Chips, or Cookies.  It's an easy in/out for me and that's all I really ask for from a store like this.  Return Factor - 70%
4	This is not my local store however I enjoy visiting when I 'm in the area. The store is well organized, clean and usually well stocked. The cashiers are familiar with the Bashas' coupon policy and have never hassled me when I'm using 1 or 20. The restaurant food smelled so good yesterday I almost tried the soup. I enjoy seeing the fresh bins of prepped veggies through  the walkin window. The quality looked excellent. I wish a store like this was closer to my home but it is worth the drive!
3	Hey, it's a Basha's.  I like the local aspect, they generally have good service and nice people.  Their prices are better in some cases and worse in others when compared to Frys.  Their selection of store soda in cans is weak like most Basha's.  Bring back the canned diet grape and diet root beer and the diet lemon/lime cans! Not the best but far from the worst.
4	Fast food Chinese pretty good stuff.
3	Decent selection. I'm not a fan of the way they remodeled the store recently, though.  The health food aisles have been moved by the Pharmacy, and all the cereal is now with the produce. Makes no sense to me.
4	The only supermarket that I have seen that has covered parking. Their pizza is excellent. *Wish they had more organic items but this is the best market in the area.
3	This location is in between a "meh", 2 stars and "A-OK", 3 stars so I was nice and rounded up. I've been here a handful of times usually because its on the way home from a south Scottsdale/Tempe location and its convenient for me. However, I'm not a big fan of service departments here and thus would not go out of my way to come here. The positives? Well, believe it or not, Basha's/AJ's cannoli are my top 2 favorites in the Phoenix area, I know weird, but try them. They are amazing, but make sure you get the ones with the shell just filled with the cream otherwise the shell gets soggy and nobody likes a soggy cannolo, nobody. I also am impressed of their health food selection - its bigger than the closer Safeway and Fry's (but not the epic Fry's on Shea and Tatum). Another positive, especially during the harsh Arizona Summer that lasts from April to September, is the amount of covered parking spots! Another nice additions to this Basha's location that I have never experienced is their Panda Express-esque Chinese food station and a kids daycare environment so that parent's can shop in peace without their kid throwing a temper tantrum since they aren't getting the teenage mutant ninja turtle Mac n cheese they want. Basha's is also locally owned which means its always nice to support.The negatives? The deli and bakery counters. Worse-service-ever. Every time I decide to give these departments another try, I end up feeling like a crazy ex girlfriend. I've walked away from the Bakery counter twice after waiting for someone to come help me for 10 minutes; I'll even walk around the perimeter of the counter standing on my tip toes trying to get a glimpse of an employee to flag down. It's like  stage 5 clingy status at the Bakery counter. The same thing with the Deli counter - and they even have a service bell to push, but instead of pushing the button once, it takes a minimum, MINIMUM, of three attempts before someone will help you. Yeah, you just channeled your inner crazy ex-girlfriend stalker self, why won't you talk to me?!! Also. one (and the only) time I got Boars Head roast beef  and it tasted odd- maybe it was old, I don't know, but I think I finally got the hint that this Basha's Deli counter doesn't want to be boyfriend. Ugh, I'm going to go cry and listen to Alanis Morissette.
1	The barista at the Starbucks there either does meth or was just enjoying  making ugly faces at me and they have rotting old pumpkins.
3	A nice store with good selection.People always pleasant. Fairly typical market. The old store had more character. Like fresh foods and vegatables.
