2	If you like low to mid range trashy girls than you will like this place.  Go to Scottsdale and experience those strip clubs.
1	Too expensive.$5 dollar beers, $15 access to VIP section, then $20 for a 2 minute lap dance. With her only sitting on me 3 times.Over 4 years ago i went to a strip club near the airport (can't remember the name of the club) and i got a close contact lap dance for 40 minutes for a total of $80 with tip. The woman had a C section scar but still looked good.Can someone please tell me which strip club has better prices?
4	well we've been here a few times and I haven't reviewed the placeit's in a decent easy to find location at the corner of 44th street and thomasEveryone is friendly at this club from the security to the dancers to the waitressthe cover charge is not too bad at $5One thing I must mention is that this is itty bitty titty committee landthe girls do not have fake boobs or much on top at allthere are quite a few girls with nice asses thoughand several of them can really work the poleI'll give a shot out to NINA who REALLY knows how to climb that pole and do acrobatics, she's the bestThe club is small compared to others in the Valley and that was initially a turn off for me but now I've come to appreciate being the only couple in the whole placeyou really get alot of attention from the girlsalso this is the only strip club with a girl who has actually turned my boyfriend onhe came away saying he was turned on and that is not common for him so KUDOS to Sugar 44
4	I spent many months working in Phoenix, and of all the clubs I visited, this was my favorite by far.  At 44th and Thomas, centrally located and easy to get to.  Pricing info:  $5 cover, $20 VIP access, $10 floor dances, $20 VIP dances.  Drinks are typical...a beer is $5 or $6 bucks, I drink premium liquor and pay $9 a drink, but the pours are usually generous.  Jeff and Ryan are really cool bartenders.It's a small club, with a very small stage.  The staff is very friendly and the drinks are reasonably priced.  Here is how I break down my four stars:1 star for the fact that everybody is friendly.  This includes the fact that MOST of the girls are not too pushy if you aren't ready for a dance.  I did have one or two exceptions but for the most part they were very respectful if you just wanted to sit and relax.1 star for the fact that the girls cover a wide spectrum...not a lot of silicon (for me that's a good thing),   Not a lot of 10's but several 8's and, as a I said, something for everybody from the variety perspective.1 star for the fact that I was able many nights to go in, enjoy myself with a dance or two and some drinks, and not walk out feeling like I got robbed.1 star for two very special dancers.  I won't give it away but if you get a dance in VIP and your dancer doesn't let you pretty much run amok, you are either not being a gentleman or you need a different dancer.  I got a GREAT show from more than one.I couldn't go to five stars.  The girls are not quite hot enough, and I hate the stupid bracelet they make you wear once you have VIP access.  Whenever I'm in Phoenix, I'm coming back here.
4	I've been here dozens of times, but this is my first review. I lived right down the street for years and was able to walk to and from, which was a plus. I moved a few miles southwest, but the attraction is still the same....great drink prices, sexy ladies, and a great overall experience every time I go there. I've been going there since it was Bombshells, and I'm glad they haven't really changed the vibe. I will tell you that if you want Hustler model type models with fake boobs, go to Bourbon Street...if you want a small, intimate space with very attentive, alternative girls (ala Suicide Girls), then this is your place. The girls are awesome from that standpoint. Big fake boobs? No. Super approachable and tatted out? You betcha! And thats what I like, so thats while I will keep going here, and recommending this place to everyone as long as the dynamic remains consistent. Oh, and specials/happy hours/drink prices are very good!
4	...it was upon my cross-country journey from Atlanta to San Diego that I chanced across this club, purely by luck and coincidence. Originally that evening, I had gone to the Hi-Liter club - which was a mistake. The place was so packed you couldn't even find a seat. I left before the song playing was finished and set out for my next destination; thanks to it's proximity, Sugar 44 was up to bat...And they knocked it out of the park.The club was refreshingly clean and wasn't too small, but it wasn't a cavern like Hi-Liter. The girls were incredibly approachable, friendly and talkative; the ones up on the main stage didn't seem to care if they were being watched or not, they genuinely appeared to enjoy dancing the pole. That was refreshing. While I wasn't too thrilled with the VIP area not having it's own seperate room, I'll admit it prevents some of the creepier moments that can happen in the VIP when it IS a room...and still let you have fun with your girl (or girls!) for half of what a lot of other clubs charge.Nearly all the girls had real breasts, no boob jobs, and that was also a pleasantly refreshing thing....well, except for one girl whose tits were obviously fake, because the scar from the operation was disturbingly visible if you were looking. Not holding it against her, but like Sir Mix-a-Lot said, "Silicon parts are made for TOYS". I like my women real; real personality, real tits, real fun. The girls at Sugar 44 were all three of those. The entire staff of Sugar 44 was not only highly professional, they were also incredibly friendly; it felt like I was in a nice little hometown bar that just happened to have really attractive strippers. If I ever rode through Phoenix again, I would undoubtedly go back to Sugar 44, and I recommend if you're ever in the area to check them out. You will NOT be disappointed...and if you honestly think this place is too expensive, you don't need to be frequenting gentlemen's clubs. You need to be making a better budget.
5	This is the best strip club in town.  The place is safe, no shady people, or gang looking guys hanging around, its clean, the staff is awesome.  The girls rate at about an 8 or 9, but their really nice and genuine,  and honest, which in my book makes them a 10.
4	First, the talent (the most important factor in any club):Hot dancers who can hold a conversation as well as they do their, uh other skills. They tend to be long and lean (although there are plenty of curves as well), middling-to-heavily inked, very little plastic in evidence. They're not pushy at all and actually help one another out - I tipped one, she missed it and left it on stage when the next girl came up, the second girl warned her instead of sniping it, and the first girl came by to thank me and apologize for missing it. That's class right there. Staff: Friendly, personable and competent. Unobtrusive DJ who plays a good mix, leaning toward heavier music. Volume is high enough to provide a good background without making you shout to be heard.Prices: Entirely reasonable. Nobody's going to try to rip you off or try to hard-sell VIP.Premises: Yeah, the place is small, especially the stage. I like it, personally.I'm going with 4 stars instead of 5 only because when I arrived at 1930 on a Saturday, it was dead: two dancers, and one other customer who was nursing a drink at the bar. It picked up around 2230, so that's OK.Highly recommended.
1	Hold on tight to your wallet.  If you don't trust the sons of anarchy wannabe behind the bar with your card, he'll charge you the 10 dollar minimum with every order.
1	Hold on to your wallet here.  If you don't trust the sons of anarchy wannabe behind the bar with your debit card, he is going to charge you the two drink minimum with each swipe.Great place to go if have nothing better to do, like changing the air in your spare tire.
1	Don't ever go here.  They viciously attacked a friend of mine all over a dispute of the $10 minimum charge.  My friend had already paid the $10 minimum because everyone was planning on leaving so he cashed out.  When deciding to stay, he ordered one final beer.  When going to cash out they went to charge an additional $10.  My friend told them he had already paid the $10 charge a little bit before.  The bartender became defensive and asked if my friend was "trying to tell him how to run his bar".  My friend said No, but that he would dispute it with his credit card company if they charged another $10.  At this point the bartender punched my friend out of nowhere while his bouncer friends jumped on top of him, punching him, choking him, and kicking him in the ribs.  DO NOT GO HERE!!!
1	Not much has changed in the last month.  The place is still a dump.  Management gets pissed if you don't spend enough money.  Guess it really isn't worth trying a third time.  The guys that work there don't read their reviews, but you can recognize them from the ones they wrote.
1	12-19-2014. GO THERE IF YOU WANT TO GET VERBALLY AND PHYSICALLY ASSAULTED  I went there to apply for a job, FRIDAY around 5:30 pm, hung out with my friend there for a while, got a dance bought for me, we made friends with the girls, they were fun and nice. I spoke to the manager about a job, he told me to come back Sunday night, I agreed. I went to smoke and right back to our table.  Out of nowhere manager came outside,called me a hooker, harassed me, said I was working the floor whatever that meant and I was and I was to leave and never come back as he continued to passively aggressively verbally attacked me. He freaked me out, I was speechless and decided to get the hell out of there while he continued to harass me as I walked away to call my friend, I finally  yelled back at him thay he was a sick pc of crap and more,  of course, who wouldnt?! He waited until a bouncer came and they pulled me into the the parking lot property when I was off the property, both attacked me, kicked my purse further into the parking lot, threw me down on my face to the ground, cracked my head open, I got knocked out when I came too, my hands were behind my back, knee in my back while manager was pushing my face into the ground, calling me a bitch, asking if I liked it and other distgusting things. I felt like I was being raped without penatration. The police finally showed up and the bouncer and manager released me and were questioned while I was taken to the hospital. 6 stitches, Vertigo, concussion, knee damage, elbow all scraped up and bruised.  READ REVIEWS !!DO NOT TAKE THE RISK OF THE STAFF TAKING OUT A BAD DAY ON YOU. THIS IS NOT THE FIRST TIME THEY HAVE ATTACKED CUSTOMERS.
1	the name of the one of the guys working or owns Sugar 44 who assaulted me was Tim , the police did nothing to help me that night but lawyers and other law enforment involved now. Make sure to file all assaults that happen at sugar 44.  We have  researched and found several.  I am only 100 lbs and 5' and two of them jumped me and did major physical amd mental damage. After, Tim verbally assaulted me as well,  said" have a merry Christmas"  This place should be shut down!! bad news!!!
