4	Thank God for Michael's Pub!I'm a San Diego girl... they're Chargers fans.  It's a great place to be loud and cheer for your home team.  It's my home away from home.  The owners (?) were great and SO welcoming!  I can't say how happy I am that this place exists.  I hear it gets busy during the regular season so if you're planning on coming here on game days, I just went for a pre-season game and there was a pretty decent turnout.  The decor is regular bar decor.  Beer-inspired wall hangings, I believe a full bar, pool tables, and booth seating.  What's better than having a beer as LT looms over you?The food?  It's a dive bar with bar food; what's to expect?  It's the perfect food for a game, maybe not the perfect food for a first date.  Now if you've been together for years and don't care what gets on your face or what comes out of your butt later that night... it's perfect!The only con I can think of is the smoking... But I'm from California and apparently a whimp when it comes to cigarette smoke.  It's Las Vegas... of course you can smoke here.
5	Let's seee. Do I really want to watch the Charger game on a little ass plasma TV while other NFL games are shown in a room full of Dolphin (yuck), Broncos (ew), Cowboys (double ewl), and 49er fans (yikes) at a sports book back at the hotel? Orrrrrr go off the strip and chill with fellow members of the charger nation with the game projected on a big screen? Let's hop in a cab and head down to Michael's Pub. We had to bust out the GPS from the iphone to help the cab driver find this place. After declining to go to the strip club suggested by the cab driver 100 times, we finally found MP in a small strip mall. Moments after we walked up in the joint, I instantly knew we made the right choice of coming here. Charger fans everywhere, wall to wall of the small bar. During the 1st quarter, 6 Raven fans decided to come into charger territory. SD fans were really cool and respectful to them, but we had to let them know it was our house they entered. Boo birds sure gave them a warm welcome, and the chants sure made them feel uncomfortable throughout the game. "BALTIMORE: SUCKSSSS!!""RAVENS: SUCKKK!""YOU: SUCK!"I think the "GET THE FUCK OUT" Chant scared them off by halftime. Despite our 1st loss of the season, I'm sure we will meet Baltimore ravens deep in the post season! Chargers will always have the last laugh, because "THATS JUST HOW WE SPROLES!!!"CHARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!
5	Booths everywhere. Guys and gals everywhere. Great drink specials! You can feel how everyone is "Chaaarrged" up. You can feel the electricity through the place! Excitement is everywhere....ok I'll stop talking about the stripclub, I'm supposed to be reviewing Michaels Pub.This place rocked! Felt right at home with all the Charger fans. Jerseys everywhere!GOOD:- Food and drink specials. Chicken wings, burgers, sandwiches, fries- Free food at half time!- Charger love everywhere u look- Hardcore fans, bandwagon fans, ceiling fans..they got it all!- Tvs everywhereBAD:- Small bathroom. All that beer makes you pee! Only 2 stalls- Bar located 5.5 miles off the strip (if you don't have a car, cab fare adds up)- Got pretty hot in there. All the body heat made the temperature riseUGLY:- Last two plays of the game! Can we get some better play calling please?- Can someone please block Ray Lewis!?..why he gotta smash my boy Sproles like that!- Raven fans who rolled up in there, we showed them (even though they got the last laugh)Overall, we had a blast. Being in vegas, cheering on your home team with a bunch of Charger fans is the real deal!If you ever in Vegas and want to watch a Charger game, go to Michaels Pub! exSPROLESive!!!
4	My friends and I were visiting Las Vegas from San Diego and heard about this Chargers bar where we could watch the game. At the cross streets Flamingo Rd and Rainbow Blvd, the place wasn't hard to find at all. It is right behind to a drive-thru Starbucks, which is easy to see.We got there about 45 minutes before kick off and all the booths were taken, so I suggest if you want a good seat, go earlier! We were lucky enough to grab a spot at the table in front of the projector screen next to the loudest crowd in the house!The only downside was that it was hard to get our food order in, but that is completely understandable considering the amount of Charger fans in the house. I got the hamburger with fries and shared buffalo wings among friends. The hamburger is pretty typical, but still good, and the buffalo wings had a good amount of spice -- not too spicy, not too mild. Oh, and a pitcher of Bud Light was only $7!Psst, free popcorn in the back room! And when it's a slow day, they have free nuggets, fruit, or whatever they feel like giving you for free ;)Overall, a GREAT experience. Don't forget to wear your Chargers gear! Otherwise, you will feel out of place, and you won't get a raffle ticket to win prizes given during halftime!
5	A San Diego Chargers bar in Las Vegas?? We got to the pub about an hour before kick off and already, the place was packed! It really didn't bother be because I was amazed by all the Charger fans that were there all decked out in their best Charger gear! It's like home away from home, or better? Ha. Don't forget to wear your Charger gear so that you won't feel left out. But dont worry, everyone there is super friendly. The service may be a little slow, but considering that the place was super packed, your expected to wait a little longer for your food. The drinks were inexpensive too! A must go see place for every Charger fan! Booths everywhere...
3	You CANNOT get service during game days!  As much as I like this place and the camraderie, if I drive 20-25 minutes to get here from Henderson and can't get a freaking beer within 45 minutes it isn't worth it.  SAD FACE
1	Was recently in Vegas with about a group of 15 or so of the USG and we were all stoked to finally check out the "Awesome Charger's Bar in Vegas"Unfortunately the day of the game we weren't allowed entry into the bar due to some of the people in our party not having Charger gear making them apparently "Not Fans" of the team.  At first we thought they were joking until they started getting a little irate.  We were given the choice to buy their house shirts for $10 and gain entry but respectfully declined.I think this place can shove their policies up their a$$ along with the money they missed out on from our group.  Just because you wear a jersey doesn't make you a real fan.GG to you and your stupid policies you "REAL CHARGER FANS"
4	Oh, Michaels you are were dreams are made and broken, just like Vegas. I can remember seeing this bar when I was a kid and I was scared then, and I'm still scared now. Michaels is like a box of chocolate you never know what your going to get. HOWEVER the food is good and steady bar food, the chef is awesome and personable the food is always fresh, hot and made to order. Drinks are cheap and I always see old and new friends there, its the neighborhood bar of my childhood and adulthood.
5	I have been meaning to write a review here for years now!  I look forward to going here when I go to Vegas.  This spot is the SH$$$$T!!! My favorite and over any other bars in SD.  WHY you may ask? First of all, my first time ever going here, I felt like home.  Home where any CHARGERS fan belongs and should go to.  Second, they used to have $5 pitchers of beer but now I think is $6 but what the hell? They have free food during the half time.  Can't go wrong with that.  Then, if you are wearing anything Chargers, they give you a raffle ticket to get in their Chargers raffle.  I especially love the REGULARS and the STAFF bec they are very friendly.  Who doesn't like the CANON?  OMG THE CANON!! SOUND THE ALARM!!! haha that's for all the people who knows what I am talking about.   I would like to say hi to Michael.  Met the guy and he is super NICE!  The only down side for me is, people can smoke in the bar.  Hey, it's Vegas.  I just don't like reeking of Cigarettes and smelling like a homeless person leaving this joint.
5	This place is awesome.  I came here during the football season; you know when the Chargers were still playing? But I never got a chance to complete my review.  It was a great experience for me and my friends even though the majority of them were not Charger fans.  I love the atmosphere, the friendly staff, and the people!  I'm so glad I found this place and will definitely be back next year!When I walked in, the place was decked out in Charger gear;  including the people of course.  Since I was wearing Charger gear myself, they gave me a raffle ticket.  During half time, they raffled off Charger prizes.  My cousin won a cap, and my boyfriend won a coffee cup; of course he gave it to me.  I had lots of fun here, cheering our team on, high fiving everyone around, and screaming and yelling from the top of my lungs.Just be careful though, this bar allows smoking while serving food, so for all you non smokers, this place might not be for you.  I haven't tried the food yet, so I can't comment, but they have alcohol! Haha!  Oh, and they sell adult novelties in one of those bear claw type joy stick arcade games.
2	Not the best place to dine at. If you want to watch sports, they have alot of TVs but there are better places to go. Also, very smoky environment. I got a headache from staying there too long. I tried their all you can eat fish and chips....its mediocre. I rather pay a little extra for better quality.
4	*****2011 Entertainment guide...buy one get one free meal coupon*****Last time I was here was on New Year's...yep I decided to steer clear of the strip and spend my New Year's here! I am glad I did, met some cool people, they passed out party favors and champagne to roll in the New Year! They even set up a buffet of yummy munchies, mmm mmm good all for free!I have been several times prior as this pub is down the street from my house so very convenient. Great drinks, great food cooked from scratch, darts, pool tables...yes sir baby!Charger's bar all of the way, tons of memorabilia! I am from San Diego so always brings back memories :)Check it out :)
5	Charger Nation!  Bring your Charger gear here. Cheap drinks and friendly fans in Vegas.
4	What a great bar! It's been here forever and I wish I'd come here sooner. The happy hour specials great . The bartender has been here for 18 yrs and knows everyone . Fun bar!
5	If your a Charger fan and your in the Vegas area...Michaels pud is the place to be!  My favorite Charger bar by far!!!!Bolt Pride!!!!!!!
4	4 Stars still stand baby! My sis and I were in the mood to enjoy a few adult drinks and hang out at a locals spot so we chose Michael's. This pub is close to my house so we just walked over and prepared ourselves to get down and lushy. Glad we did, had a few strong island's. Then an awesome local group of guy's showed up and we all started hanging out and playing pool. Had a blast all night! We tried at the request and offerings from one of the guys a drink called "chocolate cake". Yeah that was dessert in a glass for sure, the rim iced with sugar, mmmm interesting. 3 shots of those creepers put us in the mood! The mood for food!~ lol The staff is warm and friendly, they have great food also 24/7. The patrons are the best crowd in comparison to any local bar I have been to here in Vegas. They play a mix of music, country, alternative, classic rock, 80's. CHARGER'S bar baby! Yeah! We will be back many more Friday's to come!
4	Alright so my sister and I were bored and wanted to get out of the house and get some drinks. We usually go to our regular locals bar Club Car which has the best bartender in the world Regina but she is not there on Fridays, so we thought we would go to Michaels Pub. We had a blast! This place is awesome as awesome as a local dive bar can get lol We each ordered a long island and were impressed how strong they were and ordered a second we were buzzin a lil just off of those two drinks..and trust me we are not light weights so they do make some pretty great drinks. Then we met a group of guys that are regulars and they bought us these shots of chocolate cake, now I am so not a fan of fruity or sweet drinks but because of how strong the great bartender made the shots I enjoyed them. This is a locals bar so don't expect any thrills but the locals and regulars that come here are very friendly and the bar tenders are pretty awesome! I will definitely be returning here!
4	Sunday football = free Burgers, donations please! 10$ pitchers (:
4	Wow! What a great place for Chargers fans to watch football, even when they lose. Better to be surrounded by sympathetic patrons than obnoxious Raider douche bags. You won't get any here.Teri W. review was perfect. Actually, food is very good for bar food. Free food during half time was surprisingly awesome. We will be sure to stop in when we come to Vegas, even in the off-season. The friendly vibes from owner and staff makes this a can't miss spot.
1	Didn't even set foot in the place, and got crappy service. We are hitting up Vegas for Crue concert on Sat, and looking for places to chill on Friday night. Was looking for bars that play classic rock, and this place came up in the list. I clicked the website but it's down, so then I called to get more information, and the dude who answered the phone was a total dbag. Easy call, skip this place.
1	Worst place ever to watch the charger game in vegas.  The bald short bouncer thinks he's all that.  He tries to imitidate you but he doesn't do shit.  I would never come back here.  Don't be scared of Michael. Or as I call him Michelle. He's all talk.   Piece of shot place to watch the game.
4	pros... are you san diegan stuck in las vegas? are you a charger fan?  are you wanting to hang out with people of like minds?  well this is the place to go if you are in vegas.  michael's pub is a great hang out.  my buddies and i had just come from san diego, and we wanted to watch the chargers vs. the raiders game.  so with all the yelp reviews, we decided to head off for the pub.  well better have your chargers gear on, as we were not let in unless you had them.  luckily for us, even though we were unprepared with the correct dress, which seems to be a running gag this trip to vegas for me.  the place actually sold some pro charger shirts for us.  the place is great, good food, and beverages.  and being a little piece of san diego, the people there were awesome.  and they were complete and totally loyal chargers fans in the desert of las vegas.  who would have thunk?  but if you are ever vegas and want to hang out with like minded charger fans, this is the place to go.  get there early as it gets super packed and crowded.cons...it's out in las vegas.  and have your charges gear on so you can get inside.  and be wary of the budda guy, he's really loud.
5	This is (was) the best place in Vegas to catch Chargers games.  Sadly, after 30 years, the doors will be closing on Monday, November 25, 2013.  November 24, 2013 will be our final Chargers game.  Please find our new home at Brewske's Pub at 3645 S Durango (between Spring Mountain & Flamingo).  Thanks for the memories Rick!!!
