2	I'm almost ashamed to say that I order pizza here, but I do. It's either this, Domino's (hate) or Papa John's (almost too good if you're hammered drunk.) The pizza always takes forever, and sometimes arrives cold. Last night I ordered wings from their Wing Street and they were actually edible, but the little dumbass delivery guy named Pedro didn't say a word the entire time he was standing at my door. I have to assume you know how to speak, as I'm sure even Pizza Hut has that requirement. Maybe he got lost in the bird poo forest on the way to my house and was scared off by the hazardous waste sign at my front door, or the fact that I answered the door with a gun on my hip. Either way dude, speak damnit!!!!But Pizza Hut, you'll be hearing from me next time I overdo the vodka and Grape Powerade drinks, and I'll still complain the next day.
1	Around 8 PM my roommates and I are hungry, not wanting to cook, so we decide on pizza. This Pizza Hut is a stone's throw from our house and we have a coupon, sounds simple enough.WRONG.After ordering online, I pull up to Pizza Hut around 8:30 and walk up to the door.It's locked. Confused, I try the other door. Locked. There's a boy inside sweeping. He looks at me, I gesture to the door, and he then continues to sweep. Huh?I walk back to my car and look up the phone number on my GPS, there is no answer, so I drive home. I get to the house and tell my roommates what happened, so we pull up the online order and see if we were able to order due to a glitch, since they were obviously closed. 9 PM closing time. It's now about 8:45 or so, and my phone rings as we are still looking at the computer. "Hey this is... from Pizza Hut.. are you going to pick up your pizza?"Um...I tried.."Okay.. so how long will it take you to get here?"Um...5 minutes I guess...I drive back and walk up to the door. The door is still locked, that kid in the corner is still sweeping. I knock loudly on the door and three people appear from the back kitchen area. "Sorry about the mix up, we upgraded your order for you."Open the box- instead of the Supreme Pizza Mia we ordered is a very old looking pepperoni stuffed-crust pizza.Huh?"So the total is $16.25."What? Is this happening?.. Um I'm not paying for this...Everyone looks at everyone awkwardly, but the kid in the corner keeps sweeping."Oh.. Okay..hold on."The man in a tie, who I assume is the manager goes into the back and grabs one of their new pasta dishes, and puts it on top of the unwanted pizza."Tell you what- Dinner is on me today, miss, have a great night."Um.. okay.. Thanks...Never got an explanation for the bizarre first trip and more importantly never even got the pizza we ordered.Drove back home.
4	this pizza hut has the nicest worker who has ever worked at pizza hut. his name is fred and he is awesome. he is usually working at the counter when i pick up my food.everything else is pretty much what you expect from pizza hut in general.
4	This Pizza Hut is a winner!  The staff is friendly and they have never messed up my order, even when I order online.  Since I live so close I have never had them deliver but I assume they do that pretty well.
4	I am torn between giving it 3 and 4 stars. It fills a niche that places like Cibo and The Parlor could never fill. [Rounding up from 3.5 stars]I've ordered pizza and/or wings here more times than I care to admit. They always have very reasonable prices and plenty of coupons and specials. And I have to say that tipsy or sober I have never had an issue with food quality or service. Everyone here has been friendly and when they say my order will be ready for pick up in 20-30 minutes it almost always is. Whether I order online, call in just before leaving work or dial them up from across the street as I sit at the bar, when I arrive my order it hot and ready. I have a thing for their wings, the crunchy ones with the new spicy Asian sauce or just plain, especially at 1230 after the kitchen at Turf has closed by midnight and I'm at least 2, going on 3, sheets to the wind and my initial plan of drinking my dinner isn't working out. The wonderfully thick and greasy pan pizza crust is the best late at night or for brunch the day after a night out. Their thin and crispy crust is generally my favorite. Ok and I admit it...some girls binge on ice cream when they are depressed. I like Pizza Hut pizza. [Much better than Domino's, Papa Johns, Peter Piper or Little Cesar's]
5	I can't believe I'm giving a junk food pizza chain 5 whole stars..but this place is great! Probably one of the best Pizza Hut's I've been to. I always get my pizzas delivered from this place (Can't always go to Cibo!) and they are always consistently awesome! Not sure why the other reviewers have had such a tough time...and I am a frequent customer. Perfectly greasy flaky crusts, and excellent fresh toppings. Pizzas are always delivered ahead of their approximated schedule and are always piping hot. I don't have a bad thing to say about this place. I never order anything else but their pizza.  I just encourage them keep up the consistency and freshness and customers will be very happy!
1	Went in to pick up my order and on my way out I heard one of the employees make a disparaging (racist?) remark.  I turned around and the two people (one of whom looked like a "manager") at the counter were laughing.  I went back in and asked if the comment was directed at me.  Both stopped laughing and said it wasn't, and that it was directed at one of them, which I suppose in their eyes made it okay.  I told them how inappropriate the comment was regardless, and left.  I emailed Pizza Hut with my complaint.
5	My food is always hot and ready on time. Never had delivery though. I always find the staff and food excellent.
1	Horrible experience! After waiting an hour I got a cold pizza delivered to me! Best of all it had no sauce! Didn't want to wait so just got jimmy johns next door! Called the manager, Denice to explain frustration of what transpired the previous day only to be told to argue with the rude manager. This place sucks!
1	Today I ordered a medium meat lovers pizza for delivery. When the delivery boy showed up, he gave me a cheese pizza, and when I gave him a twenty, he said he has no change - taking a seven dollar tip. To make it worse, when I called to complain, the man on the phone did not apologize until I asked to speak to the manager. Do yourself a favor and order somewhere else.
