4	They were parked outside of the Mondiale de la Biere on the first day of the festival, and so, after long hauling it from one end of the Palais to the other, I decided to reward myself with one of their grilled cheese sandwiches.The herboiste (or something to that effect) is 2 slices of white bread, jammed packed with a mishmash of ricotta cheese, cornichons, capers and herbs. Nothing froufrou about this place, they don't seem to be trying to elevate the sandwich, instead, they are just doing the right thing, offering a twist on an old fashioned standby. I like that simplicitly... KISS!
4	I checked these guys at last night at the Quartier des Spectacles. It was tough to pick a food truck, as they were all set up at exactly the same time. However, all I could think about was grilled cheese with bacon. Enough said, right?  I was pleasantly surprised at the size of the grilled cheese - I was worried it would be ginormous, but it was the perfect size for one person (i.e. regular bread was used). The cheese had a strong flavor - a bit stronger than I normally like, but the caramelized onions and bacon balanced everything out perfectly. Despite the fact that it's a load of carbs, the sandwich was surprisingly light. My personal preference would be for thinner, crispier bacon though. I think they use peameal, which is thicker. I found it a little chewy for my taste. Otherwise, c'est bon!
4	This past weekend, I was able to make his first visits to the area to continue my quest of trying all the trucks. First up, I hit up P.A. &amp; Gargantua from some grill-cheese sandwiches. Gargantua is all about gourmet grill-cheese using local Quebec cheese, unique breads and adding some extra goodies to make an awesome sandwich. On this day, they were using cheddar from L'Ile-aux-Grues and a Mie au lait bread. I decided to try the bacon sandwich - which adds bacon, shallot confit and smoked butter.Off the bat, the bread is grilled perfectly. Nice colour and crunch while keeping the interior a little soft to go with the melted cheese. The bacon, to my pleasant surprise, was actually thick-cut bacon and not overly crispy so it added a nice fattiness to the sandwich. The cheese was warm and melted all the way through but maintained some thickness to it so it wouldn't just fall out of the sandwich. Great richness came out of that cheddar. This wasn't some cheap Velvetta cheese here. The shallots and the smoked butter added a nice notes as well but thankfully didn't overpower the flavour of the cheese and the bacon. Well done overall.
3	I like cheese..and I like bread.. But for some reason, I've never been a fan of grilled cheese sandwiches.However, I must say that I had a grilled cheese sandwich from these guys and it was quite good. Ate it in about 3 seconds. Definitely way over priced for what you get, but delicious nonetheless.I tried them at Quartier des Spectacles, although I'm not sure where they are located now...If you do find them, try the GC's...But expect to pay $8 for a tiny sandwich...
1	This is the most insulting meal I've had this month. I ordered a chilli grilled cheese sandwich and was served 2 slices of cheap white bread with unmelted cheese and a tablespoon of lukewarm chilli in the middle. Uhm, really? And that for almost $10. I was left baffled, hungry and extremely disappointed. For a truck that specializes in grilled cheeses sandwiches, it's just not ok.
