2	I came here while on my way to Greenland. Remembered that I needed some items for the gym, and it was convenient. I should have sucked it up and waited until I got to Target. Sometimes you forgo a little extra money to avoid hassle. This experience would not have been that bad if the girl at the cosmetic counter was not so rude. She did not look at me when I asked her where an item was located. Then when she finally glanced up to tell me where it was, she had an agitated look and condescending tone. In the end, I just wanted to grab what I needed and leave. They are not well stocked and I was lucky to find the last item on the shelf. I count it a blessing that they did not run out, because I would not look forward to asking the girl for help again. Got to the counter with money in hand so that I could get out of there as fast as possible to find out that the label on the shelf was priced wrong. Not wanting to extend my stay I paid and left.
4	Not too much to say about this location; just your typical standard Walgreens.  The Pharmacy staff is awesome and very accommodating.  They recognize their regulars by name and are always willing to help.  Front store staff is also very nice and helpful.
5	For all those times that you stood by me.For all the joy you brought to my life.For all the wrongs that you made them right.I'll be forever thankful.You're the one who held me up The one that never let me fall.You saw me through it all. Centrum when I was weak.Unison to help me sleep.Visine when I couldn't see. Cepacol when I couldn't speak.Even prep H when I couldn't seat.I'm everything I am because you healed me. You gave me wings and made me fly.You took me high I could touch the sky.You said no star was out of reach.I lost my faith you refilled it back.You stood by me and I stood tall.I had your love, I had it all.I'm everything I am because you "love" me.
3	Slow slow slow check out.. There are several other employees just stocking when the line is pretty long.  I wish they would just quickly come over and check people out and stock later.. but this is a convenient location near my work so.. I use it often regardless of slow service.
5	This is a review for the Take Care Clinic inside of this Walgreens. I scheduled an appointment online for 11:30AM, got there a little late and was seen within 10 minutes. I saw another guy walk in right before me and he didn't have to wait much longer. They post wait times on their website too.Overall, great for the price and convenience and the doctor was nice and knowledgeable.
2	This Walgreen is convenient close to my house I only go in there sometimes.  They have pretty good sales, But the regular priced stuff is ridiculous.  The one thing that reallllly bugs me is club cards!!! I hate them, bur now a a days most stores have a 'house' card for people to use when they dont have the time nor do they want a club card.  This place refuses to let you use a house card and wants you to sit and fill out the form to get one.  Don't got time for it and don't want one.
3	This pharmacy was the only one in town that had a prescription I needed. They were nice over the phone when I called to ask, and super nice when I dropped off my prescriptions.Of course...they waited until I got home to call me to tell me that they don't take my insurance...but being the only place I could get this script filled, I asked them to fill it anyway.Without insurance it was only $18.  Not bad at all. Service was great.  I would come back here if they took my insurance.
