3	I've been wanting to stop in this place since it opened and finally had the chance. I stopped in right after work around 5pm this is definitely not a happy hour bar but people you should give it a chance... They have a small outdoor seating area and the bar was very nice. The drink specials were great I'm not sure if this is every Tues. but they had $3 house martini's in pineapple and strawberry, flavors, $2 Kamikaze shots, & $1 PBR's. Why people don't frequent this place for happy hour is a mystery with those kinds of specials The friendly bartender said the place usually gets busy around 8pm...I will have to try to make out again.
1	This is a poorly run business with shoddy service at best, run by a guy with only the most basic understanding of how he should treat people.  I played several nights there as a musician, during which my friends and guests were treated to slow bar service, misrepresented prices, and inflated bills.  Did I mention that at the end of the night, I didn't get paid what I asked?I'd stay away from this place - there's a myriad of better options nearby with Gin Mill, Tavern on the Tracks, and Tyber Creek.
1	I don't know how people are saying they have 2 for 1 or $3 martinis on Tuesday.  We tried going since we had some time to kill before a show, but they said the information posted on the internet is not correct.  We were handed a menu with a limited list of $8-12 martinis and $5 import beers.  So we left and went a couple of blocks  over to the Gin Mill and had $2.50 import and craft beers.  See ya Roxx....won't go here gain.
3	It's a MARTINI Bar.. My favorite drink is the Oatmeal Cookie... It picks up about 9:30p on Thursday's due to an upscale "Soulcial" event.From my experiences here, they have a cool bartending staff, however, they don't have the NFL network, and you can't watch a lot of the PRO games due to this... Could be a great bar to take a business colleague to that's in town for a few days looking for something to do while in town.The small patio area is great as well for summer months... I just think they need to advertise a little more for a happy hour crowd, and offer up better specials as well.
3	Nice spot inside and out... Drinks on the higher side, on Friday and Sat it gets pack to where its hard to move but most of the time you don't mind what's next to you...
3	The music is LOUD, the drinks are PRICEY, and the people are VERY GOOD LOOKING!If this sounds like an ideal situation for your Friday night, head over to On the Roxx. It's got easy parking (street spots always seem to be available), a wide variety of specialty drinks, and a nice lounge area that's able to be roped off for private parties.The staff is also very honest - I witnessed one person leave their iPhone behind one night, only to have the bouncer pick it up, call their last dialed list and returned the phone to them that night. Honesty is very, very attractive in a nightlife establishment!
3	This place was ok. The beer was cold (plus) but the music was SOOO loud. I understand its a lounge/club thing but it was to the point where you could barely hear yourself think. I would probably go again because its a great place to people watch and observe. I will say that the decor inside is very trendy/modern and I enjoyed it.
4	I really liked this place!It's not very big, and the atmosphere is just ok...but the music was good and the drinks were delicious! A huge plus...was the bartender!! She was very nice! Just tell her what you like and she'll create an awesome drink for you! My new personal favorites are the Southbeach Martini and the Sweet tart shots! Awesome! I hear on Fridays they have a DJ so I'll definitely be back!
