2	This burger joint is just 100% average in food. The hamburgers are very very standard (think five guys) and the fries and salads are similar. I think I have to take off a star for the weird cafeteria feel inside, and I'm tired of the whole "read the menu on a chalkboard at the front door than proceed to check out" idea. Just like at Sauce and Rumbi grill, it causes some decent traffic jams at the entrance where you feel rushed making your selections. $32 for two burgers and two beers isn't horrible, but it is when you're eating off of to-go trays. Disappointment all around.
2	First of all, if you are a vegan they don't understand what a vegan is. The manager asked me if I wanted to try the horseradish sauce, I asked him if it was vegan and he said "yeah there's no meat in it" I asked him what all was in it and he said, sour cream, horse radish and mayo. I said, oh well thats not vegan then, and he once again said, yeah it is there is no meat in it. I told him that dairy, such as sour cream and mayo is not vegan. He said oh and walked away. They said that their buns and the veggie burger were also vegan, but I would not trust them.I had the sweet potato fries which were okay. The smell when I was in there was okay, because it is a coal oven it has kind of a different smell. But when I got home I knew there was going to be problems. The smell of the coal oven got on my clothes, skin and hair. It stunk so bad I had to immediately take a shower. Even after taking a shower and sleeping for 8 hours, it still stunk so bad that I had to take another shower right away when I woke up. My clothes stunk so bad that I had to wash them twice. The friends that I went with said that their burgers were just okay. The service however was very good. It was their grand opening day so we had alot of people approaching our table asking about the food. It was a little hard to carry on a conversation with everybody interrupting  us, but I understand that it was their first day and they were just eager to see how we liked it. I would never go back just because I dont want that awful smell on me or my clothes again, and the fact that I am a vegan. However the customer service was so good that I will recommend this place to others, with a warning of the smell.
2	Quite frankly one of the worse burgers I've had.  I ordered the signature "Coal Burger" figuring this would be the best example of what they had to offer.  After a couple bites, I had to douse it with ketchup and mustard just to choke it down.   Burgers are served medium and are not cooked to order.  That said mine was well done.   On top of this, only being open a week, they are definitely still working out the kinks.  For those of you french fry lovers out there, Cool Burger fries taste a lot like those at Wendy's in my opinion so not bad but nothing I'd call special.Two stars for good shakes, nice atmosphere, friendly staff, and cool location.My take is Scottsdale Quarter is a very cool new scene with great people watching so definitely a great location to check out.  Just do so at one of the other numerous restaurants.    Five Guy fans (I'm not) will find one across the street and numerous places in this area will serve up a better burger than Coal.   For those of you able to travel and dying for a truly amazing burger, Zinburger in the Biltmore Fashion Park about 25 mins away is phenomenal !!!
2	Overpriced mediocre food...save your taste buds and wallet!
1	$30 for two people to eat "In n Out" quality burgers in a "Chipotle" atmosphere. Rip off. Save your money
4	After reading the reviews about this place, we were a bit nervous.  But, we love Grimaldi's and the concept behind Coal Burger.  They use organic grass fed beef and promote a green style of food production.   We ordered a couple of Cheese Burgers for the kids, Green Chile Burgers for the adults and some fries and sweet potato fries.  The burgers are probably around 4 to 5 ounces which is an appropriate serving.  All of us also chose a whole wheat bun.  After about  5 minutes, our food came out.  It looked good, smelled good and most importantly tasted really good!  The burgers were cooked medium, cheese melted and gooey and the buns were the perfect size for patty.  The green chilies added some nice flavor.  The sweet potato fries were o.k..  I find that they are often dry wherever we go.  The french fries on the other hand were great-cooked to a slight crisp and perfectly salted. I think some people might not be used to taste or the price of a grass fed burger. They have less fat, more nutrients and just are not the same as a grain fed burger.  I also think the first reviewers might have suffered from going right after the place opened.  I believe you need to give a place time figure it out before venturing inside.  All in all a solid meal.
4	I don't understand all the negative reviews about this place!!   Ease up, people! I decided to try it anyways and I'm glad I did.Had the bacon cheeseburger and it was delicious...and, I have to say, I'm usually pretty picky about burgers. Got a side of sweet potato fries and they were ADDICTIVE. SO GOOD!! Tried the hazelnut-milk chocolate gelato milkshake and it was luscious...very, very tasty! Service was great! My friend and I couldn't decide what we wanted because everything sounded so good. Two servers approached us and kindly offered up some suggestions, even recommending not to spend the money on 2 sides when one side of fries would feed us just fine, without trying to hurry us along. After I ordered a water, I immediately regretted it when I saw rows and rows of natural fountain sodas (like sugar cane soda!).  I didn't try it but will definitely try it next time I go. Then once we finished our meal, the staff didn't try and push us out. They let us stay a bit as we nursed our food comas. Wonderful food. Great staff. Reasonable prices.  I will definitely be returning to Coal Burger.
2	Had the Burger with Blue Cheese and Bacon with a side of sweet potato fries.  Burger was tasty but very small.  Fries needed a lot of salt and were in very small pieces.  Overzealous waitress kept trying to take our plates.  Two burgers, two sides, one bottled water for $25 is way too expensive for the portions.
5	Good burgers, great chocolate hazelnut shake (I would go back just for that) and good service.Not sure why most people are so negative  about it. It was a good experience and the burgers were delicious.
5	As a gluten free person, I was extremely excited to hear that there was a place with good gluten free burgers. If you eat gluten free bread you must understand that this is not regular bread and it always going to be a bit different. The chefs make sure their gloves are changed and nothing is cross-contaminated. (which is a big deal if you understand what being gluten free means). I was very comfortable eating my gluten free burger in the clean environment and also knowing that it was the best quality burger. Yes, the meat is cooked medium well but that is something the restaurant must to do in order to cook it in the oven the way they do. I did not mind it at all though. The people that work there are knowledgable about their ingredients and understand food allergies. They also understand quality. How many food places can you say know exactly where their food is coming from and what ingredients are in them?! The last good thing I have to say is about the soda. Their soda machine is amazing and has no preservatives and is made with natural sugar. It did not hurt my sensitive stomach at all and it felt amazing to have good soda to go with my already awesome burger. I love going to Coal Burger and being able to walk away satisfied with my meal and not feel like a just ate a ball of grease.
5	I loved this place! I have a weakness for a burger and fries, but try to limit it since it's not the healthiest thing in the world. Plus I'm really trying to make an effort to be more socially conscious about the meat I choose to eat. Coal burger is the answer to this! It's a non-greasy, yet flavorful option that leaves me feeling satisfied and less guilty. Our order: *BBQ Burger (coleslaw, chipotle bbq sauce, and cheddar cheese). Great combo of flavors. *Green Chili Burger (roasted green chilis, sweet jalapenos, and provolone). The spicy-sweet combo was really good, but it was a little dry so we added some the "Coal Burger Sauce" to it... Perfection! Coal Burger Sauce is like 1,000 Island but much, much better. *Sweet Potato and Regular French Fries (cooked in rice bran oil - I've noticed this at a few restaurants. It must be a new trend). I liked them! The rice oil makes them a lot less greasy. I actually liked the regular fries better. Just order one basket for two people - plenty to go around. *Sodas - I'm not a fan of sodas,  but Coal Burger doesn't carry your regular syrupy sodas. They have natural sodas made with cane sugar and flavors like ginger ale, lemon lime, and black cherry. A little about portions, since I saw some yelpers comment about that.  The fries were generous and the burgers were normal-sized. I just think everyone is so used to the mass portions restaurants serve now, so these might seem small. I felt full and satisfied and my boyfriend did too (and he's in Fat Burger's hall of fame, so that should tell you something).My spiel about grass-fed, pasture-raised beef and why I will pay a few extra dollars for it. 1) It's lower in fat (grain/corn diets are not what cows are meant to eat and it makes their meat fattier)2) It tastes better... less processed. 3) No antibiotics or hormones4) I just feel better buying meat from cows that were raised humanely. 5) I like to support small farmers/cattle ranchers (vs mass production corporations)
3	I went here last night for dinner with a party of 6.  It was about 8pm and the place was pretty dead so there was no line to order.  The decor is very neat and clean but nothing special.  I do however like the open kitchen so you can see how they cook everything.  Everyone who works there is very friendly and pretty speedy with everything.Everything looked to be cooked fresh to order and our entire order was out in well under 10 minutes.* American Salad = very good but nothing very special.* Green Chili Burger = eh.  Sounds better than it is.  The meat is ok I guess but I didn't like the bun because it was too dry or something.  The "sweet jalapenos" had an ok spice to it but I couldn't really tell if they were sweet or not.  The green chili looked to be from a can.  There really wasn't too much going on in the way of flavor for this burger.* Regular Fries = very good.  Perfectly crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside.  They were also perfectly salted and not too greasy.* Sweet Potato Fries = these were very good as well.* Soda fountain = very unique.  Not your typical Coke/Pepsi type machine.  Everything is a brand I never heard of before and uses pure cane sugar for the soda instead of chemicals (except for their diet stuff).  The sodas were pretty good but a tad to sweet for me.Not sure I'm going to rush back here.  I guess I really don't care about the whole organic, eco-green, we-save-the-Earth type restaurants.  I'd rather just have awesome food.  However, I like to try one of their gelato milk shakes though.  They do sound and look fantastic.
4	We went there on a Friday night as a party of 8, with 3 kids under the age 4. Surprisingly they don't list their kids menu on-line but have a friendly kid menu with hot dogs, chicken fingers and mac n cheese. Food arrived quickly and was delicious. I had a harvest salad and added some chicken, lets say delicious! I would definitely recommend it! The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is its a order at the counter and wait... Great food and very kid friendly!
4	Fellow Gluten Free Comrades REJOICE, I repeat REJOICE! I have stumbled upon a fantastic gluten free burger place! Okay, the Williams clan tummies' were rumbling and we decided to try this Grimaldi's sister restaurant, Coal burger. We were greeted by simple and modern decor when we walked up to the counter to order- I find no problem with ordering and sitting down, but I know people who do. When I mentioned I needed to be gluten free, they made sure that all of the extras were okay for me, something I really care about! I mean it seems they care! We didn't have to wait at the counter and they served us our food and any condiments we needed to our table- a nice touch, but possibly because it was not packed. ORDER THE GELATO SHAKES, yes, I know that they cost more than a glass of wine, but seriously one of the best shakes in my life and with the cutest giant red straws. (It's sad how the little things get me so excited) Also they do all sugar cane sodas- which is always a fun mix from the usual. Now to the gluten free burgers- you need to understand, gluten free bread is usually gross. I know there are exceptions, but I was expecting the worst when I arrived. The bun was decent- a tad dry, but I will gladly try it again. It was just fantastic to feel "normal" again, dramatic I know. It gets annoying ordering just a patty with all the fixins. I am also going to have to try the burgers with the lettuce wraps. We did notice the smaller portions for the expensive price, but I mean it seems to be expected as a trendy place at Scottsdale Quarter...Both the fries (sweet and regular) were good, nothing amazing but yummy. Overall if I was just ranking it on being gluten free I would give it 5 stars instantly, I will definitely be back and willing to fork out money to people who care about my health and will do anything to try to not make me sick.  But on the other side as a normal restaurant, it is nothing to rave about, kinda expensive and smaller portions (love the mentality bigger is better) so I would of ranked it a 3. So it seems to be an even 4 stars in my book, a must try for gluten free eaters!
1	The food wasnt bad but I have made burgers that taste the same on my own grill.  Serving average burgers wouldnt be so bad if the atmosphere was fun or gave you a happy feeling but that wasnt the case either.  I really dont see what the big deal is here.  30 dollars for a couple to eat and your burger is small.... Sorry I wont be going back.
5	I see absolutely nothing wrong with this place. It is more expensive than McDonald's but have you compared the price of organic ground beef to multi-cow chubs at your local grocery store lately? And wait, isn't Five Guys about the same price? I found the taste to be very good actually. I love the brioche bun. I tasted every bit of coal/wood fire in my burger. I do prefer mine a bit less done, but I didn't ask if it could be cooked to a different temp. I love the bib lettuce instead of iceburg. My salad was tasty with a very good basil avocado dressing and nicely appointed with deseeded and peeled cucumbers and grape tomatoes. And not overly dressed. I tasted my husband's french fries. They were hot and fresh, I agree nothing unique, but good quality. The soda fountain is unique in that it serves cane sugar sweetened soda. Much better than HFCS. And yes I'm sure more expensive.The service was very attentive, the place was clean, and very "green" feeling. They even use L.E.D. lighting.In summary, if you're looking for somewhere to eat cheap, and gorge yourself silly, and could care less about your carbon footprint, then this may not be your thing. But if you're concerned about the quality of your ground beef and want a great tasting burger that fits into your healthy diet, then I think you'll appreciate what they are offering here.
3	I'm giving this place 3 stars because, and ONLY because of their shakes. I had the hazelnut gelato shake and it was OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!! Probably the best I've ever had. Their claim to fame, the burger,  however was not so impressive. My burger was a tiny, over-cooked, over-priced, dry hockey puck of a disappointment. The toppings were sparse. the sweet potato fries were so-so. It's hard to mess those up, and they are basically the same wherever you go. So ultimately, if you are looking for a good burger, in my opinion, move along. On the other hand, if you are looking for an awesome milkshake, this is as good as it gets.
3	This place was pretty good. We walked in and ordered our burgers and fries and took a seat. While waiting we noticed we didnt order any sauces for our fries so we put 3 in hoping to get them at the same time as our food, but that didnt happen...we waited and waited till finally we asked if we were going to get them...The burger i had was the Bacon Bleu Cheese Burger it was pretty good.
5	I love a good burger. I especially love a good grass-fed beef burger. Since most places do not serve grass-fed beef I was excited to discover Coal Burger. if you don't know, grass-fed beef is healthier than grain-fed, for you and the cows!Upon my first visit, they did not disappoint. The boyfriend and I went here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. It wasn't very busy so we hopped right up to the counter and ordered - 2 burgers and an order of fries/half sweet potato. Our food came out quickly and was nice and hot. I've never had a coal oven baked burger before but it tasted a lot like a grilled burger like you'd have at a cookout (coal - duh, it took me a second to make the connection). Some reviewers have said the burgers were overcooked. I would not agree. My burger was done just right, not dry at all. The bun was also nice and fresh - an important component to a good burger in my book. And the best part was that there was lots of cheese!The fries were solid. A little too salty but good overall. I'm very happy to see that they are opening a location in Chandler soon. I will visit them for sure! Can't wait to enjoy yummy grass-fed burgers again.
1	Went here with some buddies, and we all had something different. The food was really bad, to begin with when my brother took a bite out of his burger, it was raw! ground beef, yuck! The chicken burgers were the same, cold and under cooked. I had the chicken salad, and the chicken was under cooked as well. But here is the worst, we left comment cards, which weren't bad. Just stating the fact that the food was under cooked, and tasteless. As we walked by the waitress and the cook (some punk in a pony tail) were staring at us and the cook flips us off. I was not about to have that! some punk thinks he's all that in front of the girls, So I walk back in, and the goof runs off like a CHICKEN:) I spoke with the manager, and he said he will take care of it. But I doubt that, because I noticed the comment cards in his hands as I was walked out, and he was tearing them up. Obviously  trying to cover up their backs. So stay clear of this place
4	Halim took me here while we were shopping one day.  Delicious burgers and black cherry soda.  This is one of those green restaurants too, which is nice. We both had burgers and had no complaints. Nice atmosphere, decent prices and good burgers.If you're in the area check it out and enjoy!
2	I was really excited to go to Coal Burger. I believe in what they stand for and was excited about being able to get natural / hormone free meats.  Unfortunately, it wasn't up to par with my expectations.  First, the GOOD: + The milkshake was absolutely to die for.  If I was craving a milkshake, I would go back for this reason alone.  + I also liked the natural sodas.  If you have ever had a soda from a home soda fountain, that is what it tastes like. My husband disagreed, however, and really missed the ability to get a Diet Coke. (he went with the iced tea which was also good).+ Employees were friendly and manager stopped by to check on my 3 year old daughter several times+ Fries (we got half reg & half sweet potato) were pretty good and definitely tasted lighter due to the type of oil CB uses. (no icky film in your mouth from the grease ala McDonald's!)The NOT so GOOD:- The burger was just OK, nothing to rave about (a little overdone, dry, not a lot of flavor) - CB doesn't have any fresh tomatoes, only roasted tomatoes.(Yes, Really!) This was a big one for me, and I heard someone else comment on this while I was there.- I got the "chicken club burger" and it was GROUND chicken and flavorless.  I was really expecting a grilled chicken breast.  Maybe I didn't read the description right, but because other places I have been to that referred to a chicken burger served chicken breasts that is what I expected.- I felt like it was a little overpriced compared to other (better) burger places.  For $32 we got: 1 burger, 1 chicken burger, 1 half & half fries, vanilla milk shake, 2 fountain drinks. (disclaimer, not super expensive, but food wasn't great and other burger places are a few $$ less - and better)Long story short: there are too many other good places to eat (burger and non-burger) in Scottsdale.  I won't visit CB again.  If I want a burger I will go to Smash Burger or even 5 Guys which are much better in my opinion.
4	The veggie burger is vegan!  It was pretty good.  Not the best I've ever had, but definitely good.  The sweet potato fries are fantastic!  Love the concept of this place.  They have natural cane soda and stevia to sweeten the tea.  The staff was very welcoming and helpful.  I will be frequenting this restaurant in the future!
2	The "chicken burger" with jerk sauce was gross. It was dried out with terrible flavor. The only saving grace was that it was small, which says enough right there. As another reviewed said, it was a ground chicken patty when I was expecting a grilled chicken breast after going to places like Johnny Rockets where I believe they have a similarly named section of the menu that refers to chicken breast sandwiches. I realize I have myself to blame on that misunderstanding, but it was still a terrible sandwich.
3	I'm giving it 3-stars because I've never actually set foot in the place. My husband brought dinner home from here, so this review is based on food only.Fries-2 stars. Nothing special and not really crispy. Decent flavor, but basically like big, doughy potato strips a la Wendy's. Not my fav.Burger- 4 stars. I actually really like the flavor of the the burger. The crust on it from being seared in that oven- totally different taste from In n Out, which is the only other burger I eat. The burgers are the same size as In n Out, which is fine with me. I don't understand the folks that complained that the burgers are small...if you need to gorge yourself, get the half-pounder. Sheesh. Also, I'm not a fan of tomatoes on my burger- they just make the bun all soggy, so, the fact that they don't offer fresh ones is fine by me. The "coal sauce" is pretty good on the burger, but nothing outstanding. It was really the actual burger that was the winner in this dinner.
5	GREAT PLACE, LOVED IT  We received a 15% off coupon in the mail so we thought we'd give it a try, just figured it was burgers.  This place is GREEN and has little posters hanging all over letting you know what different ways they are doing their part to make a difference.  The beef is all natural, hormone free & for a $1.00 up-charge your burger can be made with ORGANIC GRASS FED beef, which is what my husband ordered in the western style...I ordered the chicken club burger...the way it comes sounded more flavorful than it actually was, but it did seem really lean...next time I will chose one of their other burger types, like the western & I'll just sub with the chicken patty as I don't eat beef.  We split an order of fries & they were fabulous, reminded me of how Wendy's fries used to be...and there is a poster on the wall telling you the type of oil (which I can't remember now) that they are fried in has antioxidants & vitamins in it.  After we ate, I wanted a shake I had seen on the menu...Hazelnut Milk Chocolate, I added malt and chose the coconut whipped cream...OMG BEST SHAKE EVER...forgot to mention that the shakes are made with gelato...even my husband said it might be the best shake he's ever had.  It's the kind of place where you order & pay at the counter & they bring your food out to your table.  A person who seemed to be a manager came over to our table a couple of times to see how we were enjoying our food & offered up some other tidbits on their GREEN products & was super friendly.  Can't wait to go back & give the chicken burger another try.
1	While i really am not one to write a bad review,  I could bot help but express my discontent with Coal Burger. I came in today for lunch with my family. My aunt and grandmother had hamburgers and my brother and i had the chicken club sandwich. First I must say. There was nothing wrong with the customer service or the decor. However, the food was arguably the worst most overpriced burger/ chicken sandwich i have ever had. The Chicken club tasted like it came from a cafeteria. I was expecting a breast but it tasted like it was ground and completely flavorless. I had a bite of the hamburger and was equally disappointed. It literally tasted like there was no seasoning on the meat, no salt, no pepper nothing. The portion  size was small and they didn't even have utensils to spread condiments or cut a burger in half if you wanted too. Seemed like a lot of smoke and mirrors. worst $60 meal of my life. I dont like fast food but McDonalds is even better. Maybe spend a little less time worrying about the fake grass on the tables and make sure the cooks are properly seasoning their food and use real chicken breasts for your sandwich.
1	Wow I couldn't have been more disappointed with the food. I am far from a picky eater but the burgers were bland and over priced (I have no problem paying even more if it taste good). Service staff was great but the frozen style tasteless patties and fries were massively disappointing. You couldn't get me to eat here again if someone paid me.
3	So I am a HUUUUUUUUGE fan of Grimaldi's pizza so I was very excited to try out their burger joint with the coal oven taste.  However I was very disappointed that the burger and buns didn't have that smokey flavor the pizza's do.  Now I am not saying it was bad by any means but for the $13 ticket for a burger fries and a soda I don't think I will be back.  It's just not that good to demand that price.  It's worth a trip to try it out and with grass fed beef and natural sodas it's better quality than most burger joints.  The space is nice and large and there are many options from sauces to style of burgers.  Overall it's a 3/5 A-OK from me.
1	Nothing special here, burgers were not anything out of the ordinary. And for the price....Thanks but no thanks, i will stick to making my own.
3	I guess this is somewhere between a 'five guys' and a 'grind' in terms of price and quality.  I was hoping that the coal fire would distinguish it a little more.  We'll leave the mark at slightly above average for now.
2	Veggie burger isn't all that. I've had much better at The Lodge and Zinburger. Sweet potato fries are lackluster.
3	The bf and I wanted to try someplace different on our venture out to North Scottsdale so we decided to give Coal Burger a try.  The menu is pretty small, which isnt good or bad.  I had the green chile burger and my bf had the bacon blue burger and we shared a side order of mixed fries.  The burgers were not bad but not great.  The flavors were pretty well mixed together but the burger itself was just blah!  The fries were ok as well, nothing special.I would go back to give them another try.  They have interesting sodas on tap that are natural.  The shakes look good so will try those the next time I am in the area.
3	Coal fired burgers...awesome.
2	I went here tonight for dinner with a friend. The menu was really limited and for being a burger place, they only had 6 burgers to choose from. 5 of the 6 options were out for me because I do not enjoy spicy toppings or bacon. I ended up getting the original coal burger and essentially "creating my own" toppings. When we got our food, I was surprised at how thin and small the burger actually was (I got the 1/3 lb) and my friend got the 1/2 pound. His burger was slightly thicker than mine. The food was OK but nothing special. We ordered the mixed fries, which in my opinion were the best thing we ate there. I also would not recommend ordering their soda to anyone who is used to Coke or Pepsi products because they make all their soda in house using cane sugar. My diet coke tasted nothing like diet coke.For 2 burgers, 2 drinks and a mixed order of fries, our bill was almost $25. To me, it was overpriced and not that great. I will not be coming here again nor will I be recommending them to anyone.
3	I went to Coal Burger with my date for a quick dinner before a movie at iPic. We were promptly seated. The atmosphere is interesting ... sort of like the dark side of True Food Kitchen (same bare bones, simple, but nice decor, but with food that is delicious in a different way - a fattening one!). As usual, here it goes:I would have to agree that the menu was fairly sparse, which brings up the famed and feared Gordon Ramsay test: Simplicity in menu means absolute perfection is required. I ordered a chicken sandwich with "ranchero" sauce, which was unfortunately disappointing. The panko crusted chicken breast was not well done - one side was completely uncoated, and the sandwich did not have much of a taste character to it. I also had a side of fries which were delectable. Just added a pinch of salt. Price points were actually pretty good for a restaurant in the Scottsdale Quarter. A good place for a quick, less formal meal before a movie at iPic or after a day of shopping in the Quarter. My date had the bacon bleu burger which looked delicious and had a healthy helping of caramelized onions that looked to be excellently done. My absolute favorite is their non-Coke / non-Pepsi soda products - for about the same price as Coke and Pepsi products elsewhere (not more). I like "fake coke" more than I do the real stuff. We did not sample dessert or booze offerings, but I did review the booze menu, which brings us to the grading segment of the review. OVERALL:   B   (3 stars) SERVICE:    PASS       We were quickly seated and our server was attentive and did the "first bite check in" to see how we liked the food. Service deserved a pass. Since this is a "fast casual" place, and I did not get to test the server's wine knowledge personally, I graded "pass/fail" on this one. FOOD QUALITY:  B-    There was nothing special about my chicken sandwich. It was cooked ok, and the taste was OK. An average "meh" kind of sandwich. Not good not bad. The fries were good, and just the right balance between crispy and soft.Plus / Minus Points:  Plus points for having an alternative soft drink provider. Minus points for having no beers on tap.
5	We went here for lunch and were surprised to find it more of a fast food type versus a regular restaurant. You order your burger at the counter and they bring it to your table. I ordered the veggie burger and sweet potato fries. I found both to be very flavorful and tasty. The veggie burger tasted homemade and came with roasted red peppers and avocado. There was definitely substance to this veggie burger! The sweet potato fries were some of the best i've had. Very crispy and fresh.
1	The food was generally awful. The sweet potato fries were the only good thing I ate. The chicken sandwich I ate was very dry, and service was not the best. What should have tipped me off was all the other restaurants around were filled and had 20 to 40 minute waits, but Coal Burger wasn't even half-full. Won't return to this place ever. They should cut there loses and close their doors and let another business have a shot here in the Scottsdale Quarters.
1	I give it a year!  The food was not great.  Over priced!  Who decorated this place?
1	The food was terrible and cooked unevenly half the burger was raw and the other half was stemming hot. Must be the coal oven.  Over priced was well and lacking fresh fixings.  I wish I had went to IN and OUT instead.
4	So a friend recommended this place, and it's been bugging me to try it every since. I wasn't sure what to expect, but you order at a register. After pondering over the menu, I decided on the green chili burger. Head to the drink station, oh what?! Pure cane sodas with no coke or pepsi? Awesome! I'm immediately a fan. The food shows up on some interesting over sized plates. I thought the burger was quite tasty. Lots of flavor. Fries were "ok". I actually expected more variety in their burgers, but I can't complain about the chili burger. I'll be back.
3	I've only eaten here once but it was quite good. My husband and I both had the veggie burger and split an order of half/half fries. It was plenty of food (the burgers are huge) and satisfying after an evening at iPic. It was a little overpriced for the type of food you are getting and everything is a la carte. However, it's probably one of the cheaper options if you're dining at Scottsdale Quarter and I'm sure we will return.
4	Let me first say, I am a foodie, and I eat out a lot!!For as often as I eat here, you would think I would give it 5 stars, (I AM the Duchess of Coal Burger!) but I simply cannot. Coal Burgers when they are done right are AWESOME, but this place is so inconsistent!  Sometimes they deserve 3 stars and sometimes 5, so hence, we have a 4 star rating.BURGERS:The first time I ate here, it was perfect!  I had the regular Coal Burger, it was juicy, not overcooked and I really DIG the Coal Burger Sauce which has Thousand Island mixed with like 5000 other things and it works! *I typically prefer my meat Medium Rare, just FYI....Then my 2nd trip, I was so disappointed. My burger was dry and I couldn't swallow my bites without water. I have had the Green Chili Burger and it was good, but I am just not a spicy person fan, although my husband seems to enjoy that one.I do like that you can the burgers wrapped in lettuce as an anti-bread option. Tried the Grass-Fed beef once and I wasn't impressed, but that was also on a dry-burger day so maybe that was why??FRIES: The sweet potato fries when I do get them are always amazing. The regular fries....well, they are just fries. Nothing special. Have not had them for awhile as bathing suit season is fast approaching!GELATO SHAKES: Well these things ROCK! My favorite is the Hazelnut Chocolate, although Banana Coconut is a close second. When I was pregnant I always ordered them, now save them for special rewards for myself.KIDS MEALS: It is just okay. My boys get the hotdogs. My 5 year old is very picky and doesn't love bread so doing a burger is a tough one. But there are not a lot of options for kids. If they do want a shake I make them split it as they are super large for kids and do not have a "Kid's Size". They have new crayons which are always nice and a coloring sheet and is kid friendly. I can easily wheel a stroller up to the table when I need to if I am in the booth section.CONS: It isn't cheap. Sometimes if it is just me and my 2 older boys (2 and 5) it adds up to $25 for a meal which I think is pricey. Maybe they could do a kids eat free day and more families would come in??I am always annoyed that there isn't ketchup close by for fries and if I am there by myself with all 3 kids I have to "leave them" to go get it by the drinks. PROS: When it is good, it is GOOD! I hope this place does make it as it is very tasty burger when done right. I cannot comment on the chicken as I will probably never order that. Also, you can usually always eat fast which comes in handy if I don't have lunch plans and am by myself because I am always in a hurry.Clean place, nice big bathroom, lots of great soda choices that are healthier even though I don't really drink soda.Service has always been great for me, I have never had an issue there with that in my 15 or 16 visits!Overall, I hope it makes it as I do LOVE the sauce and the JUICY burger.
1	As a general rule, most people are drawn to things they can't or shouldn't have.And with good reason. Once you cross the line, partaking in life's ill-gotten fruits, you wish you hadn't.This is where life whips out its great equalizer...the sudden realization that you've just fucked-up....getting involved with something never meant to be. I'm talking about Coal Burger.The many times we sat on the patio at Stingray Sushi, looking longingly across the way at Coal Burger. Its packed house. The people waiting for tables.The wafting aroma of flame broiled beef. It was too much. We were sucked in like a Vietnamese basket-whore, (so i hear) despite neither of us liking ground beef all that much.Missing lunch, we came here for an early dinner...like way early...like 4:30 early.There was us and one other party in the entire place.This is where CB defied all logical thinking patterns. Service was poor, and the burger even worse.We were informed when ordering how all burgers were cooked medium unless specified differently. Fine. I ordered extremely well, asking the meat be caramelized. My wife, medium.My wife's burger was rare, as in seared outside, tartare inside.Mine wasn't caramelized, unless black is the new caramel.How does this happen when there are only five (5) guests in the entire restaurant?There was a replacement burger and plenty of apologies, but that's not what I'm looking for when I spend twenty five bucks on two burgers and beers. CB...if your main product is burgers, and your default cooking method is medium, you might want to weigh the idea of having a timer somewhere in the kitchen...like next to the grill.What a waste.
5	Interesting atmosphere and decor.  The burgers were great--the coal fire taste was juicy with the right amount of char.  The thicker cut fries were a welcome change and were totally addicting.  I tried the natural ginger ale and it was out of this world!  I couldn't stop going back for refills.  It's was very refreshing.
4	Good burger and fries, if that is what you are craving.  Nice place in Scottsdale Quarter, friendly staff and good food.
2	Never heard of the place, thought we'd give it a try...The burger's coal taste is defiantly acquired and the sweet potato fries were dull and lacked flavor. We were left very disappointed.Our server was friendly but we won't be back.
3	I like Coal Burger!I've been here a few times, and never really had to wait for a seat. The food is good.  You place your order at the cashier, pay and they give you a number.  It normally takes about five minutes or so, unless they're busy. Here's the skinny, your only big decision is weather you want 1/3 lb, or 1/2 lb.   The basic is their Coal Burger for $4.99 or $6.99 depending on what size you order. Their best burger by far and away is the Bacon Blue Burger for $7.49, or $9.49. It's delicious. It reminds me of that old Drew Carey joke "Okay boys, come on now, next stop is the heart!"  It is the best blue cheese burger west of the Mississippi, and Hackney's in Chicago.Enjoy!
4	Not a bad spot for a nice Friday evening dinner! There aren't a lot of choices on the menu but the items that are there all look tasty and flavorful. You choose between a 1/3 lb or 1/2 lb burger and you're good to go. My husband had the burger with the horseradish on it and I had the Bacon Blue Burger since I'm a blue cheese fanatic. We got an order of half and half fries - regular and sweet potato - which they were awesome enough to split onto our 2 plates. A plus for me since my husband eats faster than I do and I find myself rushing to scarf down food when we share from one plate! We also ordered a malted shake which our server also split into 2 smaller cups and was absolutely worth the extra calories. Portion sizes are decent and you don't feel overly stuffed afterwards. Service was super friendly and fairly quick. The place was full on a Friday evening but not overly crowded. Good food, good location, good stuff!
3	If eating veggie burgers that look as bloody as the real thing doesn't sound appealing to you, don't order one at Coal Burger.The Scottsdale Quarter eatery's veggie burger ($7.99) looks like and has the consistency of a real rare patty, which made chowing down on it a little weird for me. If you do decide to try one, it comes with bibb lettuce, roasted red peppers and avocado on a whole-wheat bun, though you can customize it any way you'd like.Coal Burger is a cool, quick, cheap hamburger joint where you order at the counter, and your food is delivered to your table. There are seven types of beef burgers, three chicken sandwiches and a handful of salads to choose from. Fries are extra, but one side ($2.50) is big enough to share between two people--trust me, the portion is huge!Something uniquely cool about Coal Burger is its vintage-style soda fountain, with all the drinks made by Coal Burger. So, if you're a diehard Coca-Cola fan, you might not be happy, but I loved my diet cola/lemonade combo.My friend got a Green Chile Burger ($6.99 for a third-pound, $8.99 for a half-pound), and while he said he enjoyed the combination of green chile, jalapeno and provolone flavors, he was expecting whole green chiles on the burger rather than a chile paste.
3	Overpriced. A burger, drink, and fries was $17. Still, the food was tasty and the location is great.
5	It's nice to have some healthier options out there for burgers and fries and  Coal Burger gives it to you. They offer grass fed beef for only $1 more and their prices are very reasonable. I also like that they give you the option of 1/3 or 1/2 lb burgers.  Usually places that offer healthy options are pricey but it was nice to see this place is not one of them. They have amazing milk shakes made with organic dairy. My husband and I shared a berry shake and we should have ordered 2 because it was gone in seconds. The burger was cooked exactly how I asked which was medium well and sweeet potato fries were great. My husband loved his bacon burger and my cousins loved their burgers. My two year old even scarfed down her grilled cheese sandwich and sweet potato fries. Normally we have to battle with her at dinner. Our waitress was great too. I can't think of one bad thing to say about this place. We will definitely be back again.
4	this location has officially closed as of december 31, 2012!!
1	Took me a while to write this review, but the time has finally come... DUN DUN DUNNN.By far, WORST customer service I have ever received at a restaurant.  I walked in on a Friday night at about 7:30pm after getting my hair done at one of Quarter salons.  All I wanted was to grab a quick bite, since I had to rush to work soon after.  I approached the counter and waited for one of the many employees behind it to take my order.  I stood there patiently for a few minutes, watching as the servers behind it glanced over and saw me waiting, while they mindlessly polished glasses and did God knows what else.A few minutes later, my patience was wearing thin and the old "Good things come to those who wait" idiom was not sounding so nice.  A young man finally walks up and boldly asks, "Have you been helped yet?"  I responded that I hadn't and he began to take my order.  I told him what I would like and he said that he couldn't put the order in right away, because the girl with access to the system was nowhere to be found.  I was confused.  He suggested, "I can go ahead and place the order with the kitchen, and we don't know where she is, but she will probably be back in time to take your payment before your burger is ready."I thought this was extremely unprofessional and outrageous, but I was hungry, so I agreed.  Then this boy inquires "It's to go, right?"    I responded that I would be eating in.  He pointed me over to the hostess and said that she would seat me if that was the case.  I told him that I just wanted to enjoy a burger at the counter, and that I was in a hurry.  He responded that it was full service.So a quick rundown.... employees staring at me instead of taking my order, my order unable to be entered into the system because the girl with access was "nowhere to be found", assuming that this was a carry out order because I was a solo diner, directing me to the hostess to be seated when he could have seated me himself, and refusing to let me eat my burger at the counter because it was "full service" and he probably assumed I wouldn't tip.  I can see why this place is closed.  This is horrendous service... take a hint from FOX Concepts and get your act together, Grimaldi's!!!
