3	When we go out to Henderson, which is about 3 - 6 times a year, we usually make sure we stop at the Joker's for a spell.  They definitely have the BEST MARGARITAS.  I also love that they have a little snack bar by the bar that serves shrimp cocktails and pretzels.   By the way, the shrimp cocktail w/sauce is fantastic.  We used to eat here all the time but they were going through some transition and it's just wasn't as good.  Now they are on the ball.The jokers features a lot of penny games for the cheapskates and the ladies come around with the drinks........which is always tops in my book.  There is a live band on the weekends that is usually pretty good.  This is a fun place to relax, eat and gamble.   No frills.
4	I like Joker's Wild casino. I had a lot of fun here and did all right. The staff are friendly, helpful, and timely.My one complaint is that when I got a Prime Rewards card, the woman who did it for me the first time royally screwed it up. She totally missed my first name and misspelled my last name. I didn't notice at first, but when I did, it was fixed promptly. That said, when I initially went to get it fixed, I ended up at the window of the woman who messed my card up and when I explained what was going on, she acted like she didn't know what was going on or what to do. Thankfully, another woman who knew what she was doing was there and was able to help me. The restaurant there is also pretty nice. The food I had there was decent and tasted good.
5	This is Heaven in Las Vegas for low rollers.$1 craps?  Hilariously fun!  After dropping hundreds over the years on the strip/downdown/off-strip casinos on craps, I can come here and drop $20-$40 and feel like a boss.  Sign up for the comp club?  Get a 6-pack of Pepsi.  BALLERS!Food in this place?  Don't know, don't care.  The cheap gambling and decent drinks are worth it.  This place is owned by Boyds Gambling and Boyds is my favorite chain.  I just wish they would convert Joker's Wild's comp club to Bconnected.  I could sure use some additional tier points on my Bconnected card.  Anyways, back to the review.  Stop in if you're on Boulder Highway.  Staying at Sam's Town, E Cannery or Boulder Station?  Then you MUST come here!  Poseidon the God of the Sea commands you!
3	If you're looking for a AAA 5 diamond place, then this place isn't for you. It's an older establishment (by Vegas standards,) but the $1 Craps table is what has me stopping by occasionally. The place is owned by Boyd Gaming (Sam's Town, The Orleans) and the dealers are friendly enough as well as the Pit Staff. Slots are generally of the older style, with video poker slots dominating the floor.  There are a few newer slots, but they're certainly not the centerpiece. I would recommend this place if you're into cheap table games, don't mind the smell of smoke mixed with geriatric generality, you'll be ok and enjoy yourself.
2	This one is actually for the take out joint next to the bar in the back, called the pigskin snack and sports bar. Was driving around in the area seeing if there was any hidden gems in this area. Saw they sign that advertised "25 cent chicken wings". Couldn't pass this one up. Wish I did.Chicken wings - when i ordered them the guy at the snack bar said "ok, hold on for a second while I grab them for you" I was thinking "oh no, they've been probably been sitting under a heat lamp few hours". And that is exactly how they tasted. What was even worse was that they had a slight woody smell. That's a sign that the vessel that was holding the wings hasn't been cleaned in a very long time. Ate 2 of 8 of them, against my better judgement. Threw the rest away. Yea, they were that bad. I gave them an extra star because I didn't spend too much money, like 2 bucks for 8 wings but you could get better stuff at a walmart, which says a lot.
5	$1 craps.  Nice dealers.  Can't complain.  If you want fanciness and pretentious fakes keep moving.
3	A nice place for locals to go for cheap breakfast!
4	Strictly speaking of the food in the cafe....  The blueplate specials for $8 bucks are great!!!  They come with the soup and salad bar too, and it is a great salad bar (remember this is not the Wynn, but a locals' hole in the wall casino with old carpet).  I make a meal from the soup (2 types daily) and salad bar (with fresh fruit for dessert), and then take the entree home for a later snack.  Do not expect trendy, expect a great value for price paid and a friendly staff.   Dessert specials every month for $2.
4	I'll be back!  It smells like old vegas and I love it.  Friendly dealers, plenty of old slots; I hate the new ones; and my friend got regular cocktail service, even at a 15 cent slot machine!  I think the only thing that slowed him was his liver recouperating from the previous casino
4	Another great dive casino off the strip, full of locals, with great food specials.
4	I hadn't been here for awhile but it's stil the same. Good food; above average service; and priced right. I had the ground sirloin and it was cooked the way that I ordered it. Soup and salad bar is more than adequate and the New England Clam Chowder is really good. I had french fries with gravey on them, love em that way, For pretty good food at a reasonable price, this place is a must.
5	Best Dive Casino! We came here on a Tuesday morning and ordered off their specials. - 4 dueces, 2.892 eggs, 2 bacon, 2 sausage, toast and french toast - Belgium waffles, 3.99For becoming a new member, I got a $10 food voucher. - Just like El Dorado Casino, next to the Waterfront, but more spacious. - Food is excellent for the price.- Service is faster than El Dorado. We got seated and got the check right away! - Forget making breakfast at home. Just come here. - Tables are open in the morning. You don't have to wait until end of the afternoon like Club Fortune or El Dorado to play $3 blackjack or Craps. - Minimum for place bets are $1.50 for 6 and 8 but at Club Fortune it's $3.
4	I had a hilarious visit here a few years ago.  Note that while it is a Boyd Gaming property, they have their own separate player's club, so the B Connected card is null and void here.As some of the other reviewers have pointed out, this place is a total local's dive.  I was pretty astounded at the number of elderly folks with oxygen tanks rolling around, with a few of the diehards even boasting that they were permanently wired directly into them...all while huffing down a box of Marlboro Reds without batting an eye!I was playing a round in the poker room and won.  All of a sudden, someone jumped up and yelled, "You just beat Tom!  NOBODY ever beats Tom!"  Tom was apparently one of the diehard locals, and was so ticked off, he got up and left without saying a word, with his oxygen tank in tow directly behind him.Classic!
4	Just good food very cheap. The staff loves my son and we have been coming here since I moved to Henderson in 1996. Good local place to eat. We love Frank the drink guy!!
1	The price and headliner looks like a great deal, but it's adequate. We have been here twice and we can't go back because they have no substance or consistency. The food is what you expected from this dive.Do not waste your timeor money and proceed to Sams Town better deal or Longhorn's deal.
1	Man O Man has this establishment gone down hill real fast over the past several years. First of all you walk in and BAM get hit with that 1972 cigarette smoke, then you look around and the cocktail waitresses are walking around in jeans and t-shirts like they are going shopping at Wal-Mart after work, you will also quickly notice quite a few transient looking people that seem like they are barely holding on (not to put down poor folks or anything) but what are they doing in a gambling casino? Their parking lot is beat down and used and abused, the little restaurant that was once so cool and served real food has joined the rest of the "corporate greed monsters" and now serve fake powdered tasting scrambled eggs, and tiny sausage links that taste like dog food. No thanks! Next!
5	Jokers rocks.  We made the shlep out here, via the scenic route, because the Mrs. plays only one game: $1 craps.  There are not many dollar craps tables left in Nevada, or the world for that matter, but there is one here in the nether regions of Henderson.  That is, there was one when we last visited on Memorial weekend 2014.  Your mileage may vary.We had to stop at an ATM and I was annoyed that the Nevada Credit Union charged me $2.50 to withdraw from my own credit union but after driving around for 15 minutes, I found myself in a clutch situation so I bent over and took it.We were bracing ourselves for a sketchy place, but it was great.  Employees were terrific -everyone was really friendly.  So were the other customers.  Nancy started at the dice pit right away, while I registered for the slot club - one of the last ones of which I wasn't already a member.  The clerk spun the wheel and I got a $10 credit for the restaurant.I sat down at a $3 blackjack table.  The Jokers' Wild has good rules: a blackjack pays 3:2, I believe the dealer hits soft 17, and you can double down on any 2 cards, on a hand-shuffled six-deck shoe.  It's a friendly game with really nice dealers.  Several of the dealers and croupiers seemed to be fairly new; I suspect this is where they put you if you apply to deal at a Boyd casino before you are promoted to Downtown, Sam's Town, or the Orleans.  (It's owned by Boyd but has a separate slot club.)We both played for about an hour and took a break.  By then I was up about $20 and Nancy was up $5.  We decided to have lunch in the coffee shop.  Again, super-friendly employees and the lunch was perfectly enjoyable.  A chef's salad and a grilled cheese sandwich came to about $14, a price performer, but using our coupon (and subtracting the incremental tax) the total came to I think $2.87.  After lunch, we decided we couldn't stop now, so we both went back to the dice table.  The dice pit is probably the best one I have seen since Casino Royale ended its $1 game.  This is a $1 minimum with 10x odds, so you can put $1 on the pass line and stack up behind it for as close to a fair game as you can find in Nevada.  The croupiers were learning and were also happy to explain the proper ratios to those of us who don't have it memorized.  We played for another half hour or so and had a great time.  Nancy had a good roll making several points, and the stick woman, who apparently was brand new at the profession, was really hamming it up as if she were born to do it, referring several times to Nancy as the Lucky Lady to her Left.  We left the table up another $20 and moved on.Basically if you are looking for a place to roll low and let your money last, and you don't mind a field trip, this is your place.  We will be back many times for sure.
5	Fun, fun, fun $1 craps!  The slots have been kind to me as well.   It is a dive, but if you are ok with that, you will like it.  I think the blackjack is good there, but I didn't play.  I love that craps table.The cafe surprised me.   The food was tasty and reasonably priced, and I would definitely eat there even if I don't get a two for one coupon like I had this last visit.  They also sent me a $25 free slot play promo, which turned out well for me.The dealers at the craps table are all very nice, except the grumpy lady who mis called the dice when the pass line hit, that was not cool.  I feel sorry for the dealers there though because most of the cheapo people who gamble there don't tip.  Please tip the dealers.  Table games should be fun and not all about the money.  If you are not going to tip at craps, then find a place that has the craps machine.  El Cortez in downtown Vegas has a $1 one, and many of the hotels on the strip have $5 ones.  Seriously, cheap people stay away from the tables unless you are going to contribute to a good atmosphere.
