1	Been a YMCA member in various cities around the United States for over 25 plus years. That being said, and with nothing to gain from this post the Copper Basin YMCA should be ashamed of itself. There is nothing,repeat nothing, Christian about this facility. My children grew up in a wholesome YMCA environment in those various cities only to have those fond memories destroyed by the vile mismanagement of this facility . My teenage daughter visited the pool on several occasions and was mortified. She made a comment about needing a rape kit. Don't know who's in charge of that area believe it's Ashely something. Moving on to the arrogance of the staff,there are too many to name but one in particular stands out. Her name tag says Kelly. Words cannot express the hostile nature of this person. She just may be the first human that has never made a mistake. I didn't know Gods name was spelled Kelly. Finally, they bring in one of the rudest managers to receive a paycheck from a non-profit organization that takes away for the so called donations to help kids in program. Just ask her how much she makes.....you'd be shocked!! Unbelievable!! Get the whole management out and bring in new!!
1	It would be nice to look up "copper basin YMCA" and actually get to talk to someone there instead of getting a call center.. why?!??!we had a family membership there once, it was average. now we just have a program membership for our daughter to take swim lessons, well we signed her up, show up for 1st lesson, nobody there, they finally find out the class was cancelled due to low enrollment, HEY THANKS FOR CALLING US SO WE DIDNT WASTE OUR TIME OR GET OUR DAUGHTERS HOPES UP! long story short, this happened again after we picked a 2nd class!!!! So this time I went off on them & told them they better call us if a class in cancelled,what the hell do u take down my contact info for?! Mandy, the instructor is good, but the rest of the staff at the desk R clueless idiots, and when u call with any questions they refer u to aquatics instructor "zack" who's never available & never returns calls when u leave a voicemail, ever!and ANNIE P ...I just wanted to say to u, whats christian about a swimming pool or a treadmill or rock climbing? get a grip, go to a church if u want a church! and your rape kit comment is the most ignorant thing Ive ever read, get a clue.
