5	Always fast, pleasant, efficient, and fresh.  This place does it right!
2	Never understood the attraction of CFilA.  Food is mediocre, not really healthy (read the info on it).  Was dragged in and had the spicy chicken wrap and the spicy sauce was not very good.  The service was fast, place was clean, can ask for a free refill on your drink are positives.Was looking into the food info and found out the CFilA is suing a little place for using "Eat MOR' Kale" as a by line.  Come on CFilA stop being a Bully!
4	Today my wife and I visited this store for lunch. After receiving our order I noticed a hair attached to the breading on my spicy chicken sandwich. I took it up to the counter for another sandwich. The manager not only gave me another sandwich he gave me my money back for that combo that I purchased, and a card for another free sandwich in the future. This is what I call great customer service. My hat is off to Chick Fil A. I have had this happen to me before and the restaurant  just gave me another meal, and no refund. Andrew S. was right this is the best Chick Fil A in Pittsburgh.
2	I have been going to Chik-fil-A for at least 25 delicious years. If it wasn't for the awesome food and the ideal location here, I would steer clear of this place. The customer service is nowhere to be found. There is no sense of urgency and no one knows where to stand in line. It is a total free-for-all as far as the counters go. I have had to fight my way back up to the counter to grab my food after waiting (and waiting and waiting). In general, Chik-fil-A is run with quality food and that "my pleasure" attitude. You won't find that good attitude at this location. What stinks is that I love the food too much to stop coming here. Don't even get me started on their milkshakes.....drool.You got me, Chik-fil-A. Your delicious fried and grilled chicken have won again.
5	Friendly staff And a clean dining area are two things I noticed immediately.  As always the food is superb and does not leave you feeling like there is a brick in your stomach as most fast food places do. Kids play area was clean as well.
5	Great food.  The staff & service is what really makes this place nice to come to.  They are very friendly and check on everyone at the tables.  They are even willing to take your trash and refill your drinks.  I personally don't take advantage of that, but some do.  Kids area could be larger.
1	This Chick-fil-A store forgot to put a 12-count nugget in my drive thru order. A simple enough mistake - it was crowded that day. I called upon realizing their mistake and the manager who took my call assured me they would send me a coupon for the 12 count nugget in addition to other coupons. I made sure to clarify multiple times that I would be getting at least this much, because I would rather have an immediate refund rather than coupons to be mailed.Over two weeks later I finally received a hand written note from Chick-fil-A and a coupon for less than the value of a 12 piece nugget.I love Chick-fil-A's food, but I will never return to this store. This location is almost always crowded and probably won't miss my business, but I hope for their sake they become more conscious of how they treat customers so as to not lose anymore.
4	I LOVE anything chicken!! I've been a big fan of Chick-Fil-A since i was in high school. I LOVE their waffle fries with Polynesian sauce. This location has a speedy drive-thru with also a play area for little kids. Great place to take the family. Plus there's a Trader Joe's right next door, so moms can make a quick market stop. They offer grilled chicken options for those looking to keep lunch on the ''light'' side. I'm not from the south, but my guilty pleasure here is the SWEET TEA!!
