4	Yay...I am a fan...of anybody that will sell me Blood Orange Olive Oil, or Castile Olive Oil or even Chemlali, from Tunisia:)Yes, I am a fan because they also let me test a bit of each variety...truly delightful (and heart healthy, too:)I am so very pleased to see new business opening up in this formerly deserted alleyway (now called "The Frontier Shops"...although for the life of me, I can't figure out what luxury olive oils and infused balsamic's have to do with the "Frontier":)But, I don't waste a lot time thinking about it, either:)I just enjoy:)If you are a cook (I'm talking to you Hotdish and you Deb and you too, Sarah G:), or just love someone who cooks, you will want to swing by OOO&V for EVOO and pick some up...to use in your cooking (Blood Orange EVOO on pork chops...be still my beating heart:)...or just to delight that someone special:)I also want to take a moment to say a word about the balsamic vinegars...that word is "scrumptulescent"...no kidding...this stuff is deligthful...and you can use these for so much more than making a vinegrette (although I guarantee you can make a wonderful salad with any of these:)I happened to wander in today, after lunch...the day before they officially open...but they treated me like a customer and showed me stuff and let me try stuff and I bought some stuff (they were bottling the olive oil and vinegar on the premises, as we chatted...I'm sure they appreciated me coming in and interrupting  their prep:)So, four stars for these intrepid ladies and their entrepreneurial spirit...let's all raise a cup of olive oil to them:)
5	This store is amazing. You can taste every so many different types of Olive Oil and Balsamic Vinegars. It is absolutely delicious, and I say delicious because you can actually sample each and every  type that they have. Pomegranate, Blueberry, Red Apple, 18 -year old Balsamics, and the Olive Oils range from Australia, Greece, Spain, and Italy, and flavors of oils range from Tuscan Herb, Blood Orange, Lemon, Picual Lemon. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.I brought home of the Cinnamon Pear balsamic vinegar, really good with sponge cake, and then the Blood Orange oil which is great over steamed vegetables or fish or chicken. Yum.
5	I have visited Outrageous Olive Oils many times now and am so addicted to the flavors of Olive Oils and Balsamic Vinegars that they offer.  The quality is unbeatable.  I use them on almost everything I eat.  I would say that cereal is the only thing I don't put them on!The owners and their employees are knowledgeable and wonderful to talk with.  They are my new best friends!  I love this place!!!  Don't be afraid to try any and all of the choices they offer!
5	Love love love this place.  Wound up getting a Groupon to here a few weeks ago, as we love to cook with infused oils and flavored vinegars. I tried to stop by after work one day, but they close promptly at 6. My disappointment? Huge.However, it was worth the wait. We went in this weekend, and were floored by the friendly customer service, the varieties of both oils and vinegars, and pleased by the ability to taste each variety. I loved the vanilla and fig balsamic, and we were hard pressed (no pun intended) to decided between the wild mushroom/sage, tuscon herb, basil and garlic olive oils. We ended up with the wild mushroom oil, and it's really added some excellent flavors to our food.Guess it's time to start saving up so we can come back and buy one of each flavor!
5	So I'm just giving all the yelpers an update. I now own a bunch of bottles of oil: Lemon, Garlic, Basil, Chipotle, & Tuscan Herb...and even more Balsamics: Black Currant, Raspberry, Tangerine, Dark Chocolate, Peach, and I think 2 more. Anyway the point is, I use this stuff on everything and in everything: for cooking, as toppings on ice cream in soups, to marinate meats, on vegetables, on fish. And I feel great about it because I know I'm using high quality products that are good for my health.I know the owners very well, and they are very trustworthy, authentic, and are some of the nicest and kindest people I have ever known. This store is so wonderful, fun and beautifully designed!!!It has only been open for 3 or 4 months, but fits in quite well in the part of Old Town on Main St where it is located. Free parking, great customer service. I'm there almost every week.They just got white and black truffle. Can't wait to try that.Free tastings, so you know what you are buying, is a flavor experience! Great time every time I walk in the store.Yum Yum Yum, you better get some!!PS - GREAT REVIEW OF THE SHOP!!http://www.foodieslikeusblog.com/tag/outrageous-oils-and-vinegars-scottsdale/
4	This was a great little find. Tucked away in the Old Town district of Scottsdale, this little tasting room serves for an interesting spot to stop. I was crusing around on the Segways my family and I rented, (see Contemporide's review) and found this little olive oil and balsamic vinegar tasting room. With a very helpful staff, we made it a 15 minutes stop, tasting different combinations of oil and vinegars. After tasting all of the unique products we can the purchase an amazing Wild Mushroom Extra Virgin Olive Oil (EVOO), Tuscan Herb EVOO, Sage EVOO and a Pomegranate Balsamic Vinegar (BV). My parents were visiting out-of-town and Outrageous was able to ship a few bottles to their house for a reasonable price. The guide gave an interesting tip for the flavored balsamic vinegars. He said to splash them into cocktails, like a vodka soda with a splash of Pomegranate BV. I have not done it yet, stay tuned...What an awesome place! Great Job.
5	I went into here for the first time with a friend.  Everyone was friendly and was ready to answer any questions that we had. We did try lots of different bottles and I walked out with the Extra Virgin Olive Oil, the 18 yr old Balsamic Vinegar, and the Traditional Dark Chocolate Vinegar. My friend walked out with four others! It was nice that I got to taste them before purchasing. Yummy, yummy, yummy. I will definitely come buy more in the future. PS. I hope they put more recipes on their website! :)
4	We're BIG fans of this place!  Love that you can try everything in the store! One can easily make  the wrong purchase of an oil & vinegar and not know it until you get it home!  This is the best way to ensure you are buying something you like and it's a great business model because who isn't going to go back to the place where you are going to get what you like AND possibly try something else that you end up liking and switching to without fear!  Run by friendly, informative people who love their products and love sharing them with others!
4	Went to this place as part of my Tast of Old Town Scottsdale Tour and was immediately charmed by the establishment.Loved all the belly pots of olive oils and vinegars, loved Kelsey who gave us the samples, loved the atmosphere.Love places like this~ a bit unique, a bit of an experience.  Hard to leave this place without buying something so of course we did!
5	I went in to Outrageous Olive Oils to use a Groupon I bought a while back. What a great little shop!! This is going to be my go-to place for gifts for food-loving friends. The store offers a delicious array of olive oils and balsamic vinegars, almost every bottle is $15 (a good price for such high quality). You can sample and taste to your heart's desire... there's so much to try it's difficult to stop! They have a phenomenal 18yr aged Balsamic which is amazing. Their other Balsamics are great... flavors include fig, dark chocolate, vanilla, peach, and many more! My favorite quick salad is arugula tossed with olive oil, a flavored balsamic, and some salt & pepper. The olive oils are also wonderful... they have quite a variety of types. I got the Chemali (an intense OO) and the chipotle-infused olive oil. The flavor and spice hits after a couple seconds. Can't wait to use it! The shop is well-laid out and the staff were very friendly and helpful. They're extremely knowledgeable and passionate about oils and vinegars. If you need any ideas for using your new olive oils or balsamics, they have some great suggestions. I jokingly asked them if I could call them to help plan my dinner menus. They said, "sure!"
5	Omigawd - This place is so much FUN!  Its like going to a wine tasting...but with vinegars and oils.  I've always stated that I would rather spend money on a nice bottle of balsamic than a nice bottle of wine, so I was surprised I had never heard about this place until Groupon promoted it. Upon entering this small, tucked away shop you are greeted and encouraged to try EVERYTHING in this store.  They give you itty bitty cups so you can sample each balsamic and itty bitty pieces of bread so that you can sample each olive oil. Some of the flavors are quite surprising and original - dark chocolate balsamic, pomegranate balsamic (we went home with this one!), orange EVOO, etc.  They offer advice on what foods pair well with what flavors, and how to pair up the different vinegars and oils (one combination tastes just like orange Starbust!) One of the best parts about this store (as if it can get any better than doing shots of balsamic!) is the staff - they certainly know what they are talking about and very friendly.  As an added bonus, the man helping us gave my boyfriend and I a card for a FREE margarita at a restaurant down the street.  Not too shabby, kind sir. I very much enjoyed my experience here and cannot wait to finish my two bottles of balsamic so I have an excuse to go back!
5	My wife and I were vacationing in Arizona and were very excited to go to the Olive Oil Mill south of Phoenix. Unfortunately they were closed the exact two weeks we were in AZ. Fortunately we stumbled on this place. The manager (Heather I believe) was outstanding. My wife and I tried so many different oil and vinegar cocktails... and yes we ended up leaving with a case we had them ship home. We can't wait to give bottles away for Christmas. You must try the chocolate balsamic. My wife and I are committed to being healthy so finding an alternative to chocolate sauce that satisfies you in the same way is outstanding. My wife has already used it with yogurt and fresh cherries for a very healthy and delicious dessert! Our only wish is that this store is closer to our home in DC.
5	We went to Outrageous Olive Oils because of a Groupon we purchased.  We were anticipating walking into the establishment, picking out something that sounded yummy, paying with the Groupon and leaving.  Instead, when we walked in, with our Groupon in hand, we were warmly greeted, "You have a Groupon?  Great!"  Then we were given the tour and everything about this place was explained to us.  We were invited to sample every olive oil and balsamic vinegar they had on their shelves.  The employee was a fountain of information with such a positive attitude that it made us really want to come back again.  I mean, who knew that balsamic vinegar came from grapes?  I sure didn't.The balsamic we purchased is sublime and is already becoming one of my favorite additions to salad, cheese, etc.  We would recommend Outrageous Olive Oils to any of our friends and plan to return again.  We may even give some gift certificates for Christmas!
4	I really like this place.  It is a little bit of an expensive addiction.  Every time I am in Old Town I end up getting 3 or 4 more bottles.  The place is so inviting.  I love the Pear Cinnamon balsamic vinegar.  You can mix it with a little olive oil and salt and pepper and have a fast, delicious dressing.  I just opened the Sage and Mushroom olive oil. The earthy flavor is a great topping for my risotto. I wish I had seen the Groupon I would have gone even crazier!
4	After enjoying another homemade heirloom Caprese salad using their 18 year old traditional balsamic vinegar, I had to post a review. Being a Phoenix native, at first I was skeptical about a shop located in a touristy area of Old Town Scottsdale. But, being that it's a block or so away from OTFM, my friends talked me into walking over. The store is located in a newly remodeled row called the Frontier Shops. Ah, Old Town Scottsdale, you never disappoint. Their olive oils and vinegars are imported. As mentioned at the outset, my favorite is the aged Modena Balsalmic ($18 for 375ml). I also ended up going with a Spanish Picual Extra Virgin Olive Oil that has a wonderful fresh, grassy flavor and is wonderful for topping salads and homemade vanilla bean ice cream.If you want to skip the Spaghetti Western back-drop, head over to their Paradise Valley Mall location, next to Macy's or visit them online at  oliveoilarizona.com.
4	A fun place to stop and sample all the varieties of Olive Oil.  Good selection of tasty vinegars too.  I would like to have known more of the origins and methods of where the olive stock comes from, how it is harvested and what fair trade practices, if any, this company supports.  After talking with the staff, there is apparently another location in addition to this one in Old Town Scottsdale.  On my way out I was a little disappointed to find out they offer additional varieties that are not on display or for sample; a "menu" would be good for this reason alone.  I do like the single price point pricing for most all of their products though.Staff was helpful, not overbearing, and friendly.  I will probably return if I am in the area.Final Rating: 4.2
5	Love this place! My friend got me the Espresso one and it inspired me to go in... Amazing service, fantastic selection and terrific prices!!!!!
5	For the second year in a row I have turned to Outrageous Olive Oils and Vinegars for my Christmas present needs.  How can you go wrong with something that is the staple of our diets?  The price is right as well $15 a bottle no matter what kind you get.  Now I know you can get your average olive oil for roughly $6 at any grocery store, but once you try these you won't go back to simple store bought.  My favorite is Persian Lime, it really dresses up fish, chicken and is a great base for salad dressings.  There are simply to many to list but if I had my way I would have a bottle of each!The vinegars are amazing!  So full of flavor, bite and kick.  It is a KAPOW explosion in your mouth!  Right now I am stuck on the Honey Ginger and make a bread dip with that, the Persian Lime, pepper, garlic and grated Parmesan cheese.  It is as fine a dip as any you would get in a top notch restaurant.The staff is knowledgeable and friendly, giving great suggestion on good mixtures.  They have a mailing list to tell you about their specials and have a rewards card program, 5 more bottles and I get one for free!It is one of my favorite gifts to give and receive (Hint, Hint!)
3	This place is amazing! I walked away with the Espresso Balsamic Vinagrette, Fig Vinagrette, and Chipotle Vinagrette. I was most blown away by the Espresso Balsamic Vinagrette. It paired really well with Greek Yogurt. I wish it weren't so expensive to have shipped, especially when you're buying 3 or 4 bottles at $16 a pop! My BFF also purchased several bottles of Vinagrette and oils. Lucky for her she was driving back to Tuscon so she didn't have to bit the shipping charge. Oh well for me, they didn't really have sympathy for my plane ride back to CA and the fact that had they accomodated me a little better, I likely would have purchased several other items such as the Citrus Vinagrette and Truffle Oil ( I believe that was $12 for a rather small bottle, but delicious). Thanks to the cashier who volunteered the neat Olive Oil and Vinegar establishment in La Jolla! She convinced me that the place in La Jolla was even better then Outrageous Olive Oils and had better prices.
5	What a great place! I have an entire pantry shelf just for their oils and vinegars..love them! I can't remember the last time I bought a bottle of salad dressing! Once you taste their product you're hooked.I just bought a bottle of blueberry vinegar...it's the best thing I ever tasted. The Dark Chocolate or Espresso vinegar on strawberries and raspberries is awesome! And White Truffle oil in  mashed potatoes is decadent.I love Tess..she is the Julia Child of their products, Not only can you taste everything, but Tess has recipes she shares as you taste! If you have a pantry filled with bottles of preservative-laden salad dressing, get rid of them and try Outrageous Olive Oils and Vinegars...delicious and well worth the price!
5	What a great store, lots of fun samples to try. We bought the cranberry-pear white balsamic and garlic olive oil....can't wait to try some new recipes with it.
5	Besy
4	Stop in for a tasting if you're close by! My wife and I tried almost everything the had and then dropped $120. This place is awesome and the Olive Oils are amazing!
5	We were visiting in Scottsdale and knew how great Outrageous Olive Oils was from a previous visit.  We stopped in again and saw that they had updated the store and now they have even more products to taste and buy.  I highly recommend them for their quality, customer service and attention to details.  The store is beautiful and well run and we WILL return for more!  We have also purchased from their website and it was easy and at the time we received free shipping for being a return customer.
4	This place has some wonderful tasting Olive Oils.  I love that they do tastings while you are in the store too.  The bottle are a bit pricey tho for what you actually get.  Makes good gifts.
5	A friend and I were visiting Scottsdale on vacation and wandered in to the tasting room.  I was a bit wary of trying vinegar and oil (a tasting room for oil?) but they really drew me in.  We had a great experience trying the different products.  The sales staff was fun and enthusiastic.  I bought a bottle (mint lemongrass white balsamic) which after returning home I liked so much I got on line and bought several of the other flavors I had tried in the tasting room.  Really a fun stop in old town and again, the staff really made it welcoming and fun.
5	I cannot begin to express how much I love this place! Up until recently, I had only picked up gifts here but now, I have some balsamic vinegars and oils to try for myself! Taste away here and have employees mix flavors for you to try, it is so delicious! Bottles range from $16-18 a piece but will last a long time! Outrageous is tucked in a small shopping quarter across from Rusty Spur Saloon and next to Del Sol. Walk around and stumble upon this gem and discover new inspirations for cooking or gifts! Will keep returning!
5	I love this place. It's close to home, has convenient hours and you can sample/taste everything in the store.  I am close to becoming a junkie for oils and vinegars.  The employees are always offering tips, recipes, flavor combos and recommendations.  And they are always willing to give you samples of things they're making with the oils and vinegars.  I've bought numerous gifts here and they are always a hit. With the purchase of a few basic oils and vinegars, I can make so many variations on salad dressing and have a different dressing every day.  You can cook and bake with just about everything here too.  I even took the tip from one of the girls and now add about a teaspoon of flavored white balsamic to soda water.  Calorie free soda with no fake sugar that has health benefits! Did you know you can substitute olive oil in cake mix? Use lemon olive oil for a fun twist!The bottles are a little pricey, but not more than you'd pay elsewhere for a good product. A little goes a really long way and will last you for months.  If you haven't been here, I recommend you stop in and give your taste buds a treat.
4	This is a quaint locally owned shop tucked in the Frontier Town section of old town.  We stopped in as a part of a food tour of old town Scottsdale put on by Destination Food Tours.  We were greated by the owner who took the group through a quick education in oils and vinegars by having us taste a variety of fresh oils and aged vinegars.  She even offered each of us a morsel of fudgy brownie made with a blood orange-infused olive oil that gave a pleasant hint of orange.They offer dozens of oils and vinegars and encourage you to come on in and taste. I defy anyone not to find something they just can't live without.  They will even ship your purchase home for you fedex if you are here on a vacation. Definitely worth a stop if you enjoy good food.
5	Enjoyed tasting both the Vinegars and Oils.  Will be going to www.OliveOilAz.com for future purchases.  Recommend:  Lemon Grass Mint (White) Balsamic Vinegar.
5	Fantastic product and very friendly, knowledgeable employees. They had excellent suggestions for pairings and gave tips on how to use the products.
5	For Christmas I was wanting to give Oil and Vinegar sets for gifts so I searched several stores before finding these guys in Old Town Scottsdale. They have an excellent selection that is fresh and flavorful with samples and knowledgable staff. They are not the easiest to find but well worth it when you do.
5	This store is tucked into a small nook off Main Street in Old Town Scottsdale.  The tasting room is wonderful with so many different flavors of balsamic vinegar and olive oil.  We were there mainly for the balsamic vinegar.  Their 18 year old traditional balsamic vinegar was exactly what we wanted so we bought it in a wine sized bottle.  After sampling numerous fruity balsamic vinegars, we settled on a raspberry flavored one.  It's a great place to pick up gifts or to stock up once you start running low.  The 18 year old balsamic is not acidic and has a slightly sweet flavor to it.  Excellent!
5	This place is amazing. I stumbled across this place while visiting from California. It can easily be missed since it's sort of hidden. There is absolutely nothing bad to be said about this place. I have gone back twice. Worth the 6 hour drive from Southern California.
5	LOVE the Organic Tuscan Herb.Ran out, so now I am actually driving 15 miles to go buy another bottle.
