5	My girlfriend and I looked at apartments, condos, and houses for rent all over north Phoenix, north Scottsdale, and in downtown Phoenix.  We couldn't find a place that fit our needs.  We briefly stopped at Residences on High Street to pick up a floor plan sheet.  We went back one more time a few weeks later and found Tina to be so helpful.  Ultimately we chose this place because the location is perfect, the management and staff are so nice and helpful, and the apartment itself was our perfect layout.  I look forward to staying here for quite some time.
5	Tina and Ann are wonderful and I've loved living here for the past 15 months! I love the building, amenities, and location. I would highly recommend living here:)
5	This is one the best high-rise condominiums in the Phoenix area and the best condo complex in the Scottsdale/Desert Ridge area. And trust me, I've looked at everything from Kierland in North Scottsdale to Safari in Old Town.The amenities are great:- gorgeous pool with several new gas grills and lounge furniture- security 24/7- completely gated and secure- private parking garage floor for residentsThe units themselves are gorgeous and luxurious. - One of my favorite features are the 10 foot ceilings with floor-to-ceiling windows in every room. The views are calming. - There is absolutely no noise- The units are very energy efficient. The staff -- Tina and Ann -- are also fantastic. - They are quick to follow-up with any questions you may have - Work orders are also completed in a very timely manner and they leave a copy of the work order so you know the issue was resolved.The community is kind and courtesy. - Dog friendly- Polite neighborsCity North- clean and quiet- variety of bars, shops, and restaurants- safe- right next door to Desert Ridge
4	I think City North it is a wonderful apartment experience. Apartments are fantastic. Ten foot ceilings with a wall of glass from one end of your apartment to the other. The parking garage is a nice feature in the Arizona heat and it is secure. There are some very nice common areas with high end grills for those of us that like to grill. The single pool is very small for 99 apartments but it is not used much so it seems to work out just fine. Some very good restaurants in the area and a mall close by. Perfect!!
5	This is a REALLY great place to live.  Each residence is completely quiet and immaculately built. The upgrades are stellar as well.  I wasn't sure if living a 'city' style life would be for me.. but I would be VERY content staying here forever!  It's beautifully manicured grounds and fantastic heated pool and Jacuzzi make you feel like you're living in a resort.  I love the kitchen, the storage is awesome.. and my son& I love having a Jacuzzi in the master bath!  It's also safe... with fob entry to all doors and the parking garage!  Probably my MOST favorite thing in this place is my wall of windows that almost completely open... it feels like you can invite the outside in!Further, it's right near everything.  I love heading downstairs to all the restaurants and my neighbors are great too.  The ONLY thing I look forward to having them add is a gym.  but even with that.. I'm beyond content.  Luxury is to me.. and understatement.  It's fantastic!  it's the BEST apartment or condo style living I've seen.  I HIGHLY recommend it!  If you move here.. Tell them I sent you!  :-)
