3	i love going to Phoenix to dance especially when DJ Soden is there!  The three levels give you the chance to mix it up - hardcore dancing downstairs, second level people watching off the balcony and third level mix and mingle.  It is a young crowd (or maybe I am just getting too old to go???  Naww that cant be it!) and fights will still breakout but overall it is a ton of fun!
3	This club is by far my favorite for getting my grove on ;)  That being said, I've noticed the last few times that I've went the crowd has gotten increasingly worse.  And by worse I mean, a little more undesirable?  For instance I was there a few weeks ago and a fight broke out within 5 minutes of my arrival (not me!) and I know that can basically happen anywhere but it's just an indicator for me.  Besides that, it is a great club, with multiple levels and an outdoor rooftop patio with DJ that's just great.  It can get really crowded so real estate can become pretty scarce.An old high school friend of mine DJ Soden spins here and he never disappoints so if you're in need of some good tunes to get your groove on come check this place out!
4	Sound system: A++Staff: A++Bartenders: A+DJs & talent here: A+++The crowd...well. I am like the others, seems like every time I go there's a fight.I really like that there are multiple levels, to keep from getting too intensely packed.
3	I'll concur with the others...Phoenix is a great place to grab a cocktail and dance the night away. I can't speak to the typical DJs as I was here for a special event but here's are the items of note...Music/sound system: It's a great sound system. It was also super, super loud on the evening I visited. So loud my ear were ringing the next day. But, it's a great sound system and they played plenty of dance, Top 40, etc. Bartenders: Quick, friendly and to the point. I can't comment on their cocktail making ability as I simply ordered vodka and soda, but it was made just right. $6-$7 each depending on what type of vodka I requested at the time. Venue: The interior is well appointed, nicely laid out and offers plenty of room to dance. With multiple levels and a really great third level rooftop patio, there are options for just about any interest. Crowd: I can't really speak to the typical crowd here, but the evening I dropped by the club was mixed with different age groups, etc. It's worth noting that here is always security to ensure that any scuffle is remedied quickly. Which also means that I've heard about and seen some scuffles occur. Overall, if you're looking to get your dance on in a good looking club with three well thought out levels, Phoenix is worth checking out!
3	As I get older, it is rare that I am out at a club like Phoenix.  But I did visit for a special event, and it was not the sort of event you would expect to see in Charlotte.  Even some out-of-town friends remarked how they did not expect it to be held here.That said, the club itself is cool.  If you need a break from the pounding beat for a few minutes, it gives you a chance with an open-air deck up top.  The downside is that you do not get that much of a break because it is awfully loud, you get a view of a parking deck and sitting on those cushions may not be the most sanitary place in town.  Still, it is a nice change of pace from the interior if you need it.Staff is very friendly, and seem like they are doing their best to contain things.  Unfortunately, mix a really loud scene where people can hear almost nothing (to help understand one another), add a dash of alcohol and throw in tight quarters and you are likely to get an explosion now and again.  So kudos to them for handling it quickly when it does happen.
2	I went on October 29th 2011, Saturday night. The DJ's were awesome, but everything else was lackluster. The music was ridiculously squelching loud which drove me to the upstairs patio.  I stopped going to Top40 clubs not just because of the music but because of all the Roxburries who show up and stand around dampening the mood. Phoenix is no different. I had high expectations for this club, but was let down. The energy level was very low. The main floor was full of people just swaying and bopping their head making it impossible to get on it and really dance. When I go to an electronic music venue I expect to see people sitting down to catch their breath and suck down a bottle of water, not to post on their FB wall how much fun they are having, which seemed to be the case.
3	Meh. What can I say? Clubs are clubs, nothing new. I came here for free drinks and a table, so for that I'm going to say that it's not bad. Honestly though, I'm not really into the club scene anymore. This place used to be the Forum before they closed down and rebuilt it. They only open the top floors for the weekdays, and as I went on the weekend it was closed.College night is actually where it's at from what I've heard, sadly I'm too busy with school work and trying to graduate then to go and spend ridiculous amounts of money to drink and dance. Then again, I'm a drinker not a dancer. But overall, not a bad club to hang out in.... I think the popular place is still Suite, just because of the view. However, this is not a bad place. And if you're going to have a conversation, forget it unless you're going to be outside.
3	This place feels a lot more like bar/clubs on the west coast. The music, and decor takes me back. I enjoyed myself but I wouldn't say there's anything about Phoenix thats unique in a larger sense. I still had fun though.
3	How old am I and how long have I lived in Charlotte?  So old and so long that I remember going to all night parties when this place was Mythos.  Most of these parties would end at 6am although sometimes it would be a little earlier at around 4.  The last time I was in this building was when it actually was Mythos, so it was a while ago.  When they closed, it was empty for a few years, then changed to the Forum, and now it's the Phoenix.  I saw some superstar DJ's like Carl Cox and Paul Oakenfold play in there. Around that time, the laws changed so that it's almost impossible for a club to stay open after 2am now.  The reason I went to Phoenix was that a DJ/Producer group from the UK called "Above and Beyond" were playing here on a Saturday night.  I love their music, so I had to go, even though they only played from midnight until 2am when the club closed.  I never really made my way upstairs or off of the dance floor, so maybe next time I'll go just to hang out for the night.  I liked the layout of Mythos much better, but it's not bad at the Phoenix.  I did feel pretty old in there too.  I remember the days of vinyl, which wasn't even that long ago, when DJ's had to match beats by ear.  Now everything is digital and not quite the same.  Some of these kids will never hear the sound of a record as a dj's spins it off after transitioning into the next song.  Plus records just sound so raw and look so cool.
3	Phoenix is aight. The musics is good but not as good as Suite in my opinion.  I like the crowd since they were around my age, however there wasnt much dancing , and I'm a kind of girl that love to dance. The bouncer was kind of mean to me though. Like, seriously dude it was my first time going to Pheonix. Also I was on the list but that bouncer told me to wait in line too. But there were cute guys and gals so all are forgiven. However as decor wise, I prefer Suite mod looks rather than Phoenix southern mix. But if you're going for college than Phoenix is a decent place to go :)
1	This place was nice back in the day, but continues to decline as each day passes.  Charging $20 to get into a played out club is a bit much in my opinion when there are so many other bars/clubs that offer so much more within blocks of this place (some that are much nicer with a much lower cover).  This place is poor with service and the atmosphere is weak too.  Do yourself a favor if you want a bar with class and go anywhere but here.  This place has turned into something I never thought it would is all I can say.  The clientele has completely changed compared to a couple years ago, but I guess that's what happens when you have poor management.  People want to go where it is hip and this place is definitely not "IT" anymore.  There are so many places close by that offer so much more.  Check them out and don't waste a dime in this dump.
1	BORING, waste of time.  I won't be back.  The Forum was way better, the club has been going downhill ever since it was renovated to Phoenix.  They play their speakers well beyond the level they should be played at.  It's like listening to a cheap pair of headphones on maximum amplification, you can't distinguish tones or levels and it ends up being a LOUD BLUR OF SOUND.  I love loud music, but it has to be played on a quality system to reproduce what the DJ/artist wants you to hear/feel.  I'd sell the place as soon as possible if I were the owners, because the Phoenix name already has a BAD reputation in Charlotte and it's only going to get worse!
3	If I'm remembering correctly, I've been to Phoenix three times and twice when the club operated under "The Forum." All of my visits have been for special events for touring artists, so I have not attended on a regular night.The club is much smaller since becoming Phoenix, I haven't seen the entire venue used. I like the management and bartenders/staff much better since the switch and I've gotten better vibes from bouncers and security as well. The sound system is very good, and I've been impressed with the light shows and visuals. The resident DJ's usually open for touring acts and I've been generally impressed, the music is good but incredibly loud...like I'm probably going to need hearing aids in my 30's loud.
3	Great multi level club, great on Thursday night. Love the roof top patio. Lines are a little long  and they hold the door sometimes but its cool.
5	I had fun. Good drinks. Good atmosphere. Honestly for location, price and day it was great. I'll return when I need a crazy night again.
