3	The Hawaiian Marketplace is a cluster of little restaurants and huts selling random stuff (like "Italian-style" leather belts made in China).  The are fake trees and anamatronic birds singing Hawaiian music.  The whole thing is covered, which is nice for shade.  There is apparently an occasional bird show (http://vegas4locals.com/freehawaiianmarketplace2.html).Restaurants include Cafe Capri / Lava Lounge, China Star Buffet, Hamada, Tamba (http://www.yelp.com/biz/Mn6PbumS7GL2v3jPilTaeg?hrid=NPtpAsLlYGsZrqJnRNvTkQ), and Zingers.
3	The Hawaiian Marketplace is made to resemble International Marketplace in Waikiki, except, they don't really sell the same stuff as they do in Waikiki. Little kiosks are set up to sell various items and there are girls dressed in hula wear enticing passers by to come in and watch the Polynesian show they have at certain times of the day.The girls are accomodating and will take photos with visitors. There are restaurants and souvenir stores in and around the area also.
1	Laughing so hard... There is nothing Hawaiian in the market. Not even L&L. The joke is on you.
1	Cathy H. is right, there is nothing Hawaiian here at all! Not even a decent touristy Hawaiian shirt or phoney flower lei! LOL!!  What you will find here is cheap trinkits and lots of CSI-Las Vegas gear.  My advice...unless you want to check out the Polynesian dancers show...then skip it. There is so much more to do in Vegas than waste your time here.
1	Somebody spent a small fortune (well...a large fortune, actually) to build the Hawaiian Marketplace. What were they thinking?When it first opened, I thought it was mediocre. However, there were a couple of pretty good restaurants (including a branch of Hamada), everything looked new, and I figured they would eventually populate the empty buildings with all sorts of neat stuff.It was not to be. Hamada closed, and nothing interesting ever opened. There are a number of lackluster booths selling lackluster goods and, as others have mentioned, nothing Hawaiian in sight. The best I can say for it is that they've improved the original walkways so that, instead of being a major impediment to pedestrian traffic, it's only a minor impediment.Sad.
1	One 4-lettered "F" word sums up this place: FAILThe only thing even remotely Hawaiian about this place is the Polynesian dancing, but even then, they do Tahitian, not hula. Weak.
4	What?! I love this place! How come such low ratings? Yeah, its not your average shopping center or fancy shopping mall. But you pretty much know what you're in for even as you're approaching from two blocks away. This is like a mini version of Santee Alley in Los Angeles (except more expensive in most cases) or any other touristy location to buy souvenirs. There's clothing shops and stands, a fruit ink tattoo place (that won't last), shops for keychains and such and a couple of other stores and restaurants. I love the feeling of just walking through places like this and checking out the little things they sell here. It definitely deserves a higher rating!
2	Meh.  Trinkets.  A few restaurants.  Best thing here is the tixforless outlet but these are everywhere.
2	This is a joke. Do not even bother. It's a sad excuse for a tourist trap with vendors/carts in front. We've been to Hawaii many times and this does not even come close to any feeling that one would get that is Hawaiian-themed. An asian buffet failed here, so that should tell you something. The ABC stores around town are way better- get your little trinkets there.
2	Having just gotten back from Hawaii 2 weeks ago and being asked "what island are you from" from our server earlier that day, we headed over to Hawaiian Marketplace with high expectations.  I was also looking for malasadas ...It's disappointing here.  Still, we found a tix4tonight booth so it wasn't a total loss.  For those of you looking for a bit of the island flavor during your visit to LV, don't bother, you won't find it here.
1	So disappointing, after paying $3 to park in the showcase mall and having my 7 yr old subjected to the smut cards on the sidewalk and the smut newspaper stands there wasn't even anything Hawaiian at the Hawaiian Marketplace. It was dirty and run down. Most of the shops were closed.
3	Ok, this is the dive section of the Strip - but I think one can really already tell that before going here. The good part was we were able to do alot of "negotiating" on prices so it worked out well for souvenviers. The bad part was parking but beyond that, I think you know what you're doing to get before you get there.
3	This was still kind of a cool spot on the strip.  Well at least something to do for the one night you are in Las Vegas and kind of wanna take it easy that night.-I had done the club things nights and nights before so on the last night basically wanted to just chill in the Marketplace area and enjoy a few beers out in the yard with the family till like 11pm or so.  There were some nice cheap T-Shirt vendors to go to.  I stayed right near here at the  Polo Towers last June.
2	Hawaiian Marketplace needs to change its name. Because it's not. You'll see a lot of smaller vendors in the front along with an Indian restaurant in the back building, but there is really nothing appealing or related to Hawaii. Supposedly this takes after the International Marketplace in Downtown Waikiki, but lots of vacancies on the inside and now on the second level in the front building is definitely not a good sign...They do have some interesting and good entertainment on stage from 1-5pm and again from 6-10pm.As some of the other reviewers have mentioned, go to the nearest ABC Store and they have even more things that are closer to Hawaiian (at Showcase Mall and Miracle Mile Shops).
2	We stayed in the Polo Towers so the Hawaiian Marketplace was our shortcut to the blvd. I'm still confused why it's called the Hawaiian marketplace when i definitely didn't see anything Hawaiian about this small "shopping" area. It was definitely grungy and not the cleanest place on the strip.There is a huge stage at the center of the marketplace so I guess this is where all the singing was coming from at night. They also have several shops like teeth whitening, hats. dresses, sunglasses and I'm still not sure how any of that stuff is related to the Hawaiian Marketplace.
2	This place is just an open pavilion with bars and random t-shirt stands.  Don't get the wrong idea, it's not meant to be an entertainment hub (though they do have kareoke) but if you're looking for cheap booze and some drunkie hottie singing off key, this is your spot.
3	It's right on the strip and it's outdoors. There's a karaoke as well if you feel like taking on the creative side. The crowd is very diverse, from drunk tourists to regulars and night workers.You could talk to Batman or the Joker there, they work just around the corner and go there to have drink break.There's a also food offered till late so if hungry you could grab a bite from the fast food menu.
2	Like many others, I don't get the concept of the Hawaiian Marketplace.  The last thing it is is Hawaiian.It's a mish mosh of shops, kiosks and restaurants that don't really belong together.  It looks promising from afar like a mirage.  Then you get there and it's a pretty big disappointment.  Next time, don't cross the street, don't stop, don't bother.
2	This is a bunch of little kiosks selling random tchotchkes, knick knacks, and temporary tattoos. Nothing special here. There is a half priced tickets booth here which is probably the most useful thing in the whole place. You can get some $2 tacos and pizza too for your post-drinking binge needs. In general, I'd advise you to avoid it.
4	Went to the foot massage place near the back of the marketplace. The foot massage was really good, but the guy was very very insistent on selling more massages. I don't have a problem saying no, so I was fine. $20 for 20 min foot massage. Very worth it after spending hours walking around.
2	Kiosk area with random assortment of items.  The biggest positives of this area is the Tix4Tonight store and the fans with water misters...  Everything else there is just "meh" in my opinion.  Nothing to make as a destination.
3	I, like most others, didn't get that this was Hawaiian, after seeing pictures, I thought Oh I've been here, walked through every time I was in Vegas actually.Never bought anything, it's kind of scattered souveniers, overpriced spray on tattoos, stuff that no one really needs.Still, it's a nice  break up from walking casino after casino and a part of the Vegas strip, A OK to that.
1	Why do they call this the Hawaiian Marketplace?  Nothing Hawaiian in here.  Being Hawaiian born, I was immediately displeased walking into this dump.  Old, grungy, with cheap souvenir junk.  Stay away.  Outside and dreadful during the hot summer months.
2	So sad.  What is the Hawaiian Marketplace anyway?  It's just a few quick serve food joints, businesses out of carts, and a shell of a building with only an Indian restaurant and cobwebs of where other restaurants were.  Walking the Strip, you have to go through the outdoor market because there is no sidewalk to go on instead.  Where did they go wrong?  There is nothing to draw people to the marketplace except by forcing them to walk through it.  Nobody has ever said "hey, let's go to that cheap Mexican restaurant in the Hawaiian Marketplace and do some karaoke".  Yes, they have outdoor karaoke at night.  People go to the strip to go to casinos.  They are not going to go out of their way for anything the Hawaiian Marketplace has to offer.  It's too bad, because I am sure the real estate is worth a mint.
1	There is absolutely nothing Hawaiian here. Not even a Aloha shirt, hula doll or a Tiki. Just really cheap garbage. I wasted my time thinking there would be at least a bit of Hawaiiana.Simply do not go here if that is what you are looking for.
1	Lame in my opinion. Super dead, and very few options of food and shopping.You want a Hawaiian marketplace? Fork out the cash and go to Hawaii instead!
