4	My friend brought me here saying that it's the ONLY place she is willing to get her hair cut at because they know what they're doing and they make it look like what you want rather than something they feel like cutting themselves. I was debating if I should get a haircut or not but once I walked in, all the ladies were extremely nice and sweet! I fall for niceness and there were no pressure at all but I decided to get it cut anyway since I needed a trim badly.Swan was sweet and friendly. She kept all the conversation interesting and was a jokester herself. She asked if I wanted to get my eyebrows done too and I decided to do it too since it was good pricing. It was the best I've ever seen my eyebrows! They went extremely well with my face features.Then she got my hair cut. Boy, she knew exactly what she was doing. Swift and fast! I was so scared because noone ever cut my hair like that before (used to go to Great Clips only). Usually people are careful they didn't want to cut something they didn't want to and are slow cutters. The ending results were so perfect! She cut my bangs to how it SHOULD be!! I had it cut three previous times before (by Great Clips a few months in between) and people would always pity me when they see me or even offer to do it themselves for me because it looked so bad!! But after Swan cut them, they were the perfect length and perfect amount of bangs cut (if that makes sense). The only con about this place was that the floor was a bit messy with hair around. Everything else was organized and neat.I love this place and I will always return here to get my hair cut! They're the same price as Great Clips if not cheaper. They also do nails too!
4	A friend referred me here for a good, reasonably priced cut.  I typically go to Hair Schools or use Groupons because I don't have fancy hair and hate spending money on it when I'm not getting any color done. I called and made a reservation and whoever answered was very friendly. I did not request a specific stylist, I ended up seeing Tran and was very pleased. It's always nice to get a hair washing (even if those sinks are always so awkward!) and he gave me a good head scratching. I especially enjoyed that he talked to me about why he was doing certain things to my hair - IE: cutting it dry to ensure the length was accurate - although I didn't realize getting it flat-ironed was an upcharge (which I would have paid anyhow, but still).I was out in under an hour and really pleased with his advice on the cut and how it turned out. It was $41 with the blowout/flat-iron, which isn't too bad. I was going out that afternoon and my style held up great, and he didn't try to foist any product on me which I appreciate.They also do nails, waxing and have Redken color. Maybe next time!
