5	Well, I own and operate a carpet cleaning company in the valley and was in a car accident and had a whiplash effect  with some minor annoyance and just wanted to make sure that I was able to get back to normal and not have any effects down the road and they were nothing short of professional and helpful. They took the time to answer any questions I have had, explain things to me in detail and watched out for my well being. They are a well oiled machine there, so many options to help you get back on your feet and back to normal. Dr. Genet and her crew over there is outstanding. Dr. Tom did most of my adjustments and he is great as well. Thanks guys. I will be back for normal adjustments and will refer anyone to you that I hear needs your services.
5	(Testing out this new iPhone app!) Carry the world's problems on my shoulders has been a pain in the neck, so I began investigating my AZ State health insurance plan to see what I could get, before I get canned or before AZ decides to discard all benefits and lower wages so McCain and Sheriff Joe can buy bigger guns.  Coworker recommended this place, Dr. Genet is great, staff friendly, low copay. Weight of the world...still there, but body (and mind) is better able to deal!
5	I have been totaly pleased with Drs Genet and Amoia.  They are exceptionally caring and talentef.  Their staff is efficient, friendly, and accomodating.  They are working for the patient first. How refreshing in medicine.Having worked in many years in medicine, I know the difference!!These people are exceptional.  Thank you--all..
5	When I am under a lot of stress, it seems to accumulate in my right shoulder. The pain was so intense back in March, I decided to go back to the chiropractor. Now, I am the type of person that does not enjoy it when a chiropractor says, you've got to come 3-4 times a week for the next 2 months. I've had that happen before. And I wasn't even in pain! Monthly adjustments is what I enjoy. So, I've been going to American Chiropractic since March 2010 via a referral from a coworker. My first visit included a entire workup. Xrays taken, back/shoulder adjustment, and e-stem. Dr. Amoia recommended treatment 2 times a week for 4 weeks. Then as I needed it. Now, I have decent health insurance. But my flippin co-pay for a specialist is $50. I knew via my coworker that American Chiropractic had all types specials. Pre-pay plans where you pay a discounted amount for 4 treatments. At the time a massage and adjustment plan, which I loved! They really work with you at American Chiro! The office staff is extremely friendly. The therapists are fantastic! And the Dr's are, in my opinion, miracle workers! I highly recommend them!!
5	I have not had a need for Chiropractic services but I did "try" them for their acupuncture treatment of allergies. I went in there to see if acupuncture could help with my seasonal allergies. I had a few sessions and was very impressed with how professional and smooth their process is. I also, loved staying off the drugs and having no noticeable allergy symptoms! Pretty cool. I just love a small business that has their act together!
5	They are awesome. Clean and professional office with friendly staff.The doctors are great. I went in for treatments due a kink in my neck and I was extremely impressed with the results. I have recommended them to my friends and family.
5	Thank you fellow Yelpers! I was in real need of help for some lower pain stemming from a boating accident 10 years ago. I received very good physical therapy for a year after wards. Of course, your body changes over time and problems can arise. With your reviews and a google search I made an appointment on Tuesday and they got me in on Wednesday. Everyone was very nice and knew my name and remembered what brought me in. My treatment was started with a series of x-rays because of my issue. The x-ray technician was hilarious and we went over my x-rays as he took them. I am one of those people that ask a million questions like a curious three year old--he didn't mind at all and answered everything thoroughly. We had a great conversation as he performed all the needed tests on my spine and back muscles. Next I spoke with the Doctor and she was a small blond that was so sweet. She was very understanding to my every need and was very thorough with her preliminary exam. She then put me in the physical therapy room for some muscle exercises and heat treatment. After finishing up with the loosening up of my frame we went into the adjustment room. The same doctor who must have weighed 30 lbs less than me, talked to me during the adjustment explaining in detail what she was doing. This kept me calm as I heard some cracking noises (NORMAL) that I'd never heard before. I was very comfortable and relaxed during my entire visit. Most medical offices always feel rushed and treat you like a number. A.C.C. is amazing in the fact that I never felt rushed, didn't have to wait more than a few mins to be seen and has an amazing staff that take pride in their employer. This is a rarity these days. I would recommend this place to everyone!
1	Dr. Genet is the Worst Chiropractor Ever!!!! I have had many chiropractors that have done a great job and at American Chiropractic Center they Really Suck...... I will never go back and I would never recommend anybody ever go to this location. The Dr.'s at this location are only concerned about the money versus the patient. Dr. Genet acts kind in front of your face but really only wants to take money from the insurance company. Anyone that I encounter about Chiropractic Services I will only tell them to avoid American Chiropractic Center at all possible costs!!!
5	My wife recently had some pain in her lower back and called American Chiropractic Center.  The staff was friendly, fast and took care of her problem.  Excellent chiropractor!
5	Professional and friendly are the first things that comes to mind. They also give back a LOT to the local community. I highly recommend the fine folks at American Chiropractic.
5	I have been going to the Chiropractor for about 25 years now.  I just started going to American Chiropractic this year.  They are the BEST!!  The entire staff is knowledgeable and friendly.  Dr. Genet and Dr. Amoia are fantastic!  I usually see Dr. Amoia and when he is done adjusting me I feel great.  Many Chiropractors try to get you to come back several times  a week unnecessarily.  Once Dr. Amoia got my back in alignment he didn't push me to come back several times a week.  I call them when I need an adjustment and after 25 years I know when I need an adjustment.  That usually works out to about 2 times a month!  Thank you American Chiropractic!!
5	Last summer, my fiance started experiencing moderate to severe back pain.  Upon the recommendation of my cousins, we called and were able to make a same-day appointment at American Chiropractic Center.  When we arrived, we were greeted very warmly at the front desk by Susan.  In fact, we were greeted very warmly by everyone we met, from the X-Ray technician to Dr, Amoia, the man who would end up treating Bryan on each subsequent visit.We have been really impressed with the service and level of care we have received on the many visits we have paid to this office.  We have never had to wait more than five minutes for a scheduled appointment, everyone remembers our names, and when Bryan had to cancel an appointment upon the advice of the doctor he saw at urgent care one weekend, Dr. Amoia via a call from Susan called to check on him and find out what was going on.  It is clear that every doctor, technician, and therapist we have seen take great pride in what they do and truly care about the well-being of their patients.Thank you, Drs. Amoia and Genet and everyone at American Chiropractic for the wonderful work you do and treatment you provide!
5	I work 7 days a week, up to 11 hours a day, so my back is often pretty messed up. My boss was referred to American Chiropractic Center by a customer, and suggested I go as well.I was very pleasantly surprised by the friendly staff and price. Only 40 quid to get an X-ray, examination, adjustment and electric stimulation. That's a steal anywhere. I signed up for their adjustment plan that day. With the adjustment, I can get two adjustments a month for just 40 quid. Amazing.The doctors are very welcoming and professional, and the staff is beyond helpful. I plan on trying their massage services very soon.I can absolutely recommend this establishment to anyone. I always look forward to my adjustment, and I cannot wait to get back in there.
5	As the 5 star indicates......"Woohoo! As good as it gets!!"  and that is the perfect description of what Dr Amoia can provide for ALL of his clients.  I had some severe migraines that were caused from a couple of spills from snowboarding 4-5 months back(whiplash).  Not realizing how much work it takes to realign a neck, I was a bit resistant to going for the next 6 Weeks 2 times a week, but it was GREATLY needed and I would do it again!!  Not only is the customer service top notch, but the facility is exactly what a chiropractic/physical therapy facility should be.  I would HIGHLY recommend American chiropractic & Physical therapy to ANYONE.  In fact, Dr Amoia is the only chiropractor I will see for the rest of my life.  They take United Healthcare AND Aflac...so that was a DOUBLE SELL.  Thank you Dr Amoia.  Truly.  THANK YOU THANK YOU!!
5	Great staff!! Everyone is super friendly including Dr. Genet and Dr. Amoia. They are all wondeful and will do everything they can to accomodate your needs!!
5	A+ for American Chiropractic.  My back and rib pain significantly decreased within the first few visits to Dr. Genet and subsided for the most part within a few weeks.  The staff is super friendly and accommodating and Dr. Genet is kind and extremely knowledgeable.  Upon my first visit, she took the time to explain the chiropractic process inside and out and made me feel comfortable being there. I left there feeling good about my decision to visit their office and would recommend their services to anyone who needs a great chiropractor.
5	This place is great. Right down the street from my house. I was able to book an appointment for the same day. Clean facilities. Friendly staff. Knowledgeable doctors who made me feel comfortable about my first visit to the chiropractor. The doctor is cool too. He's from New York so he talks a mile a minute, make sure you get some coffee before you go. :)
5	I love Dr. Genet and her group. She has such great bedside manner and is always in a great mood. I love how when you walk in a million people recognize you (and even if they don't they do a good job at making you think they do) and everyone makes sure you're comfortable and doing well. Dr. Genet is really fast at whatever she is doing but you never feel rushed which I appreciate. My favorite is that your shoulders get a bit of a rub before your neck is done. All in all, I love this place and its service. Its clean and well respected and the Dr's have a great team.
5	This was for massage therapist Erica WOW. I usually like guy massage therapists because I feel like they dig in more but this girl was so strong and good. She was certified in a number of different things and really worked my muscles properly. I would love to make this more of a routine because she is just so amazing!
