5	They really do a great job, and you will really pay for it. I don't have incredibly pricey clothing, so getting my $50 blouses dry cleaned here just doesn't make sense- but I would absolutely trust them with very important articles (nice sport coats, lined trousers, wedding gowns, blood soaked mattresses... haha, kidding).
2	OK...so I like to have my shirts pressed and cleaned for the all important work day or business meeting, so I use to go to Maroney Cleaners which is right across the street from Viking Cleaners but I switched to Viking after Maroney lost a shirt and two of my ties after being a faithful customer for several years, I just didn't feel like they new how to run their business after they lost my $100.00 Tommy Bahama shirt.  In any so I switched to Viking across the street and in any event Viking does a top notch job on cleaning the only problem is that they are extremely pricey, and not very honest, I dropped off 12 shirts and asked the girl how much they would cost to get laundered...not dry cleaned just laundered..the girl at the counter explained that it would cost about $2.50 a shirt but some of them would have to be dry cleaned based on the material, I said how much is that she said it was the same as being laundered, I said OK then, So 12 shirts at 2.50 a shirt $25.00 bucks...so I am like OK see you tomm. so I come in to pick up my shirts and the bill is $45.50...I ask the same girl who now has a huge hickey on the side of her neck...not very professional to say the least. She says oh well pants cost $5.00 to be pressed. I said I don't have any pants, she looks confused and then after reviewing my receipt she explains that two of my shirts need special cleaning and that cost extra and 5 of them had to needed to be dry cleaned which is $4.10 a shirt. to say the least I was peeved. And explained to them that I specifically asked the price when I left them to get cleaned...the girl was like I don't know who you talked to. I said it was you, which she denied ever saying that she quoted me the $2.50 price for dry cleaning which at this point I was furious and explained that I would never come back.  So they do a great job at cleaning but their staff is dishonest and unprofessional...Use at your own risk.
5	So happy to have found this location while on my travels to Phoenix, AZ!  I can't speak highly enough about Viking Cleaners, especially for the exceptional job they did on my dry cleaning suit.  It's very clear that they take personal attentionto every detail of your clothes to make sure it is as good as new.  If you chooseViking Cleaners you'll be sure to get the highest quality service possible.The place was nice and clean & the prices were inexpensive for the amazing work they did so quickly! If you are lucky enough to live in Phoenix then I would highly recommend them for any of your laundry & dry cleaning needs.  It's very, very hard to find someone you can trust with your clothes, and I know I can trust Viking Cleaners.  I just wish I lived closer to them.
1	Won't come back here... These people are incompetent... Over two weeks for alterations that still haven't been done.. Made me wait Despite coming before a regular.... I'll give one star because at least the lady was nice
3	Very friendly ladies. Only used them for dry cleaning. They did a good job, but seem a little pricey. $19.50 for 4 of my husbands shirts.
4	At this location, I've had any combination of shirts and slacks laundered, dry cleaned, or altered.  In all scenarios so far, they've done an outstanding job, and the lady at the front desk is always very friendly and helps explain everything.  You also really can't beat the hours here.. which allows you to drop-off/pick-up your stuff before and after work, for those of you who don't work bankers hours.  The one knock would have to be that it's a little pricey - you can find most any other shop around the valley for about half the price (for dry-cleaning shirts/slacks, which is what I do the most).  However, the combination of quality, service, and location is perfect for me, so what works for me won't always work for the next person.  Try it out!
