5	While I totally agree with a lot of Yelp-ers who feel reviewing Starbucks is like reviewing water (it's plentiful, we need it to live, etc.), this location really deserves some recognition due to its wonderful staff. I work in the Esplanade and generally, this place is a culinary wasteland. But, at this Starbucks, the staff is truly special. Yes, they serve the same beverages as every other Starbucks, but the people who work here know my name, say hello and ask me how my day is and even start my drink before I have to ask. It is nice to be able to run down, grab a latte and share a friendly moment. I have frequented other Starbucks and other coffee places for years without getting this sort of assistance. So, Five Stars for the super-friendly staff.
5	Always quick and friendly not to mention great outdoor seating if you have the time!
5	I love the changes.
4	Surprisingly a great Starbucks considering its in a Safeway...it has lots of sitting room and is located in the Signature Safeway. It is conveniently located in the Biltmore area. Right behind this place is a great breakfast joint to.
5	Out of over 30 times I have been to this location ordering the same drink, they have only messed up once - and it doesn't help that I am one of those people that order weird stuff to my drink. Now that everyone there knows me, we're good. If you are on of "those" people like myself, you may need to walk them through it the first time.Super clean store and employees that actually DO care. I'll take my business to that any day.
5	Great friendly Starbucks. If you don't work in the building I am not sure why you would come but it is worth a stop. A great pick me up. The staff is friendly and professional. The drinks are well made too.
5	Walked here using the camelback underpass Saturday morning and we just beat the crowd. Five other people followed us in. There is lots of work space here and a large table that could easily hold a business meeting. The coffee was the usual Starbucks high standard and exquisite flavor. The barista was very efficient and the whole experience was marvelous. (And the bathrooms were spotless.) Lots of outdoor seating, which would be nice at a different time of year. Only four big comfortable chairs, so guessing this Starbucks caters to the working crowd.
1	Called in after my drink order was made incorrectly and spoke to Lindsey. She told me that the way I order my drink was wrong and that it was my fault it was wrong. That's insane! She asked me to tell her how I order my drink, I obliged and then she told me that I was right. After getting told you're wrong as a customer,  it makes you never want to spend money at that establishment again. I won't be ordering my drink at Starbucks again.
4	I give it a 4. Good service they might be a little slow but they work at getting your order right. They do care about your customers. They have a breakfast menu but why no condiments?  They have some comfortable seating but not enough.  The outdoor seating near by is excellent. The staff is friendly. I wish it was open a little later at night. All in all I do recommend it.
4	good customer services !!
