5	I am still beyond excited to have found this place! We were in the Phoenix area on vacation for spring break. There we got engaged on the 3rd of our 8 day stay. Unfortunately the ring was just a smidge to big. Worried it would get lost if it slipped off, and disappointed at not being able to show it off the rest of vacation got us in a tough spot. So we knew we would have to wait to get home and send it for sizing, so we looked for somewhere to buy the plastic sizers that fit the underneath part of the band to make it tighter until it was sized properly. We went to all the big name retail stores, like target, wal mart, and even corner stores like CVS and couldn't find any. So we plugged jewelery stores into our GPS and this placed popped up. It was right next to Target where we were, and it was about a half hour before they opened. We gave them a call just to see if they had what we were looking for, and said they did. So he invited us to come, even though they weren't technically open yet, to take a look. We told him the story, and how we were out of town, but there for the rest of the week. He took a look and said he would size the band there in his store. We thought it was usually a long process, and thought it wouldn't be done by the end of the week. WE WERE VERY WRONG, not only did he do it for us that SAME DAY, he did it at a great price, and shined up all my other jewelery so everything looked fabulous! i couldn't have been more happy with my experience, and the friendliness! and I had it to show off the rest of my vacation with out the worry of it getting lost! Should i ever need anything again while I'm out there visiting, this jeweler will be the first place i go!
5	I brought my watch in for a new battery today. I walked in, asked for what I needed and within 5 minutes I was taken care of and on my way out the door.This place is great.
5	Beautiful work done here. I had my engagement ring resized here. Many people warned me about not resizing more than 1 size, but I was determined. My ring has 3 diamonds down each side of the band and a lot of hand done engraving. None of that was compromised, and the settings are untouched. Truly great quality work, and I am grateful they answered any all questions and concerns I had. We paid $60 to resize; not sure how that compares to other jewelers but I feel it was worth every penny! I will be a returning customer as long as I live in the valley!
5	I saw the reviews from Yelpers and figured this would be the best place to take care of resizing my Christmas gift, a watch. We went in and within 3-4 minutes he was done with the resize. Amazing job. At $14 for the resize, he was amazing. The jewelry there was gorgeous but my husband saw his dream watch. He is addicted to Suunto watches but he found a Citizen watch that we could not pass up. So in love with this place and I would highly recommend it to anyone who needs their jewelry needs taken care of. Professional and extremely helpful.
5	Once again Keith came through like a magician fixing my wife's wedding and engagement ring making it look BRAND new grabbing lots of comments throughout our vacation. Secondly I learned that they offer high end watch buffing and cleaning as he was able to buff out the Rolex watch I was giving my wife for our 1yr wedding anniversary while out in Phoenix. Would HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend Keith and his team to everyone. Outside of that, great conversation on local restaurants and our trip to the Grand Canyon. Many thanks once again!!!
5	I shopped around before I took my watches in for batteries and repair.  I have an extensive watch collection and I wanted to ensure they would be taken care of.  First, I called and they were the nicest people on the phone.  Most other jewelers I called sounded as if they were rushed and didn't have time to answer my questions. They were patient and explained everything.  I had to call back a second time, I forgot to ask a question.  I arrived at the store and they were very attentive, listened to my request, as I had some repairs also.  They gave me an AWESOME bulk rate for the amount of watches I took in for batteries and repair.  They called one of the manufacturers for me, for a very unique watch/band combo and was able to get the information the next day.   I HIGHLY RECOMMEND HINRICHSEN for all of your jewelry/repair needs.  I will be visiting them again soon.  They have a great selection of jewelry in the store.  I looked around a little while I was there.  They are patient, listen, and follow through.  I am very satisfied with the repairs and battery replacement.  They are close to my home, saved me a trip to the mall.  This is my new neighborhood jeweler.
