2	Not great.  Some mediums and some lows:Ceviche - not that great.  Fish was kind of mealy and not seasoned well.Beef Tacos - the beef was VERY dry, some of it completely dry.  Seasoning was not noticeable.Carne Asada - decently seasoned, and not dry.  Nothing memorable though.Chips and Salsa Bar - the best part.  Several different kinds of salsa, including a tomatillo/avocado, a "spicy" red, and a "smokey" red.Tacos al Pastor - not that good.Rice and refried beans - standard fare, nothing to make them stand out.I do like that they used Mexican crema for the sour cream.All in all, qualifies as a "Never Again" stop.P.S.  Had three co-workers with me, and none of them liked it either.
4	Salsitas is a different style of mexican food (San Luis de Potosi/Michoacan) . I thought the beans and rice were delicious! I've had the chili rellenos, they were good but could've had more cheese inside, the sauce on top had very good flavor.  The carne asada torta was good and it was two meals for me. The carne asada should be chopped up because it was to tough to bite through. But, otherwise my experience was great. Service was great and they were extremely friendly!
3	Salsitas is a HUGE step up from the disgusting and poorly managed KFC that was here before it, and while I couldn't be more happy to have a new Mexican joint near my house, there's really nothing amazing about it. The carne asada is about on par with most of the "bertos" around town, the portions are a little smaller than Filibertos, and the prices are about what you would expect. The only above average thing is their hot sauce, it's smokey and wonderful. I'll certainly be back, I like to spread my Mexican food love around the town, but they opened right next to a Filibertos, a bold move and all, but I just like Filis more.
1	Let me start by saying if I could give it NO stars then I would have done that. Moving on to the review.... So my coworkers and I head here for lunch today..go in check out the menu which is quite small and limiting but whatever..decide to order a bacon breakfast burrito..go up to counter and ask if it has potatoes in it.. the girl replies with yes and I say "okay good" order my burrito/ drink (side bar -- they have their drinks behind the counter and I had to wait for the girl to finish taking the rest of lines order to get my drink..annoying but okay). The three people im with all order AFTER me and then ALL get their food. Im waiting..waiting.. after about 10 ish minutes and my friends PLUS all the people after me getting their food I go up and ask where my burrito is...they all look around at each other and are like "ummmm we accidentally gave it to a car in the drive thru" so my first thought is...IF YOU REALIZE THIS WHY DIDNT YOU MAKE ANOTHER ONE!? Whatever. The worst is yet to come. Get my burrito..yes, its piping hot. So I take a bite..hmm no potatoes and by being the freak I am; I then decide to open it up and look...nope, no potatoes. Roll it back up and decide to eat it because im starving. Well after about 2 bites grease just comes POURING out..im not talking a little bit a grease..a TON of it!! I have ate at Filly's/ Los Favoritos/Someburros all these kind of places and NEVER HAVE EVER ON ANYTHING experienced SO MUCH GREASE. I put down the burrito and my hands were covered in grease, my napkins, plate. Too disgusting to eat. So by now all my friends are done anyways and I just threw it away. It was only 5 bucks...but they will never get my 5 bucks again. Also, I was talking to a seperate co-worker on my way out of the office about this place and she said there was one by her house but it closed down! Should have taken it as a sign......... NEVER AGAIN!Another thing, if you were wondering......my other friends that did not have my experience got rolled tacos, tacos and a torta.. the general consensus was that it was meh. Not worth going back for.
4	Good mexican food w traditional sonara selection,the tortas are by far the best I ever had.they are big and grilled like paninis,they come with lays chips,weird but its a college town,they set up the inside like chipoltle so its easy for them drunk kiddies to get no pico on thee burro,because like filisquirtos they always forget,im sold on this place as of now,stay gold.
