3	Good place to go after a solid work out, tons of supplements to fulfill your needs and great service by their knowledgeable employees (can't vouch for every single one, but the one I've been dealing with most recently is great). I'd much rather make my own at home, which is why I don't frequent juice/smoothie bars often, but if I need to replenish fast then I'll just pop in and pick up a Pure or Decadent smoothie.
4	I mostly go to the Liquid Nutrition in Cours Mont Royal although I've been to the one on Guy a couple times.They serve all kinds of smoothies and meal replacements, protein powders, vitamins, wheatgrass shots and other foods for the health conscious person.My favorite are their milk-based smoothies either made with regular milk or almond/soy milks. The menu has changed a bit over the years but they keep a wide selection and when you walk in the store, you can easily read and understand what every drink is made of.I've tried their "Early Bird" meal placements which are on the pricier side and do make you feel full but unfortunately don't taste so great. The chocolate or vanilla flavored protein powders is something I'll never be a fan of.Compared to Jugo Juice, Liquid Nutrition is actually cheaper and has more variety.It's something I like to treat myself with once in a while - I can easily make these at home but when you're outside and feel like something refreshing or a snack, this does the job.
5	This place is an oasis for those of us who try to juice while travelling.  I had a great shot of wheatgrass (dirt grown for better nutrition), a ginger shot to kick my cold in its ass, and a great smoothie recommended by the owner.  I felt better in no time! I highly recommend this place for travellers and local juicers alike.
4	This little place was a breathe of fresh (and healthy) air after a trip to Parc du Mont-Royal. We were ready for a light lunch. I enjoyed the Banana Chocolate Whey Protein smoothie and felt rejuvenated after finishing it.  They have numerous varieties and sizes of smoothies and juices plus some packaged items. My friend purchased several packs of gluten free cookies which she kindly shared with me later.  It's all about health here so ask when you are not sure what to order.  One of us ended up with something very healthy but not so tasty.  The service could have been a little friendlier and engaging, but I'm live in Texas where that is almost always the norm.
