5	I was very pleased in every way.  I had a bunch of office items I had to store (unexpectedly), and I wasn't super-happy about having to pay for rental space, but I was delighted with the treatment I received at this Public Storage on Cheyenne. The lady who was the property manager was very outgoing and helpful the whole time.  She took the time to walk me through the whole procedure -- the cost of units, the options for payment, the procedure for entry and exit, and was very polite.  The place was very clean and well-kept -- a very professional maintenance, obviously.  I understand the reviewer "Adam D." wasn't happy about paying for his lock, but I felt the price was very fair for it, given that I'm also paying for peace of mind, protection of my stuff, and reasonable access. It was like what -- eleven dollars?  Not a king's ransom. Oh, and I forgot to mention that you can *keep the lock* forever after you're done using it on the Public Storage locker, so in other words, it's a fee you can avoid if you ever need to store stuff in the future...or just want to lock up your bag at the gym or something.  It's hardly a "racket."  In short, I would definitely use this business again...with my new Public Storage lock.
5	So I have a lot of hobbies, and these hobbies involve alot of stuff, that ended up in my garage. After my mom threatened to throw all my stuff out I decided it was time to rent a storage place. I'm very glad I chose this place, not only is it on the way to work, and very close to my house, the customer service girl, San, is amazing! :D I felt like I made a new friend, both girls were very friendly, polite, and helpful.
4	The staff at this location were fantastic!  They were very helpful, courteous, and very friendly.  I'd recommend them for any storage needs.My one complaint was that the 2nd floor was not air conditioned....just air cooled.  Air is not that cool in the summer.  The elevator nearest to the unit also did not work the day we moved out.Other than those slight issues, everything was great.  Very efficient and processed everything on the payment side very quickly...especially when it was time to turn it off.C
4	I haven't been to the Philly Zoo since I was in undergrad school. I co-chair a volunteer organization. One of our first events was to help with "Boo at the Zoo". What a fantastic experience! There were TONS of people on one of the most beautiful October days I could remember. Still a wonderful place after so many years!!
