4	With a cheery owner, an abundance of records, and a fine selection of bargains hidden amidst the stacks of CDs available, Avalanche always has at least one record you'll end up buying.  I find the frequent 99p offers too tempting to turn away especially when you can bag a classic Prodigy single, dance classic or  soul rarity for such a cheap price.  A solid choice for music lovers.
5	The "To Let" sign currently adorning avalanche's window has resulted in predictable widespread panic, with locals quoting tired "death of the music industry" monologues lifted straight from the Sunday supplements circa 2008. Thankfully, it's not shutting down at all, just moving a few streets away. It is still a bit worrying however, as unless they move to larger premises, it will definitely be a sign that things aren't going too well.One of the few independent music stores left, it clings on by keeping it's ethos firmly left of centre, and is a far better bet than HMV for the more obscure muso.
4	Avalanche is king of the hill when it comes to independent music stores.People flock to this store to fulfill their need for digging out new, obscure music. By obscure I don't mean fashionably off the wall, like NME would want you to be. Avalanche are firm supporters of the Scottish music scene, right down to its core. There is a great representation of local, unsigned artists in this store, and you can pick up a number of interesting CDs from local artists. As Lynsey said, it's a bit disappointing to see their punk section shrink considerably. But musical eras come and go in waves, so I'm sure punk will have its day again soon in some other form. For now, Avalanche is a great place to pick up some off kilter, interesting folk and alternative indie music CDs. More recently, their place in the Scottish music scene has led to them hosting the occasional gig in their shop space. Showcasing the best of the best of local talent, their record shop is pivotal to people passionate about music and much loved by the Scottish music community.
4	I'm not the sort of person that would normally visit a small specialist music shop like Avalanche.  I do love music though, and have my iPod on at some point nearly every day.  I decided to break my duck in this area, and popped in just a few days ago.Inside, this place is a welcome change from the HMV of this world.  The selection is varied, with prices starting from very low.  They have some of the chart CDs, and a selection of vinyls and LPs as well.  I will be making sure to come in here for my next music purchase.A couple of things that I noticed on my visit.  Firstly, there was no music playing in the background, which is surely something that you'd expect from a music shop.  Secondly, the guy in there was on the phone during the whole time I was in the shop, even serving a customer whilst maintaining the conversation.  I can't be sure if this was a particularly important call or not, but I'm sure he could have put the phone down to look after his customers.This is a minor quibble however, as the other reviewers all speak so highly of this place.  Judging by the sign on the front, they're going to be relocating soon, but I'm sure that music fans across the city will be able to enjoy Avalanche for a long time yet.[Insert suitable avalanche-based pun.]
4	One of the best shops in Cockburn Street has to be Avalanche Records. An independent record shop, this place is worth the walk up the steep street or up the steep steps of Fleshmarket close!As you go in, you realise that this shop is just bursting at the sides to introduce you to new music! It has a great selection of young, unknown Scottish bands. Indeed, this is the place where I first learned about Belle and Sebastian and Camera Obscura after hearing them being played in the shop!The staff have always been very helpful and enthusiastic when I have been in! They have even suggested other bands I might like to have a listen to!This shop is proud of its Scottish roots and is one of the best independent record shops in Edinburgh. It even has a sister branch in Glasgow as well. It has its pulse to the ground and is the place to go to hear new upcoming Scottish bands!
4	This place is cool Really cool.It;s the sort of place you come when you feel 'edgy'. It's small, but it packs a punch!!The staff are lovely, and the amount of stock they have is amazing. They have everything from S Club 7 to Shaggy. As my friend Tony would say, Grrreeat!
5	Mogwai Teenage Fanclub Orange JuiceAtzec CameraA.C. AcousticsIdlewildBelle and SebastianIsobel CampbellBill WellsArab StrapBoard of CanadaPrimal ScreamFranz FerdinandFrightened RabbitSnow PatrolTexasBiffy Clyro& Beta BandAs you might have guessed by now, Avalanche is an independent record shop that promotes and specialises in Scottish bands and singer-songwriters. The staff are friendly, prices are good and they stock new and secondhand vinyl, CDs and box sets. They also host occasional signings and live sets.
4	This independent record store is right at home on the quirky Cockburn Street. The display is certainly attention grabbing and some of the music in the store would be quite hard to come by elsewhere!They make a definite effort to support home bred musicians, which may explain some of the most bizarre band names I've ever heard in my life. There seems to be a particular theme of using animal names but I'll trust they know what they're doing.Paying for music is becoming an old custom, so it's fortunate one can find several bargains at Avalanche; you ease your conscience (for those who still have one when it comes to downloading!) without feeling too ripped off compared to the cheaper, um, free option.
5	Avalanche has an outstanding collection of records and CDs, as well as DVDs (mostly from the 1980s and 1990s) and album posters.  I could push this down to 4 stars because of the lack of cassette tapes -- yes, I do still own a cassette deck...there had to be one of us left -- but I'll resist.  The place is packed with things despite its small size, and it has an extremely laid back feel.  The staff is a little standoffish although polite, but they are very knowledgeable and they warm quickly once you display some knowledge of their wares.
2	It really hurts me to have to leave a 2 star review of Avalanche, but as a former weekly devotee I feel I have to. I spent a great deal of my teen years (and pocket money) in the West Nicholson Street and Lady Lawson Street branches, I loved the short lived vinyl basement at Teviot, and the Cockburn Street branch was like a second home when I went through my early 20s and started spending most of my money on vinyl again. But those halcyon days are gone.The shop's premises in the Grassmarket are a great space, I will say that. But it seems like since the move they haven't sorted anything out properly, none of the records or CDs seem to be in any sort of order, there's a lot of wasted space in the middle of the floor, nothing is priced, and a lot of the sections that were ones filled to bursting are now notable by their absence.There are still some great records in the shop, and the prices charged for them are pretty reasonable for the most part, but it now feels more like a junk shop and less like a record shop than it ever did before. Hopefully things will get better, but since there have been problems with getting a lot of new releases in stock (aside from the local indie-folk bands) I remain sadly sceptical.
3	I got a Shop Assistants 7" I didn't have before here... They are supposed to specialize in Scottish music (but they did not know who Ivor Cutler was?).
