4	Seems like a new spot, still can smell the just finished construction inside, I was skeptical at first since the outside didn't look as good as the inside. Our group of three ordered six rolls, they come cut in slices of 5 and were rather chunky. I usually don't like chunky sushi but this was really delicious, I was really impressed with the effort put into preparation. My friend had the shrimp miso soup which had nice sized shrimp in it versus those 'cup-ol-noodles' shrimp you typically see in miso soups. I'd go again when I'm in Montreal.
3	Simple, clean interior. The food that I order was terrific. The sushi rolls were fresh and tasty, items on the menu cost from $3-$10. The wasabi was a bit weak in my opinion, but you can tell me when you try it.Very friendly and accommodating staff.I would go back to this place again.
4	The place is closed.
2	This place is definitely mediocre and I agree with all the reviews  that deem this little hole in the wall 'overpriced,' because it really is. I ventured over to this spot last night for a quick bite to eat--I was craving spicy salmon rolls like you wouldn't even believe--and I left feeling unsatisfied. Firstly, $6.75 for a spicy salmon roll (with 5 dinky pieces) is really unacceptable. I mean I don't even think it was made fresh and it was not (I repeat, not) spicy in the least bit. Although I must admit the Chicken teriyaki was good--fresh vegetables, delicious sauce--I feel that you could get the same thing at a food court in a mall somewhere. Hell, even 'Teriyaki experience' at Centre Eaton serves up a good teriyaki stir-fry.The service was bizarre. The waitress did not speak a word to me--from the moment I  walked in (she motioned me to an open table) to the time I left, it was mostly grunts and head nodding. I usually go out of my way to say 'oh, thanks' or 'how are you,' but it would have been like talking to a brick wall with this one. She was a piece of work. The decore is very mundane. Its basically like title flooring with a splash of this nasty blue paint on the walls. The tables are wobbly and the chairs are IKEA. Nothing wrong with IKEA but for $25 for one roll and a teriyaki I expect at least a little effort on presentation. I should've known--if there are only two other diners in the joint at 6 pm its probably not where you want to spend your precious sushi dollars. Even Sushi Crescent--an AYCE place--was infinitely better in taste, price, and quantity. Go figure!
3	I've been to Aqua Sushi a few times for the sushis, and I have to say what you get is fine. The restaurant is very clean, the staff very professional and the food is fine. It is not extremely good, but it is fresh and tasty. The service is quick and attentive, while remaining discreet. you'll get to enjoy sushi while listening to Vietnamese music. Tell me about globalization! The prices are fair, and I would recommend taking their combos as they are the best price-quantity ratio. This place is the spot if you are looking for a quiet evening without any fuss. Relaxed and simple, this is a restaurant you come to if you are out of ideas or if you are in the area.
