5	(conveyor belt of sushi rolling by)LAS VEGAS ROLL:  Check. Me. Out. Baby. I'm tantalizing. I've got some BBQ eel, masago for real, and a cream cheese seal. Deep fried, hun. Find me on a purple plate. And. Don't be intimidated by my crab stick's weight. Pick, me, up, for my three dolla rate.(more sushi rolling by)TATUM ROLL:  Ooooh. Pick me! Pick me! I'm kinda sorta spicy. Try me and you will see. Crawfish. Crabstick. Avoca-DOH. I'm really super artsy. I'm really super pretty. I'm really super tasty. Try me if you're gutsy.CATERPILLAR ROLL:  Fresh green, fresh green. I'm pretty much the queen. My sliced avocado is the best I've ever seen. Cute sauce, cute sauce. With colors like a boss. If you don't get me, it will be your loss.(wasabi kicking in)WASABI:  I. Am. Strong. I'll give you a high. A tingle in your nose then a tear in your eye. Sinuses, goodbye. By the end of your meal, I will hear you sigh.(small bowls of ice cream appear)ICE CREAM:  Heeeeey. Did someone my name? Say you saw I'm free and no charge you'll be to blame. Just be sure to eat me with no shame.(check rolls in)CHECK:  Best part is, that this new biz, is cheap for it's wiz. Eight dollars, Ms.
5	Five stars for really good sushi priced right.  Great service too.
5	I'm so excited that a quality sushi place has opened in desert ridge and it is affordably priced!
4	My husband and I went here last night with a 10% coupon to try it. Walked in and within the first 10 minutes decided to have one roll and leave. However we decided to stay and we were actually glad we did. No it wasn't what we are used to but it managed to deliver some fairly decent sushi and the cost was unbelievable. The quality and taste was definitely there. I liked how they offer 4 piece rolls instead of 8 which allowed me to try more and not get overly full. I am pretty sure we would go back. I would not trade it for my favorite place but at this point not even sure what that is any more.
4	Very fun way to enjoy sushi and other Japanese dishes! Every table has the opportunity to grab dishes coming by, and they are all priced at $5 or less (although nobody at our table got an item over $3). So, the prices are very reasonable! Our server was also very attentive and friendly. This is a great place to go if you are trying to satisfy your sushi craving!It's a little set off from the street, so it can be a bit difficult to find. Worth the find though!
1	I was excited to try this place as I have heard of conveyor belt sushi and it sounded fun. I never realized it meant the same sushi going around and around and around again....as in getting old or cold if supposed to be hot (like the baked mussels). If you truly love sushi for the fish, skip this place. You get what you pay for, and at about $3/roll, that's what you get-most roll options were of the mayonnaise variety or tempura and the tempura wasn't good. The rice wasn't fresh either and I kept wondering if the rolls were a day old already. Too bad.
3	This place is more fun than yum!I totally dig the production line-like conveyor belt the sushi rolls are going around on! This place totally caught my eye as I first walked in.  However, the sushi and rolls are pretty basic.  Nothing too fancy or exotic that would entice my sense or palate.  You have your Spicy Tuna, Spicy Crunchy Tuna, Philly, and Vegas etc.  The cool thing is they do have the Japanese Sodas floating around too.  Other than that, I think it's fun to look at the food passing by and guessing what they are.  Service is good, no doubt and the ambience is very fast foody with some Asian flair.  I would say come for HH to make things a little more interesting with a few drinks.  If you're a beginner Sushi eater than this is the place to start! - Enjoy!
1	I love sushi, pure and simple. I did not love this place even though I love the concept. If you are a sushi fanatic and want fresh, melt in your mouth fish, this is not the place for you. I had three different sushi dishes - tuna, salmon, and whitefish - all the fish was dry and tasted the same. My husband picked up four different rolls - Hawaii, Dragon, Spider and Crunchy Spicy Tuna - with exception of the sauce, they too tasted the same. We thought the seaweed "nori" wrap was very "chewy" and tasted funny. The gyoza and the Inarizushi (stuffed tofu skin) were actually the best things we had. Service was friendly and efficient. I like how you know the price of the item by the color of the plate it is on.  It is kind of like a reverse cafeteria. Instead of going through the line, the line goes to you!  Among the typical offering like sushi and rolls, they also have desserts (tiramisu, cream puffs, cheesecake), jello and fruit salad.Think, and then think again, before you trek here. Weigh the choice . . . price vs. quality. The price was right, the quality wasn't.
5	I GO HERE AT LEAST TWICE A WEEK! I absolutely love the people that work here--they are all so sweet and accommodating! They also know exactly what my friend and I order every visit (endless crunchy rolls)...I guess you could call us 'regulars'!  I like to keep it simple with the rolls, but last time I was there I tried the new mexico roll (AMAZING), jalapeno poppers (SO TASTY), and tatum roll (DELICIOUS)! I will most likely stop there after work because talking about it just isn't the same as actually tasting it!!
5	Came here with the hubs- and we love the place :)  We were able to eat here for significantly less dinero than you typically spend at any other sushi restaurant.  The food comes by on the conveyer belts and the items are price coded by the color plate they are on.  At the end of your meal you just add up the plates for your total.  Each plate comes with 4-6 pieces of sushi- and they also have salads, desserts, appetizers, etc on the belt.  If you are afraid that the sushi has been on the belt for too long or there is something else that you would like that isn't currently on display you can order direct from the bar.  Win win :)
5	Came here when it opened on Saturday morning around 11:15 am (they open at 11 am). We thought we give it a try since my daughter's dance class was 3 miles away. We have experienced the revolving sushi before at a different location in AZ (in Chandler), but thought, this one is closer so why not give it a try?This place is smaller than Teharu, but definitely had more seating around the revolving sushi belt. We were quickly seated when we arrived. The waiter was extremely nice and brought us our drinks quickly. One thing I noticed quickly is that they had the color of the plates and the prices very well broadcast in the restaurant. We had a couple of things: seaweed salad (yum), rainbow roll, dragon roll, shrimp sushi, squid sushi, etc. Everything was great - and seemed fresh (since we were there when they opened). They were also VERY quick when I wanted something I didn't see. The sushi chef made it a priority to get me what I wanted, instead of having me wait, which was a plus.  At the end of our meal, our hostess came by and chatted with me. I had previously told the waiter that it was our first time and we saw the recommendation on Yelp. She was fascinated and asked if this was our first revolving sushi experience, how we thought of the place, etc. She even gave us a 10% off card for our next visit, which was nice. Definitely come here again.
4	I guess the Chinese is coming around to invade sushi too.   If you are going for sheer quantity over quality this is place to go.  The variety is excellent, and as far as I am concerned, the sushi wasn't  bad.  Most of the sauces on their rolls are similar either with eel sauce, mayo, or spicy mayo.  Nothing fancy as Bao mentioned.  I enjoyed the Rainbow, Dragon, Desert, and the Baked Scallop rolls.  The Surf Clam was on the rubbery side.   My friend had grabbed the squid salad.  It didn't taste fresh.  I'm assuming it's been circling around the belt.  Service is  very friendly and attentive.  This place is hard to spot.  It is located in a strip plaza behind US Bank next to Pita Jungle.  If you want something affordable, filling, and still tasty, this is great!
5	Great food, fast service, fun environment ;)
3	I agree with fellow Yelper, Bao....this place is more about the fun than the yum. So know what you're getting into if you're an avid sushi fan - this place is not about high quality or exotic sushi. But if you're in the mood for quick, decent basic sushi? Then add this place to your list. This is the best revolving sushi place that my husband and I have ever been to...we typically don't enjoy the flavor and selection at these types of establishments...but Sushi Station has more variety than most and decent tasting sushi.The best reason to find yourself here is if you want a quick bite of sushi and want to enjoy more types of sushi than you normally would when having to order full sushi rolls. The fun is watching the food go by and enjoying a few pieces of this, a few pieces of that, and so on. Pricing for plates is pretty cheap - our lunch total came out to just over $30 for the two of us and we enjoyed at least 15 plates. Most of our plates for the $2 kind but they have plates priced at $1.50, $2, $3, $4 and $5. The $4 and $5 plates were few and far between. Another perk is getting to sit down right away and start grabbing your food without any wait. Perfect if you're stomach is grumbling and need something asap.The place has a lot of seating and is open and clean. Service was friendly and quick. They have a happy hour that seems worth checking out. The hubs and I plan on going back if we're ever in the mood for a quick bite of sush. Not bad, I say....Not bad!
4	Fast, affordable, and yummy. Gave it a 4 because I'm curious about how long the food rotates. If your looking for good fish don't come here.
4	This concept is a hum ding-er in my book. Where can you go to sit down and immediately grab something rolling by on a conveyor belt and star eating? HERE! Plates start at $1.50 for your basic California crunchy roll to $5 for a bit exotic type rolls. I ate there twice in one week, so I can say it works for me for a quick, fun place to eat on the fly. Is there better sushi elsewhere? Of course, but the experience and food is still quite good. The wait staff is very friendly as well.
3	Just went there this afternoon for the first time, and I'm in love with this place. It's so simple yet so great. You sit down, order a drink, then just start grabbing sushi as it rolls along this little conveyor belt. The sushi are all labeled and priced, and have a nice selection. They also have other things like dumplings, salads and such. Also, they have Happy Hour from 3 to 6, worth it. So if your cravin sushi and dont want to sit and wait a long time at a traditional restaurant then check this place out.
4	Is this the best sushi I ever ate?  No.  Not even close.But is it a fun environment, with decent rolls, and cheap?  YES!The sushi comes in small orders starting at around $1.50 and moving up to about $4 or $5.  There's nothing special about the rolls at sushi station, but the price is a lot cheaper than grocery store sushi, and the quality is much better.  The tuna and avocado roll, the salmon and avocado roll, and spicy crunchy salmon roll were all good.  A total of 8 orders for two people came to a little more than $17.  Good deal.Just a note for some people; Look at the menu.  Every special roll, most appetizers, and most salads have shell fish in it.  It's mostly prepped and can't be changed.  If you have a food allergy, or other dietary restriction, this may not be your sushi place.
3	For the price, you can't beat it, since the only other conveyor belt sushi places are in Tempe or LA. It's mediocre at best for sushi standards, but hey, it's F-U-N.  A couple sake bombers and you'll be good to go! :) I would recommend sitting near the front sushi bar along the right hand side if you want to see what's the freshest.  Also I always order a bunch of assorted hand rolls @ $2 ea right off the bat.  Then it gets made fresh just for you! and just supplement with a few other things that catch your eye on the belt.  Unless you've seen it be put down, it may be a little old.  Even sushi that's been sitting for 15 minutes does not make me a happy camper.
3	Okay so i have heard about this place from a lot of people saying it was good so one day I went to go check it out. I went on a Friday night with some friends and it wasn't very crowded at all.. so the 3 of us got seated right away and the waiter said that he would be right back.Even though I loved the concept of it... the service is not so good. we waited for the waiter to come ask for our drinks for literally 20 MINUTES! So after i waved the guy down, I didn't see what i wanted.. so i called the guy back over (because he never came back around to see if we needed anything)  i asked him for a couple rolls and he said okay and didn't bring them until 20 minutes later. The whole time i saw him in the back by the kitchen messing around with the other girl workers.. i was so upset. I love the food and it a must try but the service is not so good.
4	The only other time I've experienced a Sushi-go-round was my visits to Japan. They are all over the place! So I was extremely excited to learn that Sushi Station opened in Phoenix. No, it's not fancy. But it is fun and quick. It was extremely packed when I went so I didn't have any issues with not getting anything fresh. In fact, it was so busy that the most popular custom rolls were getting snatched up before they came around to us. But the prices are extremely reasonable, rolls were tasty  and it was a unique dining experience. I will be back!Updating my review to 4 stars from 5. Went on a Friday night in August and the rolls were very mediocre and service slow even though it wasn't very busy. Didn't leave any ginger out as they had taken all of the ginger jars off the tables. However, I still love the conveyor belt concept. When I want really great sushi, I'll go to Geisha a Go Go but this is still a fun quick lunch/dinner option close to home.
3	This was certainly a different experience, interesting to say the least. The revolving Sushi Bar you could say was an attraction. You pick what you want as it goes by. I would go during Happy Hour 3-6 pm to check them out. The pricing was reasonable and the food was good. It looked like it attracted a younger crowd. If you want a fun environment with decent food, this is the place for you!
4	Conveyor belt sushi rocks!  We've been here a handful of times with our young children (just there last night) and by some miracle every time we visit Sushi Station, my husband and I are able to enjoy a decent meal without being interrupted by our kids.  They are too busy watching the revolving small plates of sushi and munching down on the shrimp shumai, edamame and jello.As for sushi quality, I would give this place a solid B+.  For the price, you won't find better sushi in town.  I can get a 2-piece order of Nigiri Sake (salmon) for $2...and it's sushi grade fish!   We have towering empty plates at our table and the bill for 4 averages $50, sake bombers included! For serious sushi fans, this place might not rock for you.  My husband and I are serious sushi lovers (we met at a sushi bar back in the mid 90's), so if it's a sushi date night in town we go see Mo at Toyama or head to Roka Akor or Pure.
4	My new fav for sushi in the neighborhood.  The conveyor belt is fun, but it reminds me of dim sum - always hawking for food.  The sushi is decent and it is nice not to order an entire roll.  We've been there about 3 different times and sat a few different sections - no problems with getting sushi.  I do like the fact that if you haven't seen anything come by to your liking or if it is all taken, you can order what you want and they will bring it by.  It is very affordable with plates ranging from $1.50 to $5.  It is not the best sushi in town, but it is the best sushi in Desert Ridge.
3	This place was definitely fun. The sushi was alright. I think going around on the conveyer makes it difficult to maintain the temperature of what should be cold or hot. The only thing that really turned me off were the muscles, but I knew it was a gamble...I can see how this would be great for a fun casual date, people with kids, or those who are not big fans of sushi, but if you're looking for a gourmet experience, go elsewhere. This would also be a great place for a quick lunch if you're in the area!
5	Awesome spot for good, reasonable and tasty sushi. It's the only conveyor belt sushi I know in town, and is it awesome. They have your standard rolls all the way to more exotic concoctions. Plates are broken down by $1.50, $2, $3, $4, $5 increments- but don't think everything is $5. I eat sushi often and eat a wide variety and when I go to Station, 80% of my plates are $2. I went with my gf, both had a drink and ate until we couldn't anymore...and it was $40 when a typical sushi dinner is around $120-$140. Definitely love this place and is now one of my favorites.
4	I love revolving sushi restaurants. As far as I know, there are 3 revolving sushi restaurants in Phoenix area, of which I think Sushi Station is the best. A lot of variety is the thing I like the most about this restaurant. About 20 rolls, 15 types of sushi, 5 salads, 5 appetizers and 5 desserts including carrot cake, 3 kinds of cheese cake, chocolate moose cake, cream puffs and jello on the conveyor. Just looking at them moving on the conveyor is a lot of fun.Sushi Station is not the cheapest of the three. Teharu is the lowest but the quality is not so good. But you can get 10% off coupon from Sushi Station's website. The quality of Sushi Station is much higher than Teharu, although it is still the quality I expect for a revolving sushi restaurant but it's good enough, esp for the price. If I want to eat real good sushi, I will go to Shimogamo or other authentic Japanese sushi restaurants but it is the fun experience and reasonable price that I expected from revolving restaurants. So I'm sure I will go back to Sushi Station soon.
3	Just so much fun!I love the idea, when I saw it on the food network that was showing fun eats in Japan. So I jumped at the chance to go to the rotating sushi bar at Desert Ridge.I went with a friend, and we enjoyed the variety of items, edemame, carrot cake, asian sodas, cheesecake, poppers.The food wasnt spectaular ,meaning, there was no flair to the food , just the standard sushi rolls. Really fun to go out with a group or date.I will be back.
3	Average sushi but lots of fun.  I love just taking things off the conveyer belt.  Alcohol is also a bit pricey.
2	I'm shocked that this place has gotten such good reviews.  Its fun, I suppose to watch the food going around and around.  I've enjoyed places like this in Hawaii, but for me its the quality at the end of the day that makes or breaks it.  The quality was horrible.  And I'm not really a sushi snob.  But this was really pretty darned bad.  Every single item that I tried tasted exactly the same.  It was only the texture that changed with each new item, and lets face it...the texture on seared tuna isnt really all that appetizing.  Yes, it was cheap.  Yes, it could be fun and yes, the staff was very sweet.  But I can't go back...at least not in this town where there is good sushi at almost any corner.
5	Love this place! Food is all ready for you and the sushi is fresh and cheap. The include salads and appetizers as well as dessert too. Service is greats too!
3	Want sushi fast without the fast food taste?  Try Sushi Station.  I have gone to Sushi Station several times and I have consistently enjoyed their rolls.  Are they something to write home about?  No, but it is a solid lunch place with great, quick, and friendly service.  If for nothing else, it is worth going to for the spectacle of the conveyor belt that wraps around the restaurant delivering plates of sushi to patrons.  I definitely recommend people try this place at least once.
3	Who doesn`t love  a revolving sushi restaurant?! Fun atmosphere with the conveyor belt full an assortment of sushi rolls, salads, edamame, and mini desserts. I even spotted fruit going by! Now, all my friends knowI  love, love, love sushi, if you are looking for high end expensive sushi, this is not the place. However I liked the rolls and salmon nigiri I picked. All items were fresh. This place was popular and busy, good service and good food!
4	If your in a hurry and you want good Sushi this is the place for you!  Nice variety and reasonable prices.
3	Like a moth to a flame, I totally fall for gimmicky stuff all the time. This is no exception. I absolutely adore having my sushi travel around on a mini conveyor belt. At places like these, I've learned that the sushi tends to be fresher when the restaurant is crowded, because the chefs constantly have to replenish the sushi that's been taken off the conveyor belt and I'm not sure what the turn around time is before the sushi is removed (I'm sure there's some secret protocol in place). At noon, the place was boomin'! Sushi Station had quite the variety of rolls. Unagi avocado rolls, tempura rolls, Imagine rolls, and Tiger rolls whizzed by on the belt, but by the time I read the description, I had to wait for them to make their "rounds" before they made their way back to me again. I just was so mesmerized by the movement though that I was in a trance instead of deciding whether I wanted the roll or not. At similar mobile sushi places, usually there's a sticker dot that indicates the price of the sushi and based on dot color or number of dots, you could tell how much each plate is. Here, there are petite signs that lead each set of rolls out, so you're never confused what each roll is. I like how easy each name was displayed here on clear, neat signs.  There was nigiri also present: maguro (tuna), shake (salmon), seared tuna, and tamago. There was also desserts like carrot cake, tiramisu, and jello traveling around.In case the food on the conveyor belt wasn't what you were "jonesing" for, they also have a regular menu booklet you could flip through and order directly from. I didn't even bother with this because it wasn't as fun. What a short attention span I have!Overall, sushi was pretty good for what it was worth. My friend and I walked out paying $23 total including tax. Normally at fancier sushi restaurants that would have gotten us two specialty rolls (if that) without drinks. I really like this place. I get my sushi fix while still on a budget and the atmosphere is interactive and fun in itself!
3	I was very skeptical of this place as I am a bit of a germaphob...however I was pleasantly surprised.  I liked the options and the pricing of their sushi, not at happy hour.  My daughter loved watching the food go around and around!  I was a little disappointed with the lack of other options on the menu for children and those that are not sushi fans.  Other than fried food, which we aren't big fans of the only other option was a $10 meal.  We will return for another try, but probably without our kids and only with people who like sushi.
3	I LOVE sushi! That being said, Sushi Station has "OK" sushi. I go here because it's close to where I work and it satisfies my craving for raw fish. Like I said, the sushi is good but not fantastic. What makes this place attractive to go to at least once a week is the novelty of the conveyor belt. If you've never been to one of these joints, go. They are pretty neat, and even after going here for a little while now, the novelty still hasn't worn off on me. I just love watching the food go round and round the restaurant. My only recommendation is to go when it's peak lunch time; that way, you are assured of getting the fresh stuff because it's replenished at a faster rate than if the lunch crowd had cleared out.A few words about the service. Every time I've been there the service has been great. They seat you right away and the wait staff is very attentive. Oh, and another thing I like is that the sushi chef will say hello and they actually recognize you as a regular customer. My only beef is that on the bill they charge a penny for tap water. Now, I know it's "only a penny," but for me it's not the money so much as it is the principle. I have argued many times with the wait staff regarding why they feel they have to do it, but to no avail. Out of protest, I just don't pay the penny. I know I'm being silly, but I stand by my convictions and it just seems silly for them to put a one cent charge on the bill for tap water. No other restaurant does this.Oh, and get the Hawaii Roll. It is BY FAR the best thing circling the restaurant.Cheers!
4	Having just moved here from the Pacific Northwest, where these sushi "track" type restaurants are as ubiquitous as Starbucks, I actually seek these places out due to their prices usually being very reasonable; I try to eat sushi 3-5 times per week.I don't ever eat any of the typical "rolls" that mot people eat.  I don't eat Krab with a K, and I don't like all the mayo and sour cream crap that most rolls have.Thus, I base my opinion on the same thing ordered in every sushi place; salmon roll with avocado, tuna roll with avocado, and Salmon Nigiri along with a Miso Soup.This place has a Happy Hour where the plates are discounted by 50 cents Sun-Thur from 3pm-5pm, which is usually when I go.This place is very good for the money; It's nice to be able to fill up for less than $12.00.  The rice is prepared well and the fish is very fresh.  The Miso soup was just average, though. I have eaten here a few times since moving here 3 weeks ago and I will continue to, as well. :)
4	I am going to keep this short. For those of you who have been to Teharu, you want to know how it compares:Quality - DrawVariety: Sushi StationWait time/Service: Sushi StationPrice: TeharuSo, if I am willing to make the drive, and I have a little extra cash on hand, I will pop into Sushi Station. Otherwise, I'll be waiting to find a seat at Teharu.If you live near this fun little place, give them a go.
4	inexpensive and quick.i was surprise the food was good and lots of it, pretty much a little something for everyone.
4	It's a revolving sushi bar that serves fresh sushi and creative rolls at great prices.  If you can't find the roll/item you want, just ask the staff and they are more than obliging.We have been there while they were busy and while it was slow.  Each time we received excellent service. The desserts aren't as impressive (jello!) But then I didn't go there for dessert.Hopefully this restaurant becomes a mainstay in Desert Ridge.  Will be great to have affordable, high quality places in that area.
4	I love this place. The sushi is cheap and it reminds me of the Sushi Boat restaurant back home in San Francisco. Except this is much tastier. Fish is fresh, selection is great and the service is always good or excellent. We typically get out of there with a sub 20 dollar check for two strong eaters for dinner. I have now been at least 12 times. Can't comment on drink or sake selection cuz that's not my bag, but the happy hour specials seem legit. They recently switched to a new style lid for the rotating plates (more sturdy probably easier to clean) they look nice but because they only have one large hole in the top, hot food creates condensation inside and the Gyoza (and any other hot items) get soggy. Quick fix tho, just order hot items from your server! I will keep eating at Sushi Station.
4	Tried after a movie, got lost, but called and glad I did. Loved all the sushi, and ordered miso soup, agedashi tofu (no broth, so just fried tofu),  will be back for the other soups (osumashi & gyoza). This place kinds of reminds me of Japanese dim sum...:) Will definitely be back.
4	What an interesting concept.  Sushi was B+, A-, Atmosphere A, Service A+
5	great experience a must try!
4	Took the father-in-law and kids for an afternoon treat. We wanted to try something different - but still Sushi - and I remembered reading a review about this place on Yelp.If you don't already know - it is a moving sushi bar. The bar doesn't move, the sushi does - on conveyor belts.While it was a little trek from my house, I think it was well worth it if just for the experience. The Sushi is above average - but not over the top great. The experience and service of the wait staff is what makes this place shine!TIP - Order HOT items from the waitress, and get them fresh. That way not soggy (tempura) or warm (other items).
4	They had a good selection of items going around.  We only paid 30 bucks for two of us and that is really good for sushi.   We will be back for sure.
3	Sushi...fast food style. Basically a step above the sushi at Fry's but good if you want a quick, cheap meal.
5	Always great service an food. Don't forget to order off the menu if you don't see it on the belt
5	My only other experience with convener belt sushi was in London and I loved it so I was really excited to hear that one was opened close to me. My friend and I went on a Saturday night and it was packed. Luckily, we only had to wait a couple of minutes before being seated. All of the plates are color coded so you know how much each item costs. They have a lot of different rolls and goodies that slowly go by. My friend and I just sat there for 5 min. watching them all go by before we decided to make a move. They also have a menu too in case you don't see what you want on the belt or if you want sushi (not rolls). The rolls that I got were delicious. I'm not a raw sushi gal so I can't speak for that. The price is super reasonable too. If you love sushi rolls, check this place out, you won't be disappointed!
4	1st visit here, the food was on all I'd say average. However the price and the rotating belt make this a 4 star. Good value for the price. Visited Friday evening, didn't have to wait more than 5 minutes for a seat. Very clean and prompt service. I'll visit again.
5	What a wonderful time we had.  Very fresh sushi made right in front of you.  The prices are VERY reasonable.  I will be going back.
5	WOW, When I first walked in here, I wanted to turn right around and walk right out! But my causin was with me & wanted to stay!I am not a big fan of buffet's and this was slightly similar, but different, lolAll the food is running on a conveyer belt. For sushi, that does seem weird because I like it cold and FRESH!! That is very important to me.I have been to a place like this in Hawaii but I ordered off them menu at that restaurant.I decided I would try it off the conveyer belt and it was great!!! It was cold, fresh and yummy!! Not to mention the cost was pretty outstanding as well.  You pay for the color of the plate. I think they start at $1.50 or 2.00 and go up to maybe $3.50 or something.I was VERY suprised and excited that the cheesecake was Super!!  It was like New York style cheesecake. Very dense, not jellow cheesecake like most Asian restaurants have.I love this place and I will be back over & over again!!!
1	Ok, if you are a foodie or a "real" sushi fan than this place is not for you. 90% of the rolls here have imitation crab meat in them with mayonnaise. Only 1 or 2 rolls actually had raw fish and they were covered in eel sauce and spicy mayonnaise. Not exactly authentic, but ok. Also the rolls are very tiny, and the plates add up. $25 worth of sushi and I was barely full. For about half that price I could have gotten the same amount at any other sushi place.  If California Rolls impress you then by all means chow down at this place, otherwise there are tons of other good sushi places with a lot more variety for cheaper and higher quality.
4	I like this place because you can sample lots of different types of sushi for a fair price.  Instead of being stuck with 2-3 rolls, I can try as many as I want without being burdened with an over abundance of them. If you like it, grab another plate of it! I admit I'm not a fan of imitation crab and mostly skip over those, but there's plenty of other things to choose from. My favorite roll is the Playboy.  Yum!Ok, it might not be up to the standards of some more upscale sushi restaurants, but it's still good. I'll be going back, absolutely.
4	First of all I got so excited reaching for the conveyor that I knocked over my full iced tea everywhere! Thankfully my boyfriend can move out of harms way fast! The staff was so friendly I couldn't believe it. The sushi is average but I love the fun of watching the conveyor. It's all small portions of 2-4 pieces so you can try it all. And the plates are almost all only $1.50-$4 and minus 50 cents during happy hr. Final lunch bill with one iced tea and one hot tea (and the way Evan can eat)- only $35 before tax and tip
3	Revolving sushi is supposed to be cheap and not the best quality. So i give you a 3 star, i have had better conveyor belt style sushi before. It is nice to have one of these close to where you live. Good for eating on a budget. The prices for drinks here is a little steep. Especially since you are by dessert ridge which has some places to buy adult beverages for cheaper. Suck it up and eat your dinner with out any adult beverage and head across the busy street to dessert ridge.
4	Revolving sushi is such a great concept, you get to try a lot of things for little money. What I like especially about Sushi Station, is that the quality and variety is better than other revolving sushi spots.I also feel that the staff is super kind, thorough and accommodating. Stand outs: Baked Scallop Roll, Imagine Roll, and can we talk about their desserts? They're actually good. OH, and Happy Hour is great! 1.50-2.00 off of their normal alcohol prices. Also, if there's something you don't see on the belt, they have a menu to draw from! Yay win, win. Again, I absolutely love this. You get try as many things as you want, and it's super affordable.I only wish they would expand...and open a spot in the East Valley : )
1	Horrible. Got food poisoning from this place. Way too cheap. Would rather spend $20 on good sushi than $3 on something that looks like it has been on the conveyor belt for 1 or more hours.
4	Last meal in Arizona before I headed back to the OC. Boyfriend wanted to do sushi and found this place that was on the way to the airport. Didn't think they would have good sushi places around here but surprise, surprise here's one! Pretty good selection of sushi and omg they have really good selection of desserts too - cheesecake, tiramisu, oreo mousse cake, chocolate cake - I was wowed by the choices of desserts because usually sushi on conveyor belt usually only have the mochi bread thing that I don't like and some jello thing - but this one had those and more. The sushi wasn't of superior quality - it is a conveyor belt one - they usually aren't but it's not the say that they are not good. As a matter of fact it's pretty decent quality in taste. They have things that I haven't had before either - like a whole lump of crabmeat (they claim is crab meat but it was 2 dollars -- so I don't know haha) mixed with some spicy mayo on a little dish. it was pretty good too. They also have a variety of different rolls - but I got pretty full after have 2 pieces of salmon and mackeral sushi, one salmon skin handroll, the lump of crabmeat and a piece of the spicy tuna roll and a piece of the tiramisu cake. Couldn't try more even if i wanted to.The prices aren't too bad - starts out at $1.50 and the max was like 5 bucks.But I will keep this place noted if there was a need for a quick sushi run the next time I am in Arizona.
4	One of my favorite sushi places in town. The sushi is generally very fresh, and it's generally decent quality. The prices are competitive and the fact that you can eat immediately upon entering is great. The atmosphere is fine and the service speaks better English than many Chinese restaurants, but not better than most sushi joints.
3	The 4* rating can be a little misleading, because this is NOT amazing sushi.  What it is is reasonable priced decent sushi.  I had 5 plates or so and my bill was like $12.  I felt pretty full, but if this was AYCE I probably would have eaten more.  Wish I could make this a 3 1/2 star review, because 4* just seems too high.
4	This place is really cool and a lot of fun. Inside is nice and clean. Hip music playing in the background while you relax and dine. The best part is watching all sorts of tasty items cruising across the conveyor belt right in front of you that one can choose from when something catches your eye. There is also a large menu that you can select from and they will bring it to the table for the same price if you do not want to wait for the belt. They also have Soups, Salads, Appetizers, Teriyaki and Tempura if you do not care for Sushi.Service was very friendly. I was gladly told by my server the skinny on what to do and how to choose based on the colors of the plates. Each colored plate is a different price and you just stack them up to the side for a grand total at the end. I watched the belt as it moved in front of me and I said that one. She helped me grab it and from there I was in command. Nice!Today I had the Dragon Roll with eel sauce, a Crispy Sweet Potato Roll, what they call the Caterpillar, a New Mexico Roll with jalapenos, and one called the Imagine which was huge with some Salmon Roe sprinkled on top. I like some wasabi mixed with a little soy and pickled ginger on the side to give it some kick.This is not what I call North Scottsdale high end sushi but based on the selection of items and the great value on top of the fun of watching that dang belt go by you while you are eating. I give them a thumbs up. Yes even cheese cake and other dessert items are available. Beep beep.Bring the family and kids. Great place to experiment or just have fun while getting filled up with some tasty treats at the same time. Look for coupons in the weekly mailers. I found a 15% off for today. Shazam!
4	I really am a fan of conveyor sushi.Being able to get my raw fish fix and be stuffed in the $20 range just isn't something I can do at a "real" sushi house. And it is nice to have small plates for the ability to have a wider sampling of rolls and nigiri.Seaweed salad, tai (red snapper), tuna, salmon, several rolls, and the deep fried jalapenos (not authentic...but SO yummy!) and an iced green tea. Stuffed for the rest of the day, and didn't break the budget. Gotta love that!I've been to this location a couple of times - my house is just about mid-point between here and Teharu in Chandler - and I'll continue to alternate between the two.Granted, it's not the best sushi around. Fresh, but not the super top notch quality I've been spoiled with. Given the volume, it can't help but be corporate in assembly and have a general cafeteria feel.
4	If you're on a budget and craving sushi, come here. It's not the highest quality, but it will suffice. Fun atmosphere in a large well lit room, I came on Easter Sunday and there were still a good amount of people there. Service was attentive but not overbearing.
5	Sushi: 4/5 stars. It's always tasted fresh, but a lot of rolls are deep fried. I especially like the Phoenix Roll, Rock n Roll, and Volcano Roll.Service: 5/5. I have no complaints. Every time I've gone with my bf, we've never experienced a long wait for a drink refill, or ordering off the menu. Everyone has been pleasant. They have the Belly card and last time I was there, our server offered to take it to the register and swipe it for me.Price: 5/5. It's already very reasonable at $1.50-$4 for a (half) roll, and up to $5 for sashimi or uni sushi, but they also have happy hour where it's 50 cents off a plate. I found coupons in the Clipper (from the mailbox) as well as online.Atmosphere: 4/5. It's a mix between a sushi bar and almost a buffet, but the conveyor belt is unique and a fun change of pace. I wish you could leave 4.5. I'll give it the 5 because for what it is, I can't see room for improvement. There are plenty of other places that are delicious, but drain my wallet! I come here 1-2 times a month, happy to add it to my rotation.
4	I was a bit put off by the idea of a sushi place like this but once I got there and experienced it, I became a fan. So here is the idea, they have a conveyor belt that basically winds through the hole restaurant with different type of pre-made sushi on it. In the middle of this a sushi bar with chefs making fresh sushi and placing in on the belt. You do have the option of ordering specially from the menu or you just pick off what looks good as it comes around. The plates are color coded by how much they cost so that way the server can total up your bill.This place is probably the quickest place to get sushi in the valley. If you go the belt rout don't expect a huge variety but you will get the common stuff and get it quick.
4	So the food quality is three stars when compared to other sushi places, but the conveyor belt is such a novelty and the service is so friendly.  Therefore, four stars.A great place to try variety and to take a sushi newbie.  The prices are also very reasonable.
4	This place is awesome. Right across from Desert Ridge behind a US bank. It was packed! Great atmosphere, and luckily there were two seats at the bar right as we walked in. Service was quick. The sushi was actually incredibly fresh tasting. My favorite thing was the albacore nigiri, which was one of the best nigiris I've had.  It had some additional flavor/spice on the top which I really enjoyed. The salmon nigiri was really fresh too. I especially loved the jalapeno poppers which were crunchy and stuffed with cream cheese/crab mix. Ended the meal with some cream puffs off the conveyor - yum. The oreo mousse cake and cheesecake looked good too, will have to try it next time.Price was really reasonable. And loved that you can get half rolls so you can try so many more. Will definitely have to come back.
5	Fantastic! Everyone got what they wanted, it was cheap and even my 2 year old enjoyed it.
1	Was not impressed my last visit.  Sushi quality has gone downhill or something.. What is normally cold sushi was literally at room temperature. The hot items were literally at room temperature as well.  My stomach did not feel too well for 2 days after my visit here..
4	It's not the best sushi in the world, but it's decent and you can eat until you're full and not spend a small fortune.
1	Wow.... I'm really shocked at the reviews! The atmosphere sucks! The sushi was bland, not fresh at all! The scary part,  the conveyor should be refrigerated, and it wasn't! I travel all over and I have never had such horrible sushi! The only thing good about this place is the price...
5	This place is super fun especially if you have little kids to make having sushi an experience.  My son loves to sit at the countertop area and watch all the different sushi go by then pick what he wants to eat.The good thing too is the fact that the portions are smaller so if you're a kid you can try a varieties of dishes to discover what you like to eat and as the parent, you're not breaking the bank as your kid is embarking on this culinary adventure.My son has a great time here.  He will ask to come here and happily for me, each time he'll pick up his favorites like salmon sushi and California roll but he will also pick out one or two new dishes to try.It's great to come here during happy hour which is when I try to go as both my son and I can get fill up on sushi for around $12 for the two of us.I can't imagine this happening anywhere else.The staff is friendly.  Always with a smile and prompt with service.
5	Love this place!! My friend and I come here every week! We used to go to Ah-So in Norterra, but easily drop $60+ for a sushi dinner and they don't have the best service.At Sushi Station we don't really have to deal with servers other than drinks, and we can eat the second we sit down! Everyone knows you eat with yours eyes first, and I love that you can SEE the food and if it looks good, just grab it off the belt! And if you want something thats not on the belt, you let them know and REAL sushi chefs make it! We can easily eat 5 or 6 different kinds of sushi and have a good meal, for half the price of Ah-So! The sushi is VERY good for the price! Its no Sapporo or Ra, but at $2 or $3 bucks a plate, you really can't beat that anywhere else, even when other places have happy hour!!
4	Outstanding sushi bar. Great sushi and busy.This is a fun place to visit and is great for rookies and pros alike. Seems to always be busy the several times I have gone and I look for that in a sushi place like this (conveyer belt service). Lots of variety and great prices. Staff is friendly and efficient. I can get in and out quick or sit and relax with a friend - no pressure or waiting place on us by the staff. Thanks!
4	I went with my kids and they loved it.  The sushi rolls seemed very good and it's a lot of fun.  Will go again
1	Wow.... I'm really shocked at the reviews! The atmosphere sucks! The sushi was bland, not fresh at all! The scary part,  the conveyor should be refrigerated, and it wasn't! I travel all over and I have never had such horrible sushi! The only thing good about this place is the price...
4	At first I wasn't too sure if I wanted to eat at this place because the thought of sushi working it's way around a room sorta freaked me out but then one day, I decided to do it and I AM SO HAPPY I DID! I love this place and my kids love it even more!!! Beautiful selection of sushi and NOW you can finally sample different sushi at a low cost!! We loved it so much the first time we went again the next day and we will be back!!!!! Try this place, it's fun, easy and delish!
4	Fun and affordable!My husband and I go here almost every weekend.  The sushi is good and prices reasonable!  It's a quick and easy place to dine.  I do wish they had more random selections on the conveyer belt but i guess you can order off th menu too...but that's just not as much fun!
4	If revolving doors are a gateway into a building then revolving sushi bars are the gateway to heaven. This place has plenty to devour off of a conveyor belt and a decent sized menu to accompany said belt o' grub. Saki? Yes. Selection? Yes. Will they call you a cab? Probably, I walked. Good stuff, man. I recommend going in groups. Just do it.
5	I absolutely love this place.  The concept is great!!!  You come in, get seated and then you can already start eating if the right sushi happens to roll by.  Don't see what you like?  Don't worry! Either be happily mesmerized as the sushi rolls by on the conveyor belt until something does, and something will, peak your interest or have your waiter/waitress assist you and grab the sushi you want if it isn't within arms reach. Great variety of sushi, fast and efficient service, and the price is hard to beat!  Everything is reasonably priced.  I love that you can get your classic California or Philly roll as well as try some of the new roll creations made by the sushi chefs.  They play music and you are surrounded by pictures of previous guests that have dined there.  It's a really welcoming experience, even for those shy and new to the sushi scene.I could eat here every day, no problem :-)
4	I was surprised at the quality of sushi! Thanks to yelps reviews I decided to check this place out even though sushi on a conveyor belt doesn't seem like it would taste fresh. I was pleasantly surprised plus the atmosphere is awesome. Great service, fun concept and great food. You can tell they got a good thing going because it gets very busy. Tip: $10 off your bill if its your bday! Alcohol is a little spendy so if you watch your drinks you can put down some serous sushi for a great price. The record is 30 plates!
3	Sushi wasn't bad.  It would have been a lot better if the rolls were offered without Eel sauce.
3	I hate to be such a Debbie downer with my 3 star ratings!  This was my first experience at a revolving sushi bar, which was super fun!  I would highly recommend sitting right next to the conveyor belt if you go in a group because that was the best part of my experience and I was in complete shock how cheap our bill was when we were doneThe sushi was, mehh.  There was only 1 roll that we pulled that I thought was great, but everything else was just ok (and we tried ALOT)...Lots of imitation crab which is probably how they keep the prices so low.  I'd go again, I suppose, if someone else wanted to but only after recommending another place first.  All in all if you were looking for a review to convince you to go, you should go because it was fun and as you can see other people really like this place based on the reviews below.
5	Awesome food and friendly staff.  You can not beat the price and you get to try so many different types of Sushi.  I like that you get to sit down and start eating right away.
4	Properly priced and great food.  I can eat there for less than 20 bucks and leave full and happy.  Great job, and the belt full of sushi is fun to watch and anticipate what item will come next!!!
4	No matter how long I can stand not eating fish (95% vegetarian), I always break down  and run to the nearest sushi bar when I start to feel my omega 3 levels depleting. Trying this place was more of a budget choice when my 15-year old brother announced he wanted sushi for his birthday lunch. So we gathered my Russian family and ventured out to the Sushi Station. I didn't set my expectations terribly high and I was pleasantly surprised. For these prices ($1.50-$5 and even less during happy hour), you can't really complain that most of the rolls contain the cheap crab filling. I tended to avoid the crab and the heavy mayo rolls.I tried every kind of sushi (two piece, fresh fish) pieces they had  on the conveyor: tuna, salmon, seared ahi, yellow tail. I also had of their Hawaiian rolls (tuna inside and out with a spicy mayo-based sauce) and the seaweed salad. You guys, IT WAS GOOD. No, it was not beach-front-ocean-access level good... nor was it $50-a-person level good. It was just simple (uhh and CHEAP). Making my younger brothers try octopus was also a treat.You'll see things rollin' past you on the conveyor belt that seem odd (jello? fruit drinks?), but when you look around and see little kids ecstatically prancing about, praising the child heavens for letting them assemble (and color code) their own meals, you kind of start to get it. This is family friendly and the service was not lacking. Our server was really attentive and our drinks were never empty. Everyone had stacks of plates. We didn't hold back. My family grabbed roll after roll, tried every kind of fresh sushi. There are also little cakes on the conveyor that didn't go unnoticed. After all was said and done, the bill was about $100 for 6. Six people who left stuffed. And no one got sick. Weeee!
4	The price is right and the quality is pretty good.  The fish is pretty fresh and decent sized cuts are available.  If you get the sushi itch a few times a month, this is a great way to get your fix and not break the bank.  Sure other places may taste a little bit better, but they also charge 2-3X the price.  This is a good place and I hope they do well and open more locations.
4	What could be better than watching your sushi choices drift by on a conveyor belt in parade fashion while on a quick or leisurely lunch?  This is a great place to literally get in and out during lunch in less than 20 minutes, and still have decent sushi at a very reasonable price.  I have a few favorite sushi haunts in town that I like much more, but I find myself coming here more and more because the food is so reasonably priced it just makes for a quick and easy lunch.  Here's a trick I have learned...  The menu prices are the same as the prices for the pre-made sushi, and they come out very quickly.  Try browsing the menu for a few items you like, and just order them off the menu.  For instance, I like their Hawaii Roll, but they top it with eel sauce, and I try to stay away from the carbs.  The solution?  I just order the roll off the menu and ask for no sauce.  It is the same price, but fresh and the way I like it.Parking can be tough here sometimes, and don't try to park in the short term parking in front of one of the other buildings because you will get cited.  Try parking over towards US Bank and walking about 100 yards or so, it's much easier.Oh, the reason for the 4 stars?  The service is still a bit inconsistent, and they occasionally bring me something other than what I ordered...  lol   I suppose that because the check is often small they can't attract too much of the top talent to work there.  They are mostly nice though, and some are very good.  I find myself leaving $3 as a minimum tip, even though I am often out of there for $10-$12.  Enjoy!
3	I had to knock them down a star. I came in here for lunch.. and in the midst of all the crab-meat rolls I decided to order off their menu. I grabbed a 2pc salmon sushi and seaweed salad off the conveyor and ordered:-Eel handroll $3-Mackerel sushi 2pc ($1.50) x2 -Albacore ($2) THIS is where it gets weird. My server brought it out.. but it was on the $3 dollar plate. I showed her that it was $2 on the menu. SHE TELLS ME THAT YEAH, THEY HAVE SOME TYPOS ON THEIR MENU.. Like "munchrooms" instead of mushrooms or whatever. I told her the price is not in the same category of 'typos'.. especially as other items were clearly marked when their price changed.  I sent it back out of principal.. but she came back and asked if I had 'touched' the sushi.. I told her no... so someone else got that 2pc. Weeeee!Sorry, but.... you can't just tell me you decided to change prices and expect me not to care. If there's a discrepancy you should honor your menu (especially since it was a $1). This just shows their lack of customer service, but I'll probably still be back because it's dirt cheap and I'll lower my standards for a good piece of fish.
3	I was here recently for lunch, and was disappointed by the quality of the sushi, the selection of the sushi, and the service.I love nigiri sushi, and the revolving sushi was 90% rolls, with a few spare salmon / tuna / red snapper plates rotating around.  The taste of the sushi was just ok, nothing special.If you know your sushi places, you know that Japanese do the best sushi, followed by Koreans, and then much further by Chinese.  Well the chefs there were Chinese, and they do make a valiant attempt to make sushi, but it's not the quality I'm used to at Japanese or Korean places.The service was also disappointing.  We were only allowed to ask for things from our server.  We tried asking two other waitresses for things like water, order additional items, and they pretty much shrugged and told us to wait for our waitress... wth?Overall, you could do much better elsewhere.  My favorite revolving sushi place is Kiku Sushi in town.
3	Good place to hit up if you want somewhere  cheap and fast. The sushi is okay. I think the whole idea is a fantastic one where you can literally watch your food come to you on the conveyor belt. I would imagine this would be a great place to bring kids to because it is a high energy place and fun to be in. I prefer my sushi rolls somewhere else, but would definitely come back if a friend wanted to go here.
5	A friend of mine recommended this place to me about a month and a half ago. I went one night with a few of my friends and FELL IN LOVE. Being a college student means cheapness talks, and this place certainly talks. Most of my favorite rolls are on the light blue 2 dollar plates, meaning I'm able to eat like a king for less than It would be to grab a burger and fries. The sushi itself is pretty Good. Nothing amazing, but I've never had something I didn't like. Service can sometimes be confusing because there a quite a few servers with some "language barriers" but nothing that's insurmountable. To be able to get enough sushi to make me stuffed, for less than 20 bucks, and have pretty adequate service means this place has become a go to stop. One last thing, my friend and I showed up a few days ago about 20 minutes before they closed, and because of the ability to sit down and grab whatever I want to eat off the belt, we were in and out in 25 minutes.
4	Sushi is not the best but wow can I eat a lot for a little. I like that you can have so many different types in one meal unlike other sushi restaurants where you have to order a whole roll. Truth is it is great sushi for the price and I keep coming back.
4	Terrific restaurant for a traveler. Good food, priced reasonably and very convenient.
5	Great sushi at a reasonable price. Service was great and the sushi fresh. They have a menu of their sushi so if you don't see what you want going around on the conveyor belt the server will gladly order it for you. I will be back.
4	It's always fun snagging that last plate of a selected dish when someone wanted it down the way.
5	This is a really great place to try new things, see something interesting? Grab it off the conveyor belt and give it a shot.The prices are good, and I am really fond of the way I can sit down and get started pretty much right away without having to wait 10 minutes before my order is taken, then another 15-20 to have it brought, you just place a drink order and grab and go.And if there is something you don't see on the belt, just ask for it, the service for special orders is surprisingly fast.I really with they had a more extended happy hour on the sushi, but I can't really blame them, the prices are already pretty good. I can eat here for less than most other sushi places, and I can get in and out the door in 20 minutes easily, even with the kids in tow.Highly Recommended.
4	The sushi is always good every time we come here.   I love the seared tuna and albacore! The service is good for the most part.  Gave it 4 stars because the hostess that was working today was kind of rude. Other than that.. I'll definitely be back!
4	I was going to give this place three stars because the sushi is ok, but not great. However, I'm just a sucker for the conveyor belt. They do a really good job of keeping it stocked with all of the favorites.  The only thing I don't like is all the dessert options that come by. Nothing against dessert but jello?  OK sushi, fun atmosphere, terrific place to bring your kids and the service is excellent.
2	I know I'm in the minority here but I just didn't get it. The sushi was not bad but it was nothing to write home about. I didn't think the conveyer added anything to the experience. But I can see coming here if I worked nearby and had a sushi itch but not a lot of time for lunch.If I could I'd go 2.5 stars but not quite a 3 for me. Not bad enough to say avoid at all costs. But just not somewhere I'd go back to except with friends if they wanted to go.
2	I wanted to like this place, I really did. Revolving sushi bar where you take plates of what you want and they add them up when you pay your bill? Sounds like great fun. Except that it wasn't. In order to pull off this sort of thing you need good sushi. I don't think I had one plate that I actually liked. Most of it was almost lukewarm and it definitely didn't taste fresh. Heavy sauces, iffy fish, the works. Yes, it was inexpensive, but it didn't sit well. The place was also too casual for sushi and too loud for a conversation. We were up near the prep station at the bar, but I would hate to be in the back of the restaurant getting the sushi no one closer to the front wanted. Sure, we ate till we were full and the bill was only $30 but I didn't enjoy it. I'd have rather paid a bit more for better sushi and eaten less of it.
4	I've been here a handful of times, and it's become my safety sushi spot. It's always filled with people, but I've never waited to be seated. Everything tastes good, most items are $2 a plate, and there's a lot of interesting rolls. In short, it's good sushi at reasonable prices with fast service. Compared to Teharu Sushi (another revolving sushi joint), this place has more variety...albeit you'll feel it ever so slightly in your wallet. Expect to pay about $20 after tip with no alcohol, but you'll be full and satisfied. I would eat here again.
4	So first things first - It's a revolving sushi bar and the sushi rolls are anywhere from $1.50 to $5.00 a roll. The rolls aren't anything super fancy and most of them include some form of krab mix, something deep fried and or a creamy sauce. It's not a high end Nobu joint where you are getting really beautiful, fresh cuts of fish.... But frankly if you are craving sushi and don't want to break the bank I would totally recommend Sushi Station. Also, If eating food off of a revolving sushi belt isn't your thing, you can order your sushi fresh from their menu.
5	This place is dangerous! So good, and addicting. I especially like that they incorporate southwestern flavors in some of their plates.
5	Great, casual, cheap sushi!I also like that they have plenty of "cooked" sushi options for my mother, who is still terrified of eating raw fish.
5	This sushi bar is delicious !!
5	I love revolving belt sushi bars. Gotta be careful though. You never know how long that sushi has been rolling around that belt. This place is fresh every time I go. They have a wonderful selection as well!
5	I love the new buffet concept. By having sushi rolling by your table on a conveyer  belt it makes it almost a game. The fish was fresh and delicious! If you love sushi I highly reccomend checking out this place!
4	Don't come here if you want expensive amazing sushi, but I'm not that picky to start with.It's good if you want the basic rolls like rainbow/cali/dragon which are all among my favorites any ways ;3 I love the fact you can get a variety of sushi  for about the same price I spend on one or two rolls I can get a taste of about four or five rolls.
4	Fresh sushi, easy & right amount of rice, servers are friendly & efficiently. Enjoy our lunch! Happy hour is our next plan !
5	For a CASUAL Sushi meal, Can't be beat!! Other than waiting for something you saw to come back, the convertor belt concept is great!And you can't beat the price anywhere!!!! I will stop by again.
5	I love this place! The conveyor belt sushi is fun and food is good.  I recommend the hot green tea for beverage, and the Jalapeno Poppers. The poppers are my fave and a hot commodity so grab them if you see them. I do not recommend coming in 45mins to closing. It won't be fresh. Come in right before peak dinner times and the choices are better.
4	This place is a really good value for the money...They have a lot of options. So if you're looking for decent sushi at a reasonable price then this is the place for you.  However if you're looking for really high-quality sushi and special rolls... Then you're better off at other restaurants.If you go at the happy hour time... Then you can get the plates even cheaper and it's it even a better value. I have eaten here two times now and very happy with the the food and choices.Great sushi at a great price
4	Love this place! Quick, friendly service and good prices. It's fun to eat conveyer belt style!
5	My favorite sushi restaurant. The prices can't be beat (especially during happy hour), the sushi is always amazing, there is a great selection, it's fast, and we always leave full and happy. If there's a roll you want to try that's not on the conveyer belt, you can request it. Also I used to spend $40+ on sushi at other places, but I spend about $10-15 here. Because they're half rolls it's much cheaper and you can try more varieties. Just awesome, seriously.
4	Great food. Great prices. Loved the New Mexico roll the most. Actually has good desert too unexpected for sushi place to me but chocolate mousse was great
5	Great spot for a quick lunch!!! I went in and ordered my meal and it took less than 5 minutes!!! So delicious for its price and the workers are so nice! I stuck with the simple rolls today - California roll, tuna and avocado, and tuna and cream cheese! They come four pieces to an order but each order is only like $1.50 or $2.00! I will definitely be a regular on work days!!!!
4	Good place to bring my kids who love cooked sushi, but my fiance n I will prob stick to sushi style. Thats amazing raw sushi. But this place is very quick
5	The best!!!  If only the booths were bigger to accommodate my huge family...  good sushi good pricing.  If its not on the belt just order it!!!!
5	This place is great! We come here all the time. For the price, the sushi is great and you have a good selection. Sure, you aren't going to get extremely expensive, top of the line sushi here, like some others writing reviews think they are apparently getting for $1.00 to $5.00 a plate, but you get a great selection for what you pay for. I would recommend this place to anyone. We recommend the po boy roll and the rock and roll roll on the menu if you order off of there.
5	This is a really fun place for some fast sushi. The food tastes great and server was very nice.
3	Revolving sushi bar?! This is highly dangerous for self-proclaimed sushi addicts, like myself. The concept is genius! You sit down, wherever you want, an as sushi goes around on a conveyer belt, you pull what you would like to try. You pay by the plate and the plates are organized by color. So before you even pick it up off the conveyer belt, you know how much it will cost you. At the end, they stack up your plates and bring you your bill!   I'm going to break it down to the good and the bad. The good: if you're in a rush... You can literally sit down and just go to town, there isn't much of that waitress lag, so if you work at desert ridge, this is a smart stop for a lunch break. They have a decent variety of rolls and sashimi that goes around the conveyer belt, even desserts, salads and drinks. The waitresses were attentive and made sure to refill our waters without us asking. The bad: the baked rolls revolving around weren't very fresh tasting and kind of soggy. My boyfriend explained two ways to avoid this: 1. Go during the dinner rush since things are selected more quickly. 2. Pick the boxes with condensation on the inside of the lids, they seem fresher.I guess the third way would be to order directly off the menu, but that seems a little less fun. This place does need to be updated, decor wise. It's got modern style paint with strange paintings of waterfalls, and flowers.... And Disney characters? What? And another thing, wipe down your tables. They're gross looking. I'll still be back, but probably during a busier time, just so I know the food is a little fresher.
5	I love the concept of this place. Trays of sushi revolving around you, if you see it amd it looks good you cam just grab it and dig in. They have a good variety of sushi as well as a full menu you can order from. Each plate of sushi comes withe 2-5 pieces on it and depending on the roll ranges from 2 dollars to 6 dollars and are distinguishes by the color plate they come on. They take 50 cents off each plate during happy hour, which is nice because depending on how many people you have in your group it will save you a few bucks. It is also a great place to grab sushi if you're in a hurry, maybe on a lunch break from work. You are able to sit at the bar and help yourself to the sushi of your likeing without having to wait on your order being taken. This is also a great place to take kids or new sushi eaters. The concept will give them an imexpencive way try many different sushi rolls without breaking the bank. And for those of you that love sake bombers like i do, they are very resonably priced amd have a pretty good variety of beers to chooae from. This is a place i plan on visiting again soon and that i would definatly recomend to someone who has yet to tey sushi and to all you sushi lovers out there.
5	Make sure you go during happy hour! Plates range from $1.25-$4. Extremely budget friendly, &you'll be leaving with a happy tummy!
5	My husband and I really enjoy the experience.  The sushi is really good for the money.  Just as good as going to an expensive sushi restaurant for less money.
3	First rated when I was new to Yelp. Four stars is now only reserved for places that I deem deserve them. All comments previously posted are still valid, it's just my star ratings have now been adjusted.
5	So this place is way more affordable than Ra or Nori and you can pick and choose what you want without having to read menu descriptions.Service is great and if you eat a lot you get a picture on the wall. Coming here with a group is a pretty good idea because everyone can judge everyone based on how many sushi plates they grab.
4	This is a fun place to get your sushi fix. The sushi is good and inexpensive.  There is really no need for a menu, as you just have to choose what you like from the endless parade of food on the conveyor belt setup. The color of the plate indicates the price of the dish, which makes it easy to tally the final cost. I found the staff to be friendly and although it is a popular place, I have not experienced any significant wait even at peak hours, probably because there's lots of seating and because there is no lag between getting seated and getting food.
4	Best revolving sushi in town compared to the one by Arrowhead and Teharu in Tempe. Reasonable prices. Quality and taste is better. Grand Canyon, Hawaiian and Spicy Tuna are the favorites. Flat screen TVs with sports games are available.
3	Great and very cheap! But sometimes I worry about food poisoning...
5	This is the greatest thing EVER!  We came in here starving and u get to immediately eat with the conveyer belt..oh happy happy joy joy!!
2	You know, I had great expectations based on the reviews, but I'm sad to say I was hugely disappointed and will not be returning. The sushi just was not that great. The selection wasn't that great, seemed kind of dry, prices weren't that great either. I've had my fair share of great sushi being born and raised in Alaska but this doesn't hold a candle to any of it. We left hungry and disappointed. They overload their sushi with mayo or cream cheese. If ever in the area id choose Nori any day! Maybe it was just a bad day but I will not be returning.
5	Absolutely loved this place! Super affordable and awesome variety! We took our two little ones who are 7 and 4.  They loved the tempura sushi and also the fruit and potstickers! The conveyer belt is such a cute idea! It was such an enjoyable experience! The food was really fresh! There wasn't a dish I tried that I didn't like! We definitely will be visiting again and hopefully soon! We went on a Saturday night and it was packed which is probably why the food was super fresh. My favorite is salmon and there were so many salmon dishes to choose from! I definitely recommend this place!
3	Great casual atmosphere in the Desert Ridge area. First thing you notice when you walk in is the lively Asian decor and the friendly staff who immediately greets you at the door. The seats are all conveniently located next to the conveyer sushi and make for easy access. The quality of the sushi is surprisingly very good for the price range. The Hawaii Roll was a personal favorite, was fried on outside and filled with juicy tasty bits of tuna and finished with a so called "eel sauce". I am assuming it had some eel essence it in!  Some innovative sushi dishes including some states and famous cities with a twist of spice; the New Mexico Roll, The Arizona Roll and the Las Vegas Roll. I was impressed with the Vegas Roll in particular it wasn't as heavy bodied and deep fried as the usual fare, the cream cheese had a nice finish to it and wasn't to overbearing. If you want a no frills fun sushi place without breaking your wallet look no further than Sushi Station. =)
4	So this is not the best sushi but it is a fun concept. Our family enjoys going for happy hour for discounted rolls. The kids love it, eat their food and we get to select what we each want. I sit and watch the sushi chefs constantly make rolls and put them out. They must have some kind of a system to take stuff off the conveyor belt and put it back in the refrigerator (like desserts, fruit) to keep it chilled and semi-fresh. We haven't had anything that wasn't good. The quality is above buffet and supermarket sushi but not up there with a regular sushi restaurant. Now you CAN order stuff made to order but we haven't just because we come for the experience of the conveyor belt. Great for a quick bite since you can sit down and practically start eating. Enjoy!
5	Love this place!!!  Excellent service even when swamped!  Food ready & fresh on revolving server. :)
5	I loooovvee this place. Its so nice and its cheap, but the best part its that the sushi is good! Everyone is always friendly and its a great hangout spot
2	This place has good food but horrible customer service. They used to be wonderful and it was such a treat when I would drive thirty minutes just to eat here. I probably pass 25 sushi places just to get here and it was always worth it but the past couple times it has gone downhill.
5	the best forget the rest.
4	Revolving sushi belt is awesome! Makes picking and choosing super easy. It's cool how's it's color coordinated so you know how much each one and if you like getting a lot of samples instead of entire rolls it's perfect. Definitely reasonably priced as well compared to other near by sushi places.
4	I enjoy some of the rolls that are on the conveyor.  In theory this is a genius idea and normally during the busy times it is fresh and they are constantly swapping  items in and out.  Some rolls I will order directly off the menu though things like handrolls.  Service is ok Overall for the value and the fun of the conveyor it's not a bad little joint.  Give them a try
4	"You spin me right round, babyRight round like a record, babyRight round, round, round"OK, so it's another sushi conveyor belt. Then again, maybe not. I must say I found this Manchurian Merry Go Round of raw sea creatures a refreshing smorgasbord of generous proportions of high quality food unlike many of its competitors. I will visit again.
3	This place is decent, we usually have to wait 3-5 minutes to get seated but they are really good at acomidating where you want to sit.  It's not the best sushi but then again it's a revolving sushi bar meaning its probably not the freshest. It's a good spot if you want sushi fast because you just grab whatever you want as it passes. They have Good prices and friendly service.
5	My favorite place to go to honestly. I go at least once a week. It is amazing quality for super cheap. And we all know that sushi is usually a little over priced. The staff is friendly and always there to help you out
4	This is another conveyer belt restaurant.  But there are not a lot of them in Phoenix, so that is just fine.  The rolls are surprisingly good.  They have enough people making such, which is important because this place is very busy.  The price very reasonable.  The wait staff could use some improvement, in that they do not turn the tables fast enough.  Because of the volume at this restaurant, this can be annoying.  Overall, however, this is a place we frequent often!
1	This was the worst sushi I have ever eaten. My family and I left hungry because it was so gross and we were afraid we were going to get sick. They told me they make everything in the morning and just let it go around all day unrefrigerated. I wouldn't even give them a star if I could. We eat sushi 3 days a week. Supermarket sushi is 100% better . Don't waste your money. Go to the supermarket instead. Kimberlee
5	Great experience and so much fun. I loved getting to see everything I wanted to order. The round colorful plates made it easy to pick out what I wanted. I love that a sushi roll I wanted but didn't see was easy to request from the chefs. Great place for ladies not outs and great variety of sushi.
5	Great section of sushi and friendly service. The plates are fairly priced as well. I will go out of my way to satisfy my sushi craving and return to the Sushi Station. I recommend the Dragon Roll. Did I mention it's a revolving sushi bar and the quality is amazing
4	Not the freshest sushi I've ever tasted, but very creative rolls and I left very pleased with my meal.  Finally, a conveyer belt sushi joint in North PHX/Scottsdale!!!  I'll be back way too often.Service = 5*Atmosphere/Ambiance = 4*Food/Taste = 4*Overall Experience = 4*
5	This place is amazing. It's usually quite busy but worth the wait. The concept is great, a conveyor belt loaded with different kinds of sushi rolls, salads and deserts. The way it works is all items are placed on colored plates. Each color represents the price associated with that particular plate, so you know the exact cost of what you're getting. The prices are very reasonable and you are able to try different kinds of items without breaking the bank. This is now my "go to" sushi place.
4	Not the best sushi you'll ever have but good and super fun! We love coming here and trying a ton of different rolls. The conveyer belt makes for a fun and different experience. All rolls are made fresh as you can see the sushi chefs making them. The best part is its super cheap. Always shocked when we get the bill at how cheap it is.
4	This was the first time I ever had sushi and I loved it! The staff was excellent, and everything I ate was good! If I had to pick a favorite I would say the Hawaiian roll buy honestly everything was good!
4	We have been here many times. The revolving bar is always a treat. For the price, the sushi is pretty good. Don't order the sashimi. It is more expensive for very little quantity. Stick with the revolving bar.
3	This is my favorite revolving sushi place to date, but the last visit seemed like the freshness wasn't there as much.  My daughter loves watching the food pass by and getting items for me, so the enterainment factor is pretty high for her. :-)
5	Great place to stop in and grab lunch! Food is always fresh and the selection..well they've got a lot to choose from. :-)
4	What a fun place. The sushi is way better than what I expected and it is really inexpensive..I will be back for sure..
5	First thing I noticed when I walked in was the conveyer belt! Looked so fun. I immediately was greeted with a friendly smile didn't even wait 5 minutes to get seated and for my waiter to get my drink order, she was awesome very nice and friendly. As soon as she left I went straight to picking. The sushi is AWESOME!!!! Had 4 plates off the conveyer belt and then ordered a rainbow sushi. Some that I ate from the conveyer belt were a little more on the warm side the one that was actually made from the sushi chef was colder bt price does even it out overall I loved it!! The environment, customer service, and food was the best I highly recommend coming here it's affordable and satisfies your sushi craving. I will be back for more!
4	Revolving sushi with different priced plates. Happy hour I believe is 3-5 pm mon-thurs Super quick & friendly service and they will make pretty much anything they can, just ask! Rolls tend to be on the smaller side than usual rolls other places, but honestly it tastes better than pretty much any other sushi place we have tried in Phoenix and we have tried a lot of them! It isn't California sushi, but for Phoenix, it is surprisingly one of the better ones and the only one we come back to time and again.
4	I find the concept behind this place super fun. You sit there and pick your food off of a conveyer belt and pay at the end for whatever you ate according to a color coded plate system. Fun for groups and also makes you eat slower because you most likely have to wait for something awesome to come back to you. I have been to this place a couple of times now and every time they have been nice and accomodating. We even kind of demanded to sit in an area they had closed off that day since we went with a car seat and needed more room, and the manager let us sit where we wanted, that was very nice. So concept is nice, they are family friendly, food is good and here comes my reason for only 4 starts and I have to admit that the thought of sushi that keeps going around a giant room on a belt all day kind of turns me off. I mean do they have their eyes on the sushi and know which items have been dancing around for hours? I don't know and see, I cannot stop thinking about the fact that I may end up eating something not so fresh or something maybe someone else has touched before me. Luckily,  that hasn't happend ever/yet (don't know about the touching), so far it's more my head that has been messing with me. Alternatively, you can order from a menu which would solve the problem but then the fun factor would be gone. I guess the saying "no risk no fun" applies to this place!
5	The Experience:  5 Stars PlusThis place is just awesome. Went my first time today and sat at the conveyor belt and just had a blast. It is a really fun, different experience seeing things go by and plucking them off the belt to try. The cool thing is that each plate is roughly in the $3-5 range and has 3-5 pieces of that particular roll so you can try new things without having to get an 8-piece roll like a lot of other places to find out $10-15 later that you actually don't like that roll at all. My waitress was awesome too...friendly, great disposition and made sure that I had my soda refills and anything else I needed. The Food:  4 StarsSurprisingly good. I say that because I expected it to be just OK given the whole conveyor belt scenario, etc. but I thought the food quality was great. I wouldn't call it "premium" sushi...but it's just a notch below. I know a lot of people in Phx/Scottdale think Sushi Brokers is great sushi but the sushi here is much better. More variety, better taste, cost is much better and drastically superior service.
3	I've eaten here 2 times with a few friends. The sashimi is quite good and fresh, no smelly fish here! They have a cool conveyor belt that runs all around the sushi bar. There are plenty of seating at the bar too! And also dining tables that you can order the sushi from. Most of the sushi is done very well, and very tasty. Your bill can go up really quick though, since it is charged by the plate, the plate color to be exact! And from what I've eaten, most of the good stuff are the higher priced plates. My friend ate $25 all by himself! So if you're hungry and come here, watch those plates stack up. The rice does help fill you up really good though. But all in all, this is a great sushi place I would definitely come back to.
4	I've tried my fair share of conveyer belt sushi restaurants in Oregon, Hawaii, California and Arizona.  My simple conclusion.... This is the best one I've ever been to!  Normally I want to try every 4th or 5th item that rolls around due to personal preference or based on quality of the roll.  I wanted to try them all!!! The quality was excellent, the Tatum was my favorite and I will be back.My only reason for not giving 5 stars was because I was sitting near the back where the waiters were cleaning the menus with 409 spray. Kuddos for cleanliness but the overwhelming bleach smell made me want to vomit and killed my appetite, next time I'll ask to be seated somewhere else.
4	Of all the restaurants I frequent for my sushi fix, I'd have to say Sushi Station is one of my favorites. I love the ambiance, and the chatter of happy people everywhere. If you haven't eaten here before, note that they charge you via a plate color system (white plates costing $1.25, blue $2.75, purple 3.25, yellow 4.25, and black 5.25), so it is easy to accumulate a larger bill than you might think. On average, I spend about $25 each time I go, though I have a large appetite. That aside, the sushi is always fresh, and the variety is fantastic! Definitely consider giving them a shot, even if you have to drive a bit to get there (I personally live 30 minutes away, but it's worth it!)
2	Not my style at all.  Most of the sushi was below average and wasn't that fresh.  I guess I'm a food snob, but I will get fresh rolled sushi where I know its fresh.
