1	BUYER BEWARE! I went to this florist instead of a big-internet florist for a birthday gift last week.  I looked for someone who was close to where I wanted them delivered and looked at the website prior to investing time, looking at the possibilities of flower arrangements for our Mother.  Sun City  Florists state they are family run and "Because all of our customers are important, our professional staff is dedicated to making your experience a pleasant one. That is why we always go the extra mile to make your floral gift perfect".  Right.I felt they would honor  what is stated on the website to deliver a nice arrangement of flowers for a birthday gift.  I ordered a $43.00 arrangement and paid and a $14.00 delivery fee for a total of $57.00.When we got a call thanking us, mom made note of the arrangement, and she started describing it to me- She told us about the arrangement noting flower types in the arrangement I would NEVER have ordered!  When it didn't sound like the right kind of flowers (big, light-pink carnations which was most of the arrangement) had been sent, we asked her to send us a photograph. There were about  1/2 the amount of flowers that they actually used in the arrangement compared to the photograph online and it was so sloppy looking, I couldn't believe it.  I was horrified that was what they actually sent and couldn't believe they had the gall to charge us $43.00! This arrangement looked like something you could buy at a Safeway store for $9.99.  An ugly arrangement with big, light- pink carnations.When I called them to tell them how unhappy I was they told me that the time-frame for a guarantee was up.  I ordered these flowers on the 19th and they were delivered on the 20th of Oct.  That's less than a week ago and really beside the point. I told them I had photographs to show them how ridiculously off this arrangement was and they stated they had no email for me to send them the photos.  As a small high-end business owner in San Diego I would never treat our clients this Way!!!!!!  Of course the owner wasn't there and hasn't bothered to return a call. If this happened in my business and someone was as unhappy as we are, I would make sure to make it right somehow- I would have rather thrown my money out the window then have Sun City Forists send an ugly, sloppy, cheap looking arrangement to my mother.Shame on them.  They made sure to tell me on the phone they have a good reputation -I don't know how if this is how they treat customers and overcharge for crap at the same time. NEVER AGAIN.
1	Avoid this place!!! They have terrible service,and flowers are always dead.
5	ASK FOR SUE!!!!    I have to say that I received top notch customer service today!! As in the "Buyer Beware" review I also received an arrangement for mothers day that I was a bit unhappy with. They told me they would gladly exchange it. So I went right back in to pick up the new one they made. The new one they made also did not meat my expectations!  I was feeling like a diva because Im usually not so hard to please. Sue their top designer came out and asked me what I liked for flowers so I told her. When she came out with the new arrangement I almost burst into tears. IT WAS BEAUTIFUL!!! I was blown away. She also helped me to my car. She then informed me that she was designer of the year in Maricopa County! She informed me that if I call and ask for her she will get it right every time. I am a customer for life! Sue is my girl! Thank you so much Sun City Florist! You MADE my mothers day!!!!!
1	Terrible!!!Please avoid.
5	Janice and her team created the most beautiful flowers sprays and arrangements for our brother's memorial.  With only 3 days advanced notice, the flowers were at the church on time, beautiful and awe inspiring.  Thank you for the comfort you gave us in our time of need.  Mom LOVED the flowers!
5	Last minute call handled with humor and great service!  They put a beautiful arrangement together for me!  I have used them for years for that very reason!
5	Sun City florist did a great job on an arrangement for my sister. Due to a glitch in the online universe, the order didn't go through quite on time. But they were courteous enough to call and make me aware of the situation. They even made it right by putting extra love and attention into my special delivery. Thanks Sun City florist for helping me spread the joy ;)
1	Would never use this flower shop again. They are extremely unethical and are attacking other businesses to try and make themselves look better. Flowers are horrible and always dead, service is horrible and employees always seem like they are drunk. Please avoid at all costs. Go anywhere but here. Worst flower shop I have ever encountered!!!
1	Not a happy customer!! Placed an order via internet on Fri 5/9 for a specific arrangement to be delivered to my Mother in law on sat 5/10. She received her flowers on Mon 5/12 and no way close to what I ordered.  Two days late and the wrong flowers, called talked with Janice, never an apology or explanation!  She made a new arrangement( still not the right one) and delivered them today and took back the other flowers. Who does this?? Your company's mess up! Future reference If you don't deliver on TIME and the WRONG flowers do something to make the customer feel a little better at least leave the flowers you delivered in error! UNPROFESSIONAL!
2	I'll go straight price is not acceptable vs. the services!
5	I received a bouquet for my birthday on 9/23/14 and the flowers are beautiful today on the 29th.  Their flowers are the best and last the longest.  I love this store.
5	Ordered flowers for my grandma's 102 birthday.  It was certainly a special occasion and they did a wonderful job.  The flowers looked fantastic and the folks at Sun City were very friendly.
