5	Northern Food, served at its best, the host is gracious and likes to take special care of his guests. Hidden on Rue Dante, not much to see, a simple decor, but the food just wows. The menu changes according to seasons and the availability of the market, so the menu is on a blackboard, as are the wines, almost all offered by the glass also at reasonable prices. From the eggplant appetizer, fennel and orange salad,  the mains, rabbit and polenta, homemade pasta and shrimp that we enjoyed, everything was scrumptious. The last piece de resistance for me was their panacotta, oh yum! They had cannoli too, flavored of expresso. What a delight, ending the meal on a high note with limoncello, everything seemed beautiful.
5	Scrolling through reviews, and can't decide where to eat? STOP. Your search is over.I had dinner at this place in early May and have been thinking about it for the last 3 months so figured if it made that kind of impression on me, I should share the experience. In one word, Incredible.I was in town from Virginia, but grew up in Montreal, and this place is exactly what makes me homesick. Others on here have delved into specific food item reviews, and I agree, especially regarding the gnocci. But what really makes this place a treat is the overall experience. It's just a pleasure to dine in a restaurant where the staff, from owner down, obviously care about what they place in front of you and enjoy what they are doing. They take the time to make you feel welcome, feed you well prepared fresh foods  from the local marche, have a solid wine list, and service is genuinely pleasant and professional. A nice change from the mass produced food and obviously forced smiles found elsewhere.So far I've had friends from 3 states travel to Montreal and make a point of seeking out this diamond in the rough and none have been disappointed. 47 states to go.
5	We came back to visit Montreal in large part because the food experience is so high quality. Within this city setting, Cafe Via Dante is a jewel. The generational evolution from corner-coffee/community-center to fine dining is authentic - as is the prosciutto slicer on display. The knowledgeable staff lets fresh and artisinal ingredients speak for themselves. Sure, there are fancier decors and chandeliers to be had elsewhere, but it would be hard to find a more delicious and delightful dinner experience.
