2	Overall, a confusing and over-priced experience.Craving some sushi on a Saturday evening so decided to try this place with a friend of mine.Despite an empty dining room with big chairs that took two hands to maneuver getting into and out of - we were seated next to a six-top of American girls. I've got nothing against American girls but when they are all singing along to Whitney Houston's 'I Will Always Love You' that's playing over the restaurant's sound system...It took four trips from our server to figure out how to order. Buffet? Kitchen menu? Buffet Kitchen menu? I've done the whole thing where you mark your sushi choices on a menu sheet with a pencil but this was more complicated by '2 pieces allowed here, 3 pieces allowed here, you want another sheet for two buffets?'. Wha?So finally I said to her quietly, 'We want to order some sushi and sashimi, can we just do that? Would that be ok?'. She brought back another menu.Do I need to go into how the food was or have you already moved on to another idea for where to go for sushi?Oh ok. The food - meh. Yep, that's white tuna sashimi and that's a kamikaze roll and those are scallops on skewers with sauce and sesame seeds.  $90 for the two of us to eat just enough + small bottle unfiltered cold sake.Our server with the Mickey Mouse necklace was really patient thus I give her two stars. Thanks friendly lady.
4	Guys, it's not rocket science.  This is the first time my wife and I have been to a sushi buffet where it's a made-to-order type of buffet.  Of course we had some initial questions but the waiter only explained it once and it was quite simple from that point on.  Part of two?  That means your table can order 6 pieces of this 4 pieces of that (i.e. 3 pieces or 2 pieces per person, respectively).  When and only when you're done with your first ordering, you get another copy of the menu to order more.  SIMPLEWe ordered the basics, nigiri and sashimi (salmon, tuna, mackerel, white tuna), and some maki (can't remember the names but they sounded like specialty rolls - one was called Odaki).  The food was nothing real special except for one roll, the Dragon Eye roll.  I have a taste for fried foods so I am probably being biased here but that roll was what made it worth going there.  The roll wasn't exactly deep fried.  It was only lightly fried and was VERY yummy!  I remember it having fish eggs in it (flying fish roe?), a bit of spicy mayo, some salmon and other bits.  All I remember is, I was getting to the point where I couldn't eat one more bite until I looked at the menu one last time, and decided to try the Dragon Eye roll.  I ended up eating the entire thing and it was worth every second!So I've read (from other places too) that the service here isn't great.  I'd have to agree.  We spent well over an hour in there, maybe close to 2 and some of it was because we spent a lot of time deciding what to get, but other times, the waiter and waitress were nowhere to be found.  They didn't appear to be looking out for us.  We really had to flag them down if we wanted something.  I guess they did fill our water often?  Oh well.  I still give them four stars and the Dragon Eye roll alone gets its own star :-)
1	I don't even know how to begin describing how awful the service was. You guys should know that I love to eat anything and everything, have a pretty good insight about the difference between good and bad sushi, and will forgive poor service if the food is good, and if there is at least and attempt at providing good service. Odaki does neither.We were a party of 9 with reservations on a recent Sunday night. My boyfriend and I were the first ones to arrive (early). It took a few minutes to get someone's attention, and when I did, he seemed confused about the reservation. He eventually pointed at a booth in the corner by the window, and we were left to go over there by ourselves. The waiter did not come by and we sat there for 10 minute without menus or water, until the rest of my family arrived. Only then did the waiter come by, and only because my dad waved him over. When we asked to get the all-you-can-eat menu, the waiter seemed confused, as we were still waiting for 2 people (who were just parking their car), but is it so strange of a request to get a menu so that we can get a head start on ordering? Our miso soups arrived about 10 minutes later and we ordered another sheet of food. However, the next bit of food, which turned out to be maki, did not arrive for 40 minutes later! The restaurant was on the busy side with only two waiters, but we ordered a variety of things and  there would definitely have been something that could have been served faster than that. And we had to ask for the wasabi/pickled ginger. Not long after that our waiter (who seemed to understand what we asked in slow-motion, and had zero personality whatsoever) came back to tell us that the kitchen had lost our second order. So we had to order again.The whole night just went on like that. We would try and get ahead by submitting orders whenever food arrived, but the food that did end up coming to our table was sporatic and not necessarily what we had ordered. We would take into account how many pieces of maki or sashimi were supposed to be in each serving, and order accordingly, and they would always give us a strange amount. The waiter/kitchen kept forgetting orders and it would only be brought out when we enquired about it. Some things straight out did not arrive. If the kitchen is out of a specific dish, it would be really nice if they told us about it! Because the food sometimes arrived and sometimes didn't, and because it came out in such a staggered way, it came to a point where we really didn't know if the previous order was going to be completed, or if the kitchen was going to forget about it again. It was as if every time we submitted a new order, they just threw away our old order and started over again. And contrary to other reviewers, they did not refill our water often at all! I would say maybe 5 times over the course of the 3 hours.The food itself was ok. Not great by any means but not horrible and no one got food poisoning. The sashimi came in tiny little 1-inch cubes. The only thing thing that stood out was the grilled salmon head. But I don't think I could tell you objectively if anything else was actually good because the whole meal ended up taking 3 hours, and by that time we were all so hungry that we were just scarfing down whatever was brought to us. The other Odaki on St-Catherine St is much better (the two have the same name but are not related at all), food-wise and most definitely service-wise. This Odaki is just a mess. Partway through dinner, my dad went to speak with the manager to complain about the horrible service, and he had no reaction. No apology, and not even an excuse. And the tip was automatically added to our bill because we were a large group, but the restaurant did nothing to deserve this tip. This place does not deserve anyone's money!
1	I came in expecting sushi. What I got...well, nothing worth the $20.You know a restaurant has made a mistake when (a) you have to fill out your order and (b) need to have the mechanics explained to you. You know they have made another mistake when you visibly cannot identify the food based on your order. (Actually, even after eating a roll I couldn't determine what it was.) And finally, when you have to flag down staff twice for the bill...well, it's best to leave it at that.The food was certainly edible (and arrived quickly!), but the rice varied greatly in consistency, the spicy tuna rolls were neither spicy nor resembling tuna, and the scallops were literally just pre-breaded freezer brand as opposed to actual grilled ones. Sushi varied in size between comically big (their idea of a "California roll") and unusually tiny (nigiri).There is room to improve. Switch to by-the-plate pricing. Drop the chinese dishes and improve the sushi. Provide the kind of sushi commonly seen in Vancouver or Asia. But as it is it's just a very expensive buffet.
4	I'm glad I had not seen the other reviews before venturing into this place.We had originally planned to go to Kazu (based on reviews) but on arriving there and seeing, not so much the lengthy wait but, the crowds of people sitting in a very confined space, pretty much on top of each other, I decided I could not eat there.Odaki was convenient.The place is well lit, looks and smells clean and it's pleasantly decorated.We were offered all you can eat or the regular menu.  I had an experience with all you can eat sushi before so we turned that down.The waitress was very adept at getting us liquored up and we were willing subjects.  Had a large bottle of Kirin and two types of cold Sake: an unfiltered one I've enjoyed before and another one that was new to us and quite good.  We both ordered seaweed salad which was average.  I had an avocado hand roll and two different vegetarian rolls one which had some spicy sauce.  They were both really good and very feeling.  My husband had some tuna sashimi and a dragon eye roll and both were also enjoyed.They had a good steady crowd but it was not loud or annoying and the tables were comfortably set.Not the best sushi I've had but very good.I would call Odaki a keeper.
1	From start to finish, the experience at Odaki was pretty awful. We were (eventually) seated at a table in the near-empty restaurant where there were freshly made soy sauce stains and the chopsticks looked as though they'd been used and placed back in the pouch thing. Now, I live in Vancouver so my standards for sushi are naturally quite high. I also failed to mention that I'm not necessarily the most seasoned of sushi-lovers yet and I generally stick to more vegetarian choices. Though I can be adventurous with my food, I consider myself still relatively new to the whole sushi scene. When my spicy veggie roll arrived, it was covered in fish eggs. I was not down with that, and as a result immediately asked if it were possible to have the sushi remade without any of the fish eggs. That was nice, however the ingredients were not fresh and the prices were such a rip off. Luckily they didn't charge me for the extra one. However, the veggie tempura came to almost 9$ for maybe 5 pcs, which was astonishingly high-priced and low quality considering what I've tried in the past. My sister ordered pork dumplings which were served in a big puddle of not so tasty peanut sauce and they tasted strange and watery. Even my sister who is more experienced in sushi and Japanese food than I felt this place to have ripped us off tremendously. We were shocked that our bill came to almost 50$ all together and we had not ordered that much food. The miso soup was the last thing to arrive...very strange.They were still playing Christmas music even though our visit was during the second week of January. Another big no-no. Anyways, all-in-all, I would never return. In fact I advise anyone wandering this part of town on an empty stomach with a jonesing for some sushi to avoid Odaki at all cost. If you decide to eat here, you will leave disappointed, feeling ill in your stomach from the not-so-fresh ingredients, and several (wasted) dollars poorer.
3	I had a coupon in the mail from this place for the dinner buffet where we get 20 percent off the price. I had ordered takeout from them before and figured I'd actually go there for dinner tonight since the coupon was due to expire in 2 days. So first of all, the address of this restaurant is supposed to be 3977 Saint-Laurent. I had to ask someone where this place was because it was not located anywhere near 3976 as it would logically be. Anyways, so I finally found it and it turns out that the buffet is not a buffet that we normally think of where you get up and get your own food. I felt a little dumb asking the waitstaff "so where's the buffet?" So what you do is write in the amounts of food you would like- 3 selections per order per person. Yes, they give you a pencil and you write on the menu yourself. So I ordered salmon teriyaki, miso soup, california rolls, and rice separetely (very surprised that the soup and rice were not included in the entree as most Japanese places offer). For $22.95, it is all you can eat and you order as much as you want so it is a decent deal considering how expensive Japanese food can be. So everything comes as it should (service is a little slow in the beginning) and then the waitress brings over a single piece of salmon for me. All I could say was -----_______------So obviously, I pulled her aside and asked her where the rest of my entree was. Politely, she explained to me that because it is a buffet, you can keep ordering more and more. But still..one piece? And folks, I'm talking small. Just a small cut off the fish. Anyways, so I ate it in one gulp pretty much and when I ordered more, I guess she asked the kitchen to give me a little more than a mouse's portion because she brought out a good-sized appetizer portion which was satisfactory because I was filling up on sushi by then. Ice cream is included in the price, but Ha! NOW you get to get up and do something buffet-like..it is self-serve. You grab the spoon and reach down into the big ol' tub of ice cream and dish yourself out some frozen creamy goodness. So, in conclusion, it's a nice place interior-wise; nice ambiance and atmosphere.  Chances are I'll come back since the dinner buffet is not a bad bargain at all.
3	All you can eat sushi for $26.99 when you're famished and options that aren't crowded in the area are limited - Sold!  Not the best sushi I have ever had, but not the worst either, kinda middle of the road. Never heard of sushi pizza - thought it was original and pretty tasty.  Chicken dumplings were light/non greasy and deserve a mention as well.  Good food for a reasonable price and decent customer service. :-).
1	My unagi was good, but that is as positive as I can get for my review. Our server was extremely rude, didn't even bother bringing us the entire menu, took forever to come back to our table for our order. The all you can eat hot foods were still cold, so they nuked it in the microwave.. how nice. EEK, Me thinks not indeed.
5	I went here with my boyfriend on a Friday night. The restaurant is very cute, and not crowed at all. We were given a seat immediately and attended to by very polite and efficient waitresses. We ordered from the all you can eat menu: it is pretty standard: you choose what you want from each category. The fish was super fresh and tasty, and the rice well seasoned. Overall, I think these might be the best sushis I have ever had in Montreal. Great variety from classics to new trends, they probably have it all. Included in the all you can eat is ice-cream (green tea, red beans, mango and vanilla) and cakes you can chose from.The only thing is that as the sushis are made on order, you will wait a bit between each serving. However, this will give you time to digest and eat even more! I really enjoyed eating here and I will definitively come back. I think this place would be great for groups! Give it a try!
5	It's a good place that i never had been. The food is very tasty,  the chef is from japan, he did tranditional shushi for us. the environment is very good for small or large group, clean, convenience, fast. The service is nice as well.
1	BAD BAD BAD!!!! Not fresh, bad service, bad management and expensive. Not worth the money at all!Don't go there!
1	I rarely give one star reviews but my visit to Odaki prompted me to rate this terrible establishment. If you bought a groupon, RETURN IT ASAP!!!! They discriminate against groupon holders. I went one day and the restaurant was half empty but some people with the groupoon were denied entry because they "did not make a reservation."If you did not buy a groupoon: DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT!!! Why avoid? Bad service and terrible food. Concerning service: extremely slow! To get seated, it took a very long time even though we had reservations.  They did not give us any water until we asked, and it took us  three times to ask (I'm not kidding, I asked three times for water at five minutes interval). Service was so bad. We had to ask for everything: ex. Ask for the menu, ask for more water, ask for another order sheet (3 times until we got it), etc. If we didn't ask, we would be sitting at our table like idiots waiting for nothing.... SERVICE WAS NON EXISTENT OR EXTREMELY SLOW.  Now the food: SO BAD! At first, we ordered some nigiri sushi and sashimi. The presentation was horrible. The pieces were inconsistent, some big some small, and really ugly. They put way too much rice and very little fish. For example, the tuna sushi we ordered: 95% rice and 5% fish (a VERY THIN LAYER OF SLICED TUNA ON TOP OF A LOT OF RICE... Like a thin veneer of tuna). Are you kidding me? Now I know all you can eat places tend to put more rice but ODAKI really takes it to another level. I've been to other sushi places like Kanda, sushi tokyo, sushi crescent, sushi tokyo, sushi 999 etc, but Odaki really is the skimpiest and provides meagre amount of fish. I mean it's 29$ a person, more expensive than other places, and they give you less fish. Not acceptable!!! They take us for fools if they think we don't notice the poor quality of the food. The maki sushi were ok but not great. A lot of stuff we ordered did not even come. For example, we ordered beef sashimi and baby octopus sashimi. It did not come at all without notice or explanation. So maybe they forgot? We order these two items again at the second round. It still doesn't come ! And so we ordered a third time as a last ditch effort. Nope, didn't come. Did they forget? We ordered the same thing three times so I doubt it.... Is it unavailable ??? At least tell me!!! This is just an example as there were other items that were not served as we ordered. I think we got about 70% of everything we ordered in total. What happened to the rest of the 30% that we ordered??? They just cancel without telling us.. So in conclusion: avoid this restaurant like the plague. I've been to this restaurant a few years ago and it was nothing like this. The service and food have taken a nose dive and perhaps because of new management?? I can tell you that we were not the only unhappy patrons at the restaurant. The other clients, it seemed to me, were equally frustrated with the service. I did not use a groupon for my visit, as they kept asking (over the phone, at the restaurant when we arrived, when they give us the menu, when I went to pay). It almost feels that if I had a groupoon, I would be treated differently. Although I don't know how worse as my experience was already extremely bad!!So DO NOT GO TO ODAKI!!! And RETURN YOUR GROUPONS WHILE YOU STILL CAN, usually you have 14 days I think??It's not a coincidence this restaurant has such poor reviews. Just google!
1	Slow. I walked in thinking about ayce, but I noticed there were two parties without food with only one sushi chef. So I thought better and just ordered teriyaki -- as I type this, it's been about 15 minutes and my food hasn't come yet. The other table *finally* got their food and they look very irritated. There's only one waiter. I very much regret my decision. In all honestly, unless the food is as good as a hug from Jesus Christ, nothing would make me wait that long for freaking teriyaki chicken.
3	Too lazy to cook or walk very far, I went to the closest restaurant to my place. I thought that since it was on St-Laurent it was either going to be overpriced or disgusting. I'm happy to say I was wrong. They have a list of combo specials which were quite generous. I ordered combo A for take-out. 15 pieces total; including 2 large tempura shrimps. $10.   On the menu itself, they sell some unusual sushi. However, the waitress couldn't even explain what they were. I asked for an extra of spicy mayonnaise and they didn't charge me. That was surprising, considering so many restaurants charge for it. I will definitely go back. The price was good and the quality was acceptable.
1	Made the mistake of purchasing a groupon for this place. I've tried dozens of sushi restaurants in Montreal over the years and while one learns not to expect too much from "all you can eat" this place really takes the ticket for most disappointing. Immediately after walking in you can tell the restaurant has let itself go in every way- ambience, service, organization etc. They should know better than to serve the sushi they do but i suspect most people who go there are first and last timers- tourists, Groupon users etc. Save your time and money- there are mush better all you can eats in town. Shocked that it is still open. When you run a place with such little pride perhaps its time to close shop and try something else.
2	Their udon is stir-fried not souped. Skewers are horrible. Beef are not well done.
3	We had a group of 4 and did the all you can eat for 20$each.  First walking in the establishment didn't look very welcoming but our waitress was.  We made our choice on the buffet for a diverse sushi selection amongst beef and chicken teriyaki. First off I'm not a huge sushi eater, actually I narrow my sushi likings just to California roll and that's pretty much it. We received our trays of food and the California rolls were pretty tasty but definitely not fresh, the beef was very undercooked and the chicken teriyaki was decent. Everything else seemed fine but for the price I can name you better places for better quality food.   Although overall my friends did enjoy their meals I say it was simple and plain OK experience.
