5	These guys do a great job on my dudes hair, everytime he goes he comes back lookin fly as can be. I highly suggest you give them a try, you won't be disappointed. Mechie is great but anyone that you can get into see will hook you up! 5 stars for sure!
5	In Da Cut barber shop is by far the best in Las Vegas. I've been visiting this location for the past 4 years and I've received nothing but the best cut and service on each and every visit. The environment is friendly, energetic, and fun. Suitable for adults and children to come in and experience something great. The barbers are nice and always have the best topics to talk about. They have about 5 flat screen tv's showing everything from sports, movies, and cartoons for the kids. Xbox 360 is also available to play while you wait for your haircut.They provide styling service from haircuts, to facial shaving, and even has a a beautician for braids and other fancy hairstyles (available upon appointment). I've been to many barber shops in Vegas and none were even close to In Da Cut. The relationship you build with your personal barber is phenomenal. Whenever your face is shaggy and/or your hairline is looking like a lightening bolt, make sure you head over to the best barber shop in town to get fresh!
3	My fiance went in for a fade cut shapeup and facial trim - cash only, $25 + tip.  He's satisfied with his 'do' but it's nothing fancy and definitely NOT the best he's ever had (see pics).  It'll do, but for that price and so-so results, won't be returning. Casual atmosphere with laid back barbers - just ignore the questionable characters that hang around the place.
5	Great barbershop!  Jerry cuts me and my boys hair and always does a great job.   Joe and Ronnie do pretty good too.  Very diverse.  Atmosphere is good always live, barbers actually make conversation with you unlike other places I have went in the past, they always have the game on or something good on the flat screens.  Prices are reasonable.  Wouldn't go anywhere else in Vegas!
5	#1 Black Barber shop in Green Valley Henderson. Yep#1. I prefer the west side but if you are over here in GreenValley go see them. They are are just ahead of HeadHunterz because of the price and the fact that everybody can cut. The facility is nice. They usually have music or sports on or both. Other than that they are real basic. But what else do you need. Prices are good. The staff is freindly.Here is why they are the best:  at HeadHunterz For a taper and shave they hit my pockets for 35 + tip. at In Da Cut its gonna be 25 + tip and everyone can cut. on the westside. 20 + tip.  My spot is MASTERPIECE barber shop. I usually get at Maurice aka "MoFab". There are better dudes but he hooks me up. Head Hunterz is like the Autotune or HipHop  version of a black barbershop trying so hard to capture the essence of the Blk Barber Shop some of the Authenticity is missing. I guess they would call it upscale. But, Its a good place to go. But for my money when Im in GVH I now go to In Da Cut
5	my man has got his hair cut here since they opened and they always do a great job. We live on the west side but still make the drive cuz no one does it better than in da cut!
5	Okay..... so originally I had a HORRIBLE haircut at AVEDA.  I needed someone to fix the tapering around my face (they were completely uneven) ASAP because I had friends in town....JERRY HOOKED ME UP!!!  I wasn't sure if he would be used to cutting my type of hair (Fine, Asian hair) but he absolutely knew what he was doing.  Arguably, this could be one of the best cuts I've had.... and I have spent a lot of $$$$ on haircuts in my day.  Thank you Jerry, for not only being professional and knowing what you were doing, but for fixing my mini-crisis and making me beautiful again!  Go see Jerry, he will take great care of you and your tresses, ladies!
5	Just got home from a haircut an hour ago and I have to say that you can't beat the friendly, light-hearted atmosphere at In Da Cut. I was a walk-in. David "DJ" Gallegos handled my haircut. It's worth every penny! DJ is one of two people I've done business with who can taper a fade with scissors.
1	Waited a hour and no one comes up say or fig out who u going too cut who ..Then people walk in for appt so u never know when u gonna get haircut. avoid if u looking for a first time vist ....wasted a 2 hour on my friday
5	This barbershop was EVERYTHING! My friends 17 year old son was in town for an AAU tournament and said he needed an edge up.  I searched Yelp and decided to go to In Da Cut because it was close to his hotel.  When I tell you Mondo put his life into this young boys haircut....This young man travels the US playing ball and has never had an edge up like this.  The service was IMPECCABLE.
5	Uh yeah, to say I was nervous coming in here was an understatement; needless to say, I'm not their standard clientele but I needed someone that could detail my undercut when my normal stylist can't fit me in. In Da Cut, while a traditional barbershop in every sense of the word (read: not a lot of women and by not a lot of women what I really mean is no women when I got there), was the best and I needed the best. While I did feel bad about busting in on their boys club, everyone was wicked fun and hilarious and I had a great f**king time the entire f**king time. The best part tho is that I left with an sick undercut. My barber, D, was a perfect gentleman, patient and light handed and funny and talented as fuq.I will be a regular, if they'll have me and  if you are looking for something genuine, it doesn't get anymore genuine than this place. Don't be scared ladies, do your thing.
1	Came by to try this place out since my nephew needed a hair cut. Didn't have an appointment but was told it would only be about 20 min wait.  Thought that to be a little long as there where 6.... yes 6 barbers.    Anyway one barber finishes and thought great we are next... nope.  I guess his friend came in and they just started to bullshit in the back.  Ok we'll wait for the next one.  When the next guy finishes he decides that he needs a lunch break and leaves. Mind you its 11:15.   We are now down to 4 barbers and 3 people waiting.  Its ok cuz like I said there are still 4 shouldn't be much longer especially since its now been 20 min. 30 min in and the four are still working on the the same 4 customers that where already in the chairs when we walked in 30 min ago. Someone should be done soon right? Oh and by the way the 2 people behind us where never noticed.  No hello, how can I help? Do you have an appt, or there is a wait of such amount of time...... at this point the two behind us have now left but where replaced with two new potential customers.Next to finish is the only woman cutting hair. So we should be next.... nope again.  She is not able to cut my nephews hair because she doesn't know how to layer.... really?? Well at least she stepped up and said something so he didn't walk out with a bad cut. 45 min later my newphew was finally seen.  It wasn't a bad cut but was not worth the wait or the cost.  Won't be returning.
4	I just moved back to Las Vegas from San Diego and my normal barber was busy so I was on the hunt for a fresh fade. I yelped black barber shops in my area and In Da Cut has received good reviews so I have it a shot. I'm not a fan of waiting so I called and made an appointment. The barber Jay set myself and my homie up at separate chairs. They took their time and did the razor lineup. I walked out looking like Ebony man of the month. My buddy isn't black but he loved his cut as well. I recommend this shop for anyone on the southeast/southwest side of town... They are close to the airport.
5	I was visiting some fam out in Vegas, and my stepson, and I needed hair cuts....bad.I noticed that everytime I drove past this place, it was packed!! So I figured it must be packed for a reason. So we gave it a shot. Needless to say, we both walked out of there pleased. If you are in the area and need to get fresh for a great price, I suggest In Da Cut. They are amazing!!
5	They are still the best Jerry is awesome. The shop is so clean everyone is so professional.
5	Walked right in and sat down.  Real black barbershop spot. My ten year old son got taken care of and we were very happy.  It can be tough to find a real barbershop where they can give you a good cut and line up, but they were great. Definitely recommended.
1	Came here to try it out got seated right away asked the barber for a taper and number 2 on top plus line up my beard he said that was gonna be extra I said no prob. So make the long story short the barber was feeling a little under the weather as he kept blowing his nose. Then he left me there half cut and was talking on the phone outside and was talking again on the phone while cutting my hair that's kinda of annoying. So at the end of the cut it was okay nothing great wasn't as fresh as I would of wanted but it came out to $30 without tip that's pretty expensive. I mean for the cut I got and how it came out I didn't feel it was worth it but well I tried this place and I'm not going back
4	Great spot...came here about a month ago for the first time after 13 years of not getting a hair cut (had long hair) First cut by Ron Ron was good...Second cut by Bray-low was even better...none of the barbers are week from what I see though...typical barbershop talk...I was skeptical at first being from LA but they made me a believer. .
1	I only give this one star because they charge $25 for a haircut.  This is in Henderson. .not in Las Vegas and they are asking for $25 like they on the strip ...Heckkk no.
5	We love TonyMy sons all ways leave looking sharp my 7 year old takes a nap every time in Tonys chair and still looks  great after Everyone is so nice  our Family loves this barber shop
5	Legit shop.  If you're looking for a barber in Vegas,  this is the place! Was visiting Vegas from the East Coast and used Yelp to find a barber. In da cut was one of the few shops with some solid reviews. This is your typical black barbershop except they have a sign in sheet, say what?  Not sure if it's used though: I was immediately taken. Went to the second to last chair, asked for low fade. Amazing--is all I can say. Well worth the cab ride and generous tip I left.  These guys can cut.  They even had the World Cup on even though no one knew wth was going on in the game. All in all great shop with a nice, friendly vibe. If I ever make it back out to Vegas,  I'll save my cut for this shop...!!
2	tried 2 barbers. both were decent. nothing special. shop is nice.  didnt like techniques they used
4	My 16 year old son wanted a proper, well done, fade.  We had been to several "white" barber shops and hair salons and they just couldn't  get it right, so I took him to In Da Cut Barbershop.  After sitting there for about 45 minutes, the entire time listening to "jokes" like "I ain't need money that bad to take that type of client" and "Damn, we shoo got some fettuccine alfredo sauce in here", I noticed there was one barber not participating in the sh*t talking, and he is the one that finally called my kid up and gave him one h*lla good hair cut ~ a sweet fade that he did with scissors ~ now that takes talent.  The barbers name is RonRon, and I'm sure that he got grief after we left, but I hope he laughed all the way to the bank with the 50% tip I gave him.  I hope that they get used to use to seeing us there, because I will take my son back ......... a good haircut is a good haircut, I don't care who's doing the cutting.  Had they sh*t talking not happened I would have given this place a 5 star, and to RonRon I do give 5 stars, they others guys ~ from what I saw they did great, but they need t open their minds a little.............
5	I just drove in from Long Beach and needed a haircut bad. I hit up Yelp for a shop and luckily this one was right across the street! Dude named Cadillac was posted outside. Saw me walkin up, greeted me right away and took me in for a cutt. He did that tho. Got me lookin too fresh for this wedding lol. The shop is chill. Good peeps. Good conversation. I recommend this spot to anybody comin to the Vegas area.
4	I love barber shops and this place is a nice find in Henderson.  When I arrived, there was one guy getting his hair cut and I didn't have to wait long.  Also, the wait was fine because they have at least 5 flat screen TV's to entertain you.  I happened to be there during Monday night football which was perfect.It's always a bit intimidating for me to roll into a mostly male shop since I'm a lady with short hair.  The guys here were respectful and I didn't feel like I have in some other shops. I didn't get the hot shave but they do have that option and they also have the high powered air to blow off those baby hairs after a cut.Ray cut my hair and he did I nice job and listened to what I wanted and followed though.  I liked his attention to detail.
