4	These sandwiches are simply delicious. The sourdough bread is so good, soft and fluffy deliciousness. I was surprised that the name of this place had changed... but the sandwiches seem to be similar. There is a slight Alcatraz esque feel to the small shop. The new names of the sandwiches are criminal inspired. See my photos for the menu.I used to order The Russian (Roast Beef, Turkey, Provolone, Lettuce, tomato and onion), I would always substitute the Provolone for Swiss... Now it's called the Officer's choice and comes standard with Swiss. The sandwich tasted the same as it always did, and that is a good thing. Clam Chowder was ok, a little watery, but still pretty good. Staff is still very friendly. Pro tip: They have a punch card (I don't think they used to have one).
4	I have been here a couple of times in its previous life, and wanted to check it out now that it is Sourdough Escape. Wasn't sure what the name meant, but now I see it has some /San Francisco/Alcatraz connection. Anyway, ordered the large Turkey with all the extras to go. It comes with Swiss, the 'kind with holes, not the low rent stuff you find in so many other places. Verdict? (Pun intended) I like it. The bread, which is a big part of what you are looking for when you go to a place with 'sourdough' in its name, was really good, as was the whole sandwich. Looking forward to trying it again, and maybe bestowing one of my coveted 5-star ratings! Gave my Cocker a bite and even she gave it a 4-wag review. Try it. I think you will like it.
5	Truly a five star sandwich. The meats are roasting in house. The bread is home made and the service was great.
4	Excellent bread. Very adequately staffed with friendly people who were willing to explain and help customers with choices. The clam chowder was also quite good.
2	Went to Sourdough Escape formerly known as San Francisco Eatery and was highly disappointed !  I asked the cashier was there a name change age said yes they were no longer franchised. I ordered a vegetarian sandwich which had bag lettuce on it the bread was tiny ( I thought it was a a kids sandwich when I opened it) and dry.  I paid $6.48 for the sandwich the quality is not there anymore , save your money and go elsewhere
4	Great sandwiches and friendly employees. I'm always happy with a sandwich from Sourdough Escape.
2	Sourdough Escape just missed the mark for me.  It's very nice inside, it's clean, and the staff is friendly.  However, the taste and quantity of food you get compared to other sandwich shops and delis is lacking.If you have a traditional pastrami, roast beef, or corned beef sandwich in mind, I'd go elsewhere.  I like to need multiple napkins over the course of the meal because there is so much packed on the sandwich.  You definitely won't be licking your fingers after breezing through the dainty portions here....sorry Sourdough.
2	My family and I eat here quite often. Today was not a great experience. Staff not friendly. They don't smile and give the impression they do not want to be bothered by you. My meatball sub was lukewarm at best and literally thrown together. Not impressed today. It will be a while before we return.
3	Sandwich was pretty decent for a sandwich, got into a odd conversion about how she doesn't support yelp and supports some ihateyelp.com or whatever.... I honestly stopped paying attention and just wanted to eat. Will be back to try the soup!
3	I stopped in here on Saturday afternoon, hungry for a salad.  My friend and I were thinking of hitting a familiar spot, but we saw this place, and thought we'd give it a go.Employees were pretty nice, and we received our food quickly.The greek salad was good.  Really good, actually, and was the perfect size (the side salad portion).The creamy potato soup was delicious as well.  My only real complaint is that everything was served in to go containers, and styrophoam cups, even though we dined in.I didn't realize that people still used styrophoam.  Not really earth concious....I had the same reaction at another place recently.Oh, and the salad dressing comes in a packet.  With them making everything else, you'd think they'd make their own dressing.  Its not too hard...but...meh.I'd go back again.  The quality of the food was really good.
5	This place used to be San Francisco Sourdough Eatery.  It's still under the same management/owners; they just changed the name and menu since they're no longer part of the SFSE franchise.  After not returning for a few months, I decided to try this place again.  I'm very happy with the new changes!  New workers are more efficient and sandwiches are much better!  I'm glad the new changes reminded me why I very much enjoyed this place in the first place.
5	The staff is very friendly, the sourdough bread is awesome, and I enjoyed the atmosphere. The staff is willing to answer any questions you have and will even let you sample the soups before pick one out. The Godfather is my favorite!
5	Love the food here. The criminal meltdown or roast beef are my favorites! The staff is very friendly and willing to help if you need any suggestions. The bread and cookies are amazing! I also enjoy that this place is kid friendly.
4	Love the sourdough here,  no need to go to San Francisco for bread. order a sandwich and got a loaf to go home for sandwiches.
5	Glad we found Sourdough Escape. Love the sandwiches and especially the freshly baked sourdoughs.  The price is right and a great staff. The eating area is clean and bright.  We have been back many times and we continue to patronize this business.
5	What happened?  Went there the other day and the place was closed.  A sign indicated Sourdough Escape will not be re-open.  Sad for us. A very good restaurant is gone.   Don't know what to do to satisfy my hunger for a good sourdough sandwich.
1	This place is CLOSED not to reopen according to the sign on the door. So sad!! I really liked this place
