5	A nice little cafe tucked in a corner on Infirmary Street, very close to South Bridge.  It has a clean, airy vibe, with lots of light-coloured wood and white tables.  It opens directly into Dovecot studios which adds a little bit of a sophisticated feel.  It has more of a "chat with your friends" vibe than a "park with your laptop" vibe.  It's a small place, maybe about 8 tables.They advertise serving Artisan Roast coffee, and I believe it: the espresso that I had was fantastic. Didn't try lunch (they serve soup and sandwiches), but the pastry that I had was good.  The only complaint I can think of is the name: I still can't figure out if it's called Dovecot Cafe, Stag Espresso, Stag Espresso at Dovecot Cafe, Dovecot Cafe by Stag Espresso, Large Stag at Cafe Espresso Dovecot, or what.
4	After getting up rather early to head all the way into town, for a 15 minute meeting, I decided the only way to make this trek worthwhile would be to go try coffee somewhere I walk past every day, and this place fits the bill.I guess most people won't have heard of it, because it is hiding away in a wee corner just off the main street, and I quite like that, it's not stupidly busy, or loud - always a bonus! So basically, I decided the coffee sounded amazing so there was no doubt in my mind about having anything else! I wandered up to have a little look at the cake display, and actually said out loud - oooooohhh, yum. I hope the lovely chap that worked there didn't think I was some cake monster, I try to keep that a secret. So I had a yummy looking toffee muffin.The verdict is - thumbs up! The coffee is the yummy Artisan Roast, that I so dearly love, and think I may have even preferred it here more than at Broughton street (Gasp, never thought that I would ever say that?!) The muffin was good,  a lovely toffee fudge topping. So...... I am not too sure why I haven't given it 5 stars, I am not overly keen on the interior, modern is good, but I find it lacking in character. But I will be going back for sure to try some of the soup! Roast Chicken and Stilton today..... YUM! Just a shame it was a little too early for lunch!
5	Stumbled upon this cute cafe today after walking down the wrong street.  Ended up looping back later on that day for a coffee with a friend.  I got fresh tomato & bacon soup, served with artisan bread, which seemed to be wholemeal with some seeds in it.  Cappuccino was delicious, also got a carmel/chocolate shortbread and there were no complaints there either.  Staff was friendly.  I'll be back.  Just wish I knew if they had wifi.
5	I have now taken another two, yes two, trips here and have become utterly smitten with the place!!! The first time I returned was for a quick bowl of lovely, hot, filling, cauliflower and cheddar soup......... YUM. The service was still spot on, attentive, friendly and prompt, just what I needed as I was in a rush!Next time was a more leisurely visit for coffee and an apple muffin. Yet again, I cannot sing the praises of this coffee enough, I really can't. I still am not particularly keen on the interior but you know what, it doesn't really matter, not when you have coffee, cake and soup that tasty! I also love that nobody has ever heard of this place, makes me feel like it is 'my own little secret'........
4	This is one of my favourite places in the Old Town to go for lunch and coffee.Good old soup, sandwich and cake as well as excellent Artisan Roast coffee.The staff are lovely, and friendly and if you are regular, get to know your preferences and remember in advance which is lovely!  It's quite small though and you can't book so sometimes you'll have to chance your arm they'll be a table.The only thing is, it's a real shame there's not a proper breakfast menu (porridge or anything more than a pastry!) as the cafe opens early in the morning but there isn't much of a selection other than coffee.Recommend Stag Espresoo for delicious coffee and simple but tasty sandwiches and soup.
4	the coffee is excellent. we tried both the flat white and cappuccino. i found the flat white perfect and trusty partner the cappuccino just a wee bit weak but enjoyable even so. soft, rounded, smooth milk that was hot-warm but not hot-hot, bringing the best out of the coffee. very friendly staff who are clearly passionate about both food and coffee and all situated in a lovely space amongst contemporary art and design. what more could you want!  we'll be back regularly to this gem - cracking - keep it up!
5	Ok..... I feel I have now got to the point of no return. I am full on, head over heels, completely and utterly, fantastically, undoubtedly in love with the cafe at Dovecot. This place is the shizz. The coffee is A-maazing! The cakes are devine. The soups are exciting and different flavours. The sandwiches are made with such proper big tasty slabs of bread. The salads..... oh the salads!?! Edamame, Feta, Beetroot and Spinach. Heaven.  And the staff are ace!? I actually cannot praise this place enough.......
4	Oooh, I'm super pleased I didn't do my usual get-impatient-and-leave-when-I see-somewhere-looks-busy thing when I wandered into Dovecot Studios. I had a peek round the cafe and noticed it was bustling to the brim (lunchtime), but then one of the really nice staff dudes hopped over pretty much straightaway and did his best to source me a table quickly. That bit of instant customer service got a tick for awesomeness in my mental reviewing list, considering the guy probably had about ten lattes and 20 sandwiches to assemble. I've lost count of the amount of places where I've stood at the door, all full of anticipation for the experience ahead, then felt the disappointment start to sink in when I realise I've been waiting there for 15 minutes without actually being acknowledged.I had the very pleasing falafel and houmous salad, for which I was supplied olive oil and balsamic vinegar to apply to my own preference. Nice touch there, people are fussy about their dressing. And then, there it was...the dawn of the Dovecot espresso. I could almost see the stag in the distance, watching and nodding its head slowly in approval as I sipped on the most bloody delightful espresso macchiato I've had in some time. If I say it had a chocolatey taste and texture and a full-bodied hit that made my afternoon typing fly with a bang, then I probably wouldn't be using the right coffee lingo...but what I had in that cup was good, anyway. I'll be returning to try and make my way round the menu - whether it's a tasty-looking slice of sweetness I'm after or some savoury goodness, or...actually...oh dear...I really need one of those espressos RIGHT NOW. Writing about this on a Sunday was a mistake. Until Monday 8am...*ignore the shaky hand, ignore the shaky hand...*
4	I came in here for breakfast with my boyfriend and another couple this morning, as I remember having an amazing coffee here once, and heard that they were really good for people with gluten allergies.So I came by... and it turned out they were! I went for a soya cappuccino, my boyfriend took a soya latte, one of our friends went for an americano, the other a cappuccino with regular milk. They both went for pain au raisins, which were huge, about the same size as my face! My boyfriend opted for a toffee muffin, I had the caramel shortbread. They all seemed happy with their cakes. Mine was really delicious, but I was a tiny bit disappointed that the only gluten free options were biscuit based bars. It would have been nice to have a more cakey/pastry option! The coffee here is supplied by artisan roast, and tastes really spectacular. It's a good size too, and is really like that which you would order at a good bar in Italy-strong, with a sharp crema, but not too bitter. The friend who had an americano liked it so much that he ordered another.The space here is lovely and light, and it's fantastic that it's tucked away. It remains one of those little secrets. It's attached to a gallery too, which gives it that whole arty appeal, something I really love. Looking at the menu, it seems that they cater very well for gluten intolerances, and are able to make gluten free sandwiches and supply gluten free bread with soup! Amazing!Just please, more gluten free cake.I will be back for a caffeine refuel!
4	MY PICCOLO HAD ITS OWN WEE COZY. The fact that i am completely won over by the cute accessories my coffee is sporting may say a lot about me as a person... but Dovecot is definitely a case of both style and substance. Attached to an gallery which appears to specialize in textiles, the space is bright, airy and open. i enjoyed watching the barista make my piccolo, which was extremely tasty (and stylishly adorned with the wee knitted cozy.)I also had a falafel salad bowl. which was HUGE, and wasn't stingy with the falafel. which was a win all round. I'll probably have to return for some of the cake on a less virtuous health day!
4	This is a wonderful little cafe! Very light and airy and full of delicious treats to choose from. I went here for lunch during my trip to Edinburgh and had a really tasty brie sandwich, with wonderful chutney and lettuce stuffed between fresh, hearty bred. It was very tasty indeed!  The staff were very accommodating also, with my friends requests for gluten-free bread and smaller portions of brie being met with smiles and nods, which is always nice. The cafe sits off a lovely little gallery space with a shop full of beautiful notebooks and the like, so if you fancy a coffee and a splurge on lovely stationary this is the place for you! :POverall, this place has a really lovely atmosphere! I'd return in a heartbeat.
5	Its been 4 days and I'm still thinking of the wonderful salad I had here the other day! I feel like salads get a bad rap here in Scotland and they are jsut blah... but when I met my friend at Dovecot I was tempted to risk a salad ,choice because were it sounded yummy.  I had a delicious smoked salmon, and avocado salad with a light yogurt dill dressing !  I'm counting down the days till I can order it again! It was also filling ! Loads of salmon and avocado !  Their sandwiches sounded amazing too!  I know most people on here rave about their coffee and tray bakes , hoping to have some of those next time =) My friend did get a mocha and thought it was lovely. I had the ginger and lemonaide, which was refeshing, but I hate paper straws! They just feel weird in my mouth! haha But thye look cute so I'll give them that.
