3	I went here today after seeing that the management and name had changed.  It took a while for someone to come greet me, but I was ok with that because I wanted some time to look around to see what had changed. The no longer had those awesome Samosas out for sell like the last time I went but I still had hope for the rest of the menu. Every dessert item had an extensive list of all the ingredients used to make each one. I choose the fig and honey chocolate cup and the Mango Cheesecake. The Fig and Honey was great but, nothing outstanding. I wish I could have tasted more of the fresh fig flavor as it is one of my favorite fruits. I even keep fig jam in my frig at all times. The Mango Cheesecake was AMAZING it tasted like I bit into mango by way of Cheesecake Factory. It had a large piece of chocolate on it for the garnish which was a little flimsy from being in a humidified case before it was package for me. The only reason I'm giving this place a three is because of my overall experience which was really kind of MEH. Next time I would like to try some of the food options when I'm feeling a bit more adventurous. I will definitely be back.
3	You're killin' me, Curry n Cake. I'll start with the positive: The food here is really, really, really good. The Chicken 65 is a fantastic mix of spicy and crunchy  with just enough sauce to make it moist, but you can still (and you'll want to) eat it with your fingers. There's a nice mix of "old standards" of Indian cuisine - Tandoori Chicken, Butter Chicken, Goat Roganjos, Malai Kofta - and dishes I've never seen before - Chicken (or Gobi) 65, Hakka noodles, and Bhel Puri. Be warned, the spice level tends to be medium-high. That said, the food is delicious and fresh; the flavors are well-balanced; the breads are nicely cooked. I have not been disappointed with their savory food.I've only had a couple of their pastries, but those were great, too. On food alone, I'd give this place five stars without hesitation.Now for the not-so-great: Even after being open for several months, they don't quite seem to have caught their stride. If it's busy and I'm ordering takeout, I have to call three or four times (and sometimes more!) before someone picks up the phone. They generally say "20 minutes" for the food; it's sometimes taken 40 or more. On one day, they ran out of rice. How do you run out of rice? (They did have biryani, which they gave away instead of plain rice, but it was really simply too hot for me - I like to use the rice to cut the heat of the curry a little) There is frequently an air of "WE'RE GOING AS FAST AS WE CAN!" in this place, especially during the lunch rush. It has the feel of a place that could use a lot of help with efficiency.Here's the thing, though: These are growing pains, and they're minor headaches. In any case, the food is ABSOLUTELY worth it. I'd recommend going there in person if you can - you won't have to worry about waiting for a phone order, and they have counter service there, with about eight tables.
3	Let's start with the positive.  The food is very, very good.  I am a vegetarian and eat at Indian establishment often.  The clientele was entirely Indian with the exception of my party.  I mention this because I prefer going to various ethnic restaurants that people of that ethnicity go to because in my experience, the food at those places are usually very good and authentic.  I ordered a curry and the Samosa Chat, both of which were delicious.  Their Samosa Chat is covered with a gravy/sauce which is the fist time I have every had it this way.  It was great.  My companion order a chicken curry which she enjoyed.  The food was prepared fairly quickly.  The food itself would be rated at 4 stars.  We did not try any dessert so I cannot comment or rate any of the desserts.Now the bad.  The restaurant is very, very small.  It is more of a take out place in that there is not much seating.  There is no host.  There are no wait staff.  You go to the counter and order.  You have to fend for yourself to find seating.  We ordered the food for eat in and when the food was cooked, there was no place for us to eat.  So changed the order to go.  But then the a table left and we were able to eat in.   Then we forgot we did not order anything to drink.  They have a station for water and we had that.So If you enjoy good Indian food, eat there but if it is in prime eating times get it to go. If a seat  opens as you wait grab it quick or you will be out of luck.  That is why the rating went down from 4 stars to three.  4 stars for the food, 2 stars for the service therefore it averages out to 3 stars.
1	It was very badly smelled, staff was very rude. I have ordered food for to-go and initially I was told to wait 25 minutes and then another 10 minutes. I have waited for 45 minutes, and guess what food is still not ready. I lost my appetite and  when asked to cancel the order, to my surprise he cancelled my order and didn't refund my money. The guy goes next time when you come in just tell my name and you will be served food. I lost $25. What a rip off!!!!
5	Great food! I am married to an Indian, so I'm pretty discriminating when it comes to Indian food. The Gobi manchurian was one of the best I've ever had.  Perfectly fried and the sauce was a wonderful balance of sweet and spicy. The Aloo Gobi was strange in that I expected it to be a dry subji but this was in a thick gravy. However the gravy was flavorful and delicious so I won't complain. Know before ordering though. I was trying to get a healthier item, and this probably isn't. Cheese naan was anticlimactic for me. The naan dough is good and the naan has lots of nice layers in it. The cheese was flavorless and almost non-existent, and the dough needed some salt. I ordered takeout on a monday night at 7 pm, and it was ready as soon as I walked in the door. I wouldn't want to eat in the store, but for takeout it is a good and decently priced option. $21 for Gobi Manchurian, Aloo Gobi, Rice and Naan.
2	The place isn't very welcoming but I came in here because I heard their little cakes were good. I order one of each of their flavor and honestly it's nothing special. It's actually kind of boring and they all kind of taste the same but it's just different color frosting.
3	Really good food. Try cheese dosa.I felt the cashier was pretty bored to stand behind the counter. She kept running inside every other minute. Next time I will just order out coz the food indeed is good.
4	We had the following:- Starter: Chilly Paneer- Entree: Kodi Vepudu and Chicken Shahi Korma- Desert: Pistachio cake and Passion fruit parfait- Other: Mango lassi, jeera rice, garlic naanPros- The lassis and chilly paneer were just superb!- The Kodi Vepudu was very flavourful.- Portions are large and are very well suited to be shared.Cons- Western pallets will struggle with the level of heat used.- The deserts were good but could be better.In ConclusionCurry 'n Cake presents a really interesting fusion of food which is far from being ordinary. We will definitely return but may need to ask about the level of heat in the future until our taste buds toughen up. Service was prompt and friendly and the dishes come with rice which was not clear from the menu.
5	Love this place....don't miss the gobi manchurian and any type of hakka noodles....tastes heavenly!!!...been to this place twice in a week already
4	Are you missing indian pastries? Then visit this place you can satisfy your tastebuds.We often keep visiting this place and like paneer dosa, chicken fried rice.You can get pre ordered cakes; eggless cakes are also worth enough.
1	I would rather eat fast food before enduring through this experience again. I ordered a masala dosa and what came was a soggy crust with watery masala and a poor attempt with serving store bought chatni. As soon as you enter the place on the left is a pile of trash with happy flies scavenging while the area smells like spices. Between all of that they are trying to sell pastries so even though the cake was edible the environment takes all the joy out for me. Only redeeming factor may be perhaps that they do not overcharge on most items on menu.  I doubt even kitchen nightmares would be able to help. No thanks, moving right along.
