5	Bloom is my favorite grocery store so there is nothing bad I can say about it. I love the fact that its close to my house, never really crowded and they always have great sales! i'm an on the go person so i love the fact that i can get in and get right out. the customer service is great! everyone is very helpful and nice. the best part is that they have more self check outs than most grocery stores cuz i hate standing in lines!
2	This store, like all Charlotte area Bloom stores, is converting to a Food Lion and the conversion is just about done.  In case you didn't know (although it's blatantly obvious), Food Lion and Bloom are the same store, owned by the Belgian-based Delhaize company.  Bloom was just the "polished turd" version of Food Lion.  The prices are the same, the specials are the same, and the service is the same.  Bloom was supposed to be all about the customer, but it wasn't.  I will give them credit for doubling coupons (Food Lion doesn't), but they had signs printed on office paper and hung all over the store.  Near the self checkouts, for example, they said "No coupons accepted at self checkout."  Near the gift cards they said "cash or debit only for gift cards."  Now, I understand this, but there are nicer ways it could be presented.I find Food Lion and Bloom to be expensive, almost as much as Harris Teeter.  They don't have a whole lot of "buy one get one free" sales, like Bi-lo does, for example.  Bloom seemed to be a good concept, but people around know a Food Lion when we see one.
3	This is a Food Lion, and unfortunately, I have never been a Food Lion fan, but....this used to be a Bloom. Although I was disappointed it got downgraded to a Food Lion, many of the Bloom staff are still here and they are nice people.I remember when they were first changing over to Bloom, I overheard one of the clerks saying to another, "Everyone talks about Food Lion being dirty. Does this mean we are going to end up dirty here too?" I am happy to report, it didn't mean that because I think they do a really good job at this location of keeping the store clean and inviting.They did, however, cut back on the selection of organic produce, and for that matter, selection in general, so it isn't as convenient as it was for what I usually buy
