5	If you're looking for a a place to stay in Vegas that is nice, quiet, but close to the action this is perfect for you! The hotel: It is a quiet hotel (no casino) but is only about a $7 cab ride to the Wynn and a bit more to go further south on the strip.  The people who stayed there seemed to be mostly families or older people, but there were some younger folks so we felt like we fit in just fine!The rooms: We got a great deal on the rooms - $99 a night for a one bedroom suite - and they were great. The suite was very spacious and had a jacuzzi (big enough for two - kind of), a king sized bed, a pull-out couch and a full kitchen.  There are also two pools, two hot tubs, an activities room (with a foozball table!), and a fitness center.The staff: Although we ran into some employees who were quite entertaining, on the whole the staff was super-friendly and helpful.
5	That's Hot! I had a wonderful weekend at this place.We had condo on the 14 floor with 2 bedrooms 2 Bath and 1.5 kitchens. The staff and crew were funny and happy and friendly. LOVE THEM!There's no casino here, its just a nice place to settle down. Beware of the cab wait. It totally sucks! There's this cab phone out in front and there was only 2 people ahead of us and we waited for the longest time. Finally we just broke down and took our SUV out and about.
5	Do yourself a favor.  Get an American Express Hilton's Honors card.  I've only been a member for 4 months now and have been sent numerous offers for the Las Vegas Hilton Grand.  It's AWESOME!  The first offer that I recieved was 2 nights for $200 (includes tax) in a one bedroom suite.  The offer also included a $100 gift card to Capital Grille, an amazing steak house, and a $50 gift card to macys.  WHAT A FREAKING DEAL!I actually just called today and booked another room for next year.  4 days 3 nights in a 2 bedroom suite for 400 dollars.  Not too bad... The rooms here are beautiful!  (It helps that the hotel was just recently built.  A third tower will be under construction soon.)  The one bedroom suite had everything!  Jacuzzi tub, king size bed, flat screen tvs, queen size pull out couch, kitchen with microwave, dishes soap, washing machine, dryer... whatever you have in your apartment.... they have there.
4	Sometimes the luck of the Irish in me comes in handy. On my most recent visit to Vegas I stayed, practically for free, at the Hilton Grand Vacations Club because my best friend's folks own a time share here. Thank you to the Myers family, hollah!The suites can easily accommodate 2-4 people. They offer a full kitchen, big fridge, dishwasher and washer and dryer. The place is as luxurious or more than my usual favorite hotel, the Venetian. In particular I was crazy for the three nozzled shower wall! The pool is perfect for lounging, but not so perfect for scoping as the crowd was mixed between older timeshare types and random kids like us. One other important thing, even though it's more of a residence than hotel, the employees are very helpful and responsive. A technician fixed an evil beeping noise coming from the kitchen quickly (dishwasher, who'd've thunk?) and the concierge was an angel, guaranteeing entry for three GUYS into Jet after spending an hour on the phone.The location is prime, on the strip and within walking distance to Circus Circus or Sahara. This actually comes in handy because cabs rarely show up here, so you're better off taking the 5 minute walk over to Clowns R Us to get a ride to your evening's destination.
3	I hate to give the low review here, because overall the place quite actually great-- a full week in a very very decent suite with a kitchen, sleeper couch  and separate bed room, all very nice.  But if you're going to spend a week somewhere, you're going to find some weaknesses, and here are the ones I found:1. Internet connectivity in the form of wireless AND ethernet wired in the room-- sounds great, except that I spent an hour with tech support (a company ironically named StayOnline) trying to determine why I couldn't download more than 4KB of content from some websites, why ssh wasn't working, etc... in the end, I went to Starbucks and that worked just fine, as always.  Thus it was difficult to get things done and that was frustrating.2. Concierge desk a little iffy.  This might be a little harsh on my part, but the quality of the answers we got when calling the desk was a bit low-- I didn't keep track of who answered what and when, so I'll simply say that they need to improve the knowledge base that they use to seed their answer cache.3. Bathroom lighting is not great, and there's no exhaust fan!  Keep that hot shower short or enjoy the humidity.  This is very annoying: the TP holder has decorative mountings that are more narrow than the rolls they provide, so that for the first half of the roll it doesn't spin freely... another annoyance.All in all, it was a really great place.  If you aren't a nerd and go there without a computer or if you get lucky and your internet connectivity works, and if you luck out on the concierge desk, well, you're in there, because the place is clean and pleasant with nice bellmen and ample self-parking, and the kitchen was just about as useful as you can imagine, especially if hitting a buffet AGAIN during a week there is not all that appetizing.  I did miss having a restaurant of some sort to wander to, but that's not a horrible trade-off.  The on-site gym is functional but there's a 24 Hour Fitness about 2.5 miles away (and it is a really excellent one, IMHO), and an on-site market that is overpriced but there if you need something.
4	My mom took me to Vegas for my 21st birthday and we stayed at this Hilton.  The price was right because we signed up to take the timeshare tour/sales thing.  The room was very nice and spacious and the store/fitness center/ and staff were very nice.  Checking in early was not a problem.Being there for only 3 days was just not enough.  I liked the location and the lack of casino, otherwise my wallet would be even worse off :)  The only downfall was that i got bug bites after sleeping in the bed.  kinda sorta really gross!  I loved the bed, but it bit me.  Overall, I'd stay there again!
5	Where do I start......This Place is AWESOME!!!We stayed here for three nights back in Feb.  We had the Two bedroom Suite which included the following:Livingroom/Kitchen area complete with a full kitchen, stacked washer/dryer. There is a beautiful 50 inch PLASMA on the wall (sadly no HD though) hooked up to a Bose Lifestyle Surround System, Pull out couch and a couple chairs.Each bedroom has a 42 inch LCD flat panel TV(again no HD), The Master bedroom is WAY COOL, complete with a walk in shower w/ a Triple shower head and room for 3-4 people (What happens in Vegas, STAYS in Vegas, LOL)The smaller bathroom was still very nice although with just a tub shower.Downstairs, the main lobby is filled with lots of chairs and one level down from the lobby is where they have a nice little store complete with a Starbucks, Deli and most food items that you will need for your stay...There is also a gym and a large room with a pool table and a Wide screen TV just in case you need a break from the Strip.What I did not like but I am not marking off for is the cost to use the computers in the business center.  For an hour and printing off a couple sheets was almost 20 bucks. If you have a laptop.....bring it.You do not have to be a Timeshare owner to stay here, you may just pay for your room just as any other hotel.
5	Super awesome place, aside from the tour - yes we all had to take the tour and get sold time shares. Before/after that, very cozy rooms, awesome hot tubs. Nice outside area - almost makes vegas seem like a place to come relax. Oh, did I mention, no casino?Last but not least, a mini market downstairs which had everything you could want: priced pretty reasonably.Plus for the $126 it cost for the 2 room suite and free wireless internet. SUPER!Do iT!
4	Brought timeshare but it's first time I came back. I have to say this place is great especially the plus suites. It make you feel like you're at home with full kitchen, bath, jacuzzi,  and high speed wireless internet. Everything was great! Here's what I liked most:1. Phillip 40" Flat Plasma TV 2. Boss Surround sound with DVD player. Things I didn't like:1. Mini Market is way over price, better off goto grocery store for you daily shopping.2. tax cab doesn't come here very often, but you can easily catch a ride across the street at Sahara. 3. pool is kinda small for the size of hotel.
4	More like 4.5 stars.  This place was a terrific bargain.  I booked the AAA rate for the studio room for $116 per night this past weekend.  The hotel is located just north of Circus Circus on the strip and looks fairly new.  Our room had a king size bed, a mini-fridge and microwave, and wonderful Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries.  I would love to stay here again to take advantage of the pool and hot tub area.  My only problem was the wireless internet.  I appreciate that the hotel provides this for their guests, but it was way too slow.  I tried to make a dinner reservation on the Opentable website, but I ended up calling the restaurant before the website even loaded on my laptop.
4	Hilton has dived into the Condo/Timeshare business with their Grand Vacations Club properties. There are at least 4 in Las Vegas: These two near the Sahara on the north strip, the one on Karen behind the Las Vegas Hilton Casino and Hotel, and one near the Flamingo Hilton. They are planning to build at least 2 more towers near these 2 on the strip. There are 2 connected towers here, Tower one with 27 floors, and Tower 2 with 30 or more floors. They share a common lobby and other features. Half the people here are on a low cost weekend trip and have to listen to the 90 minute timeshare pitch. Other rooms are rented out to the public, and some are owned. Instead of paying $200 on weekdays and $400 on weekends for comparable hotel rooms at the main Casinos on the strip, I got $125 weekday and $152 weekend rates and no 90 minute sales pitch! Hilton Honors points, too!Of course, there is no casino here, and no fancy overblown restaurants or shows. There is a 24 hour deli, pools, full spa, sizeable excersize room and free guest laundry and free high speed internet. In the room you have a mini fridge, microwave, coffeemaker, cabinets and a small amount of place settings. For a working stiff like myself, it is nice not to have to walk 20 minutes through a Casino and Shopping Mall to get to my car everyday.  The property is only 3 years old, so it is nicely appointed and maintained. Service is friendly, with everyone saying hello. It is a better choice than Residence Inn and, Hilton Garden Inn and other similar business type hotels that often cost more and offer less. Next time you are going to Vegas, keep this place in mind as an alternative to high priced Casino Hotels on the Strip. Save money, rent a car, and eat at less expensive, unpretentious and more authentic places in town. And go to a quiet room at the end of the day without hearing slot machines chatter all night.
3	Stayed here 2 nts because the great deal we got to just come listen to the sales pitch of buying into the time share program.$99 for 2 nts which after listening to the spiel got $40 back in cash and a $25 food voucher (had to redeem at the Hilton off the Strip but could walk there pretty easily). We were there on a Sunday & Monday nt which I think helped with the bargain price.However, the room was a basic Hilton hotel room with a wet bar which included a mini fridge, microwave, toaster and coffee maker. It was very nice but nothing of a 'Wow!' factor.**Try to book your time to listen to the spiel as early as possible so you don't lose the whole day for doing other things.**The sales pitch wasn't too pressured for us as we were pretty set from the beginning not to buy in - though aspects were tempting to think about for a future date. We gave as little information up front as we could when questioned which prevented them from using it later on to reinforce how great a deal the time share ownership would be for us.1 helpful hint - you are screened ahead of time that you & your significant other at least have a combined income of $70, 000. HOWEVER, since you booked and attended the spiel, you can certainly have lost some of that income (i.e. "job") and your future is very unstable. ;-)Just be warned that it is a one-on-one pitch, you won't be with other possible buyers which of course makes it hard not to answer all the probing questions at the beginning.Also, the '2 hours' is an estimate as we found. It is that the actual presentation (all the facts & figures) will last between 90 & 120 minutes - IF however, you get off track with your salesperson and talk about other things it will last longer for sure!!Plus, they will always want to bring in their manager and the marketing person to talk to you too at the end to be sure the salesperson went over EVERYTHING with you.However, just stick to your guns if you aren't interested... hopefully you'll get out of there within 2 1/2 hrs as we did.Oh, there is a CVS just south of the Hotel so it is much cheaper to buy stuff there than at the in-house Market. Nothing made to order, but plenty of snack foods, drinks, etc...And yes, the pool is pretty shaded but depending on the time of day and how crowded, it is possible to lay in the sun. You may just have to move your chair around...
4	Only came here for the timeshare tour which I was sweet-talked into in exchange for a very cheap deal.  2 nights for $100 including a $25 meal coupon and $40 coupon for chips.  The timeshare tour was actually not bad.  (I've heard other places push much harder).  Staff was very friendly and presentation was very professional.I was given a studio in Tower 1 and slightly disappointed that they don't have the flat screen LCDs that are more common with the newer hotel rooms.  (Apparently the next 2 towers will have them)  The room itself was not much different from your avg hotel room except with a mini kitchen including a sink, refrigerator, and cupboards with dishes and cups.  Kind of like a cross between an extended stay type place and an avg hotel room.  Nice, but not as nice as a 1 bedroom suite I would imagine.The on-site amenities seemed to be decent although I didn't feel like wasting my limited time checking them out.The location itself is a bit far to walk to major casinos such as Bellagio or Palms so be prepared to have your own transportation or make use of the local taxis.If anyone is interested in Hilton's version of timeshares (which is not exactly the same as typical timeshares), you can hit up the website and probably get yourself the same deal to go listen to them:http://www.hiltongrandvacations.com/
4	We received a great deal in exchange for a 2 hour sales pitch (more on that later). I think a suite with one bedroom cost us $70 per night. It was a great deal for a Saturday night in Vegas! There was NO way we would turn that down. The entrance to the hotel was a bit confusing. Since they were still building the last two buildings, the parking garage was detached from the hotel. Guests can only enter with a room key. We had to wait for a guest to open the door for us since we didn't check in yet. Once we entered, we couldn't find the main lobby. There were no signs anywhere. We finally found it (due to the helpful hilton employee) and it was on the second floor. Checking in was a breeze. Sucks we didn't get free passes to clubs like the others. Maybe it's because we're not hotel owners. Once we arrived to our hotel room, we were in awe. We had our own suite with a kitchen, two tvs, spa tub, big bathroom, bedroom, and dining table. The kitchen even had dishes, fridge, microwave, dishwasher, etc. It was awesome! The bed was also very comfortable, unlike the hard beds at the other hotels. The hotel even had a great gym, activities room filled with a ping pong table and tvs, market with snacks and food, and a pool/spa. The only downside is the location of the hotel (pass the Wynn, right next to Circus Circus) and our two hour mandatory tour (we would've had to pay $300+/night if we didn't attend it). Our sales guy was weird. He asked us the most random questions and he stared at me like I had something coming out of my nose. Anyhoo, the tour began with a survey, video presentation, and tour of the rooms. He then tried to sell it to us for $45,000 plus property tax and maintenance fees. Um..no thanks. His manager then came in and tried to sell it to us for $14,000. We turned it down and our sales guy ripped the paper. Sorry, dude. We can't afford that right now.I would recommend this if you get a sweet deal for the room. They also give you coupons and cash back for attending the tour.
5	This review is only for the spa; sorry I can't comment on the property and stay at the Hilton.I had the chocolate and champagne massage while two of my friends had the aromatherapy massage.  All three of us were extremely pleased with our assigned masseuse and compared notes.  Each of our masseuses were very considerate and catered to our individual needs, problem areas and sensitivities.  The shower stalls did seem a bit small, but the toiletries were nice and smelled good and the robes were nice and plush.  The spa provided wonderful herbal teas and snacks as well as lots of lemon and mint water.  The best part of our appointment was Beverly, who was the assistant that prepared the teas and snacks and picked up in the lounge and shower areas.  She was super attentive and made sure our stay was relaxing and enjoyable!
5	What's not to love about this hotel?  Got a great rate on-line.  Check-in/check-out was a breeze.  The room was great - comfy bed, no issues with wireless internet, etc.  Room service was quick and the club sandwich was very tasty (glad there was a fridge for the leftovers).  Their gym ROCKS!  Got a great workout and there was plenty of equipment to choose from.  It is not connected to a casino, so no smoke, excess noise, crowded areas, etc.  That's why they got 5 stars from me.  Love their market at the bottom floor.  Groceries, deli and Starbucks - who could ask for more when you don't feel like leaving the hotel.  Overall staff service was excellent and I never had one person be rude or insincere the whole time I was there.  What a find!  Would gladly stay there again on my next work visit.
2	this place is too expensive to look and feel like a cheap motel no tell. the service was bad and still faraway from the convention center. the pool was smaller then my home pool!!!!!!  why would people stay here for the price when they could stay at a 5 star place????? got rolled
3	After sleeping in Wal-Mart parking lots for two nights straight, my two buddies and I were looking for a room to at least shower in. Preferably in a part of town where the shit in my car wouldn't get jacked. This place seemed nice enough and relatively close to the everything on the strip. After saying that I was the only one staying in the room, I paid the $110 for a nice room with a king size bed and a view of the stratosphere. Once we got liquored up, the walk to the casinos seemed fine. My friend lost his money, my other friend got lost, and I just  drank bad beer on the sidewalk. In the end, we would've enjoyed seedy, but sometimes sketchy isn't always the best. Especially when my car is filled with everything I own.
3	stayed here b/c the bf got a good deal and we needed a vacation haha...anyways this is on the north end of the strip but is walking distance to circus circus and slots o' fun ($2 blackjack!!!). also convenient is a free shuttle to and from the Wynn that leaves the hotel every 30 minutes until 9pm everyday. taking this shuttle def saves some cab fares, but if you do need to take a cab, there is cab line. there might not always be a line of cabs waiting but the valet people will call a taxi for you and it comes pretty fast. there's also a nice self-parking structure with in and out privileges if you don't want to valet. the rooms itself are fairly nice. i stayed in a 1-bedroom room complete with a full kitchen, pull out sofa, and king bed. the room is spacious and clean and is a perfectly good place to stay during a vegas trip. the amenities are also nice. the pool area is clean. there is a workout room, deli, market, and spa all for guests use. in addition, i took the advice of some yelpers and asked the concierge for some free club passes which they so nicely gave to me :)...they had passes for Tryst, Blush, The Bank, and LAX just to name a few. these passes dont bypass the lines but they will get you in for free which isnt bad. the bf and i did have to sit through the timeshare presentation but it wasnt too painful and they did give us some gambling cash at the flamingo for our efforts. dont think i'd stay here on a regular basis just b/c it's not exactly the best location on the strip, but for $100 it wasnt bad and i enjoyed my stay.
2	Stayed 5 nights 10/29-11/2 in a 1 bedroom suite.  We stayed here because we had booked rooms at the Monte Carlo (for almost double the rate) when I got a phone call and was offered a great rate plus comps in exchange for attending a 1.5 hour 'tour of the property'at the same time we were already going to be in Vegas.....cancelled Monte Carlo, hello Hilton!Pros:   -Great rate   -Comfy bed, lots of pillows   -Nice pool area   -Friendly, helpful staff (AT HOTEL, not on phone)   -Free parking with easy in and outs   -Easy taxi service, never waited more than 5 minutesCons:   -Just received a phone call questioning my eligibility for the special rate AFTER our stay.  I shut that woman down quick, what was she going to do?  Charge me full price AFTER we've left??  Ridiculous, rude and insulting.  -Lady who booked my reservation screwed up, had to spend total of 2.5 hours on the phone with these people to get what we needed (what we had originally worked out with the first lady)   -'Tour of the property' really means high pressure sales pitch.  They act as if you have come there because you already know you want to buy the timeshare (yeah right!)   -Room was nice, but I have stayed in much nicer suites, I also toured the penthouse, and it was nothing special...at ALLOverall, I enjoyed my stay and if I was my boyfriend (and didn't have to deal with these annoying, rude booking agents for hours of my life)  I would have given it at least 4 stars
2	Stayed 5 nights 10/29-11/2 in a 1 bedroom suite.  We stayed here because we had booked rooms at the Monte Carlo (for almost double the rate) when I got a phone call and was offered a great rate plus comps in exchange for attending a 1.5 hour 'tour of the property'at the same time we were already going to be in Vegas.....cancelled Monte Carlo, hello Hilton!Pros:  -Great rate  -Comfy bed, lots of pillows  -Nice pool area  -Friendly, helpful staff (AT HOTEL, not on phone)  -Free parking with easy in and outs  -Easy taxi service, never waited more than 5 minutesCons:  -Just received a phone call questioning my eligibility for the special rate AFTER our stay.  I shut that woman down quick, what was she going to do?  Charge me full price AFTER we've left??  Ridiculous, rude and insulting. -Lady who booked my reservation screwed up, had to spend total of 2.5 hours on the phone with these people to get what we needed (what we had originally worked out with the first lady)  -'Tour of the property' really means high pressure sales pitch.  They act as if you have come there because you already know you want to buy the timeshare (yeah right!)  -Room was nice, but I have stayed in much nicer suites, I also toured the penthouse, and it was nothing special...at ALLOverall, I enjoyed my stay and if I was my boyfriend (and didn't have to deal with these annoying, rude booking agents for hours of my life)  I would have given it at least 4 stars
5	After missing a flight and everything that can go has gone wrong we almost had it. The attendant Jonathan greet us with a smile which help cool us down. Checking us in with a long pause, in my head, my goodness not another thing today please... To my surprise he was working on upgrading us to one of their suite, free of charge! The suite was clean and awesome. In room jacuzzi, fully stocked kitchen with cookwares and everything else, even a laundry machine! -- We can stay here for a while, not that we have any intention of eating in, come on its Vegas LOL! Service was excellent and the maid does a fine job. All in all great customer service, clean and complete accommodation, what else can one ask for?
4	My first Hilton Grand Vacation resort was in Orlando - needless to say my expectations were set high.PARKING: The valets are surprisingly eye candy. Very professional and friendly and familiar with Vegas.LOCATION: The freeway access from Sahara is excellent - you don't have to go thru the hustle & bustle of the Strip if you don't want. The entrance is easily in and out - no fuss.  NOISE: Not once did I hear anyone walking down the halls or next door despite the hotel being full. The TV Bose system is heavy on the bass but it sounds incredible. OUR SUITE: Consistently Hilton. Clean, roomy and simple. Our entire family came to Vegas for Thanksgiving and my chef-mom was able to cook a full Thanksgiving meal in our kitchen - yeast rolls and all!SMELLS: Early in the AM's cig smoke is faintly present but I couldn't smell anyone's food while walking down the hall which I totally appreciate.AMENITIES: The gym is free and has a wide range of equipment and free weights. It rained so we didn't check out the pool but the en suite jacuzzi got the job done. The Marketplace is a bit high priced but convenient if you arrive late and need a quick bite to eat. The TV system in the room is complicated - 5 days later and I still have trouble turning on the TV.MY COMPLAINTS: This is our 6th year with HGV and we don't expect the heavy sales pitching since we upgraded several years ago - yet the salesmen were heavy on the pitch and stopped short of stalking our family to upgrade to the next level which would be penthouse! Bad economy I get - but calling both cell and room 6x in 10 mins is a little much.MY COMPLAINTS II: The front desk staff were brisk, unfriendly and not at all helpful. I hate them.NOTE: For some reason our Sprint/Nextell  and TMobile cell fones didn't work too well. My AT&T cell worked fine.
4	Ok, I giving it a 4 star for value and overall hotel qualities.  Only if you do the timeshare sales deal, and say NO!  It is then a value for sure.  Very nice 4 star type full one bedroom with two rooms.  The entrance is into a massive living room kitchen combo.  Has a full kitchen with all appliances and stocked with dishes for four.  Has in-room washer and dryer.  Large screen TVs in both the living room and bedroom.  Our room and a large spa/Jacuzzi also.  The bathroom is separate and very nice.  Marble counters and tiled shower.  It is a quality 4-star room. Front desk personnel were extremely nice and courteous.  We also had no problem ever getting a cab as the front bell person called one up which was waiting every time we needed one. Ok, here is the deal we got, which for Las Vegas for this quality is nothing short of "fantastic".  We got the 4 days/3nights for the one bedroom for $199.  You have to go on the 2 hour timeshare tour, but hey, it is worth it.  At the end of the tour, we got $100 voucher for real chips at the Las Vegas Hilton.  So, for a total of only $99, we got three nights in a pretty spiffy room.  That would be $33/night which is the best deal on the strip, for sure. At the end of the tour you have to say no to buying something 3 times.  Yes, its scuzy and the timeshare sales folks act and talk like they are from another planet.  What morons.  But, we just sat through it and smiled and said no. Somehow they throw all these "facts" at you, and then come up with a ridiculous price.  We were listening and all of a sudden, we were offered a unit in Orlando?  WTF?  Did I miss something here?  We decided they were trying to offload the units down there due to the economy.  When we asked how much a unit in Vegas is, the run around was hilarious.  Our sales lady had to get the "manager" who was some 28 year old punk with a book full of prices.  They kept telling us how special it was just to be able to quote something in Vegas (in reality, the 2nd Tower in this unit is only 12% sold out).  What BS from goonies.  It is the worst buy of real estate of all time if you purchase one from the developer.  If you are really interested, go to the timeshare resales sites and see the special $42,500 timeshares for sale by the owners (who were duped into buying at the presentations) for sale for $20,000 and sometimes less.  Amazing. Anyway, that's the deal. If you have a hankering to go to Las Vegas on the cheap, this is a great way to stay in a quality property.  Caution:  it is located on the far north strip.  Not walking distance to any of the major casinos (Venetian, Palazzo, Mirage, Mandalay Bay).  Need to take taxi or bus to all.
4	Hilton Grand Vacation is an excellent time share.  It has a full kitchen complete with appliances and dinnerware.  The King sized beds were very comfortable and the contemporary design was pleasing to the eye.  There is a living room with a flat panel tv and a pull out couch for your guests.  The seperate bedroom also had a flat panel tv and  has a large bathroom attached to it.  The rooms were very spacious and well lit.  Room service was prompt and accomodating.  The only down fall for this Hilton is the location.. It's located on the end of the strip towards Circus Circus.  It costs about $10-$15 to take a cab towards the middle of the strip.
1	Well my friend was invited here to go through one of those sales pitches about the resort and everything. The room was tidy when we arrived but their were were some flaws already. First the batroom's doors didn't lock so there could be an accident if someone wasn't paying attention.  Second I slept on the couch which we pulled out the bed within and it looked dirty like they needed to wash it or vacuum the thing. When we requested sheets for it I was expecting them to make the bed for me but just gave me the sheets to do it myself.  That was an instant turn-off. Well I put the sheets on wrong but I just said for it because I didn't want the sheet to eventually touch me. That pull out bed was quite firm and actually my sleep was very good on it. After coming back into the room from being out all day the bed was made and so was the pull-out.  So I assume they used new sheets but after what happened afterwards well I think those sheets weren't fresh afterall or they were laced with bedbugs or something. I was super tired and my feet needed a soaking so I ran water in the tub in the room and eventually soaked my feet. Upon drying up and walking into the living room I would call it I hoped into the bed and started watching T.V. after awhile I started to noticed my legs getting these tiny bumps and they weren't goose bumps and started to feel this itch arise. My skin turned all red. it felt like scales. I looked for bed bugs immediately and I didn't see any but can you see it with a naked eye? By the next day I was feeling not so good at all and my leg felt it. By having this experience I would not recommend this place for any sort of vacation. In their sales pitch they didn't even bother showing my friend around to show off all the ammenities it offered. Well anyhow their loss and anybody who values their health maybe will not go here. Please cleanup your act and steam the place to kill off any dirty things lurking in your sheets.
4	The Hilton Grand Vacations is a gorgeous hotel/time-share and is located on the Wynne end of the strip. The rooms are very nicely put together, with refrigerator, microwave, kitchen supplies and everything else you  need for a weekend/week/month or lifetime really. There is no restaurant in the hotel, which I found kind of annoying (I know its Vegas and there is food everywhere, but still), but there is a Market down stairs that has everything from boxes of cereal to breakfast sandwiches in the morning. There is also a poolside grill, which serves the basic stuff there and closes at 5pm I think. As for the location of the hotel, I kind of wish the hotel were located about half a mile closer to all the big hotels/casinos because this hotel doesn't have a casino in it either. You can obviously walk to it all but its kind of a ways and I think part of the glam of Vegas is being able to walk out of your door and lose your money right away. Parking is ample because of the parking garage and is 8 dollars a day. If you feel like valeting its 13. There's also a nice little gym downstairs with a room that has ping pong and pool. I do recommend you eat at Capriotti's, a sandwich place right around the corner, if you do stay here.
5	We traded our timeshare week in South Africa for a week at the HGVC, as they call it.  We have absolutely no complaints as the whole experience was excellent.  The staff was courteous, helpful, and had a positive attitude throughout our visit during the very busy spring break week.  We had a lockout unit which consisted of a one bedroom with king and kitchenette and a studio with another bedroom with king, jacuzzi whirlpool tub, full kitchen, dining area, and three tv's.  For a week we settled into this comfortable apartment and found it to be nicely appointed.As a timeshare owner there is no charge for parking, saving the $8 per day charge.  The pool area was large,with two pools and three four hot tubs.  Because the place was pretty busy, by noon all the lounges were covered with towels, sandals, and shirts, making it impossible to find one to sit on, so we improvised with chairs.Because we were with our 11 year old child we prepared many of our meals in the unit.  All the appliances worked perfectly and all of the necessary utensils and plates were at hand.  We even had a small washer dryer and the Hilton provided dish soap, dish washer soap, and laundry soap whenever needed.The bathrooms were clean and large.  Towels are plush and large too.A lot of people complained about the distance from the central part of the strip.  There are $3 one way double decker buses that stop right in front on a very regular basis that can take you anywhere on the strip you wish to go.  This is much less expensive than a cab.I would highly recommend this property as a timeshare exchange or hotel stay.  They're rates are reasonable and the place is excellent!
3	I can't complain about the Hotel, especially since it was free for me, but ...We had a classic 40" Tube TV that stuck out like 4 feet from the wall, the pool is a beacon for the old, hairy, and the kids, and is like a mile from the heart of the strip.At least they have a decent convenience store at the first floor and a 24hr gym, pool tables, and ping pong table if you're not headed out.
4	I have never gone wrong with the Hilton family, so this was another satisfying stay.  This wasn't my normal big girls trip, so I wasn't too concerned with where I stayed.  I had my car with me which was a big factor; if I didn't, this location would not be ideal.The hotel itself is very nice, and I liked the room.  Our front desk staff was very professional and accommodating.  They are doing construction, so there were partitions up from the garage to the hotel.  One complaint I have is the walk to and from the garage.  I wish it was enclosed and air conditioned.  115 degree heat in your face is no joke.  The parking garage is secured at the gate, which made me feel safer.  Self parking is 8.00 a day.  Internet was pleasantly free.Check out was 10 am, which I was not aware of until I woke up at 11 am.  I just assumed it would be noon like other places.. nobody bothered us and we did express check out, so it went unnoticed.  I just feel that checkout at a VEGAS hotel especially on a sunday morning should not be before noon!
5	Stayed here because my company couldn't get me into the Paris over the weekend, and boy and I glad!  They put us in a 1 bedroom condo room - it was HUGE and AMAZING, I didn't want to leave, I wanted to live here.  To the left was a large bathroom with a tub and a stand up shower.  To the right is a full kitchen complete with plates, glasswear, utensils, even pots and pans and a tea kettle.  In front was a nice sitting room with pull out couch and balcony view of the strip.  Across from the sitting room (connected to the bathroom) was the actual separate bedroom with a door closing it off from the sitting room.  This room was huge, maybe 12x12.  It had a TV inside, AND a full size whirlpool tub.  In the BEDROOM!They left a note inside the room saying to visit the front desk for a free gift.  So I went downstairs and they tried to have me visit the sales center and afterward I'd get a free coupon book or something, but I politely declined, and they were really nice about it.If you can shell out the dough and have 2 couples, definitely stay here and ask for at least a 1 bedroom condo.  It would easily sleep 4 people (2 in the bedroom, 2 on the couch).Downstairs they had a workout room (free with stay), a business center, a game room with a huge TV, and they had a nice little shop down there that had snacks and even frozen dinners, and ingredients to make actual meals, like flour and sugar.It's a little north on the strip, If you want to walk to the main part of the strip, you have to walk south and through the sketchy part of the strip, but it's a pretty good location.  The monorail is across the street at the Sahara (i think).
3	Very nice and new hotel.  It is a bit away from the strip, so either bring a good pair of walking shoes, or extra money for cab fare. However, being a little distance from the strip can be a good thing, because it's quiet.  For the price, I would stay there again.
5	We own a little piece of this paradise and I'm really glad we decide on it. This was the first time staying here. Last year we had to stay at the Las Vegas hilton timeshare due to this one being rented for the days we could stay. Everything about this place is first class. The  room is gorgeous, the kitchen a decent size, and the staff is very helpful. The hotel/timeshare is on the north end of the strip which is fine if you need some quiet. We had a room at the very end of the floor which is better becasue you can't hear all the party people when you want to sleep. We rented a car because parking is free for owners and it is free to park everywhere else in Vegas. A car rental these days can be had for $20-25 per day and it's beeter than waiting for cabs. I must say I cannot wait to stay there again. This is definitely the place to stay.
3	I called Hilton Honors on the way into town, and asked for them to set me up in a room in town.  I was surprised that this was the place they chose since it is apparently a timeshare.  Some things to be aware of to make your stay a little bit easier:-  This hotel is situated right next door to another Hilton hotel.  It is very easy to mistake the one for the other as I did.  The difference is that this hotel is much smaller and quieter which can be a plus.-  The elevator requires key access after 10pm, and it is not always good about recognizing your key.  It took me about 10 minutes to make it to the top floor when I arrived.  -  The wireless internet requires a password which was not provided to me at checkin.  I eventually found out that it was "eaglesnest" which provided some confusion initially.  Over all the room was nice, but some of the oddities of staying here made it slightly less than desirable.  But the rates were unbelievably low at $79/night, so there isn't that much to complain about.3.5 stars
4	ProsStayed here as a time-share through RCI. Had a one bedroom suite.-Price can't be beat for such a nice place-Not too huge-Friendly, helpful staff-Walking distance to The Peppermill (one of my favorite places in Vegas for good eats for a reasonable price) Open all night!-Next to pharmacy-Great pools-Business Center-Nice size rooms with kitchen and den. -Very clean and comfortable-Plenty of cabs available (about $10 for ride to south end where all of the popular spots are located) It was worth it being away from the gaudiness of Vegas.-Wireless access-All the comforts of home....but in Vegas.-Smaller and quieter is definitely a plus in Vegas!-Poolside Tropical grill & barCons-The Pantry (shop). Very overpriced!-Small gym-Located at north end of the strip, so plan on allotting money for cab fare. Too far to walk to get to the main strip. Vegas blocks are VERY long! You can catch a shuttle from the Wynn Hotel (very close)
5	I LOVE this place! So much that I don't want to tell you about it! But, if you come to Las Vegas to get away, watch the people, take in some shows, stroll the strip, and avoid staying at a casino, this is THE PLACE for you. Considering that most places on the strip have free parking, you don't really need to stay in the middle of the action unless you plan on being the life of the party (in which case, this isn't the place for you). Great amenities, beautiful setting, amazing room. Enjoyed the jacuzzi tub and gourmet kitchen (once we saw that, we HAD to cook!!). Even got some last minute food items from the Marketplace (convenient, if expensive). We went during the holidays and they had lovely decorations. I remember the bellman to this day because he was THAT nice. Couldnt use the pool because it was NOT warm while I was there, but I had such a nice time I didn't care. I'm ruined. Can't stay ANYWHERE else on the strip now :) Oh, if you are okay with heights, stay on a high floor facing the strip. The view is awesome!One thing: if you aren't a member, you have to pay for parking ($8/day last time I checked)... but I got a really good non-member rate...so it evened out.
4	I was really surprised at what a great hotel this is. I found a great deal on a room here on a recent trip to Vegas. The rooms are spectacular, you can fit a whole family comfortably. You have all the amenities you can think of. Ok, so it ISN'T a traditional Vegas hotel/casino. There is no gambling on site, you don't get that awful smoke stench the minute you walk in or all over your clothes. What it is though is a great hotel to stay in and relax especially if you are there on business. Pros-Clean-All the amenities you can think of, fully stocked kitchen (with tools), fridge, stove, microwave, toaster, coffee pot, dishwasher, washer and dryer. - check out my pics :)-shower and HUGE TUB, makes for a great bubble bath-full living room with TV, DVD player, mp3 hookups and Bose speakers-dinning table-large bed area with TV-HUGE bathroom with shower and a huge sink-Family room-Gym-Spa-Pool and Jacuzzi-7-11 like store in lower levelCons-Sorta off the strip, going towards the cruddy end of the strip-It doesn't feel like Vegas-NO CASINO=NO GAMBLING-Pool leaves much to be desired-7-11 like store in lower level is over priced-Room service is limited-You have to check in at the parking booth each time you enter because they have to check your parking pass. This can get annoying if you drive in and out a lot during your stay.
2	Quick Update - Thanksgiving 2009PENTHOUSE SWEET - Not really. Penthouse Suite only means your room has huge bay windows. Hah. I'm dead serious.SERVICE - Same same. Rude and dismissive at the front desk. VALET - There's an $8 charge for self parking!!? Whatevs. This year I couldn't afford the $13 valet service so - bleh.ROOM - Pseudo clean. Carpet was filthy and something kept biting me in the bed. No one else complained of bites so my blood must've been sweet and fulfilling for the bed bugs. This year I suffered terribly from sinus probs. Cig smoke would waft into the room in the AM and clog my nose. Bleh.The sliding door to the bathroom NEVER locks, not even in the Orlando location. I think it's a safety issue.We'll be back next year.
4	I stayed at the HGVC this past week and had a wonderful time. We stayed in a one bedroom suite that was huge and provided us with every comfort of home! The kitchen was fabulously stocked and we were able to get groceries near by to avoid paying the extreme-o restaurant prices. The bathroom was huge and they provide Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries which were much nicer than the usual no-name treats. We were asked if we wanted a flat screen tv in our room or a jacuzzi tub and while we chose the flat screen, our bedroom still had a giant tub in it. The bed was very comfortable and while I found it a little short for me, it might have been for the 18 pillows at the head of the bed.As for the distance away from the strip, it took us approx 45 minutes to walk to the centre (ie Wild Bill's). They're doing construction across the street and so while the area might not be the prettiest, it's a short walk to get to the excitement. There are also multiple bus stops available right outside of the hotel where you can go down the strip or go get groceries. I would suggest buying your bus pass through one of the machines at the Slots A Fun stop, as a 3 day pass will cost much less than what you would pay daily. There's also the monorail train across the street at the Sahara.I would definitely recommend staying here if you want a wonderful suite and a break from smoke, dinging bells, and constant people. we had a fabulous time and will definitely be back!
2	I'm now a Hilton veteran and have stayed in dozens of their hotels, including some of their higher end properties.  I came to this GVC with high expectations, but was promptly let down.  Before I list the "amenities," I want to advise people that many of the reviews here are discussing the HGVC on Karen Ave, which is across a parking lot from the Las Vegas Hilton.  YES, that hotel has a small gym; yes, that hotel is across from another Hilton; NO, this hotel is neither of those.Things I appreciated:  Big, clean room; separate bedroom; Tower 2 (newer, taller tower) has nice, modern appointments; TRIPLE HHonors POINTS!!!; ample parking (fee waived due to length of stay); great gym for a hotel; game room; on-site convenience store; on strip but still quiet.Things that disappointed:  as someone else said, $8/day self-parking?  It was waived b/c I stayed 11 days, but that's still ridiculous for anyone else considering the casinos allow free parking; extremely poor service/attention from staff - more in a minute on that; over-priced convenience store; tower 1 (older, shorter tower) is quite dated and uncomfortable + non-smoking floor reeked of smoke.I could have lived w/ the above, but then I had a major issue w/ the staff, eventually involving the manager who did very little other than call and make sure I was "OK" in my room.  Short of it - they pre-charged my card for the entire amount which was contravening to the hotel's policy and then said they couldn't finalize the refund w/o my bank's intervention.  Their internet didn't work so instead of fixing it, they CHARGED me for an ethernet cable, even after the huge debit from my account.  They put me in a really warn-down room in Tower 1 and my request to change rooms was ignored by the front desk until I asked for and spoke w/ the manager.  They still over-billed me in the end, and neglected to issue the promised triple points to my account, citing a "rule" that I still have not found.This was a terrible hotel experience, all due to service, and I'd completely recommend against the hotel if not for its convenience and comfort.
4	i liked this place..very nice and clean.  the place i stayed in was the one bedroom, one bath, living room, and kitchen.  it was very roomy and the bed was comfy.  oh and free wireless in the room!the only thing that bugged me was the tv in both the living room and bedroom.  the audio was so off..it was like watching  an old asian movie with english voice overs.  the location of this place isnt too bad...but for most people who want to experience the "Vegas" trip wouldnt like staying here cuz there's no casino downstairs and its hard to get a taxi.  i didnt like how the parking structure was  quite a walk outside..and when i was here...it was freezing!overall...good place to stay if you dont mind walking far to a casino or driving.  oh and the service here was awsome!  very friendly/funny and very helpful staff..so yay! i'm a fan.
4	Great for a Hilton and hotel in general but for Vegas, I wouldn't recommend staying here. It is at the very north end of the strip, so about 1.5 miles from the Palazzo, 3 miles from Caesar's and Bellagio, 4 from NY NY and MGM Grand. When you have to basically cab it or take a bus everywhere when the traffic itself is as bad as Vegas' is, I can't recommend it!However, the hotel itself is very nice. I don't know what happened with J B's visit, but we had none of those same problems. Wi-fi worked great, no smoke smell (and we were in Tower 1), the pool was nice (though lacking in total sun which as a sun lover bummed me out), nice gym, friendly staff and helpful concierge. We had a studio which is plenty big for 2 people and includes a microwave and fridge. Overall I would recommend if your a Grand Vacations member since it's a great deal, but if you're just looking for a place to stay in Vegas, I would stay somewhere farther south on Vegas Blvd!
4	I would definitely stay here again.I'm the sort of Vegas traveler who views his hotel as both a spring board and a returning sanctuary.  For this reason, I want some place near, without being in, the thick of things.  A place without a casino on site is also key.  The Four Seasons is my usual choice, but during a busy time like a three day weekend, it's just a bit too cost prohibitive.  The Hilton Grand was about a third of the price and definitely not a third of the service/amenities.None of those amenities stood out; everything was pretty par for the course (although a couple of my friends mentioned that the beds were comfortable:  as if I recall sleeping?!).  But what tipped this into the four star category was the service, which was definitely of the quality I encounter at the Four Seasons.  Maybe it was because I booked multiple rooms for multiple nights, but everyone in my party was treated VERY well.  As in Visiting Dignitary well.  As in "yes that's Lindsay Lohan using me as a shield to avoid the paparazzi" well. So if you're looking for a place where you can get comped because you gamble a lot, then look elsewhere.  But if you want a fairly nice property with excellent service, and VERY reasonable rates, this is the place.
4	The hotel itself was great, but I'm not sure I'd stay here again and here's why: LOCATION.This hotel is in the middle of a dead zone. It's surrounded by construction, and the closest casinos are Circus Circus and Sahara, which are both cool, but very old casinos.If you want to get to one of the real casinos (Wynn, Venetian, etc.) it's a $20 cab ride round trip. Which, hey, whatever, but it'd be nice to walk somewhere, ANYWHERE.On the OTHER hand, if you DON'T want to be in the middle of it all and prefer a quiet uncrowded hotel, kid-friendly where you can get in the pool without bumping shoulders with everyone around you, this is it.Speaking of the pool... OK, I shouldn't complain because I saw pools at other hotels and they were disgustingly overcrowded. No chairs to lay down anywhere, a billion people in the water.. just looking like a whole lot of NO FUN. So my only real complaint about the pool here is that there are SO many palm trees. As in, if you want to lay out and get a tan, you have to move every 15 minutes or so, so that you don't end up in the shade. And it's pretty hard to get a chair in the sun because of this. So if you plan on sitting out by the pool tanning while you're here... get out there super early and sit on the back decks away from the pool and the palm trees otherwise you'll be screwed.Alright, enough negativity, because as you noticed, I'm dishing out four stars and here's why: COMFORT.This hotel is uncrowded, super clean, and comfortable. All of the rooms have a refrigerator, microwave, sink, and utensils (wine glasses, plates, bowls, forks, etc.). The bigger rooms even have washers and dryers. If you don't get a big room, there's a FREE laundry room downstairs by the pool. We were there on an unexpected extended stay so the laundry machines were a real savior. It's also super kid-friendly as I noticed. There's a rec room with a pool table, TV, computers and other games. Around 1am, you'd see all the kids hanging out down there while the parents are out gambling. Not the worst environment, really. I can't see letting your kids hang out by themselves in one of the bigger hotels.And there's a pool bar, and all that. Just overall a pretty comfortable place to stay. If you don't want to be by all the big casinos and prefer to just take cabs, then this place is great and affordable. And I think they do time-share so if you look into it you can probably get a free room.
3	Road Trip to Vegas Checklist:Gas - checkClothes - checkSnacks - checkHotel Reservations - check Thought we were ALL ready and prepared until we realized there are THREE (soon to be four) of Hilton hotels in Las Vegas.  (cue: banging head on steering wheel)I call 4-1-1 to connect me and of course the same operator answers ALL four hotel phones.  I think I'm being smart by specifying, "We are at the GRAND VACATION not the HOTEL...not the place that has Barry Manilow plastered everywhere."She tells me we are at the Flamingo.  Naively I believe her and we pull of turning around and head the other way on the strip.  Unload our luggage and wait in line to check in.  Finally when we get up there the guy pulls up my name and exclaims, "Ohhhhhh, you are at our NEWER facility."  (cue: death stare and flared nostrils)  "What do you mean?!"  He pulls out a map and draws the route BACK up the strip.I think you get the moral of this story.  Make sure you know exactly *which* Hilton prior to travels.  Otherwise, brace yourself for major frustration.Once we got there the hotel was fine.  Clean. Quiet and overlooking the half built hotel "Fontaine Bleu" that apparently went bankrupt half way during construction.
5	Love Hilton!Stayed here a couple times and my group and I always get great service! I love the comfy bed and pillows. The kitchen and bathroom are huge. Our room came with a washer and dryer which was great, no dirty clothes to pack going home.One of the main high light of this Hilton is that even though its on the strip, this hotel does not have casino. Therefore quite and no smoke!
4	Not the best location, but close enough to everything with a cab ride.Stayed here this past weekend since friend's got a timeshare.  Our spot had a 2 bedroom condo with a living room and bathroom.  All basic amenities are included including a washing/dryer unit.  One LCD TV in the living room with old school big TVs in the bedrooms.  Bed is pretty comfy and there's 2 big bathrooms.  Overall, not bad, especially because there's so much room.It's past Circus Circus so it's a bit of a walk to the main part of the strip starting at Encore.  We ended up cabbing or driving to most places.  No real restaurant on the property so that was a downer since even if we wanted a bite we had to drive.  There's a small quick cafe downstairs with overpriced food and a 24/7 fitness center with is a great amenity.Parking garage is quite annoying since the bottom levels are all reserved for valet.  Valet is $13/day and parking is $8 unless you get a parking pass.  Another annoying point since most hotels/casinos in vegas are free valet/parking.
4	Great place to stay because there is no casino...so that means no noise and smoke!!  Nice pool area, very comfy rooms with everything you would need to eat in, free laundry, game room, fitness center.It's a Resort--not a hotel.  Our friends bought the timeshare package so we might be coming back for even cheaper!! haha
4	This place is great!  The staff is polite, friendly, and extremely helpful.  I would say that the best thing is the large size of the rooms... Seriously, we had a two bedroom suite that was super spacious for me and all of my guests... Best weekend ever.
5	I like this hotel even though it is near the end of the strip.  I came into this hotel and was greeting very nicely.  I was surprised it has no casino but was told because it is a time share.   I then went up to the room. The room was nice and clean. The bed was very comfortable. I went into the strip in the afternoon and came back late. I entered the hotel showing my key. The 1st thing I noticed was 1. No smell of smoke 2.  No noise which was very nice.    I think this is then only hotel on the Las Vegas Strip that I have stayed at that I have not woking up to noise in the middle of the night.. This is one of the hotels I would stay at again. Very nice. 2 thumbs up. or black jack in vegas terms.
4	Wonderful hotel, makes you feel just like home. The entrance is mediocre compared to most Vegas hotels. There is a store/deli on ground level, along with a fully equipped workout room that was only acquainted with my eyes. My only complaint, and it's a huge one, is that the salespeople who want to sell you "a piece of the Vegas strip" will keep CALLING AND CALLING AND CALLING.  You CAN'T adjust the ringers in the rooms to be silent.  It's still a faint, annoying cryJUST A NOTE FOR YOU TANNERS!!!:  The pool area is nice, but be forewarned that if you're out there for some sun and tanning, the position and shadow of the hotel, makes for only half the pool area being a direct area for some rays, causing people to shift and most people on one side of the pool in the morning, and other side in the afternoon. As for the rest of the review, don't worry about bringing any dishes, dish washing soap, detergent and what not.  They have it all available to you!  You can do laundry, wash your pre-game cups, and make a meal all in your very own suite.  Make sure to call maid service everyday to take out your trash, as they won't come unless you ask!  Note to the gamers... there is not casino located at this hotel!
3	Stayed at this hotel for business. The hotel is ok. Its clean and I like that it doesnt smell like smoke, like the other hotel/casino's. Plus since my company paid for the hotel, it made it even better. The bathroom was clean, sheets were soft, bed was pretty comfy, and there was a lil kitchen area. There is a gym below the lobby which is free. I didn't get a chance to look at the pool. Its pretty decent but I still prefer Platinum Hotel and Spa.
2	Most of my issues with this place has to do with the time share vultures involved in my booking.  My wife had to cancel her flight out so I was staying here solo after a work visit.  Because of that, the time share folks gave me a huge hassle.  They made me call the corporate number to inform them on the situation and this took well over an hour of sitting on hold.  Why they couldn't do this themselves I do not understand.  And the reason I had to do that was because both the husband and wife are REQUIRED to attend a time share presentation in order to get the special rate that was negotiated.  I'm sure this wasn't the 1st time a spouse was not able to attend so why the huge hassle for me.  Just charge me the standard rate and let me go on with my life.And by the way the standard rate is a rip off.  I wound up paying over $120 per night and for that money you could stay at much nicer places in Vegas.Pros:My room had a refrigerator, microwave, and dishes/utensils.Decent fitness club at no extra charge.Nice bar at the pool.Cons:Might be the only place on the strip that actually charges for parking.Room was very small with boring decor.Pool was terribly overcrowded. Had to get there extremely early to get a spot that actually gets full sunlight (Too many trees and shade).DISCLAIMER: There is no casino at this property.
4	Very nice.  No casino, so no smoke smell problem.  AND, no noise problems from the casino traffic that we saw in other hotels.  PACKAGE: We got a package deal through the Hilton Hotels that included airline tickets.  It wasn't bad in comparison to the other package deals.  ROOMS:  The rooms were clean and equipped with a full kitchen, washer and dryer.  We asked for a floor high, and they put us on the 25th floor.  I highly recommend doing that, to be away from the traffic noise.  POOL:  There was a pool, but we went early in the mornng to get away from all the kids that took over the pools. WALKING DISTANCE: We were in walking distance to very few hotels in the 105+ degree heat, so we took a cab everywhere, unless we went out early early in the mornings.  STAY THERE AGAIN?: Yes, I have stayed at other Las Vegas hotels, and would recommend this one because it did not have a casino in it.  Therefore, it was quiet and free of that casino smoke smell.  I loved having the washer and dryer in the room.  We never used the hot tub jaccuzzi in the room, though it would have been fun.
2	On the positive side, it was a free stay, as they were trying to woo our business for this club.  Nice hotel and the far end of the strip, great pool area and bar, clean and pretty.  Good business facility.  Nothing smelled like old smoke.On the negative, far end of the strip.  Decent stretch to get to anything.  Cabs are your friend there.  Then add that we had a VERY negative experience with the club, getting sold a bill of goods that didn't turn out to be accurate.  When confronting them, it took several months to get back our investment. They did give it back.Buyer beware, though.  When promised stays in "any Hilton" they mean only their Grand Vacation locations.  We'd told 'em we didn't dig beach locations (we live in California, with great beaches within a 30 minute drive).  That's largely what they have.  Beach locations.  There's a few others, but not enough for us to justify.It was a nice hotel stay, regardless, and the walks were good exercise.
2	READ THIS BEFORE YOU BUY!A few years ago, we bought a timeshare at this location...it seemed like a good idea at the time. Wow, were we wrong. Thankfully, we were fortunate that we were able to buy it with cash and without the insanely high mortgage rate.We just went back to stay and have serious buyers remorse. When they were trying to get us to buy, we had a nice big room upgrade. When we stayed as owners, we got a tiny little standard hotel room. After our first day, we returned to our room after being out for the day and realized that our room had not been cleaned and the towels (only two provided) were not replaced. So, we called the desk to ask why and learned that if we wanted maid service that we had to pay for it. Additionally, just to book the room, it costs something like $79.AND the very worst part is the annual maintenance fee, tax fee, HOA fee...whatever they call it is $645. (We just had to pay this)For the cost of this "free lifetime vacation", you could very easily stay at the Four Seasons or the Ritz for the same cost or cheaper.On a positive note, its a nice property, no casino and no smoke.
2	I originally purchased ownership at this location in 2005. Back then, when an Owner booked a room here, they were given a "Welcome Gift" upon check-in that included things like a travel size toothpaste, a ladies razor, mints, floss, coupons for shopping and dining and sometimes even a hat. Also included was a 10% discount for the Marketplace located on the 1st floor, which comes in handy if you forgot something or wanted to pick up a quick sandwich instead of going out to eat since there is nothing really close by if you're in a hurry.Now your "Welcome Gift" consists of some coupons for dining at the Las Vegas Hilton, coupons for the Harrah's properties, shopping discounts for Macy's, a discount or free appetizer (I can't remember) for Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville and Planet Hollywood Restaurant. None of which were of any use to me. Toothpaste, I can always use. Also no longer offered? Any sort of discount at the ONLY place inside the property to get food, drinks, etc. Zip. Zilch. Nada. Really? I've dumped THOUSANDS of dollars into this place already and I can't even get a measly 10% off of a deli sandwich after a 5-hour drive to get here? Are you f'ing kidding me?Also, if I tell the Agent when I book the reservation that I don't want to attend a presentation during my stay, I expect NOT to be asked repeatedly to attend. Three "No's" during the initial conversation, coupled with three "No's" when I checked in, compounded by another two "No's" after checking in when an Agent called my room is not acceptable. NO means NO.When I get inside the room, I feel at home. I wish my apartment was this nice, but the aggravation that goes along with "ownership" is beyond annoying. I'm now debating selling.
4	Very nice hotel!  This place gets a one star "ding" for the location, lack of Casino and they promised that our Timeshare presentation would only take an hour (took more like 2).  I'm a Hilton owner already, but we took advantage of a promotion.  Regarding the location, this area may spice up a bit when the Casino across the street opens... which was scheduled to open Spring of 2009? It's a good 7 minute walk to get to the closest casinos which are Sahara and Circus Circus.  That translates into being quite cut off from all the action of the strip.  As for the property itself, to me the little things matter :-kohl sinks-cuisinart coffee maker wi Starbucks coffee-granite countertops-quality tile flooring in suite and baths-large soaking tub-comfortable beds...
5	Had a great new years here with the family and kids. They have friendly employs and it's clean! I loved it!
3	Location isn't so great, but the hotel is extremely clean and comfortable. If you want something out of the mix, a good choice.
5	Great hotel. Staff was friendly and helpful. Clean. Beautiful. Not too far but not too close to all the glamor on the strip. **FYI..if the valet guy tells you that daily valet is free (although the sign says $16 a day or whatever the amount was)..dont be so curious about whats right/wrong that you go to the front desk and find out that the guy was giving you free valet and you messed it up by going to the front desk! LOL! We spent Christmas here. We booked time share rooms in November (just one month early) and stayed 12/23-26. On top of booking just one month in advance we added one more room 2days before arriving with no problem.We had a whole trunk full of Christmas gifts and backseat full of suit cases..the staff never complained. Our group got separated and one of us going back to the room didnt have the key, we had to get a new one at the front..they never frowned. Very pleasant stay. The Jacuzzi tub next to the bed in plain sight of the tv. was WONDERFUL. (tip..no bubble bath soap in room and deli/store didnt carry any. I bought baby soap from the deli store but my plans were crushed when the bubbles didnt foam. I was very soft after my bath though ;) Pros: Not in the middle of the strip where there is a lot of noise. No Casino in the lobby which is refreshing since they are every where..even in the Albertsons grocery store we saw slot machines occupied! geesh FULL KITCHEN! Full dining table! (i made banana bread and a full dinner). I loved that they had so many mixing bowls,spoons and every utensil/dish I could think of for baking,bottle opening and serving!Spa services on premises and free children activities during our stay. Starbucks and deli store for most of our needs. Nice size gym that we never used! Close enough that we walked to Circus Circus and the Adventure dome which was one of the main places on our list for this trip.Cons: Check out is 10am which is too early. I know we cant stay forever but goodness. I asked for late checkout and was granted 11am. Starbucks didnt have frappuccino's on their menu. Thats all I wanted! I was very saddened when my hopes were up seeing the Starbucks sign/logo and not seeing a full menu selection Self park was always full, we had to park on level 6 most of the time and its not attached to the hotel so you have to walk a good distance (it was cold at the time) so that was unpleasant for me.I have to admit that because of the kids I enjoyed this hotel,its location and quietness. But once we go back to party without kids, we already looked into booking the Cosmopolitan further down the strip.
5	I really love this chain of hotels. We have a time share and have been able to take advantage of all the fabulous things that the Hilton has to offer. The staff is attentive and courteous and were helpful with all of the questions about shows, theater seating, restaurants, etc. They were even able to help us out with some discounts to Cirque shows. Also, there is the wonderful little "Welcome Package" that you can pick up when you check in. It's full of coupons and helpful info for local places (the Market place, Macy's). There is a small grocery area/coffee shop/pizza place/deli on the first floor. It is open 24 hours, which is great when you get back late from being out on the town and just want a snack. The fitness center is one of the better ones that I've seen at any hotel, with a good selection of machines and enough of them that you don't ever have to wait. The guest lounge has some activities to enjoy when you are too tired to go out, but still want to do something fun. You can play foozball, ping pong or billiards.There is a beautiful outdoor pool, with 2 or 3 hot tubs around it. It closes at 8, which is kind of a bummer. After walking all the way down the Strip to MGM, the idea of soaking in a hot tub was all I could think about! Ultra disappointed that it closed so early. Luckily, there was a Jacuzzi tub in the room!The rooms/suites are set up like efficiencies or apartments. There is a small dining area, kitchen/ette and living room area. It's a great layout, especially if you have several people staying, as there is a enough room to spread out and get a little privacy from time to time.Some might complain about the lack of casino or the distance from the main part of the Strip, but this place is more like refuge from that hustle and bustle. It close enough to everything that you can have a great walk and be there in a decent amount of time, but far enough away that you can retreat from the drunken crowds and smoke. The Monorail is just across the street in the Sahara or there is a bus stop not  far down the street. They are both really easy to use and get you to almost anywhere on the strip in 10-15 minutes...or less!I would definitely come back again!
3	The BF and I came here on a Vegas vacation because he received a special deal if we listened to the timeshare spiel.  It was cheap, and we were going to be here anyways with friends, so decided to check it out.We parked in the garage, and walked along a small path to the hotel itself.  The lobby area was slightly confusing at first; we entered in on the bottom floor, which had a small convenience/sundry store as well as the workout room and the pool entrance. We went up one flight of stairs and that took us to the check in desk.  We checked in easily and went up to our room.  The first thing we noticed was that we could easily hear through the walls the tv in the adjacent room.  We called downstairs and they found us another room on a higher floor (that was less crowded).  We waited for the bellhop to arrive with the keys for our new room, which didn't take that long.The room was a nice, standard room. Do not expect any of the fancy finishing touches that other four or five star hotels in the area will have.  Since this is a timeshare location, all the rooms have doors that connect it to the rooms next door. This allows the hotel to configure the rooms into one, two or three bedroom suites as requested.  I know that adjoining doors are common in hotel rooms, but I don't really care for them because I do tend to get paranoid that someone might manage to get in.  The pool area is actually quite small considering the size of the hotel itself.  There was not a lot of space for people to sit and hang out.  Considering that they are trying to market these timeshares to families, I hope that this is something they intend to remedy in the future.I won't be going into any detail regarding the timeshare presentation because it doesn't have anything to do with the hotel itself.Although I was not impressed with the rooms (I guess I've become jaded and spoiled when it comes to Vegas rooms), the staff were nice and friendly.
2	Here's why I wasn't impressed with this location:Besides it not being centrally located or having a casino, the walls are paper-thin.  I heard traffic from the hallway and Las Vegas Blvd. off-and-on all night (if you do stay here, I suggest requesting a room NOT facing the Strip).  Also, the fitness center is out of date, and the jacuzzi jets were awful (Herculean-strong and not hot enough).  The check-out time is unnecessarily early at 10am!However, I will say that the hotel was nice in terms of ambiance - the hotel rooms, lobby and pool were solid and the staff was generally accommodating.Since the negatives seemed to outweigh the positives, I will (most likely) not return.
4	Didn't realize when I booked a room here that this is actually a time share property, and not a hotel. No matter, the staff is very friendly and helpful. There is a pool outside, a gym, and a convenience store in the basement which serves all kinds of snacks and breakfast. While it is on the strip, it's a long way from the action. If you don't mind a $10 cab ride to casino areas on the strip, this should be considered.
4	room was nice with a kitchen!!!only downfall was that there is no casino. it is just a hotelvalet is 13.00 daily charge. there is a store which has sandwiches. pool tables. TV. a business centerclean clean clean and doesnt smell like smoke!
1	Let me just say the signage and reservation paperwork is deceiving. You think you starting at the Flamingo, but no its that itty bitty sign near the Flamingo taxi pick up. Then you have dishonest employees that steal your clothing. Two dresses vanished and nobody has a clue.
5	My family has a time share here and we recently stayed for five days in a 3 bedroom condo on the 35th floor NOT facing the strip. It is very clean and the staff are very friendly.Pros:- Spa is great. Husband and I got massages that were wonderful (about $230 total before tip)- Pool area is very large, lots of seating- No casino. Yes that is a pro for me :)- No smoking! YAY!Cons:- Far from the action. Still on the strip but not super close to anything awesome. We rented a car and so we did valet all week- No real restaurant- Check out time is early- Pool/hot tubs close early in March (8pm), not sure about the rest of the yearI really enjoyed staying here--will be back soon!
4	I've been a @HiltonHHonors member for years and in my opinion they are one of the better loyalty programs.If you want to have a grand vacation in Vegas, the Grand Vacations Suites may be your place.  If you prefer not to be in a casino, where you have to wander through crowds of smoky, smelly humanity to get to the strip, I recommend this hotel.It is a bit removed from the heart of the strip so grab a cab or spring for the double-decker bus deal and ride where you wanna go.Solid, comfy, nice.  When you want a nice place to stay, not just a place to crash after you stagger in from your Vegas bender.
2	Considerably far away from the strip, this place doesn't stand alone like the other hotels in the area. In fact, there aren't any slots/card tables in the building, nor is there any room service or a restaurant. It seems to be a timeshare-hotel, which is fine, except that even if you have a timeshare here it's a $15-20 cab ride to the rest of the strip south of the Wynn (about a mile+ away). Truly felt isolated (thank god the room was free) but beware of the high pressure sales people.Otherwise, the room was definitely standard Hilton faire; comfy, roomie, and clean.
1	Worse than Harrah's - that's including the time that I slipped in vomit and found our hallway splattered in dried puke that had clearly been there for sometime.That's right. My stay with this "resort" managed to leave me more disgusted and humilated than that.I have been a guest at this hotel several times, as my parents own the "timeshare" through Hilton Grand Vacations. The rooms are nice enough, however the hotel is far from anywhere you'd like to go on the strip, and adjacent to Circus Circus. (Gross.) On my recent visit in March, it was difficult to get a cab. The taxi lines were very long, just due to the fact that this is a remote area - about to become worse when the Saraha across the street closes. The food market is over-priced and limited in its options. No bar or restaurant on the premises except out by the pool, and the hours are very limited.However, the worst of it was the awful high pressure sales tactics. I'd sat in on the time share presentation before, but never witnessed this kind of coersion in action. The conduct of both the first sales associate I dealt with and her manager were unprofessional, rude and - as far as I am concerned - did a good job of destroying my perception of the Hilton brand. I explained upfront that my circumstances had changed since August when I booked my trip, and I would be unable to purchase a time share plan that day. She acknowledged that few people actually purchase the plan, and the bulk of their business comes from current owners upgrading. She still took up two hours of my time, and seemed to take it extremely personally at the end when I maintained that due to changed life circumstances (that were none of her business), I would not be purchasing that day. It degenerated into some truly insulting comments and questions from her.Worst of all, after the presentation I complained verbally at the customer service desk and at the check out desk. Both associates were professional, and said they would forward my concerns to a manager. I also complained in writing twice - once in an exit survey given to me at check-out and once in their online survey.However, I never received any kind of apology or acknowledgment from a manager. Any chance they had of getting business from me in the future vanished. I might have been able to overlook a couple of poorly trained employees. However, I assume their lack of contact is essentially endorsing the unprofessional tactics I was subject to.Don't stay here for full price - it's not worth your money. Stay at one of the better-appointed, more centrally-located resorts on the strip. Don't stay here under one of their "specials" - they will treat you like you ordered the lobster then failed to put-out.
3	The hotel and rooms are all very clean and comfortable (good size, full kitchen, etc).   I ding them for (1) location is far away from just about anything (2) pool is relatively small for the number of rooms (and hence very crowded).We travel with 1 pre-teen child and have had better experiences/rooms at Treasure Island and MonteCarlo so won't be back here.
4	To those who've never been here before, just a heads up. It's a little tricky to find the entrance to this place. Word to the wise: its located between circus circus and stratosphere (drive slowly or you'll end up passing it!).Me and my gf stayed here a week ago, I read some of the negative reviews on this via yelp before I went there, and I expected it to be horrible because of its low low price of $100.00. To my suprise the place was very nice and clean. The valet cost $13.00 per day (my gf's car's symbol on the trunk was popped off while they had it valet parked). So beware. Nonetheless, the room was very clean, with a kitchenette (including: plates, cups, mugs, wine glasses, microwave, and sink). The little market down stairs opened till 1am which was very convienent. Although its techincally "on the strip" its located at the southern tip. But for the price it was well worth it. We drove around to save $$ on cab fair. All in all the Hilton Suites was very clean, quiet, and nice.
5	The HGVC is a fantastic location on the strip. Spacious rooms, heated pool & excellent staff make for a relaxing week in Vegas.I'd recommend listening to one of their timeshare sales' pitches and being rewarded with a massage. Also, there is no casino which makes for a less-smoky vegas experience.
4	This is probably the newest location for the HGVC. LOCATION: It's on the strip, but a little toward the far end. Between Circus Circus and Stratosphere. ROOM: I stayed at the 1 bedroom suite during my 2-3 visits. Rooms are nice and clean. However, they are kinda small. But.. oh well... it's Vegas. I loved how they have the kitchen area so that I can easily nuke/cook something in the middle of the night if I am hungry. POOL: They have it... But it's not that big. I rather sit by the hot tub to relax. CASINO: None. This is probably the reason why I love this resort the most. Having no casino makes staying at this resort more relaxing. TIME SHARING: I highly recommend sitting through their sales pitch (not because I am a time sharing owner), but because they have really good goodies for your time. I got some really cheap PHAMTON OF THE OPERA tickets once, dining certificates, and cash from them before. You are not obligated to buy.
5	My woman and I stayed here for NYE 2011 and could not have been happier. We were bummed that everything closer to the Strip was sold out when we booked and this was the only option. Our feelings about being so far away from the action quickly vanished when we walked into the lobby. I've stayed at a lot of Hilton properties and by far, this was the nicest. The hotel staff was extremely pleasant, nobody was pushing Timeshares on us, and the place was very clean. The rooms are the nicest you will get outside of 5* resorts on the Strip. Bed was comfy, lighting was perfect (especially when hungover), rooms were easy to get to, and spotless. The only downside of staying here was that on NYE the entire Strip closes at 4pm, so we weren't able to take a taxi or anything else to get into the center of the action. Looking at these giant resorts makes you think they are a short walk away, long story short we walked to Mandalay Bay and back that night and it only took about 4 hours. There is no casino here, but if you need to gamble it's easy to walk across the street to Circus Circus, Riviera or Stratosphere. In the future we probably wont stay here again while we're young and want to be in the middle of the party, but I can definitely see this being our place to stay a decade or more from now.
5	I am an owner here, and I love everything about the place. Every time we come and stay here, the rooms are clean and the entire facility is orderly and well maintained. The staff are all nice people, we have not run into a problem, ever, that wasn't handled by the helpful staff.We enjoyed the pool and bbq areas, as well as the entertainment areas downstairs. We had a real nice evening during one of our stays just bringing our own groceries out to the pool and bbqing and swimming like a staycation. If you are concerned about high pressure sales tactics because you are coming here on a timeshare tour, well, what can I say. The job of these people is to get you to essentially make a purchase of $1000s on an impulse. Yes, they are going to try to sell. But I have not spoken to anyone who has been through a timeshare presentation and can really say it was all that bad. They are incentivizing folks with some nice discounts, etc. for your trouble.
5	The one bedroom is really nice and comfortable.  Nice kitchen, spacious bathroom with a large shower and awesome bathtub.
4	At $100 this was a great value.  I liked that my room came with a kitchenette and coffee maker.  The pictures on the website depict a one bedroom suite with a jacuzzi tub.  The room that I received was a studio suite, no jacuzzi tub.  The room was modern and updated.  If you are looking to go to the strip, cab fare will run roughly $20 per trip..so if you plan on spending lots of time there, it might make more sense to book a room at one of the more central hotels.  There is a CVS next door and an on-site marketplace that has really awesome pizza.  Cab fare to the convention center ran about $10 per trip.  There is no full service restaurant on property (unless you count the pool bar) so you will need to eat elsewhere or stock up on groceries.  This is a non-gaming hotel and it was nice to not have the noise and smoke of the casino everywhere.  My only complaint would the housekeeping.  I had my room serviced one day and many details were overlooked.  I also put the "do not disturb" sign on my door and at 9am received a loud, repetitive knock on the door and someone yelling "room check".  Overall, I would recommend this place to anyone in need of affordable, short term accommodations.
3	Stayed here for a short weekend b/c we got a really good deal. Overall the hotel is pretty nice - each room has a frig, microwave, mini bar area and a basic set-up. There's nothing fancy or special about this hotel, but if you don't want to pay those resort fees and you're sick of the smell of smoke from the casino floors, this might be a good option for you. It also seemed a lot more "family friendly" for those reasons too. The pool area is pretty big and they have a couple hot tubs too and a bar outside. They also have a nice fitness room and a lounge area where you can sit on comfy couches and watch TV or play pool, ping pong or fuse-ball.It is located on the strip, about an $6 ride to encore just to give you an idea. I prefer to be closer to the other casinos on the strip, but again, this was a short trip in which we weren't planning on spending too much time on the strip. HUGE HUGE HUGE CON: 10am checkout. This is simply outrageous to me. Every other hotel is either 11am or 12pm, how on earth can you expect ppl in vegas to check out at 10? Even if you're there with a family, it's just way too early and they were def NOT accommodating to my late check out request. Unless I find another too good to pass up deal here, I won't be returning.
3	Had to book a quick overnight in Las Vegas and in the middle of summer the rooms on the strip were over $200. For just under $100 the HGVC caught my attention. I upgraded to the full suite and it was nice to have a complete place to unwind in. Typical Hilton style decor and amenities. having the kitchen was good as it is difficult to get somewhere else from the property without a cab or a car. While no full service restaurant, the deli was OK and it was good to have some refrigerated/frozen choices in the marketplace to take back to the room. Nice change to not hear the casino and smell the smoke - but this place runs a little too family friendly for my taste - prefer more luxury and quiet to the general RV crowd. Need  a nice, inexpensive place to stay - yes, I would stay here. Looking to have a relaxing time, would prefer to stay at the Venetian
1	No reason to stay here.. pool gets very cramped.. internet connection is crazy spotty and drops often. Tv channels come in dam slow, but they do look good. jacquzzi in the room was the high point.the concierge people are completly not helpful and to an extent somewhat rude, we got trapped off the strip and no cab would come get us (waited one hour for three different cab companies) the concierge suggested we " call a cab" amazing work there. I am a diamond member of hilton properties and that service was the worst i have ever had worldwide.
3	Pretty good hotel. Pros:-Big, nice room-Free Wifi-Taxi lane was fast-Pool was small, but had a basketball hoop to play with-Hot tubs were nice-Service is good.Cons:-No casino! Seriously?! Its VEGAS!!-No restaurant-Parking costs $8 a day-On the very end of the strip right by Circus Circus-Check out was 10am. Way too early.Also, my friend and I remembered 3 hours after we checked out that we forgot our dress shirts in the room. When we told them that, it was quick and easy. All they did was check if the room was cleaned or not. Ours wasn't cleaned yet, so they got me a key so I could run up and get my stuff. Nice and easy. Customer service is good.
4	This is a great place to be in Vegas, but not have to be in Vegas! Huh?Well, you are on the strip (the north end by Circus Circus), but there is no Casino here, but there are 2 towers of 27+ stories, a concierge, pool, parking garage, marketplace deli, but no on site restaurants. So maybe this isn't your idea of Vegas. But if you come here for business, a family vacation, or to stay more than a 3 day girls' or boys' lost weekend in a drunken stupor, this place has a lot of pluses. Like no casino, and no restaurants.Why is that a plus? You get tired of having to plan all your meals around a restaurant or room service. It gets expensive for an extended stay. Plus you don't want to wait in line constantly, get dressed to go out in public, or have to constantly tip valets, servers, cab drivers, etc. So you get a 1 bedroom suite here, which includes  full kitchen with toaster, mixer, microwave, oven, stove, full size fridge, pots, pans, plates, glasses, utensils, in unit washer/dryer with complimentary detergent, dining table for 4, dishwasher with complimentary detergent, granite countertops, paper towels, liquid soap and sponge, living room with queen sofa bed, lounge chair and ottoman, dresser, desk/vanity, 2 40 inch LCDTVs (one in each room), King size bed in the bedroom, with amoire and dresser, oversized jacuzzi bathtub, flagstone like bathroom with double entry ways (bedroom, living room), separate glass enclosed shower, large pool area, common pool/ping pong table, activity room, larger than normal gym with machines and free weights, deli/marketplace for casual meals and snack foods, valet or self parking, business center, and VIP lounge. Plus you get Hilton Honors points. I got this for $134/night this trip. Bought some groceries for breakfast and lunch, even some for dinner, and chose when to go to a restaurant or a casino, but could always come back and relax. Free WiFi too, and I didn't have to endure any timeshare pitch. Actually, I like the set-up quite a bit. So I am in Vegas, without always having to be in Vegas.   When you come here several times  a year, and you have long passed doing the crazy things like in the movies, this is a good choice. PS - they really tried to give good service, too. I received 4 different messages about various things, like a welcome packet, free water bottles as a gold Hilton member, when did I want to schedule housekeeping (because I had the do not disturb sign hanging nearly all day), and the concierge letting me know they can book shows and get discounts. The small downsides are that parking is not directly attached, it is about 100 yards away; check out is 10 am, and parking costs $8 self or $13 valet. I have stayed at the sister Hilton Grand Vacations on nearby Karen Avenue, too, and this one is bigger, nicer, newer, and better service.This may not be in the exact heart of the strip, but there isn't a steady stream 10 deep of wide eyed-eyed riff raff holding long neck margaritas yelling and screaming outside your window and flashing pics of everything in site. The lot across the street is empty, but they are building another mega hotel next door. Enjoy it while you can.
4	Great that it isn't part of a casino. Rooms are very nice, I would totally stay here again. Nice that it is close enough to things and yet on the outskirts enough that you don't have to fight traffic to get there.
3	Nice hotel / timeshare. It's a non-gaming hotel which is kind of nice in Vegas. Midweek prices are very reasonable. Walking in the doors feels like a million miles from the neon and noise of most Vegas hotels. I diffidently recommend this hotel for a quiet place to rest and recuperate from all the money you lose at the casinos!
2	Maybe it's because it's a Grand Vacations hotel, or maybe it's because it's in Las Vegas, but the only thing about this hotel that felt like a Hilton property was the room decor. I can remember only one other hotel experience that disappointed me more than this one did.You should know that while this hotel is technically on the strip, it's remote. Remote as in $25 cab fare to the Cosmopolitan for drinks. And this is important to consider because the only amenities this hotel has are a workout room, a pantry/deli, a small business center, and two well-shaded pools (with an outdoor grill).Only one of the four valets I interacted with was friendly. The front desk team was no different. I did find our housekeeper friendly. When I called the front desk to ask that they shush our neighbors, they suggested I call them myself. Um... no.The hotel was designed to have four towers with some sort of central communal space, my guess is for shops and restaurants, and maybe a spa. To date, only two of the towers have been built.This is an older hotel that has been renovated. The guest room halls are narrow and lead to rooms that can be expanded from a single room standard hotel room to a three bedroom suite. If you plan to stay in a single room, ask for privacy and quiet. If your room adjoins to what would be the other two rooms of a three bedroom suite, you will hear a significant amount of noise. And because it's Vega$, Baby that noise can occur any time of the day or night.A significant amount of space has been designated sales space for the Hilton Grand Vacations Team. I feel certain that if you are interested in Hilton's timeshare program that someone there will make time to talk with you. You can ask just about anyone staying in the hotel to refer you to the program. And they will love to do it because they get points of something for referring new members.And that's the key issue I have with this Hilton property. It feels like a timeshare. More than the usual amount of tacky LV tourists were onsite, taking advantage of the fact that this Hilton Grand Resorts property is one on the lowest on the Grand Vacations list, at least when ranked by  maintenance fees.This means the well-appointed fitness center was empty and the pool was packed (despite how shady it is). This made it extra embarrassing when I slipped and almost fell three times on the slick pool deck. I watched one other person actually fall and three others slip. Dangerous! Walk carefully around the pool!Even the single rooms have a kitchenette, which is nice since it's so inconvenient to get to anyplace to eat. The pantry/deli has a wide selection of quick eats that are reasonably priced for a hotel. But I didn't receive any of the bonuses I generally get as a result of my HiltonHonors status, which was a disappointment.The towels, toilet paper, and face tissue were paper thin. And the hotel is stingy with towels. Only two in our room and no bathmat. I'm always happy to use towels more than once but it irks me when I help them be "green," but can't ind a place to recycle plastic water bottles.I really liked the decor of our standard sized room. Hilton has some good designers on its decorating team. But the quality of the TV was bad, bad, bad and our view was of the RV parking lot at the adjacent Circus Circus hotel, casino and RV park.If you are considering a visit to this hotel as HGVC member prospect, be advised that the gift certificate, casino chips, and other gifts you may be expecting will have to be redeemed at another location, which is a .7 mile walk or short cab ride away. Expect to spent two hours or more with the sale rep selling the timeshare.When I can find a special (and it's Vega$, there's always a special), I can stay at a full-service hotel with a larger room, more convenient to LV attractions. This hotel has some advantages by being so far removed from the beaten track but I don't think I'll book with them again.
5	Love this place. Have been here many times. Gives opportunity for a relaxing experience in clean, comfortable, attractive accommodations. Is it in the heart of the action on the strip? No. Is there a slot machine dinging incessantly? No. Is it smoky smelling? No! If you have a car, it is very easy to get around. The monorail was close by until the Sahara closed. When something opens there before long, it will be available again. Your satisfaction here will depend upon your expectations. We totally enjoy our HGV ownership, by the way. Happy travels!
4	No casino which means NO SMOKING!!!!!  YAY.  A reason to stay there in and of itself.  Between downtown and the strip.  Great place to be.Close to everything and the service was great.  Pool was fun and the fact that you have a wet bar in the studios made things really cool.  Rather than dumping some cash for breakfast my boyfriend and I bought Fruity Pebbles and Milk from their downstairs convenient store/deli.  I would definitely stay here again.
4	This place is fab and affordable.The suites are very big and they offer free Wifi!The only thing I didn't like about this place is that it's a little far away from all the major hotels/clubs but its really easy to catch a cab so I didnt mind!
4	I appreciate this hilton location because they made me feel appreciated. The great things about it were:  nice rooms, nice service, nice ambiance and enviornment. Nice food/drink/market, nice spa, nice pool/jacuzzi/bar area, nice perks for listening to their timeshare presentation. A cool alternative to the usual "vegas hotel" experience.
5	Gotta hot tub time machine in my suite. =)
3	Nice Hotel if you want to go to Vegas without all the casino chaos.  Its your traditional hotel in all ways but i was a little pissy in the begining.  From the partking lot, there was no clear direction on how to get to check in...  Then we had to listen a 1.5 hour sales pitch for some time share...  yea we got the cheaper rate for the room but that was brutal....
3	Pros:No casino, good for family with kidsFriendly staffsNext to CVS and bus stopNice, quite and relaxCons:Far from major casinosYou can't feel Las Vegas in this hotelNo nice view of Las Vegas stripAvoid timeshare presentation at all cost unless you have too much money and don't know how to spend them.Far from all the major casinos, must take bus to get to the casinos.** Beware of taxi rip off from airport, do NOT take highway! Before the trip I already checked online of taxi fare, it should be around $15 from airport to Hilton. We have 3 people so if I take the hotel shuttle it will cost more and sometimes takes longer so I decided to take taxi, but the taxi driver took the highway which is 3x longer distance. I thought the website I was check was outdated, but later on I found I got rip off so beware if it's your first time get on a taxi in Las Vegas like me.The hotel is not a luxury hotel, compares to all the 5 stars hotels on the strip this one only feels like it's 3 1/2 stars. There is no casino in the hotel not even one slot machine, it's good for family with kids but if you are here to feel the real Las Vegas then you will find yourself went somewhere else in this hotel.I always like the Hilton resort that they have washer and dryer, I can wash all dirty clothes whenever I needed during the stay. My room has a nice Bose home entertainment system but too bad I didn't bring a DVD. If they offer gifts for going to their timeshare presentation, do not go unless you just hit the jackpot and don't know how to spend your money. I am a Hilton timeshare owner and I tell you it's not worth it. The package they tried to sell me this time, I did my math it will take 33.5 years to just break even if the maintenance will stay the same for all 33.5 years going forward, which is impossible. I don't recommend this hotel because I believe you really need to stay near the strip casino to feel the real Las Vegas and the night life but this hotel just don't deliver.
4	My friend's parents own a timeshare and used their points to get us a free room (all we had to pay was an $80 reservation fee). Our room came with free WiFi, a full kitchen, two TVs, a stacked washer and dryer, a living room with a sofabed, a dining table for four, a bedroom that included a chaise couch, and a bathroom with a shower and bathtub. It felt more like an apartment than a hotel room. The full kitchen was my favorite amenity. I saved a lot of money and calories not having to eat out every meal.Our garbage wasn't emptied each day, but there were trash chutes near the elevators. We also had to call for fresh towels.This Hilton is located at the end of The Strip, but considering how cheap taxis are in Vegas, that wasn't much of an issue.
3	A nice little hotel in the middle of giants on the strip. Rooms new and nicely equipped. Not what you expect in Las Vegas...
4	got a 3bedroom suite here this past weekend.. 3 king beds with tvs 3 bathrooms.. one big kitchen.. one sofa bed.. enough to fit 10 people comfortably.. they have a gym that's open 24hours, starbucks coffee downstairs open by 6am.. all the workers are very friendly and they will greet u every time they see u.. very friendly environment and good service!
1	Buyer beware!!!! If you are considering buying a timeshare with HGVC, DON'T!!!  I am in the process of TRYING to sell my vacation ownership back to Hilton, which they have first right to, and the process has completely SUCKED!  The resale department in Florida is HORRIBLE.  They never answer the phone directly - the message says, "we will return your call within 5 - 7 days..."  REALLY, who does that?  The reality is they never call you back!  The only time I heard from them was upon my first inquiry.  It has been months since we started the resale process back, the transfer of ownership back to Hilton has already taken place and WE HAVE NO CHECK.  I have made repeated attempts to contact my rep and her direct supervisor.  BEWARE!  They really get you with their fancy sales pitch when you are at their property and they are trying to get you to buy a week or to but take it from an actual owner, the process to sell it back is a PAIN and NOT WORTH THE HASSLE.
4	Debbi Brocchini is the conceirge here at this hotel and she is able to provide great tips of places to go, places to eat, and places to see. I like coming to this place as it has all of your standard amenities without all of the hype and flash of the other hotels. In addition, there is no gambling here on this site. So, you will need to go down the strip to the other places to waste your money. It actually makes it really nice, as you can relax poolside without having to worry who is coming around the corner. If you want to gamble you can just down the street. The one down side, is that there is not really a true restaurant here. They have a deli which will make a very nice sandwhich, however there are times where you are looking for that hot meal, that just is not available here.Of course if you like it that much, you can also purchase a hotel room as all of these places are time share so when you come to Vegas you can stay in the same room all the time.
4	MY FAVORITE THING IS THE MARKETPLACE WHICH IS OPEN TIL 1AMI'm here hanging out with my little cousin watching Thor on the DVD player that is in the room. Their room has a nice view of the pool. There is a full kitchen and washer/dryer. Free wifi...which I'm using to write this review.The Marketplace downstairs is awesome. We stopped in so I could get some junk food. I grabbed a menu and we went back up to watch a DVD. 30 minutes later I called The Marketplace and ordered a Roast Beef Sandwich. I went down right away and it was already done.
4	It's a really nice place to stay, but unfortunately, it's not without it's drawbacks, either.PROS:Great rooms, really really really.Available two-bedroom suites (ours even had a washer/dryer!)Can connect to rooms next doorKitchenettes or full-kitchens in your roomCONS:Parking garage is oddly far away from the hotel.It's technically on the strip, but on the edge... you still want to take a taxi to go anywhere exciting.There's no casino in the lobby here, which can be a pro or a con depending on your outlook.
4	I've stayed at this location many times.  The room is always nice and clean.  All supplies are kept up day to day.  I, also, really enjoy the marketplace downstairs.  The food is fresh and made to order.  One can buy little things like milk there and take it to your room and put in the room refrigerator. The problem with this hotel is that it is so far away from anything!!!!
4	We were happily surprised. The rooms are great, it's like being at home. Big bathroom with lots of drawers in the sink to store your stuff, a very big shower. The bedroom has a king size bed, with an awesome flat tv, big dresser, a sofa, and a huge bath tub. the closet wasn't that big considering that you can have up to 4 people in the room, but with the drawers we managed it. the living room has another flat tv, on top of a 6 big drawer dresser, a pull up couch queen size, another sofa and a 6 people glass dinning table. And the best of all a full equipped kitchen... fridge, dish washer, microwaves, coffee maker, garbage disposal, washer and dryer, pots and pans, dishes and silverware, well even dish soap and detergent for your clothes plus coffee, cream and sugar.Why I didn't give them 5 stars?...  I needed a restaurant, they do have a deli sandwiches, and other goodies  downstairs, but I like hot food.  The rest was excellent.I know they have a pool, we didn't use it because the weather was cold, very cold.
4	I know, there is no casino on property.  But to me that's a bit of a pro because it also means there is no smoke in the lobby.  And I really don't need to gamble 24/7.  It's a great property set at the edge of the strip with nice suites, it's just like staying at a condo, well, it IS staying at a condo.  While I wish there had been a restaurant and bar there,  but I'm not sure I would have eaten much more than breakfast there anyway.  And if you get hungry late at night, the Marketplace has a little grocery store, deli and pizza place that are open until 1:00 a.m. and you have a full kitchen in your room, with stove, oven, micro, refrigerator...so heat up some of those pizza rolls!The rooms are large and well appointed.  King sized beds, tvs in both the living and sleeping rooms, large showers, jacuzzi tub...and all for $149 per night?  I'll take a taxi to go into the heart of darkness, also known as "the strip".  You can walk to a few of the "older" casinos and relive an era gone by...Vegas style.The staff was super attentive, and we had only a short wait to get a cab...close to the airport (but not so close that you can hear the planes) and the convention center...since sometimes people come to Las Vegas to actually work in Las Vegas.  LindySez: I'd come back.  And I heard a rumor that they were putting up a new building that would have both a restaurant and bar (not sure bout the Casino)...OH and FREE Wi-Fi!
3	No bar, no casino, no pool, no restaurant, $8 self parking. Fine, nice holel rooms. But really no bar, no casino. Knock yourself out!
4	This property is on the edge of the strip ( north end).  I would have preferred to be in the middle or the south end.  I think that was the only downfall for me.  The property was beautiful and comfortable.  We were in a studio which is a normal hotel room but with a mini kitchen with everything you need.  The staff was super friendly and helpful.  Taxis were easy to get.  The pool and pool bar area are both very nice and big.  There is no casino.   Free WiFi is always a plus.
3	This place did everything it needed to, and not much more, but it wasn't bad. The fact that the closest casino is the pedophile attracting Circus Circus hurts this joint a little. Because there's no gambling or clubs in this place you are forced to leave the grounds to actually get the party started(even though mostly the party started in the car on the way down). But the rooms are clean and spacious and they clean them like 3 times a day. They have a full store downstairs where you can get your bottles from and start the party in the room. The showers fit 3 comfortably but can squeeze a fourth. The no smoking "suggestion" signs got kind of annoying as I ashed on the bed spread. Put this place at the other end of the strip and you have yourself at least 4 stars, add a club or bar or gambling in the lobby and there's your 5th.
4	Since I am a Hilton Honors member, and my wife Isn't much of a gambling fan, I decided to stay at a hotel which would be quiet and without a casino. The Hilton Grand on the Strip is ideal for anyone who doesn't want to blow $200 a night yet still wants a sweet room. When I opened the door to my room I was surprised to find a full kitchen with washer and dryer, plus a 32 inch flat screen TV. I had then realized that since I was a Hilton Gold member, they upgraded my room. The hotel is located across from (what was) the Sahara, so it's just a 5 minute walk to the monorail. Staff is nice and courteous, and if you are willing to spend an hour to view their presentation on property shares, they'll give you $150 !! The swimming pool isn't bad, and has plenty of space. There are plenty of waitresses on hand to serve drinks or food as well.All in all it was a great stay. And I recommend it to anyone who wants a quiet room away from the ringing of casino noise.
4	Loved staying here.  There is not a casino and the elevators are right by the entrance,  imagine that in Vegas...not having to walk 20 miles to your room.  True it is on the north side of the strip by Circus Circus and Stratosphere, but its kind of nice in that you can get in and out quicker and easier.  The rooms are amazing, def. better then you'd get in any typical hotel room -- full size kitchen and bath, dining table, living room, and bedroom. Only complaint for the bathrooms is that there were not many lights and the soaking tub was not jetted.  Other than that, friendly staff and easy access to everything you need made our stay here a great experience.
3	This hotel is located on the North End of the strip, also known as the dead zone. Closest casino's are Circus Circus and the Riviera, not where most want to be. On the upside its not that far of a walk to Encore. The room was clean and nice and we had a Strip View, which consisted of the now closed Sahara Casino and a empty lot where I believe the New Frontier once stood.On the upside, is its a short walk to the Peppermill restaurant which is open 24 hours. Not much cigarette smoke in and around hotel. And getting a cab was a cinch as they do have a taxi stand.If youre in Vegas without a car, and without kids, I would'nt recommend staying here, as Taxi fares to the main part of the strip add up.
4	Yes-it's at the North end of the strip. Yes, it's far from the main area of the craziness and yes, there's no casino.  BUT for 3 nights, we paid around $299.00 including tax, as opposed to $250.00 a night at a fancier hotel.  We are HHonors members and we automatically get breakfast included, but because this hotel has no full service kitchen, we get points instead of the breakfast.  TIPS:  1)  If you don't want the marketplace breakfast (very ready made-like microwaved eggs) in the hotel, walk a block down towards the strip to McDonalds, or to Peppermill for a diner style Vegas experience). 2)  For those chowhounders out there, you're close to Lotus of Siam (apparently the best Thai restaurant in North America).  Take a cab for under $10.00 each way, and it's so popular, there are usually cabs waiting outside to take you back to your hotel after your meal.I'd go back.  It was quiet, and a nice change from all those crazy casino hotels.  I think we saved quite a bit of gambling money by not staying in a hotel with a casino.
2	Came here for a timeshare presentation deal.  We received 2 nights for a discounted price, a $50 gift card to the other Hilton (with the convention center), $15 in gambling chips for the other Hilton, and $100 toward our next Hilton stay in the next 6 months - but ONLY Hilton, not Doubletree or Hilton Garden Inn, etc.  The presentation was fine.  2 hours long, not super pressure-y, and our salesperson was sincere and nice.  We explained that it simply would not work for our lifestyle.  A manager came to ask us questions about the presentation, and he was VERY curt with us, borderline rude.  Whatever, we got our free stuff.  I'd do the timeshare presentation again.However, the hotel itself was a major disappointment.  It's quite far from most of the strip, so make sure to budget for cabs, rent a car, or, as we did, drive to Vegas.  There's really nothing exciting there and nothing that makes it particularly nice or family-friendly, so it's not even as though you could bring your kids there for a fun family getaway.  There's a pool, and that's that.We stayed in a studio, which is one bedroom closed off from a larger room.  It was small but clean.  The very worst part was that the walls are paper thin.  We could hear EVERYTHING that happened in the next room... when they came home, when they watched TV, when they listened to music, etc.  It was impossible to get a good night's sleep. To be fair, at one point, when they were playing heavy metal at 6am, I called security, and they promptly came up and asked them to turn it down.  Ten minutes later, though, they turned on the television, and it was just as bad.  At that point, we realized it was a lost cause.We told our timeshare salesman that we were disappointed in the room's thin walls - he said we were likely in a marketing room, and that they were planning to tear those down when needed and rebuild them as the timeshare rooms (which look identical).  That doesn't make sense.  You'd think they'd put us up in a nice room if they want us to own a stake in this place - no thanks!Parking is $8, valet $13 - a little odd when the rest of the strip is free parking.
1	My girlfriends parents booked a room here recently via Expedia because it's close to us. Even though they were "hotel" customers, the staff here tried to sell them on time share at checkin and were pretty condescending about it, asking about their income etc. They pointed to a sheet of paper saying, well if you make at least this amount, you can qualify, with the attitude that they clearly didn't. My girlfriends father pointed at the other end of their brackets and said "I make this" to which they changed their tune. He then had the satisfaction of shutting them down. If you agree to stay here knowing it's a time share, that's one thing. To book it as a hotel  and get the sales pitch and snub simultaneously is poor form.  Seems like shady advertising (and poor customer service) to me.
4	Its a pain to walk from the parking lot to the hotel, cuz its not link directly. The room itself is nice and clean.
4	Stayed at the Hilton Grand Vacation Suites for a very low rate while traveling on business.  The hotel was great!  It was very clean and the staff was very helpful.  The gym was wonderful and there is a deli and marketplace in the hotel.  The hotel is also in a great location.  I also got a Mani/Pedi in the spa - and they bent over backwards to fit me in and did a great job.  Definitely staying here when I go back.  Also, I like that there is no casino in the hotel.
5	Great stay, clean, smoke free...  could have used a water slide in the pool!  Then it would have been perfect!
5	A bold move to be a hotel in Vegas without a casino, but that what makes this place so nice.  Its quiet & civilized, the staff is very friendly that make you feel that they can cater to anything you need.  The pool is a wonderful oasis for the hot dessert sun with a volleyball net, basketball hoop, hot tub & most importantly, the bar.  I had a great time here & it was not too far from the Deuce line, just wish they had a crosswalk that was a little closer.
4	Check in before parking your car. Bring some groceries and have fun. Fitness center needs punching dummies. The lobby is on the second floor.
4	Review based on 2 night stay on the 14th floor for Timeshare presentation:PROS:+ Good layout of suite w/ full kitchen, washer/dryer, dishwasher and basic necessities (bowls/pots/pans/utensils/etc...)+ Very spacious bathroom+ Staff was very accommodating and friendly+ Large pool area (lots of families with kids)+ Free WIFI+ Recycle friendly facilityCONS:- Parking garage is in a separate building with no covered walkway into hotel towers (very tight spacing in garage)- Location of hotel, on the wrong end of the strip.  The nearest casino is Circus Circus (which was very run down and dirty).  Everything you want to do on the strip is either too far to walk or not worth driving in the traffic.  Would try another Hilton Grand Vacation Club location on the strip if you are looking for entertainment/dining/gambling.  If in Vegas just for family, this would be a good spot, no casino in hotel and is smoke free, family friendly.Timeshare briefing went alright.  Scheduled for 2 hours, only took 1 due to understaffing and overbooking.  The reps were very friendly and was a good experience overall.  Would definitely take another timeshare briefing with Hilton in order to schedule another vacation.
2	Average:  nice room, had the studio but could have gotten a better deal at other properties and had to sit through the sales presentation which included misleading offers.  As a HH member which gave them my name to make offer I was even more offended.  Starwood has never done this.  They checked out our room to someone else day 2 causing someone to walk in on my husband changing...apology was dismal.  Music at pool is fun and nice family property but Hilton for the brand didn't offset all the misses....very disappointed as an HH member and will think differently around loyalty.m service differentiates and they don't have this.
3	Overall, this Hilton was decent though it does not compare to staying at one of the nicer hotels on the strip. Cons:-Far from the main part of the strip. Our cab ride was $15 (pre tip) to get to Aria-The walls seemed very thin, I woke up the first morning due to hearing crying children in the room next door and we consistently heard full conversations going on in the hall as people walked by-No real restaurant/bar. There is a little "marketplace" that was ok for breakfast and a restaurant out by the pool, but no other restaurants. I would have liked to have had a real breakfast or a drink at happy hourPros:-Comfortable bed-Pool area was big and pretty nice-Strong pina coladas by the pool
5	Ok my husband an I have been members for like 15 years and have always had top notch service but my most recent solo experience was above and beyond.  They :A) insinuated: Are you comfortable being a single female out there?  (and if not we are wiling to help)/keep you safe) but B) Which is HILARIOUS I put a snarky alcoholic snide remark on their facebook about how lame the icemaker was and they frikkin replaced the icemaker! Lord a mercy!
4	A bit removed from the hustle and bustle of the main strip but that's not always a bad thing. My wife and I are grand vacation club members so we actually got a studio room for quite cheap. If I stay here again I would definitely pay the extra to get a one bedroom suite. The studio room was actually fairly small. My biggest complaint was about the number of phone calls you get from the staff. There always seemed to be a message waiting on our phone when we returned to the room or the phone was ringing. If you are a vacation club member you should know that they will not make up your room every day. That was a surprise to us. If you would like daily room service you need to pay an additional fee. Apparently if you are staying on a grand vacation club sales promotion or are staying as a regular hotel guest they will make up your room daily. We spent one afternoon down at the pool area which was very pleasant. There was ample parking in a nearby garage on property, but the garage is not connected directly to the hotel. At least the parking is free for grand vacation club members.
4	With the rate I got from www.hotels.com it was definitely worth it.  Like many have said, it is farrrrr from the hot spot of the strip, but it is do-able.  Especially if you road tripping it is definitely worth it.  Modern decor with a family touch.  I found it really great that they had a entertainment room ( which was free) where they had a pool table, television, ping pong table and even dvd's that you can check out ( free of charge).  Yes we are in vegas sooo why would you do these things... its to relax!!  Especially if its thunderstorming full of heat in the dearest LV lunch hours are probably best stayed in the hotel.  I didnt have enough time to go to the pool or bbq. The only downfall for this hotel is:- Further down the strip- The walk to the parking ( in the heat) was a drag.... but do able it was not 500 yards as some people had claimed it to me.-  All rooms do not have ventilation not even the restroom..... :/ which made it hard to breath at times.
4	This hotel is located way north of the strip, so it's not like seeing everything that is located in the middle of the strip. So to me that was quite a little bummer. The hotel itself was nice and updated in lobby. The rooms are still a little outdated. The one thing that was really updated was the kitchen with granite tops. In the kitchen there was a cabinet with top/bottom washer/dryer. The living room and the second bedroom had flat screens, while the master bedroom had a box TV. How the hell does that happen Hilton?! Though it was north of the strip, walking distance wasn't that bad. The staff were very nice. Always smiling and greeting us. It was a great size. Wish it was more in the middle of the strip, but I can't complain. Still enjoyed my time. =)
5	I love these 2 bedroom suites. 2 huge bathrooms, plenty of mirror space, and 2 pull out couches, you can sleep 10+ people in these suites easily! Great view, close to Earl of Sandwiches, connected to Planet Hollywood, I can't stop naming all of the pros to staying at the Hilton Grand Vacations Suites. Great for bachelor & bachelorette parties or big groups.
3	Overall, I was pleasantly surprised. We are HHonors members and my boyfriend was invited to stay for 3 nights at a discounted rate providing we "sat through a presentation." We all know what that means. On the very long flight over we looked at our confirmation and quickly realized the "discount" was still over priced from what was available via the website.  Checked in. Cancelled us "attending their presentation' and paid the website fee. Our time is valuable and we were not interested in being "owners."  With that being said the process to change over was somewhat seamless. The suite was awesome. Huge. It has a washer/dryer - pure heaven and we didn't feel as if we had to make do with our packed clothing. We did laundry daily.  The shower had killer pressure.  The kitchen was stocked with gadgets. The in-room safe wasn't great. It got locked up on us stating "obstacles were in the way" and keep in mind it wasn't that deep at all. You opened it and it could MAYBE fit an ipad in it so it's only designed for jewels and cash so manage your expectations. At one point it didn't open at all and we had to call security for assistance. So happy to report they were up in our room in minutes. VERY impressive! He got it open and could see the battery was low so he switched it out so we wouldn't be working with a semi-broken safe any longer.  The front door to pull it open as you were leaving was an effort. It was getting stuck constantly. Weird. Housekeeping was OK. They were attentive and helped restock towels though they saw we were without laundry detergent (one pack) and they had to replenish vs. just leaving us another to use...The pools were great.  There were multiple hot tubs outside. It wasn't super crowded which was nice. The bar at the pool was good. Cold beer and great shrimp cocktails.  The on-site fitness room was perfect. Enough options for weights and bikes/elipticals and treadmills. You didn't feel stuffed in a short closet and it was always being used to the point that it was a good thing but not crowded. There is no restaurant on site. There is a Market Place which you grab and take to go items with you and keep in mind they SERVE Starbucks but don't make it for you. So there's no one to make your Grande Skinny Mocha. You're on your own. :) Prices were high but what do you expect at a resort? It is located off the strip and closer to the Stratosphere and next to Circus Circus.  Decent location for a smaller price and a good opportunity to get your daily walk in.  Situated perfectly next to a CVS open till midnight.  Overall, a good property. We are spoiled now in that we want washers/dryers in our every room going forward.  What a simple treat. :)
3	I went with two good friends who were pegged to sit though a timeshare presentation at the location.  We all sat through the long presentation and started watching our clocks.  We actually started getting annoyed because there were many drinks to be had and we were missing out!  Other than that, the hotel was nice.  The pool area was very cute.  It had a good looking bar and it was decent in size.  If you are looking for a more adult pool, however, this isn't the one.  It is at the very end of the strip, literally the last hotel headed towards downtown.  For that reason alone, I will never stay there again unless it is absolutely free with no catch.  That would be my only major complaint.
5	Very nice hotel! Enjoyed the stay!
4	If I could rate this 4.5 stars I would!  The only reason I am deducting a star is because the hotel is missing some of the little things that I like in a "5-star" hotel (i.e.  quality of the linens - bed & bath, bathroom toiletries, pressure to attend the time-share presentation,etc.)That being said... This was the PERFECT hotel for a getaway I had with one of my closest friends!  Before going into everything I loved about the hotel, this is NOT the property for you if you are looking for/have to have:- second-hand smoke greeting you as you walk in the door; sorry, this just isn't the place for you, then.- immediate access to the strip (the hotel is technically on the strip, but pretty far from the "major" attractions (though it is a quick ride to some of the strip clubs... I just noticed on the way to airport)- a casino on property- restaurants on property.  There is a little marketplace on the ground level that serves deli style foods and pizza, but we never ate there.Truth is, this was exactly what we needed for an thirtysomething, extended weekend (Sat - Weds), girls getaway.  We stayed in a two bed-room suite on the 17th floor of tower 2 and that these rooms had just been remodeled.  The blackout curtains in each of the rooms were amazing!!!  And really, if there's anything you absolutely must have in Vegas it's soundproof rooms and blackout curtains!  Just a note... the "jacuzzi" that other's have mentioned isn't really a jacuzzi.  At least in our suite, it was a large tub.  Large enough for a party, but no jets.While I'm sure this would be an ideal family destination given the full-kitchen and laundry facilities in the suites, I don't recall seeing any kids or families around.  The property was fairly quiet, even though I know they were close to capacity the first few nights of our stay.  The bus stop for the Duece is literally at the end of the hotel's driveway.  Learn the Duece quickly (it's easy!).  Cab rides are easily $20 - $25 each from HGVC to the major spots on the strip whereas the Duece is $8 for a 24hr pass or $20 for three days.Seriously, Vegas is all about over-stimulation.  It was nice to have a place to come back to and let your senses recover!!
4	Excellent service, grounds are beautiful, rooms are spacious and have all the amenities you could want. The Marketplace downstairs is ridiculously overpriced, so I suggest getting something from the CVS drugstore about a block away, though the freshly-prepared food at the Marketplace is very good. When you're taking a taxi home from the various sites, be sure to mention the address of this hotel (2650 Las Vegas Blvd) and not just the name; there are 3 or 4 other "Hilton Grand Vacations" hotels in Vegas and you might be taken to the wrong one.The WiFi is free, but it's one of those that you have to connect, then go to a webpage and sign in, making it very troublesome for certain phones and tablets.The toiletries are Peter Thomas Roth!I'm already an owner, so I didn't have to sit through any presentations.
5	This is a very nice property that is very comfortable!  We stayed here and felt right at home!  We had a 2 bedroom suite in Tower 2!  We had a great view of the city!  This room was very nice and we had the freedom to move around without too much confusion!!  The property was nice too!!  The market with food service was very nice, the exercise room, the game room and even the pool!!  The Valet and the Cab service out front of the property were nice and eager to assist!  Loved staying here!
4	If you prefer the North end of the strip like we do, this is the hotel to stay at.  Awesome grounds and amenities.  Only negative thing about this place in my opinion is the daily fee for self-parking.
3	Stayed at this Hilton location on my last trip to Vegas.  We were in a Penthouse Suite, which was very nice and comfortable.  There were 6 of us and we all fit comfortably as there are 2 bedrooms and a pull out couch.  There is a cafe on site, which was convenient for breakfast and pizza, but no real restaurant.  The main reason I'm giving 3 stars is the location.  I am a walker, so I had no problem getting to the main part of the strip, however, I would have liked it to be closer to the action.  This hotel is priced extremely fairly, which is why we picked it.  All in all a pleasant experience.
1	This review is based solely on my experience with the timeshare representative. She ( late 40's, early 50's african american women) was absolutely horrible, rude, disrespectful & I will probably never stay at this particular property again based on my experience with her. After 90 minutes of her presentation, I simply asked her what the overall price was for the timeshare, she became extremely rude & disrespectful. She stated " your going to be here for 2 hours whether you like it or not, so I'll get to that later." She was a bitter, scorned old lady who should not be representing the Hilton brand.Pros-the property has a lot of potential, ESP. for families visiting Vegas with kids. No machines, no smoke, suites are amazing! Front desk staff & valet staff were all very accommodating & friendly. No real food here as of yet, but they have a Starbucks!The pool was very nice & lifeguards on duty! Nice...
2	But the rooms are nice but don't do the timeshare meeting no matter how much they ask or offer. It will ruin your trip. If you say no, they get very rude. I was considering buying timeshare with Hilton but after this experience I will never consider it. I will spend my money with Disney. I would give more stars but my experience with the timeshare people left a bad taste in my mouth.
3	Some people are going to view this as a one star hotel and others are going to view it as a five star... it's all about what you are looking for.1 star... if you are looking for any semblance of the typical Las Vegas experience.5 star... if you don't want to be anywhere near the action, are looking for a relaxed location and spot, and are probably there with your family.Normally I would rate something for being what it is, but the problem in this case is false advertising that gets people here when it's not exactly what they are looking for (at least in our case).For starters, "on the Las Vegas Strip" in the name of the hotel itself is pretty misleading.  This is a LOOSE definition of the word strip because it's about as far as you can get from the main strip and still be on the strip.  I'd say it was 5 miles to the Venetian / Bellagio etc area.   Sure, we should have done our due diligence and researched this, but my sister had seen one of the locations which was closer to the center of the strip and assumed it was that one when she booked it, not knowing there are 5 different Hilton properties in and around the strip.They told her she was getting a very special discounted rate for attending a timeshare presentation, but upon checking the advertised rates, it was about the same. Also, the rates weren't any cheaper than the rest of the strip for that weekend, so it's not like we were getting a discount for being far from the action either.This really got me.. you have to PAY for parking every day.. and the parking lot is not exactly attached to the hotel. The first 4-5 levels are reserved for valet and are totally empty, so it's a bit annoying having to circle around and around empty spaces to get to ones you can park in.  One of the things about Vegas is free parking everywhere, but such is not the case here.No Casino / Smoke, etc.. points plus for this.Gym - Okay, normally people in Vegas don't exactly make it to the gym. But the types of people that stay somewhere like this are the types that are going to go to  the gym... so there should be more than 4 elliptical machines.  Waiting in line for an hour was not ideal. The gym is WAY too small for the capacity.The walls are pretty thin and we could hear whatever the people next door were watching on TV at all hours.We called down for more blankets, more toiletries and a toothbrush, and had a blanket thrown in our room with no other stuff.  Literally.. they knocked on the door and we were in bed and getting up to go answer it when we heard the door fly open, the blanket be thrown in, and the door slammed shut. Jeez.All in all, this hotel is adequate.  I get if people want to be away from the strip, but there's not need to be SO far from it that you don't even feel like you are in Vegas. The gym is not great, but it does have a few good machines with TVS.  The rooms are clean and spacious and as advertised, albeit with thin walls.So I'd say.. make sure you know what you are looking for, and that this is it. We definitely were disappointed, but it was partly our fault for not doing our due diligence beforehand.
4	I always enjoy staying here. The rooms are very nice and comfortable with all of the amenities of being home. I highly recommend staying here.  I will say we have been here twice and have had the same complaint both times. The water pressure is very bad in the showers. It literally just drizzles on you. Bear in mind it is a timeshare and they will pressure you to do a presentation. We bought a small package and really have enjoyed the open season which allows us to stay at these timeshares for a very low cost.
5	This HGVC location is located on the West side of the Las Vegas strip, South of Sahara.  It is directly across from the Sahara hotel (currenlty closed) and has 2 large towers.  ou can turn into the property from either north or southbound lanes.Once you pull in, I recommend driving up tot he front doors.  Off load your luggage and either have the bell desk take it or have a family member wait while you park.  If you valet your car, it is $10 a day (free for Elites) and the garage is around $5 a day (free for owners).The resort features studios, 1, 2 & 3 bedroom accomodations.  The studios are a little smaller than the Flamingo property, but still upscale as the Hilton brand usually delivers.  Down stairs there is a large market/deli that you can order pizzas, sandwiches and purchase various food and drinks.  There is a nice gym with lots of usefull equipment and a recreation room with pool table, ping pong and movies.  If your up for pampering, there is a spa.When your looking to hit the town, there is are a few travel options.  Cab is always the easiest of course.  You are a few blocks walk from the Circus Circus and Riviera hotels.  Across the street is the monorail.  Although the Sahara hotel is out of business, the access to the monorail remains open.**NOTE:  I am an HGVC owner and love the Hilton system.  I have attended owners updates(ie try to upsell me) and understand their intention on selling.  If you accept an invitation for a presentation and get discounted or free rooms, please dont base your low rating and major complaint on the sales staff.  Yes your there for free, they are going to bend over backwards to get you to buy.  Deal with it or open your wallet and pay for a hotel room.
4	Not sure this place is what most people come to LV for but If you're in town for business and need to be near the LVCC, it's perfect. No casinos, free WiFi, comfy rooms and laundry machines.  Tower 2 was recently renovated so ask for a room there facing away from the strip. The shuttered Sahara is a little depressing to look at but you do get a view of the mountains.
2	The Hilton supposedly prides themselves on good service but most of the people working at this hotel were not kind to us - at all. There is no real room service (only pre-made pizza) and the hotel itself is only close to the casino Circus Circus.. nothing else really. The only real good points of this hotel is that the gym is okay and that the room was clean -- the decor in the room is not tasteful at all.. but at least it was clean.  We will not come back here - it's probably worth your money to get a nicer hotel near the center of the strip.
1	DO NOT MAKE A RESERVATION HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I was setup to stay there for two days, Thursday-Saturday.  I pre-paid $160, scheduled a day off, and was going to go to a timeshare presentation for 2 hours, which is not a bad deal.  Unfortunately, work got absolutely crazy and I had to cancel my Friday off, like some responsible people would do.  I called to change reservation, not cancel, and was told I had to pay a $120 fee.  That is obviously ridiculous so I asked to talk to a manager,  after 10 minutes of explaining my situation again and advising him that it is bad business to upset a potential customer, he said he could lower the fee to $60.  Obviously, these guys don't realize that the internet, Facebook, Twitter, Yelp, and other social media exist.  You cannot BS the consumer anymore.  We have way too many resources at our fingertips.  I hope my review will consider others to stay away from this place.  PLEASE DO NOT BOOK A ROOM HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Avoid Hilton Grand Vacations Suites in Vegas and across the country, you will send your entire stay fedning off their used car salesman tachics.  This is a scumy company that will never leave you alone until they have ripped you off.
4	Came here on a Family trip with grandparents and the kids. We had a 2 bedroom suite. This was PLENTY of room for 5 adults and 2 kids. (It is only supposed to sleep 6, but I figured 2 kids = 1 adult)Both rooms had King sized bed. Master was big enough to still use my son's inflatable aero bed.No smell of smoke anywhere in the building!They charge $8 for self-parking (FREE if you are a HGVC owner) When I asked they said it is because they don't have a casino to generate additional revenue.**There is no Casino** at this property.The spa is pretty good (I wrote a review on that under Grand Vacations Spa)Gym is open 24/7, activities room had a pool table, ping pong and movies. They also have an activity room for kids on the 2nd floor with games, crafts and movies.Deli/market place is great, lots of hot and cold food options if you can't leave. Housekeeping came by everyday.
5	Stayed her for my friend's 50th bday. Had a two room suite with full kitchen.  We hosted a small bday party for her one night --very comfortably held 20 people.   Kitchen had a great set up with stove, microwave, plenty of bowls, pots and pans.   Even a dishwasher and washer and dryer. Didn't need to cater the food -- we prepared everything in our suite.   Didn't need to bring in a full blown sound system -- hooked the iphone into the docking station in the room and streamed Pandora.CVS is right next door -- not a huge selection of things, but good basics should you forget to bring something.  Self parking was very easy.  Spa for a Hilton was nice.  Bell staff incredibly nice. I would definitely stay here again.  And the room was truly 100% no smoking which was such a delight.
4	We used our timeshare to stay here.  We stayed in a two bedroom suite, and we were able to invite family to join us.  The place was terrific.  It had everything needed for a week stay.  We did not do any cooking during our stay here.  It was great, though, to have the refrigerator and microwave for our leftovers!!  It's like staying at a home away from home cause they had all the amenities we needed.The location is a bit past Circus Circus closer to Sahara Blvd.  If you wanted to stay in a place with a casino, then do not stay here cause there is no casino here.  I kind of liked that though cause there was no smoke to bother us!!I'd definitely recommend staying here.  Just wish, they had more availability.  We've been unable to find a date available where we could exchange our timeshare for a stay here again.
2	The apartment was well furnished, clean and well maintained.  My main complaint is paying $8 for parking when every other hotel on the strip has free parking, and a charge of $5 for "handling" when I received a package delivered to myself. Not cool when you're competing for business with other hotels and resorts on the strip and in a better location than this one.  Upon check in. was assigned to a room I wasn't able to access due to being occupied by another guest.  Frustrated to go back to the desk for another room assignment.  Has my room been assigned to another guest, a key given to that guest when it was actually my room?
3	My friends and I got a deal here and I was expecting the worse, but we got good. :)We got an adjoining suite and the kitchen was well stocked for what you needed in vegas. The pool was heated, which made me want to come back. Otherwise, the place was kind of old. I'd come back here if I ever had a family and wanted to do the tourist thing.
5	THIS is the place to stay if you don't want the hustle bustle or trendy hot spot type of hotel that is usually found mid-strip.  Also note, this is a non-gaming hotel and as such its much more peaceful - not the usual clanging of one armed bandits in the lobby.  also, you don't have to contend with the smokiness of most hotel lobbies, due to cigarette smoking - this is a non-smoking establishment.First off, let me start by saying this place is clean, new, and the staff here is top notch.  We checked in, and were delighted to enter our 2 bedroom 2 bath suite.  Full kitchen, dining area and . . yes . . . an in suite washer & dryer!!  We used the heck out of that washer and dryer, since we packed light and only had limited clothing options.The housekeeping service was great.  We stayed a week, so we had housekeeping come in on the 4th day to clean the room.  However, anything you need, just call them and they come running . . . fast and efficient. I ask for 2 towels and they go ahead and bring up 4.  I love it when they go above and beyond, which is what they did during our stay.Elite lounge was awesome, loved the little breakfast every morning, started our day out right with a light breakfast. Its just what we needed. The 4-6 pm snack was great too, but only got to take advantage of that once.Parking was nice, however it would have been better if there was a covered walkway to and from which keeps you out of the elements (it was extremely windy on some days).Thank you HGV on the LV Strip for a fantastic stay! We will be back. . . .
3	Nice hotel. Nothing special. Great for families. Not for singles.
3	This was a little further north than I typically like to be, but considering we got a 2 bedroom condo suite for two nights for a heck of a deal, I can't complain.  We rented a car so it was not a big deal getting around.  It's right across the street from the Old Sahara that was taken down.  It's a hotel resort/timeshare so no casino downstairs.  Quiet for those who prefer it that way.  The rooms were spacious and very clean.  The master bedroom had a soaking jacuzzi in the room and a shower had heads in every direction.  Oh yeah... serious massage shower!  I got out of the shower dried off and went back in again. ha ha!  My friends were wondering what I was doing, but yeah it was lovely.We had a fully equipped kitchen and a pull out queen bed in the main "living room" so the last morning we just picked up some breakfast from downstairs and ate in the room to recover before heading home.I can't speak for the pool or gym or other amenities because who goes to Vegas to use that stuff?  Well... I guess the pool, but we spent our pool time at MGM's Wet Republic.
5	Great place to stay. Located off the strip, this resort has a great pool, very clean suites that are well appointed with a deep soaker tub, full kitchen, appliances, stackable washer and dryer, king size bed, pull out couch and two tvs. Our room was very nice and clean with an in room safe. The soaker tub really did the trick after a long day of traveling. Bed was very comfortable as were the pillows. I liked the off the strip location because it was quiet. This place is in an ideal location for hopping on the deuce bus. The best thing to do is to walk to CVS and stock up on breakfast and lunch items for the week and purchase a three day pass for the deuce bus. That is the easiest way to get around. Shower isn't very strong, but then again, you're in the desert and our shower at home is pretty much on steroids so we didn't have anything to really compare it too. Overall, great set up for a long trip.
5	Nice parking garage, with friendly and outgoing security Maggie! I visited the hotel and was very impressed with the cleanliness and staff attentiveness to guests
5	We we're suppose to stay at the mandalay bay resort for a wedding but did not book our room early enough to get an affordable rate.  My son didn't either and he ended up booking at the luxor.  My wife had a previous stay at the hilton grand vacation many years ago when she was attending a soccer tournament and told me how much she liked it.  I checked expedia and got us a suite for $102 a night.  There was no comparison between our room and the rooms at the luxor and mandalay.  Hilton grand vacations was much nicer.  Just look at the pics on yelp. Not too mention clean, the rooms at luxor and mandalay were old and run down.  Only draw back is you have to pay $13 a day for valet use.
5	Warm pool!
5	I am a Hilton Owner and was contacted back in December of 2012 for a really great deal on staying at the Hilton Grand Vacations Club on the Las Vegas Strip, in exchange for attending an owner's update meeting.  I am not one to turn down great deals and even upgraded the one bedroom suite we were offered,  to a two bedroom/2bath suite.   However, after reading so many mixed reviews on this place, I honestly was really anxious and nervous about staying here with family and friends. We stayed here on 5/25/13 thru 5/28/13.  Upon arrival, we could not help but notice the warmth and friendliness from the valet, bell, security and front desk staff.   We were all impressed with how they always seemed so sincere when they asked us if we needed further assistance.  We were all greeted with smiles and that was always a nice feeling.  I was impressed with the fact that though we arrived early (10:30 am), they had our suite ready for us and we were already allowed to check in!  I have stayed at other 5 star hotels in Vegas, and this would be unheard of!  We stayed in the 2nd tower in suite 23119 on the 31st floor, facing the strip.  Unfortunately, our main view was what would have been the Fountain Bleu Hotel.  However, we also had a nice view of the Encore, Rio, Palms and other great Vegas hotels.  We were all impressed with how fast bell services brought up our bags because right as my friend was about to call down to notify the front desk we were in our room, they were already at our door delivering our belongings!  We were all very satisfied with our suite as it was clean and spacious and renovated as of 2012.  The living room had a couch with a pull out sofa bed, flat screen TV, and mini dining area.  The kitchen was pretty big and just had about everything one can need.  It was equipped with: granite counter tops, stove, fridge/freezer, microwave, dishwasher, cooking and eating utensils, coffee maker, blender, toaster, washer/dryer,  which all proved to be quite useful during our stay.  They even provided dishwasher soap as well as laundry detergent. The bedrooms were both spacious and had a king bed and flat screen TVs in them.  I loved our master bedroom as it had a nice jacuzzi tub, and large bathroom.  What I liked most about the bathroom was the shower had 4 shower heads in them.  You felt like you were going through a car wash whenever you showered.  Haha!  I liked that all their bath products were from Peter Thomas Roth. Another thing that we all really liked about our suite, was that there were different temperature controls in the master bedroom, living room, and 2nd bedroom.  This proved useful as my hubby and I have differing opinions than our guests on what is considered a comfortable temperature range.  :)  We liked it cold and they liked it warm.  I was also pretty impressed with their housekeeping services here.  The ladies were always friendly and greeted us with a smile.  Our suite was always cleaned really well and they were always pretty fast and efficient when we requested more towels or things for our suite.  As for the amenities, their gym is decently sized and open 24 hours a day.  It had cardio machines, weight machines and free weights.  They also had a recreation room equipped with couches, large flat screen TV, computers and a pool table.  Outside, there are several pools, and jacuzzis and lounge chairs.  We all were able to get some good R&R by the pool.  Just FYI, the pool is open from 8am - 10 pm daily.   It could get crowded during the day, so I recommend coming early or going late in the afternoon.  They also had several gas BBQ grills by the pool,  which we used to BBQ our chicken skewers from Whole Foods. The only issues we had during our stay was on Sunday 5/26/13.  My cousin had ordered a drink from the bar at the pool.  She unfortunately spilled it just after she purchased it.  The waitress told her that the bartender would not replace it and she would have to pay for it still!  Not cool.  Also, my hubby and I stopped by the concierge desk on the 2nd floor of tower 1 to find show tickets for Sunday.  The older gentleman who was working there seemed less then happy to be there and provided little help for our quest to find a show.  He seemed a little stand offish and his attitude was not the greatest.  I asked if there were any cirque shows available and his response was, "This is a holiday weekend, there is nothing left." I just thought wow, you could have checked the computer at least to confirm this statement for me! I did end up calling half priced ticket place and as I suspected, there were plenty of seats available for the cirque shows we wanted to see.   It was just a bit disappointing to receive such crappy service from these two individuals (bartender and concierge guy) when everyone else at the Hilton was awesome and provided stellar service. Overall, I was very happy with our stay at the Hilton.  Clean hotel, smoke free, and great customer service.
5	Amazing non-casino place to stay.  Rooms are very nice and very affordable.  I travel to Vegas on business and love staying here because there isn't the craziness of the casino. Great marketplace deli provides for subs and pizza. The fitness center is great and they have a lounge and pool areas that are wonderful.  If you want a casino the circus circus and soon the refurbished Sahara are both next door.  Great and "safe" place for families to stay if you are concerned what your children will see and hear.
1	Don't come here if your looking to have a good time. Far from all the action of Vegas, no casino and no restaurants. If you get too loud at the pool they will escort you out. This place is a joke unless you are 85 years old and want peace and quiet!!!  Will NEVER waste my time here again. It's worse then an old folks home.
4	great place. thanks to previous yelpers who recommended to request for Tower 2 (one of the more recently renovated towers). Helpful staff / guest service who were not pushy for the timeshare pitch (since I was a guest of an owner). would be great if they did have more food options in the Marketplace since people get too tired to go out once they are back. otherwise, recommend this place!free wifi. perks of being a guest of an owner: free parking! wee!
3	Came with a $149 for 3 day/2 night dealRooms: clean, spacious, comfortable bed, Peter Thomas Roth amenities, free WifiParking: We were too cheap to pay for parking when all other hotels offer free parking. We ended up parking a block away at Circus Circus and walked over. It was less than a 10 minute walk.Location: too far north, totally away from everything where we had to drive to any of the big hotels. This would be great for families that like the space and the kitchen. For us... well we're just there to indulge our gluttonous sides, so I felt like the room was kind of a waste to us.Timeshare presentation: We finished in about 90 minutes being the first ones done. The staff didn't push us too hard, and we actually had a nice conversation about general travel with our friendly sales guy. I guess looking like teenagers worked to our advantage this time. He asked us if we felt that this was something we could support financially, so we just said no. It was pretty easy. Then, the manager comes out and offers a cheaper deal that is supposed to be more budget-friendly. We just said we didn't think we could commit to this right now. She thanked us and that was that. Finally, the last manager came by to ask about our experience and tried to offer us another one of these timeshare presentation deals. We said no thanks and then went on our way. They offer snacks and drinks, which was nice, since our presentation was in the morning.
4	This is a very nice hotel/resort.  Depending on what you're in Vegas for, this may or may not suit your needs, mostly due to its proximity to "the action" on The Strip.  The hotel sits at the very north end of The Strip and it's a bit of a walk before you get to the heart of The Strip.  Walking to Mandalay Bay (the southern end of The Strip) will have you walking three and a half miles!  A car rental or bus pass will suit you well if the casinos are on your agenda.  If they're not, this hotel is in an excellent location.  It's quiet, close to the Stratosphere and has easy access to I-15 via Sahara Ave.  The staff are very nice and accomodating.  The pool is comfortable, but could certainly be a bit bigger.  Get more than twenty people in one of the two halves of the pool (it's split into two) and you start getting a little cramped.  The Marketplace in the hotel is most certainly convenient but don't order a sandwich there unless you've got A LOT of time.  On the day we arrived (Saturday), we stopped in there to grab a sandwich and it must have taken at least twenty minutes to get through the five or so people in line ahead of me to even place my order and another twenty minutes or so to get my sandwich!  Fourty minutes and $24 later, I had my Cuban sandwich, garden salad, Gatorade, and Water!  Things are very pricey and the service is generally slow.  Parking is convenient right next to the hotel with a surface lot and a 10+ level parking garage.  Would I stay here again?  Maybe, but it would depend on what I was in Vegas for!
5	Here on a mini vacation.  The staff was very friendly, as you're walking if you come across any employee they great you with a hello and big smile.  I really liked that, made us feel very welcomed.  Upon check in we were upgraded to a one bedroom suite.  Very nice and clean.  We had a king sized bed, living room with a sofa bed, full kitchen, two large flat screen TV's (one in the living room & one in the bedroom), washer/dryer and a sunken tube.The pool was very large and not crowded like it tends to be at a resort.
4	I had a great time and the suites were spacious and comfortable.  The view I got was  of the parking lot, but I had a great deal ($69 night) so I'm not complaining.  It's right off the strip so less hectic and a quick cab to the center of the strip.  there's no casino attached but the LVH is next door if you really want to gamble.  It's a nice little place to crash and stay comfortably.  There's actually a lot of families there compared to young crazy adults, so less likely to have vomit or puke all over the hallways.  And unlike other Vegas hotels, my feet didn't hurt walking the halls or floors here for some reason.  Recommend.
2	False Advertising.When we signed up for this deal with the timeshare presentation, we were told that we'd be staying at the Elara Hotel next to Planet Hollywood in the MIDDLE of the strip. The deal was very attractive, so I purchased it.I booked the hotel and paid $49 extra for staying in the weekend. When I got the my confirmation e-mail back, things got changed. I was placed in the Hilton Grand Vacations Suites instead of Elara Hilton Grand Vacations Hotel. The names are very similar, so it's very confusing. I called back right away and reported about the discrepancy of the booking. They told me Elara was fully booked, and I have to pay $120 extra to reschedule since it's within 13 days. I checked online and saw vacancy at the Elara, but they said those are marketed to be reserved for full price only. NOTHING they can do. They didn't even apologize for placing me in the wrong hotel. And why are you charging me $120 extra for mistakes you've made?The fact that they are both called "Hilton Grand Vacations" makes it confusing, and they are not even similar type of hotel! Elara is more fun and hip for younger generation like me, and Hilton Grand Vacations Suites is for older generations. I think I am ready to retire at the Hilton Grand Vacations Suites without the vibe. Now my Vegas fun weekend got transformed into a retirement weekend for grandpa instead. What a waste."Hilton Grand Vacations Suites on the Las Vegas Strip" is actually "Hilton Grand Vacations Suites at the end of the Las Vegas Strip". Now I am just stuck with an inconvenient location of the strip, which makes no differences if I am actually on the strip or not. It is on an inconvenient location "on the strip". I just have to drive to go to places on the strip :(Upon arrival, receptionist at front desk wasn't very friendly. She talked very fast and went over everything with me in 30 seconds. When I asked her to repeat some part of the instructions, she got impatient. After I arrived the room, I found out that the room was full of cigarette smell. I called them. They said the rooms were all supposed to be smoke-free. I smelled the cigarette regardless. They told me to go down to change the room key for the new room. I took the luggage all the way back down and changed the room. I told her the room totally smelled like cigarette, and all she said was "ok". She did not appreciate me telling her or apologize for the inconvenience. I informed her so that she could be considerate and clean it better for the next guest, but she didn't seem like she would do anything about it. They should have done better quality control and checked the room before giving the room to the guests.Neps on Sofa Bed Sheet like Gray Cotton Ballshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hilton-grand-vacations-suites-on-the-las-vegas-strip-las-vegas?select=dEwpxp_0ernT0rxZnpjYlASofa Bed Sheethttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hilton-grand-vacations-suites-on-the-las-vegas-strip-las-vegas?select=3kQxylJTtZEcdTpV91eSKgFree wifi but need to pay $8 parking for each night you stay, so it's the same thing with the other hotels. (In other hotels on the strip, you pay for wifi but it's free parking.The Hilton Grand Vacations presentation was good until the mean managers' appearance in the end. They offer snacks (vending machine type) and refreshments. The sales rep's presentation was wonderful, and she's very sweet. She took me to walk around the hotel. The deal was very tempting, but I cannot afford to join at this moment. I told her I wasn't sure about it. She was totally fine and did not pressure me on this. In the end, she asked her manager to come to offer me the deal. Her manager was a Korean guy. When he came, he asked if I was ready to buy it. I told him I wasn't sure. Then he questioned both me and the sales rep rudely why did we sent him here then. Oops, I am in trouble. I got scared and I said I want to look at the numbers. He offered and I refused. He left, then there was a "survey guy" who came to "do a survey" with me about the presentation, while he's actually the VIP Corporate giving the final push for me to buy. He gave me a more tempting offer, but I had to refuse due to financial reasons, then his face turned black. He was mad.The presentation ended in 90 minutes, which was nice. Glad that I survived out of the presentation debt free, and I got my $50 Caesars dining certificate. Phew!The experience was very disappointing, and I don't think I will stay in any Hilton hotels again.
5	This place is amazing to stay with family! Kids loved the facilities and the pool. Very neat and clean place. Rooms are furnished very nicely. Service was awesome. Perfect for families visiting LV.
5	Second time there & will continue to return. I can't think of a better place for a family.Clean, simple elegance, no casino = no cigarette smell at all. The rooms have a full kitchen, washer/dryer, living room, & all spacious.
5	I took advantage of a timeshare presentation deal and had no idea what to expect when I arrived.  The lobby and service for valet, bellhop (KC was extremely knowledgable and helpful) and check in ( I think it was Enrique, was great the whole time) were everything I could ask for.  I felt calm comfortable and welcomed (really at home) as soon as I arrived.We got a room on the 26th floor overlooking the pool and the strip that was right by the elevator.  It was a GORGEOUS one bedroom sweet with a beautifully laid out kitchen, fully stocked with a large fridge, dishwasher, coffee maker, sink even a washer and dryer with detergent!! There was a great dining room table two flat screen TVs and a couch with a pull out bed.  The bathroom was huge and comfortable with a glorious shower-- everything was pristine and the bath amenities were high quality.  There was a jacuzzi tub near the bedroom and a massive king bed that was super comfortable.  Really I was in awe as soon as I walked in, and it was home immediately!  So much so that we spent an unexpectedly large amount of time just hanging out in our suite and even extended our stay! There were some negatives to the stay overall:The 10am check out time was really rough and unexpected. We had a panic attack at 9:40 because we have been used to 12pm  check outsin our other recent hotel experiencesThe food market downstairs was not great.  The coffee was ill prepared Starbucks and the quality of the breakfast sandwiches and burrito was not high... But their club sandwich was solid.  ( the service was also generally good with only one exception)On one hand, the distance from the main part of the strip is nice, but I do think that was part of why we spent so much time in our suite... It would be nice if Hilton had their own service at a reasonable rate for transportation.Though I realize the concept for the location is to be a home away from home and appears to be family oriented... But it might have been nice to have a game room with maybe some slots or arcade games. Otherwise the pool and the bar by the pool were both lovely (solidly strong drinks). All of the chairs and towel facilities were clean and well maintained.  It was super relaxing!The time share presentation we attended was tiring, but they made good on everything and so did we.  They also offered us snacks and drinks.  Our sales rep was funny and friendly and not too pushy in the end.  It was definitely worth the two hours of our time to stay there!
5	Great stay with great service! Beautiful clean rooms!
5	HGVC is the premier time share world wide. Do not hesitate to stay at this great time share.
3	Overall a pleasant stay during our recent Vegas getaway. I was sucked into the promotional package and we received a great deal but had to endure the two hour time share presentation.  Luckily we had a great salesperson who was polite and professional, but it still was a tiring process since you meet one on one with a sales rep so it can be intense.  I felt a bit tempted by the pressure/ great sounding deal but once reality sunk in, I said no and there weren't any consequences.  We still received a $50 voucher to use on a restaurant at another hotel, 15,000 Hilton points, and a $200 spend the night on us all for sitting through the presentation.  Definitely worth it and the hotel was nice and clean too.  We enjoyed the pool, they have a DJ, drinks and dancing on Friday afternoons but it is mostly families and far different than most Vegas pool clubs.  This is a great hotel if you want to be away from the casinos for business or family travel.   We were at first worried about the location, but we signed up for the Deuce 3 day bus pass for $20 and it came right outside the hotel and stopped at almost all the hotels on the strip so it was a great deal.  The bus also runs 24 hours so you don't have to worry about taking an overpriced late night cab.  The Hilton Grand Vacation on the Strip is not too far from Wynn or Circus Circus.  There are other Hiltons located in better locations on the strip if you want to be near the action. We were able to check in early and check out late.  They treat you well if you are part of Hilton honors.  The pool bar and grill had a pretty solid menu for pool food . The downstairs cafe and Starbucks was overpriced but convenient.
1	I'm a timeshare holder and bought my timeshare many years ago.  For one, I stayed here and we had bed bugs.  Then they moved us into another room.The most aggrevating is the annual fees, every year they seem to go up a couple of hundred dollars and for what we are paying annually now, there is no way we would spend that much if we stayed there at a hotel.  Tried selling my timeshare and its so low priced I might as well give it away free!Very disapointed in the customer service with Owners Association as well, they dont give a crap about your life, all they want is there money and dont be late!
3	We booked a suite here after agreeing to sit thru a timeshare presentation.  The suite was so-so.  Not particularly roomy, and the sleeper sofa was hard as a rock.  It wasn't a good selling point for their vacation properties.  The service was adequate.  Location is a good 1/4 mi from the strip, so you are in for a really long walk, or you will need to drive down to the strip & park in one of the hotel garages.  Oh, and we were charged $8.00 a day to park here.
5	Another great stay at a HGVC. My parents are owners at the Convention Center HGVC but they were booked so we got to stay at this one. I loved it! The parking is close and there is plenty of it. The marketplace in the lobby stays open late. The room was beautiful and clean. It is very family-friendly. The one bedroom is a standard HGVC room with a kitchen (dishwasher, full size refirgerator, washer and dryer), living room and separate bedroom. The living room has a pull out couch. And there is free WiFi.
2	I believe I made the mistake of staying at a timeshare location and expecting decent hotel experience.  After staying at many Hilton brand hotel worldwide and racking up to gold status, I think I just had my worst experience with Hilton here in Vegas.For the four days we stayed here, we got bombarded by daily morning calls from hotel staffs trying to sell us timeshares, which we obviously was not interested, as we did not come under one of those free package, just a business trip with family tagging along.  The room we got was not what they advertised, studio is just a regular room, and having a microwave should not count as having a kitchen.  Everywhere indoor is non-smoking, and we did not use the pool.  I think you get free Wi-Fi regardless of HHonors status, and the password changes every month.Of all my Hilton hotel stays, this was the first one I did not get a welcome letter in the room upon arrival, not a big deal, but it made me wonder how much they care.  For tier members, you supposed to get perks like free bottles of water or something, usually they get delivered to the room daily by cleaning staffs making things convenience like a hotel should...  However, they tried to make it so I have to pick up a coupon of some sort, and then redeem it in the hotel store, which was a hassle for small things like that.  I ended up not bothering with that.The hotel staffs were not very friendly as well, and some of them were like salespersons rather than hotel employees.  They are probably the only hotel that charges a daily parking fee.  I guess staying at the Embassy next time would be a better choice for business travelers, especially for military personnel.
3	UPDATE to the Update:HGVC representative reached out via Yelp and we had interface through email.  Dana was very helpful in remedying our check out situation.  It is very much appreciated.  Its nice to know that HGVC is reading feedback from customer base.**************************************Review Update based on 2 night stay on 30th floor in Tower #2 for same Timeshare presentation (Briefing went well, Millie was very friendly...timing just isn't right for us at this point):PROS/CONS from previous review still remains the same.  Believe some of the sheen has worn off from the last visit.  Still a decent place to stay.  The main difference this time, and the main reason for the deduction of 1 star is the overall stay experience.1.  We were put in a room where it seemed like they were doing repairs on a majority of the rooms in the hall.  Painting, changing out air filters, various other handyman related items.  The paint/air filters smell in the hallway was bothersome.  Think they should really close down the entire hallway of rooms if they are going to take that long and do that many rooms.2. Checkout was super crowded.  And when I called back the next day to discuss charges, did not appreciate how hotel manager handled the call.  Getting the runaround does not endear me to this hotel.Overall, still a good place for the kids when traveling with the family.  After first stay, we didn't hesitate to come back.  After second stay, might have to think a little harder the next time we're in town.(For some reason, get horrible Verizon coverage in the rooms.  Both trips.)
4	Just spent 4 nights here. We are owners at this location and have been since the 1st tower opened but this was our first stay. We were impressed overall with the property and its cleanliness and amenities. Very nice pool area. All the staff was extremely helpful and nice. Bellman Randy was especially helpful on a number of occasions. We are not into gambling or casinos or smelling like ash trays so we appreciate this not being a casino resort and a bit down the strip and catering to families. Only one knock and it may sound petty. We are Hilton Elite members and they offer a few extra perks including an exclusive lounge for Elite members. It was open for a couple of hours in the morning for a continental breakfast and snacks in evening. For the cost of becoming Elite I would've thought they put a little better spread on. Breakfast was some small pastries and a few bagels and coffee. No fruit, yogurt or cereal options or fruit juices. The evening consisted of some cheap crackers and cheese, a few carrots and celery sticks and soft drinks. Several times we popped into lounge in middle of 2 hours it's open and the little food they offered was picked over and the attendant made no effort to fill it up in spite of full hour remaining for lounge to be open. We felt like we were scavenging over crumbs. How about some wine and beer and some decent snacks Hilton? Come on take care of your Elite members! In spite of weak showing in Elite Lounge I will be back.
1	Okay. I know this is going to make me sound like I'm just one of those miserable people who like to complain but that isn't the case here. I have never ever ever in my life stayed in a hotel with such thin walls!! I'm not even kidding, I could hear every single thing going on in the room next to me- every conversation, every sneeze, every hiccup and every freakin time they decided to participate on adult activities. Look, I get it- it's Vegas! But when I can hear it so clearly that I can record it on my phone- that's pretty freakin bad!!! (And it wasn't some loud crazy obnoxious stuff either)Terrible service. When I went to checkout I explained to the person at the counter how awful our stay had been- I even pulled out my phone as evidence- all they gave me was comped parking. Seriously? I will never ever ever stay here again. I'd have better luck at a motel 6.
4	The rooms are very nice, and the staff was super helpful.  We got in very early and they let us check in before noon without any prodding (though we did get a super low floor, which was a fine trade at that point).  The pool area is pretty dead, as many people who stay here are old, but it was a decent size and they had four hot tubs, which means you can find one that is not too crowded.  I was annoyed they did not have a ping pong table like most HGVC resorts.  The main drawback is that the only nice place you can even think about walking to right now is the Wynn, and the walk there is not exactly nice.  You can and should take the Deuce, but it is often super crowded.  This is a good choice if you have a group and want to share a common room or if you have kids, but I personally think the HGVC on Karen Ave. is nicer.
4	About $220 will get you a luxury room at the Hilton on a weekend.  This hotel was pretty nice, as it doesn't have a casino.  Hence, no noise, no smoke, no drunks.  It's a classy joint on the edge of the strip, so you don't get the unruly drunk crowds.The rooms are spacious - King sized rooms with a large living room.  There is a kitchen which includes a fridge, stove, blender, coffee pot, microwave, etc.  Two large flat screen TVs - one in the bedroom, one in the living room.  And, they have a sauna-jet tub in each room.  NICE! Staff are super nice and friendly.  The pool is HUGE and the lifeguards pay attention closely to the little tikes.  The areas are clean.  Parking is plentiful.I'll be back!Product Grade:  A-Service Grade:  A-Worth the Money Grade:  B+Overall Impression Grade:  B+
1	Yeah we took the bait. we were offered a low room rate to come out and check out a timeshare. The service at this location was terrible. I was overcharged for tickets to a show by the concierge. The welcome packet that we were suppose to receive never arrived. This packed gives you some goodies. However, I can't tell exactly since I never received one. I left numerous messages with the welcome staff. No message was ever returned, however when we went down on our day to meet with the timeshare staff to discuss a purchase, the gentlemen at the welcome counter said he just returned our call. Did he? I don't know,and it was way too late if he did. The deli service was incredibly frustrating. A long line of people had materialized and the women on register turn around and looked at us, then turn back around to continue her conversation. Since I am in the service industry, terrible service really frustrates. since we were coming in to evaluate possible ownership in a timeshare you would think that the staff would go out their way to be welcoming and accommodating. This simply did not happen so their were failures to execute even the simplest of task. So, I can't recommend staying here. Go to a Vegas hotel for the service you require or stay here if you want to be on your own. I have to say our timeshare salesperson was professional. If he was in charge maybe things here would be different, but management needs to replace the management at this property.
3	Three kids.We rarely stay in a standard hotel anymore.  If it doesn't have a full kitchen, we ain't stayin' there.  Parents - once you stay in a full kitchen set up, you will follow suit. Trust me.Ok, we stayed here for four days in mid October.  Nice. We do not own here, but we do have similar properties with Marriott. The condo type set up is ideal for the family situation, as it is with most time share set ups.  Believe me. If you have multiple kids, go with the condo type set up with kitchen.This place is a little smaller than the Marriot joints, but it's well appointed and the kitchen is actually a nicer layout than Marriott.The pool. Ok. It has a nice bar, so I can't complain too much.  However, the pool area is sub par for a vacation condo place.  Way too small. Hey, for adults? - nice. Kids? not enuf. You need the good kid stuff, right parents? The more cool kid stuff, especially pool wise, the more time you and wifey (or hubby) have to sample the bar options. Right? Get some slides or something!The location is waaaay at the North end of the Strip.  Circus Circus, Stratosphere, and the Riviera are a reasonable walk. Everything else? You should take stock of your fitness level, sobriety, and number of young kids and consider options such as:Your car; The Deuce (the double decker bus that goes up and down The Strip); or a taxi.  BTW, The Deuce is not a bad choice. $8 for a 24 hr pass, comes every 10 to 15 minutes and has numerous regular stops. They're accustomed to drunk and disoriented people, so that is a plus.Unfortunately, during our stay, the activity room was under renovation.  So, alas we were not able to partake in any ping-pong or billiards.  Which might be a good thing, since ping-pong usually leads to some type of family disturbance.All in all, nice place
3	The Hilton Grand Vacations Suites on the Las Vegas Strip is a great hotel if you're not actually looking for a hotel that is "on the strip." Though technically, it's located on Las Vegas Blvd., it's located on the far north end of the strip and not near anything worth walking to. This hotel is really ideal for families or those staying in Vegas for an extended period of time because it offers some of the comfort and conveniences of home such as separate bedrooms, living and kitchen areas, washer/dryers and even BBQ grills by the pool.Situated near Circus Circus and Stratosphere, the Hilton Grand Vacations Suites on the Las Vegas Strip is located on the far north end of the Las Vegas Strip and is about 15 minutes from Las Vegas McCarran Airport. There's really nothing around here except plenty of construction and the World's Largest Souvenir Shop. Unless you plan on cabbing it everywhere, I really do recommend you have a car if you are planning on staying here. Parking is $8/day and there's an additional charge for valet if you want it. The covered parking garage is located nearby and is within a few minutes to the entrance to the hotel.The hotel itself is pretty nice. It's a non-gaming resort so you don't have to deal with the typical riff raff that's associated with a casino resort. There's no residual smoke in the air or drunks stumbling around with giant beads around their necks. The hotel offers a large pool area with several individual and jacuzzi pools and plenty of space to lay out. Like I said before, there are BBQ grills that guests can use during their stay. It's actually pretty nice to be able to throw some meat on the grill and hang out with your family and friends in the pool. Other than that, there's a poolside restaurant on-site as well as a spa facility, fitness center and a large community family room with flat screen TV's, billiards table, arcade games and even board games that you can rent out.The rooms are well appointed and come complete with everything that you need. The basic studio rooms all have one king bed, kitchenette area and separate bathroom. There is no "two queen/double beds" option for the studio rooms. The kitchenette area is actually really functional and includes a microwave, mini-fridge, coffee maker, toaster, wet bar area, ceramic dishes and metal utensils. The bathrooms are small and feature a shower/tub combo and Peter Thomas Roth products.The suites come in two options, either a one bedroom or two bedrooms. Both suite options have one king bed in the bedrooms and one queen sleeper sofa in the living room. There is no "two queen/double beds" option in the bedrooms. Each suite features a separate living and dining area. The full kitchen comes with a full size refrigerator, oven/stove, microwave, dishwasher, sink, toaster, coffee maker, ceramic plates and metal utensils. The bathrooms are decent size with separate soaking tubs and showers. WiFi is included for all guests staying in a suite.If you like my review, feel free to follow my travel blog.  The link is located in my profile. Thanks!
4	Great option if you are looking for a peaceful stay in Vegas. I definitely recommend this place if you especially are here with your family. The rooms were very large, quiet and comfortable. A nice, wholesome option at the end of the strip.
4	I get it. Vegas style. Not sure if it was because of my status with Hilton or simply the fact that I was in Vegas but the room I got was a huge 1 bedroom apartment with a full granite-stainless steel kitchen, a rainfall shower big enough for the starting line of a basketball team and a 5 person marble jacuzzi (in the bedroom).Getting home and putting my feet up would be an understatement. The staff better be getting paid well because they consistently went above and beyond.NOTE: I like this hotel because it is on the strip but doesn't have a casino inside.
5	This place was AMAZING! We came here for my daughters Karate tournament which was being held down the street at the Riviera... This hotel has ALL the amenities and the most friendly staff ever! From the moment we arrived to the moment we left we felt at home. This is a great place to being the family. It is a non smoking building and there is no casino which is refreshing since you experience enough smoke and casinos when you are out and about on the strip. The pool is beautiful and family friendly. One side has a basketball hoop and a volleyball net in the pool. There is a restraunt/bar poolside and towel service. They went had a DJ at the pool Friday evening and musters around the pool to keep you cool. The rooms are a home away from home... Every detail is there! Full kitchen with oven, stove, microwave, refrigerator, blender, toaster and all the dinnerware you will need for 4. Even a dishwasher with dish washer powder and dish soap for the sink! They have a washer and dryer and laundry detergent. The bathrooms are completely stocked as well along with a jacuzzi tub. We stayed in the 21 floor in tower one and the house keeper was very pleasant and every time we passed her in the hall she spoke to us like family and always offered assistance... Her name was Maria. We left iPads, cameras and a laptop in the room and it was untouched. They also have a complete gym, rec room, and a pool table. We will definitely be back and we are considering a time share there because our stay was so wonderful!
5	Very impressed. Beautiful pool area, and 1-bedroom suites are fully equipped with a nice kitchen, spacious bath and cozy bedroom. Two TVs and dvd player make it possible to watch movies at night while spouse sleeps in separate bedroom. On-site marketplace has reasonably-priced food and beverages for snacks or a small meal. Plus, no casino means no late night drunks on the elevator and no smoke smell. We may have found our next regular place to stay in Vegas.
4	This hotel is a great but I don't know that I'd stay there again.  This is a property for Hilton Grand Vacation owners and those they are trying to sell to.  I'm not interested nor do I have the extra money for a timeshare, but we (my husband and I) decided to take the offered deal and enjoy our first trip to Vegas.  Upon arrival, the valets were able to provide change for our taxi driver which was greatly appreciated, and while checking in, I inquired about the availability of a freezer, as at the time, I was a nursing mom intending to pump while I was away and wanted to freeze the milk before getting on an airplane.  The regular rooms which we were booked in only had mini fridges, but the receptionist upgraded us, free of charge, into a penthouse which boasts a full fridge.  I was EXTREMELY grateful and was extra appreciative when the staff made an exception for me and stuck my stash in the employee fridge after our check out but before our flight.  Probably TMI, but I am so thankful to the folks that helped me out.Our room was large, thanks to our upgrade, and clean.  The view left something to be desired - you could see down the strip...but passed a big construction project.  Oh well....we didn't plan on spending much time in the room anyway.The Hilton Grand Vacations sales pitch wasn't as bad as we expected.  My hubby and I were all pumped up ready to help each other give a resounding no to their expectedly pushy offers, but it wasn't needed.  I think as soon as we sat down and said it was our first trip away from our new baby, they knew they weren't going to sell us.The thing that would keep us from a return visit is the location from the strip.  It's walkable but a pretty decently long walk, especially if you're shooting for Planet Hollywood and beyond.  The walk also takes you past the decrepit Circus Circus and some sad looking, empty lots complete with hobos.  I recommend taking the bus that runs up and down the strip.  Really, I'd recommend trying out their newer property that was under construction during our visit.  It's right in the thick of it on the strip.  This particular location, I would think, is best for a family that wants to enjoy Vegas and be in close proximity to the Strip but not ON it.
4	The place is getting a little old, but they are doing a great job keeping in modern and updated.  The 1 bedroom suite (complete with a full kitchen and washer & dryer) I had on my last visit was newly remodeled and very nice.  After my last visit I wasn't sure it would be in decent shape....  The staff are friendly and quick to assist you if you need anything, the valet service is accommodating but can take a little while if they are booked.  The place needs a restaurant & the location to the strip isn't the best, but the hotel is great if you don't like the ding ding ding of a casino at your hotel.  I will return!
3	When you just get done with six hours of traveling, the last thing you want is problems getting to a bed.  I took the elevator up many floor, and walked to the very end of the hallway with my luggage, to find my key didn't work! I hunted down an employee to help, and the employees were nice, but I found myself sitting on the floor for fifteen minutes! I was waiting on security to show up.  I finally gave up waiting, and carried my luggage back to the lobby to get a new key.  So, I finally get into my hotel and crash.  I wake up get ready to experience Vegas, and found that my front door to the hotel never locked!Oh my, oh my! That was not what I was expecting.  On the other hand, once the door situation was under control, the rooms were very nice, and the bathroom was huge.  The hotel was very clean, and the restaurants were pretty decent.  I would have rated higher if the door situation wasn't a hot mess, because the hotel is actually nice.
1	Stay away from Hilton and their Grand Vacation scam.  I sat through the timeshare sales pitch for hours, I respectfully declined, of course Hilton did not "Honor" their commitment of 15,000 Honors points for going through the time consuming heavy handed pitch, Hilton now says yes its been nine weeks, maybe another six weeks and the points will be there, yeah right.  Read the thousands of consumer complaints online about Hilton timeshare, you are buying a chunk of ever increasing maintenance fees and taxes while the property you select is not available for the time you choose.  It's all a scam to boost earnings so Hilton's Wall Street owners could unload some of their stock which they did this month, mission accomplished!
3	The hotel and hotel staff are great. I like staying at Hiltons and as far as a place to stay, this is good. The location isn't the best since you have to take a cab anywhere you are going, but the room and the building are nice.If you can avoid having to sit through a timeshare sales presentation, I would do so. The discounted stay at the hotel was definitely not worth the bad taste the 2 1/2 hour sales gauntlet of despair left in my mouth.So if you are already an "owner" and have "made a commitment to yourself" regarding vacations, then yes, this is a good place to stay.If you're like the rest of us and can't stand high pressure sales douchebaggery, I would pass on any deals you might think you are getting for sitting through a sales presentation because it's definitely not worth it. I would gladly go back in time and pay to not have to sit through that thing again.
3	This is Vegas, damnit. The hot-tub shouldn't close. Ever. Front desk clerk was bitchy.Rooms were very nice and clean, though small. Was kind of a last resort kind of stay. After staying out all night in Vegas, at least give me some coffee and tea I can make in the morning to get up! And some mouthwash, please...
2	Disappointing!  I have stayed here many times however the last several months the service has really slipped.  They are not very friendly at the front desk, and don't do anything to recognize Hilton Honors status other than a couple of bottles of water, don't expect an upgrade even when the place is empty, you would think they would want to take care of their loyal members when the rooms are sitting empty.  Today the rep forgot to give me a parking pass so when I went back up the two employees at the owners check in area stood and talked to each other while I stood there waiting and watching, finally they asked what I needed.  Once I told them what happened, no apology, just a comment that it is $8 a day for self parking.  On the positive side, they have a Great gym but at this point I don't think it out-weighs the lack of respect at check in.
4	My parents own the timeshare, so we didn't have to sit through any presentations or sales pitches. Check-in and check-out was quick and easy; the hotel itself is really beautiful and has a nice sized gym. We are sharing a 2 bed, 2 bath with my parents and I was immediately impressed. The bathroom is updated, we have a huge bed and a kitchenette, plus a common living room with a full size kitchen.The one really great thing is that you're on the strip sort of near the action, but you're not right in the middle of it. Our room was really quiet, which is so awesome when you're traveling for business. They need to extend the hours of the pool though! It closes at 8PM and when you're working a trade show and have to attend dinner meetings, it means you don't get to use the pool or spa.
5	This is my second stay here and I must say, this is one of my favorite hotels. And I'm in hotels more than my own bed. Valet is very reasonable and they are efficient and considerate. The check in process is easy and quick. The entire staff is welcoming and friendly. The room (that I book) is a one bedroom suite and its like being in an apartment. A fully equipped kitchen allows me to cook my own meals and be relaxed at "home". The jacuzzi tub is a huge plus. And the walk-in shower is amazing. Finally, if you're interested, they have timeshares too!
4	Pretty decently located in Las Vegas. We would have walked more vs. taking cabs but the weather in the beginning of the month there was not fantastic. We took a cab to the middle of the strip for about $15. Not bad at all.Service was exceptional, the rooms were nice. We just had a king studio sweet but we had a little kitchenette with a microwave, sink, and refrigerator.  One negative was the really weak shower and terrible shower head. Had hardly any flow and felt like it took ages to rinse out my hair. They may use soft water also which would have contributed to the not feeling rinsed off issue. Then the shower curtain liner was really short and definitely did not keep any of the water in the bathtub but that really was a small minute thing.Their cafe and Starbucks downstairs was always busy of course and they were still quick. It was quiet which was nice but if you want the true Vegas feel this isn't the place for you. WIFI was free, major plus. No hidden resort fees. Did have to pay for parking, $8 per day. Not horrible.
5	Room was great, staff were friendly.  The best part was the spa; I had the BEST message ever from Wally!  I won't go anywhere else in Vegas for a message because Wally is awesome !!!
2	Let me start out by saying despite the low rating, this Hilton does have some redeeming qualities: the people are friendly, it's clean, the rooms are nice, it has a decent pool.  But you can get that a lot of places.The "On The Las Vegas Strip" part of the title of the hotel is very misleading.  It is technically on the strip, yes, but it is a 20 minute walk past abandoned construction sites to get to anything other than Circus Circus.  I ended up taking taxis to get anywhere most of the time, and learned that the large building across the street had been under construction/abandoned since 2008, along with several other properties around this hotel in similar situations.  This is not "On The Strip".There's a pool bar with a menu and drinks, but there's no restaurant in this hotel.  You can go down to the first floor and order a $15 frozen pizza that they heat up for you, or have one delivered to your room, but if you want to sit down for a nice meal, you're out of luck.  This I find completely inexcusable.  I'm in Vegas for the love of Todd - I'm there to either gamble (can't do that at the hotel), eat (can't do that at the hotel), or see a show (can't do that at the hotel).  Total disappointment, and a poor representation of Hilton.It actually seems like they're using this hotel specifically to coerce people into timeshares, although I can't believe they have good luck with it given the lack of amenities at the property.  I'm just assuming that based on the number of people I spoke with who were there on 'free' vacations if they listened to a presentation and high pressure sales pitch on timeshares.Anyway - like I said.  If you don't care about being 'on the strip' or don't mind taking a taxi every time (ranged from about $10-$20 for a one-way trip depending on traffic), and don't care about close by food options, and don't want to gamble at your hotel, this is probably fine.  But if you want the Vegas experience, head south more and actually stay on the strip.
1	Have been an HGVC owner since 2001.Love the properties, and the great flexibility of accessing properties throughout the world.  But we never expected the "Strong Arm" techniques we experienced today!!We sat on a two hour update for new owners, knowing we would be pitched for a new purchase.  When we said "no", a manager was brought in.  He pitched a deal, when we said no, he pitched two more deals, all the while suggesting what fools we were for not taking the offers. When we said no, they brought in a "corporate" manager who offered a different great deal.Worse the being in a car dealer!!!Do Not attend sales pitches in Vegas!!!! No matter what freebies they offer.Sleazy, Grimey, Pushy....Let me continue.....Pirahnas, how many times does one have to say no!If you attend a presentation, and I suggest you do (too many freebies to turn down), please listen for the following cues, then stop thinking its a good deal.  Do an Emotional Shut Down, nod, nod.  Then start saying no in as many polite ways you know possible.  They will not listen for the first 20 minutes or so, then be prepared for the Uber pressure.  Smile and say no.Here are the cues:I have kids just like yoursI come from same part of countryI love that we like the same thingsMe too, will retire soonNo way! that's where I went to schoolMy plans exactlyThat's where I grew upMe too, I hate pressure salesCan you really afford not to purchase and continue wasting $$$$$ by not being an owner?I get it, you dont want to buy, but this deal is only good for today. Yes, you can discuss among yourselves, you have 5 minutes.what is vacation budget? $$$$$How do you plan yo retireHow can you plan to retire without a vacation portfolio! Damn sales people, what a waste of time!!!Then take your HHonors points and split!!
2	It was decent, but for the price and being in Vegas I will not stay there again. For me I've stayed in nicer Vegas hotels for the same price.  Not in walking distance of anything worthwhile except for Circus-Circus (...only if you have kids and you want to take them to the arcade).  Oddly poor lighting and internet were annoying and noticed by everyone.Two TVs and kitchen suites were nice laundry machine and dish washer in rooms.LOCATION: It is away from the quality casinos. and has the Circus-Circus, the Stratosphere nearby, and a few small crappy casinos, so it is not a busy area, or in walking distance of anything worthwhile. If you don't care about being 'on the strip', head south more and actually stay on the strip.WTF!?! CONS: sporadically working, slow internet and oddly dim lighting. Recently had a wedding with friends and family, and we stayed in multiparty rooms on different floors. 2 things stood out poor internet and lighting.  This 2 minor issues kinda sucked, otherwise I would give it 3 stars and maybe more if it wasn't in Vegas where the hotels really compete for affordable prices and quality. Felt like I was staying in The Shining's OVERLOOK Hotel with the weird overly dim lighting trying to get old  timey dial up to work at times.Internet is free; however it is fairly terrible, and sometimes seemingly unusable for phone or laptop. Everyone had issues trying to use the internet- no matter what floor or where they were in the building.  Also everyone had with dim lighting.  You never think of lighting or internet being an issue, until you are stuck somewhere. Anyhow seems like the hotel uses dim LED lights, that are either too low power or too old to cast much light.LOCATION: Circus Circus & Stratosphere. Need to take a cab or bus to get anywhere. Large building across the street has been under construction/abandoned since 2008, along with several other properties around this hotel in similar situations.  This is not "On The Strip".There's a pool bar with a menu and drinks, but there's no restaurant in this hotel. Seems like they're using this hotel specifically to coerce people into timeshares. although all we were offered was a continental breakfast, and a "mystery prize" valued at supposedly $200 (possibly off of an airline ticket, that would be likely very difficult to use).  I don't know what the timeshare push is like and whether it is a hard or soft sell.Other observations: small gym, coffee-shop restaurant (bagel sandwiches), and  pool.Paid parking required everyday, but there is also valet, which can be less expensive if you take your vehicle out once or twice a day, and tip decently. Everyone had positive experience with the staff who seemed to be friendly.
4	Stayed for a week with 2 teenagers and a 10 yr old. Very nice suites, non smoking, loved the full kitchen and washer/dryer. Pool was nice and fun for all. Everyone in our family used the gym and enjoyed it. Dad (me) was able to walk to casinos to play if we were not driving down the strip. Overall, I would say it is a wonderful place for families to stay
3	This was a convenient locaiton off the strip - here's why:1 - Room - We had a suite, and it proved very useful in avoiding the cost of overpriced meals in Vegas.  There's a grocery store within a mile or so to stock up on food (Smith's).  The suite shower leaked all over the bathroom, which was a nuisance.  However, there was ample space, the tub was nice, the bed was comfy, and the maid service was amicable.2 - Pool - the pool was standard with plenty of sun and shade.  3 - Front Desk - I guess the negatives have to be attributed to bad patrons.  We were stuck in line behind a group that couldn't pay their bill, and we had to wait for that to be settled before we were served.  Another night, we were cut by a couple and the women at the desk served them before us, which was rude.4 - Proximity - We got an $8 24hr bus pass, which was a great way of getting to the strip any time day or night (but not leaving the strip at night...unsafe).  The Hilton is walkable to Circus Circus and the Riviera (older casinos) and it is right by a Ross and CVS if you need to buy any last minute travel goods.Overall, I would consider staying again, but it is nothing special and doesn't scream VEGAS! like I am sure the casino or strip hotels do.
1	Beware!Called to see about some initial reservations and was encouraged to speak to someone else about some "free" travel points.As expected, turned out to be a deal which would include a time-share talk. Okay, they were going to give me a great deal and after several times of being placed on hold to confirm my request for the 2 bedroom suite, they provided a confirmation number and charged my credit card.I was doing this because my niece was going to be celebrating her 30 birthday in Vegas and the five of us had previously secured separate hotel rooms. I was excited that we would all be able to now stay together, so I emailed everyone with the good news and some then cancelled their previous reservations.Within a couple hours however, I was left a voice message indicating that "that scheduled date is actually unavailable, but you can come in a day earlier or later".I immediately called back and talked with someone who then was going to get us a scheduled arrival for the subsequent day and promised to call back prior to his shift ending.When I heard nothing from John, I called back and spoke to Stephen who said he was gone for the day. When I explained the situation he agreed to refund my deposit and indicated he would email me an acknowledgement that he was cancelling the reservation.Guess what? No email. They did refund the deposit, but it was a very manipulative, unprofessional experience. But careful of wolves in sheep clothing (they all sounded so nice on the phone, but nobody followed through).I realize you get a different animal with time share folks, but outright deceit?Beware my friends...
3	Good location if you are interested in attractions in close proximity to Las Vegas but not necessarily the shows, casinos and shops - they are more than a mile away!Nicely appointed, helpful and pleasant staff. Units contain stoves, microwaves, washer and dryer - so bring your own food and enjoy the quiet and ambience.
2	I'm currently staying here. Leave tomorrow morning. We are guests of an owner and are staying in a studio suite.  First day we got three phone calls to come get our "welcome package". When we picked it up (pretty useless stuff) we got pitched to attend a sales meeting (can't remember what they called it). Told them I'd think about it. Day 2 we got two more phone calls to attend the meeting. Day 3 another phone call. This time I answered the phone. Told the guy I'd think about it and let him know. He kept pushing so I said I wasn't interested. Now, They are supposed to clean the room on the third day of your stay if you stay over 5 days. We are staying 6. Room didn't get cleaned, so I phoned. Guy on the phone now says 7 day stay required. I said 5, so he put me on hold for 5 minutes to check. Finally came back on and said they would clean the room that day (day 4). Can't help but think this was as a result of my declining the sales pitch. There is a strange white dust that seems to come out of the air conditioner. Internet is still screwed as the previous reviewer mentioned. Works great for a while, then just stops. The pool is nice, and the hotel is pretty clean. The deli is about $1 more for everything than the cvs next door, except the liquor. Then it's about $5 more. Judging by the rates I see posted, I don't think I would pay to stay here  I think the prices are high compared to other properties. Staff seem friendly, but I tend not to interact with them too much.
3	I'm going to set aside the timeshare pitch and just review the accommodations...PROS: Super-friendly staff, clean, no casino in the building = no smoke smell and quiet, gardens and pool area well maintained, helpful concierge and good options for different room configurations depending on your needs. CONS: Internet still sucked as other reviewers mentioned, bathroom was dark, short shower curtain liner was difficult to manage to avoid soaking the floor, no sit-down restaurant and distance from the action on the strip. I would probably opt to stay somewhere with better proximity to the main part of the strip next time.
1	UPDATE 5/1/14:  I see where someone from Hilton made a response to my post but interesting enough, no one was able to give me any feedback or a return call on the investigation into my missing item when I called their insurance provider (Sedwick) and emailed their lost prevention person (Caleb R).  I finally got a generic letter in the mail today basically saying SCREW YOU--NOT OUR PROBLEM.  So much for good Hilton Honors Customer Service - NOT!!!!  Needless to say once I replace the laptop I will be seeking to invest/purchase timeshare property with another organization and NOT Hilton!!!  I thought the LVH (formerly Las Vegas Hilton) was the only bad seed int he bunch but now I think the entire chain is corrupt.This review is regarding the housekeeping staff.....  BEWARE-- they are thieves. Laptop was left in room upon checkout but when I called the security/lost & found department there was no record of the cleaning crew turning it in -- which is standard procedure at any business.  Nice rooms but be  careful of your valuables being left out.
5	This hotel was nice it's more family type though. The room was clean it was like a little apartment. Had it's own little kitchen, living room and of course the restroom. Also had a washer and a dryer a little jacuzzi. Overall the stay was good we had to ask for extra towels and blankets.
1	Customer Service is not the strong point here. This is my 1st negative review I have ever left anyone/business. I got a sales call to book a trip to Las Vegas - I listned to the pitch and thought it seemed ok. I paid $400 for the package and when I called back to book, they told me that the fields in their system for email and phone number had been enetered incorrectly and that is why I had not received any follow up calls or emails about my trip that needed to be booked before they charged me another $50 for not calling in time to book. As I was speaking to the man booking my trip I mentioned that I had orginally paid more to have the upgraded 2 room suite and he said he didn't see that in the notes........hmmmm after more digging around he said "oh, I see it now" ok we can book that room for you. Then he said I could call him back to change the dates if I needed to as I told him I didn't want to commit to the date at that time. He said here is my extension and you can call me to change it. So I called and left messages for him to call me back, no call backs. Now I call them back again to speak to another representative only to find out if I cancel or change my booking I have to pay another $130. I said fine, I want to cancel and just refund the $400 I already paid that I am not using and you didn't earn. Explained I was pregnant and found out I cant travel. I asked if there was anything in California I could go to? "No" was the answer. Ok so now you are going to keep my money, for no services rendered and try and charge me another $130. totally not cool. Not as if the Hilton is exactly hurting for money but they are hurting in customer service.
4	"On the strip" location but very convenient and quick cab ride to the main hotels. Staff was helpful and nice. I was lucky enough to cash in on a friend's Hilton Honors points and stayed in a penthouse on the 39th floor. Room was great! Nice full kitchen, washer dryer, spa tub, living room, the works!! I'd stay here again!
4	We were a little hesitant after reading some of the critical reviews. Our stay was excellent! Easy to get to, easy drop off of our vehicle (valet), easy check in (admittedly it was late), Very nice, Large, 1-bedroom Suite, with separate jacuzzi tub and large shower and kitchen. Our bed was made and the room refreshed each day while we were away enjoying the sights of LV. We liked the gentle security check upon arrival, the valet, and everyone we interacted with.
1	February 22nd 2014Is there a button for zero stars? To keep it short and simple I have been on the phone three different occasions for 3 hour periods. My 2 friends and I are going on a trip to Las Vegas for three nights. Every time I believe my issue is resolved, they pull a fast one to screw over the customer. I was pitched a package that was $200 dollars for 3 nights stay, 100 dollar hilton certificate, free dinner for 2, free VIP show passes. I AM A FULL TIME COLLEGE STUDENT AND 22 YEARS OLD. I repeated this to the salesman at least 5 times making sure I qualified. He guaranteed me that I qualified due to my cell phones area code. (sleazy pitchman move to get his commission and blatantly lie to me )  I also was promised I would stay at the Elara, Hiltons more central location to the strip. April 7th 2014Well when I call to confirm everything is status quo, the manager told me that I did not meet the requirements and could have a refund. I never received a call that I did not meet the requirements. What if I did not check up and was stranded in Vegas with know place to stay? I talked to the manager who was extremely rude, Brian Gonzalez to look back at the recorded conversation. He negligently obliged and said he would give me a call back. After he realized the sales man LIED to me several times and it was not my fault, he called back with a different attitude allowing me to stay at the Elara for the discounted rate but would not be receiving any of the perks promised. That was fine with me I did not need all of that stuff I just wanted a cheep place to stay for my birthday weekend. May 17th 2014.I wanted to triple check that I would be able to stay at the Elara Hotel in the South Las Vegas Strip vicinity. I call the Elara hotel and am told that I do not have an existing reservation... WHAT!!! I call back Brian Gonzalez to see what had happened over the past month. He told me that I had always been booked at the Hilton Grand Vacation Suites. He was extremely rude and short with me when I asked him to review our conversation on April 7th 2014. He personally called me and booked me at the Elara. Knowing he was lying, he refused to look back at the call! He kept repeating that I was always booked at the Hilton Grand Vacation Suites. THIS WAS NOT WHAT I PAID FOR. Instead of making it right I asked for someone higher up than him. He said to call customer service based in Orlando. I called Hilton Grand Vacations headquarters in Orlando and talked to a supervisor there. They gave me the same run around about the Elara being full and I should have booked earlier. The supervisor in Orlando told me we had two options, either pay for an upgraded room ($56) a night, (The first recruiter told me we could fit 4 people but now I guess the maximum capacity is 2) or receive my money back. At this point I had already bought show tickets, concert tickets, and airfare. I needed somewhere to stay and last minute it was very expensive. I paid to upgrade to the two bedroom suite, they could not even comp me that.CHECKLIST: Promised Elara Hotel and all of the perks and did not receive any of them.Had to PAY $168 to get the suite. (The first marketing guy who sold us this package said the standard room could fit 4)Elevated heart pressure and increased dismay towards Hilton (not really the heart pressure but still) 9 hours of phone calls defending myself for me to be disrespected, lied to, and over charged.After all the confusion and hassle they did not even offer an upgrade or a comped roomPLEASE NOBODY GET SCAMMED ON THIS RIDICULOUS "DEAL"I hold Hilton to a higher standard than this. I have never felt so disrespected in my life and will NEVER stay at a Hilton again. NEVER will I stay at this hotel that is for sure. I hope someone from the Hilton sees this and makes things right. PS: Sorry that was not to short or simple at all
5	Coming to Vegas with kids is always met with that risk of questioning, why?Kids and vegas don't go that well in most peoples eyes and I even questioned how they would go.However when you're from Australia and you have no Vegas like outlet in our country and you've done Disneyland, Vegas is a nice change up and only 4 hours drive from California through the mountains and into the Nevada desert, it makes for a nice road trip.This was the second time to sin city for my wife and I and the first as a family.IMO There is no better place to stay in Vegas that this place and that's whether you have a family or not.  Firstly, no casino and that's a big one, it smells good and looks great, it's far enough away from the centre of the strip to work well.  Deuce bus leaves for the strip right outside, which runs all night, there is no reason to stay in the middle of the strip unless you love gambling or getting drunk flat out.  Or love the smell of smokey hotels.Hilton Grand Vacations was the best hotel I've stayed in, we stayed in a suite which was clean, well fitted out, great king sized bed, queen sized sofa bed, laundry facilities in our room, awesome pool, friendly staff, very well priced for what you get.  This is a hotel away from the madness with the options to lay by the pool in silence or head to the strip or Fremont street via bus in no time at all, anytime of the night.There is a cafe downstairs, gym and on-site parking - $8 per day.The hotel is next door to a CVS and up on the next block is Circus Circus, so for people who know the strip, it's away from the madness and is safe.My wife enjoyed a massage on Mother's Day at the Eforea spa, she said it too was the best such experience and everyone was so friendly.This place works and I highly recommend this hotel, we will come back to vegas, we had a great time and our kids loved it.  This is the only hotel we will be staying at in future and one I'll recommend to everyone.Thank you Hilton for making this such a memorable hotel experience during our recent holiday in the states.
5	One of the best Hilton experiences, ever!I decided to stay here for a business trip. Farther up the strip, no casinos, more bang for the buck. I had the suite with the separate living room and kitchen.  Barely used the kitchen, but great to know that this location offers a full kitchen and laundry (in your room). Bathroom was large with separate tub and shower. Only recommendation on that is to increase the lighting in the bathroom...somewhat dark.The staff is what makes this Hilton! Maid service was amazing. From the moment I checked in, the front-desk got to know me. I stopped night after night for different questions, and they remembered me. Actually wanted to know how my stay was going.I had a pedicure at the spa at the hotel while I was there. Great service for the price.Wifi free too! Just a bit slow sometimes. Pool is somewhat small. Yet, there isn't a lack of seating or entertainment. Waves Bar staff are always walking around taking orders for food and drinks. Plus, the Marketplace is open to at least midnight each night to grab last minute food. Of course, there is no room service or full service restaurant, but you can grab a cab up the strip for that! Would stay here again!
5	Amazing location! The towers are new, nice, and luxurious. Staff is a Hilton trained staff- very professional and accommodating. Rooms have beautiful views down the boulevard.
4	Came here for a meeting with the Hilton Grand Vacations timeshare rep.I mean.. their courtesy to whomever they invite to this program is just impecable.We got picked up and dropped off at our hotel in a Hilton stretch limo.That's insane.The rooms here are decently priced and also includes suites with kitchenette and washer/dryer.We would love to have signed up for their timeshare program but we decided to not do it at this time since there are more important priorities.. And I'm not sure if i like the Hilton hotels that much. I love to splurge on hotel stays.But if you do have money you don't mind spending on points for timeshare travels.. def look into Hilton... We might do it once we have kids.
1	Man I did not like this place at all. Yes they have a nice looking room but it was so gross walking around. I took my shoes off and walked around to unpack my stuff and literally 10 minutes later, my bf comments on how black my feet are and I know my feet wasn't black from anything else. The floors still felt sticky after I washed them. I forgot which room we had but it was some sort of suite. We were told we would have a bedroom with 2 beds and a pull out bed. We only had one bed and the pull out bed so another couple had to take the uncomfortable bed. Idk if this place is always strict but since we went edc weekend, they told us something about us having to have 4 room keys so we don't wander around getting locked outside our rooms of half our group wants to go home early.  Understandable. But every time we walk into the hotel we have to show a card. This hotel allows NO visitors if you want to come here by yourself. It's freakin edc weekend! I understand you're not on the strip but this is Vegas, you really can't allow someone to not come in to the hotel without a key unless you walk them in? Another issue is their parking. NOT FREE. Don't bother coming here. Pay a little extra for a nicer hotel on the strip because the parking adds up daily. 8 bucks self park, 13 valet plus tip. We rented a car and asked to have it valet all days we stayed there. Then someone from my room borrowed the car and another friend from another hotel tried picking me up and get ready at our hotel but can't even park here because you need a permit. The lady at the self parking was a complete bi@tch btw. Her customer service was garbage. Don't come here. Stupid strict hotel and ruining the Las Vegas experience.
5	This Hotel is great, I love the fact that we don't have people wondering in and out of the hotel by having a casino inside. The service is great, and the rooms are great as well.
5	Love it!Great place, great for families. I've never seen a pool with so many amenities including handicap access chair & tons of pool toys for the kids.Food is delicious, maid service is super attentive, and it was just a great experience over all.Negatives- walls are thin so you can hear neighbors, you have to take a cab to the strip, & no casino in hotel.
5	Came here for a meeting with the Hilton Grand Vacations timeshare rep. The lady on the phone made it sound like I was getting two rooms for a total of 3 people. I received one bedroom and a pullout couch. The room included a full kitchen, washer/dryer, bathtub in room (separate from bathroom), and dinning table. The room service people were attentive and everything was clean. The time share reps weren't too pushy, when you say no to the first person they bring another person, once you say no again, they bring one more person. The deal seemed great but it wasn't the right time for me. I received all dinner and show voucher. The only location walkable is circus circus. Other than that there are buses called "the deuce bus" that has stop right next to the hotel. $8 for a 24hr pass or $20 for 3 days. The bus goes all along the strip and the buses pass by frequently. Be careful  jaywalking when arriving to the hotel on the Deuce bus, we saw someone get hit by a car (pedestrians fault).
1	Of all the many Hilton properties I've stayed at over the past 60 years, I can truthfully say this is the absolute worst one EVER. The amenities are feeble (the WiFi barely works; at least they don't charge you for it). The room they stuck me in is so small I have to go outside to change my mind. No decent place to eat in the hotel. It's too far from anything you'd want to do in Las Vegas to enjoy it. It might as well be in Omaha. The staff is okay, but the hotel itself is noisy, riddled with families running wild, and altogether just a horrible place. And they wanted me to buy a time share in this pit? I don't think so. Really, avoid this like the plague (and even the plague might be better).
1	Horrible Hilton- as a thirty year business traveler I stay in hundreds of rooms per year. I understand hospitality. I stay at this property the last two nights however, never again.They just don't get it. One example, I was working out at their gym and ask to use an upright bike only to be told No by the person using it.They'd been on it for One Hour. Other wanted to use it as well. This is common courtesy for any guest. I reported this to the hotel manager Dominick and security David on behalf of all. They did nothing. After one hour seventeen minutes the person monopolized the bike with No consideration of all other guest and the management condoned it. It their defense I now know they don't understand Customer service and courtesy for all guest. Bad leadership.
1	I have been looking for a timeshare to use.  I reviewed Marriott, Disney, and finally Hilton.  I decided against Marriott and will now go with Disney.  This Hilton experience was high pressure trying to get me to sign now.  Completely opposite of the other brands I visited.  Compared to the other facilities this Hilton is in poor condition, their offerings are small compared to others (although they verbally state they have more properties, which they might, but they are their hotels of which the bulk are lower quality).  They spend a lot of time showing sites through their partner RCI of which Disney also uses.  I simply did not see the value here, did not appreciate the experience, and the cost is much higher than Disney for less value (value as measured by what I and my family are looking for).  To be fair if Hilton had more of the value you are looking for, then this might work for you.
4	Very clean, very helpful staff.  I loved the pool!  My husband and I stayed for 4 nights here.  The food was delicious!  Small draw back was that the bar drinks were pricey.  Medium draw back, not a casino and not close to a casino about a mile walk.
1	Customer service issues!! Geez, I was simply trying to have a bottle of champagne delivered to a pals room at check-in to celebrate his recent accomplishment and I got the run around! I was hung up on by the deli/ restaurant 3x at different points in our conversation...then right when I thought we could finish the transaction during my fourth attempt I was transferred to someone who had no clue how to help me. REALLY this is las vegas I am confident that people plan small surprises all the time....my gosh please make something small like this easier for friends like me who can't be in Vegas but want to help celebrate from afar. I am saddened that I couldn't make this small gesture happen.
2	I mean this hotel is gorgeous and rooms are very beautiful and comfortable. The gym is nice and so is the pool area - dont get me wrong. It's just that they are so STRICT! We came for EDC weekend and our friends couldn't even visit us and get ready with us because they needed a damn key and the security at the front was checking everyone for their keys. Like what kind of hotel does that?? We just want to spend some time with our friends and we couldn't even do that. Also, parking costs money which sucks. We pay for your rooms and we can't even get parking or vallet free? And the wifi barely works! I had online homework I had to complete that weekend and I couldn't even get it done because the stupid wifi kept on disconnecting. Don't bother going here, just go to the many hundreds of other hotels that Vegas has to offer. 2 stars for it being a beautiful hotel and the vallet guys were super nice.
5	Came here with the family for four days... It's was a perfect location on the strip but far away from the strip..... Room was great and service was even better! Especially the bellman were on it and super helpful!!!Pool area isn't very big and only 3ft 6inches Which is great for the younger ones... They do have an 18 older area which was nice . Recreation room was ok had a pool table and tv with two coaches... You could also check out DVD to watch in your room Overall or stay was a great experience , we would gadfly return!
5	This place was freaking so awesome so clean everything needed and more loved laundry in rooms it was huge and loved security I will totally be staying here again the beds were so comfy!!!!!!
3	Decent place to stay.  Wasn't sure what to expect with the time share pitch.  They said it would take approximately an hour but it really took over 2 hours.  The saleswoman was pretty aggressive which was to be expected.  However when we decided not to purchase we still got the initially promised gifts of a show, dinner and $100 off voucher for our next stay.  Drinks and food downstairs were really expensive.  Only go for the convenience factor.  There's a cvs within walking distance but it's only open until around midnight if I recall correctly.  They do supply Peter Thomas Roth toiletries which is nice and a small fridge in the room.  Didn't watch any TV since we preferred to be out and about at night until pretty late.  Daytime was pretty unbearably hot so preferred to sleep in.  Saw a decent pool but didn't try it.
3	I liked staying here because the rooms were kept extremely clean. As a "germaphobe," I almost always avoid staying at hotels that are not at least rated 4 stars. However, there are many downfalls to this place. For one, it is ABSOLUTELY FARRRRRR from central strip (even though this IS technically on the strip). We had to take a taxi every time we wanted to go somewhere because nothing was within walkable distance. For two, this place lacks in amenities. The check-in area is not grand enough and the general space/pool area is pretty small. Given Hilton isn't as top quality as others such as Bellagio and Venetian, but I expected more since we're talking about Vegas here. Lastly, there are barely any food options in this hotel. There is a cafeteria area with a couple mini "shops" where you can purchase pizza, sandwiches, or packed sushi. I tried their pizzas and nigiri sushi and thought it tasted average. In conclusion, I probably won't be staying here again, even though I did appreciate the cleanliness of our rooms.P.S., they also went over from our designated check-in time by 1-2 hours because they were still cleaning the rooms (so punctuality may not be a priority to them?).
4	For the value, the Hilton Vacation Suites were hard to beat... while still on the Strip, it is a not a "strip" experience. It is more of a family friendly alternative. If you came with the kids (smh) like we did, the 2 bedroom suite will definitely offer much more than most other hotels on the strip, key word for the kids here was, "Wi-Fi"... yay! The mini condo was outfitted with a large gourmet kitchen, washer/dryer combo, two rooms and two bathrooms.. we found a great deal online and on top of that, we saved beaucoup bucks by cooking our own dinner and breakfast... The pools were nice for the kids, left a little to be desired for the adults. Though it was nice that the bar was adjacent. There was a great gym, and activity area. The spa was also a nice mini vacay for me, I treated myself to a pedi, $62. It was nice, but not sure if it was $62 nice.In any case, this hotel is great if you are looking for something that is "off the strip" but technically not off the strip. Great for families and wonderful, clean rooms.
5	I truly the Hilton Brand of Hotels and Suites!  This location truly exceeded my expectations :). Every amenity mention was superb and the staff were very accommodating.  The food was delicious and the even had daily menu specials.The spa was serene and the pool bar/grill was the best. They even had grills for guest to have there own BBQ and cabanas available as well.  The grocery store was very well stocked and even had gluten free options! :).
5	Great value and a great room. A little further down the strip, but still in walking distance. Was glad they didnt have a casino in the place and found the room to be perfect from the bed to the showers to the kitchenette.
4	It is definitely not on the strip, but the walk to the strip is not to bad. The suites are beautiful and very well kept for the most part. The suite we were staying in was very clean but the jacuzzi was another story. We turned it on and black stuff came out of the jets, so we drained it ran it again and turned it on the same thing. We called the front desk and left the room. When we came back the water was drained and a note was left that it was "cleaned." It wasn't. We turned it on and the same thing happened with the jets. We didn't get to use the jacuzzi at all. The service was pretty good. Every time the cleaned the room they forgot something, either coffee packets, or fresh soap, etc. But one quick call and it was delivered to the room. The pool area is nice but the rules are silly. We can't bring any drinks or food from the outside. We can bring drinks to restaurants from outside, but we can't to the pool??? That is so wrong. Good stay, definitely more family oriented. For the wifi there was a $10 charge daily or other packages for longer. Really? it's 2014, make wifi for free or at least make sure there is something done about the reception in that place. But I would stay again for another try.
5	Amazing rooms with great views. We stayed on the 29th floor in a gorgeous King suite. Hotel was clean. Room service was fast and tasted amazing. Check in and check out was quick. No complaints although there is no wifi connection in the hotel.
4	I've really enjoyed my stay here. The hotel is your traditional Hilton vs. most of the hip hotels that are here on the strip. As far as a hotel goes, both are fine with me. The hotel was very clean and close enough to modern. The kitchen was very clean and equipped with a full kitchen. The kitchen wasn't VERY modern, but definitely not outdated. I don't remember how many floors the hotel have, but we stayed on the 29th floor. The room had these card that aren't supposed to deactivate. All you do is hold it up to the sensor and the door unlocks. You also need the card to get up the elevator as well. The room has a medium sized jacuzzi tub and a stand up shower. The shower was one of those that hold water in the corners. That's kind of annoying to me. I did love that the hotel didn't have a casino downstairs. For some reason I don't like walking in to a casino EVERY time I go into a hotel. The hotel is also located on the not so busy end of the strip which makes it easier to get in and out. If you're coming to Vegas to party with your friends and have a wild time I would pick one of the more trendy one. If you're just a very mild couple like us. Then this is the spot for you.
1	THIS IS A SCAM! I am a diamond member with Hilton Honors, travel and stay with Hilton over 100 nights a year. When booking a hotel for an out of town business trip, I was told Hilton has this amazing offer for Diamond members only, and was a great deal. So I thought, what the hell, its only $200 for a few nights. What they don't tell you is that there are numerous ADDITIONAL CHARGES for virtually anything you can imagine. For example, traveling over any holiday is an additional $200. If you travel over the weekend, expect at least a $50 additional charge. The issue I have is they don't tell you about these charges until after you purchase the package and try to book your room!! If you do decide to buy into Hilton's scam, make sure you ask them about any additional charges BEFORE you purchase this garbage "deal". Just be careful, they may charge you a "concierge fee" for asking too many questions.
1	Very unprofessionalI booked this about a year in advance. 1 month prior to my trip they changed the entire offer and then threatened to cancel my stay if I wasn't willing to accept the new details.  I will definitely not be staying at hilton hotels any more. Sad to see them going down hill.
1	Since I see that Jake L the Business Manager reads these and responds from this property....... this is for you. I know better than to NOT check through Yelp before I do something. In that we are Diamond members with Hilton I took this ridiculous package to go to Las Vegas. I have been to Vegas many times in the last 40 years. Unfortunatley, I should have asked where on LVBlvd are you located? Like what hotels are you near? Of course saying Las Vegas Blvd sounds fine. NOT! And being the Hilton I thought class act. NOT.It is  at the remote dirty and  desolate end of the Blvd..the SOUTH END people dont go there unless you just want that type of atmosphere......not where the better establishments are. There is nothing down on that end and the only way to go down to the better end is 2 miles walking or by  taxi at $20 each  way. Your view from this property  is an abandoned hotel constuction  that has been sitting since 2008 what a lovely thing to look out at.or you can see the  old and run down Circus Circus. Gee I felt uplifted having that to see. Beyond that down the sidwalk were some old seedy looking bargain tourist stores and a CVS. The SLS hotel which was where the old Sahara was and it is nothing to get excited about.....The valets are a bunch of kids acting silly and playing.  I am sure they pay them nothing so you are getting what you pay for here.FOR EATING-------- by the pool or7Eleven food area in the bottom of the club. Our best bet was to walk to the CVS or McDonalds to get food if we wanted more than the sky high over the top charged amounts  food offerings. LOBBY ACTIVITIES---------We went down for the Mimosa samplings......supposed to be at 3 the vendor was late with the My Mimosa line then the sampling was a cup not even the size you would drink cough syrup from the top of a bottle from. I cannot believe you have the nerve to host this place as a place to sell someone on your properties. Cheap and chintzy.ROOM REVIEWS--I dont know why you would bring a Hilton Diamond Member and say studio but you can upgrade for XXX dollars. I had no idea this is how Hilton's upscale properties look.  Why dont you just do the right thing and put your valued members at the Elara to start with?We had a studio room  that should have been my first clue. WALLS ARE PAPER THIN! We had to call security at midnight then again at 1:30 because their was music loud enough it was vibrating the walls of our room. Second time security came they made them all leave. That was  a good thing but........ We counted 10 college aged kids leave that room. Why in the world would HIilton  allow someone to have that many people in a studio room? And kids?TIME SHARE PRESENTATION-- HIGH PRESSURE AND THEY GET MAD IF YOU SAY NO!This will be the best part of your stay. You get  the FREE good snacks and beverages. Of course you would--------- to get folks in a good mood. Making sure you  get some of the good free stuff  before you are whisked in a hurry to the cattle call.Mikey some woman from Denmark hard to understand. Why does the USA put people in sales to Enlish speaking citizens who cannot understand people with heavy accents. It is exhausting. When we told her we were not impressed with the HGVC on the south end of the LV Blvd.....she said "Oh we have the Elara up on the other end". Really, then why didn't you put us there? If you want to impress people then impress them. Not put us down the in ghetto part of Vegas and tell us there is better?We let her ramble on for 45 minutes then stopped her and told her  we were not buying then she had to go get the manager to see if he could strong arm us. No. So he left pissed off. Thanks for showing us what Hilton is all about in these events. Done wouldn't buy from you if you were the last place offering Vacation Clubs.NOT IMPRESSED  with the property on SLas Vegas Blvd. The Elara was not much better on N LasVegas Blvd and Harmon. We went on our on to see it. We ended up staying with a family member at the Grand Chateau Marriott Time Share across from the Elara.  After seeing the Marriott....no comparison. IN SUMMARY- Hilton uses has the mentality of all RCI property presenters high pressure and cheap. Smoke and Mirrors.If you are up for an adventure .......go do this for $200.........good cheap way to stay in a room at the YMCA.I am cancelling our Hilton American Express so I dont have to ever think about this experience again and going to Marriott.What is your response to this Jake L Business Manager?
1	I stayed at the HGVS in September while I was in Vegas to celebrate my 30th birthday.  The hotel, the room, and the staff were all nice during our stay from Saturday to Tuesday.  On Tuesday my friend and I checked out around 1pm.  We didn't realize until about 6pm, while planning to get ready for dinner and the night, that we had left all of our dresses hanging in the closet in the bedroom of the hotel suite (7 cocktail dresses and the brand new North Face jacket I had received for my birthday the week prior).  We called immediately and had security check the room.  Nothing found.  We told them we would be there shortly to speak to someone and check for ourselves.  The room had not been rented out to anyone since our check-out, and security placed a hold on the room at the time we called.  We arrived at 9pm and had security escort us through the room.  Spotless room.  No dresses.  We filled out a security report and filed a claim with the company's insurance agency, which was denied.  David, the security manager who conducted the "investigation", was rude to me, and basically accused me of lying.  He said "do you think that these housekeepers would risk losing their jobs over a dress?".  Twice I called to speak to the manager on duty and was asked to be placed on hold by her and was then transferred to the security department.  I sent an email to the Public Relations Director and an email to the VP of the HGVS over two weeks ago, and have not received any response back.  I filled out a customer service inquiry online and that was not responded to directly either, but was again forwarded to the Security Supervisor whom I had dealt with prior.  This was a very disappointing experience.  I have stayed at the Hilton in the past because they are a trusted brand.  I have never had an experience like this.  Clearly, someone with access to the rooms stole my clothing out of the closet and no one at the hotel will acknowledge or take responsibility for what happened.  They refused to review the security footage.  I was even told by one staff member that they "don't have security cameras".  In a Las Vegas Hotel.  Right.  I do not recommend staying at this hotel and I am disappointed with the Hilton brand and will likely never stay at a Hilton again, nor recommend one.
1	When you make reservations 4 months in advance and get a phone call 2 days before.  You request an early check in for the reason that 1/2 you party took a redeye in from Hawaii and arrived at 7am.  Then you dont get into your room til after 4:30pm.  I think this is horrible.  2nd visit in a row that this has happened, complained to management the first time, guess they cant figure out how to fix it.  When you have spent the money to become an "ELITE MEMBER" you dont expect this kind of service.  Will try other locations from here on out.
1	Hilton is my preferred hotel brand. Unfortunately this one was an awful choice. I have stayed at the one near the convention center which is a much better choice in my opinion. After check-in we went up to the room to find that the air was not on and there was a weird smell in the room. Maybe 5 or 10 minutes later, someone opened the door but quickly closed it when she realized we were in the room. What upset me about this is that she didn't even knock. When we asked her what she was doing, she said something about extra towels. She did not have any towels in her hand! The receptionist at checkout did not seem to care much about my complaint even when I asked to speak to a manager. Finally, the location is really far from the strip and at times I felt unsafe walking back to the hotel. One night I saw and smelled a homeless person on the actual property as there is a long pathway leading to the main entrance. Avoid this place if you can.
4	I've stayed here a few times and generally the service is excellent.  They need better breakfast options in the cafe besides dry sandwiches,  valet is great! On the strip near Wynn and really close to a CVS so I can get stuff Very clean. If they improved their food options they would get  5 stars.
4	My friends and I booked this place very last minute.  We decided to go with a suite here because we knew we would check in late and our rooms would be far away and we probably wouldn't be able to get connecting rooms.  Upon first arrival, you can circle around the drop off area and you will find a section where you can park for about 10 minutes.  You can either do that or valet.  We parked and went inside to check in. We had purchased a deal through Groupon.  I purchased the deal thru a 3rd party where I got an extra 6% back; if you want to know the link, just ask me.  With this trip, I got about $45 back from the rebate site.As for parking, it's $8/day for self-park and $13 for valet.  If you self-park, the parking is higher in the structure like level 4 and up.  There is also parking on the first floor not in the structure.  If you're lucky, you may find parking in this section.  Self-parking was actually not that bad, you can come and go as you please without waiting around.  Our suite was around $714 + parking, which wasn't that bad.  If I include the rebate  this deal falls a litlle below $700, which wasn't bad at all.The front desk had checked us and and assigned us to the right rooms, but wrong towers.  My friends were kind of annoyed because they were hungry and wanted to put their belongings down ASAP and go eat.  Anyway, once we got inside, we picked our beds.  The deal we got were supposed to be for 2 king beds and a double pull out.  What we got were 2 queens and a queen pullout.  This was okay since not many of us liked to sleep many to a bed.  Our suite came with everything, cable, internet, full kitchen, 2 bathrooms, tub, etc.  We were satisfied.  We got to see each other but sometimes felt like we should've booked closer to the strip.Overall, we enjoyed our stay at the Hilton.  On the day of check out, it said 10am.  We were lucky to have our check out extended to 12pm.  We just slept longer.  If you need a spacious place to stay that isn't as expensive, this may be the place to go.  Just keep in mind, this hotel is a non-gambling casino.
4	Comp stay- loved it!!! The suites are awesome.....we had a one bedroom suite....full kichen, pool view, washer, dryer, big living room area, great bubble tub, coffee/tea maker, ipod docking station, two tvs, king size bed & a dinning room table....we requested a late check out and it wasn't a problem...only wished that they would b closer to the main area on the strip...but the deuce bus station is right in front of the hotel...all in all I loved it and its great for families, more then 2 ppl and long term stays....
2	I choose to book a 2 bedroom suite at the Hilton Grand Vacation Suites last week for several reasons1. I wanted a 2 bedroom suite with two king beds2. Some where on the strip.3. It did not have to be in the hustle and bustle of the main drag.4. Less traffic.5. Late check out at 2 pm.I got 1. A nice clean 2 bedroom suite for a reasonable price. 2. Nice location without a lot of traffic and noise.3. Denied late 2 pm check out even though it was in my contracted rate.4. Parking Fee $13 The Hotel is nice even though through out the day the place is filled with prospective Time Share Buyers. I called down as a courtesy to inform them I would be checking out at 2 pm per my reserved rate. That phone call was 10 min on hold until a manager approved a 1 pm check out ( not 2 pm). Since was not planing to stay till 2 pm anyways I took it. I am elite gold or higher at most hotel brands including Hilton. I could have pressed the issue but choose not to. They don't even understand their own Hotel rates. Funny thing happened as I was riding up the elevator with a Time Share salesperson and her clients. The Sales person asked people in the elevator if they were Hilton Honors members which most of us were. She was going on boasting the advantages. I wanted to chime in a give them the honest evaluation on the 2 pm check.
2	Got this though Hilton honor promotion and not impressed with this hotel when we checked in our room. I'll stick to the signature at mgm grand hotel now on. Feels like I'm staying in park inn hotel here.
5	I just came back from there and can't wait to go back.I choose this hotel because this was my first time visiting Vegas with my kids.No Casino, no smoking, pool and pingpong table with snack shop all right there on first floor. I didn't get to use swimming pool due to freezing weather but I'm sure going to go back there this summer.It was clean, priced reasonably, staffs were very nice, offered me a late check out even though it was busy day for them (first day of CES), free parking, and nice location.
