3	Seems to be a proliferation of Asian fast food in downtown Phx, this is the latest.  A refrigerated case of freshly made rolls (most in the "reverse" roll style with rice and seaweed inside, fish on outside).  Quite serviceable fast food sushi, prices for most rolls are $7.99 or below and one order would make a nice light lunch.  They also have bento boxes in the $7-8 range if you are looking for something a little heartier.  Ingredients were fresh and thoughtfully presented, the flavors are a bit off of authentic Japanese but again, perfectly serviceable as a fast food lunch and it is nice to have healthy lunch options downtown.  While I was there a lady came in and said she had come all the way from the Capitol to get takeout so it appears others agree.  Very little indoor seating so plan to eat at one of the shaded picnic tables outside or when it gets hot, pick up takeout.  Only major drawback to this place is that they have only bottled drinks, perhaps due to space constraints.  Wish they would have offered fountain drinks and freshly brewed green ice tea.
1	I am on jury duty and I have picked a different place to eat everyday. Today it was Enjoy Sushi. I probably should of known  better as it is pretty much a self serve. Fast place to get something to eat. They do make sushi trays to order or do as i did pick from a refrigerated show case. I chose a tuna roll. For the $7.99 the roll was a good proportion. No complaint over the price. I took the pre packed box and went to a nice quite place to eat. The tuna had a slight fishy taste to it. Not a good sign. Finished and for the next 3 hours I burped a fishy taste. One time is really not a good way to judge a place but I am not going back. To many other places in the area to eat.
5	This place is awesome!  The rolls are delicious, and the prices are reasonable.  I was in Phoenix for business and needed a place to catch a good quick lunch.  This place was perfect!  Delicious!
4	I am so happy to have a sushi place in the downtown area again!I've been twice now and chose the "chef's special" from the refrigerated show case both times.  It seemed to be a random hodge-podge of delicious leftover ingredients from making the many daily rolls.  A delicious choice and good value for money!My only wish would be for them to offer options with brown (instead of white) rice.TIP: Sushi happy hour is daily after 3pm - Buy 1, Get one free!
5	As good as it gets in the Phoenix area.  Convenient location, great Feng Shui, and an attractive and extremely competent owner/chef.
3	Enjoy Sushi is what it is - pretty decent, fast sushi.  Obviously not the most authentic, but they do have a nice variety of rolls to choose from, and it is certainly better then the pre-made stuff you can find at Costco and other such locations.  A great alternative for a healthier, yet filling, lunch.
5	Super Fresh & Delicious. So happy there is a quick, yummy Sushi place by my work. I go at least once a week.
4	This sushi place is perfect for downtown. The location is convenient and clean. The sushi is tasty certainly not the best, but definitely crave-able. The sushi is made fresh daily and is consistently delicious. If you work downtown and love sushi, this is the place for you!
4	I finally stopped here for lunch today after passing by on a multiple occasions to go elsewhere. My craving for sushi has been knocking on the back door for too long now. Luckily this place was not a disappointment!  After much debate I settled on the tuna lovers roll however because they didn't have enough tuna for the outter portion of the roll they asked me if they could also put salmon on it, which I accepted without hesitation. The roll was decently priced at 7.99 and the fish was very fresh tasting, not an ounce of fishiness. This is a great spot for a quick lunch but I wouldn't take someone out to eat here only because most of their menu contains non raw rolls and the variety of fish is very minimal (mainly tuna and salmon).
2	Unfortunately, it seems that the quality has slowly decreased over time at this place... I just don't ENJOY like I used to. I was really disappointed when I realized that the flying fish row on one of my rolls was actually some sort of "orange flake", made to deceive you into thinking it is something it is not.Less about fresh, delicious fish and more about weird creamy sauces and crispy oniony things... just not my idea of what sushi should be.Friendly staff.
4	Decently priced for a place to eat on the go. I have not yet had their sushi but would like to try it. I ordered the teriyaki chicken but wasn't blown away. The potstickers and egg rolls were very good though. Service was friendly and quick. Atmosphere was enticing. I will return to try their sushi.
5	Sushi was very tasty and I go to a lot of sushi restaurants. Food was prepared very quickly and the guy working was extremely friendly. Amazing customer service experience. I would recommend eating here and would definitely eat here again.
4	Pretty good selection of healthy food. Food seems fresh and light but with good size portions. The lunchbox specials are a good value with a drink. The sushi is handmade and very flavorful. One of the best in the area.
3	Initially I was going to walk over to Harumi because I've had their grab-and-go sushi a few times and it's always be very good. But it looked like rain the day I went, so I stopped at Enjoy Sushi instead. Their g-n-g selection was laughably light, but one of their mix and match boxes looked packed with terrific raw fish options. It tasted like quality, fresh fish and was varied enough that I felt I ordered each item myself. My coworkers are interested in returning for their bento boxes, and I'll update my review then.
4	Not bad. They will make you fresh rolls if you ask and  OK selection. Their grab-to-go can be slim but it doesnt take them long to make a role if there is not one out. If you want sushi quick and aren't picky, drop in, enjoy.
4	I love this place! Quick, well priced sushi and great service! I really like their Shrimp Tempura Roll, Crunchy Crab Roll and Tiger Roll.
