1	This place is pretty poor and really needs to get it's act together because it's a disgraceful place to watch football, especially given the accessibility of technology these days.  First off, it is desperately in need of some updates.  There are old crappy projector screens and a few big rear projection TVs, but not an HDTV in sight.  There are TVs aplenty, but they just feel dinghy and outdated and the reception on every TV is snowy.The biggest issue, however, is that apparently they're only able to show 6 games at any 1 time throughout the huge bar area.  There are several main bar islands, booths, and pub tables all over with individual TV screens at each booth.  Sounds good, but what good are all these seats if you can only show 6 games?  That is absurd when you consider how huge Sports Rock is, especially during college football.  I went to watch a game that was on regular old ESPN, and they weren't showing the game.  You mean I could go to my hotel to watch the game but am unable to watch it at a "sports bar"??  Give me a break.Food is also generally terrible.  Nachos are no better than what you can get at 7-11 and sandwiches have no flavor.  And service is piss poor and understaffed.  I'm not sure if they recently changed ownership or what, but something was very very off here and they were obviously unprepared for the start of the football season.I feel bad because the people were very nice and apologetic, but that does not take away from the fact that even if they were showing my game, I think I'd still rather watch it in my hotel room.
1	I think that typically sports bars are really not expected to have good food.  They just need to have four things1. ESPN2. Nachos pilled high with all kinds of stuff3. beer specials4. big screen TVs.Well Sports Rock failed on all accounts.  I was encouraged when we walked in and saw individual TVs on each table.  Of course we picked the one that didn't work!  Then we realized while there were many out of market games, the Virginia Tech one was nowhere to be seen. So we politely ask for ESPN.  Not ESPN U or 360 or anything fancy.  Plain old regular ESPN.  Then we get some story about how they only have six recievers.  Thats fine.  But why am i watching the Maine/Iowa game.  SERIOUSLY.  I was also annoyed that when the cute girl walked up to the bar, he had the Georgia game on within minutes. The nachos were absolutely disgusting and my wrap just leaked oil and disgustingness.   The fries were even terrible, but i found if you dipped them in the gross nacho cheese, they weren' that bad.   Plus, beer was 4.75!  Multiply that by a 3 hour game and you're paying a lot.  Service was awful and i think i would get better reception on a tv with rabbit ears.  Overall this place sucked, although i will give them credit as we were finally getting up to leave and go to an Irish Bar that was able to show ESPN, i noticed the hokie game all the way back in the corner.  Took them long enough.If you're ever in Pittsburgh in need of watching ESPN heres my idea.  Grab a permanti brothers sandwich and a six pack of beer and watch it in your hotel room rather than waste your money to sit and watch Maine vs Iowa on a crappy little tv with no reception.
3	Having never been to Pittsburgh and in need of a sports bar to watch college football, my hubby and I ventured off away from our hotel room downtown to find Sports Rock Cafe.The girls who wait on you bounce around in mini referee shorts, tight striped t-shirts and tennis shoes.  They are young and cute (but not too cute). The televisions need some updating, specifically to HD, as their screens are grainy and although there are PLENTY of TVs, it is hard to enjoy.  They cater mainly to a football crowd on Saturdays in the fall, which is great, and show MOST games, so we had no issue watching the games we wanted.Our server was bouncy, energetic, entertaining and fast.  She did great with our drinks, became our best friends, wrote up a list of recommendations for our upcoming night on the town and generally, did her job well.  I had no complaints about my early a.m. vodka sprite with lime and my hubby always had a refill on his beer without waiting.Our friend ordered a burger and fries, both of which came out hot and fresh and were delicious (I snagged a bite).  The bar was large and had plenty of seating and was great for what we needed.  Nothing more, nothing less in terms of sports bars.  A few updates and I'm sure it would be perfect but for what we wanted, it was OK and I have no major complaints.
3	What you see is what you get.  This is a typical sports bar packed with TVs and loud noises.  There are three bars in the joint and plenty of space to be had.  There are booths with individual TVs for each booth, there are regular size tables and tables for large groups.  There was also outdoor seating.  There are some arcade style sports games, electronic dart boards, and a few pool tables.  There also appeared to be 2 small stages.  The TVs were ok.  They had several projection TVs with an average picture.  I didn't check out the "regular" TVs to see if they were HD or not.  I did like all the jersey they had on the wall.  They had a Ripken, Namath, Mario, Selanee, Montana, McGwire, and a couple of others I can't remember.  They were having a Hold 'Em tournament that evening (they have one every Tuesday apparently).  They were setting up as we were leaving so I'm not sure how that was supposed to work.We had wings and beer.  The beer was average price ($4.75 for 23 oz) and the wings were good (they have several different flavors).  Our waitress was ok.  She was a young hottie but kind of on the slow, dense side.  Also, the other waitresses were nice to look at as they roamed the premises.  As someone mentioned earlier, they do wear tight shirts and small shorts that resemble a referee's outfit.  This place is close to "The Strip" and right next to the Heinz sports museum and Hampton Inn.  We walked from here to Mellon arena and it took about 20 minutes.   If you're looking for a place to watch the game and want the typical sports bar experience, then you get that here.  Just don't expect too much.
2	Minimalist happy hour.  Bartenders rude (and it was slow- early in the afternoon). Ran our tab on the card to hold the check without asking if that's what we wanted to do. Chicks in bikinis on the street trying to get people to come in.  Prices too high for strip district beer.  Smelly.  Upstairs looks like it's a club at night.  Rough crowd started to come in as we were leaving.  Good for a quick beer and that's about it.
3	When i am in town, i usually come here after i am done and have a couple of pints, the drinks are cheap and i usually can get a seat by the bar. If you are a hockey fan, this is a cool spot to watch the penguins. Only problem is, coming from New York i am not used to people smoking IN bars. It can get pretty difficult to breath in here. cute waitresses also.
3	For those stuck in the convention center area, this is a ok place for a beer and pub food.As a graduate student in the area only to attend a conference, I have been to this bar twice.The jalapeno poppers and onion rings are a favorite. The buffalo wings are ok...nothing special.Gets very crowded during games, but makes the place fun.So, if you are trapped around the area with no car and crave a beer and munchies, this place is A-Ok.
