5	This place is awesome!
4	I find myself back in the torture chamber of a physical therapist for a knee that won't cooperate... or an injury that keeps getting re-injured. Nonetheless, my surgeon, trying to avoid taking me back to the OR for another bout of surgery on not one knee, BUT NOW, TWO knees ( are u kidding me, THANK you MR. catering guy for leaving a wet mess on my galley floor... that and my stillettos don't play well together!)... sent me to this physical therapy center near my home. What is convenient is that it is located in the TOCA office section of the Biltmore Medical Plaza and right near my home. Awesome, since my cute torturer wants to put me thru the trials 3 times per week! I will say, as much pain as I am in initially, my PT , Sean, is professional, he talks to you about each exercise or therapy technique and explains the effect it will have on my knees. His tech is just as good. To distract me from my pain, and yes, at times, tears, he talks to me, jokes with me... and is compassionate. NOW if they can help me avoid surgery until next year .. PLEASE... I will give them a 5star:-)
5	I have the best physical therapist, tech and intern in the world who have been assisting me through a shoulder injury.  Sean, Carlos and Mari (respectively) really help me through every move, make sure I am executing them accurately, and swiftly move me through my sets.  I am really happy with the treatment I receive at this clinic and how well I am improving.  They are also very patient with me as I tend to have to cancel a lot for various reasons.  The best part of my one and a half session is the massage by Sean or Mari!
3	Yo, same thing with referrals. Different need for a visit. This time I've got Yelp to advise fellow patients.If you're coming, best come with a hard copy of your referral. Faxed referrals seem to zip into this mysterious vapor cloud. In other words, the fax machine is like Cookie Monster. It gets hungry and likes to eat things. The front desk will not be happy with you. You will not be happy.Having learned from my hip issue (yes, I'm falling apart), I clearly explained that my referral was being faxed over at the time I made my appointment. Whomever I spoke with acknowledged this. I stressed I was not in a position to drive and pick up my referral. (Right foot is out of commission.) The front office said this was no issue and they would call to follow-up if the fax had not been received.Today I arrived for my 11am appointment flustered. (Late, my ride side swiped a car. Not my fault! However, I did ring the office to let them know I was running a tad late.) Upon signing in I was informed - wait for it - that my referral had not been received.Fine.I inquired if any follow-up had been made.No.I recapped yesterday's convo. (Yes, I had this conversation yesterday with the front desk over the phone. The replay went over like a mind eraser drinks had been given out with coffee that morning.) *crickets*On my way out I asked for my account number, so that I could access my information online. The front desk wrote down a number on a post-it and said, "Enter this number on the web site."The website? There's only one website on the interwebs? I blinked a few times and patient-ly (see what I did there?) asked for the web url. She was going to write it down for me. Then realized she could simplify the process by writing the account number on the form.That being said, my visit with Sean was great. He understands the reason for my visits and I'm happy to be working towards my goals. The intake process was thorough and the exercises were clearly explained. I'm sorry to have written such a negative review. However, this was a similar experience to my first visit. Except this time I controlled my voice. And did not let the irritated expressions of the front desk get to me. Going to see a medical professional should not be this ... challenging.
5	I came here for my physical therapy after I had my knee done. I loved it! The front desk was extremely helpful and worked with me, though the paper work was extensive (though what doctors office doesn't have a ton of paperwork) My therapist was Souzan and she is not only great but she is a sweetheart! The tech's were great and the atmosphere is amazing. It feels like the staff is one big family, always talking to the patients making us feel comfortable. They didn't make going to physical therapy feel like a chore, they made it enjoyable. Now, my knee is better than ever, I'm able to go hiking and do other activities with my family. I reccoment this place to anyone who is looking to get great treatment and have an amazing experience while doing it!!
5	Wonderful team lead by Sean got my new knee working and getting me back on the tennis court.  Very professional, helpful, and nice folks.
5	Awesome atmosphere!!! Great looking crew, and always an upbeat feeling! The front desk ladies always make this place even better, who would of thought that was possible!
5	I have been in therapy here for a while for multiple issues.  They are professional, courteous and super accommodating.  Easy access and out weigh any other companies.
