5	This place rules.  I have eaten twice while visiting family in Snottsdale, and was blown away by the quality here.  I am surprised that I am the first reviewer.  Picture Original Pancake House (from whom many of the menu items ie Apple Pancake, German Pancake, etc were borrowed) but with higher quality ingredients, fresh squeezed juice, and killer coffee.  The kicker is they serve the coffee with heavy cream rather than half and half.  In the land of strip malls that is Scottsdale this place is a stand out.  Haven't tried the original outposts in Chicago's Western Suburbs but if I am ever forced to go back to Naperville I definitely will.
5	OK I'm not a big breakfast person!  In fact I never go out to eat for breakfast!  But I have been forced to go out to eat at an ungodly early hour at Butterfields and they are a breath of fresh classy air for breakfast restaurants in the area. So as I mentioned I am not a morning/ breakfast person. Once when I was dragged here with the early rising hungry freakish friends I ordered a granola yogurt and fruit sundae and lots of coffee. The sundae was huge fresh and my friends who were initially disappointed with my choice were way jealous! Now my friends obviously tend to order more filling and typical breakfast dishes and they LOVE this place. I can see why! Their food always looks freshly prepared and delicious. Another impressive thing about Butterfields is the prices. As I mentioned the food is good quality, the portions are huge, and the prices are about the same as  IHOP'S and Denny's.
5	This place is excellent! I had the multi-grain pancakes and shared a side of corned beef hash. Man, you never see corned-beef hash these days.It's great! The lines are long and deep with lots of S'dale peeps, but if you can stand that -- it's worth the wait. I also love that they have sugar-free syrup on the tables.
5	Mmmmm....so yummy.  It's a breakfast place a few steps above The Good Egg.  When we walked up we saw lots of families and small groups waiting around for a table, which always worries me because I hate waiting.  Much to my delight the wait was only 15 minutes.  Our server was great, he was attentive and funny and made the experience quite enjoyable.  I ordered their challah French toast (I cannot bring myself to call it "holly bread"...I'm sorry, I can't.  It just ain't right.) which was good but was missing a particular flavor that I couldn't put my finger on.  However being 2500 miles from the nearest NY diner I will take what I can get!  The home fries were very good, the perfect crunchiness and not too greasy.  It seemed as if most of the dishes came with a ton of options, for example my husband's (huge) "scrambler" also came with a side of pancakes.  My parents, my husband and I ate enough food to keep us full for the entire day!  The menu is pretty extensive and I'm interested in trying some of the other options, so I will definitely be returning.
5	If I'm not the first person to review a place, I usually try to add something to the to sum total of review knowledge provided. I'm not sure I'm actually doing that right now, but I really want to add my two cents about Butterfield's.The menu is extensive, covering the ambit of breakfast food. I have trouble ordering as there are many things that look appetizing, but even when sticking with the basics, i.e. scrambled eggs, hashbrowns and pancakes, I leave smiling and full. The service has always been good and the food has always appeared quickly after ordering.If you find yourself looking for "a breakfast place" this should be your destination.
5	Is it trite to give this place 5 stars?   Should I be contrarian and say this place sucks?I... can't.   I just can't.  This place is hands-down the best breakfast place in the valley, and short of getting a $30 breakfast at a swanky resort, it isn't even close.   I'll start by saying that when you order coffee, they bring you REAL CREAM for it.   Do you know how long it's been since I've seen a breakfast place bring me real cream?  So long that I had to check to make sure it wasn't spoiled half & half.  It makes their already good coffee taste awesome.  Next, they have actual thick cut bacon, not the pre-packaged strips you'll find at Denny's..  I'm drooling just thinking about it.  Everything I've had off their griddle (french toast, belgian waffles, crepes) have been awesome.  If you get the chance and you're hankering something sweet, get their taffy apple french toast.  I think they put me in a sugar coma, but it's soooo good.  Tons of apples, caramel, pecans, other things I don't really remember cause I kinda blacked out.  Oddly enough, though I haven't had them myself, I've heard the pancakes were less than spectacular- crumbly and overdone was the description a friend gave  Strange for what would seem to be their signature dish.  I'll chalk it up to a one-time error.  Also, can anyone explain why I find the need to order eggs for breakfast?  For some reason, it just doesn't feel like a breakfast meal unless there are eggs present, but I only ever eat like half of them.   I don't even really like them.  That's not really related to the review, just kinda throwing it out there.
2	Alas, I hate to put an end to the string of five-star reviews for this establishment, but I had a rather mediocre first experience at the much-ballyhooed Butterfield's this morning.  I'll start off with the good points.  I really liked the spinach scramble I ordered (I opted for the egg white sub), and the cheese grits I sampled were light and tasty.  The coffee was decent, although not up to that of, say, Breakfast Club (I believe they serve Illy) or even the private-label stuff at Wildflower.  (NB: The heavy cream served with the coffee was unnecessary.  Being a part-year Canadian, I think the best cream for coffee--if used at all--is the 18% mf coffee cream widely available in the Great North.  More flavorful than half-and-half, but not quite as sludgy as heavy cream.)Now for the bad points that made it a two-star breakfast for me.  First, the pancakes: I paid extra for two multigrain cakes instead of the buttermilk and was horrified when I bit into one.  It seemed undercooked in that it was soggy and tasted of raw flour.  Undeterred by the setback, I had my BFF dining companion give me one of her buttermilk pancakes.  Better, but still none of the slightly crunchy bite that epitomizes that golden "crust" of a perfect pancake.  Being a throwaway starch side to the meal, I would have let the gross pancakes slide, but for God's sake, this place bills itself as a "pancake house."(Incidentally, if you're thinking there's no such thing as a tasty multigrain pancake, try the protein cakes U.S. Egg serves up.  The PCC Men's Grill will also whip up delicious ones to order.)Second strike: Butterfield's "maple syrup."  I've had plenty of maple syrup of all grades (interestingly, the cheaper/lower the quality of maple syrup, the stronger the maple flavor), and the stuff they put in their private-label bottles is the oddest-tasting maple syrup I've ever sampled.  If, however, you are a fan of ersatz syrups like Mrs. Butterworth's, by all means, stock up: customers can buy Butterfield's syrup to take home.I end my review on a lighter note: those of you who know me also are familiar with my occasional lapses into East Coast snobbery when I ridicule the Midwest. (Four years in Chicago for college: I think I paid my dues.)  My friend Kerry, a proud Michiganian, always sticks up for her regional plot during these times.  Sitting at this restaurant, which apparently hails from the Chicagoland area, she mumbled, "I hate to say this . . . I *really* hate to say this . . . but this place is so Midwestern.  Ugh."  Hearing this pejorative remark brightened me up and almost made up for the subpar pancakes.  Almost.
5	So, on the outside it looks like  a chain breakfast place like an IHOP or Dennys or something. But this place is great, quite a contrast from the chains. The staff is very attentive, the place is clean, and you can see that this place takes pride in everything. They have their own bottled syrup and their moto is "Where breakfast is an all day affair." As it should be of course. They have a great menu of stuff. Some great pancakes, baked dutch and apple pancakes and some really creative french toasts. And that is just the beginning. There are egg dishes to no end. We ordered the baby apple pancake (baked, it takes 30 minutes) and an omelet (that comes with pancakes and hash browns). Everything was GREAT. If you have never had a baked dutch apple pancake, you should check it out!!!!! There are probably 3-4 apples in this thing and pretty much guaranteed that you will not eat it in one sitting, unless you share it. I had it for two days in a row (the same one, half each day). MMMMMMM!!! It was just great. The omelet was very good as well. My boyfriend ordered the bacon, avocado and cheese omelet. Everything was just perfect. The funny thing is, the service is almost too good. They filled the coffees so much, it was never cold and we kept having to add sugars and creamers. Our waitress took exceptional care of us, and I noticed that other tables were also well taken care of around us. I highly recommend this place!!!!
5	Wow.So I went since this place got such high scores from others. I never thought much of this place from the outside. I passed it a number of times and just wrote it off as another corny breakfast place, like all that came before and went out of business in that same location.I walked in this morning and immediately appreciated the decor... just look at the lights when you go in. Lights hanging from waffles complete with a pad of butter. You can't beat it.The menu was full of yummy things... I have a list of what I want to get on future visits. Today I decided upon a spinach and feta omelette with potatoes (crunchy hash browns) and two pancakes. Mmm... lots of carbs. I didn't feel so bad since I had noticed the "pancakes made with whole grain flour" on the menu. Awesome.Yeah, the whole breakfast was $7.50. And then OJ- they have a machine that squeezes the oranges right in front of you. It's on the back wall and you watch them throw in oranges and see the delicious nectar drip right into the pitcher that fills your glass (fills, but probably not refills).Next time I'll try the Baby Apple baked pancakes... or the Lemon Poppy seed french toast with blueberry compote... or maybe one of the fantastic looking skillets... or maybe...Update:I tried the Baby Apple pancake. Wow. It was totally worth the wait. The pancake is big enough for two. It was thick with gooey apple goodness and warm cinnamon yummiliciousness.PSI have added this to my Greek list because three awesome (read: handsom and friendly) Greek brothers run it. To cater to the Greek community, on Sunday afternoons they offer Avgolemono soup, a Greek chicken, rice, and lemon soup. It's not on the menu. Opa!
5	I had some family in town a couple weeks ago and their first morning they were looking for a nice breakfast.  I had heard nothing but great things about this place, so it was worth a shot.After seeing how reasonable the prices were I was afraid we had just stepped into a fancy IHOP.  I'm glad to say  I was wrong.  The California Omlette was great, though the pancakes on the side seemed a little off.  But I chalk that up to trying to stuff them down my gullet after I was already stuffed by the rest of my meal.  It was a Friday morning so there was no wait, but I can clearly see why it would be packed on the weekends!
5	It was Boxing Day and I didn't want to settle on plain ol' hotel breakfast food.  I wanted to go somewhere special before I depart from this beautiful city.  Good thing I did my homework before coming to Arizona for vacation!  Or else I would have missed out of Butterfield's Pancake House!  It was packed and busy when we arrived.  I was surprised to see that they only open until 3PM.  We were promptly seated and handed menus.  There are so many choices, they all sounded so good.  My mother thought if each of us ordered something, it would've been too much.  But I said.. Mom.. This is probably a once in a lifetime breakfast at Butterfield's.  We have to make it a great one!  So we ended up ordering four meals:  California Scramblers with pancakes, Denver Omelette with English Muffin, Farmer Skillet with Biscuit, a Crab Cake Sandwich, and two cups of orange juice.When the food came, I was impressed.  Not only was the food appealing to the eye, but it also tasted delicious!  There was a whole lot of food!  So much that we could not finish.  The orange juice was one of the sweetest I've ever had.  It makes me think they added sugar in it but I doubt it.  The only downside is that it is quite pricey for a breakfast meal.  Maybe if you count it a brunch then its okay.  Or maybe we just over ordered.  ($50 for breakfast yikes!)Regardless of the price, I would still come here often for a satisfying breakfast meal and delicious orange juice.
5	I'm just going to start off by saying that I am not really a huge breakfast man, however, this place is awesome.  The service is great and always gets your food out extremely fast.  Even when it is really busy, you never wait for a table for more than 15 minutes.  My favorite dish is the taffy apple french toast, it is unbelievable and really filling. I have been here many times and tried about half the menu and have never been disappointed.
4	OK this place is definetely as good as everyone says, they don't make mistakes, the hot chocolate comes in huge cups with whip cream drizzled with chocolate syrup - damn good.  The coffee is Boyds - never heard of it but just strong enough and yes cold fresh cream for your cup of joe.   They give you a lot of food, the 3 eggs and bacon seemed like 6 eggs , (XXX Large?)  anyways - it is great - looks like a lot of locals and they have crayons for the kids - why not 5 stars?   - No tablecloth - just not that fancy smancy and I am saving my 5 stars for those.  Enjoy
2	Ya know .. I don't get it .. seems like a small step up from an IHOP or Denny's .. maybe it's just me.
1	one Word....EEEEWWWW!!!!This place is like a nursing home cafeteria. The Food and the customers!Being called a pancake house I thought that the pancakes would be good....instead I got old dry crumbly and cold cakes...... my omelet was more of a scramble and the eggs were browned and slimy... is that even possible?UGH!I'll NEVER eat there again!! If there was a choice for no stars they'd be getting that.And all I can say is anyone who thinks this place is great needs to quit drinking!
3	Decent breakfast for the price. Our party of three all tried the two eggs any style with bacon or sausage and with coffee our bill came out around $25.  The food was decent, although my scrambled eggs were a little hard.  The link sausage was fine, not a ton of flavor.  Go for the bacon, it's thick and crispy, the big winner of the morning.  The coffee is also decent compared to most diner coffee. The pancakes were pretty thick and dense.  Maybe it was because we didn't order designer pancakes or scrambles but you should be able to be good at simple scrambled eggs if you tout all that other stuff.
4	I finally made it into Butterfield's for breakfast today... I had high expectations after reading many of the reviews that came before mine.  I was not let down at all.  It's a more local version of an IHOP with extremely fresh ingredients, a more lively atmosphere, and attentive service.We sat in a comfortable booth - It was a funny scene as Kevin N and I went in with our computers and cell phones and both called into a conference call while we ate our breakfast. (We did this so he could eat before jumping on his flight back to Austin).I had multi-grain blueberry pancakes with a side of egg whites.  I requested sugar-free syrup and got it within seconds.  It was delicious and the perfect breakfast for the day after an elite event (slight hangover).  Kevin had one of their specialty oatmeals and a side of bacon.  It looked and smelled really good too!It was my first trip to Butterfields but it won't be my last - yay... another breakfast place in the Valley :)
3	From what I can recall, I happened to enjoy our meal @ this joint. Though (if this is a reason to complain) it took me nearly 15 minutes to decide what I want to order...The menu is HUGE, I mean there must be 200 items and 1000's of combinations of those Items... This, in my opinion means that they can't focus on a few REALLY outstanding items. I can barely remember our service experience, which for me means it was forgettable. But the food was price OK for the area (north Scottsdale), and overall I would return, but with a big group this time as the pace is a little loud.
2	After hearing for years that this is Theeee Best Breakfast in town I finally checked it out.  Now I've been twice, and I just don't get it.  I just found NOTHING special about this place at all.  It's a cute breakfast dinner and the pancakes and waffles are ... well, pancakes and waffles.Both times I've been we had to wait to be seated, and both times I didn't feel it was worth it.In my opinion Palette, Over Easy and Matt's Big Breakfast are so much better.  Of course your mileage may vary.
4	My friend and I arrived at 10:00 am on a Sunday and the joint was already jumping.  They gave us a buzzer and we had about a 10 minute or so wait.He and I kept it simple - we both got 2 eggs over medium, hash browns, pancakes and bacon.  I got fresh squeezed OJ and a hot chocolate.The OJ tasted so fresh, just like my Grandma used to make from her orange trees.  The hot chocolate tastes like the push button kind but served fancy in a huge cup with whipped cream and chocolate drizzle.  Yum.  The bacon -the highlight for me- was nice and thick and the hash browns were crispy on the outside soft in the middle - wished they had a little more flavor but salt helps.  The only thing I didn't really like were the pancakes - they had a different kind of texture to me.The service was very pleasant, quick and efficient.  The line was out the door when we left.  This restaurant is not life changing but an excellent choice above standard chain places.
4	Found Butterfield's through a friend of my Mom's who had eaten there at their Illinois locations. When we got there my heart sunk as I saw the huge line outside waiting to be seated, I went to the counter and signed in and was advised it would be about 15 minutes, True to their word, we were seated within 15 minutes. They make a great cup of coffee and the fresh squeezed orange juice is great. I ordered the California scramble, it was phenomenal, the eggs were cooked perfectly and the portion as huge. My wife had the New Orleans style french toast, which is french toast with sauteed bananas on top, she really enjoyed it. We enjoyed the food so much we returned with friend the following weekend.
5	Oh my god! five stars only because of their waffles with bananas ice cream and caramel! to die for! I came here for vacation and i would go back to arizona for these waffles! I love the idea of breakfast and dessert. This restaurant was packed when we went. It was around 11-12 noon ish on a Sunday. The wait for 5 was about 30 minutes. Its funny though because i was standing right by the hostess stand and they kept telling everyone who came in the wait was 15 minutes. They told us that thats why we stayed to wait. It worked though we waited. If she had told us 30 mintues we probably would have left because we were hungry. If was pretty obvious though that the wait would be long the waiting room was packed (which is pretty big to begin with) and the outside was packed too. They also have good OJ. They make it themselves.
3	A 4-star average?  Really?  I am not surprised by the long lines and crowds because there really aren't any good everyday kind of breakfast places in Scottsdale.  so i guess when the bar is set really low it doesn't take much.  It's as ridiculous as people waiting for The Good Egg.  How hard is it to screw up breakfast?Yes bacon and waffles are good and bacon in a waffle is good but this isn't original and it isn't a gastronomic feat. maybe i'll return when i'm 65 and  i move 10 feet in 2 hours and have no taste buds left.
2	I can't believe people like this place. I think the Good Egg was better. I waited at least 25 minutes, and it built up my expectations. So i was clearly disappointed when i went. How is this rated one of the top breakfast places...I guess that says a lot for scottsdale
4	A chain restaurant or a local breakfast joint?? I couldn't figure it out the first time I went here. The design of the menu and restaurant is much like a chain restaurant, but with more vibrant colors and a certain energy to it. However, the service and food are indicative of a local, small town diner. There's nothing better than sitting down and already having your own pitcher full of fresh ice water w/lemon slices setting on your table! I love little touches like that! The coffee is always fresh and served with heavy cream - indulgent yes, worth it, absolutely!The Blueberry Pancakes (with their delicious blueberry compote) are the best I've had. On a side note, if you get regular pancakes along with another meal, they'll give you a side of the blueberry compote free of charge. I highly recommend doing so! The Strawberry Shortcake Flapjacks are sweet and may make you feel like you've ordered dessert for breakfast, but it's ok to be naughty every once in a while. ;) The Classic Eggs Benedict (which I subbed regular bacon for the Canadian bacon it comes with) wasn't the best I've had, but  I give it an 8 out of 10! The hash browns have always been cooked perfectly - extra crispy!I've never felt rushed at Butterfield's and I think that's rare for a busy breakfast place. The service is great all-around and the food is consistently satisfying. Yum! :)
5	Breakfast. It's easy to screw up. Even easier to make it a boring, forgettable meal.If The Good Egg is the Coldplay of breakfast joints (see that review), Butterfield's is Reign in Blood era Slayer. 100% awesome.The food is really good (example: California Scramble). The staff is attentive and mostly not annoying. The wait on weekends gets a little long, but who cares? You'll be glad you stuck around.
3	we walked in at 2:45 on a sunday and they still seated and served us even though we came 15 mins before closing..so no waiting like a lot of the people were complaining about (of course you're going to wait, this restaurant is very popular..if you don't want a wait, go to dennys)...like previous yelpers before me, we can all agree that the presentation and coffee are superb. the big pitcher of water was very helpful for my hangover...also, the bacon is super thick and probably the best bacon i've ever had...get it instead of the sausage!!!i ordered the french toast (can't remember which one, i think it was blueberry), expecting a couple big, fluffy, pieces of french toast to arrive on my plate.wrong.what i got instead were 5 meager pieces of dry weird french toast about the size of a coaster each...VERY dissapointed, especially when my girlfriend ordered the chocolate chip banana pancakes and they were huge and fluffy and looked delicious...and tasted delicious...i tried to trade her but she refused..if you're going to go here, don't get french toast! blah! it ruined butterfields for me and i'll probably never go back.
4	the portions are generous and the food is quite tasty. the wait staff was some of the friendliest in town, and it's all very reasonably priced. it's obviously a good place to eat because there were a slew of people waiting. worth the wait.
2	It's ok.  Your standard breakfast place like IHOP.  I got pancakes and it had not taste.  I wasn't super impressed.However, the service was excellent!!  But, I wouldn't drive out of the way to go there....
5	Great service - even on a Saturday AMReasonable prices - not cheapFresh squeezed juiceIncredible eggs, French Toast and country eggs benedict. I would go again and again. Clean and big!  Hot food and a willing to please wait staff... 20% tips everytime.
3	I thought that this place was ok. Nothing amazing as you would think from the amount of people flocking to the restaurant, but its reasonably priced and pretty good. I had the smoked salmon scramble and it was just ok. There were chunks of cream that didnt really get incorporated into the scramble and overall it was just okay. Definitely not something better than I could make at home. I guess that overall it is a solid place to grab some breakfast.
4	One notch up from ihop and others, as Butterfield is a breakfast chain also.  Pancakes are good, crepes are their specialty, and the OJ is fresh squeezed.  Reasonably priced, except for crepes which seemed a little high to me.  Long waits during prime hours.
2	I'm very hesitant about writing this review.  Butterfield's used to be our place.  Every Saturday morning we'd load the family up and go there.  Not so much anymore.  They have a wide variety menu items.  If you are into the exotic pancake they've got some for your taste buds including Dutch baked pancakes that are amazing.  The fresh squeezed orange juice is out of this world.  What's the problem?  The service has slid off a cliff over the past year.  I can live with the wacky filipino waiters who are way too friendly but lately there is a collection of young girls that can't seem to get an order correct and can't seem to get anything done in a timely manner.  Last week I sat there for 15 minutes before anyone asked me if I'd like coffee.  This with an active and hungry 2 year old.  The place was half full and there appeared to be plenty of servers on hand.
4	Took my mom here this morning for Mother's Day (yes, I know, Mother's Day was yesterday but mom wanted to celebrate today) and thoroughly enjoyed breakfast. Mom got the apple pancake and I decided to skip my usual go-to dish (veggie omelet) and try the veggie hash. It was really tasty and seriously filled me up all damn day! Instead of poached eggs on top, I opted for scrambled egg whites. Mom loved her apple pancake, stating that it had significantly more apples than what she normally gets at the OPH. She claimed that it was only slightly inferior to the one she normally gets at the OPH but was still highly impressed. My only complaint was that the wait time on the apple pancake was about 30 minutes, when in reality ours came out about in about an hour.
3	Menu selection is quite extensive here.  If you're an indecisive person when it comes to food, this is not the place for you.  I think the waffles and the pancakes are the items to try here.  We tried two french toasts (apple cinnamon and the classic).  Both were so so.  But those that ordered the pancakes and the waffles seemed to be pleased with their selections.  The egg entrees were ok.  The jambalya egg dish was primarily egg and hardly any filling.  The southwester omlette was quite tasty.  As for portion sizes, most were pretty substantial. Now looking back, I wish I tried the apple pancake that takes 30 minutes to make.  That looked really good.This place is very packed so be prepared to wait.  Not a bad place for a hearty, no frills meal.
4	Went for brunch on a Sunday and it was great. The menu is large and everything on it looked good. We tried the baked apple pancake, which was huge and more like a dessert--definitely worth the 30-minute wait. The avocado and bacon omelet was also tasty. We'd definitely go here again and again.
4	Do you know what they have at Butterfields?They have a Belgian Waffle (and I capitalize because it's important here) with crumbled up Bacon in the waffle...in the waffle!They cook the bacon into the waffle right in the old waffle iron:)Well...next to a bacon filled old fashioned donut, this may the closest we get to a perfect ten in "food combinations/breakfast division":)The Beautiful Carin and I needed a little sustenance on Sunday morning and found ourselves reasonably close to Butterfields (actually, we were right down the street from the Breakfast Club, but who needs that cluster:)We hadn't been to Butterfields for several months and the time was ripe for "revisit" so I could "score the review":)I'm pretty glad we did!Summertime is probably a better time to get your Butterfields fix...on a Sunday in January the wait gets a little crazy...north of an hour with a line of Dame Edna lookalikes standing at the counter asking if their table is ready because they're sure they felt their pager go off...it didn't really go off...just the friction of Teflon against titanium in their hip replacements every time they shift their considerable bulk:)This past Sunday, the wait at 12:30 was zero minutes:)Butterfields is technically a "chain"...three locations separated from each other by thousands of miles...they don't feel like a chain:)They have a bunch of nice touches at Butterfields...a big mechanical juicer where they feed crates of oranges in the top and fresh juice comes out the bottom...heavy cream for the coffee (a truly delightful "bloom" of cream when you pour it in the coffee:), Vermont maple syrup and other nice, high quality touches:)The menu runs from a selection of Benedict's (including the Bubba, with gravy and sausage instead of Canadian Bacon and Hollandaise) to a selection of assorted Dutch Babies and Apple pancakes.I've tried a bunch of these tasty little treats and they are serious health food (by which I mean that if you eat here too often, you will need to see your healthcare professional...seriously:)But, back to the aforementioned Waffle...you order that, a side of sausage, two sunnyside up eggs ( which you slide onto your buttered waffle)...syrup the whole thing and eat until the pee stick says you're approaching a diabetic coma:)Carin had a nice breakfast, too! Some sort of omelet! She said it was good, but I forget anything else after the sugar shock took me down:)
4	Rule #1 Do not go on Saturday or Sunday mornings- its insanely busy and crowded. But once again who has time to do a full breakfast during the week? Anyhow stopped by this place a few weeks ago with a good friend to have some brunch. The Fresh OJ was lovely, my friend went on some random eating binge which scared me. From omelet to toast to pancakes- Carb Deprivation possibly? I guess she really enjoyed her breakfast.I had some Florentine hash brown with grilled chicken and poached eggs (PERFECT POACHED EGGS) was quite lovely. I did have a debate between Belgian waffles- and Benedict sandwiches. Its nice if your starving in the morning and want to have a hot meal waiting for you while you chat along with your friends/family/random stranger. I've been in the mood for a Belgian waffle but I keep forgetting to go back, odd. Now I find it hard to ever go back to my college buddy IHOP, this place is more than a few steps ahead !
1	I like to think I know my breakfast spots, I have been to a ton of them in the area. I have gone to this place twice and both times left horribly disappointed. The first time I ordered eggs and I also tried the pancakes. The eggs were actually the worst I have had in a few years. The pancakes were very dry. The only reason I went back is because I live close and I did not try their signature item, the oven baked pancake.........which requires 30 minutes to be cooked. So after waiting 50-60 minutes for a freaking pancake I realized I was right the first time I came here. Not only was there nothing special about my order, but it wasn't any good. If the pancake was good it would have made up for the wait, but it didn't. I am not knocking anyone else, but I think people who really enjoyed this place just need to get out to some other breakfast spots.
4	Two words:  Bacon.  Waffle.That's all you need to know, honestly.  Just do it.  Right freaking now.  Unless it's after 3pm, in which case you are SOL.  But all the true breakfast places are only open in the am, or 24 hours in my opinion, so that's a good sign...
4	Every time I have gone to Butterfields, I have been really happy with my meal. The omelet I get (Feta and spinach) is light and fluffy, my pancakes are warm with butter melting all over them, the coffee is VERY STRONG, thank goodness for sugar and half and half, and the service is great. I have gone early in the morning when there hasn't been a wait, mid morning where you are waiting upwards of 30 mins or more and after 1pm when again there is no wait. All in all, I enjoy Butterfields for breakfast and so far I have not had a bad meal. I hope that streak continues :)
4	Good food, good service, busy atmosphere that borders on a Chompie's without the NY kitsch. We'll be back for some fresh squeezed OJ.
5	I think this place deserves 4.5 stars but I am upping to 5 stars for one simple fact. Bacon Waffles!Visited Butterfields while on vacation last weekend. I was told to expect a long wait, but was surprised to be seated within ten minutes of walking in. The menu was intense, a lot of choices to choose from especially when your stomach is rumbling.Settled on the farmers scramble, and ordered a bacon waffle on the side to share. The scramble was perfect. My over medium eggs were spot on. Non of that runny egg white crap. The hash browns were golden and crispy. Mixed with the egg yolk, made the perfect breakfast. This scramble was loaded with ham, sausage and bacon, mushrooms, tomatoes, broccoli and onions, and lets not forget the half pound of melted cheddar and jack on top! I thought it couldn't get better until I moved on to the bacon waffle! I can't even begin to write about the greatness of this waffle. I just recommend that you order it! Great service, good prices, and incredible breakfast :-)
1	Butterfield's Blows.My hubby and I were in Scottsdale for a wedding, and this place was highly recommended to us. When we got there, there were so many people waiting outside that we were sure we were in for a treat! Oh were we wrong! First of all, the wait was twice as long as they said it would be, and when we finally went and bugged the hostess, she said they had already paged us. Rather than apologizing, she made it out to be our fault, although we'd been clutching the stupid vibrator the whole time.It was super busy, so I was willing to overlook that, and also the fact that our waitress never even slowed down or made eye contact while serving us... IF the food had been good. But it wasn't at all. I had the worst hash browns I've ever had in my life. They were dripping in oil, but oddly had no flavor at all. How hard is it to make hash browns? The California egg scramble was passable, but nothing special either. The blueberry pancakes tasted just like Denny's or IHOPS. Fine, but so not worth the hype, long wait, and extra price tag.Basically, the food was NO DIFFERENT than a breakfast chain like IHOP or Denny's. And you don't need to wait an hour there. I guess a bonus is that unlike Denny's, you can leave Butterfield's without smelling like cooking grease. That's about it.
5	Although a generic stucco building from the outside, Butterfields is anything but your typical drab breakfast/lunch eatery.  Clean and contemporary, this restaurant abounds with subtle touches throughout that make it stand out among the hordes of restaurants in Scottsdale.  From ceiling lights made to look like waffles, and a fresh juice squeezer along the back wall surrounded by boxes of ripe oranges, this place has the magical "it" factor.  The staff are all fast and efficient, and more importantly they are all genuinely friendly and just as excited about the menu as a first time guest would be.  Speaking of menu, the breakfast food at Butterfields is in a class by itself.  Some of the highlights include the Apple Cinnamon French Toast, Toasted Pecan Waffle, Egg and Cheese Quesadillas and their original skillets are perfectly delicious.  And for not much more than you would pay at a chain restaurant, you can have a one of a kind breakfast that will leave you wanting more and already planning your next trip back before you even leave the building.  This is definitely the ultimate breakfast eatery in Scottsdale!
1	Went there for my birthday brunch because I had read some good reviews so I thought it would be good.  Man was I wrong. The food to forever to get there the wait staff ignored us the whole time.  The food was cold the pancakes where stale and hard. The coffee was even bad. The worst part is when we complained they didn't even ask if we wanted the food remade or seemed to even care about the quality of the food.  Don't waist your time with this place.
4	Mmmm, Butterfields is such a Sunday morning place. Sip some coffee, indulge yourself in wonderful crepes, waffles and of course pancakes, and socialize with a group of friends on a sunny morning in Scottsdale....After waiting for 45 minutes of course. The wait is usually worth it though. Decent and friendly servers make sure you're content at all times, (or at least try), and the atmosphere is large and open. It can get kind of noisy! So be aware of that. However, Butterfields is a nice place to spend a morning for a hearty breakfast or a scrumptious brunch.
4	Mmm veggie hash. Mmm squeezed-on-site orange juice. Butterfields is a wee bit pricey but doesn't keep us from coming back. I am an eggs benedict freak and I can't review without saying.. if you love eggs benedict, these are just so-so. Fruit bowl is nice and huge and can be split between four easily, the waffles look amazing, but the veggie hash really isthe star of the show here for me. Rich (veggies, yes!), filling comfort food with two eggs on top.. over easy... oh my god yum.Bacon waffle? How did I miss that? That, I have to have ;)
4	I have been wanting to go here for a while and today I finally did and very happy. Unreal what all they have. Not just  eggs and pancakes. They have fruit crepes, 6 kinds of french toast including bannana nut bread french toast (YUM), egg scrambles, belgin waffels, and more. I had the biscuts and gravy which was good. The breakfast sausage you can get patties or links. Of course I got links and my god they were like 3 inches long and a 1 inch thick. They have thick cut bacon that was actually crispy not soggy and limp. The eggs benidict was freggin awesome! I will be back for this for sho. This place does breakfast realy good, but they are open till 3pm and they do lunch as well. I went there at 11am on a wed and there was a 15 min wait. I was suprised there was a wait that late in the morning but now I know why. This place rocks! Service was great. Everyone workin there was friendly and in good spirits. I cant wait to go back.
2	Corporate chain restaurants aren't usually places I visit often, and when I do I generally have much scrutiny and suspicion. I know that might sound bad but I have good reason, Ive been burnt way to many times. Ive dealt with horrible service, unimaginative food and the whole annoying corporate shtick, complete with high chairs and screaming unmanageable children. Please don't get me wrong, Ive had similar disasters at locally owned restaurants, but knowing I'm keeping my hard earned money in the community makes that brutally shrieking kid a little less bothersome.The North Scottsdale location of Butterfield's caught me off guard. I was all primed to dislike everything, but was surprised with a few of the dishes and the service was fast, efficient, and well, annoyingly friendly. How anyone can be that chipper at 7:30am is beyond me.Being a small national chain, only 4 location, they are complete with lame corporate shtick. Look up in the massive dining room and you'll see pictures of buttered and syrup laden waffles on the ceiling. Then there's the behemoth menu complete with "Egg-ceptional" Eggs and "Egg-cellent" Specialties, I wonder who makes this stuff up? I suppose some will find this clever.With such a huge menu it took a few minutes to try to find the unique and interesting dishes. Started out with the Dutch Baby ($7.25); a large oven baked pancake that's finished with lemon juice, powdered sugar and optional syrup. The texture is light and airy comparable to a crepe with a crisp edge. Order this upon sitting, it could take up to 30 minutes to make depending on how busy the restaurant is.Biting into something heartier, The Bacon and Onion Skillet ($7.95) was well portioned for the low price tag. Crispy hashbrowns, bacon, grilled onions, 2 eggs with your choice of cheese and bread, was simple and satisfying.Butterfield's originates from Illinois, so I should have given the Mexican Egg Burrito ($8.25) a little more thought before ordering. A whole wheat tortilla with chorizo, eggs and cheese, then in little plastic cups were sides of tasteless guacamole and salsa. Maybe in Illinois this is considered good but here in the land of Mexican food, it was a complete failure.Sticking with the classics is a good idea, like the Country Benedict ($7.95). Perfectly cooked sausage patties on country biscuits then topped with eggs and country gravy. Though really, pretty much anything with pork and or egg yolks is going to be tasty.When ordering try not to change your selection to much, it's $.75 for every substitution you make. For instance, the Popeye Scramble ($7.95) comes with monterey jack cheese but to have feta instead as well as yellow onions, added $1.50 to the bill. I mean really, scrambled eggs for close to $10 just doesn't make any sense.Scrutiny and suspicion aside, with so many breakfast choices out there Butterfield's isn't necessarily the best option, but if you're looking for a change up, this might be something different.
3	Late breakfast here today. If fact, I am typing this while I sit at Butterfield's. This is a step up from the Denny's down the street, but nothing miraculous. I ordered two eggs over medium, wheat toast, hash browns, and an OJ... all tasted just fine. I agree with other reviewers that at $11.17 before tip this is a little overpriced for what I ordered. (the same breakfast at Randy's on Chaparral is under $7)
5	More than a dozen trips later... and Butterfields continues to be consitently excellent. We go here almost every single weekend for breakfast, and not once have we had a less than stellar meal; and we've tried just about every damn thing on the menu.If you go here... ASK FOR WILLIE!!!!! Willie is probably the best breakfast waiter we've ever had... he's always on top of everything, but best of all he's got a contagious happy attitude. If you go there and have him as waiter, It's nearly impossible to leave without a smile on your face. After having him only a couple times, he had already memorized what we order. Now we specifically ask for his section, because I think as diners it's our responsibility to reward good wait staff... it can make all the difference in the world when it comes to your dining experience. That is all...
4	Butterfield's is in my neighborhood.   Have been a customer from almost their first day open. Rock solid breakfast. Lots of regulars there. All of the standards plus a few greats (the bacon skillet with poached eggs on top is a good one!) I have had breakfast at "Butterball's" (as my teenagers affectionally refer to it) probably in excess of 50 times.  If you are a hater, go somewhere else, more room for those of us who love good service, a smile and a breakfast that is as fit or fattening as you desire.  I have had just about everything on the menu, including lunch, and my only complaint is their coffee.  A bit bitter.  Love, love, love the OJ.  On Sundays, get there early before the post-church crowd....
3	Always on a search for a good breakfast.  When I think breakfast, I think country restaurants that cater to farmers and ranchers - where the next meal might be a late dinner.  Three or four plates to hold all the food, and a 70 year old waitress that calls everybody "honey" or "sweetheart".  And hash browns that are home-made, not frozen, with a choice of different gravies. This is not one of those restaurants. Butterfield's, to me, is very similar to other franchised breakfast chains.  The food is better than a Denny's or IHOP, and there is a little larger selection.  In fact, the menu is massive, and I'm sure anyone could find something that would pique their interest.  But the most memorable thing about my breakfast here was the fresh squeezed orange juice, which was delicious.It is huge restaurant and plenty of room for seating.  Both times that I was here was early on a weekday morning, so there was no line.  We have heard from others that on weekends the line is lengthy, but we never have had to wait.  And the service was great.Other than that, the food at our table, and we had four people eating, was uninspiring and average.  We had pancakes, waffles, omelettes, a scramble, bacon, ham, sausage, almost a taste of everything. And nothing stood out.  So I will keep looking.  I know in a metropolitan area as big as Phoenix, there has to be a country restaurant specializing in breakfasts.  And when I find it, I'll let everyone know.
5	This is my fav breakfast place in the Valley! I have always had amazing service and great food for a reasonible price. I go here when I have appts in Scottsdale and for some reason the # of appts. in Scottsdale seems to be rising! I love that they give you your drink in a to go cup when you leave. I think I've always purchased breakfast here- they are only open till 3pm-but a friend ordered a french dip sandwich today that looked amazing and huge! So I may be a non breakfast diner next visit. The OJ is fresh squeezed, the veggies in the eggs fresh and crisp, and the pancakes cooked to perfection.The only minor issue I have is there is an upcharge for Vermont Maple Syrup vs. the standard high fructose corn syrup.
4	It is so strange that of all the meals you eat why breakfast seems to be the one that always seems to be screwed up most often.Well my fellow Yelpers Butterfields is a breakfast place that always seems to get the food right.  I am a poached egg fan so you can only imagine the trouble I run into when eating breakfast out.  Not here!Eggs done perfectlySausage very tastyPancakes are the right size and not the kind you have to keep adding syrup to as you eat them (you know the kind I mean)Mickey Mouse Pancake is always a hit with the little man.Fresh OJ... YUM!As you can read and as the stars indicate I am indeed a fan and will be here often!Wait one last thing you will have a wait on the weekend but they give you the pagers so you can sit outside with the fam and you know you will not be skipped.
3	I heard big things about Butterfield's, and the huge crowd and wait seemed to give credibility to the hype.  We waited about 20 minutes on a Monday morning, which is pretty long for a weekday.I ordered the Eggs Benedict, which is my breakfast staple. I was disappointed as soon as my food arrived. The hollandaise didn't pass my visual test... too light in color, too runny looking. I took a bite and knew my instincts were correct. It had a "grainy" texture and was just ok. Hollandaise is the key to a good Benedict.  Anyone can serve an English muffin, Canadian bacon and poached eggs. Hollandaise is what requires a little magic. My hash browns were also a touch undercooked for my liking.It was "A-OK," but nothing more than that. 3 stars.
3	Very good food after a long, long wait for a table at 9:00am last Sunday morning.  Perhaps I ordered the wrong items, but as a diabetic I didn't take the chance on a whole stack o'pancakes, which looked great on others' plates. Instead I ordered the "bacon waffle" [yeah, call me a health nut] which was described as having bacon in the batter.  Mine had a strip crumbled on top, but if bacon was also hidden in the waffle I couldn't find it. A few last thoughts:  My friend said his cinnamon bread french toast was a-ok. Service was fast, if not cheerful (reminded me of my civil service co-workers); they had a decent sugar-free syrup for me (yay!) and the decor was great.  Would definately go back and give it another go ... loved the flying pancake mural in the waiting area and the waffle light fixtures ... but I may just stick to JP Pancake instead ...
4	Met my girlfriend here for brunch last Sunday and loved it!Huge menu selection, fresh ingredients, generous portions, and good service.  I had the whole wheat french toast and it was taaaasty.  I ate the whole huge plateful :o)  The wait was long, but not unexpectedly so--especially for a Sunday.  Will definitely return to Butterfields--there were sooo many other things on the menu I'd like to try!
5	When my wife's friend mentioned she would be choosing Butterfield's for her Saturday morning brunch, I figured the place would be decent. After several visits, I can honestly say I hope I never go to another breakfast restaurant. When you arrive at the restaurant, be prepared for a wait. The bigger the party, the longer the wait so I always recommend traveling in small groups or calling ahead (note: I haven't the slightest clue if they will even allow you to do so but it's worth a shot). Weekends will have the longest wait (obviously) however the time spent waiting makes the food even better.On the most important topic, I have to say that I had an amazing omelet served with hash browns and pancakes. I had to do a double take on the omelet because of the shear size of it. No joke, it must have been 4 inches tall. My first omelet was graced with bacon and two types of cheese. With an omelet like this, the add-ins are not scarce. You can almost guarantee that each mouthful will be filled with all your choices. I know my mouth was. They have fresh squeezed orange juice and plenty of other tasty beverages available. I can't wait to return to try out other menu items. I recommend this place to all family/friends who visit my family for a great breakfast. Just be sure to get there early!
5	We were lucky enough to go here the first week we moved here just over 3 years ago. Since that first time we have kept coming back even though we have moved further away. The service is also fantastic. The food is so good and there is a great selection. The only downfall would have to be the wait some times. If you try to avoid the Sat and Sun 9am rush then you will be good. They are extremely good at getting people in and out so even if you have to wait you can see that your turn is coming.
4	I've been to this restaurant many times and have never had a bad experience. There are many items to choose from.  The food is great and fresh.  An added bonus is the friendly and attentive staff.  The only downside is the wait but it is worth it and they really do move people through fairly fast.
4	its really no surprise that this place has GREAT buttermilk pancakes.gonna makes this quick: came here for brunch with a friend and we shared the salmon & california scrambler.  both were pretty decent.  i liked the california scrambler better tho, it had more kick to it.i was expecting a long line/wait for a saturday morning brunch, we were seated rather quickly.i'll tell u this, it sure beats ihop or dennys.
5	My kids beg to go to Butterfields! We live close. The service is always AWESOME! I have been there at east 100 times and only had bad service once, and it was only bad because the server was overwhelmed but he was so kind I forgave it. Plus the kids get balloons. The only downfall here is the OJ is way overpriced. It is like they are buying organic greenhouse hydroponic oranges or something! Other than that its awesome
3	I have been to Butterfield's twice and I'd  go back again. The most recent time I've been, I noticed that a couple of the hostess girls were a bit unfriendly - I like to see a smiling face early in the morning. Luckily, at 8 on a Saturday we only had to wait 5 minutes. But, our waitress was very, very nice. I think this must be personal preference, because many love their pancakes, but I don't really like them much. They seem dry - I've definitely had better pancakes. BUT, their fresh squeezed orange juice is to die for! Delicious. All and all, a nice place to have breakfast occasionally.
4	Saturday morning woke up and family was craving good breakfast.  Being a little rough around the edges from a few too many cocktails Friday night decided to play it safe and go out for breakfast rather than cooking.  My youngest daughter wanted Butterfields (as she pronounces it BetterFelds but she's 3 so give her a break) so we headed over.Got there about 9:30am and packed outside but didn't feel like going somewhere else.  They turn the tables really fast so only had to wait about 15 minutes.  Everything was delicious (as usual).  Definitely get a fresh squeezed OJ and try the pancakes.  If you are up for the 20-30 minute wait on the weekends  the food is awesome.
4	Grapefruit served squeezedA very fluffy pancakeWhat a great ham steak--Quality is guaranteed here.
2	I had the new Orleans French toast with side of Bacon.  I must admit I went here because I saw all the reviews for this place. I was so excited thinking it was going be this great breakfast.. Well I must say its few step above denny's .. They do serve you  fresh orange juice which is very pricey.... . I wanted the Vermont maple syrup but they charge 1.50 for that'...... they were wrong for that. So got my check total cost was $16.40.. very expesive for breakfast for 1 person.
4	Went here for Father's Day.  There was a large line but the wait was only 30 minutes, so don't let a line scare you off, they get you in fast.  The food is good and reasonable.
4	Crepes, dutch baby pancakes, and fresh squeezed o.j. make a sweet, coma-inducing breakfast.  Plus the bacon is thick and crispy! To top it all off there was maple syrup on the table, no cheap buttersworth on the table for this epic breakfast chow down.  This breakfast was so good that I still dream about the huge, eggy dutch baby that was the size of a pie and covered in cinnamon apple slices.  After leaning back, fully satisfied and possibly too full, I noticed that there were winged pats of butter with waffles painted on the ceiling.  Awesome.
4	This is a great place for breakfast.  And yes, there are some older people there but a ton of families too.  The sausage gravy is truly the best  besides my grandmother's.  The pancakes have a perfect taste and texture.  My omlet was also tasty.  They have healthy choices, but if you want to get the most out of Butterfields splurge a little from the healthy choices or basic breakfasts.  Most items can be shared b/c the portions are large in my opinion.  Expect a wait if you go after 8:45 a.m on a weekend.
3	This is family friendley place w/ huge menu that basically most of them are the same in ingredients. Fresh orange juice as others said is great. The rest is a good example of good basic American brunch. Everything absolutly fine, no fancy, no speciality, just basic trustabke nice eggish breakfast.
5	I have been eating at Butterfield's since it opened a few years back. It has quickly become a family favorite, and I always order the same thing - it's hard to stray from sheer perfection! I build my own omelette consisting of ham, cheddar cheese, and mushrooms with hashbrowns on the side and a big ol' glass of fresh squeezed orange juice. This is the best omelette I've had in Phoenix/Scottsdale besides the Ritz Carlton - and let me tell you, I have had MANY ham and cheese omelettes :) However, I find it odd that they call themselves a pancake house. My family and I do not like their pancakes, nor have any friends that I have brought to this breakfast spot. They are crumbly and lack the buttermilk flavor that I look for in a perfect pancake. Overall, the omelette is SO good that I can easily forego the pancakes. The service has always been great and the food is delicious - this will continue to be a family favorite!
4	Went for breakfast today all I can say is great, we have The Original Pancake House in California and the dutch baby was better here. I will be going back again!
2	We have heard about this place for quite a while. Given the friend reviews and the look of the building, one would think it was more of an upscale breakfast joint. Instead we were greeted to a large open restaurant that was very loud and with what seemed like a group of robot teenagers running the place. The sense of urgency (to be seated, take order, etc) was there (as they rushed us through every bit of our visit) but with no individuality or customer service. Autopilot. First, we are shown to a table that is not ready for us and we are left standing in the middle of the dining room. Very awkward. Then the waitress asks us what we would like to drink. Coffee for him, coffee for me and.....had to get her to stop the robot talk (and almost flag her down as she walked away) so I could order an OJ. Since it was our 1st time, we took a bit of time to decide what to eat. The open menu on the table with my face buried in it should have been the first clue I wasn't ready to order. But the robot-server came by 3 times ready to write everything down; and I mean everything, spelled out and repeated as she wrote. Wow... The food was OK. A little on the bland side, but tasty. The chorizo was very flavorful and the sausage gravy was excellent. The menu is extensive with something for everyone - French toast, crepes, pancakes, skillets, specialties and more). The food came out very fast which was good because we were hungry! Maybe my expectations were too high in general. I truly thought this place would have been nicer. If I want my check delivered to me in the middle of my meal, I would have eaten at Denny's. I was shocked and surprised.
3	My friend Ashley took me here for b-fast in the heat of the AZ summer on 6/6/10.The place was like a good blind date.I went expecting the worst with a contingency plan for everything and instead was left not wanting it to end!This is a small family chain from chicago.  I think so many people from Chi town come to AZ that someone went home one time after being in AZ and told the owner to open one in AZ to service all the Bulls & Bears snowbirds!I'm glad they did.Look it's not high end french cuisine, but it's damn good family style food.
4	Love their healthy options! It's nice to not to feel like you're making a compromise when you want / have to eat right. Waits on the weekends are lengthy, but I know when I'm looking for a tasty, non-gimmiky breakfast, I look for the line.
4	Great service and good food.  Our server, Iulia was genuinely sweet, very attentive and all around good at what she does.  We ordered the Raspberry Sunrise pancakes.  They were topped with fresh raspberries, a raspberry sauce and a marscarpone cream sauce.  It was just the right blend of raspberries with cream. We also tried the New Orleans French Toast topped with sauteed bananas.  Both dishes were great.    Very happy with our first experience at Butterfields!
4	Yes, there are tons of older folks there but so what! It's the best omelet I've had in quite a while!  I had the asparagus, pancetta and swiss omelet and hubby had the avocado and bacon omelet.  His was better but both were delicious.  Hash browns nice and browned and the pancakes were much better than Ihops but not to die for.  Will definitely be back!  Oh, and our server was excellent!
5	This place is my FAVORITE breakfast joint! I would probably frequent it more often but it's quite the drive for me. I could dream about their california scramble! My hubby loves the biscuits and gravy. I actually think it has more pepper than necessary. I think they're pancakes are amazing and even if you take them home and warm them up the next morning they hold their texture and taste! There is only one bad thing about this place: the staff is all 70lb teenage girls which can be annoying because they seem to be in quite the hurry to turn tables oh! and don't expect them to refill your coffee, water, or anything else once they've taken your payment. All that being said I crave their food it's by far the best breakfast I've had in AZ!
4	The California Scrambler...wow! I'm talkin' holy shit wow!
5	Arrived 10am on a Wednesday and on a wait as usual. There's a reason for that, because they are that good. I waited for about 10 min (only me in my party) and was seated. Server was VERY prompt showing up about a minute after I was seated. She was very pleasant and gave me plenty of time to look over the menu. I ordered the Santa Fe scramble with hashbrowns and pancakes. My order arrived in under 5 min and they were slammed! Food was hot and delicious as usual. Watching the staff work was like watching a professional sports team. Bussers were clearing tables seconds after guests left and guests were being seated as the busser made his last swipe with the cleaning cloth. These people do it right and if anyone says you can't expect this at less than a 5 star place, they're dead wrong. Point them to Butterfield's.
5	Wonderful food. Fast service. They manage the flow in and out so well. The food is tasty with a great variety on the menu.
5	We enjoyed breakfast here, twice, back in June. Sorry it's taken me so long to review it! The menu is big, and there doesn't seem to be any way to go wrong. My youngest can't get enough of their french toast, my oldest daughter loves their waffles, Dh loves the scramble he got, can't remember the name now, but it was Mexican inspired. I love their omlettes, and the second time I went back I enjoyed their pumpkin bread french toast!! SO good!! They have delicious looking apple puffed pancakes which I plan to sample on my next visit. Their toast is good too! Their coffee is good too. Not sure why all breakfast places can't make a good cuppa' joe, but that should be a given. Theirs is so good!!Just wanted to add another vote for Butterfields!! Wish they put one in Gilbert so I could enjoy it more conveniently!! There's often a wait, but so worth it! We may have to go this weekend :D!
4	Great breakfast, great service. Yummy!
4	This is my first choice for breakfast. Huge menu. Quality food, fresh squeezed juice. Big restaurant, nice decor and very clean.
4	I love the food at Butterfields. Most recently I tried the whole wheat french toast, with a side of strawberries and bacon. The french toast was very light and fluffy and not dripping in egg batter. Our server was friendly and fast. I've never had bad service here!My only cons are the prices. They charge $2 for a side of strawberries, which would be fine except it was literally ONE strawberry sliced up. A side of bacon (4 pieces) is $3.95. I wouldn't mind paying that for a thicker cut...maybe even peppered bacon, but this wasn't anything special. I definitely recommend Butterfields. If you go on a weekend, plan to arrive before 9:30 or be prepared to wait AT LEAST 30-45 MINUTES. But you won't be disappointed!
5	Holy waffle sundae! Love this place. The wait, as with every place in Scottsdale, sucks. But the food and service were outstanding. The waffle sundae was excellent as was the chicken wrap.
5	Awesome!! This places rocks. My favorite breakfast I've had in a long long time. Service was incredible - got seated quickly, waitress right there to take our order quickly, and food came out amazingly fast given that it was a full house. I got a really tasty blueberry waffle, with scrambled eggs. Others got omelette and pancakes which were really tasty and fluffy.  Good coffee and fresh OJ to top it off.  It was a bit expensive ($42 for 3 people) but a nice treat out for breakfast. I wish they had these in CA.
4	Amazing fresh squeezed orange juice, gluten free pancake & waffle options, friendly staff, clean, and a good option for a breakfast spot!
5	Awesome food and awesome service! The one place that does breakfast right, from pancakes to omelettes.
5	Great strawberry shortcake pancakes, hashbrowns, and eggs combined with efficient service, and a friendly atmosphere.  Highly recommend this place for breakfast - it closes pretty early.
5	Great coffee.  Good food.  Very clean and well managed. Servers are well trained. A squeeky clean spot. Kind of a hotel feel to it. Packed but worth the wait.
4	I have been to Butterfield's twice now and I don't know why I didn't Yelp about it the first time around. I was blown away by their bacon waffles and, to this day, I still talk about their bacon waffles with a dreamy, wistful look in my eye. Oh what it means to love bacon!I visited for the second time yesterday morning for brunch. My friend and I arrived about 10am and waited about 15 minutes. I didn't expect there to be a good number of people there on a Wednesday morning but the place was poppin'!My friend and I ordered their Scrambler combos - good sized meals with the eggs, hash browns and 2 pancakes. I had the salmon and cream cheese scrambled eggs which is pretty much the only way I'll eat scrambled eggs and I was not disappointed. The pancakes were delicious as usual although if I could have I would have gotten a small bacon waffle on the side instead. Perhaps that will be a future option for the combos.....I can only hope! We ordered a side of bacon and it was devoured pretty quickly. There's something about their bacon that just tastes frickin' good. No wonder their bacon waffles are bomb.Extra bonus points for being on point with the coffee service. My cup never made it below the halfway mark before someone filled it right up again.Steady stream of caffeine, great bacon and good ol' comfort breakfast foods. What more could you want?
4	Yum! Went on a saturday morning at 11am and had a 15 minute wait for two people. Service was prompt, our drink order was taken right away and the food didn't take long considering how busy they were. Ordered the florentine Benedict with amazing cheesy grits and blueberry pancakes which were delicious. My boyfriend had the smoked salmon scramble which was apparently a little too fishy. Overall a good experience.
5	Awesome breakfast place. They seem to always have lots of people waiting and now I know why. We arrived with a group of over 10 people and they managed to push some tables together and seat us in a reasonable amount of time. Our waitress was also super cheerful, fast and accurate. She got all of our orders right and managed to have all plates on the table at the same time.Best oatmeal in town. They actually use the slow cooking whole grain Scottish oats and not that instant Quaker stuff. I love the healthy menu choices, such as light rye bread and egg white omelets. I had the spinach and feta egg white omelet and it was awesome. The menu is so extensive that you could literally come here for a month and never order the same thing twice.
5	Awesome - love breakfast and this place is great. Love their Apple Pancake, but usually I order omelettes or just regular pancakes. They're omelettes are very fluffy and generous, and come with great sides. Pancakes are super fluffy too. I also really like the atmosphere, it's just a very homey, breakfast place - comfortable, not over done but not a hole in the wall either. It's always packed, so expect a wait for a table.
5	This is for sure one of the best breakfast spots in town! They are always slammed with customers and are at a great location in Scottsdale! There food selection is good and their food is always fresh! Their orange juice is freshly squeezed as well. If you are hungry for breakfast this is the place to go! Love it!
4	I'm going to cut to the chase and tell you the Belgian Waffle was outstanding! You are probably thinking, why I got Waffles at a Pancake joint, right? To be honest, I was going to order pancakes but judging how they looked from other people's plates, it seemed less appealing!  Kind of plain and boring, if you would.I had no regrets! The 4-inch diameter waffle was thick, moist, and had enough crisp around the edges! For an additional $2, I opted to add some fresh cut strawberries! Finish it off with some in-house syrup and butter, you got yourself a breakfast of champions! ($8)As for the Hash Brown, the shredded potatoes were crisped perfectly at the top while the inner part was fresh tasting! ($2)I washed all that down with a large glass of sweet, yet delicious orange juice!  This was probably the best fresh squeeze I've ever had. ($5)The meal was not heavy and portioned appropriately to keep you away from an afternoon nap.  Our server was knowledgeable about the menu and operated as efficient as she could as the restaurant was at full capacity. All in all, I would rate my experience as mostly positive with one caveat: the wait.  Expect a wait and steep bill!
4	Super busy on the weekends.  The wait moves very quick though. Kinda loud but not that bad. Great fresh squeezed OJ. Lots of menu choices. Everything looked good, I couldn't decide. Awesome bacon..and they always get the eggs just right. Service was pretty good. Id go back for sure
4	This is one of my favorite breakfast places in the valley! However, you need to get there early on the weekends because it gets crowded. It's not too bad of a wait, about 25 to  35 minutes. I love their apple crepes and the bacon is really thick and yummy! Don't sleep on the blueberry crepes either! They are delicious! If you like fluffy omelettes then you will love the omelettes here. I still prefer the omelettes at Waffle House.  They also have wonderful skillet breakfasts as well!  Great coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice!
4	Get here early or just be prepared to wait it out...The line seems to be never ending at this spot, but you know that's a good thing when you're talking about a restaurant in Scottsdale where there are so many to choose from.  Food is always great, no surprises there, otherwise there wouldn't be that line.  Regular favorites like omelets and scrambles are done as you'd expect, only probably better.  Atmosphere is ok, as it's just a regular American restaurant.  It's like an upscale Denny's inside.  If you're not in the mood for waiting, I would suggest heading elsewhere.  But if you're not in a rush and want some really good food, this is a good spot.
4	The Butterfields waffle Sunday made my jaw drop when I saw it. Pretty sure it was love at first sight.So,  I've tried a few different items here, and have not been disappointed by anything. The OJ is good too. This is one the my preferred breakfast joints in Scottsdale, it's cozy, I usually get seated right away, and the service is friendly.  Tip- I like the cheese blintzes
4	Had the eggs benedict and cheese grits. Both were good, but nothing out of the ordinary... I particularly liked that they had donut holes from Dunkin Donuts along with coffee in the waiting area....While we didnt have to wait long, I definitely filled up on SEVERAL of the cinnamon, powdered sugar donut holes.
3	The food was okay and I didn't have the pancakes but I ordered a orange juice when I sat down and it ended up costing more than $5. On the plus side the lamps looked like waffles.
5	YES YES YES everything was great my husband had Pumpkin french toast that he still hasnt stopped talking about and i had great fluffy pancakes , didnt wait on any line probably because it was july and durning the week but i would wait a line i really love how clean it was and how great the food was we will be back
5	Butterfields is breakfast at it's best.  It is the only place that can make better breakfast than me (I make some mean fluffy scrambled eggs and french toast, and the occasional breakfast burrito when I feel like going all out)Seriously the best breakfast restaurant I've ever been to (it tops a place in Austin I thought could never be topped)Portions are large and everything is fresh.  They even make their own orange juice (you can see the squeezer in the dining area and the crates of oranges are a convenient decoration and add a wonderful aroma combined with the other breakfasty smells. I have tried their omelettes, amazing. California scramble sans the chicken, amazing. French toast, amazing. Pancakes, amazing. Huevos rancheros, to die for.You can't go wrong at this place. It gets crazy busy on Sundays and you will probably have to wait for a table if you aren't an early bird but SOOOOO worth the wait.I take all of my out of town friends here, a meal at Butterfields is something I think everyone should have the chance to experience!
5	Butterfield's is a great choice for breakfast/lunch. Great tasting omelets and the best fresh-squeezed OJ! Their specialty pancakes are more like pies and take about 45 minutes to prepare, well worth it! Fresh ingredients and I've never waited more than 10 minutes for a seat even on busy days.
4	Fresh squeezed OJ...yum!Food rating gets 3 stars, but I am giving 4 because I like the atmoshpere and staff is consistently friendly. I cannot count how many times I have eaten here. Surprisingly with all the awesome restaurants we have in Phoenix, and particularly Scottsdale, we are seriously lacking in the breakfast department. Not a lot of options for a good breakfast that isn't a big chain.I always get the German Pancakes, "The Dutch Baby" (as long as I have time to wait the 20 min extra for cook time for them), they are quite delicious if you love lemon and butter as I do. Bacon is really good and consistent. Everything else to me is average. Omelet's are good, pancakes are okay...coffee is pretty good and they use cream, my pet peeve is when restaurants give you milk for your coffee instead of cream.The Hash Browns are kind of bland to me. I am always a sucker for fresh squeezed OJ.My 4 year old eats the chocolate chip pancakes pretty good and the 16 mos old likes the silver dollar pancakes he can eat by hand.Nothing has been as good as the old JP's Pancakes before that changed ownership, so this is the next best if you are accommodating kids and are sick of IHOP.Beware there is usually a wait of at least 20 minutes on weekends and when snowbirds come back in the fall.
5	Have not had a bad experience here. Service is quick and friendly and the food is consistently outstanding. The only negative is the wait. But it is worth it. And I wish it were open for dinner!!
4	They have terrific service and some damn delicious OJ. I may or may not order a large everytime I go. I go here just about every weekend and everytime the service is great and the OJ blows my mind.
5	Visiting from SoCal. Husband's favorite meal is breakfast. Butterfield's passed the test. He had the Mexicana, I had the California, kids had the Grilled Cheese Sandwich and the Mickey Mouse Pancakes. Not one crumb was left on anyone's plate. Service was VERY good. Can't wait to return to Arizona. Butterfield's will definitely be on the itinerary...
3	Yes, the menu prices are over the top.The food is good.Lots of menu selections ... with good service.If your 401K plan or IRA account, has held its value, you'll be able toafford eating here.
5	Love love love this place.  Food is great, services and food are fast.  Can be busy during peak times.
3	Wow, what a busy place. We came here while visiting Scottsdale. We are always up for a good breakfast and it seemed that this was the appropriate restaurant to try. This place reminded us a bit of a great small pancake house in Anaheim, CA called the Original Pancake House. It is much bigger and modern, so it lacks charm, but the food is better than standard faire. With that said, the creativity is good in their menu selection, but poorly executed. I had the banana french toast and was a bit disappointed. The banana bread used was fine, but too dense for french toast. It hardly had any egg coating to truly classify it as french toast. They serve huge slices of raisin toast, but bigger is not necessarily better. Very dry and not flavorful. Eggs were fine, and the service was good. I would come here before going to IHOP, but I would seek a different small hole in the wall breakfast joint before rushing back here. Avoid the Sunday brunch hour patrons, unless you're prepared to wait an hour or so. Enjoy.
5	They have great handmade orange juice (kids love watching the oranges being loaded into the giant juicing machine).  The Crepes are delicious especially the Gruyere Spinach topped with Hollandaise.  But my favorite is the Veggie Hash (braised veggies topped with poached eggs).  I should probably NOT mention the Veggie Hash because my only complaint is sometimes they run out of their fantastic veggie hash.
4	I LOVE breakfast, and its places like this that is the reason why. Good service, great food, good atmosphere. There was a wait when we got there but it was pretty quick because we were only a party of two. I ordered the eggs benedict (shocker I know) and my friend ordered their whole wheat pancakes. Everything is delicious and really affordable and the portions are large. We were stuffed and only spent like $15 a piece. My friend swears by their fresh squeezed OJ. They also have a small lunch menu if you aren't in the mood for breakfast. The only problem with this place is how far it is from where I live. I'd definitely make the drive for a darn good breakfast though.
3	Pretty good food, long wait. The pancakes are dry and fall apart when cutting. If you want to experience great pancakes, check out The General Store in north Scottsdale.
5	Quick and friendly service. Non-greasy and delicious food. Clean and inviting atmosphere. Reasonable prices. We ate here three days out of our four day vacation! The fresh orange juice and always refilled coffee are musts.
3	Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day, so I really enjoyed this place.  They have delicious fresh squeezed orange juice which is required for any breakfast, and some excellent pancakes.  I enjoyed the pumpkin french toast quite a bit, but it was really rich, as you can imagine.  The pancakes I tasted blew away what you would normally find at a standard breakfast joint.  The coffee wasn't anything special, but I wasn't expecting anything more than the average there.  The price is a bit high for breakfast, but it's in Snotsdale so most frequent patrons won't notice anyway.  I would come back here again for sure.
1	********The noise level on Sunday, was unacceptable.**********I defy you, to hear a single word, your table mate(s) say.Not the place..... if you want conversation.......between bites.YOU'LL revisit your youth on Sunday .... remember those Rock Concerts ??? *********My first time here on a Sunday .... and MY LAST !!! ***********Monday thru Friday, you can hear yourself think.Saturday, I have no idea.Sunday, the noise ambiance is on the verge, of being pain-full.The food was A-OK..... 4 starsThe service was also ..... 4 starsTHE ONE STAR IS FOR THE NOSIEST RESTAURANT, I'VE EVER EXPERIENCED.
1	My family and I went to Butterfield's Scottsdale Restaurant Saturday Oct 1st at 1PM. Our party included my 90 year old Mother on a walker, as well my sister, her husband and their 17 year old son. My nephew ordered a Panini which was very small, my sister ordered some crepes which she felt were not very good, my brother in law and I ordered a Denver Omelette which I was going to split with my Mother. When everything came my omelette was not fluffy and generous like my brother in laws.  Mine was small, dry and with hardly any vegetables.When our server came back she said it would do no good for her to complain to the cook or the management, because they wouldn't listen to her and it needed to come from me. She then said she had many similar complaints from customers throughout that week about their omelettes.So when I received the bill I went to see the manager and he met me with an attitude like "why are you bothering me". I explained to him what we had ordered and told him there was a significant quality control problem with his omelettes and that I thought he would like to know.  I thought as a courtesy, I would let him know that he had a food quality problem that his server confirmed. He immediately said that our server never would have said that, and there is nothing wrong with our omelettes or anything else coming out of our kitchen. He as much as called me a liar, so I asked him for his card or at least his name, and he refused and told me if I didn't leave the restaurant he would escort me out and call the police, all because I asked him for his name or card.  I said I'm more than happy to leave the restaurant, but I have to pay the bill, however because you have verbally threatened me twice I am going to make this incident very public.  He at the point informed me that he was also an owner... all the more reason why he should want to hear customer's comments (I was told by another waitress that his name was Chris).He followed me back to the table and proceeded to threaten my 90 year old mother, my 17 year old Nephew and his parents who didn't even know about our discussion, that if they didn't leave the restaurant he was calling the police! This man's actions were despicable and unprofessional and left my family stunned and appalled.  My question is, why would anyone consider going to this restaurant when a manager/owner is disrespectful to his customers and frightens his employees.
3	Very busy on a weekend morning - a good sign.  Short wait, a result of an efficient operation - this place is well run.I ordered the Apple Cinnamon French Toast.  This was topped with their touted "cinnamon-apple compote."  It was tasty, but only contained exactly 3 pieces of apple.  Not acceptable.If you like grits made with heavy cream, you'll like their grits.  Hash browns are made fresh, but they are overly greasy.Portions are modest but not stingy.Service was rather suffocating.  I don't need attention after every third bite.
3	Service was good, bacon was great, hash browns were awesome, but the pancakes that they stake their name on were all very dry. Not to mention OVER FIVE DOLLARS for a single glass of orange juice with no refills. Ridiculous.
4	I went here for lunch today with my family.  The restaurant was very busy, but somehow we got seated within 5 to 10 minutes.  This place would be getting a 5 star  review had it not been for the waitress forgetting things again and again.  In her defense, I really don't think she was forgetting some of the stuff and was just having difficulty getting our items due to the amount of people in the place.  We needed steamed milk and she kept saying the steamer was being used.  Same story with the smoothie.  Definitely not a big deal, though, and we loved all the food we had, which was very reasonably priced as well.
4	I really enjoy the food here. Great breakfast fare. Great prices. Great service. The pancakes are really good. I still wonder why people go to Dennys.  This is wayyyyyy better.
4	I love you Butterfields, but I think I could love you more if you made the hostess stand a beverage bar while I wait. It would be awesome!
4	Great breakfast place! I like to come on the weekends with the family. Only lousy part is the ridiculously long waits on the weekends sometimes, but I guess thats a good thing. Great OJ, good good selection, great atmosphere. To who ever said its too loud try planning your next meal at a library :) definitely recommend, just make sure you beat the weekend rush!
5	Ths place is fantastic.  We eat out about 5 times a week.  We go for the breakfast so I can't say about lunch.  The hostesses' are always smiling and friendly.  The waitstaff are prompt to your table and listen to what you order.  The Veggie hash is fantastic, I get it almost everytiime we go.  It has sweet potatoes, potatoes, corn, and brussel sprouts topped with 2 eggs any style.  Pancakes are also a great choice.  Coffee is hot, deliscious and your cup is never left empty. They make their ownl freshly squeezed orange juice.The place is always spotless.  The wait is well worth it.
5	Finally, after months of wanting to try this place we stopped today for breakfast and I must say it was fantastic. They have a big menu, so I had a hard time choosing. While I really wanted to try the French toast or waffles, I also didn't want all the sugar and carbs ...so I opted for the veggie omlet, which came with harsh browns and a side of pancakes. I upgraded to blueberry pancakes. I felt the portions were huge, but appropriate for the price. Mine was excellent! Dave had the apple cinnamon baked pancake...which I had to try...and it was really good. Also, our service was excellent...I was in desperate need of coffee and she kept my cup filled. I will definitely be back to try some other specialty items.
5	The best place to go for breakfast PLUS they have fresh O.J!Dr. Michael L. Johnson
5	Love this place. We need one on the west side.  Great OJ and love the veggie hash and the savory crepes.
2	I've visited Butterfield's on several occasions, and while I am never let down by the food or the service, I always feel a bit rushed.  Yes, I understand that there are people waiting for tables, and the quicker you can get me out of there and the next table in, the more money you will make, but what happened today was a real disappointment.  My daughter and I stopped in for breakfast at 9:15 this morning.  The restaurant was only about 3/4 full so we were seated immediately.  We placed our drink order moments after we were seated, and as soon as our server returned with our drinks we ordered our breakfast.  Our food was served within five minutes.  Everything was prepared exactly as we had requested.  We were still enjoying our meal when the bus person stopped by to clear some dishes.  He attempted to take my (two year old) daughter's plate because she was not actively eating it.  I stopped him and said she was still working on it.  He also asked if he could clear my side order of pancakes.  There was still half of the order of on my plate and we had only been eating for about seven minutes.  I told him I was not finished, and he left our table empty handed.  About seven more minutes passed before he returned.  My daughter had eaten every last drop of her kid's chocolate chip pancakes and strip of bacon so he cleared her plate.  He again tried to clear my pancakes plate, despite the fact that I was holding my fork in my hand.  I told him, once more, that we were still working on them.  Our server came by and offered me another iced tea.  I accepted and asked that she bring the check and a small box for my leftovers.  She returned with the tea, check and take out box moments later.  I told her I needed to take my daughter to the restroom, but that we would be coming back right back to finish up as I handed her my debit card to pay.When we returned to the table it had been completely cleared.  My daughter's orange juice ($3.29 for a kid's size) which was nearly full was gone, as was the untouched iced tea my server had just brought and my side of pancakes.  The take out box with the remainder of my corned beef hash and eggs was sitting on the edge if the table with my check waiting to be signed.  The table had already been set for the next guests.  Unbelievable...We had only been in the restaurant for 31 minutes (from the time we entered the door until we came back to our cleared table)!If you removed the obnoxious, overzealous busser from this equation our meal would have been four stars.  It was delicious.  Our server was friendly enough.  She made sure our needs were met and checked on us often.  I will likely return to give Butterfield's another chance, but if I am EVER rushed like I was today, you can rest assured I will not return.  I hope to be able to update this review with a couple extra stars soon!
4	A less sketchy Denny's. The Baby Apple Pancake came out piping hot and delicious and the omelets are soooo fluffy! I don't even understand how they get them so light and airy! I really liked the food, even the cinnamon raisin toast came out hot and sliced thick. I like all the orange trees, I'm guessing they are fake but I'll investigate more next time.This could get five stars from me but they played 4, count them, FOUR Nickelback songs in the time that I was dining, which was just way too much whiny sadness for my pancake feast.
3	We went to Butterfield's for brunch after church recently. The wait was at least 30 minutes -- it's a popular spot. The pancakes looked beautiful but I was keeping it healthy, so I went with the veggie hash that had sweet potato, white potato, corn, brussel sprouts and onion topped with two poached eggs, and an english muffin. It was tasty and the eggs were prepared well but the veggies needed a little seasoning. Overall, it was an adequate breakfast but not sure it was worth the wait. Heads up: the juice machine (orange or grapefruit available) is serious business!
4	This is like an upscale Denny's because of the various sides you get with each breakfast/brunch plate; which is great because I like variety in my breakfast/brunch. I have had most of the scrambles and omelets, and all are terrific. The gluten-free pancakes are not the best but they're passable. The texture is off but the flavor is decent.The wait can be long during traditional breakfast/brunch times on the weekend but if you get there before 9 am or after 12 pm the wait is short or nonexistent.
5	Holy deliciousness!!! This is a popular place for good reason. 1. FOOD- Big selection of breakfast and some lunch items. I can personally reccomend the Popeye scramble (lots of spinich and the bacon is thick cut!), banana and pecan waffle and Irish Benny (house made corn beef hash - YUM.) Coffee is suprisingly good too! Boyds I believe is the brand they serve. 2. SERVICE- Fast, friendley waitstaff. They all were very attentive with drink refills and the kitchen pumps out their food faster than I thought possible!! You may have to wait a little while for a table, but once you're seated you get served right away. The atmosphere is friendly but you don't feel pressured to get out the second you finish eating. For a few bucks more I would eat here every time hands down over Denny's (which is just around the corner). The only downside is that they close at 2pm, so no dinner service or late lunches. Been there a few times, and this is definitely "our new place" for breakfast :-)
5	Boy do I love a great Pancake house, and since I was visiting my friend in Scottsdale, she suggested we dine here. We dined a total of 3 days straight for breakfast, and each time I ordered something different for breakfast. This is a popular place for sure!They do their best to keep your coffee cup filled at all times, and the orange juice is freshly squeezed with pulp in it. The toast is thick, which I really enjoy. The bacon is awesome and I would love to have it all of the time!I believe they are open from 6:30 am to 2:30 pm and the lines and wait moves fairly quickly.I loved the pancakes, again the batter is made fresh. The waffles were good too. The sausage benedict was ok and I wish I had tried something different. My friend loves the biscuits with gravy which is also fresh and tasty.I will miss you Pancake house, but rest assured I will see  when I return to the area.
5	Long wait but worth it. Great food and service.
5	Maybe the best breakfast I've ever had
5	Freakin awesome...from the juicer to the food....it is now a weekly thing btw myself and my friend...We are addicted.....Their OJ is freshly squeezed, service awesome and the food to die for...Its worth it....Pricey but you get what you pay for.....Although their coffee could be better....but its pretty close to perfection soooooo.
5	One of the best and most consistent places in Scottsdale...Tons of choices all very good served very quickly.  Weekends are busy and unless you go early (before 9am) expect to wait! It can get loud when it is busy but unless you are an old coot you won't find it too bad.
1	NEVER GOING BACK... What do you mean no more Dutch Baby Pancake??  We drove over 50 miles to go to one of our favorite breakfast places & as a treat we always order the Dutch Baby Pancake. After waiting 30 minutes for a table we brushed off by the waitress after asking to order this BUTTERFIELD'S SPECIAL... "Oh we don't serve THAT anymore..."  We were so shocked that we thought she was kidding!!  After going back & forth, we kept asking why & she just left & sent over the asst manager. He simply stated they were constantly getting burned & made a management decision to discontinue the BUTTERFIELD'S TRADITION!!!  For Christ sake they have a half page write up in the Arizona Republic boasting about their specialized Dutch Baby Pancakes!!!  When we stated we'd NEVER had a burnt one nor had we ever remembered having to wait any extraordinary time for the cooks to make another one... always within 15 minutes of ordering we would get it, without fanfare!!  This Asst. Mgr was so indifferent to our complaint that one of my kids said, "I guess we'll have to go to the Original Pancake House to get this pancake".  Then the Asst. Mgr piped up & shot down this comment by saying, "Oh, but their food is terrible & I've heard, VERY UNCLEAN!!"  I was stunned!!  Neither my wife or I could think of anything to say to that & the asst mgr then turned & left. I cannot believe a professional restaurant manager would stoop to such tactics... we've been to the Original Pancake House & LOVE their food, especially their swedish pancakes. The Dutch Baby is a bit better at Butterfield's but to have the audacity to speak of another competitor restaurant as being UNCLEAN, is unforgiveable... we never found this restaurant in any less than stellar cleanliness!! I'm sure the Original Pancake House would not be very happy to hear of this assistant manager slandering their restaurant!!  Upon leaving we asked the hostess just when was the dutch baby pancake discontinued? She immediately went & got the General Manager.  He was of little additional help, other than clarifying & contradicting his OWN Asst. Manager!! He said the pancake was taken off the menu just 6 days prior to us coming. When we said that we heard this was because the Dutch Baby's were getting burned & waste... we said, "Maybe you need to get a good cook!"  He looked at us puzzled & said, "They weren't burned... it just takes too long to make!!"  WHAT??... NEEDLESS TO SAY... I WON"T BE BACK!!!
4	There is a reason why you will probably have to wait for a table.  The place is very good!  The service was prompt, and unlike some others we never felt rushed.  Our order was delivered accurately (5 of us), and all at the same time.  Absolutely no complaints.  I don't usually give 5 stars, but Butterfields is close.
4	I biked all over the Phoenix area looking for authentic eggs Benedict and this is the place for it. Waffes and pancakes better than average as well, but helloooo, Scottsdale, right? If you want your Eggs Benny, NY Style. This is the place. Gets very busy after 8 am so come early. Oh and they freshly squeeze ALL their juices so do not skip the Vitamin C dose.
5	The food has always been right on I would recommend this to all.
5	OMG YUM! My friends and I are on a mission to find some of the best breakfast joints in Phoenix and this one is phenomenal! Where else can you order an omelet with hasbrowns and get a side of pancakes too, for like $10?! I have been back 3x and love trying new things every time. The salmon omelet as well as the spicy chorizo omelet are great, the stuffed friench toast and berry pancakes are amazing and the fresh squeezed orange juice is a must for first time diners! The decor is cheesy but who cares when the food is so good?! Top breakfast place for sure.
4	Fairly good breakfast place in the valley.  Just a warning, it is typically very busy so plan to arrive early to avoid large crowds and long waits.  They do their best to get you in though!  All the food is excellent!  The menu is a large array of breakfast favorite, southwestern renditions, and some unique items as well.  Staff is friendly and attentive.  Would highly recommend to anyone, better than Denny's or IHOP.
4	SO, being a Gluten-Free Vegan is hard. I came here with a friend the other day because it was one of the few places where both of us could get what we wanted (He is a wheat loving carnivore). Anyway, I got the Garden Skillet with no eggs, no cheese and Gluten Free pancakes instead of toast (he got something eggy,meaty and wheaty).After we had ordered, we whipped out my ipad to play some sort of two player game, but before we could even pick one, the food was arriving. The service was so prompt and everything was delicious. There was a 20min. wait to be seated, but it was totally worth it. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who is GF or Vegan...or both!
4	Finally...a place that'll satisfy my pancake cravings!  Maybe it was a fluke but we were seated in 10-15 minutes on a Sunday morning and our food came out surprisingly fast.  I had the S'moreo cookie cakes and they were delicious.  The pancakes were light, fluffy, not too sweet, and the amount of oreo cookie crumbles in the batter was perfect!  I also had a side of the corned beef hash to offset the sweetness of the pancakes and it was so-so.  My husband had the country benny and that was really good too (especially since the white country gravy was not too heavy).  We have to recommend the OJ as well. All in all, the breakfast we had was a great start to our day.  I can't wait to come back and try their other pancakes and waffles.
3	Solid food.  My egg white veggie omelet was huge.  I would return to Butterfield's for breakfast.
3	My kids and I love the food.  We are always looking for a good breakfast and we got it here.  My only complaint is that they should have better coffee.  It is an average cup and for me excellent coffee is a must to keep me coming back consistently.
2	Butterfields, oh butterfields.  Tsssk... tsssk....  I'm just going to explain my experience there and then talk about the food.  So listen up... Walked in.... there was a wait on a Wed morning for about 5 mins for two people.  The decor was weird.  There was a flying pancake mural on the ceiling over the lobby.  Really cheesy considering that the place is nicely designed on the outside.  The other light fixtures were painting on waffles, what the heck.  I get it, breakfast themed, but it was just weird, it didn't fit with the rest of the restaurant.  I ordered a cup of joe.  My husband didn't. The coffee girl who came by to pour MY cup of joe, not so great.  The coffee cup was clearly on my side of our tiny table and she turns and speaks only to my husband and asks, "caffeinated or decaf".  Hello... um, I'm right here and the coffee cup is in front of me.  (At what point did I marry Christian Grey  or Edward?)  My husband reached over and pushed my cup even further right in front of me and ever so graciously replies, "My WIFE ordered the coffee."  She turns and I said caffeinated and she pours and walks away.  Ummmm... thanks.  The waitress (not the coffee girl) is great.  Attentive, she built some rapport by complementing my glasses, my coffee was always topped off by her and water glass was never empty.  The only thing that I wasn't appreciative of is that she dropped the bill off at the table in the middle of our meal.  IT wasn't even as if we were almost done, but at the time, I felt that I was being rushed.  No bueno.As to the food:   I have been on no carbs- no sugar for a month.   A plain ol' waffle should've knocked my socks off.    That is all I ordered, was a regular waffle for the crazy price of $6.25.  It had holes in some of the spots where clearly not enough batter was used.  The waffle also had no flavor, not even a hint of vanilla.  Very lackluster for the price.   I ordered a side of bacon extra crispy.  Though the bacon looked well-done, it was still soft and surprisingly lacked flavor.   My husband ordered the pancake stack with berries/marscapone/vanilla creme.  IT was very pretty but so overpoweringly sweet because of all the vanilla creme sauce.  You couldn't really taste the pancake.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't amazingly good either for almost $9.00.  For almost $4.00 he ordered a side of corned beef hash with onions.  Tiny little portion for the cost and I would say they need to rename it ONIONS with hash and corn beef.  Coffee was $2.25---what?  I know.  What it boils down to, is that their pancackes and waffles are lackluster and they use toppings as a way to make them good.  All in all, my husband said it right,  "It's an over-priced Dennys."
5	I've been going to this place for several years now and I have yet to be disappointed!! Their apple crepes will make you wanna slap yo' mama!! I just love this place!!
5	Oh breakfast, you're my best friend. Let's be pals forever and for always.Butterfields offers so many choices, it's almost absurd. You can choose between breakfast or lunch.. Although for me, it's no contest. Breakfast wins every time. The skillet I ordered started with a hash brown base, topped with peppers, chorizo and avocado then topped with two over easy eggs. It originally came with cheese, but they left it off for me. This comes with your choice of pancakes or grits. I picked whole wheat pancakes. Sooooo good. Everything was delicious. Even the fresh squeezed OJ and I don't even really like oranges. The service was very friendly and prompt. I could seriously eat just about everything on the menu. I can't wait to go back.
4	Strawberry Shortcake pancakes...awesome!  Just straight up awesome breakfast food.  It's that simple.  Good service, great food, happy stomach.
3	With breakfast being my favorite meal, this place was on the top of my list, but things have changed...As some people may have noticed, they changed their menu. They used to have a Dutch Baby (many people like this, but I have never tried it) and an amaaazing Baked Apple Pancake; one of the only places in the valley.Also, they had the most delicious pumpkin french toast, which I could not go without. This was our "cheat" restaurant we would come to for breakfast a couple times a year. Unfortunately early this summer when we were going to come, I just happen to check their menu online so I could plan out my meal (okay, I'm weird), and at first I thought I was looking at the wrong restaurant's menu; but nope, I checked on Yelp and sure enough some people noted that they had changed their menu.Upon looking over the new menu again, some of the dishes do look promising, so we'll have to go back and indulge for a second review. I am looking forward to the following entrees: Berry Bliss Pancakes and French toast, S'Moreo Cookie Cakes Pancakes, Stuffed Strawberry Cheesecake French Toast, White Chocolate Taffy Apple French Toast, and the Banana Cream French Toast. (Okay, this might take a few visits to try, ha.)Sure the decor is whimsical, the wait might seem long, but they flip tables quickly, the dining room was spotless the few times we came, and it is a breakfast joint after all; might as well enjoy your environment and your company.
1	I love butterfield's and my family and I go there every sunday to go eat breakfast. But the only problem is the girls that work up in the front are a little ignorant to people and for it being so early in the morning not a lot of people really want to deal with that. One time my mom asked the girl if she could borrow a pen the girl looked at her said she didn't have one yet they had a whole bunch of pens in a holder....gee..what great service. The waiters are great!!! they always are on top of their game and of course since we are regulars they love to talk to us. We have told them about the girls but I think this is a perfect way to put them on blast! If you are working at a place that considers great customer service (obviously everywhere) then fake a smile and put that nasty attitude away. Being rude is not good customer service. Other than that go to Butter Fields! they have the best food of course :)
4	My boyfriend and I go to Butterfields often. I love the veggie hash! It is always awesome. The servers are always friendly and prompt. However, on this last visit, we were very annoyed at the other servers and managers. It seemed to be the time in the shift when the manager had cut down to just a couple of servers. We were sat and waited about 5 minutes to be greeted. We were fine with that, as we are both in the restaurant industry and could see that our server received several tables at once. It took a while to get out coffee and our order placed, but again we were fine with that since she was clearly busy. However, we could hear other tables getting upset at the lack of service, though they were to blind to realize their server was busy. My annoyance came about when I noticed the manager, 2 servers and 3 hostesses standing up front screwing around instead of helping the busy server. Would it be too much to ask to help your fellow employees by getting refills, running food, or doing anything to help? Apparently the manager is only there to chat with the hostesses half of his age. Aside from this, the food is always delicious and I would recommend this breakfast joint to anyone. I would also recommend some training on how to help your coworkers!
4	What more could you want in a breakfast place? Delicious breakfast food, pancakes, french toast, eggs, and good coffee (hard to come by in this type of restaurant environment)!Service is very, very fast. We have been coming here 2x per week lately because we drop my older daughter off at choir practice before school and have an hour to kill before the other one gets dropped off. I can't think of a better way to kill time than at Butterfield's.
1	Not impressed with this place! Geezer place for me!
2	Extremely slow service, hostess and manager were both rude. I noticed that 2 tables that sat after we did got served first. 4 out of every 10 people that walked in, walked right back out once they saw the line. We waited 35 minutes for a table. This was my first and last time at this over priced Denny's
4	A group of us needed to find a last minute place to get breakfast and we randomly chose Butterfield's based on convenient location. We made a pretty good choice. The service was fast, efficient, friendly. The menu was extensive and well priced. One day, when I've given up on life, I plan to go back and order the oreo cookie pancakes.  They look amazing. They also look like they'll probably kill me.
5	Amazing food!  Excellent service. Such a great breakfast that we went there 3 days in a row.
5	This place is unbelievable!  The restaurant is immaculately clean, the food is delicious, and the service is outstanding.  We had to wait about a half hour to be seated on Sunday morning, but we received our food within 15 minutes of ordering.  We ordered Banana Cream Toast and the New Mexico Skillet.  I have never tasted anything better!  The staff is extremely professional.  Rocko, the manager, was excellent.  He came over and introduced himself, making sure we had everything we needed.  Personable and helpful staff always make dining experiences more enjoyable!  Overall, Butterfield's is an excellent breakfast choice with great food for a great price.  We will definitely be back!
4	BF brought me here for Birthday breakies. Yummy. Crepes were very tasty. I object to paying more for maple syrup vs crap table syrup so did not get waffles or pancakes, although they looked good. Service was prompt- the bussers were totally on it and pleasant. Great bacon that they were willing to so crispy (yum!) so I was a happy birthday girl. :)
5	Best breakfaat place in scottsdale by far! Pancakes, eggs, bacon are all what youd expect from a higher end pancake house. Yum
5	Went here while on vacation in Scottsdale.  As breakfast joints go, this one is near the top of the list.  Fantastic pancakes, decent variety, and friendly staff.I even went so far as to tell my wife that it was maybe the best overall breakfast I've ever had.  That's saying a lot, considering that I use any excuse I can get to go out for breakfast.
1	Had breakfast here this morning, prior to a doctor's appointment. While I was assured that everything I ate was gluten-free, it definitely wasn't (tummy troubles began 10 minutes into my meal... I was hoping it was just indigestion, but symptoms turned they way they do when I've been "glutened"). They have gluten free waffles and pancakes on the regular menu, so I went in with high hopes. I asked about the hash browns and sausage links and were told they were GF. I ordered the GF pancakes (which come as a side to the two egg breakfast). The pancakes had a very strange aftertaste (almost like there was cheap, not-cooked-out, too much vanilla extract... it was strangely alcoholic) and I wasn't convinced of the texture (VERY spongey). The hash browns were meh, plus I think they were the culprit. They tasted frozen (there's a certain texture that fresh hash browns have, and frozen hash browns are always suspect as most frozen potato products are coated in flour to prevent sticking together). While the ingredient list may not have listed gluten, would someone have noticed if it just said flour, especially if it didn't say wheat? I just don't know. They were also out of any caffeinated black tea. For breakfast. At a breakfast joint. I ended up with a passable green tea, but it wasn't fabulous.I won't be back.
5	Always a great place to have breakfast & the service is excellent. The pancakes are amazing but if you're looking for something healthy they're great at that too.I have had their french toast and their pancakes and they're both top notch. Lately, I've been eating extremely healthy, so I had an egg white omelet "made to order," and it was amazing.Only bad thing about this place is that it's so good, you'll definitely have to wait for a table on the weekends, but it's worth the wait.
1	I have eaten here several times. The food is good for a breakfast place but the service is always attrocious. Today after waiting for 15 minutes for a table we were called up for seating. 2 of our party were in the bathroom & there was a line. I explained this to the hostess & was told by the manager & the hostess that we would not be seated until they came out. I said we all walked in together you saw us. They said they would not seat us. Finally after another 10 minutes out came the rest of our party.  I was so taken back by this rule of every member of your party being present to get a seat, I opted to leave. In an area were breakfast restaurants are plentiful I will not be returning to this restaurant ever again. If your looking for a breakfast place I would recommend Butter's or First Awakenings both within 2 miles of Butterfields. Your money is better spent at either of these other 2 restaurants as the service is stellar & the food is delicious.
5	I'm going to take a major risk here and say that Butterfield's is one of the best breakfast places I have been to in the valley. Definitely the best one for a sit-down Brunch with friends and family.Why? the food is freaking LEGIT. (I was tempted to quote MC Hammer but I decided to hold back, so, you know, you're welcome). I ordered a California scramble (eggs, tons of gooey cheese, diced chicken, tomato and avocado) with a side of fruit (berries, melons an grapes) and upgraded my pancake serving to their Wildberry one (pancakes with berry butter on top and more berries). It was enough food to feed me for the entire day and seriously caused me to slow down for the remainder of my morning, not to mention my dreaded Camelback hike.Everything tasted amazingly fresh and had tons of flavor. The scramble was the best I have ever had because the eggs were fluffy, they did not hold back on the cheese, the avocado was tender and the chicken was seasoned well. It was a decent portion and the side of pancakes was incredibly indulgent- using their home maple syrup and their berry butter. Jesus, my mouth is watering again just thinking about it.Our server was on point and always ready to refill our water carafes or coffee cups. I saw another table order some sort of latte/hot chocolate drink and I almost pointed and ordered it too because it looked freaking fantastic. My friend ordered the corned beef skillet topped with TONS of cheese, meat, BACON and hash potatoes- super tasty. Other friends got the protein pancakes (or as they called BROTEIN, cause they're douches like that) and they were a bit drier (because of the oats and grains added) but still well done. The only negative I heard was my friend's salad was a little oily, but I did not try it nor can give an opinion of it myself.I will definitely come back, hopefully after not eating for a week so that I can order everything off the menu and pig out in a very unattractive and uncensored way. Butterfields, consider yourselves warned.
5	My first time here and I can tell you it  WON'T be my last! Here's what I had:    Two (2) fried eggs, over-easy    Three (3) sausage patties    A medium sized bowl of creamy grits    Two (2) pancakes w/syrup    Small glass of freshly squeezed OJ    A couple of cups of coffee with cream      . . . and a ton of water!I have to admit I didn't finish it all; but it was not for want of trying! This little piggy tried very hard to finish it all . . . I had to come home and take a nap!
4	We made the drive up to North Scottsdale to try out Butterfield's, and left satisfied.  In addition to more sweet items such as pancakes, French toast, Belgian waffles, and crepes, they also offer savory breakfasts such as skillets, omelettes, and scrambles.  The ingredients are very high quality, and they take a lot of care to make a great tasting meal for you.Feeling like I was in a caffeine deficit, I decided to try out the caramel macchiato (A little over $4, can be made iced or hot).  It was a nice blend of sweetness and creaminess, and the coffee itself was very smooth.  The coffee drinks are served as a 16 oz. size, so although they are pricey, you get a good amount of drink for your money.After poring through the extensive menu, I decided on the wildberry pancakes ($8.95).  They were moist, fluffy, with a nice selection of fresh berries (Blackberries, raspberries, strawberries, and blueberries) on the side.  Sandwiched in-between the pancakes were a mix of blueberries and a berry-mascarpone filling.  The pancakes were also coated with a lovely drizzle of vanilla cream (Made with real vanilla bean) and berry sauce.  There was enough sweetness and creaminess in the dish that I didn't need to add any syrup at all, nor add any of the butter that was included as a side.  The only thing I didn't really like was that there was a small amount of the mascarpone filling, and since there was just a smattering of it, it tasted like hot cream cheese inside the hot pancakes (Not very appealing to me at least since you usually associate mascarpone/sweet cream fillings with cold temperature).My friend had an egg-white omelette, which was quite possibly the fluffiest egg-white omelette I've seen, and quite fluffy compared to normal omelettes I've seen!  I had a taste, and it was really well-executed.  The flavors inside the omelette were perfect.  I also tried some of the chorizo skillet, which was a very good portion, with hearty amounts of chorizo, veggie, cheese, and potato.We came here on a Sunday around 10 A.M. and waited about 20-25 minutes for 3 people.  Service was friendly and fast despite the busy atmosphere.  Butterfield's is definitely one of the top breakfast places to go if you don't mind the wait!
4	We went around 9:45am on a Sunday morning... oops? 30 minute wait, but definitely worth it. Fantastic food, even if you don't get the pancakes. Our server was on the ball, refilled my coffee cup 3 times without me asking, and was clearly working hard, taking care of all the other tables in her section. I got the smoked salmon scramble and it was perfect. The bathroom was clean, which is always important to me. The only thing that didn't make it perfect was the three ladies at the hostess counter. Not exactly a personable bunch!
5	My new breakfast spot. This place is the real deal, the food is outstanding and so is the service. Try the cheese grits.
4	This is a damn good breakfast spot.  How do they get their omelets so fluffy?  The fresh OJ is awesome, and so is just about everything else I have had there.  I did get sick once after eating here, but I still like it a lot!
5	Phenomenal Breakfast!!!  Our first visit this morning, 25 minute wait (on a Sunday morning- NOT BAD!)  We pulled up and people were mingling patiently inside and outside waiting for tables.  When it was our turn to sit, we were welcomed by a very cheery waitress who got our drinks immediately.  The atmoshphere was very clean and friendly.  The fresh-squeezed orange juice machine near the kitchen double doors was a subtle reminder of the fresh quality of our food to come.Our dishes came in a very timely manner, piping hot and delicious - mine was the best California Scramble and Fluffy banana pancakes EVER!  Paired with a carefully prepared mocha, complete with a delicate chocolate syrup swirl on top.   I work in the property management industry in a large community in the area and had to run off to work right after breakfast.  I have already recommended Buterfield's to several residents today!    This place will be a regular hot spot for our young family, and most likely a new weekend tradition!  :-)
2	Good Benny. Not memorable at all. Food fills your gut though.
5	My girlfriends and I drive to Scottsdale at least once a year to go to Butterfield's. Last year we were a party of over 20 Red Hatters...this year just four of us. I've read reviews on Google that weren't so nice, but you'll hear nothing bad from me. Last year when I went, the manager was VERY accommodating to our party and we all left very satisfied. Today, it was the same. Our server was very kind in that she let us all have separate tickets and when we are honored with this type of service, we tip very well.My one friend had the smoked salmon scrambler which she always gets and is never disappointed. I had the Wildberry Bliss French Toast...three Texas-toast sized pieces with wildberry mascarpone between the slices, drizzled in vanilla cream with strawberries, blackberries and blueberries. I did get a side order of the Applewood bacon (delish) to counter all the sweetness in the French Toast. The coffee was never ending and two of us got hot water for our tea. It is pretty loud in there but that's because everyone loves the place and keeps it full.Service was with a smile and no one was rude to us. I think this restaurant is close to heaven, and I'll keep going back for a good long time.
5	The place is very nice, the food is GREAT but they are a little pricey....
5	Oh Butterfield's how glad I am to have found you after my tried and true breakfast joint just packed and left me. The service is amazing, the food is super yummy and breakfast has never tasted better.  With so many choices and tons of space, there is never a long wait and the food is always high quality and top notch.  I'm pretty sure I'm in love.
5	Not just a breakfast place.  Have had lunch there a few times and it was fantastic.  The absolute BEST prime rib french dip anywhere!  The meat is so tender it melts in your mouth.Very friendly wait staff and fast service.  Have never had to wait for a table.  This has become one of my very favorite restaurants.   Will try breakfast next time.
5	Great place! Usually you'll have 15-20 minutes to kill, but it's worth the wait. Everything is delicious. Everyone is smiling. I love eating there. The strawberry Belgian waffle and apple pancake are both ridiculously awesome. The skillets are tasty too. We were there again today and Willie was our server - nicest guy ever.
5	They serve fresh squeezed (real deal) orange juice and serve a delicious breakfast. This place is off the charts
4	Lots of food. Had a great Denver omelette. Pancakes were generous as were the other portions. I would return here for lunch or breakfast.
4	I heard of this place from a few of my friends and I know a couple girls who work here so I had to check it out. After learning that they have fresh squeezed ruby red grapefruit juice I knew I was going to be a fan. Not only the juice, the latte was good and the protein pancakes were amazing as well. The food was fresh, good and service was very good. There was an army of staff working hard to keep everyone happy. I have many people come by my table for refills on water, with food and to ask how everything was. Will have to make this one of my spots for breakfast when in the area for sure!!!
5	I just love this place. Breakfast is always amazing and the fresh squeezed orange juice is so yummy. I wish the juice was a tad bit cheaper cause I would buy one everyday!The pancakes are to die for! The only thing I didn't like was the eggs...I think they add water which makes them really fluffy! It's not bad but the texture grosses me out but I won't be dinging any stars because that's just my personal problem! If your in the area check this place out just make sure you go early or you have time to wait!
2	I went to their Northbrook, IL location many, MANY years ago with my dad for pancakes.  I recall that the pancakes were good.  Tried the Scottsdale location today.  They were packed, but we were seated within 5 minutes.  Service was extremely fast.  After being seated, the waitress took our order within 3 minutes and the food arrived within 7-10 minutes.  Portions were very small--not at all what I remembered from Chicago.  The wife had the spinach & gruyere crepe--not all that bad, but nothing all that great either.  I had the Southern Benedict.  Very, very small.  Everything tasted processed.  The grits were more of a paste--not home-made.  The steel-cut Scottish oatmeal was not made from steel-cut oats.  Final damages--$27 for two, so not so bad.  Both of us got sick on the way home.  Won't be going back.  I can see it is very popular (as are the Chicago locations) but I don't want to pay for reconstituted Restaurant Depot meals.  Hopefuly, their famous pancakes aren't of the same quality, but we're not going back to find out.
4	Saturday breakfast at 10 am and it only took 15 min to be seated, I was impressed!  Husband got the Irish benny and looked pretty happy as he was wolfing it down.I went with the banana nut French toast and walked away on a crazy sugar high. Typical breakfast place, loud,family friendly.The fresh squeezed oj was a pleasant surprise.
2	Average pancake house with nothing to rave about. The eggs were good and so were the pancakes.  I would have loved to try the grits but they had none.  Nothing to write home about - guess I am spoiled because we have stellar breakfast joints in suburban Chicago.
4	This place should actually be called Butterfield's and Associates Cardiology.  If you are looking for an egg white with veggies omelette and a side of turkey bacon, I'm sure you could.  However, their specialty is found in their name--butter.  Everything is butter tasty.  Their pancakes so good that after having them, we craved them for the next week.  They vary is tasty extremes, going from the normal buttermilk (there's the butter again), to gluten free, to Oreo cookie and s'mores pancakes.  Their short stack is an excellent side though a good meal in itself.  My personal favorite is their wild berry pancakes and their blueberry pancakes.  Both are stuffed with berries and the wild berry is smothered in cream.  I am gaining calories just by writing about them.  You want French Toast or waffles, they have those too. We all had various items off the menu.  I chose a Create- Your-Own-Omelette with Nova Lox, cream cheese, red onion, and a side of hollandaise sauce. Another member of our group tried the Mexicana omelette.  Mmmm...finally decent chorizo in a non-Mexican restaurant.  The omelette came with avacado, cheese and a green chile sauce.  Besides omelettes, Butterfield's also has skillets, scramblers and other egg specialties.  The only problem I saw was the waitstaff and the wait.  This is a large, popular restaurant.  With so many people, there is an initial wait and then there is also a wait for our food.  If you go, try an off time.  What ever do, don't go on a Sunday morning!  You will wait at least 45 minutes and then wait 30 for your food.  Other than that, this is a wonderful breakfast place to take family and friends.
5	This place rocks.  Great food , great price , great service.They are busy but we usually can get a seat within ten minutes And the food comes out in seven minutes.They have it down to a science.
4	This place is very clean and neatly decorated. They have gluten free pancakes available, of more than one kind! That was a nice surprise because I miss ordering pancakes for breakfast. Service was a bit slow, but the place was busy at 1030 on a weekday and I wasn't in a hurry, so it wasn't a big deal. I would recommend this place if you happen to be in the area.
3	Driving up to Butterfields, the first thing you'll notice is the crowd out the door. Not unusual for a Saturday or Sunday morning, there will be people waiting both outside and inside the restaurant. The crowd might be large, but thankfully due to the number of seats and the fast-paced staff, you typically won't need to wait more than 15 minutes.From a pure ratings perspective, Butterfields falls right in the middle of my spots for brunch. I frequent the place because of proximity, convenience and comfort. Butterfields is all about the home-cooked style meal that leaves you happy and your stomach satisfied. There are certainly places that are worse, however if you're looking for a unique or exceptional meal, you may want to look elsewhere. This really isn't a bad thing in Butterfield's case, because I believe they are striving to reach the masses with their food. Of all the menu choices, if you are looking for something a little more unique (at least for the Scottsdale area), try the Dutch Baby, a baked pancake of sorts.This past visit, I had the chicken scrambler with fruit and potatoes. As with most other breakfast places, the portions are quite large here as well. The flavors overall were good, however one complaint I have was that there was too much filler put into the eggs. A lot of restaurants use milk or cream to make the eggs more fluffy, however in this case there was a little too much added. The eggs tasted a bit diluted.I'll continue going to Butterfields because of the comfort. I'll continue trying different items on their menu, but I feel confident that it will keep consistent with my experience there. For most, that's really not a bad thing.[This review is based on my visit on July 27, 2013]
4	Good news for Butterfield's. After a couple years or so of having altered the menu, it appears that they have brought back the ever-so-popular oven baked specialties.Although the menu is not 100 percent the same as before, having brought back the baby apple pancake and dutch baby have made the trip up to Scottsdale worth the trip for an indulgent breakfast.Aside from the noisy and busy environment, and tacky but fitting decor, Butterfield's does have some stand-out items on their menu. From the fresh-squeezed juices (albeit small and overpriced portions) to the unique egg specialties and pastry items, this is the place for an occasional breakfast treat when you want something a bit more upscale than the traditional chain diners.The highlight on the menu, in my opinion, is the baked baby apple pancake. Prepare for the 30 minute wait, and if you want any shot in being able to finish a decent portion of the plate-sized "pancake", don't eat anything before your visit. The large treat comes to the table piping hot and is puffed up a couple of inches tall. Although all of the caramelized apples and brown sugar are begging to be eaten at the moment's notice, do yourself a favor and wait another 5 minutes to avoid burning your mouth and ruining the rest of your meal with this fresh-out-of-the-oven delight.The apple pancake (more like an apple pie that you can have all to yourself), is packed with the equivalent of no less than at least 2 granny smith apples. The thick, doughy crust and the sticky and crunchy brown sugar topping keep you forking for more. Despite the time it may take you to work through this beast, the steam keeps pouring out.The service is pretty decent, but with the crowd of people and all of the glass and ceramic cups and plates, the clatter and chatter can get very ear piercing. If you come on the weekend, expect a long wait, but the staff moves tables quickly and the restaurant is nice and clean.
5	There is no better breakfast shop west of the Mississippi. Pancakes are like clouds. Great for family and friends alike.
4	Delicious, crowded, noisy are three words to describe this popular pancake, crepe and  omelette eatery.Most of the seating is open, so at peak times you will experience the same sound level as an outdoor road with traffic!  The food is delicious and the staff does their best to accommodate the flood of people and screaming babies on weekend mornings.Wear ear plugs and enjoy!
4	The grits are soo good.  I wanted to lick the bowl. The best grits I've ever had.  Creamy and tasty. The corned beef hash was pretty good too.  No potato pancakes, but they do have biscuits and gravy.  No idea how good they are.The omelettes are so fluffy, they look a football.  I think there's someone in the back just pumping them full of air.  They didn't skimp on the cheese.  A little bland for my taste .  Needed salsa.  They charge $0.25 for a side of salsa.  They move you in and out pretty fast.  Props to the bus boys. They move!! Good job.  Showed up around 8:30/9:00 on a Sunday morning. Got us in under five minutes.  Didn't make use feel rushed.   Kept the coffee flowing.  Service was friendly.I'd go back just for the grits.
4	Love this place! All of their breakfast entrees are solid across the board - you really cant wrong ordering anything. Pancakes and omelets are outstanding and equally important, they are consistent - tastes great every time and this has been our regular breakfast stop for well over a year now. Just like any quality breakfast joint, you really need to get there early to avoid the rush otherwise, be prepared to wait and while.
5	Delicious food and good service. Their eggs benedict is the best I have had so far in the valley and they make good omelets too. Expect to wait if you come on the weekend.
5	I love Butterfield's! Wait drives me insane, but once you're seated service is very quick and the food is awesome! Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day and I love everything I've tried here. Skillets, chocolate chip pancakes, huevos rancheros and the breakfast burrito are my favorites! If you want a great classic breakfast in a non-pretentious causal and clean family spot look no more!
5	They have the best oj, a great breakfast and the longest wait in town!
4	One of the best places for breakfast!  Everything is amazing but beware, the portions are huge!
5	Always great, always freindly, always made the way i want....seriously, why go elsewhere????  i eat pretty cleanas a bodybuilder, I can get fluffy egg white omelettes with no butter, gluten free pancakes, sugar free syrup, crispy hash browns....and never wait too long!  We have been regulars for more than seven years.....still our favorite breakfast spot after all this time!!!  try the skillets too, they are awesome!
2	Just returned from my stay in Scottsdale  it was just OK not worth the money i went back to Good Egg the menu changed an i felt incredibly rushed will not return
5	This place was absolutely FANTASTIC! We were in town for a Wedding and this place was highly recommended by the hotel staff! We went on Friday morning so we were seated very quickly and even gave us a booth when we asked to change from a table to a booth. The wait staff was wonderful! Didn't need to ask for anything and always had plenty of coffee and re-fills! Speaking of coffee, I ordered the house coffe and it was delicious! I dunno if it was the coffee or the creamer but it was smooth and a little bold (just how I like it). I ordered the chorizo & avocado omelette and was NOT disappointed. It had a lot of cheese, but other than that it was amazing. My lil bro ordered the pancakes and those were so so fluffy and wonderful! I would definitely go back!!!!
3	This place is definitely better than Dennys. But I really didn't see anything too special about it. Its obviously more expensive than dennys but the menu selection was much better. The dutch baby and the eggs Benedict were pretty good. The hash-browns were not that great.
5	Pretty solid breakfast joint if you're in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area. No way I could go to a pancake house and not order pancakes. I got the good ol' buttermilk pancakes, and they were exceptional. Light and fluffy, the syrup (which is their own brand) definitely hit the spot. They advertise that pancakes take up to 30 minutes to cook, but our order came out no more than 10 minutes after placing it. Decided to get a side of bacon and it was cooked perfect, crispy, very good. My wife ordered the Corned beef hash Eggs Benedict and it was spectacular. In fact, if I make it back to this place I'd order this with a side of pancakes. Hash was really, really good and the poached eggs were good perfectly. Their fresh squeezed orange juice is off the hook good, worth the extra money - the small is very small though so go big or don't go at all.Service was good enough. Drinks were refilled without asking, server was friendly but very busy (there was a 30 minute wait). Definitely worth a stop if you're in the area, looking forward to going back sometime in the future!
4	I came here with a friend for some brunch and had the wildberry pancakes. They were the best pancakes I've ever had. They were soo fluffy and each bite just melted in my mouth. The white cream was a little to sweet for me though, next time I would get it without. I wish there was fruit actually cooked into the cakes, that'd make it 5 stars. I'm eager to come back and try some of the other food on the menu.
4	This place serves a good breakfast for a reasonable price with decent service. I think the egg dishes and pancakes are better than most breakfast places though I should add that this is not the best place ever. It is in the neighborhood (by extended Scottsdale standards) so when we go out for a regular breakfast we try here first. It is very popular so you can't count on getting in easily. Sometimes you can't even get to the door. Still, a good choice for breakfast.
5	By far our favorite breakfast in the Valley. Of so many great places Butterfields has the best food, and best service. Every experience delivers the same consistent excellence!
5	Great place to stop in early morning on the way in to work. No wait every time I go! The protein pancakes are moist and fluffy... Never dry!The coffee is good (not great) but who can beat drinking as much coffee as you want for 2.29?!
5	I have ate here and ordered take out here multiple times. They are very consistent with fast service and amazing food. Hands down the best biscuits and gravy in town. Very good eggs, coffee, wraps, oatmeal, salad and sandwiches. There is really nothing that I have ordered that I have not been happy with. The service is amazing and very quick. I am glad I work right across the street, it's great for lunch and late breakfast!
5	Stopped in around 11am on a Sunday morning and encountered around 30 people standing outside waiting. Fearing the worst, I inquired about a table for 2. Ten minutes later we were seated. I ordered the huevos rancheros and they were nothing short of spectacular. My wife had an avocado omelet which she loved. For only $26 bucks, it was a steal. Will definitely return in our next visit to scottsdale.
5	I was visiting from Beverly Hills and stopped by here for breakfast. The food was super fresh and awesomely delicious. My coffee mug was constantly being refilled and dishes were quickly cleaned up.
5	I absolutely love Butterfields for breakfast! The servers are incredible. They are very busy but you never feel neglected. I love the grits especially, but there are so many fab choices all created to your exact specifications. A long wait but no one really seems to mind do they?
5	We eat here on a regular basis.  A couple of the servers know us now.  There is always a wait in the mornings, but we don't care.  The food is much better than Good Egg and iHop.  Servers are great at taking care of you.  The service is so fast.We always do breakfast.  1 thing that wasn't so good, was the oatmeal.  Was oatmeal paste.  You could tell it had been sitting too long and no one was adding water to it.  The other would be the cinnamon raisin bread.  They used to have the thick Texas style cinnamon raisin bread.  Not sure how much the cost difference is, but now it is just regular bread.  The thicker was so much better.Everything else I have tried has been very tasty.  I do not always have the same thing.  I like to try something different.Place is always clean.  Watch the bussers, they are great.  They clean the tables, as well as, under the table to get it ready for the next customer(s).  Are always on the floor taking away the dishes that customers are done with.  And they sometimes have to deliver food for the server. Everyone here works like a team.  Managers are not just sitting in the back somewhere.  They are on the floor helping to seat people, bring out food if needed, talking with customers.  We've even had the chef bring out food because the place was packed.I have, and would recommend this place to everyone.  This isn't a place that you over hype, it's a nice place to go for breakfast/lunch with good food and great service.  Smile and respect the server.  They are working hard and they appreciate someone who helps make their day when it is a crazy day.
5	I come here every Tuesday with my family and the food is always amazing. When my family visited from Italy my uncle wanted to come here every day. The french toast is amazing and the sausage links are my fave. love this place
4	This place is probably one of my FAVORITE places to get breakfast!My friend brought me here for the first time a few years ago and I loved it! Everything on the menu is amazing! The last time I went I got the Banana nut bread french toast. It was delicious. One of my other favorites is their corned beef hash. But my other recommendations? Everything! I've also tried their Pecan pancakes which are delicious. I really want to try their crepes and that fried egg bagel next time I'm in or even their lunch menu sounds really good. The only downer for me is that it's quite far for me, but well worth the drive! &  If you go on the weekends there's going to be a wait since it does get pretty busy. I might be writing another review for it once I try their lunch menu. =)
5	Went for Breakfast the first time today. Had to wait about 20 minutes to get seated but a reasonable wait for the amount of people they had waiting. Once seated our waitress greeted us promptly had coffee and water within a couple of minutes. They have a very wide selection to choose from and it all sounds great. Our meal took a little while to come out but it was worth the wait. Everything was delicious and if I'm back in Scottsdale I'm coming back.
5	Ate breakfast here twice while in town for a few days..... Yummy Dutch baby... substituted jalepenos for the spinach & Cajun chicken sausage for bacon on the Popeyes scrambler - YUM! The o.j. is squeezed right in from of you (my 10 yr old wants us to buy one now) & is great. The place is IMMACULATE, service & food super speedy, but the piece de la resistance, IMHO, are the grits. I am a true Southern girl, have lived in or visited all the Southern states.... & that includes tasting the food everywhere ;-). These are, hands down, some of the best grits on the face of the earth! I'd like to go visit Scottsdale again, just to go here!
4	Food was phenomenal! Mexicana omelet is a must if you like a little kick in your breakfast. Service was the only thing preventing this rating from 5 stars. Waitress was nice, but not top notch.
4	My wife and I could tell this place gets busy for breakfast because of the large waiting area inside the restaurant, so thank goodness we came for a really late brunch.  Breakfast is served tip 3pm.  I ordered the California Scramble with the hash browns and pancakes.  The whole meal was delicious!  The pancakes we're a little on the small side for a two stack though, but very yummy.  My wife ordered the Bacon and Mushroom skillet and that was very tasty as well.  She also had the hash browns and pancakes.  We had our 20 month old son eat our food which were both good sized portions for breakfast.  This place will be a definite breakfast return spot!
5	Outstanding place for breakfast. A wide range of options. We had the Popeye scrambler, the special stuffed French toast, and more tasty treats. The service was great. We will be back.
5	Great food! Very clean place. Fast and friendly service. However, there is a very long wait on the weekends. This place is very popular so it gets very busy. Either go very early (8am) or later in the day. They are open until 3pm. We waited for about 35 mins after arriving around 10:15 am but it was well worth the wait. I will definitely be going back. This is the best breakfast joint!
4	Enjoyed breakfast there this morning , we had pancakes which were fluffy and tastety. Omelettes were very tasty with green chilli. Bacon and eggs were cooked just right..we will be heading there once again tomorrow.
5	Was one of the breakfast joints I wanted to check out and see while I was in town for spring training. Was definitely a place to visit for good breakfast foods.  There was approximately a 15 minute wait which wasn't bad considering how many people were outside waiting to be seated.  I ended up ordering the California Scrambler which was really good but the pancakes are a must have!!!  My friend ended up ordering the buscuits and gravy which I wasn't a big fan of but while looking around to see what others got, everything looked amazing. Will definitely come back here.
4	One of my favorite breakfast spots! I love the variety of their menu. I usually stick with the eggs special so I can order both sweet and savory items. The Nutella crepes are yummy, but I didn't like the scrambler I ordered. Too much stuff all mixed together. I like that I was able to substitute whatever flavor of pancakes I wanted for no extra charge. Chocolate chips ftw! Service is always great and make sure you make reservations otherwise you'll be waiting for 40 minutes like we did one day.
5	I'm in love with this place. Hands down the best omelets I have found in Scottsdale! I live in Tucson but every time I come, this is a trip I have to make. Every time I come, there is a wait, but the wait was always shorter than the hostess said. The food also came out amazingly fast. The restaurant turned tables very quickly. Great for breakfast dates, family events, or just to eat by yourself!
1	Went to Butterfield's because the average good comments here, but it was a horrible experience.Waitress was friendly but forget the milk for our coffee. My hubby ordered the  Mexicana Omelet and I the wildberry bliss crepe. Both were NOT fresh made.     The omelet was dry and hard. The mascarpone inside the crepe was... horrible. Overall, both dishes were not warm enough.I do NOT recommend this place. In our eyes, only good for people who just want to eat... for eating.The upcoming days, we will return to Butters Pancake Cafe.
4	I LOVE this place. Everything is good here from the pancakes to the omelets to the hash. I think everyone realizes how good it is too because there is always a 45 minute wait to get in on the weekend...go early and expect to wait, but it is worth it!
5	Soooo delicious! I would definitely return for some more wildberry bliss crepe & Irish Benny goodness.
5	I just had breakfast here for the 1st time and it was amazing!  Funny thing is I went on a random weds late morning and there was a line out the door.  I ordered eggs and hash browns and felt like I was eating a home cooked breakfast!!  Definitely recommend this spot if you are in the hunt for a new breakfast joint!
4	french toast is to die for and the gravy is down right yummy the only reason im giving this place 4 and not 5 is because the service could be better but I understand its crowded
5	I've seen and pass this place a number of times and finally decided to give it a try. When we got there, a Saturday morning,  people waiting inside the restaurant and outside. We were told the wait would be 10-15 minutes.(Really?? Thought it would be longer.)  I believe it may have been 12 minutes.There is a lot of staff cleaning, clearing tables, serving and seating customers. Our server was polite and took our order right away.We started off with orange juice, freshly squeezed, no pulp or seeds but awfully fresh. Their coffee wasn't bad either.The staff kept coming around checking on us, more water? more coffee? How's the food? Anything we can get you? The server wasn't the only person making sure you had and enjoyable meal.It wasn't to long before they brought out our meals. Create your own Omelet: Mushroom, Jack Cheese and bacon. It was the best omelet that I could remember, light, fluffy and generous portions of bacon, mushrooms. The has browns were different, it wasn't shredded, but thinly sliced. My wife had the Swedish pancakes with Lingonberry sauce which is what they serve at Ikea, but this one was 100% better. My wife thoroughly enjoyed her pancakes and told me that this restaurant is a KEEPER.
5	Quick and friendly service. Veggie Hash is a great vegan meal if you hold the poached eggs. It would be perfect with fresh cracked pepper and pink himalayan salt. Still haven't tried the pancakes. I'm stuck on the hash!
5	This place is excellent! Probably in my top 3 favorite places to get breakfast in the valley. Weekends usually have a bit of a wait for a table, but once you order the food comes out within a couple of minutes! The berry bliss pancakes are a must try! So delicious, with cream drizzled on top and in between the pancakes! The California scrambler is also a GREAT dish if you are wanting an egg breakfast! Biscuits and gravy are very delicious, better than most places I've tried. Creamy sausage gravy with some thick and yummy biscuits!  Definitely must try this place! You won't be disappointed! Great service and amazing food!
4	This place is a rock solid place for breakfast. When you drive up you will, likely, see a ton of people waiting outside - don't let that deter you! They really do move people on and out fast! On a Saturday morning we only waited about 10-15 min. Food was really tasty, service was fast/friendly (especially considering how busy they were), tons of choices, and prices were reasonable. I tried the egg breakfast while my husband hand an omelette - we also got the Nutella banana Crepes to taste test. Everything we had was tasty - I even ate up my pancakes which I typically don't like! Saw lots of kids and families around - nice place for a family breakfast!
3	Great place for breakfast.  Standard breakfast dishes and big portions, what you read on the menu is what you get.  This place was quite packed.
5	Best breakfast I have ever had. Lines are long for a reason. Huge portions. Got to try it
2	We were here when they first opened up and decided to try it again to see if anything changed.  We were seated right away on hard chairs on a table for 4.  All the clutter in the middle with all the condiments is very disgusting and should be re-worked.  We put everything to the corner to get it out of our way.  Someone came right over to take our drink order and then they brought out the wrong tea, we ordered green tea, they brought us earl grey.  We ordered hot water with lemon and they forgot the lemon, we ordered Orange Juice and they forgot to bring it until we asked them more than 4x...Finally after the drink orders were straighten out and they brought us the correct stuff, our orders came out.  Avoid the hash browns, they have no flavor what so ever and the only thing in their HB are potatoes no salt or pepper, we sent them back and they bought out a very tiny bowl of fruit for us which had less than 10 small pieces of fruit.  Not real sure why they put powdered sugar on the pancakes, but they do and we did not know this so had to send our pancakes back, powdered sugar on cakes does not taste good, it is not a dessert but a breakfast item.The gluten-free pancakes were dry, sweet and hard to eat without lots of fluid.  The make your own egg omelet with baby spinach an cheese was ok - light and airy.  Not real sure what all the fuss is about, but we were not impressed, the food is not a wow factor - everything is just either okay or not okay...nothing will wow your taste buds and there are other places in town which do this.  I wish someone someplace would make a great tasting gluten free pancake which is not dry.  We probably will not be back, not a favorite place of ours, we have had too many problems with their food or lack of good tasting food.
4	I have nothing bad to say about this place! Their dutch pancakes... Its a baked pancake that should have its own honorary holiday. Their grits are incredibly creamy and addictive. The Cajun chicken sausage is well seasoned and cooked just right. Their pancakes are fluffy yet filling. Whoever makes the eggs, bravo! Over easy eggs are perfect. The scrambles and omelettes aren't over cooked. There is always a perfect filling to egg ration, you are able to enjoy every ingredient. The staff is always so kind and the waitresses I have had so far are both complete gems. Everyone I have shared this restaurant with have become fans. I haven't had a bad meal or experience here. I honestly don't think I ever will...
4	This place is AMAZING.  I really, truly love their pancakes...they are little, golden and crispy.  The selections on the menu can be a bit overwhelming... I really like their lox and bagel combo (with a side of pancakes of course!).  The coffee is served with real cream and the service is always excellent.  The wait can be a bit much..a kin to say the DMV...so we try and get there either really early or really late...
4	Great breakfast place. Service was great and quick. Food was really good. Had the strawberries and cream waffle. Wife had the Mexican breakfast burrito. Great experience. Affordable as well.
5	Yum! Went there for breakfast on Mother's Day. The food was great, my son got the Oreo s' mores pancakes and said they were amazing. I got an egg dish and subbed my plain pancakes with the Wildberry  pancakes...also amazing! Having recently moved from Chicago I was looking for a breakfast place that even came close to my favorite, Wildberry's Cafe in Schaumburg, and this one takes the cake. They have alot of the same menu items and same taste. If you haven't been I recommend you check it out.
5	Best place in town!   My elderly grandparents were stuck in a situation there this afternoon, and I called and spoke with Courtney.  Courtney went above and beyond, and helped my grandparents who were quite frazzled.  I speak for myself, as well as my family, when we say that we are very grateful for your kindness!This has always been my family's go to spot, and will especially continue to be so after today!Thanks Butterfields, and thank you Courtney!  Oh man, now Im really craving some Berry Bliss pancakes..... Mmmmmm!!!
5	Great service and great food make this a win/win.  First time trying this place and very happy and will be back for sure. We are breakfast people and this hit the spot.  Come try it yourself to see!!!
4	Great coffee, omelette and fresh orange juice. The only negative are the oversized sausages, too thick.
5	Great breakfast place, everything is made from scratch, slow cooked grits, orange juice squeezed to order, quality ingredients. Got the nova smoked salmon and cream cheese scramble with grits and wheat pancakes. Delicious! This may be my new favorite breakfast place in the valley.
5	This is my go to place about twice a week.I cannot get out of there without having the Swedish Cakes. The crispy little edge is so yummy. Add some maple syrup. Absolutely awesome. The spinach and gruyere crepes are also one of my favorites but I like to add some chicken to it to give it a little more substance. So good. Expect a wait on the weekends. Goes pretty quick. I love this place!
5	The food is really good and the service is great. It's nice to find a place with an awesome breakfast. The pancakes are fluffy and tasty. The corned beef hash is freshly made and tastes awesome. The only thing I would add is flavored liquid non-dairy creamer for the coffee. Get there early (before 8:30am) because it does get busy (because it is very good), otherwise you'll have to wait.
5	This place is amazing for breakfast. I was visiting on business and decided to try it before leaving Scottsdale. Had the Mexican omelet which was delish but way too big for one. If I lived here I would come every week!
5	Will may be the best server I've ever had in any restaurant, ever!!!  Always smiling and happy. He made a great meal into a wonderful experience. Thanks, Will!
4	Great place to eat.  First time for the fam.  Was a bit of a wait but once seated food was fast & delicious!!!   We enjoyed watching the fresh oj making machine :)
4	I'm feeling a little slimmer just because Butterfield's is not close to home!After multiple visits we've voted these hash browns the best in town. They're crispy, flavorful and have just the right amount of toothiness.  The extensive menu entices me to go back for more but the interior is a little too much gigantic-diner feeling to make it a destination or event.
4	Came here twice and both times we were seated quickly and the food arrive within 5 mins of ordering. The fresh squeezed oj was good the first time but the second time it tasted a little weird but I'll blame it on bad batch of oranges other than that the food was delicious
5	I think it's the best breakfast in town. Everything is always good, generous portions, but the best thing is their substitution policy. Go ahead, substitute. Nice when a place wants to make the customer happy.
5	Possibly the BEST breakfast I have EVER had. Simple ham skillet w/ side of buttermilk pancakes. ( HMOP Skillet on their menu) Potatoes crispy, Eggs amazingly fluffy and the pancakes were almost better without syrup.....I might have written one other review on here but I felt compelled to (give 5 stars and )write one for this place.
5	This place has great breakfast . My kids went crazy. My son ordered the Oreo s'mores pancakes. He was literally shoveling them in his mouth and had his plate clean in a matter of minutes.   Needless to say this is a for sure place we will come back to
3	Visiting Scottsdale and found this place on Yelp. Our 16 yr old son was excited about s'mores pancakes!  He did not LOVE the pancakes. We also orders the veggie omelette and the HMOP. My veggie omelette was bland and the hash browns were crusty and not greasy, a plus, but not very flavorful. HMOP was just okay.  We also ordered the side of pancakes. Wild berry bliss has a layer of cream in between and was overkill, too sweet. The banana pancakes with cream were covered on tons of cream too. No need for syrup really. I won't put Butterfield's on return visit list.  Probably a bit overrated. They kill you on extras.  Egg whites/beaters. OJ was $5.28. Server Janell was very nice.
5	Good golly this place is delicious.Yup, it's so good it made me say 'good golly.'  :-)I think this rivals "Orange Table" as my favorite brunch spot in Scottsdale.The wild berry pancakes are outrageously good.As is the orange juice.As are the scrambles.YUM.  I want to go back right now.Plus, service was very good.  Our waitress was friendly and quick.The only thing I think could be improved is to add a system to "call ahead" to put your name on the wait list.  When you're hungry, it's frustrating to drive here and then wait 30 minutes like we did.Honestly though, it's worth the wait.
4	Went here on a Sunday morning around 11:30...the place was very crowded and loud. I really wanted to order the German pancake...but the 30 minute wait was a little too much!! Other than that the service was quick and courteous. I ordered the Berry Crepes which were very good. Fresh berries and mascarpone filling. On the sweet side but very good. My mom had the Ruben sandwich. It was also good. Probably not the best in the valley...I would stick to breakfast. The pancakes and French toast I saw coming out of the kitchen looked great!
5	This place is amazing and lives up to the hype. Wildberry in Chicago was phenomenal and this place held up it's end.
5	Heaven is a place on earth only when cinnamon roll pan cakes are involved. Butterfields newest addition to its menu was my first taste of this restaurant and I was not disappointed. This place has a wonderful selection of both egg and flower dishes. Furthermore they have a great crepe selection which I will be trying next time. The pancakes were phenomenal. Great texture, taste, and presentation. Highly recommend this as a must stop for brunch.
4	Everything went pretty well here this morning. We beat the rush of people who were waiting outside just after 9:30am and were seated quickly in a mostly full restaurant midweek. My vegetarian skillet dish was nicely put together with good hash browns under a nice fluffy two egg scramble. This was only $8.99 and was served with a choice of two pancakes or toast. The famous pancakes were good, but not fluffy, if you like them that way. Good, solid meal and you can't go wrong with most things you order or the very friendly service.
5	I recently move to PHX and love breakfast. Unfortunately almost every breakfast restaurant has been a big disappointment so far. I have been to Butterfields 3 times and ordered something different each time. Excellent food, service with a great atmosphere too.  I wanted to try the apple pancake on the 2nd visit, but I did not have the time (30 mins) to wait. On my 3rd visit, I called them and asked if I could order it for 7:30 AM and I would be there at 7:15 or 7:20. They said no problem and made it clear they wanted me to be a happy customer, I was impressed. This baked huge pancake has enough calories for 2 days, but it was excellent ....... two tables next to me had never seen it before. One table said they were going to "share" one on their next visit based on just the great smell.
5	We've eaten here numerous times and have always enjoyed it.  Their food is fresh and several steps above IHOP.  Their fresh OJ is like drinking liquid fresh oranges . . . oh that's right!  That's what it is!It's pricier than most pancake houses but I think it's worth it.  It's nicely decorated with lots of light wood and well laid out.  The service is always pretty punctual and attentive.If you go on a weekend, expect a long wait . . . up to an hour or more.  We try to go on a weekday and we are usually seated almost immediately.  The reason for the long wait is obvious once you've eaten there.  Their breakfast offerings are not your typical ones although they do have all your standard favorites.I've sampled quite of few of their breakfast dishes.  Eggs Benedict is a personal favorite and theirs is very good.  I also like their buckwheat pancakes.  My wife prefers their crepes.They are conveniently located in mid town Scottsdale just east of Scottsdale Blvd. on Shea Blvd.Hands down our family's favorite place to have breakfast when we are visiting Scottsdale.
5	Found this outstanding restaurant on Yelp!  Great breakfast,  great service,  and atmosphere!  I tried the Banana Cream Cakes and fresh squeezed OJ.  The Cakes have graham crackers and caramel drizzled on them and the OJ was superlative. I will certainly be a repeat customer.  You will not be disappointed if you go!
5	Stopped in around 11am on a Sunday morning and encountered around 30 people standing outside waiting. Fearing the worst, I inquired about a table for 2. Ten minutes later we were seated. I ordered the huevos rancheros and they were nothing short of spectacular. My wife had an avocado omelet which she loved. For only $26 bucks, it was a steal. Will definitely return in our next visit to scottsdale.
5	Delicious! Your waistline will not thank you for coming here, but every other part of you will be ecstatic about the glorious, fattening fair. Pancakes are fluffy, the hash browns crispy, the sausages delicious, etc. I vote you go full force and get the Wildberry Bliss pancakes or French Toast, either stuffed with blueberries, layered with mascarpone cream (I would eat this on cardboard) and berry glaze with a side of berries. Go early on the weekends as it can be a wait.
5	Still awesome, try the smoothies too!  The gluten free pancakes are awesome, you can ask for fruit and whipped cream on top too so you don't feel like you have to "settle" when you are a celiac!  Try the skillets, the chorizo skillet is fantastic, and so are their made to order omelets, that come with a side of pancakes!
4	I'm only giving it a 4 because I will absolutely need to go back 10 more times to try everything else on the menu before I can give it 100 % !!! (And the fact that we don't have one here where we live :-(This place was a wonderful find !!Originally, on Saturday morning we drove over to Butterfields... saw the long wait ( 10:30 am ) and decided we wanted to get on the road too our destination more than we wanted to try this place out ... So, we headed up north & stopped @ OVER EASY off Bell st.That was our mistake !! ... We wont be making again ... I posted my review already for there !!So, really wanting to try this place I convinced my husband to stay in town for breakfast instead of leaving at the crack of dawn ... since it was a holiday weekend and traffic can be a nightmare ... SOOOOOOOOOOO happy we did !!! :-)Breakfast is one of my favorite meals ... and I'm looking for fresh , delicious , quality ingredients ... whatever I decide to have ... and Butterfield's did not disappoint !!!My husband got the Whole Hog Scrambler ... WOW !! The mushrooms ... onions ...bacon .... fresh eggs !!! Everything was just so fresh and delicious !!!And of course me with my sweet tooth ... had to get the berry pancakes with mascarpone ....... I'm still dreaming about them !!!! :-)Loved the fresh squeezed OJ .. and they had to go cups for taking our coffee to go for the long drive home !!! The waitress over charged us for the berry cakes on the bill , as she originally put in berry CREPES .. which are about 75 cents more... but I didn't even ask for her to correct it when we paid because the food was definitely worth the extra change !!! WE will definitely return when we are in town !!! THANKS BUTTERFIELD'S FOR A GREAT BREAKFAST !!!
5	Not going to lie about it. I definitely did not look my best going in that morning, neither did my three other breakfast companions. We were in the need of something other than liquid sustenance and after questioning Siri about the nearest pancake or waffle joint, we found ourselves holding a buzzer outside, shielding the sun from our eyes.There was a line of early birds (also snowbirds) before us, but we waited no more than 10 minutes for a table.Food filled up our entire table and it was all fantastic. Namesake pancakes, a breakfast burrito, mexicana omelette, cajun chicken sausage, eggs, bacon, fresh squeezed orange juice and the best hash browns ever. They're not the shredded kind of hash brown or the home fries type. My best guess is parboiled, sliced and then placed on the flat top to get nice and crisp. They're the best hash browns around by far! I'm not normally a pancake person but I definitely was into those pancakes. This place definitely provided the sustenance we were looking for. Enough that we went out and did it all over again.
5	Best breakfast in town. I especially love the grits! Everything else is great also! Friendly staff as always, at least for me. When I write a review, it usually has to be beyond my expectation or is really bad. And in this case I love this place.
5	Wow! The food was great and so was the service!   We arrived Saturday morning at 8:30, and it was predictably crowded, yet we were in and out so quickly. The server was friendly and helpful. My wife ordered French toast. It was tender, fluffy, and light.I got salmon scrambled eggs. They were delicious. Perfectly balanced flavors. The bacon was smokey and good. Hard to beat,  infact.
4	BRAVO Butterfield's!  I am definitely a breakfast person and this HIT THE SPOT!  Great Coffee and FRESH Squeezed OJ to Start your morning..... I had the FLUFFIEST and TASTIEST OMLETE MADE! Mexicana Omelete - Chorizo sausage, avocado, onion & your choice of cheese (I chose Jack). Smothered in their new mexico green chile sauce.   Worth a TRIP!  FRESH! FRESH! FRESH!
5	Had to go here instead of JP pancake for Mother's Day   Worth the wait always good service and food is fresh. I will be back...
5	Honestly, Butterfields (and Butters, for that matter) is the definitive breakfast restaurant. The food is top notch and consistent, as is the service. They strive to have your food to you within seven minutes of you sitting down, and I've seldom seen them miss that window even at peak hours. Pricing is more than reasonable. You're looking at a dollar or two more than a place like iHop or Dennys, and the food and service are in completely different league.Both Butterfields and Butters have arguably achieved the status of being a tourist destination. They're one of the places that absolutely everybody has heard of, and people visiting Scottsdale almost always make it point to visit. While I won't claim to speak to the full merits of everything that goes into making an operation of this class, I will make one statement. The owners Chris, Teddy and George all understand a concept that is lost on many. When you run an establishment of this caliber you're no longer merely in the restaurant business, you're in the hospitality business. Pay attention to any truly great business, they all share one core quality - they all make it a point to make you feel as if you have just found a second home. As a customer, I have felt as if I was special since the day I walked in. The trick, of course, is that they are able to create that effect for every customer that walks in the door. Judging by how packed this place always is, it's safe to say that the full extent of the experience Butterfields creates is not lost on many.
4	The California scramble was amazing. The 2 times I have been there my servers were really friendly and efficient. Great place for a family breakfast. The only problem is because it is so good it's really hard to get in on Sunday morning .
4	On taste alone this place gets 4 stars!!! I didn't eat in. I ordered for takeout.  I had the Banana Cream Pancakes and I was very satisfied even after the travel time. I warmed them for an additional 15 seconds once I got home just to add a little warmth to them. I'm not a huge pancake person but I love banana cream pie and banana pudding. These pancakes taste just like my childhood favorites. Syrup wasn't even needed. I ate half without and half with just because.  I plan on going back this weekend with my kids and experience something different with them.  If in house is different I'll be surprised but you'll hear about it.
5	Amazing! Delicious! Came to have breakfast for the hubby's birthday celebration. The service was great! Servers always very attentive. By far one of the greatest places I have ever been to for breakfast. Definitely beats IHOP. Even though it was pretty full we did not have to wait long for our food! Definitely wonderful!
3	Food is delicious as always, but I don't know how anyone can say the place is fast and efficient.  Any weekend any time the wait to get a table is very long.  We waited an hour today, after being told "35-45 minutes, probably less", with 2 hungry kids, watching, literally, everyone in the waiting area taken ahead of us, as well as several smaller parties that came in way after us taken ahead of us.  Here's a hint:  you can push 2 tables together.  There's a lot of great places to eat breakfast in town, an hour wait simply isn't worth it for a basic breakfast, albeit a very good one.  Only coming back on week days from now on.
5	Finally, I was able to stop by Butterfields for the first time.  (The line is usually pretty long on the weekend.). Thank God for Columbus Day and a day off from work .   The wild berry pancakes are so freaking awesome, makes you want to slap your mama!   Better yet, I wanted to go into  the kitchen and slap the cook for making such a delicious masterpiece.   Lastly, The grits I ordered tasted superb with perfect consistency.   I could have drank a 16 ounce glass of that alone.
5	So...I went back for breakfast with my kids and I was pleased once again. This time I had the Strawberry Cheesecake filled French Toast.  The flavor was on point!! My son loved his Mickey Mouse pancakes topped with strawberries and blueberries. And my daughter was pleasantly surprised her Cinnamon Roll Cakes taste just like cinnamon rolls. Being the teenager she is she didn't believe they were going to be as great as they were. Now my wife is mad she wasn't in town to experience this place with is. First thing on the to-do list is breakfast at Butterfield's! She can't wait to have a Crepe and I'm anxious for a waffle! Service was great also.
3	Not bad. Not great. Just A-OK!Stopped in for breakfast one day while we were in the area. Restaurant is currently being remodeled so the decor was nice in some parts and not so nice in other parts. No biggie. There's lots of seating so the wait isn't too bad, even when you see a crowd standing inside by the hostess stand and outside on the benches.Staff are all nice and friendly. Service is quick, which is a plus. There's a relatively large selection of hot tea so if you're a tea drinker like me, it's nice. Menu is pretty large but we opted for safer entrees.I had the veggie omelet with no cheese. It was pretty simple in flavor but light and fluffy. Grits are very rich, very heavy, and very good, but if you're watching your calories, I would skip it as they're probably made with heavy cream. Pancakes are a little dry but nice. Husband had the two egg special (scrambled) with bacon. Bacon was pretty crispy, and the hash browns were crispy and kind of scalloped style - plain flavor, but good. I would opt for the hash browns in the future.I like the the table has a bunch of condiments for all your needs - Tabasco sauce, maple syrup, ketchup, and everything in between. Prices are reasonable for what you get. If I'm in the area again during breakfast time, I'll probably make another stop in.
5	Fantastic breakfast! Came on a Sunday morning when they were busy, but it is definitely worth the wait.
5	All I have to say is WOW!!!! Our server was Sydney. She was super attentive, told us about the new menu items, an made some great recommendations! It was so nice to have a server who actually cared about her guests experience! We ordered the cinnamon roll pancakes, and theminced ham an egg. Every thing was delicious!!! Me and my girlfriend are definetly making this out new breakfast spot!!!!
5	What a breakfast!! Chorizo and eggs with side of pancakes instead of toast; corned beef hash skillet with sourdough bread. The portions are slightly large which questions your ability to clean your plate. Great value for the price and everything taste so good. The servers are all attentive and knowledgeable.The restaurant is going through a make-over in their decor and so far it looks awesome. Do you think that would hamper their service and food quality? NO!  Now that's how to run a successful business.
4	Food is very good for breakfast but have no wifi. It's as if they want to turn tables as fast as possible. Need Wifi!!!!
5	I love this place for breakfast. The baked potato omelette is amazing and their fresh squeezed orange juice is the perfect way to wake up. I'm gluten free and I tried their pancakes the last time I went and I was pleasantly surprised by how delicious they were! Butterfields is great.
4	Food was excellent, you have to try the pancakes!! You can get them on the side in place of toast, so that is pretty awesome. Their coffee is probably the best I have ever had at a restaurant, so you should try that as well. The food came out super quick which is always a plus. I would highly recommend checking this place out. The only reason I am not giving them 5 stars is because the hostesses were NOT friendly at all. But, it was early Saturday morning so I guess who could blame them? Anyway overall it is a great breakfast place to hit up if you're in the area.
5	This is the sister restaurant to Butters and every bit as good. The problem is that it's so good, the wait is usually a minimum of thirty minutes so don't be in a rush. This is a no fluff straight forward breakfast, but they do it right. I love the eggs Benedict and just a straight up eggs, bacon and potato combo. Fresh OJ is a must. They are best known for pancakes and waffles but I don't like sweets, so I can't comment. My kids love them though.
5	Amazing atmosphere,  waffles painted on the ceilings!  Always busy but worth the wait! The pancakes melt in your mouth and the crepes are delicious and coming from a french chef that a huge compliment!
5	THIS PLACE IS SERIOUS!!! My third time back in a month. This time I took a friend of mine and we have now made a pact to go once a month. The food is so good that I have to try something new every time I go.  This time I had the Bacon Belgium Waffle. If you love bacon you'll love this one. It's filled with bacon and comes with a bacon on top. My friend had the Banana Nut Bread French Toast. We were both shocked that it was actually banana nut bread!! And some very good banana nut bread prior to it being dipped and thrown on a cook top. Now...my friend and I like to eat and wanted to try more than one item so we shared 2 eggs over medium with Canadian bacon and English muffin. Plain dish but still delish. I also heard the cheese grits were in point so I had a side of those. If you like your grits with lots of cheesy and not lumpy then you must try them here. I must say I've never had grits so cheesy, thick and creamy. As always my son had his Mickey Mouse pancakes. This time with chocolate chips and whipped cream and a side of bacon.
4	It's been a year or so since I've been to Butterfield's. Hard to explain, but it's never been a true favorite of mine. Always seemed noisy. Service seemed average. Perhaps it's just that I remember the Coco's that occupied the building prior to them. Not a favorite of mine either. Whatever the case, my expectations on this day weren't particularly high.I'm pleased to say that we had a great time at Butterfield's. We were seated more quickly than promised, despite being a party of six on a Sunday morning. Coffee was served promptly and refills were offered frequently. We decide to order four adult entrees and just share with the two little ones in our party. No problem. Two extra plates were delivered to our table in advance of our meals without us having to ask. We also all opted to have specialty pancakes with our omelets/eggs/bacon. Just a 99 cent add on. We had bananas, berries and pecans aplenty. They were a delight to share. The only mild disappointment in any our meals were the breakfast potatoes; crisp and well cooked, but bland.Sure, Butterfield's is still a bit noisy, but the variety of pancakes is great fun and the egg dishes are solid. Also feels a lot less crowded than its Scottsdale sister Butters.I definitely won't wait another year before I return again.
5	This is, hands down, my favorite breakfast place in metropolitan Phoenix! The service is always great and the food is just amazing. I made my boyfriend take me here today for my birthday and he was very skeptical. He ordered the New Mexico skillet and just about cried it was so good (he really likes food). We live about half an hour away and he agreed that we could come back every week. :) I always get the two egg breakfast and it never disappoints. Eggs like a cloud, life changing hash browns, and the best pancakes in town. Ask to be in Willy's section, he's awesome.
4	We drove by this place a million times and assumed it was a pancake place.  Bo were we surprised.  This may be our new and latest favorite breakfast place in Scottsdale.  I had the Mexican omelet with chorizo.   Great breakfast and great service!
5	While vacationing in Scottsdale, AZ had the pleasure of dining at the Butterfield Restaurant. Service was superb.  Very delightful staff.  Food was exquisite for a breakfast restaurant. I had a hash browns skillet with spicy sausage and the most fluffy pancakes ever. My wife had a three eggs omelet. Very good breakfast. Next time in Scottdale, AZ this is a must stop.
2	Wow. Now I remember why I never cared much for Butterfield's. We had a good experience about a month ago, motivating us to return. Today, our experience could best be described as stressful.We checked in early on a Sunday, largely beating the rush. As a party of six, however, we still had a 25 minute wait. Not bad. A half hour came and went, so we checked to see how much longer it would be. They indicated we had already been seated. Quite a surprise to us as you can imagine. We were promised we would be next. Another 25 minutes came and went. Another large party was seated. Then, finally, us. Without apology. Service was adequate. The specialty pancakes were fine, but two omelets we ordered were quite disappointing. A simple genuine apology for the seating screw up would have gone a long way. Or at least then serve us something exceptional.  Treating customers so poorly, whether a result of complacency or arrogance, is how seemingly invincible restaurants like Butterfield's find a path to failure.
3	Nice place, good food.
5	Best breakfast place in the Phoenix metro area, IMHO. There was a small line at 9 a.m, but if your entire party arrives at once, you'll be seated sooner vs later. It was only a 5-10 min wait this morning. The menu says it take ~30 min for the pancakes, but it's quicker than that. I had the protein pancakes, which were hearty and delicious. But you must get the spinach and gruyere crepes! No exception.  Those are so good, you'll dream about them until the next time you can get them again. For a place with high turn out, it's very clean.
5	Wish we'd experienced this place sooner. Great atmosphere with an open dining plan. Had the veggie skillet with a shared banana French Toast. Excellent food; fresh, nothing overcooked or drowning in cheese or oil. Excellent portion sizes, wonderful, complementary sides, great emphasis on balanced ingredients.
5	This place is GREAT!  Love their Berry Bliss Pancakes!  Love their egg dishes!  We go to this location every time visit the Scottsdale Mayo Clinic on Shea!  Yeay!
4	I've never been a breakfast person....if there's one meal that I habitually skip, it's brekkie. Mainly because I either: A. wake up just in time to get my ass out of bed, shower, get dressed and make it to work on timeB. If it's a weekend, I've slept in past breakfast.or C. If it's a weekend, I'm in a hurry and don't have time to wait to be seated.All of these notwithstanding, Butterfield's is one of the those places that has forced me to SERIOUSLY reconsider my attitude towards breakfast.Here's why:Their sausage links are SO damn good. Being the creature of habit that I am, I got my usual breakfast consisted of sausage, poached eggs (poached egg haters, HUSH!) hash browns and white toast.Back to the the sausage: HUGE and bursting with flavor: not too spicy, certainly not bland. The Hashbrowns were delicious: freshly cut and cooked in butter, not rancid lard. Eggs poached perfectly. To top it off, FRESH SQUEEZED ORANGE JUICE and delicious coffee. The place looks like it was an old CoCo's that was brightened up a bit. You'll still feel like you're in a coffee shop so expect a cheerful but not fancy atmosphere. Trust me, once you've taken a few bites, you won't give two shits about the atmosphere.Seriously one of the best breakfasts I've had and it's right here in my backyard.  If you want a good brekkie in The Valley, check these guys out...you'll be glad you did!
4	I am kind of obsessed with Butterfields' Gluten Free Pancakes! They are seriously to die for, and you can't tell they're gluten free! I have been back many times just for a stack of pancakes, and I even get them to-go sometimes ;)Their "skillets" are also super delicious- hashbrowns topped with your favorite things, like cheese, veggies, and chorizo, plus 2 eggs cooked your way. Yum!
