4	I totally disagree with the first reviewer. We have been to Dr. Senter and Central Mesa Veterinary Hospital several times with our two dogs and found them to be pleasant, friendly, and helpful people who cared about our animals. Even with basic vaccinations, they called the next day to see how they did and were so understanding when I wanted to take a "least invasive" approach to my dog's care, giving me options for him, making me feel that she valued my input and opinion.  I fully recommend them!
5	So thankful for Dr. Senter and her staff! My pug receives excellent care and they don't "make up" problems to solve for your pet unlike many vets in the Valley. We had a terrible experience with Paws Veterinary before this and I was very skeptical about finding a vet we could trust. Dr. Senter and staff were a pleasant surprise. I recommend this vet to anyone in the East Valley!
5	Our 8 mo old German Shepherd puppy had started limping from his front leg, we took him to our regular Vet and unfortunately they were not very helpful in what was wrong just said we needed to see a specialist! Someone referred us to Dr Senter for a 2nd opinion and I could not of asked for a better Dr!! She was amazing! So kind and gentle and so incredibly informative! She took the time to show us exactly what was wrong, and explain it in detail! She referred us to a trusted Specialist  where we had the surgery done. She didnt charge us and prescribed us medicine for him which was not previously given. Our big guy is doing much better now and I'm so thankful Dr Senter helped us understand!! I wish her practice was closer to us but she was worth the drive!!!
5	I went to this vet after reading all of the other positive reviews.  I have been to other places in the valley and have not had the best experiences.  I brought my cat in and usually he scratches everybody at the office (I know... bad kitty!).  The staff and doctor took extra care to make sure that he was comfortable and he had no problems at all.  I had taken him into another vet in CA for the same issue (abscess) and they charged me three times as much to do the same work.  Overall very satisfied and would definitely go back again.
5	I am so happy with my new vet! We had to bring our 3 year old cat in about 3 weeks ago because she started peeing outside the litter box.  I have done a lot of research online and I know that inappropriate urination is very hard to treat, especially if it has a behavioral cause.  Dr. Senter spent a long time discussing our cat's symptoms, possible causes, and interviewing us to find out what the home environment is like.  She gave us some very practical advice and was flexible and worked with us when certain suggestions seemed unrealistic for our household.   She has called us several times to follow up and see how our treatment plan is working. We used to take our cats to a vet who was very obviously a "dog person" and I appreciate being able to talk to a vet who has cats of her own.  Dr. Senter and her staff are all so friendly and seem to really care about our cat (and our sofa that was turning into another litter box).
5	Dr. Senter was the only vet that would see me for a same-day, Saturday appointment when I had an emergency with one of my kittens.  Dr. Senter is amazing.  She is extremely knowledgable, caring, and makes an effort to be very involved with her patients and their owners.  I pretty much have a zoo living at my house, so we see her quite a bit-- & every time, she is just an absolute pleasure to work with.  Also, she is the first vet that I am come across that is extremely affordable.  She does not nickel and dime her patients whatsoever.  I am so happy I found her coincidentally.  I HIGHLY recommend her!
5	We started coming to Central Mesa Vet about 6 months ago.  Unfortunately they didn't know our pets long before both of them started having issues that caused us to visit quite often. Our bullmastiff was very protective of us but the Dr was very understanding when he would growl and snap, I've noticed that not a lot of vets understand when a dog is simply acting like a dog.  This was huge for us, it really cemented that this vet was the perfect fit for our family.  When we found out our bullmastiff had bone cancer they were really helpful and super caring.  We had to put him down in their office in March and they really helped us through it.  We still have a healthy bulldog and now a new french mastiff and I wouldn't take them anywhere else.
5	I agree with all of the other five star reviews.  We have 3 dogs and 3 cats.  We moved recently from California.   We are very particular that we get the best care for our pets.  Dr senter and her staff are  fantastic.  They spend time answering all questions and seeing that the best care is given to your pet.   Our German shepherd rescue is terrified of vets  and acts out.  I was concerned that they wouldn't be able to handle her.  Not only did they treat her but were very kind to her and us.   I am so grateful to find dr senter.  The fees are VERY reasonable.   I highly recommend dr senter and her staff !!!!!
5	Simply amazing. They handle Max my Akita well and keep him calm during any procedure. At other vets, Max has to wear a muzzle. At Central Mesa Vet, Max let's them open his mouth and check teeth.
5	Amazing experience!. If the staff here had this much compassion over my guinea pig I know exactly who to take my dogs to when they need a Vet!. Dawn and her assistants made me feel at ease when making tough decisions regarding our pet.  They talked with me through all my options and sometimes, as pet owners, we need to do what is best for the animal and your family.  The staff here respected the choices we made and were extremely helpful helping me sort through my feelings, while they gave me time and presented all my options to me to help make that decision.
5	We are traveling through  Mesa in our RV and our furry baby is having problems urinating slight blood and throwing up bile.  We checked Yelp, saw the 5 star reviews on Central Mesa Vet.  The reviews were spot on.  Dr. Senter and her staff are wonderful, caring and thorough.  She was able to diagnose crystals in our babys urinary tract, gave us suggestions on how to prevent them in the future and meds to make them go away more.  5 Stars from us as well.  What a find!
5	Dr. Senter and her staff are all fantastic!  They were all very warm and caring toward me and my dog.  Lulu "our yorkie" was extremely comfortable with the Doc and staff....not her norm:)  We have found our Vet!  It was a great experience.
