5	This store is located inside the Fremont casino, which is located on the Fremont Street Experience. I purchased a Living Social deal for this place, and was pleased when I found out that they are open late (I think until 11pm or 12 midnight). There was a young woman and man working in the store, and they were the biggest sweethearts, and helped us pick out what we would like. The chocolate covered frozen banana coated in nuts, was soooo good! The banana was big, fresh, sweet, and they let us pick between walnuts, macadamia nuts, peanuts and almonds to cover the chocolate. The chocolate covered strawberries were better than the ones I had from Sherri's Berries, totally delicious, we only got a few because they were nearly sold out, and I can see why! I liked the milk chocolate covered ones better than the white chocolate ones, but that is just my preference. The chocolate covered Rice Crispy Treat was yummy too, and the fudge was oh so fresh and good. The young man behind the counter was so proud when we tasted the fudge, and commented on how good it was. He was so proud to inform us that he made it, it was so cute. We still haven't tried our chocolate covered Oreo's (available in mint, white chocolate, dark and milk chocolate), but if they are as good as the rest of the treats we bought, we will be very pleased.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 64/100When my parents and I were cruising along Fremont about a couple of weeks ago, I was bent on trying out the talked-about deep fried twinkies/oreos at the Mermaid's Casino and Hotel. However, being a sucker for cute stores and chocolate, I wound up getting a sugar free milk chocolate truffle instead. It tasted just the way I would've wanted it to - smooth, velvety with a hint of sweetness. Prices are reasonable and staff is super nice. They even joked around with me for a bit. Not sure if I'm coming back anytime soon but one more thing I found so unforgettable about this place was the huge teddy bear sitting right beside the cashier area. Felt like home.
4	The employees were super helpful and friendly at this location inside the Fremont Hotel on Fremont Street. We purchased 3 caramel apples and received the fourth for free! The employee that helped us offered to slice our apple for us so we could snack on it while we walked around Fremont.
5	Found this place while on vacation in San Francisco.  By accident I recently found that there is a RMCF here in Vegas (located in the Fremont Hotel/Casino).  How lucky are we!?!?So here is my utmost respect to the Caramel Apple.  How many people skip the caramel apples just for the fact that they are "awkward" to eat and they might break their teeth trying?  Total misconception and you're so missing out.  It took me all these years to figure it out!  Dang!  You do have options to either devour your apples by slobbery bites into the whole apple holding it by the stick-hoping it doesn't fly OR (ssshhh here's the secret) you can have them slice the apples right there for you!!!!  I know!  Crazy right???  This way you have bite size pieces to savor for yourself OR you can share with someone special OR you can even save some for later!  The possibilities are endless!The Apple Pie Caramel Apple is simply the most fantastic thing I have ever had.  I told my BF that I expect one of these for my birthday, Valentines Day AND Christmas - AND any other special occasion that needs a little "love you".  I could literally eat one a day.....just like they say....an apple a day.... LOL  However spending $6.95 everyday is just not realistic.  HOWEVER if you buy three you get one FREE!  Best Deal Ever!  Yes the apples are pricey.  I think that the fancier they are the more expensive they get.  They can range anywhere from $5-$10 each. The standard caramel apple is $4.95.  They have them covered with candy, nuts, chocolate, toffee, etc....the list goes on and on.  Its just ridiculous.On a "side note" (and some would beg to differ) they also have all types of chocolates, truffles,  chocolate covered bananas and strawberries just to name a few.They are opened till 2am on the weekends which made it convenient to stop for a couple before heading home.I never knew what the hype was but thank goodness my head is out of the clouds!  Its just too good to keep to myself any longer....so my little secret is out.  Yes its an "occasional indulgence" and a fabulous one at that!  Great to give as a gift.  Great for a simple treat.  Just great....really super duper crazy great. Sigh.
4	Great Value"The ice cream is good, not great. When comparing price/value with other venues, this place is very good. Tip: If you are not alone... get a double scoop in a cup with a cone placed on top (upside down), then fill the cone, and the other person has a cup of ice cream. You will save about $2. that way. The scoops are large.
