4	This was a really cool little hookah bar we discovered in downtown Charlotte. Really well priced and high quality hookahs and tobacco as well as very friendly service. The turkish orchid drink was also very interesting (tasted somewhat like warm milk with a hint of custard-like flavor). The only gripe I have about this place is the uncomfortable home-made furniture with pillows and bean-bag chairs stuffed with styrofoam peanuts (?). Still I'd recommend at least checking it out once if you've never smoked a hookah before.
4	My wife and I are from the NYC area, we relocated here 2 years ago and we miss the vibe of the architecture and multi ethnic varieties of food. This felt like home to us! It is located in a courtyard of Brownstone style buildings and the mood was very intimate. Food was good and the hookah was fun. Portions of food could have been a bit bigger but the experience is more about the hookah and environment. We really needed a date night and this was worth the wait. We will for sure come back again. Staff was friendly
4	Pretty cool place - definitely plan to go back. Drinks were pretty cheap, and they have hookah until midnight (I believe?). Good place to grab a drink with a friend and catch up... that being said - this is not a super crazy place where you're going to see tons of people.
5	really cool hookah spot! It's not trendy or pretentious and you don't have to call 3 days ahead to get a table... which is handy because we're usually downtown in cute shoes before we figure out exactly what to do and where we're going. anyway, there's happy hour & cool people & and the food smelled DELICIOUSi vote go, early - late - & often
4	Love the atmosphere in this Paris-like alley.
3	I thought this place might replace the spot in my heart for Casablanca but alas! I was mistaken. While the food was pretty good overall, the rice did not match the cuisine and therefore single-handedly tainted the whole experience. It was like minute rice out of a microwave. It was definitely not Mediterranean. Anyway, it's not a huge deal ultimately (I still have Casablanca!!!). It is obvious their main attraction is hookah and since I don't smoke, I'm not sure that I'll be going back.
4	I love the setting.. it's in a little alley way..as a previous yelper described.. it's very Parisian! We were greeted with a luke warm welcome.. once our actual waitress came out to take our order, the service really went up. The hookah didn't hit well at first, but eventually we got it. Some strange stuff was happening when we first arrived...seems like a popular hangout for teens. When we sat down upstairs (by the way they have an upstairs if you're like us and are completely oblivious haha) this group of kids were upstairs playing a weird ass game where you rock paper scissors then smack the crap out of each other. Yeah, no. The lights were also super bright and the tv was going all white noise. The waitress fixed both of those and turned the room into a nice chill atmosphere to hookah. Other than the hit-show, we enjoyed ourselves.
5	This may be my new obsession! I came here before going out for CIAA. It is a hidden gem. Don't pay to park in the lot at night! I came during happy hour (everyday 5-8) and got the star buzz flavor Cactus Breeze for $10. It was delicious! The server was Holly who was amazing. The overall ambiance was relaxed but still classy; there was a very diverse group once it started to get crowded. I didn't order food but I got a good drink for a reasonable price.
4	Cool place, very busy for a Friday night. Staff seemed a bit overwhelmed. Nice lounge to hangout with friends though. Will definitely be back.
4	Cute little hookah bar/restaurant in Charlotte's "French Quarter". Waitress Holly is amaze-balls as she handled my group of 15 lunatics with ease. A hidden gem in CLT with first come first serve seating and great atmosphere. There are three rooms to choose from and a long list of flavors to select.
2	The hookah there is really not that good, the regular flavors taste awful, the hookahs don't let a good enough draw and they use quick light charcoals, even on the premium hookah. They do not carry Al Fakher tobacco, the premium they sell is Star Buzz which taste like candy. Nice curtains and deco though, and kudos for the Turkish coffee, which ups it to 2 stars.
3	Came into Charlotte to see and old friend...ended our night at this spot.  Drink selection is minimal, and the hookah is more commercial than good quality.  Ambiance is an A and the people there are very friendly!Ok spot to hang out with friends...get and upstairs room to really kick back!
4	During a recent visit to Brevard Court I found this little place that does nothing but drinks and Hookah rentals.  They have a menu book that will most certainly have the flavor you desire.  Honestly, I just let them choose because I don't have a preference but if you do, you're sure to find it I bet.They give you a number, you go find a seat outside and they will bring the whole setup to you ready to go.  They also service the hookahs with hot coals which is a nice touch.  Our rather large group really enjoyed it and never once had to go searching for our "waitress".
5	This restaurant  has the freshest ingredients, homemade bread and a great selection of wine. Their prices are more than reasonable with a good atmosphere. It is the ONLY good Mediterranean place uptown.  They have a cozy hookah lounge upstairs along with outdoor seating. I have never had a bad item as everything is so fresh and tasty!
4	Place is a perfect chill lounge hookah spot with the best music ( The only place I know in CLT that plays indie rap). Drink pricing isn't too shabby. I've brought friends that loved the wings. The plae is often packed out, so if you can get you and your party a spot you should have no issue. The staffing is constantly checking to make your taken care of.
4	First visit last night with the boo. Arrived around 7:30. We were immediately greeted and told that it was hookah happy hour and were given a number and headed upstairs. Found a nice nook by the window and settled in. It took about 10 minutes for our pipe to arrive. The Good:Great music...The Eagles, Bob Marley, Tosh, Sound Garden all mellow and not too loudDecent Shisha...papaya mango and mint mix they have a higher end grade alsoAtmosphere...it was clean, smelled good, younger crowd in the room we were in but they were cool. Bathroom was clean. I informed a server there was no soap in the ladies and they took care of it right away.Service...Unlike many lounges I've visited, you are not charged extra for a fresh coal and they come around to tap the ash off for you! Servers were very pleasant and didn't bother you but were available if you needed anything. Food...we just ordered some wings because we had not eaten all day and they were pretty good. Trust me, I'm from Western NY and I know wings!Location...It's in the cut and out of the way of the "Uptown swank"The Bad:Crowd...We didn't go in the other rooms(I think there are 3) but would have liked an older crowd. Right before we left there was a group that came in that did not understand that a hookah lounge does not call for the same volume of speaking as a bar! A etiquette blurb on the menu may be helpful at any lounge. Food...would have liked to see some creativity on the menu but that may cause the prices to skyrocket so never mind. Overall:I enjoyed it and will be back. The happy hour is daily from 5-8 $10 hookah. I'd like to try some cocktails on my next visit; maybe the "Liquid Marijuana." It goes with the vibe;)
5	In Charlotte for CIAA and decided to check this place out for a lil shisha before getting into this weekend's festivities. For starters, the customer service is amazing. From the minute I walked in, the hostess/server was very attentive. She directed me upstairs and my drink and hookah was out in no time. The music is very mellow and perfect for this atmosphere (reggae). The happy hour (5p-8p) shisha is $10 and the flavor list is pretty extensive. I ordered some cheesesticks to munch on and they were nice, hot and gooey- just how i like 'em. If you're looking for a spot to kick back and relax, this is it! #exhaaaaaaaaale
4	Good hookah bar. Decent selection. Outside seating is limited and it is shared space with other bars in the court. Upstairs is really dark. FYI its brevard ct not brevard st.
4	I was surprised to see this restaurant turn into quite the late night hangout. Be prepared for loud music and lots of bodies if you come on the late side.
5	This is definitely one of Charlotte's best kept secrets. I've been here twice now and had a great time both times. They have a full service bar and large hookah flavor selection on their menu. You can either be sit outside or you can go upstairs to their nice lounge general area where there's couches, a tv and music. They also have two other private rooms that looks like it can seat about 5-8 people comfortably if you wanted to hangout with a bunch of friends. The private rooms don't cost any extra too.All in all, its a legit hookah spot with great service that won't disappoint you.
