5	Cynthia and her team there are great, she was very helpful and my palce has never looked betterJon Nader
5	Cynthia was extremely courteous and professional.  She and her helper worked hard and did a very thorough job.
5	Heavenly Scent did a great job on a last minute move-out clean for my apartment.  In addition to being flexible with my schedule (and barking dog), they worked quickly, treated the property with respect and got the requested job done for less than the original estimate.  Good stuff.
1	Terrible experience!  Found the owner rude and flippant and beyond unprofessional. After twice not showing up at correct time (first date and second was time) the owner chose not to return my phone calls.  I purchased this through Amazon-Local, thankfully Amazon was professional and respectful enough to refund the purchase but I find it sad that any small business would feel they could treat a potential long term customer in this manner.  This was for apartment located in Pittsburgh.
4	I purchased a deal through Living Social for Heavenly Scent.  After a mishap with their scheduling system, the team arrived on our rescheduled date ready to tackle our townhouse.  Overall, they do a nice job.  They clean any dishes in the sink, wipe surfaces, clean floors, dust and vacuum.  The team works quickly and gets everything done quicker than the scheduled time frame.  Which is probably why two of the times they were scheduled, they called us to see if we were home and they could come early.  Much better than the alternative of showing up late.  I do think there were some minor details that were overlooked - some spots that didn't seem fully dusted and the stove not fully cleaned.  But that could have been because we were not specific enough in our direction.They were also responsive when they accidently threw away a wine bottle we had planned on saving.  They hadn't thrown away that day's trash yet so they met us at a location near our house to return it.In general, it is a nice way to get your home spruced up before you have company over or you just need a nice clean.
1	Purchased Heavenly Scent cleaning services through a living social promotion. They showed up for the first of 3 appointments which were supposed to be 4 hours of cleaning. They were here for 2 hours and didn't clean half of what they said they would do. We called them for a month to set up the remainder of our appointments, however most times the voicemail box was full. After many attempts we were able to leave messages, about 1 a week. We never received a call back. Had to go back to living social to get a full refund. Terrible company, beware.
