5	This place opened recently and I think it's fair to say that it's the best place I've been in Montreal so far. I went there a few times, it's gaining in popularity, the place is always cracked up now and with reason. It's a fun place to go to the prices for alcohol are all right, the staff is awesome. The interior design is just magnificent and and and you have arcades inside of the bar. The music is just fantastic, I've was subjugated by it. The first thing that was playing when I walked in was Jurassic 5 and I knew it would be a great place.
5	Apt 200 just might be the best bar I've been to in long time.  For sure it's like no other place I've ever been before.  The place has a unique interior design.  As the name suggests it is modeled after an apartment.  There's a den, bedroom, living room, etc and the design is funky and eclectic.  For me the interior design was the best part of this place.  They also have retro arcade games too as well as pool and table top hockey.The prices for alcohol are in line with what you'd pay at other places and the cocktails were quite good.  The noise level also wasn't so loud that you couldn't have a conversation.  That being said though it was happy hour and it wasn't super packed.  I imagine on a busier night it would be worse.  Definitely hit this place up when you get the chance.  It won't let you down.
2	Came here on a busy night and the service was horrible at every step. The doorman was rude, the coat check refused to take our coats ("there are no more hangers," they told us, as they handed someone their coat, freeing up a hanger), we were booted from a table for not having bought a bottle, the drinks were watered down, and when we finally convinced the coat check to take our coats they lost them. Prices were decent and the decor was nice but it was not worth the hassle.
4	Very fun place! Lots of arcade games, pool tables, couches, dance floor and bar. Seems like someones Amazing and fun apt! Great time... Big lineups tho, get there early!
1	Don't even bother if you're not on a guestlist.
1	Lissette said it best, don't even bother if you're not on a guestlist. But also, of the 2 times I've been, service was very poor.
2	27$ for a lemonade! (Was supposed to be Mojito).Great place in terms of design. Drink wise, not the greatest.
5	what up apt 200 you showed these new yorkers/la girls a great time, shout out to scott and cameron!!!xothe downtown girls
5	first trip to Montrel and apt. 200 made that trip amazing. the bar has a fantastic atmosphere and some great tunes. bartenders where easy to talk to and put on a show. drinks were good and cheap not to mention the awesome retro games
5	This place was so fun and very trendy, I did a lot of travelling this summer and I would have to say this was one of my favorite stops! This place is hidden so if you don't have a local bring you, then you're out of luck. You have to climb a couple sets of stairs to get into the club but once you're in there are tons of places to sit! The vibe is eclectic and hipster and all the people are just there to have fun! The pitchers of mojitos is where it's at, and you should definitely go with a group, you'll have so much fun!!!
1	Cool spot but TERRIBLE TERRIBLE SERVICE. I have never experienced such awful service trying to book a table as this club. I'm currently trying to make reservations for bottle service/table for 2 bottles. Can barely ever reach anyone regardless of what time of day I try to call. I get referred to multiple emails, that do not ever send any responses. What is this crap? Why is it so hard to give you my money??On any given Friday or Saturday, whenever I have passed by on Saint Laurent and tried to get in, they say "Guestlist Only". Yes, but why don't you make it easier to get on the guestlist?!You guys are too arrogant about your popularity. You're not that special. Good luck trying to keep this little fad going with shitty service like this. At this rate, won't be long before another 'hipster', spot attracts all of your clientele. Taking my money elsewhere.
