5	Went in one day years ago just to look around on a Satuday to get out of the heat and show my boy the birdies.  Went back a few more times.  When it was time to buy a pet birdie for my son, we came back for here for sure!  Family owned and run.  They really love their birds.  Many different kinds of birds and a wide variety of extras for your pet.  All prices resonable.  Very knowledgeable about birds.  Friendly and willing to give lots of time to talk and help shop.  We bought a pretty yellow cocatiel baby and named her Lemon Chicken!
5	Awesome! Brought our jenday in for wing & toe clip.  They were extremely helpful, gentle and informative.  They have a great selection of bird toys, food, well, anything a bird needs!!  Will be back for regular supplies!
5	This store is 100% AMAZING. It is clean, neatly laid out, lots of friendly birds and the owner and his staff are absolutely wonderful!I have a bit of a story on how I came to this place.For Christmas my son decided he wanted a bird. A cockatiel to be exact. I went to another store in the valley. Nice people but it didn't specialize in birds. This was my first mistake.We picked out his bird the day after Christmas and he brought him home. It was not hand trained. This was my second mistake.My son worked every single day with his bird. Reading to it, playing his clarinet to it etc, he was meticulous about the birds food/water/cage etc. After a month (so just recently) the bird would get on his hand and eat out of it. He was SO proud.We found his bird dead in the cage Wednesday night (this bird I was told was less than 6 months old).Needless to say he was pretty heart broken.I called Birdz and Beyond. We had a long discussion about what happened, the environment the bird came from, and the bird was in at and how he was being cared for. Some times things happen and sadly there was not much we could have done to save our little friend.My son decided he wanted to try again, and Birdz and Beyond just happened to have 8 week old hand trained cockatiels in stock, so off we went.The owner was amazing, he took all the time in the world helping my son pick his new friend, explaining care, and picking out all of the new equipment we would need. (Didn't want to take chances with the old cage etc). He was able to tell him the birds birthday as well which is important to my son.They decorated his new cage together, and my son was so excited to bring his new friend home.I will go back here for supplies, grooming of the bird and they also do boarding if you need to be away from your friend.He spent most of the evening last night cuddling with his little friend and making sure he was all tucked in and ready for bed. I am going to be a regular at this place with absolutely no doubt, I may even buy a bird for myself.If you have any bird needs, or you are looking to get a new little friend go here, I cannot rave enough!
5	We were looking to get my son a bird, and after visiting the "big box" stores, we found Birdz and Beyond. I am so happy we did. The store is clean, the cages are spotless, and the birds are very active compared to those at the "big box" stores. It is a family owned store and they are so knowledgeable, helpful and friendly. They helped us decide on the best bird for our son, and talked to us in great length about training and caring for the bird.  If I could give this store more stars, I would.
5	Always amazing customer service and very knowlegable staff. They even help me out with my critters who aren't birds. They know all kinds of stuff about exotics. Always a great selection of products too.
5	I was not really prepared to have a pet until a hungry stray budgie landed outside my apartment and decided to have me adopt it two weeks ago. After bringing it into my apartment, I went out to shop for a cage and other supplies. While the big-chain pet stores had stuff I needed, their prices were beyond what I was prepared to spend. Then I remembered this store which I used to pass by often when I lived in north Phoenix. For owners of pet birds, this store is a pleasure to shop in since it is clean, well-stocked with birds and bird-related supplies, and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. They helped me choose a good-sized, very reasonably priced cage from their impressive inventory. It was also a delight to see the variety of  healthy birds here, at prices lower than in the other stores. Feed, perches, toys, and other supplies - you'll find them all here. This will definitely be my destination for future supplies for my new pet, and if I decide to have an additional avian pet, this is where I'll go.
5	This store is great! Everyone is so friendly and knowledgable. Will be my bird store from now on.
5	I can't say enough good things about these guys! Their knowledge about avian pets, their friendliness and helpfulness, the easy-on-the-budget prices, the range of supplies and services - all outstanding. I've been here a few more times since my previous review -- for getting supplies, to get a companion for my adopted stray budgie, for advice, and for getting my budgie's nails trimmed. Every visit to this store is such a pleasure.
5	This is one great bird store! The people are knowledgeable and friendly, not like the employees at a big box store. They truly care about their birds and their customers. I've been a customer for the entire time they'e been in business (7 years) and I wouldn't go anywhere else. The selection of birds is really wonderful, the number of cages can't be beat, and yes, they have all of the fixin's too, like food and toys and whatever you need. Once you shop at Birtz and Beyond you'll never go back to any of those big pet stores for your bird paraphernalia.
