5	I  moved back to Las Vegas from California recently; yes voluntarily too, I know crazy :)  Determined to stay connected to the water, I was happy when I discovered Paddle to the Core, Las Vegas' newest Stand Up Paddle shop now opened at the Village at Lake Las Vegas. Kathy, the owner, is amazing with so much passion for this new water sport taking the world by storm. She has an amazing selection of boards you can rent or buy plus she offers yoga classes, full moon paddle sessions and you can even bring your dog with you on the board. If you complain there is nothing to do in Las Vegas, you must, must try this place!  And at the same, you get to support a small start up business. Thank you Kathy for opening! It is so great to have you here in Las Vegas!!
5	I took a stand-up paddle lesson with Kathy @ Paddle to the Core on Lake Las Vegas.  It's located at the Marina in the Village. It was a total blast.  It was a hot day and very nice to be on the cool water.    Great exercise too!  The scenery from the middle of Lake Las Vegas is amazing!!!   Kathy is very passionate about what she does.  You can park near the Casamar Market or in the parking garage.   Lake Las Vegas is the perfect... well really the only place in the area where you can do this on calm waters. See you again soon Kathy!  Thanks again for bringing this to Lake Las Vegas for us to enjoy!!
5	A great way to spend a hot summer day.  This place is like a different world yet it is only minutes away.  In addition to the fun and the great workout, you wouldn't have to break the bank.Paddling is really easy even for beginners.  There is also a quick and free lesson available.  The board is big and stable which makes it easy to stand and balance on.  About safety, it is really difficult to hurt yourself.  There is parking available right next to the lake.  By that, I mean about 20 feet from marina.  It is better if you call ahead and make a reservation to make sure there is a board available for you when you get there.  I have been there a couple of times and will be paddle boarding with my dog next time.  On a sunny day, you will get really hot which require jumping in the water to cool you down. Splash!
5	The desert-dwellers of Nevada may not have been introduced to the concept of standing on a surf board and paddling your way across a lake.  Which is to say that they may not know that it's calming, relaxing and the most fun I've ever had while getting a solid core and arm workout.Hidden out at Lake Las Vegas, Paddle to the Core rents paddle boards (modified surf boards) and oars right by the lake.  The owner (who was really nice) will take you down to the lake with the board and teach you how to maintain your balance while paddling along.  You'll feel a little wobbly at first, but after awhile the movement and balance become natural and you'll cruise across the lake.Our group had a great time paddling across the lake at sunset with the mountains glowing in the background.  I'd recommend it to anyone looking for an in-town excursion.
5	I was born and raised in this bloody city and always have my eyes open for anything unlike the traditional Las Vegas scene. This place was phenomenal! The owner Kathy was so nice and truly loves the sport. She gave my boyfriend and I ample time on the board... And they even let you hang out on the beach at Lowes! The sport itself is terrific... It was my first time on a board but I picked it up very fast, it's easy to keep your balance and once you get the hang of the paddle and get with the flow it's a very relaxing workout. This place is great! Try it out!
4	Great place for a first lesson. I got a good workout, but it was also very peaceful. Definitely recommend. Took my first stand-up paddleboard (SUP) lesson today. The owner Kathy was a good teacher who obviously loves to paddle and to introduce newbies to the sport. Even on a cooler day, Lake Las Vegas was a pristine, beautiful place to paddle around for an hour.
5	Can I say, paddle boarding is like taking a mini vacation to hawaii.I drive to wonderful lake las vegas, pull into the wonderful Loew's hotel.Walk around and enjoy the amazing views and rent a paddle board.Then, I paddle off the Loew's cute pool area and paddle out to the lake.There while getting a great workout I get to meditate, check out the nice homes and pretend I am not in Las Vegas.  I will call this a mental vacation, mini brain massage from life.  I work out, get tan, and enjoy the sights.  After I get tired, I paddle back.  Hang out by the pool.  Then either go have a cocktail at their cool bar or maybe get some delicious food at Rick's.
5	An incredible experience to offset the craziness of The Strip.  Rather than viewing the beauty of Lake Las Vegas, paddleboarding connected me to it - to the water, the mountains and to my friends paddleboarding with me.  Kathy and Christian were amazing instructors and within minutes we felt comfortable on our own.  Perfect for dates, team-building, and as much or as little of a work-out as you want it to be.  A very special addition to our community!  And incredibly affordable!  Thanks Kathy and Christian - I am hooked.
5	Usually I only yelp about food but this was sooo much fun! If you are reading this that means you are a little interested so stop reading and go do it! It was a great experience. I'm hooked!
5	Had a great time out on the lake learning to SUP.  Kathy was a wonderful teacher.  Be careful on windy days, I got an extra workout trying to paddle back against he wind!
5	We had a wonderful time stand up paddling on Lake Las Vegas.  Although we usually paddle on the open ocean in Hawaii, we thought it would be fun to try doing so on a lake.  The Lake Las Vegas area is beautiful.  The Loews hotel kind of reminds me of Manele Bay on the island of Lanai.  Kathy was super explaining in which direction we should go since it was on a windy day.  The ride back to the hotel was fun with the wind pushing us back...we just had to steer.  We look forward to going back in September.
5	My husband and I had so much fun learning a new sport-- yet another way to keep our 50 something bodies in relatively good shape!  More fun than most exercise, beautiful setting, you feel like you're walking on water.  The crew was fantastic!  We paddled one day, then the next day went for a bike ride, circuit training hour with K.C., followed by an hourof yoga on the lake.  Thanks to trevor, KC., and mike for being so professional AND fun!  We will be back.  Why not stay in Henderson NV??  Close enough to the strip and much more fun!Brad and Sandra CA
5	I had no idea WTF paddle boarding was, but my boyfriend invited me... and my life philosophy is to say "yes" to everything. I was kinda hesitant because I am EXTREMELY uncoordinated and un-athletic. I was always the last picked for volleyball and all that in school, so I was kind of afraid to make an ass of myself in front of my jock b.f. But I sacked up and tried it anyway....and surprise!! It's super easy!!Basically, it's a giant surfboard you stand on, and paddle around with a long oar, like a canoe. It's shockingly easy to keep your balance, and not too hardcore a workout. I paddled pretty much around the entire lake, and wasn't even sore the next day.The Lake itself is just the right size to paddle around...about a mile and half long from end to end. You can paddle right up to the docks of the pretentious asses who live out there (bonjour, Celine), or cruise past golf courses and a fake Italian village. At the other end, the landscape is pretty much just barren desert...which is much cooler, in its way.As far as the actual paddleboarding business, the staff was super cool and gave me a quick beginner lesson before sending me on my way. It's something like $30 for an hour, but you also get access to the Westin pool (super nice) and 20% off your food and bev purchases there. So not a bad deal!On a final note, I was especially careful not to fall overboard while paddling, since the water in fake-ass Lake Las Vegas is treated wastewater from Vegas. YUCK! The last thing I want to do is flounder around in Vegas's leftover piss and amniotic fluid...no matter HOW much they claim to treat it!!
4	This is a review of an amazing daycation escape in Las Vegas, for locals and everyone alike.  I had an amazing time and didn't fall off the board once!  Go me!  The great part is that they get u trained and out on the water really quick.  The reason one star was lost was becuase there isn't that much to see, but you can paddle under the bridge and see some of the waterfront shops.  I really want to try the paddle board yoga and so i will put up another review when i do that!Also we get to hang out by the pool and get some percentage off food and drinks at the westin!
5	I love paddling on Lake Las Vegas with The Paddle to the Core group. Kathy Holesapple is amazing. She is very knowledgeable and personable. Her staff is equally as freindly and helpful. It is such a fun activity to do and a lovely location, as well. You must try it...Lake Las Vegas is gorgeous and it is a great way to experience it. It is fun for all ages.
4	Great workout and scenery on lovely Lake Las Vegas! This was my first time on a paddle board, and it exceeded my expectations. You can make the workout as easy or strenuous as you want, but it does require balance and use of muscles that probably don't see a lot of action! If you get tired, you can sit on the board and drift.
5	So fun great peaceful lake great scenery. Can be a great workout  or just a chill adventure!!! Way fun!!!
5	Super easy class and super fun will be my weekend activity as long as the weather is good.
5	My friend took me out here 2 years ago, and I've been wanting to come back but just haven't had a chance to return. Last time I was in way better shape than I am now, and I participated in the paddleboard yoga, which was quite a challenge because I was determined not to fall in the water, I am not a fan of Lake Mead water or any kind of dark water that I can't see the bottom! Yoga was fun! This time around I took my two out of town guests, one of them it being her first time to Vegas, so it was nice to show them a different side of our town. They have since relocated to the Westin, and the boards are launched out of the sandy beach near the pool. For $30 you will get a quick instruction and an hour on the lake, and if you are a returning customer, you get a $10 discount. I highly recommend calling before and checking availability and weather conditions as high winds don't make for a fun paddle or they may be booked, would suck to drive all the way out there and be turned away. This is a great Vegas escape, I hope the rest of Lake Las Vegas starts to get revitalized.
5	Staff is amazing and paddle boarding is a blast!
4	I'm a fan of Lake Las Vegas, and I'm a fan of paddleboarding.  So peaceful and you get a little bit of a workout before you go relax by the pool at the Westin.  It's just a really fun way to spend an hour of your day.  It's definitely easy to learn if you have never tried it.  I need to try the paddleboard/yoga one of these days.I took away a star because the staff isn't ultra friendly, and it's a bit over-priced, compared to some other places in other cities.
4	So my wife took me to the Westin for a father's day get away.  Part of the weekend included paddleboarding .  I love the water and I've always wanted to try it, but living in the desert can make finding good places for water sports tough to find.  Well, she was able to find Paddle To the Core.After a Quick five-minute lesson, we were on the lake.  I am pretty athletic and I know how to row, so it was pretty easy for me to get the hang of it.  My wife is not so athletic, but she too had no problem.  We lucked out being there on a day with no wind.At $30 for an hour of paddling, I recommend everyone try it.  It is a ton of fun and I think most would want to do it again.  I'll be back again.  If you sign up for their 5 Star card, you get a board rental for $20.  Try it.  I'm sure you'll like it.
5	I had a scheduled early morning paddle but no one showed up. Kathy eventually called me later to let me know the person had some car trouble. I accepted the offer to try again the next day. She ended up comping the intro lesson and ride. And it was a beautiful ride......no one else on the lake at 6:30a.....had a lovely yoga session amongst the reeds. So thankful to be out there and wondering why everyone wasn't out there to enjoy. Fortunate that my parents live out here at Lake Las Vegas....I will definitely be back to ride again. Kathy was very generous and friendly. And she's a kitesurfer too! 5 stars indeed. So get away from the strip, enjoy some time on the water and breath in the surroundings. You won't be disappointed.
5	Kathy and her crew are amazing!I can't say enough positive things about the service and attention I received whiletrying out various SUP's at their facility at the Westin at Lake Las Vegas. I bought a inflatable SUP without ever trying it before and to say I was challenged by it, because it was too small for me, is an understatement!Kathy Suggested that I use a SUP that was more suited to my size and ability and that  made all the difference!I later "upgraded" my SUP to a properly sized SUP for a great price at her well appointed shop also located at the Westin Lake Las Vegas.Since I come out this way about 5-6 times a year I plan to frequent this place everytime I come to Henderson because of the PTTC crew, the workout, and the facilities that just rock!
5	Paddle to the Core is tucked away in beautiful Lake Las Vegas at one of my favorite hotels, the Westin. Kathy and company are awesome, always very pleasant, friendly, absolutely amazing to deal with. If you and your friends are looking for something 'unvegas' like to do, the 30-35 minute drive from the Strip is definitely worth the it!  Get on their frequent visitors stamp card and be a frequent paddle boarder, it will get you a free paddle session. Bring your friends and family and paddle to the middle of the lake and just work in your tan or work on those abs, it's definitely a good work out. If you've never been, they gladly supply a quick lesson. $30-$40 will get you an hour of fun in the sun and access to the Westin pool!! It's growing into a very popular so call ahead and RSVP!! They also can help you set up company events and private parties!! They also have some awesome yoga paddle classes for yogis of all levels!!Not into getting wet, can't swim, no problem, just call ahead and reserve a bike and go on a nice long bike ride around the lake.  Absolutely one of a kind in Vegas, a must do!! Do it during the week, you've got the entire lake to yourself!! Bomb-dot-com!! See you there!!
5	Paddle to the Core is the place to be to beat the Vegas summer temps!I have tried it 2x and wish I had more time to have returned before moving. You can call ahead to reserve a spot or simply show up. Cash/Cards are accepted. There's a place to put wallets/purses/keys while you're on the water. If you're like my lovely lady and trying it for the first time, it can be intimidating but that's just to get the technique down. All of the staff will assist and give intros on proper stance and what to do before setting off into the open lake. As one said to me, "you'll only get soaked if you want to"It's so relaxing once you're on the open water and if you're comfortable enough you can kneel down and sit on the board. Rentals generally last an hour but who's counting on the water? Either way, they usually send an employee out to find you. The only concern is to avoid windy days or late afternoons. It's just you and the board and it can feel like an episode from "I shouldn't be alive" if it gets too choppy. That was my first experience and I thought I would never reach shore again! And when checking it out pick up a returners card for discounted rates on your subsequent follow up trips. Happy SUP! (Stand up paddle boarding)
5	Kathy is great!  She's super friendly and very accommodating, offering to work with our schedule to get us equipment outside normal operating hours!
4	This is a nice fun day activity and it's not too far from the strip. The check in stand is located in the Westin and they give you a quick lesson with all the gear when you first head out. Bring sunblock, a hat and friends. The lake is nice but it's not the prettiest. Water looked murky and brown. You get access to the hotel pool for the day also if you're over paddling.
