2	I always find what I need but the customer service could be better. It is hard to find anyone to help out with questions. I recently purchased a new computer chair and was looking for someone to help out with getting the box to the front of the store. I had to go to the front of the store to ask for help.  I asked for a cart or a dolly to help me get it to the front of the store. The associate was more than helpful though and carried the box to the front and then out to my car. I just wish it would have been easier to find employees walking around the store ensuring that their customers were alright.
3	This is Staples.  Basic office and school supplies, including some electronics and even office furniture.They often have good sales.  Watch the flyers.On this particular occasion we needed dry erase markers (which were on sale for $1), some notebook paper, and to recycle a printer cartridge.  Yes, they take cartridges and give you a credit ($2, I think).  All were accomplished.And the staff was VERY helpful.  The markers weren't in the bin, but their inventory showed they still had some.  So one of them went scrounging in their storage area and found them for us.  Very satisfied with this visit.
3	I got plastic covers for pages that go in a binder. They had them. The kind mid 20s, female employee lead  me to them. They had other office related items there as well. I used their bathroom. Don't worry, I got it all in the urinal...except the second half, but that's to be expected. I spoke to the cashier. He was probably about 55 years old. Apparently he "lost it all" in the stock market. Odd thing to share as I'm checking out. Whatever. Have a cool day bub.
4	They always have everything I need for my supplies for work & cashier was very helpful & friendly.
4	I use the copy center often and the employee Sean is usually great. I called in to ask a question and he was actually very rude and seemed annoyed with my question. I spoke to the manager CJ who was fabulous! More than accommodating.  Great job of defusing a tense situation and taking care of your customers.
