5	What an amazing event! Fabulous food, wonderful service, cool atmosphere and terrific company set off a spectacular evening. 12 hours after it has finished and I am still full. Fogo De Chao offers remarkable service that is extremely attentive leaving customers wanting for nothing. One of the staff even took us in small groups to tour the kitchen and see how the various meats are cooked to perfection.Gabi - thank you so much for organizing this event.
5	As I sit here, consumed with a meat based hangover, I have fond memories of last evening.  The service, the food, the crowd all fabulous.I can't thank them enough, for a graduate student who has had dreams of reaching meat nirvana, this was an excellent opportunity.
5	What a great way to get introduced to Fogo De ChaoAnd I thought I would still be full this morning because of all the wonderful food I consumed last night.  (Sorry meal plan, but I had to break a couple rules last night...)  Food, service, atmosphere were all A+!!!!  The meat was cooked to perfection.  The salad bar is AMAZING!!!  And the tour of the kitchen and the private room was a great touch to end the evening.Thank you Gabi for putting this together!  It was such an excellent treat!
5	A meat feast!  Woo hoo!I am STILL full. The staff was great. Everything was delicious. I really can't pick a favorite. I wish I would have been able to have more of what was offered at the salad bar, but I wanted to save as much room as possible for all the meat. And there was plenty of it. Thank you Rolando for taking us on a tour of the kitchen. This was so neat. I think he said all but 2 of the cooks were Brazilian.And thank you Gabi for putting this together. We had an amazing time.  :)
5	Too many restaurants, too little room in my pants.  Although on my list, Fogo De Chao had taken a back seat to other less deserving establishments it seems.  Not forgotten, just cast aside for the time being.  I hang my head in shame at that now.I could not resist the abundance of tempting offerings at the salad bar.  Since I could not possibly try everything and still eat meat, I opted to sacrifice everything green.  I filled my plate with cheeses, smoked salmon, prosciutto, roasted veggies, and everything not in the leafy green category.  At the table, I could also not resist the fried polenta and fried bananas.  And those little popovers!  Since they were small, I didn't count how many I consumed.   Leaving little room for the meat attraction, what I did sample was tender and flavorful.Big thanks to Gabi and the wonderful staff in the front and in the kitchen who made sure we were taken care of from start to finish.  Once I recover, I'll be back for more!
5	I have been to four such places in the Phoenix area and if you combine food and ambience this is the best by a mile.  The service was exceptional--we didn't have to wait for anything and people were coming by constantly not only to serve us a gajillion types of meat, but to check on our every need.  Refills?  Sauces?  A particular cut you'd like?  Anything and everything was available right away.We got taken on a tour of the kitchen and it is huge and spotless.  There is also a private room which apparently is first-come-first-served and is no additional charge.  There is a salad bar with chilled asparagus, hearts of palm, and the most ridiculous artichoke hearts--literally just the very best part of the artichoke here.  There was a delicious chicken salad, potato salad, a bunch of cheeses, and cold cuts.But of course, the main event was the meat--sausage, sirloin, leg of lamb, chicken legs, bacon wrapped chicken breast, bacon wrapped filet... and the best cut of filet mignon that I've had in a long time.  Tender, amazing, delightful.  This place also gets extra kudos for the fact that the servers ask as they are cutting the meat which doneness you want, which is nice.  I really enjoyed it.Finally--the dessert was sublime.  Between the three of us, we shared the papaya-ice cream-black currant liqueur thingy, which wasn't too sweet but wonderfully subtle; the molten chocolate cake which would be the most perfect desert known to humanity if it had a few more fresh berries on there, and a wonderful creme brulee which capped off my birthday in the best possible way.  Gabi was evasive when I asked if it was her who ratted me out and scored me a free birthday dessert but I will go ahead and give her the credit since she's just so all-around exceptional.  Once again, an exceptional event--thanks to Yelp and most importantly, thanks so much to Fogo de Chao.
5	Filet, Sirloin, and Ribeye, oh my!This was my first Fogo De Chao experience, and it exceeded my expectations!  I've been to other Brazilian steakhouses in the past, but Fogo was fabulous!  Sure, I could've made a meal on the sensational thirty item salad bar on it's own, but I took a breather and then went for the meat.  Green light on!  I also enjoyed the crispy hot polenta and caramelized banana side dishes. Yum!Rolando was the waiter I had the most contact with and he was remarkable.  Evan, the GM, was friendly as well... this was such a treat to be a part of, and of course, even more fun because I was surrounded by some of my favorite yelpers!Thanks Fogo folks - once I digest my 2 - 3 lbs of meat, I'll be back to see you again!
5	Wow, this dinner was pretty spectacular. I've never had an experience quite like it. So, you start with a lovely salad bar, they had butter lettuce (yessss) and a delicious basil dressing that went great with my tomato slices. There were also a variety of cheeses available and smoked salmon, yum!Now lets get down to the meat. There was a Picanha (the prime part of the sirloin) which was gorgeous, Filet Mignon, Beef Ancho, Lombo (pork loin filets encrusted with parmesan cheese!), Frango chicken wrapped in bacon...yay, Linguica (slow-roasted pork sausages) and my favorite, Cordeiro, the leg of lamb, moist and delicious!This is a great concept for a restaurant, I can't wait to bring my husband for his birthday!
5	I am late in reviewing this but still felt a need to voice off on what a fantastic evening I had. The food was amazing. There was a excellent salad bar with items such as mozzarella, roasted red peppers, salmon, asparagus, marinated mushrooms and all sorts of salads. One could honestly fill up on one circle of the salad bar, but I was careful to save room for the delicious meats.The selection of meat was incredible, from what I can remember: bacon wrapped filet mignon, top sirloin, lamb chops and leg of lamb, chicken in garlic, sausage, pork ribs, bacon wrapped chicken and on and on. The sides were great too, crispy polenta, mashed potatoes and caramelized bananas.  What really made this night special was the amazing service. We were given a tour of the kitchen so we got to see how it was all prepared. Our server was also quick to make sure we were able to taste every meat selection they had, and to send the guys over had we requested more of a particular item.  This was a 5 star dining experience and I will definitely be back. Thanks Gabi!
5	The whole Fogo de Chao experience is really unique, fun, and delicious. They have a fresh and tasty buffet style salad bar with items such as, pasta salads, asparagus, fresh bread, fruit, and all sorts of side items. The variety of meat is phenomenal with chicken, filet mignons, rib eyes, etc. Wow! Is this place good. I highly recommend for small groups,  big parties, whoever!
