2	Baskin Robbins on Alma School Road: The ice cream was fine; we ordered a banana split. Here are the two reasons we won't be coming back: 1) The customer service was lacking. The young man at the counter seemed very "chill," and more interested in his phone than anything else. He also forgot to give us spoons. We just used the ice cream-sample spoons on the counter because he seemed too occupied with his cell phone to be distracted by work. No offense, chill counter dude. 2) Scary toilet. The ladies toilet bowl has a hole near the front of the bowl that can spray you! Flush it and a spring of water shoots far enough up from a break in the bowl to splash you if you're near. It's also cracked. Maybe it was a do-it-yourself bidet project gone wrong? I won't be back to find out.
1	No complaints about the ice cream at this location. The staff is nice and friendly. The problem starts when one tries to get a refund for a canceled cake order paid by credit card. One is told that the staff does not have a code to process the refund. The manager has to contact another institution to process the order and so on and so forth. I had to dispute the charge with my credit card company. I have never had this problem before. So save yourself a meltdown and use cash :)
3	Good ice cream. Very good service by the solo attendant. The store generally looks dirty, the floor is nasty from the front door to the back.  Happy to find the bathrooms clean.
1	The service here is the worst- the employees don't care about customer service at all.I think this place only hires high school and young college age employees.  I went in to order a cake for my husbands birthday two days before, and the kid that helped me (if you can call it help) acted like I was bothering him just by being there. I had never ordered a cake through Baskin Robbins before and every time I asked  a question he looked at me like I was an idiot.   I finally got the order done and paid for (He never asked for my name or contact info for the order either) and went on my merry way. We had a change of plans for our get together and I needed to get the cake a day sooner, so I called to see if they could accommodate. After much back and forth I was told that the cake would be ready by 6pm and that they would call me when it arrived so I could pick it up. By 630 I hadn't recieved a call, so a friend and I went to pick it up. The 3 teenaged girls working had NO idea what was going on, and talked to me like I was stupid for coming a day early for the cake. Turns out that the cake decorator was unable to finish the cake, but the store failed to call to inform me. I told them I would be in the next morning to get the cake. The next day my husband and I went in to get the cake and I was informed that they had CANCELLED THE CAKE. So not only did my guests not have cake to enjoy, but my poor husband did not get a cake for his birthday all because some dumb kids couldn't get things right.  The "manager" (who was busy flirting with a customer when we arrived, and seemed annoyed that she had to help a customer instead) did nothing to fix the issue so I had to submit a complaint to corporate. Terrible service. and the store was filthy every time I was there.  The owner clearly has no idea how poorly the store is being run. If they did they would probably fire the lot of them.Bottom line? go somewhere else.**UPDATE**    When I called to file a complaint with the corporate office, I was told the franchise owner would contact me within 4 business days. It has been more than two weeks with no contact. This leads me to believe that the problem here stems from poor franchise ownership and has trickled down. Clearly customer satisfaction is not a goal for this owner.
1	Was not happy with service or facility.
2	It is a shame to give it two stars.  It is nice to have an ice cream shop within walking distance and a place to bring kids after a hot day.  The truth is, this store is filthy!  Just terribly filthy.  Regardless of the ages of the employees, I am surprised that the owner does not care more about the store and clean it, or heck, hire some cleaning people to give it a deep clean once in a while.  Looking around to see layers of dust, dirt, and even bugs on the tile, window sills, and display case is just gross.  It makes me really question how they are handling the ice cream, scoops, etc.Our last visit there, the filth factor was worse it seems and sadly I feel we will stay away because of that.  We are better off having frozen yogurt up the road where the facility is kept clean.
1	Melted ice cream...dirty....no air conditioning....contacted the corporate office...said the owner or the field executive would contact me....never happened.  Cannot believe Baskin Robbins' brand means nothing to corporate.  We went to the franchise in Gilbert in the Fry's shopping center last night. FILTHY.  Table filthy, bathroom filthy...flies landing on the ice cream that was on all the uncleaned tables.  Seems like this is an ongoing problem.
4	I was surprised to read so many negative reviews about this location - I have not noticed it being dirty or filthy, but I only go there to buy their delicious ice cream cakes for special occasions.  On my most recent visit I found the staff to be very attentive - maybe new management?  I'll be back!  BTW, they had pink bubblegum ice cream - I tasted a sample - wow, is it great!
3	The last time I was in Baskin Robbins was after little league some time in the 80s I think. This is one of the places where when you see one in a shopping center you're like "oh yeah...31 flavors still exists!" Which is weird because it's ice cream, and who doesn't like that?So I got a flyer in my mail that offered $1 scoops at the old BR31, and I decided to take advantage. Place was clean, abusively colorful, and had nice selection of ice cream.I chose pralines and cream (which I've found out recently is pronounced "praah-leens") and peanut butter cup. Both were just pretty good, which again is weird because...ice cream, but had a syrupy sweetness to them, and were not all that creamy. It was kind of an ice milk texture, not the smooth, creamy texture you'd expect. Also, despite the fact that both scoops were crammed full of candy bits, syrup ribbons, and nuts, it was strangely lacking any flavor other than an overpowering sweetness. Weird.The kid behind the counter was nice, and even have me the old head nod when he clearly gave me a bigger scoop than he was supposed to.  Unfortunately though this wouldn't be enough to bring me back in again once the $1 promo is over. There are just too many other better options out there.
1	Never again!!!! Went here after having a nice dinner cause it was on my way home.   Immediately when I walked in this place is filthy.  Teen behind the counter wasn't rude as I understand it's not your dream job, but come on if you hate it that bad just quit.  I ordered a ice cream cone and as soon as he handed it to me it was half melted.  Clearly the refrigeration is equivalent with the rest of the place....ABYSMAL as in dire need of attention.  .    I'd rather walk to Safeway to buy ice cream then ever come back.
