5	I'm sorry...but I love these guys - no matter what location I go to in what state they are always awesome and today my visit at this spot was no different. I noticed at the end of my drive in from CA last week that there was a noise coming from the passenger rear tire/wheel. Of course I was unsure of taking it to the dealer or to Discount first...and I made the wrong choice of going to the dealer. They were nice and allegedly inspected everything (it's all under warranty still) so I was glad they it had been looked at but not satisfied in knowing that I'm NOT crazy* and making things up (in this instance).So it stopped making the noise until today and I was planning on still running over anyways, especially because I know they're closed tomorrow and I might be "going back to cali, cali" early Tuesday. So I roll up and there's a bit of wait but I'm fine, a few minutes later I'm helped out and as the guy is pulling up my records and asks me which car it is (I probably have like 5 in their records at LEAST). He locates Mr FJ and I can't resist letting him know that his name is Toby. Yes. I am one of those people. I greet my car and love him so. He asks if I just want them to do an air pressure check or put it on the lift and check it and I opt for the full treatment. He tells me how long it'll take and I give him the go ahead. He'd already somewhat diagnosed it from checking it out in the parking lot (people that know what they're doing - what a concept!) and confirms that the tire is wearing a bit and is cupping. Ha, i knew I wasn't crazy (in hearing car noises)! He rotated the rear tires so it'll wear evenly for me and sent me on my way. Everyone was friendly and lively and I couldn't help but catch some giggles listening to some of these guys work. Another awesome Discount visit all around.
3	I purchased a tire last year, a year later I'm buying 4 new tires even though only one is flat.   I think they are good business people and the staff is friendly, but after dropping 1200 for four tires, I really don't want to hear about warranties that are essentially false.  After changing my tires, I notice the car isn't the same, and have had to take it back not once but twice.  And it'll cost me another 300+ dollars.   I think I should call the police, because I think i've been robbed.
5	Was having a front tire problem, but wasn't sure what it was.Stopped here after making several phone calls to local tire shops, as Discount was by far the nicest and most informative over the phone.They worked on my front tire and did several tests but couldn't locate any serious problem other than a slightly bent wheel (probably from pothole).They switched the 2 front tires and asked me to 'keep an eye' on it for awhile.After spending 1/2 hour on my car and doing several tests/diagnostics, they didn't charge me anything! Just said to stop by in the future isf the problem came back or when I need a new tire.Manager and service reps were all very helpful, knowledgeable and friendly.Will definitely go back here with any future tire or wheel issues.
5	LOVE this location! The employees are extremely friendly and helpful. I bought a set of tires here and purchased the warranty with them. With the warranty comes free balancing and rotation, which is really cool! I visited this location when they were really busy and they still had me out the door within 30 minutes. I won't go anywhere else for tires!
5	I purchased 4 new tires and certificates of replacement from this location in December, 2011.  A few months ago I brought the car to Maryland.  Recently I had a flat tire which could not be repaired.  When I found out that there was no Discount Tire in the Maryland area, I called the Fountain Hills shop to see if they had any suggestions.  John said he would FedEx me a new tire just like the one I had purchased, and there would be no charge for doing this.  Several days later the tire arrived.  This was service way above and beyond what one would expect.
5	Had a balance problem that another tire store was not able to correct. Contacted Discount Tire in Fountain Hills and they said they would look at it. I brought my Jeep in and they not only got to it quickly but fixed the problem at NO CHARGE !That kind of customer service is rare these days and I will be sure to return when it's time for new tires.If you need tires and great service stop by and see them.
5	Excellent service, polite workers, prompt problem-fixing--this was a great trip. They quickly fixed a problem and the warranty system that they have is great, most of my trips are free. Great location and great service, I definitely recommend it!
5	I ran over a 2-inch bolt that went through both the tire and the actual rim. Discount Tire worked so hard to cost the least amount possible! I was blown away by their service and willingness to go the extra mile! These people are amazing!!
5	The guys here are great! They were all really friendly and so willing to help! I couldn't believe the level of service I received from this place. Somehow I ended up with a nail in my tire and they were able to plug it free of charge! I really couldn't have asked for a better experience and when I need new tires I will definitely be back. Don't hesitate to go here!
5	Great place to get your tires rotate and balance if you purchase tires either at this location or another Discount Tire location.Scheduled an appointment the night before to get a tire rotations, balances, and tire pressures check at 2pm.  Finished my meeting early and called them to see if I can move my appointment up, John answered the phone, believe he is one of the managers.  Told me sure, bring my car over, stop by, provided my info and his techs went to work on my vehicle.  In and out of the shop within 30 minutes.Great place to work with and they will beat any local competitors pricing.  Especially Costco and Sam's Club.  I would not go anywhere else!
