3	When I first saw a drive-through Starbucks...I was ecstatic.  I think there is only one drive-through in Cali which I heard was in Livermore (which was very far from where I used to live so I never even knew)It sure made it very convenient esp for those with kids or if it's too hot to get out or if the weather is sucky...drive-through is the way to go. But I have been very disappointed lately with the service at Starbucks.Maybe because there are new people there or they are just too wired to actually pay attention to my order to get it right.I will go to Starbucks in the am and order the same thing.  50% of the time they will get it right. How hard is it to make a VENTI ICED AMERICANO WITH AN ADD SHOT, TOFFEE NUT SYRUP AND CREAM.  One time they used hazelnut...i know my syrups!!!..One time it was too sweetOne time they gave me someone else's drinkOne time it was almost like a latte - all milkOne time I actually had to go back and got the right one. I love Starbucks...but come on now....aren't all the drinks supposed to be uniform according to how it is ordered????My drink is simple....I don't want to have to accuse of someone slippin some kahlua in the baristas drinks before shift!!!
2	OVERPRICED!!! What a rip off!Regular coffee in a very well marketed logo cup. That is what Starbucks coffee is all about. Take a way the brand name and you might as well drink Sanka. What the hell is the deal with the tip cube???? You want your employees to make more money. Then raise your prices because I am not tipping someone just for selling me coffee. Make your own cup of coffee at home or go to a gas station. Not worth the $$$$$$
5	The crew is the best! As soon as I walk in someone is already making my drink! Thank you guys for getting my day started right!
5	I love Starbucks!!!! U can never go wrong with a good Starbucks coffee in the morning to start your day. :)
4	I'm able to get a venti iced coffee with milk or green tea (unsweetened) for under $3 in this hot ass day. Free iced water too. Minus one star for long lines in the drive-thru. #winning
4	Always friendly and quick. I'm in and out within minutes no matter how crowded or time of day. They help find me vegan options and are always willing to alter my drinks. Whoo!
4	The staff is very nice
4	Coffee always taste burned.......   Staff are really good and service is spot on every time!  They want you to leave happy and I like that in customer service!
4	Friendly staff, great coffee... The only drawback is even when it is slow there is always a wait for coffee. Other than that if you have a couple extra minutes stop in for a great cup of coffee of three...
3	Typical Starbucks, even without a line it took a long time to get your coffee but then again I think there was a line around the building in the drive through.
1	The most convenient Starbucks, but unfortunately, management needs to spend more time with their employees. Got my name name wrong after spelling out (MARTIN is not a difficult name to spell), asked for several pastries and got served one, and apparently a caramel macchiato doesn't have caramel at this location. On a positive note, I got a beautiful smile from one of the beautiful girls working there, which is the reason for the one star.
2	This is the closest location to my place so I go here often. Staff's normally pleasant. I've only gone inside once and they were pretty rude, so it's the drive thru for me now. Not much of a long wait. I'm weird so even during the summer I drink hot coffee. Never a problem there. I tried the treat receipt or whatever it is called and ordered a cold beverage (passion something?)  it was really watered down. Not refreshing at all. I'll stick with my white chocolate mocha, at least they know how to make that right.
1	I go to Starbucks all over and this one is super slow and super rude. This is def the worst starbucks in town!!! Avoid it like the plague!!!
4	Always a different experience I guess it just depends on whose working. Thank goodness for drive through Starbucks!
1	As a former Sbux barista, I know the job can be taxing especially when it's busy so I usually cut baristas some slack. That being said, this is the WORST sbux location I have EVER been too. Painfully slow, not friendly, lack of menu knowledge, forgetful...I could literally go on and on. You can tell the employees are not happy especially since this location has one of the highest turnover rates in the city! There is someone new there almost every week and there are always grossly undertrained. I know it's great to treat your regulars like family but if you are not one of the four men that go there every single day and sit there for hours, these baristas do not car about you. This location is walking distance from my home so I go there out of convenience (and fairly often I hate to admit) I order regular coffee and not one of them remembers my name or my drink. Just a bad experience overall every time I go there. I'm going to start driving the 10/15 minutes out my way just to go somewhere else.
2	This is the only Starbucks in my neighborhood so I go here by default. Friendly enough staff but they are consistently sooooo slow :(
4	one of the good Starbucks in this area, good service, quick, if you don't feel like going inside, there's always the drive thru
2	I usually come here every morning on my way to work. The staff is friendly and when I go into the store it's always clean. The drive thru is 80% of the time very slow. I've waited 15 minutes for coffee stuck in the drive thru with a moderate/shorter line. I don't know what they do behind the scenes after you order, but they need to pick up the pace.
4	I like the new decor and set up, except it will get too crowded with their center display by the register.I purchased my typical hot caramel macchiatto with non fat milk.  They did add more tables but removed the comfy chairs.
1	I was there twice in the last three days. Encountered I think their manager who was frantically running around the place. I waited over 10 minutes for a simple ice tea. When I questioned that my drink was late and might have been forgotten she said, we're busy. Welcome to Starbucks! In an exasperated tone I would not drive out of my way for that experience again.
1	If you have to be somewhere this is one of the slowest drive thru lines ever , even the wait inside is pretty long .
4	I enjoy coming to this Starbucks and never have had a real bad experience. I look forward to the greets & small talk of a retired group of biker men, who hang out every day for their morning cup of Joe. The staff is friendly, they pretty know my usual drinks of choice, and most of them know my name. My only main complaint is why bother having 2 cash registers if your only going to use one!!!! Even when the line is long...there is only one cashier taking and ringing up orders!!! Please have a 2nd cashier!!!It would make the line go so much faster!!! This is why I only gave 4 stars instead of 5 stars!!!
1	Apparently you cannot order the traveler through the drive-through even though it does not state that anywhere on the menu and if you go inside to order the traveler the clerks get upset and sigh as though your an inconvenience to them.  No customer service.
2	I come to this Starbucks every day, thru the drive thru. And everyday they can never hear me, so I'm always repeating at least twice. I order the same drink every day, 8 times out 10, it tastes different. Same drink just something is always off day after day. So frustrating. The other HUGE deal, the drive thru is a ridiculous wait! Whether it be 3 cars or 10, give yourself at least 10 min to get thru the line, at least! Up here in southern Highlands there isn't a lot to choose from, with anything but I can guarantee if there was a coffee bean next store, I'd be there!
2	My husband and I truly are lovers of this brand however I think it is a flawed process. The drive thru line on any given day is 10-20 minutes which seems very long to me for what should be a faster experience than say walking in grabbing a table and sitting to enjoy your coffee. The employees are very friendly and the coffee is amazing. Just steer clear of the drive thru if you are in a hurry.
5	Starbucks store was clean people friendly open till 10pm. Nice place to just sit read and sip on your cup of joe. They offered me a free refill while the young lady was cleaning the store on her shift. All I can say not to many places will offer you that has a clean around you.
3	My drinks are always made correctly here, and the place looks great, post recent remodel, but I echo the sentiment of other reviews: this is one of the slowest drive thrus I have ever experienced. I don't know if it is because the breakfast item options slowed the process, or if there is no sense of urgency, or what. Usually the customer service is friendly and seems sincere.
1	Just went thru the drive-thru with one car in front of me. Watched as 4 employees took a group photo (outside of the building) while we all waited in line. It took 10 minutes to get my drink because they were playing photographer - really??? Starbucks, I expected more from you. Especially when I'm paying $2.50 for an iced tea!
1	This is my neighborhood Starbucks. Service here is horrible. Since moving to this area I have only been to this location 5 times and so far 5 / 5 times they got my drink wrong  and its not a hard drink to make - Iced Chai with an add shot of expresso. They seem to get confused by the expresso part.  Chick working the drive through is rude and impatient, cut me off before I was even done my order the last time.Oh well, I make better coffee at home anyways.
1	This is the worst disorganized Starbucks I have ever gone to in the afternoons. Lots of employees who don't go out of their way to move rapidly or at all two registers and one  untrained staff member working. Definitely need some supervision or  management there after 2:00pm. Will never go there again after three attempts.
1	Please fix this Starbucks.  It is impossibly slow.  This is my neighborhood spot and I can't wait for 15 minutes for 6 cars in the drive through.   The staff is very friendly but there is no urgency.   I've even gone inside to watch and where other Starbucks have people working together to make items it seems like this one has 6 different people doing 6 different tasks very slowly with no sign of organization.   Fix this Stsrbucks, please!!!!!!
1	Pretty sure this is the slowest one on the planet. Also, I'm pretty sure I have never received a verbal "thank you," despite my frequent patronage. The inside is slow because the drive thru takes precedence, yet the drive through is interminable. They also don't have a dog water bowl.  I think I'll drive the extra mile over to Perk Up.
2	This review is for 10.30.2014.I stopped by before work around 10:30am for Green Tea Lemonade.I understand it was not a slow day, and I don't mind the lack of smiles and greetings, even the wait.But I got the Green Tea Latte instead of Green Tea Lemonade. After I reflected the mistake, the agent looked at me coldly without saying a word. Right before she redid me the right one, she made another wrong drink, and no one ordered it.I doubt if Starbucks still holds its golden branding after the two bad experiences back to back in different locations.The only things stay the same are No warming services and No accuracy or efficiency of the orders.
3	I only frequent this Starbucks because it's in a convenient location for me. Otherwise, I would not go here. If you go during peak hours, be prepared to wait. If you have somewhere to be or wanted to stop by here before getting to work, give yourself some time. Line will sometimes extend out to the Walgreens drive through pharmacy and the inside won't be any shorter.Service kinda sucks here and the baristas are not the friendliest but oh well... Now for the drinks, just like other places, they're made inconsistently. Rarely do I think my drink was delicious but I always give them the benefit of the doubt for their seasonal flavors. But majority of the time, drinks here taste watered down even after adding an extra shot of espresso. I will say that I have never gotten my drink order messed up though!Overall, this is my go to spot if I need a quick caffeine fix that's near home and don't feel like driving far for some better coffee. This place isn't the best but it gets the job done.
1	This review its dated: 1.4.15I decided to order a smoothie instead of a coffee this time to try it out. That was a bad idea. First off the guy at the bar asked one of the other workers how tho make it, I ordered the Orange and mango, it tasted like straight whey protein and water no flavor at all. I Will stick to my coffee from now on.
