4	Thanks for the reco Joel, you rock!! Would also like to thank the the owners of Tortas El Guerro for opening a location closer to me than 16th street!! Woohoo!!I have a long standing relationship with Tortas El Guerro. They make some of the best tortas in town at some of the best prices. You know you've hit the gold mine when you're the only white boy in the place!! Starting out at 16th Street then branching out, Ive managed to visit all their locations. So when I saw that Joel posted this I nearly wet myself!  Ordered the Cubana, ($6.50) which had ham, cheese, pork leg and beef milanesa! This was a hefty man size sandwich that's a pretty tall order to shove into your mouth. Fortunately I have an unhinging jaw (well not really but sounds kind of cool like a snake or something) so I was able to eat it sort of neatly, I actually pressed it down a little, lol. The flavors were fresh and well seasoned. A topping of their avocado salsa really hit the spot but be warned, it truly is spicy. In fact I wasn't  expecting it, actually brought a tear to my eye, very nice!Also order a Alebre Quesadilla ($5.99) which was stuffed full of steak, onions, peppers, bacon and cheese. Each stringy cheesy melty bite was sheer gluttony after having the Cubana. Next time, Ill only order one or the other. Egads!I really liked the space. While it was clearly the shell of a Wendy's I liked that they added some rustic plank flooring and tight subtle lighting. Very comfortable, friendly and super clean!  Looking forward to visiting again soon, love this place!P.S. they have a drive thru!
4	So I tried this place today and I was extremely impressed!  I'd had tortas before at a couple of the 'bertos places and while they were okay, they were nothing spectacular.  This place was delicious.  Everything on the menu sounded pretty good, but I ended up with the cubana torta and an alambre taco.  While the tacos was very small, it was very good.  The cubana torta was very good as well.  It was humongous!!!  I couldn't even finish the whole thing and I'm a girl that can eat, trust me, I'm from Texas!!!  It was full of meat and it had lots of avocado on it, which I loved.  Let me just warn you about the avocado looking sauce on the salsa bar.  That stuff is hot.  It's good, but it's very, very hot!  Just looking at it, you would think it wold be a mild sauce since it looks like a creamy avocado, but believe me, this is not for people that can't stand the heat!  It took me aback for a second because I seriously wasn't expecting that type of heat.  I still have a bit of sweat on my brow from it right now as I type this review.  Overall, this place is very good and I can't wait to try the quesadillas because they look pretty darn good themselves.  I also have to say the people that work there are very nice and friendly as well.  Bottom line, this place is excellent and I will definitely go back in the near future!
3	Tried this place based on reviews of fellow Yelpers and while the service is superior, the atmosphere is severely lacking (too cafeteria-like) and the food is good, but not exceptional. I tried the Cochinita (Sweet & Salty Pork) Torta, my first ever torta. It had a nice taste but the bread didn't seem that fresh to me. I was expecting more.
5	okay, okay, i admit it!  you got me!  i've been in az for a decade and have NEVER had a torta.  *hangs head in shame*UNTIL THIS PLACE!srsly, the asada torta is my new crack.  i am hooked on that shit like a fat kid on cupcakes.  big, gooey, chocolately, covered in sprinkles cupcakes.you don't need the limes.  you don't need the uber-spicy green shit.  you just need The Torta.  it's soft, moist, got a lil kick and is PACKED with flavor.  honestly, you have to eat it to understand.i got it two days in a row...that's how good it is.yeah, now, after writing this, i think it's what i want for dinner.  fuck you, homemade chicken salad.  mama wants torta for dinner.
5	I tried a torta for the first time last night based on the reviews that I read on Yelp about this place. Well I wasn't disappointed - I had the cochinita torta and it was DELICIOUS!  yummy shredded pork with a mildly spicy sauce, shredded lettuce, tomato, avacado, mayo and peppers on an awesomely fresh roll.   My torta was prepared in minutes and the young women at the counter that helped me was very friendly.  I can't wait to go back and sample some of the other torta options.  Truth be told I wish I could head out right now and get another ... it was that good.
5	I've been back several times since my first visit and the food and service are just as good. Drive-thru is very convenient.  We've tried several more variety of tortas and the hard tacos and nothing has disappointed us. We've noticed that the tortas are better if you can eat them there because the bread gets a little soggy on the transport home but they still have the same great taste.
4	While flipping through last year's 50 Best Dishes issue of Phoenix Magazine, I saw that this place won the 'Best Sandwich' category. Being not only a fan of sandwiches but tortas specifically, I had to check this place out. A friend of mine treated me to The Cubana, the award-winning sandwich. It was good looking but not as handsome as the sandwich pictured in the magazine (not surprising). Torta half in one hand (it was big) and a chile toreado in the other (Free at the salsa bar!  Win!), I began to pig-out.  While I was chowing on the delicious, grilled-to-crisp roll filled with various pork products, queso fresco, avocado and the usual sandwich veggies, my friend asked, "Is it number one?" I replied with a peace-sign gesture, the number two. Though the sandwich tasted good, was worth the price and is my new fast-food of choice while in the Arcadia area, it does not trump The Del Rey from Los Reyes De La Torta, overall. However, Los Reyes is a full-service joint and consuming more then one Del Rey in a three-month period will result in morbidly high cholesterol numbers. Thus, I will no doubt be dragging my friend to Tortas El Guero, regularly.
