4	Great american cuisine in a friendly bar setting! Very relaxed atmosphere.
3	We sort of stumbled onto the Aspinwall Grill while looking for a lunch spot. I had the meatloaf special while my companion ordered a burger. The meatloaf was a good portion even for lunch. I opted for the veggies instead of a potato and they were OK. Anything smothered in brown gravy is AOK! My colleague's burger was very good as evidenced by the empty plate.The Aspinwall has a nice neighborhood bar feel to it and yes the service was not quick but we always had fresh drinks and a couple of check backs. Nice beer selection as well. I would imagine this is a good locate for watching a game.If you park at a metered spot feed the meter as our server said they do ticket and tow. Make sense as the police station is right there as well. All in all a nice find for two out of towners.
4	We love this place and have for years.  They have great wings, and their ribs are in my top 3 favorite in the Pittsburgh area.  I decided not to give it five stars because the service can sometimes be slow, but it is always friendly.
4	Typical burger joint feel to the place- very relaxed.  Delicious burgers, mediocre fries, relatively slow service.
4	Stopped here while waiting on an oil change at the Jiffy Lube nearby. Staff was friendly. My chicken wings were cooked nice and crispy, seasoning was right on. Nice little place, relatively inexpensive. Free WiFi is a nice feature.
4	Went to Burgatory and they said there was a 1hr wait. We nope'd outta there to Aspinwall. Clean diner-bar. Seems like a popular hang out for the older folks in the area. Our server was definitely a lifer. Very quick and helpful. Perhaps even the best service I've had in the Burgh. My House burger was delicious. The chips were excellent. The fries pretty good too. Tons of beers on tap. My meal (Burger + nice beer + 1/2 appetizer) came in at around $15, so not bad at all.
4	Good food, excellent service
4	I was visiting Pittsburgh with my Mom for my bridal shower and our good friends said this was a great place to grab a casual meal. They were right. It is by no means a fancy place but a great local town pub/bar kind of place. I had their grilled cheese and it was one of the best I have ever had.
