4	Beijing is a proper restaurant with the ability to take out. So few Chinese restaurants go for the restaurant feel these days settling for the fast food set up. So for me that gives them two stars. The dcor is an odd mix of formal style tables and chairs with gold Chinese imagery wall paper and two differently shaped hanging lights though out. An odd mix that seems to work. I think this place has been open a week or so. When seated I was asked if this suites me, not very often does that happen. It did. The server was quick and efficient; either friendly or unfriendly as he was the only server and taking care of everyone well. The bus person refilled my drink and kept an eye on my glass. I ordered a lunch special which comes with a choice of soup, white or fried rice and an egg roll and crab puff. My choice was the Szechuan Shrimp (onion, carrots and peas) I honestly do not know if the carrots were from frozen or not as they tasted as they should, but were so precisely cut. I do know the onions were fresh. The shrimp were cooked well as they were tender and tasted like shrimp, the sauce although a bit orange in color was tasty with a nice heat to it. I chose the fried rice which was a very light fry. It was fine. The egg roll was pretty good as was the crab puff and I do not like crab puffs, but this one has actual filling in it. I also opted for the hot sour soup, it had the usual ingredients and well balanced. So yes I did enjoy my lunch, no not the very best I have had but good enough to go back as long as it stays at this level or better.
4	My husband and I have been looking for a good Chinese restaurant (preferably with take out or delivery) near our house for almost two years with no success.  I think we've found a winner folks!It's located on the end of a strip mall (surprise, surprise) and is comfortable and clean on the inside.  The staff is very nice and attentive.  We wanted to test out a little of everything, so we ordered the BBQ pork, egg rolls, pot stickers, orange chicken, and szechuan beef.  We both thought the egg rolls were really good.  I thought the BBQ pork was better than he did and the reverse happened with the pot stickers.  The orange chicken had great flavor (real orange, not just a courtesy peel on the plate to make you think so).  It was a little heavy on the sauce, but we would definitely order it again.  The szechuan beef was good, but I would try a different dish next time.We'll definitely be back and to try some new great things.  It's not the best I've had, but it serves it's purpose as a neighborhood go-to.
2	Our 1st attempt to try this new eatery was their 1st weekend and was a disaster as they were completely over-whelmed and we walked after a long wait without even having a chance to order.  So a few weeks later we gave them another chance and well, it certainly was not as busy and got to order in a normal amount of time.  The food thou was just OK, the Tasty Asian Kitchen is MUCH better and was again just OK.
4	i wanted to try this place the last time we were in AZ but never got a chance. tonight i dragged 6 of the 12 of us over to give it a shot. i'd only driven by it and it could have easily been fast food, but to my satisfied hopes it was sit down. everything was really good and very fresh. the food was very well cooked, the fried stuff wasn't over done, and the sauces were a little bit thick, but not like that candy crap you get some cheapy places. try it out.. it's worth the extra buck or two.
5	We visit this restaurant at least once a week. Everything is always hot and fresh. Nice friendly people who run it and everything we have tried there has been great. I definetely recommend it for anyone who loves good Chinese food . Go here and vote for them  http://www.top100chineserestaurants.com/vote/restaurant.asp?id=509944220
5	Finally a good sit-down Asian restaurant that does takeout too. Their kung pao chicken is excellent - better than any I've had in the valley over the past 10+ years. The appetizers are great; really everything I've tasted has been great. Friendly staff will go out of their way to provide a pleasant experience. They were just recognized as one of the top 100 Asian restaurants in the U.S. Definitely check this one out!
5	Ok, I've seen this place for a while now, and even thrown away the flyers that someone handed outside of Fry's.  Well, I was craving Chinese Food from watching Big Bang Theory episodes, and thought of this place.  After reading the reviews I thought, worth a shot.  WOW WOW.  I'm so glad I did.  So far, all reviews are accurate, place is not much, but you can sit down at a clean table if didn't call ahead and wait for your food, that's still only about a 10 min wait.  You could eat there, but I didn't see anyone, just people like me, coming, reading the menu and sitting and waiting.  Since I'm in the delivery zone, I'll probably never set foot in there again - and I can't wait to have them again.  Food was super fresh.  Chicken, beef shrimps, none of it was skimpy, plenty of the protein you asked for along with the freshest veggies.  I was skeptic, but all reviews are accurate, the freshness of the veggies really surprised me, they had a snap to them vs the sign they've been in the liquid a while, so it's great.  I can't wait to try more next time !  Definitely good to keep these small business open, great prices, good food, great location (for me) so I will definitely become a loyal customer.
3	-Friendly service, very attentive, slow to bring bill.-Food was average, a bit on the extreme salty side.-Prices were a bit high, but they offer evening dinner specials for $6.99.-Server talked us into ordering the Wonton soup-Large was $7.95 with skimpy portions (a few wontons, sliced chicken, tough beef, 2-3 shrimp, half cup of cabbage) and lots of bland broth. Not worth the price.-Restroom clean, but no soap in Women's restroom.-Decor was very nice.-Parking is very convenient.-Next door to a Barber shop.
5	I had the Creaky Chicken for lunch and was very happy with it. It is a simple dish like orange chicken, but was done well. They were quick to refill my ice tea and I did not wait long at all to get my bill once I was done. I will definitely be back.The inside is nice as well. There is quite a bit of artwork, good quality furniture, and some unique hanging lantern (not sure how else to describe them) lighting fixtures.
4	+Very nice interior; classical Chinese theme with some modern tones.+Calming place to dine.+Food was pretty good, made well, and usually served fast.+Good location; easy to locate and easy to find parking.-Prices are a tad bit high, even considering their ample portions.
5	We have eaten here a number of times and the food is outstanding. Even the beef is extremely tender...I don't know how they do it. A smidge more expensive than your average place, but well worth the extra .50.  Service is laudable, very friendly staff.
5	Winner Winner Chicken Fried Dinner!Thank you other yelponies for leading me to this glorious fine dining palace. I really doubted this place was any good from the outside and honestly the reviews pushed me to try and it really is as good as it gets in the Goodyear area. My wife and I ordered the pork lo mein, the orange chicken, and the general tzou's chicken. All three dishes were decently priced, well flavored, and had generous portions. The lo mein had the perfect amount of oil texture with strong authentic flavor and wonderful tasting pork strips.The orange chicken tasted more of citrus then of spice which is my wife's ideal plate ( I had to dump chili oil on it, BAM, but it was very good with or without it) The General's chicken did not surrender and was fantastic with the perfect amount of spice and seasoning while surrounded by well placed and cooked broccoli. Dishes range from 7-10 dollars each most in the middle of the range at 8.95The culture inside of the restaurant was nice and classy and reminded me of those trips overseas stopping all over Asia. This is bar far the best I have had in goodyear and is more than worth the try.
4	My mom kept telling me about this new Chinese restaurant that opened, so I finally met her for lunch there. She is taking classes at Estrella Mountain Community College and I teach English classes there, so this restaurant was conveniently located for us to meet up for lunch! :) It's just up the street, and the service is fast!It seemed like most people were ordering take-out, as we were pretty much the only 2 people dining in. Another man came in and had lunch by himself, and as we were leaving a family was coming in to eat there. All others were take-out orders, but there were quite a few of them! Always a good sign, I think. The lovely lady who took care of us (I forget her name) seemed to be running the entire joint, and did pretty much everything aside from cooking our food. She was the only employee we saw the whole time, and she was acting as a hostess, a waitress, and was taking phone calls for take-out orders in between it all. To top it all off, she was also extremely polite and made sure we were happy/taken care of! Lots of refills, lots of visits to see how we were doing/how the food was, etc. We were very pleased with our service, and I was impressed with how busy she was. I don't think she stopped moving the whole time we were there, and she still had a smile on her face :)My mom has been there several other times and noticed no difference in service than what I've just described. During busier times in the dining area (dinnertime on weekends, for example) they have observed the same quality and speed of service that we did during the not-so-busy weekday lunchtime. My little brother even liked it, and he's pretty picky! ;) I definitely recommend this place if you're in the area.
4	Still good after all this time.
4	The "Creeky" dishes threw us a bit, but it's a place with good food, fast and considerate service, and very good value.  Their Hot and Sour Soup is the best we've found in the Valley and the dumplings are meaty.  One knock is that the food is not spicy for "Beijing" fare.Bottom line: The value and speed makes this a great place for work lunches.  The good food is perfect for when you are just in the mood for comfort food and don't want to cook.  And the staff is very kind to little kids.  The owner couple kind of dote on our toddler daughter.
5	Stopped in while running errands.  They had 2 dinner specials so we had both.  The entrees were excellent with lots of meat (not all filler).  A great find.
2	Our experience was totally different. If I rated on just the food, I would give it 3 stars; however, the service was terrible.  We come in, the waitress points to where we need to sit and she brings a high chair for us.  She asks us what we want to drink; we said water and from then on she just acted like a total B.  And I use this word quite sparingly so believe me when I was not happy at all with her attitude.  We have a kid, we know it's going to get messy so we are usually very kind to the wait staff so I know it wasn't us.  We order 3 lunch specials and all three should come with soup.  We only get two.  I asked about the third and she just seemed totally unhappy I even mentioned it.  I don't get it, especially since all the other reviews have been decent about their service.  Never got a refill on my water.  I think the hubby did once.  Never asked how we were doing.  They weren't even busy.  Towards the end she seemed nicer but the first impression was already made.  Maybe she just finished with a crappy customer or something.  I'll give them a second shot.They are reasonably priced.  We haven't had a lunch under $20 (before tip)
2	Had lunch with a friend here recently.  I can't really say that I had anything that really stood out.  It did bother me that I was unable to take my soup home with me.  I normally only take eat a few spoonfuls of my soup then take the rest home to my daughter who loves it.  I do this at most Chinese restaurants I go to.  And I know if you order take out the soup is not included.  But this is the first time I have had someone tell me I couldn't take my soup home because it free so it can't leave the restaurant.  If they had told me that they don't have containers for me to take it home I would have understood.  But to say I can't take it because it was free to me was annoying.  Maybe I should have brought my own Tupperware.  I won't go back.
3	Just a small little restaurant in the neighborhood and the food is outstanding.  I enjoy eating the Walnut Chicken, Sweet and Sour Pork, Mango Chicken, Crab Ragoons.The staff is fair.  Our waiter has always been super nice.
4	One thing to say about this place: the wonton soup is DIVINE! Best I've ever had. The food is okay to me but I really just come back for the soup. The waitress kind of scares me, but she's nice enough. Seriously, try the soup!
4	Great fried rice and Mongolian beef! The only thing I didn't care for was the orange chicken it tasted weird.
4	Very good chinese food. The only issue I had was with the Orange Chicken and General Chow dish, as their chicken breading or oil tasted weird. The fried rice and Mongolian beef is MONEY!
4	Its a nice place for lunch food was good...only problem not enough rice..
3	Wonderful hot and sour soup, best I've had in the valley in years. Fair prices, large soup 2 dinner meals and 2 drinks for thirty bucks. Service just isn't good, never has been.
4	Solid place for Chinese. Good size portions. I will agree with other yelpers that their side of steamed rice is very small. Prices are going rate about $10 an entree.We ate in for a late dinner. We ordered beef chow fun, pork fried rice, and creaky chicken. They also gave us a cup of soup and a little dessert thing that was like a wonton wrapped banana topped with honey and sesame.The chow fun was fantastic. The beef was super tender!! The other dishes were very good also. I was pleasantly surprised by the little sweet snack at the end of the meal.
5	Excellent.  Service was fast, the food was tasty and served hot.  Server was very nice.  Decor was relaxing.  My Chinese date liked it and the food was cooked by Asians.  I've been there twice and had good experiences both times.  I will return.
3	Location and decor is great, food is good, but service is horrible! There was nobody but us and another family in the restaurant and the waitress walked around banging the plates super loud on the rest of the tables - extremely rude- and when she asked us our order she was yelling at us. When she came around with the water and our entrees she smacked it on the table and walked away. Food and portions of the entrees are good, but the rice portion was extremely small. I will never sit and eat here, perhaps will take it to go.
5	Been here a few times now and really like it. Dinning room is nice and welcoming plus never too crowded.  Staff is nice, seem abrupt but says something about maintaining culture which in I personally enjoy. Now onto the food, orange chicken best ever it's like real orange zest not some gooey sauce. General Tso's chicken great, great fried rice and appetizers. Skip the big expensive chains and give this a try!
5	Food fresh and light! Full of flavor. Best egg drop soup I've ever had! Jason had a full house and still managed to keep diners happy! Will come here for sure on my next visit to Phoenix! Kaari's new go to for Chinese!
4	I read some of the reviews and saw a couple of things that were SPOT ON-  My wife and I have been here MANY times and have experienced the hostess/waitress/OWNER.  My wife would not allow us to dine-in here for over a year because of the way she treated us while dining.  Unfortunately for me, the food is THAT good..especially for  Chinese here in the west valley.  After a year of me sneaking over there for lunch and getting "to-go's" only for dinner, my wife finally gave us the green light to return for dine in....the only stipulation is I have all communications with this woman.  Knowing what we are going to be dealing with before we get there has now made our dining experience somewhat comical as we watch this woman work.  It makes us smile as we watch her interact with customers  that are not use to her behavior...worth the show to attend...I will be going back this Friday..Try the beishing pork chop sweet and sour style...AMAZING !!!!
2	I hate to give a restaurant a less than favorable review especially when the the majority of reviews have been positive. However,the food at Beijing Chinese Restaurant just wasn't that good.What I first noticed as I walked into Beijing restaurant was how uncomfortably hot it was inside.  It felt as if the air conditioning was turned off.  I was glad I had placed a take out order.  The restaurant was empty but it still took several minutes for someone to help me.  The staff wasn't very friendly but maybe it was due to how uncomfortable it was inside.On my first visit to Beijing I ordered 2 Seasme chicken lunch specials and an order of Beef Chow Fun.  The noodles and the beef in the Beef Chow Fun were greasy and tasteless.  The noodles were stuck together in a pile. The spring rolls were cooked nicely but just did not have a nice taste the same could be said about the crab puff. The Seasme chicken wasn't great but it wasn't the worse I have had.I could not give Beijing Chinese a positive review but in a  pinch you could do worse.
5	I have been here several times and it is usually the same great experience. The food is always excellent and the staff is always attentive. I must say that I have read a lot of complaints about the staff and I must disagree. If you look at our behavior from their perspective, Americans are the ones being rude and obnoxious. The problem is that in their culture, it is more rude to say anything about our behavior than our behavuor is rude. Instead it is coustom to tolerate it and/or make it obvious by doing something rude in return. I understand that this restaurant is in America; but, we must understand we are in their restaurant and treat them with the respect they deserve. If you want to make a good impression in order to have better service, I suggest the following simple rules:1) Always take anything handed to you with both hands. Anything else is considered rude. In fact, you are basically telling them you are better than they are if you only use one hand.2) Never allow the dirty ends of used chop sticks to touch the table. This assumes you use them; but, is the same for any eating utensil. It is a sign of disrespect to place the dirty end of an eating utensil on the table. Furthermore, it signifies you do not like the food prepared for you. It can also be taken as you do not trust them to prepare your food or several other negative meanings.3) If you are adventurous and budget is not a primary concern, it is always best to ask for the lead host and/or chef to choose your dinner for you. If you do this, do not open your menu. Rather when the orders are taken, hand the host your menu with both hands and ask them for their reccomendation. You must tell them of any food allergies as well as what type of beverage you would like with your meal. For example, alcohol,  tea, hot, cold, etc... try not to be specific as it narrows their possibilities for making an unforgettable meal.If you follow these basic rules, the staff will be much nicer and the food will be even better.
1	Absolutely appalled by the lady at the front, who after reading reviews, I believe is the owner. I went in a few weeks ago and ordered a own ton soup to go. $10 for broth, cabbage, and wontons. I get home and it's barely filled half way. Figured I would try again tonight. I walk in, the lady immediately walks away. After standing at the desk for a few minutes she returns and says 'what do you want'. My of Mongolian beef came rather quick. The issue arose when I asked for some hot mustard and soy sauce. After she yelled at me that there was already soy sauce in the bag, I asked if I could have a few more. She literally threw the mustard at me, and gave me 1 more packet of soy sauce. I asked for a few more to which she informed me she already gave me some. I asked for more and she gave me 1 more and walked away. I said 'really?' To which she replied 'really'! I was perplexed by the whole situation. After I left I decided to call, and let her know that she was rude. She said okay and hung up on me. Never have I experienced anything like this. To too it off, my $13 Mongolian beef was slather in sauce and grease. Will not be returning.
4	A passable Chinese place, decor was nice and typical of your Chinese restaurant. Went on a Friday night and there were few patrons there although they seemed to be doing a good take away service. Ordered the Chicken Lo Mein, but want some vegetables with it, so I asked if I could have the Chop Suey (as it came with vegetables) only with noodles ?  Answer was..."no chop suey vegetables, add vegetables to Lo Mein, two dollars more", so, rather than have a language based dispute, I said, sure go ahead, I will pay the extra two bucks.  The dish was good, not great, but was a bit watery. It did have a good amount and variety of vegetables and the portion was adequate. It did need some spice so I asked for some hot mustard and was given it in packets.  Thus far Beijing Garden is in the Good category, but I am still looking for other Chinese places that have food that I can rave about.
5	Good, fresh Chinese food at reasonable prices. The lunch specials are around $6-$8 and for that price you get an entree with rice, an egg roll, a crab puff, your choice of soup, and crispy wontons.
