2	I am not the mani-pedi girl that I would love to be.  I am envious of the girls in my BodyFlow class who have perfectly painted piggies every day.  So...when I do finally have a REASON to get one, I want it to live up to it's reputation.  The salon I go to does not do nails so they recommended Njoy Nails to me for when my girlfriend's from college were coming out for a long overdue visit.  I stopped by a week in advance to see if they had availability for all three of us together on a Thursday. No problem!Thursday comes and its the busiest I have ever seen the shop.  I go to Basha's next door it seems every other day.  We look around and there ARE three chairs available for pedicures but they are all spread out.  Ohhh, they forgot that we wanted to be together.  Luckily, there were some very nice women who changed their seats so that we could chit chat together.  C'mon, it's been 5 years since we've seen each other!  So, they sit us all down together and a tech comes over and starts to work on me.  Great, but my girlfriends are just sitting there.  No water, nothing.  After a few minutes pass, I ask if they are going to get their own tech.  We are told yes.  About 10 minutes pass before my friend on the left gets a girl and 15 before my friend on the right gets help.  This is ridiculous!  There are three levels of pedicures and we all choose the middle level which is supposed to have a longer massage and callous removal included.  The massage was half hearted and not satisfying at all.  I must admit that my feet were wonderfully soft and my polish is still in strong competition with the gym girl's after 3 weeks.  Despite that, I don't know if I'll return.  If I want to pay almost $40, I'll go to a salon instead of a nail place.
5	I've gone to N'Joy quite a few times recently. I love their pedicures, eye brow waxing, and they have a great kids' pedi that includes art. For the 4th of July my girls' got red and blue toes with white stars. For back to school they got their school colors, red and black, with white flowers. They are also really sweet with my two year old that I keep next to me in her stroller.
1	This place stinks just like the service!! I have tried them again and again hoping it would get better but NO! The wait is so long as a walk-in so I started making appointments which didn't help either. Still watied 30min and walked out! Pedicures are poor along with the massage. If you ask for one tech for the pedi/mani they now make you use one person for pedi and another for the mani. Why you ask...to get better tips! 105 outside and they have their doors open with NO air conditioning! Hotter than anything sweating and they think that's a nice atmosphere for their clients. Do they care about their customers NO only the cash in their pockets!My advice - don't go here try a salon or another place! Horrible!!
4	I've been coming to this salon for a while and I've had a great experience every time. It is usually busy... But it's worth the wait. I love Kim! She does an awesome job! :)
5	There are several  bad reviews complaining about this place. Reviewers have written about the service and long wait times. Think about this, if it is so terrible, why are they always so busy? I LOVE the job all of the technitions do! For those complaining about the wait times, don't be ridiculous and simply schedule an appointment.
3	I seem to keep going back here because it is so close to my house.  I have to say, it is not my favorite place to have my nails done though.  I don't always feel like it is as clean as it can be.  I guess it depends on who you have helping you.  I am a total fanatic about this kind of stuff, especially when it comes to my nails!  I would like it if they sanitized the foot tubs better before I sat down.  I don't think that the quick wipe out they do really does anything and it freaks me out.  I do always end up with a nice nail job and the price is decent, but I hesitate because of the sanitation.
5	Holly, the owner, is the best! Most owners can NOT multi-task (answer the phone, welcome customers in, and do nails), but Holly is truly the master! It doesn't matter how busy they are (...and they usually are!), she can do a back fill in less than an hour and they are perfect. In fact, I am one of those people who waits 3-4wks for a fill but they NEVER lift and I still get compliments on how great my nails look. Everyone's nails are different and some are harder on their nails than others but no matter what, if my nail breaks or gel chips (which has happened maybe twice in the 3 years I've been going there), Holly makes it a priority to fix it right away.
5	First time here. They were friendly, gt me right in and did a great job. The tech that did my nail was Kristen and she took her time and gave me a great massage even tho I just asked for the basic cheapest mani and pedi.
