4	The usual Del Taco...inside and out.  Fast and efficient service.  A good location.  Del Taco has amazing and cheaper food...try it!
3	$0.39 tacos?! Yes please.It's not gourmet. It's cheap and it does the trick. Only a few blocks from the Premium Outlets, it's become a favourite spot to grab a quick bite when I'm in the area.What I love more than anything is the Del Taco Inferno hot sauce. I use it at a clip of one packet per taco and take some for the road.Fast and cheap. If you take a cab, be sure to offer your driver a taco or two!
3	Yes, another review for Del Taco.....when I'm on my No Meat diet, this place is on my frequently visited list.  This visit, I got a Veggie Works Burrito, and a Bean Burrito Deluxe.The service was fast and the food was prepared well.  Sometimes they skimp on the ingredients, but this trip they did a great job and the Burritos were tasty.  Overall, not bad.Return Factor - 70%
3	There really isn't a whole lot to say about Del Taco. It's like a low end, more authentic version of Taco Bell that kind of wants to be Roberto's, but also wants to be a Mexican McDonald's. The tacos aren't THAT bad and the fries are ok. I think it goes without saying that you should avoid the American food, burgers and such, at any Mexican eatery. It's a good place to grab some food if it's 3am and you only have a few bucks.
3	This place is just like the other place I reviewed. Nothing different about reviewing this place like the other one so I'm just going to copy and paste my other review from another Del Taco just a few miles down from this one.....This is the new 4th meal baby! Kick that taco bell out the curb and order some chipotle soft/hard tacos. Even them carbon tacos aka. street tacos. I'd take this over Taco Bell any day. I'm not really a fan of fast food, but I like this place alright! Bean burrito with green sauce FTW over taco bell's bean burrito thas fasho.
4	So what awesome things can I say about Del Taco? Well its cheap! And they have yummy crinkle fries!! So normally when I go I get the number 1. Its 2 classic tacos (minus the tomatoes) some crinkle fries, and I usually get a diet coke or a cherry coke! YUM!!I've tried some other items, the quesadillas are ok, and the chicken soft tacos are yummy. But if youre like me, simple, but want a little more taco get the classic!! Its only .99 and it has a ton of meat and cheese!!Its great thats its open late and they have a drive through!! Also, they ALWAYS have coupons!! Alas, I never use them : (Its cheap, yummy, and something quick when you're hungry : )
5	My rating is not so much about the restaurant chain. I give this location five stars. Fast, friendly, consistent, and good. I avoid fast food but, when I do have fast food this is the place.
4	Cheap, quick, and easy. Thats my ideal lover!! How can you not go wrong? But seriously, service is prompt, prices are dirt cheap, and food is good!Anything chicken is great-- my favorite is chicken soft tacos and crinkle cut fries. Definitely trumps taco bell in that category.
4	Good Drunk food.  They actually put cheese in the tacos unlike other locations.
4	This location cooks their fries perfectly, just enough salt and crispy.  I tried the beef taco asado, and this is very yummy!  The chicken soft tacos yummy, the white buttermilk (I think) based sauce) makes these with the marinated chicken.  I loved Naugles (who Del Taco bought) and order the egg and cheese burrito and add beans making it similiar to Naugles egg & bean burrito.  One of my fav fast foods spots!
1	If there is one thing I can't stand, it's paying for food in the drive thru that I don't receive. How f-ing difficult can it be to check the order? And the one time I don't I get screwed. Well screw you, taco trash...eat your well deserved crap rating.
5	This is one of my favorite Del Taco locations.The service is always excellent and my food is always piping hot. I love how quick they make the food to making it a great breakfast/lunch/dinner spot if you are in a break from work. We get coupons like every week in the mail which is nice because they are coupons that are actually worth it and make it easy on your wallet. Not that there prices are high anyway but it is just a bonus.They have had their "Tuesday Taco Night" for years but recently added to it which makes me super happy. You can still get 3 regular tacos (hard or soft) for $1.09 but now you can even get 3 "Taco Deluxe"  (soft or hard) for $2.09. It has lettuce, cheese, sour cream, and salsa. So it is basically a baby "Macho Taco".You can also on Thursday nights get 3 "Grilled Chicken Tacos" for $2.09.I am a sucker for their "Del Scorcho" cause it is a must when I get a Cheddar Quesadilla. They have a e-club and if you sign up you automatically get free Grilled Chicken Quesadillas and other coupons from time to time.You can't go wrong with Del's prices and taste!
2	A big fat taco kinda night. Unfortunately, the not well trained cashier didn't know how to take the order. Food was fast and tasted about as good as any fast food place. Hopefully training will improve the quality of order taking.
1	Thought I would give them another try. Still a lack of training for the kids that take the orders up front. This one was told by manager after my order was placed that he messed up my order. Instead of the manager adjusting the order once the mistake was caught, the over-charge of my meal left me ticked. Will NOT be back. Massive #fail on many levels!
4	good location near Red Rock if you need a snack after/before a show.clean store.quick friendly service. When I mentioned that it was very cold in the store (the thermostat was set at 65'), the cashier asked another employee to turn up the heat a bit which I was so grateful for.Food was cooked to order.
5	Del Taco FTW!I love fast food, well, good fast food and DT is it. I love ordering a small Del Burger, Quesadilla and their awesome, crinkle cut fries. The staff when we drove through were actually very nice, detailed and got everything right. The prices continue to be reasonable. I wish we had Del Taco in Pennsylvania, especially stores like this.
5	Not too sure what else I can say about DT but that I'm addicted to it. I eat here a couple times a week because it is quick, cheap and tastes as good as you can get for a Mexican fast food chain. I always get coupons in the mail and use all but the chicken ones because why people come here for chicken is beyond me. This last time I used a coupon that got me a macho combo burrito for just $2! I was all over that. I change it up from time to time and get it either double wrapped, or all beef no beans, maybe some extra red AND green sauce, it just depends on my mood. The macho combo burrito is filling and not intended for the weak. My wife has a hard enough time finishing a half pound burrito and usually just sticks to the value bean and cheese burrito for only .50 cents. It was Tuesday taco night so I got 6 soft tacos (3 no lettuce for the fur-baby) as well. taco night is every Tuesday from 3pm - 11pm and regular tacos are 3 for $1.09 or you can upgrade to 3 classic tacos for a $1 more. My tacos were as good as always. I also tried this new crunchtada tostada. It tastes like the tostada they already have on the menu, but you can get it with beef or chicken if you don't just want beans, cheese and sauce. The crunchtada was just ok.DT offers different breakfast deals that are worth checking out. Save your receipt to use for a free 1/2 pound bean and cheese in your next visit. Don't forget to save room for caramel cheesecake bites.
4	The food here is pretty good. We are here every week...it has become a sort of ritual for us, and we have never been disappointed. Well, with the food anyway. We are aware of the 'game' they play when ordering in the drive through, but it has gotten so much worse recently. Each item of your order is repeated back to you as you order, with MANY pauses in between, as well as repeated in its entirety again at the end. It is so slow that they actually sound rather incompetent. So much time is wasted placing your order, that when you drive around to the pick up window they immediatley hand you the order and ask for payment. This sounds great, but they don't even give you a chance to put your car in park, or gather your money in order to pay. At first we were pleased with how quickly the order is ready, yet now it has become rather annoying. Just know that if you see a long like at the drive thru, do not worry. Once you get to the pick up window, everything is ready.
3	Ok.   I will admit it.  I'm not big on Mexican food or fast food.   That being said ETL taco is an occasional guilty pleasure.  Big menu and everything doesn't taste the same like Taco Bell    There are actually quite a few thing I like on the menu...  Enough to make it hard to choose some times
4	Never been to a Del Taco in my life... and boy... was I missing out.It's one of the chains that I feel like the food is actually better than "South of the Border" (reference to the old Taco Bell slogan if you're too young to remember).Great food, and it's super fast.   I noticed that through the drive-thru, they actually have a timer set on the drive-thru window.   I actually dislike this method of management for food since sometimes you get some really crappy wrapped up food or what not.   It is fast food, but no reason to completely screw up someone's order due to a timer.However, this is a nice segue to Tex Mex when you want it but don't feel like running down to a Mexican restaurant.
3	We tried Del Taco for the first time last month after a friend shared her fish taco with me. My partner loves Taco Bell, but I was bored and wanted something different. There are similarities between Taco Bell and Del Taco but I think Del Taco wins- more variety is the key. I don't like the bland tortilla chips, though- gotta give that to Taco Bell. Don't like the cheese sauce, either, so Taco Bell wins the nachos battle. The real winner are the tacos. I love the shrimp and fish tacos- flavorful with a mix of textures to make them interesting. Those soft corn tortillas are the bomb. Now, I know nothing about "real" fish tacos but I thought fried fish was probably not authentic- but what do I know? It's still tasty. It's fast food so I don't expect much.
5	I have been coming to this location for over 5 years.The service is pretty good quality. All of my orders have been quick - and correct.I have never had a problem with an order, and it has always tasted great! The Orange milkshakes are back so I have been back a few times to claim them.I do wish I could get breakfast at 11:30am though.
1	dont go pass 8pm bad food , the service is alright but i got sick from here so yeah !
5	I love del taco. It is 10x better than Taco Bell. The people there were SO friendly. They said they loved us and gave us quality food. The chirps were to die for and the lemonade was so good. I can't wait to go back and devour some meat.
2	Do not mimic someone if they can hear you on the speaker.  Other then that chips are stale but tacos good.
1	I honestly believe that there workers are high on drugs when they take orders I've been there 3 times and every time they gave me the wrong order!!! I waist more money on gas going back to them to get the right order than the amount I spend on my meal. How they get there jobs befalls me?!??! They need to retrain there employees horrible location
