4	Tucked away in Mandalay Place (the skywalk that connects Manalay Bay and the Luxor) is a neat little wine store and wine bar called 55 Degrees. After a hard week of work in Vegas, I was looking for a smokefree oasis that did not have pounding music or throngs of people. 55 Degrees turned out to be exactly what I needed.55 Degrees is basically a wine store with over 1,000 wines for sale in a very cool design-inspired interior space. There is also a small counter where they have wines by the glass. The selection of wines by the glass were pretty good, with a 50% markup over what I would have expected to pay anywhere outside of Las Vegas. There is nice lounge music playing in the background and the friendly staff can answer just about any question you might have.This place was a nice mid-day respite from the blaring lights of Las Vegas.
4	i have no preconceived notions (i'm ignorant) about wine but am trying to learn.  this place is very well thought out and according to my friend who knows everything about wine, has a superb collection.  nice little bar to taste and nice selection of half bottles to purchase...a bit chilly though...it really is 55 degrees in there.
4	If Austin Powers had designed a wine bar, this is what it would look like.  Slick, modern, with a beautiful zebrawood ceiling and oddly plastic-looking interior, 55 Degrees doubles as a wine store and bar.  It sounds very cold, but in fact the clean, crisp lines are a balm to the eyes in over-the-top Vegas.They offer glass and tasting-size selections from a wide variety of wines.  When I challenged the waiter to create a flight that had no Cabernet Sauvignon in it (the Cabs were one of their set flights) he brought me a wonderful grouping of wines from three continents and explained them all.  My only issue was with the glasses - they were the stemless O Riedel glasses which I cannot make myself like.  Call me a purist, but I prefer stems on my wineglasses.As we sat sipping our flights I contemplated the fact that I had been in Las Vegas for less than 2 hours and I had already found a wine bar.  I may have a problem...
3	Gorgeous Euro Trash uber pretentious and sleek interior - It's a bit like walking into "the future" as imagined in the 1960s (Suzanne B is right on with the Austin Powers reference ).I loved wandering around and exploring the wines, although they weren't all that easy to navigate if you were looking for something specific.  It seems like the "off limits" area where the spendy bottles live should be a little more well lit, but I know how wines like the dark.  In any case, it was fairly empty when I was there.  The staff said hi to me as I was on my way out, but not much else.  There were a few drunken "Gamma Delta Epsilon Goes to Vegas 2007" type folks bellowing around one end of the wine bar and not much else action.  I decided to sample their wares on my next trip.
5	I love many many things about the unique shops at Mandalay bay, as one may be able to tell from my reviews. 55* is a cute little wine shop and bar. If your staying on the strip or at Mandalay Bay go down and grab a bottle of wine and take it to your room, I guarantee that it will be better than whats in your mini bar. If you have more time, do as I do...wander through Lucite and glass aisles and select a great half bottle, have them open it up for you and have a glass. It is chilly inside as the name suggests to its perfect for these hot summer months to sit inside some free air conditioning with a nice glass of whatever you choose.
5	My idea of a perfect drinking spot is always a wine bar, so 55 Degrees is right up my alley. Beautiful space with a great wine list. They had two of my favorite butter-bomb chardonnays by the glass...how is a girl to choose?It can get a little cool in there (yes, they actually keep their store at 55 degrees) so be prepared. Although, it was so hot as hell in Vegas while we were there, so it felt nice at first. And hey, if you get too cold, just have some more wine. That will warm you up really quick!
5	55 degrees is one of the best wine shops I have ever visited.  Great selection, fantastic service and knowledgeable people working there.  FYI ... 55 degrees comes from the optimum temperature to chill wine to (55 degrees Fahrenheit).
5	55` Degrees is cool for one reason:It has two of my favorite Rieslings from Germany available:Donnhoff or Doennhoff ($29/bottle) (see: http://www.vinfolio.com/do/store/detail?vid=86079 )Willi Schaefer ($35/bottle)  (see: http://www.vinfolio.com/do/store/detail?vid=86087 )While these prices are 2 times higher than what you would pay in Germany, where else are you going to find these gems???The interior is a modern "futuristic retro".  It reminded me of a set from the dining scene in the movie "Alien".  Check out their website at:  http://www.mandalaybay.com/thingstodo/55degrees.aspx pix laters...
4	Awesome wine displays, all perfectly organized and pretty fantastic collection.  Good selections of wines by the glass to taste as well, the only thing they are missing is cheese and charcuterie servings.  I think it would make a great accompaniment to their wine tastings.
1	Best I can tell this place is closed. Was just at Mandalay Bay this past weekend and this shop was a ghost town. Not a single bottle seen on the shelves, paper taped over their front door, and their web site is broken. Adios ...
