5	We love going to Paradise Bakery and now we have one even closer to us in the Goodyear Centerpoint (Pebble Creek & McDowell).  Their food is very good, plenty for your $$ and different items on their menu.  Staff is normally friendly and they have a fequently visitor card to earn points too!This location has outdoor seating and free Wi-fi as well!
4	GREAT COFFEE! be careful with the cookies...
4	We have been going to Paradise for a while now.  I decided to telecommute from there today and I have to say I am not happy.  Lets get the food out of the way.The food is and has always been amazing.  There is not one thing I can bad about this place when it comes to their food.Today i found a seat near a power outlet and fired up my laptop.  I found out that they have free wifi that is filtered.  They will block any site they deem not family friendly.  Ok so I get the reason why but come on..The item that pushed me over the edge today was when an employee decided to open the blinds on all the windows.  The area was a nicely shaded and was not too bright and not too dark.  When she opened the blinds, blinding light hit my eyes and as I struggled to adjust to the brightness the employee walked by and scowled at me for making a funny face...I couldnt see give me a break.Sorry for the rant there, in other words I recommend getting the food to go.
4	A nice alternative to Panera in my area, I really enjoyed to quick service and good little salad and sandwich here. The cookie they give you with combos is what pushes it from 3 to 4 stars!  : )
4	The cookies and breakfast pastries are to die for.  Just for those two items they deserve four stars.  Everything else, however, is just OK.  The rest of their foods are good but not great.  If you've ever been to Wildflower, I think their food is better there but dang, I can go to Paradise and just pig-out on their cookies!
4	love paradise bakery. but it seems to me everyone that works at this location is high....just saying lol
4	We've been here quite a few times, and it's a pretty good location. I'd say it's about the same as all of the other locations I've been to, though... nothing special, but it's nothing worse either.The only complaint I've had is that their iced tea doesn't seem that good here. I'm a tea snob though, as I love all types of tea hot and cold. Could just be me... but the same flavours at other locations seemed to taste better, and this has been several occasions that I've noticed.Also, as for the changes at Paradise, that is happening at all locations... another company bought them out and are changing things slowly but surely. Oh, and I still don't like their cookies.... and I love cookies! I just have never liked Paradise cookies for some reason, even though everyone always claims how delicious they are :P
1	Not that I don't love Paradies because I do, it's just that I will not attend this Paradise ever again. Paradise gets busy, but when you have been waiting for your meal for 30 minutes, and people that arrive after you get their meals before you do, that is a problem. Then to make matters worse, the young girl that worked there gave me a bad attitude for her miscommunication error. She also snapped at her co-worker in the presence of myself and other patrons. That was not professional. She then tried to rectify her mistake (with attitude of course), so I just left, and decided that I would not go back. I use to frequent this locatioin because it is 10 minutes away, but too many times I've had to wait a rediculous amount of time, and watch others that arrive after me, get better service. Needless to say, I will drive to any other Paradise, but this one.
4	It's a Paradise. Friendly service and consistent food as per the average Paradise. Perfect for a quick bite.
4	A great chain restaurant optionSimple dining proposition with no surprises: Good pastries, soup and sandwich combo, reasonable pricing, free wifi, and quick-casual service that is consistent.  Staff is friendly and they keep the place clean.  Very much like a Panera.The cinnamon rolls are very soft and uber yum.  Have some good soups, too.  Kids menu and selection of sweet-sweet carbs works for the younglings.
4	This was our first visit to Paradise Bakery and all I can say is YUM! It was so good, I went back for lunch the next day. The dining room is very pleasant and clean, the service is great and the sandwiches are super yummy. I love having this fairly close to our house!
4	Good spot for lunch or when you need to kill some time and need free wi-fi. I'm addicted to the soup in bread bowls. Tends to get backed up and crowded at lunch time, but that's to be expected.
5	Awesome breakfast and lunch menus! The omelets here are amazing and I love the soups and sandwiches (best cookies too!). I think the pricing is fair, you definitely get a good amout of food for what you pay for.
4	Ambient - Casual Service - Quick, Friendly and Easy.Food - I enjoy their chocolate chip cookeis and their Chicken Walnut Salad Sandwich.  Although one thing that I do not like is that their soups are not made their fresh.  They are good, but somehow I expected that they made their own soups. :-/
1	Today was my first time eating at Paradise, and I have to say it will be my last. I took my mother out to lunch and neither of us had been there before, so we were a little unsure of the ordering system. When I told the first girl who greeted us that we'd never been there before she looked irritated and didn't say anything except, "What can I get you?" I proceeded to order the lobster roll, which on the menu clearly states comes with 1/2 a salad or a cup of soup. When I told her the type of soup I wanted she told me I couldn't get the sandwich with soup. When I tried to point out what the menu said, she angrily snapped "The lobster roll only comes in 1 size and isn't available for a pick 2." Again I tried to point out that I wasn't ordering a pick 2, and on the menu it says the sandwich comes with either a soup or salad. She tells me no again, and moves on to my mother. My mom tries to order a salad, and the girl, in an outrageously rude tone said, " I SAID, any other SANDWICHES?" Again, we had never been here before, and already made clear that we were unsure how the ordering worked. My mom looked at me overwhelmed and quickly changed her order to a sandwich. We moved down the assembly line and I asked for my cup of soup. When I got to the girl on the register I clarified that the lobster roll did include a cup of soup, and she said yes. When I told her what the sandwich girl had said her response was, "Oh, she doesn't know anything, she's new." We got drinks and sat down and waited for our food. When it arrived everything was decent. My mom got a turkey avocado BLT (not what she originally wanted, but no one clarified the steps of ordering so she could get what she did want) and I had the lobster roll and a cup of broccoli cheese soup. While the food was OK I would NEVER return, at least to this location. With such a rude and unhelpful staff it was an incredibly uncomfortable and frustrating experience for us.
3	This place is good for their assortment of sandwiches, soups, and salads. You can even pick up an assortment of muffins or donut dots for a meeting or two. This place reminds me of Panera. Only one thing, I was surprised to notice that they are not very allergy friendly even though their image is of a healthy, wholesome, organic place to eat. Most everything on the menu had an allergen such as eggs, milk, or peanuts which are the top 3 allergens for kids. It was very difficult to find something to eat without these allergens and the staff mostly had very little suggestions to help.
1	First time, last time.  Evidently the employees are assigned a station and they do not veer from it. The guy making Salads was all over it, but when the bottleneck occurred at the unmanned soup station, he was unable or unwilling to step over the Soup-Salad line. There was one woman slowly frosting cookies. Two women cashiering, one went to help cookie girl and the other went in back to replenish a soup container... Thought she got lost when it took forever for her to come back.The food is fine, but the service was horrible and inefficient.  I will not return.
5	I love paradise bakery there salad & sandwiches are really good & fresh. If you like ice tea paradise bakery is the place to get ice tea. There prices are high though.
4	I prefer wildflower, but recently had their grilled cheese and tomato soup and it was delicious!!  Will be back for that combo!
5	I love coming here for lunch! I usually get the club half sandwich or the Caesar salad. The tomato basil soup here is breath taking! I haven't tried breakfast here yet, but one of these days I will have to. I can never seem to get over the fact the cookies that come with your meal are so delicious and make for a great dessert snack during lunch.
3	Went for lunch with my family and it was very busy because it's Sunday afternoon. My food was great but had to wait for someone to clean off the tables. Otherwise this location is always nice and clean.
5	The service and food are exceptional! I love coming back to Arizona knowing a get to have lunch at this place! I had the pasta and a turkey sandwich. Doesn't sound like much  it is definitely worth it to go here!
4	This is a good pb. You can get healthy food such as soups, salads and sanwiches for a pretty good price. My wife and I and my two kids ate for 22 bucks. My wife and I split a large salad and a half panini and we got two kids turkey and cheese sandwiches. 4 drinks and 3 cookies, which are delicious.
4	Always great sandwich and salads. A bit pricey for kids meals. Quick ordering. Nice and clean. Service good
1	I have been to several Paradise Bakeries across the valley, and I am usually very happy with the food and service. So I tried this location thinking that I'd be just as pleased - not the case. There were plenty of staff members,  but no one willing to help. I stood in line for several minutes, watching two staff members chat behind the counter, before even being acknowledged. I ordered a "pick 2" (turkey sandwich and soup), with an added cookie. The guy helping me had a major attitude,  and the cashier was acting as if I was an inconvenience to her. I asked for my order to go, and I left. I learned my lesson in not checking my food before leaving,  because when I got home,  I realized that the sandwich was wrong: ham and cheese, not turkey. Also, the soup tasted as if it had been sitting out all day,  and the cookie was as hard as a rock. Such a waste of money.  Never again.
