4	I've only visited this store once, and they were extremely busy the day I was there. They have an unbelievable selection of yarn, and their prices were quite comparable. I didn't find either the new beaded yarn or the soy yarn that I was looking for, but I didn't ask, either. I'll probably go back, but I prefer KloseKnit or Hobby Lobby when it comes to purchasing yarn.
5	This is the greatest place to buy yarn!  I have taken classes here, participated in knit alongs, and bought whatever general knitting paraphernalia I need.  The yarn selection is fantastic and the teachers are great. I love that not only the employees are willing to help me with any knitting hang-ups I might have, but usually there are other patrons hanging out that will help me as well.  The knit alongs are fun as well as knit night.  This place welcoming and the prices are comparable.  I would suggest that knitters near and far visit this gem.
4	A few months ago when I first started crocheting a friend shared with me this great yarn supply store. While Michael's or Hobby Lobby may be more inexpensive, neither of them come close to the quality and huge variety at Needleworks.This place looks like a hole-in-the-wall from the outside, but they have multiple rooms and floors housing a huge selection of yard, threads and related supplies. The staff is especially experience, and you can place specialty orders, take classes, or participate in knitting circles.They have limited evening and weekend hours, which can some times make prolonged browsing difficult. Despite the huge variety, it is really easy to search around, and aside from tools they also have a small book section and a selection of free patterns for knitters of all experience levels.
5	Spent quite a while in here and loved it. All types and price points of yarn. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Really enjoyed my visit here.  The owner tracked down a pattern on Ravelry for my friend and emailed it to her for a project. Great experience. Going back again!
5	Fabulous assortment of yarn, friendly help finding the right yarn for the right pattern.  This is a home away from home store.  Love to sit and knit and see what other projects are underway for ideas and inspiration.
5	I have been to Needleworks a few times for various projects.  Every single time, the staff and the regular knitters have been incredibly helpful.  I had a question about gauge for different yarn weights, and one of the ladies who worked there made a copy of a chart for me to keep.  I had a question about beginning colorwork, and the ladies who were knitting gave me great advice about how to pick a pattern for my skill level and what yarn to get.  There are always people knitting there in their free time, and I understand why.  It's such a nice place to be.  I really have been consistently impressed with the customer service and the yarn I have found at Needleworks.
