5	It's Starbucks!! They also have a nice patio / seating area with misters outside and a regular crowd, including Goodyear's finest (Think PD) and this location STILL CARRIES cinnamon twists!!
5	No inside area. Just drive thru and walk up.  Good for a quickie! I was SO happy to find this location when I was visiting my sis in Az! I was in need of a fix and they actually had a few pastries on the menu that I hadn't seen at other locations.. not that i tried them, but i noted them! :)Someone said that this is actually the one on Dysart - FYI
5	One of the best Starbucks in the valley.
2	It's very poorly laid out, it seems no matter where you stand you're in the way.  Only real plus is it's a few cents cheaper then the Dysart drive-thru location, but personally that doesn't change anything.  I'll grab a coffee here if I'm heading into Target, but more often then not I've already stopped at the Dysart location on my way.
4	I love this Starbucks. The baristas are friendly and always make my drink right every time I come in.
4	I love this place! Super nice baristas and it's so chill. They are busy most of the time but it's worth it. :) This is definitely one of my spots.
4	Nice location.  Almost always crowded but plenty of outdoor seats.  Nice variety of breakfast foods.  Right next to a Target.  Yay!
2	It operates like a Starbucks is supposed to. The place is dirty though. No one cleans up, and the bathrooms were horrible. I wanted to get the coffee and get the heck outta there.
4	it is a Starbucks I would rather go to a locally owned place . Place was overcrowded for my likings
1	unlike most Starbuck's they do not put out skim milk. you have to wait for the barista to get free so you can ask for skim milk. I've stopped going to this poorly appointed coffee shop.so much for corporate standards and consistency.
2	Going in to look for a Starbuck's plastic cups.  Didn't find the one we are looking for...  The staff was not so friendly.
4	I got a white chocolate mocha yesterday during happy hour. It was pretty busy so I wasn't expecting anything special. I don't know what the barista did with my drink but he's a freaking wizard. I swear it was the best white chocolate mocha I've ever tasted! Usually Starbucks is just kind of "okay" plus a butt ton of sugar that makes it good but my drink tasted like heaven.The only thing that I didn't like was the bathrooms. They were a nightmare. I don't know HOW because I've never even seen mud in AZ but there was mud all over the floor (Maybe it was poop idk). I don't really care about that kind of stuff but it IS a business and that's not very respectful to the customers.
1	Pretty rude telling us to wait and then on top of it they do not accept the Starbucks cards here.  We walked out....too bad cuz we are gold card holders too.  Will not return to this location based on the rude service alone.  Across the street is a much friendlier locationI am reviewing the Starbucks inside the Barnes and Noble.....terrible
1	This Starbuck location is a pig pen. It's been dirty for years. I don't understand how it can still be open. I wrote to complain about how dirty it was several years ago. I guess Starbucks Corp didn't follow their promise to check it out..Don't go there.
2	Not the best Starbucks in the land. The people are friendly enough but they have made our drinks wrong on multiple occasions. Also, they get their deliveries through the front door and the shop is essentially a long hallway so if you are there in the evening, prepare to have lots of material rolling past you. One of the delivery men even dumped a few boxes on a customer last time I was there. They do have some nice outdoor seating with misters but it is right on the corner of a parking lot so it's usually loud.
1	After a year of weekly coffee dates with my husband and meeting friends and clients here we refuse to go back because of a group of business owners from a local shop who seem to just hang out there all day and smoke within the legal boundaries and they don't seem to be able to control these repeat offenders. If they can't control these repeat offenders we won't be back. Sad because we really liked this store.
5	Not too bad of a wait. Got some great drinks that were made exactly as ordered. The staff here are really nice and friendly. The cashier asked me if he could check if I had a free drink on my card. No one ever offers that to me. These people are great! What a treat!
4	Three stars for the speed of service...and five stars for still having the orange refresher.  Really nice staff too!
3	Typical Starbucks.  Was very busy on a Sunday, with about 10 people in line at 11am.  The outdoor area is okay...looks over the parking lot.  Bathroom was pretty dirty--typical for most Starbucks.  The coffees were ok.
