5	Before I review the Morrison Vein Institute I have to mention that I am a physician myself and as such it has always been difficult to go anywhere and be a patient. However, I have been so impressed with the Morrison Vein Institute, that I not only felt the need to write a review, but also to give it my first 5 star rating. Everyone that works there, from the front office staff to the nurses to the physicians have been nothing but accommodating, helpful, and knowledgeable. They do not contract with any insurances but will go to great lengths to do what's needed to get you reimbursed. Dr. Morrison is not only the founder and director of the institute, he continues to use his expertise in patient care and is one of the nicest people you'll ever meet. When I found out that he would do my procedure, I knew I was in good hands. I recommend this practice with no reservations, regardless if you have longstanding venous insufficiency or just need a couple of spider veins removed.
1	I was treated by Morrison Vein for several years in a row.  The last visit, I believe in 2010, as Dr. Morrison and an assistant were checking my legs with the ultrasound, I got the impression, I was slotted for the ultrasound guided injections vs just schlerotherapy, and I'm not convinced who's benefit that really served. I observed some head nod by Dr. Morrison to the assistant.  Then they told me the ultrasound guided injections were needed, not just surface vein treatment.  I went back in Dec. 2013, because I need treatment and wasn't sure who else to go to.  Have had a hard time getting referrals for this procedure.  A friend of mine who was seen by Morrison, was told she needed ultrasound guided injections,  got a second opinion that was not in agreement with Morrison's.  Hard to know what is true.   Morrison Vein is EXTREMELY expensive.  I don't have anyone to compare them to, will in the future as I investigate.  I was charged almost $500 for an ultrasound required by Morrison prior to even being seen by him, another $110 for a consultation he requires before anything is even done.  He quoted me $700 per leg for ultrasound guided injections plus $280 for ultrasound.  I'd have to go back 6 weeks later and at that time they would determine whether I needed further ultrasound guided injections.  If so, it'd be  another $350 per leg plus $280 for ultrasound if necessary.  Then you may be ready for surface vein removal.  That's  $3,270, assuming the second ultrasound guided injections were necessary, and before buying the hose required after treatment.  Not sure who has that amount to spend when you may need this annually.  It's very hard to tell what is required or what is concocted.  I questioned all these costs.  The office said Dr. Morrison would waive the $110 consultation fee.  When I arrived, I was not given any warm welcome.  The receptionist asked me what shorts I wanted, large or extra large.  "Which one would make you feel smaller?" she asked. Seriously??  I told her I didn't care, I felt just fine the size I am.  For the consultation, Dr. Morrison asked what he could do for me?  I told him I was here for the required consultation (which I was told he couldn't do by phone because he had to visually see my legs).  He gave me a brief explanation that I would need ultrasound guided injections.  He may have visually inspected my legs from the chair he sat in, however, I'm not even sure he even looked at them.  Today, on my way to work, I had to stop at the post office to get a certified letter, return receipt requested.  I picked up the letter and it was from Dr. Morrison stating "Please be advised that Morrison Vein Institute will not be able to treat you as a patient.  After discussion with my staff, I find it necessary to conclude our relationship."  I wouldn't say his office is friendly.
