2	This small buffet restaurant just opened a few days ago, & Norm R. joined me today to drop in  & give it a try for lunch.  The selection was minimal, 22 food items plus condiments, & the items were about what you expect, except that I think there should have been more pork, some seafood, & less chicken.  There was a little salad, & two soups, which was nice, & the Tempura Zucchini was a little special.I found the food to be on the greasy side, & they had those hockey puck things that are supposed to be Egg Foo Young.  The worst of it was that I was dieing of thirst for the rest of the day, so I guess the food was loaded with either salt or MSG.  Another thing was that the space between the booth seats & tables was too great.  Thus, I won't be returning to this one, at least for a while.Lunch Buffet $5.59 includes hot tea.
3	After visiting so many super-buffets with Rand, it is kind of refreshing to try a smaller buffet for once. This one is new, clean, has a neighborhood restaurant feel about it, and even offers outdoor seating. They offer a little over 20 items, mostly decent though limited (like I said, I guess I got too spoiled with super-buffets). A nice little addition to this commercial area at the Phoenix-Glendale border.
4	So happy this place opened next door to my house. Excellent Orange chicken and spare ribs. All u can eat, good price, owner very friendly.
5	i would seriously take this place over any chinese food mega buffet. those places usually smell weird and are horrifically humid. am i wrong?yes, the buffet is small. but the food is excellent, and all the meat dishes are accounted for. the sesame and orange chicken have a crispy texture and just the right amount of sauce. they have a decent almond shrimp offering. i also thought the chow mien was very fresh.the owner is extremely friendly. they only opened a few months ago, and so far they're breaking even. i hope everyone will stop by and give this place a shot so these nice people can actually bring some money home for their hard work.
3	So often we see an excellent Valley buffet gradually slip down, down, down, such as Hometown Buffet in Scottsdale.  I'm very happy to report that the opposite has been true during the last 10 months for Chang's here, since they opened!At the urging of friend Iain B., I stopped in here for lunch today to give it what he said was a much deserved "Update".  I was joined by Jeromy H. for this visit.Some "Positives":*  The owner lady (aka cashier, hostess, table lady) was friendly & appreciative of the business.*  The dining area & bathroom were clean.*  All the food was the right temperature, & identified with little signs.*  There was tasty, complimentary hot Chinese Tea!*  The Hot & Sour Soup was better than average, with little pieces of meat in it.*  The Pork Fried was tasty & not greasy.*  There was some fish out this time.*  The rest of the food was good too, including the Egg Foo Young, which is still "hockey puck" style, but it was tender & tasty with the warm, yellow gravy to top it.Negatives?*  Small selection of 23 food items plus sauces, with no salad.  (They do put out a few small dessert choices, & I had some chocolate pudding.)There's a TV (ugh), but it was turned low & the overall acoustics of the place are ok.  Our booth was comfortable, & we enjoyed yucking it up with some other friendly customers who were seated nearby.  For those who like to dine outdoors, there's an ok little covered patio area on the north side (see photo).Chang's here is much improved since opening week in April '10, & it now holds it's own well against the other small westside Chinese Buffets, beating Best Wok, Golden Nugget & Him's JL, while coming in a little below May Garden, in my opinion...  SO, a high 3 Stars for Chang's this time!  Lunch Buffet a very reasonable $5.50, even on Sunday, & dinner is $6.50.       :-))
4	When you enter this quaint little buffet you are greeted  (my best guess) by one of the Two owners (again I am guessing) a husband and wife team and maybe a dishwasher. She is reserved yet friendly.Directly to your left there are 4 booths that seat 4 and the rest are tables that each seat 4. (I'm sure if you had a group they would hustle to accommodate whatever arrangement you chose.  Rand H. and I paid and immediately chose a seat . We sat in a corner booth. I ran straight to the food and got some Hot and Sour soup. It was perfect!! I also grabbed some of the entrees. Yummeeee!!Okay 4.5 stars !!!!! This quiet little buffet with 23 items and a capacity of 28was a pleasant meal where I was actually able to try everything except the fried chicken and the fried fish (wasn't in the mood) Egg fu young looked like a hockey puck but was Tender and TASTY . . . plain or with the sauce! Thanx Iain B. for nudging us to try it!! because of work I'll not be partaking with Mike C and Rand H. on our next usual Monday buffet run. =( so anyway I personally didn't miss the salad ... a star crusher for the great and mighty "salad loving" Rand H. I also wonder about Mike C's feelings for this place because he is ALL about the DESSERTS. they had 2 kinds of pudding and 1 or 2 kinds of jello.,. WHATEVER I'm with iain B. if a small but sufficient dose of Chinese Buffet is what you are down 4. Come support one of the worthy small businesses in your hood!!!!!!!!! This is what makes America Wonderful!
3	At the urging of some of my Yelp friends I made the trip over here for lunch yesterday.  As I quite often do I got there just a few minutes after 11, would have been sooner if I had not driven by it once.  When I got there all the trays were full of food.  Everything was hot.  Nothing I sampled seemed old.  While there was nothing extra to write home about I found all the food to be prepared well, including the hockey puck looking egg foo yung..  The orange chicken stood out because the batter was lighter than normal.  I missed any ice cream for desert but I enjoyed the chocolate pudding.  At $5.50 plus the drink I found lunch to be a good value.  My plates were cleared in a reasonable amount of time.   The only thing I would change would be to offer one rotating item showing off the cook's skills.  Even though it is a bit of a hike from work I am sure I will be back again some time.
4	Family owned Chinese Buffet, I really enjoy Chang's Chinese Buffet,  off 43Ave in Glendale, stop by for lunch or dinner, this family restaurant offers a buffet that adds dishes daily.  The hours are nice because the place is open a little bit later than most restaurants.  Everything is worth a try and when i eat hear I'm always getting a 2nd or 3rd plate.  jessica C. one star review, hmm, she has one review and non of her 6 friends have more than one review, that s why I love yelp, bogus reviews are easily seen.
3	Looked on Yelp for a chinese food place near the skating rink, came upon this place, figured we'd give it a shot. Good choice.Decent prices, food was just as good as you can get at most chinese buffets, staff was very nice.The standout was the crab puffs; they were quite delectable.Prices were decent, and the quality was sufficient that I'd recommend it to anyone in the area looking for an affordable chinese buffet.
4	Took me by surprise. Very small, cozy and clean. Good food and worth the price. Staff was very friendly. I will go back again.
5	Vern G wrote about this place so on a whim we went. Small Buffet but great food. The service was amazing. I think this will be added to the list of places we go frequently.
3	Read all the reviews on Yelp and thought I give Chang's Chinese Buffet a try. With a 4 star rating, I was expecting 4 star quality food. Well, some of it was good, but some of it could be better. First of all the atmosphere was pretty nice. It almost felt like Cheers, where everyone knew your name. Even though we didn't know anyone there, everyone talked to one another. The T.V. in the corner drew most everyone's attention. You could tell who the regulars were. They were up front and closest to the T.V. Most of the food was fresh. The Shrimp was very fresh and tasty. The rice was also seasoned probably and tasted almost as good as back East Chinese food, it just wasn't brown. Orange chicken was good, but a little hard. Not as moist and juicing like I wanted. The chicken was dry. It was flavors well, but was dry inside. Seems like it was under the heating lamp too long. The sweet & sour soup was good, but I've tasted much better. The egg drop soup wasn't too good though. Spare ribs weren't bad. Also a little dry, but not as bad as the chicken. The Egg-foo-yung was not good. Hockey puck shaped or not, it was too watery and didn't taste like real Egg-foo-yung. Everything else was pretty average. For the price, it wasn't bad. I would go back and eat there just so I could have the rice and shrimp. So pretty much 2 stars for the food and 1 for the atmosphere, service and cleanliness. Place was very clean and service was decent. Not a 4 star restaurant. Barely a 3 star. I think my wife gave it 2 stars. If you go there and find certain foods you like, it's probably worth the $5-$6 to go back and eat as much as you want of those particular foods. Skip the bad stuff and eat all of the good tasting foods. Other buffets will run you $10-$15, so this place could be a gem if the food gets better.
3	I went in for a late lunch one day and the food seemed like it had been sitting around for a while and looked picked thru.  Other then that everything was just okay.  It will not WOW! you or make you want to go there a couple times a week.  This place is minimal at best.
4	We were looking for av place to eat after a trip to the mall and this came up as an option. Nice staff. Good food. Price is right! I am sure we will be back.
4	family owned .always a plusI love small neighborhood buffets like Changs those 'great wall mega plex buffets are like eating in a bus terminal ...also the food here is good, fresh and hot and the staff are attentive but as others have stated not a big fan of the TV
5	Great prices!Great food.Small buffet, but family owned and good food.No negatives.Small and cute.
3	I didn't much care for their lunch buffet. I don't eat pork or beef so I did miss out on a large portion of the selection. As far as the chicken goes, many had said they enjoyed it. I found it to be overly breaded, giving it a dry fried flavor. I probably won't go again. I felt sick after. If you like eating healthy in any way probably stay away..
5	Great value, delicious food! This little neighborhood restaurant is family owned and operated and has great service. Although the selection isn't huge, what they do offer is delicious. I live in chandler and today 2/4/13 is my second time coming. Great place to stop by before going to the drive-in theater to catch a movie!
3	When it comes to buffets this place certainly lacks variety. You will find your typical sweet & sour this or orange that and not a whole lot else. But the service is wonderful. It has a mom & pop kind of feel to the place. The egg drop soup is perfect, not too thin and not too thick. And the prices are low.
4	Walking in this place the first thing I notice is that it is tiny, the buffet is small, and it's a bit dark.  However, the food was pretty decent and very filling. It's easy, uncomplicated, and the narrow selection means the the individual food is better opting for a more focused quality to the food. The price is always good, and it gets the job done. Only reason why it is missing a star is because of the interior was pretty dark and old. If you want a good enough selection of food, dirt cheap buffet prices, and an easy selection you will like this place.
4	I tried this place out today for lunch based on the reviews Id read on here and it was delicious! The only reason Im not giving a 5 star is because I didnt really like the breading on most the deep fried stuff but I did love everything else! Definitely will be going back especially with such a good price!
4	This buffet is small but don't mistaken it because of the size of the restaurant. They also have special if you don't want to eat as the buffet. Not many variety of food but its still a great little place to grab some Chinese.  Will back again, hopefully he added more food.
5	It is a small buffet but they more than make up for quantity with quality! With-out a doubt it was the best Chinese buffet I have ever experienced! As mentioned from an earlier reviewer - do not be afraid of the "hockey puck" egg foo yung... it is actually great and wow the walnut shrimp is epic!
5	This place is off the Chang! Seriously though,  the food is really good. Even though it was a buffet,  it was all very hot and fresh,  and made in small batches so it didn't sit as long. And 6.95 for a dinner buffet?  Who does that?! I saw a few people recommend the walnut shrimp so tried it.... Yeah... Epic...
1	I went here for lunch today because of the reviews on yelp. Wow u guys don't know Chinese food if it bit u in the twat/balls lol I'm just talking about the food here, idc about how small it is or what is looks like as long as they are clean and the food is good.  Food was dry everything!! They put ham in their chow mein WHAT?!! And rice which I never experienced before. The egg roll had so much pepper in it, it tasted like those salt and pepper kettle chips lol that was weird. The sesame chicken just looked and tasted like fried chicken nothing sesame about it. The food to me was just gross. I don't recommend going here.
1	This place was one of the most unsanitary places I have been to. It was not clean, a low variety of dishes, and service was average. I've been to several buffets and this has been the worst one
1	Did I go on an off night?  Everything on the buffet was either hard and overcooked, undercooked, overbreaded or offputting.  Yes, the couple running the place were nice.  It was shopworn, but seemed to be relatively clean (normal spotting on the silverware and plates.)  I have been to China several times, I have eaten Chinese food in a variety of places all over the world, including dumpy sidewalk food...but, I do not remember, EVER, eating food as horrible as this place.  My dining partner and I both agreed it was the WORST place we've eaten in recent memory.  If anything, the negative reviews here are not negative enough.  Does the cook taste the food before putting it out front?  There were pieces of chicken that either due to the quality, or due to cooking the life out of it, that were impossible to chew.  Dessert?  Sorry, I was not going to chance my luck  on the jello cubes, the chocolate pudding or the other...well, I'm not too sure what it was.  We raced to Old Town Glendale to get a nice cone of Shamrock Ice Cream for its welcomed gustatory reset!  Sorry, if Chang's was serving food like this with a smile, I do not see any possibility of them recovering unless they start catering to prisons. Xie xie.
4	This place I questioned at first from the looks, however never judge a book by it's cover! Pros--great food-really cheap, lots of food.-fast service-kind and good customer service-They remember you and your order if you even just go in once or twice-Fresh buffet-Cool AC-CleanCons:-Small overall-Less options in the buffet-have to ask for white rice-have to ask for fortune cookies-Small dessert bar
