3	I enjoyed it so much my first time, I went back for round two... mostly because Dr Larson didn't let me expire on the table back in 08.  This proctologist came highly recommended from a few medical professionals at my church, so that made me feel at ease.One strange thing...  They have several young girls working the front office.  So, after going back to the examining room, stripping down, laying on my side and brandishing the brown-eye, I was surprised to watch as one of the young ladies walked in the room and held the MAG Light, illuminating my grotto for the doctor.The first time this happened, I thought I was imagining it.  The second time it happened, I figured "what the heck.  She's already seen my nooks and crannies".  Poor girl
5	Had a great experience. I had to be bumped up for surgery when my pain increased suddenly. They fit me in the next morning. Dr. Venkatesh was awesome! They called to check up on me during my recovery, and there was never much of a wait when I went in for check-ups.
2	The check-in girl is very nice and friendly. That said, we were very disappointed that they schedule your check-in 1 hour before your actual surgery time. It DOES NOT take an hour to sign 3 pieces of paper. Huge waste of time. Also, I would not recommend Dr Campbell at all. He was extremely rude to us after procedure was over. Will NOT be going back to this facility.
4	It feels weird being a "fan" of a colorectal doctor.  ;-)As near as I can tell this is just Dr Venkatesh.  I've never seen anyone else here, or at least not in a long time (he had a lady doctor there many years ago, but I don't see her now).  Dr Venkatesh came highly recommended when I first saw him many years ago, and I have found him to be thorough and gentle.  (And "gentle" is very important here!!)The wait this time was a bit longer than usual, but when he came in we discussed the problem and then he got out his scope and checked it out.  His assistants are all female, which might bother some people.  I really didn't care.  I'm just another "face" in the crowd to her, I'm sure!  :-)I would recommend Dr Venkatesh for all your colorectal needs.  He often is one of the "top docs" in that annual ranking published by one of the local magazines.
