4	This place is right next to my work building, which is great!  I've always wanted a lunch menu of authentic NY pizza -- thin, crispy crusts that support a lot of delicious toppings!   Combined with affordable lunch specials, it's a really neat place!The place is decorated with NY memorabilia, there's a Yankees game up on the HDTV, and there's plenty of seating if you want to dine-in.  Even their delivery "cabs" are made to look like the Big Apple!  I got their top signature pizza, the King Kong.  With pepperoni, olives, peppers, sliced sausage and peppers, it was a big hit around the office.  They also do wings and salads and even cold heroes.  It's good NYC pizza -- without the pigeons and the subway hobos!
4	These guys make great pizza. The first couple of times i got 2 slices of cheese pizza to go for under 5 bucks. I walked in, asked for two slices and was out the door in a matter of minutes.  First whole pizza I tried the queens white pizza, it was good--basically a ton of cheese and garlic, no sauce. its a heavy pie.  I liked the roasted garlic but I probably won't order this again.Yesterday I had the Arthur Ave.  Eggplant, ricotta, and tomato sauce.  This was fantastic! The eggplant is breaded like with eggplant parmesan, which adds to the pizza's deliciousness.  I've only tried a few of the pies, but the arthur ave did it for me--i'm a fan!
1	One star is too much for this lazy joint.  Walked in at 11 am and they had on display 2 old Sicilian slices and garlic knots covered in plastic wrap that were definitely from the day before. Really...you can't make a fresh pie and throw those out? What other corners do they cut? Pizza was not good.
5	This is some of the best pizza I have had in the Las Vegas area and I have eaten ALOT of pizza.  All of the ingredients are fresh and you can tell when you take your first bite.  The crust is authentic NY crust, thin and crispy.  And their sauce is made fresh, which is a plus.The BBQ Chicken Pizza is my favorite.  I was the person who would say that chicken and bbq sauce didn't belong on a pizza.  But it was love at first bite.  Their bbq sauce is fantastic and the chicken is cooked perfectly.  If your not a fan of this kind of pizza, they have many other speciality pizza's to choose from or you can build your own.In addition, they have some of the best wings in town.  I am not a fan of wings, but my boyfriend is and he is in love!  The wings are baked, not fried which makes them even better.  And if you like your wings crispy, just asked for them to be baked twice.  :-)  The wing sauce is great (your choice of Mild, Medium and Hot) and they are served with some of the best Ranch or Blue Cheese dressing I have tasted.  Definintely not out of the bottle.If pizza and wings aren't your thing, they also offer a selection of salads and sandwiches.  The Meatball Parm is my absolute favorite!This is a locally owned pizza shop, not a chain.  The staff is extremely friendly and you will feel at home when you walk in the door.  They offer Dine-In, Take Out or Delivery.  If your looking for some great pizza, this is definitely the place.
1	The sad response I received from the owner of Jimmy's was right in line with their bad business practices.  Jennifer K. claimed I wrote a bogus review and that I had never been in her so called "restaurant". This is  her comment and what she messaged me:"I apologize to our real customers as this seems to be a BOGUS review.   As all of our customers know, we removed a display case from our restaurant months ago.  It was an idea that an ex-employee had and it was a terrible one so we got rid of the display case.   We invite this reviewer to actually walk through the doors of our pizzeria and try our food." -Jennifer K."As I appreciate your feedback, you obviously have not been in our pizza shop for quite some time.   And therefore, I have been  forced to report you to yelp as a violation of their terms of service." -Jennifer K.I'm baffled for a couple reasons.  First, I was obviously there because I have a photo of the display cases with the old pizza wrapped up in PLASTIC WRAP! I've been to hundreds of pizza places and never once had they wrapped up a nearly empty tray of "fresh slices" in a display case 10 minutes after opening!! I just joined Yelp as you can see by my profile date and I felt so strongly about my bad experience there that I wanted to let people know what they might expect.  I had the photo still in my iphone and decided to share. Second, I'm not sure what violation I committed as to Yelp's terms of service.  I'm allowed to write a truthful review whether the owner likes it or not.  Yes, it was a couple months ago because I haven't been back.  As I have read there is no violation.Third, what kind of business discounts the reviews of customers  and attacks the reviewer instead of looking at their business practices and say "maybe you had a bad experience or caught us on an off day".  I have been in the restaurant/bar business 25 years and i know enough that every customer counts.  At least pretend to care Jennifer...  In my first review I posted the photo I took of the day old pizza they brought out of the refrigerator and placed in their display case to sell that day!!  Granted, this was a couple months ago, and Jennifer K. said they had since removed the display cases because they were a "bad idea".  The bad idea was not the display cases, but the business practice they have of serving old pizza and garlic knots from the day before instead of just making a fresh product that any self respecting pizza shop would do and any customer would expect.  Just because you removed the cases, doesn't mean you are not still selling yesterday's pizza.I ordered a pizza to go that day and was not impressed by the quality.  The sauce tasted sour like it had fermented in the refrigerator after being put away warm.  It's the little things that a place gets lazy on that affects their whole business.  You may label your pizza shop as NY style, but growing up in North Jersey, I know it is not even close. Jennifer, a piece of advice... When a customer complains it's because they really want to do business with you and want you to meet their most modest expectations.  The customers you have to worry about are the ones who never complain and just never return.  In this economic climate, maybe you want to focus a little more on your customer service skills and stop trying to make a couple bucks on old pizza and realize the repeat business will keep you afloat when places are closing down all around you.That being said, I will go back and order a couple slices and try to give an honest appraisal of their pizza even after Jennifer K. jumped to conclusions about the validity of my first review.  I currently do not own or work for any restaurant or pizza shop so we're clear that there is no conflict of interest.BTW...Nice fake review by Carrie S.  She just joined, one review and it's glowing and includes suggestive selling...nice touch.  Great try, but no one is fooled.  Seems like business as usual at Jimmy's huh?  Sad...
5	I LOVE Jimmy's NYC!!  In addition to the pizza being fabulous~the staff is always friendly and accomodating.  I ordered a half pep/ half chs pizza and they accidentally made it ALL pepperoni... as soon as I walked in they asked if I minded waiting a couple of extra minutes bc they made a mistake and went ahead and made a seperate cheese pie- for free!  :)  If you're ever on the S.E. side of town & get a hankering for really good East Coast type of pizza, Jimmy's is a great choice!
5	Lunch only...I love coming to Jimmy's for the Bronx Bomber Sandwich or the pizza.  The service is always great and the food is made to order.  Be sure to drop by if you can.  It's worth it!
4	Yaay someone who knows how to make an eggplant sub! Thank you! Friendly service, we were late for the lunch special but the guy gave us the deal anyway, which we appreciated. The pizza looked amazing but we were full. So I'll have to do an update when we get the chance to check that out. Very affordable yummy food. No complaints here. :)
