5	Chocolate truffles, bark, macarons, and other goodies now available at the 7th St Public Market? Yes, please. Stopped by for the first time this past weekend and couldn't resist the burger-sized macarons and gorgeously decorated truffles in the cases. The owners walked us through everything we were ordering, which was:Two orange chocolate macaronsMascarpone Ganache truffleBee Pollen truffleand they even threw in some of their bark which is festooned with a variety of nuts.Goodness the truffles were wonderful. The bee pollen especially. There was a nice crunchy layer of something in there that made the whole experience delightful. The macarons....dude. Fluffy, chewy, sweet, balanced well with orange flavor, and a perfect amount of chocolate. The bark is especially cool because they make it from excess chocolate. They don't let anything go to waste. It's easy to see how passionate these guys are about what they do. I can't wait to come back and sample another macaron variety! Cheers.
5	Okay, if you know me, you already know I'll pretty much do anything for chocolate... This place?  Good grief.  The combinations they have, the absolutely gorgeous presentation, the friendly staff?  I really don't know how it can get better...Have you ever seen something so pretty you literally don't want to eat it?  That's everything on the menu here... The flavors?   Dude.  The flavors.  I had a Rosemary Lemon Caramel bon-bon... It looked like glass... Seriously, it looked like a beautifully stained pane of glass in a window somewhere... It actually glistened and reflected in the light...  It reminded me of a leaf in the middle of a color change...  I loved the vibrant green!  And the taste?  It was a sublime melding of flavors... You could taste the rosemary, but it didn't overpower the lemon, caramel or chocolate...  I could barely believe how scrumptious it was...  They also give you a little treat in addition to whatever you purchase... Tonight it was a piece of milk chocolate bark that tasted like it had a toffee, pistachio and some other nut topping sprinkled on it... Perfection.They're a little pricey at $2.50 a pop, but given the quality?  Consider it a culinary investment... That's why I'm heading back tomorrow to get a Coriander Pop Rocks Praline treat... Yep...  You read that right...  Coriander Pop Rocks Praline.  I cannot wait!
5	Holy Macaroon!!! Do yourself a favor and get your butt down to barChocolate in the 7th St Market today!! The hazelnut crunch macaroon is phenomenal!! And get more than one... at $2.50 a piece, why not!
5	..........Oh, excuse that pause, but barchocolate has left me speechless! This little chocolate shop is located inside the 7th Street Station Market, but don't let the size fool you! Barchocolate offers such an amazing selection of quality, hand-crafted chocolates. Plus, the macaroons sure do make up in size! Personally, I like the small, standard size of macaroons, but these guys have learned to create something magical! Every time I'm in a new city, I always roam the streets and avenues of yelp, in search of macaroons. In my opinion, Barchocolate is comparable to the competitive bakeries in California. The texture is a perfect blend of creamy crunch. Every bite is bursting with flavor and just melts in your mouth! I was lucky enough to snag the LAST macaroon of the day, Ginger White Chocolate! Mmmm..
5	This is the best place for chocolate ever!! This chocolate is beyond amazing. My boyfriend and I were at the 7th street market one afternoon getting coffee. Of course I wandered over to the chocolate stand! The chocolate is gorgeous!! (I never thought I'd use that word to describe chocolate) I honestly thought it was fake. The owner let me sample a piece and I was hooked! We bought one of each kind. I can't even pick a favorite, they were all sooo fantastic. If you haven't been, go now! Amazing chocolate, amazing service!
5	I'm going to jump on the 5 star bandwagon here. And for one simple reason:MACARONS.Occasionally, the Mr will bring me a delightful, sweet offering after visiting the 7th Street Public Market. More often than not, it's a toothsome treat from barCHOCOLATE. Yesterday, I received a hazelnut macaron and a key lime macaron.And I fell in love with the key lime macaron. I shared with the Mr, but not because I wanted to. I wanted to savor every last morsel of the thing.I don't know what sorcery they use to create their macarons. And I don't care. I just want another one. Right now.
5	OMG!  That is all one can say about barCHOCOLATE.  That OMG applies not just to how the confections taste but to just how darn beautiful they are.  Each piece is like a lovely little jewel but these are jewels you can take a bite of and have your toes curling in your shoes as you taste them!Made with fresh, all natural and local ingredients, these chocolates are a perfect two bites of bliss.  And this comes from a guy who is definitely not the sweet tooth kind.  Highly recommend a trip to the market to check these guys out!
5	How Charlotte got lucky enough to snag these two talented chocolatiers, I don't know-- they are producing some of the best bon-bons I have had on either side of the Atlantic ocean. Creative + passionate + talented + meticulous = AMAZING CHOCOLATE
5	This doesn't require a long review: I agree with the rest- 5 stars! I am so excited to have a really excellent chocolatier in close reach. Inventive combinations, beautiful presentation, reasonable prices with friendly service in cute packaging? Win-Win-Win-Win-Win! Oh wait, I forgot to say the chocolates are among the best we've had in this country, and definitely the best in Charlotte. Hooray barChocolate! After real disappointments recently from Bar Cocoa at the Ritz, I was so glad to have these little lovelies. I highly recommend the Rosemary Lemon Caramel, Cherry Confit and Salted Caramel. I look forward to trying the rest of the flavors.
5	Cannot say enough about these two guys!  Not only are their exotic artisan chocolates truly magnificent, but their customer service and attention to details is superb!  Grab a few, a box or more of the chocolates, or a macaroon and some wine or coffee and delight!
5	OMGoodness!!! I'm in love! I don't even have the words to express how impressed I was with all the goodness from this place. Everything I tried not only tasted amazing but look amazing as well. I can't recommend this place enough!
5	Little more than a refrigerated display cabinet with a couple chairs and fold-up tables behind it sits what just might be the most artistic chocolate shop in all of Charlotte.  But don't be deceived buy how it all "looks too pretty to eat" as there are some huge flavor combinations at work here.The most prevalent option here are the truffles, each flavor having a distinctive shape and or design on top, usually so shiny as to make you wonder whether they are not really made of glass.  But just below that glossy exterior is a deeply satisfying chocolate shell with filling that is as complex as it is rich.  The bee pollen truffle has a hazelnut praline crunch that both surprises and melts away into a finish that is deep and more than just a chocolate bomb, due to the local bee pollen in the mix.  Even the basic honey truffle is deep in flavor but allows the signature ingredient to shine through.  The same for the sea sale caramel, or the raspberry balsamic ganache.  Just one is enough to be appreciated, but I crave another consistently.But the skillful confections don't stop there at this smallest of display counters.  The macaroons, when in stock, are also worthy contenders.  Having tried both the chocolate hazelnut and the key lime versions, I can say both are excellent.  The exteriors were both fluffy and soft in the middle, but had a very satisfying exterior crunch.  The fillings were both rich and the flavors balanced but vibrant.  Yeah, count this guy as a fan.These handmade treats are made by artisans and the per piece price will reflect that, but don't let that throw you off.  The difference is in the taste and quality, and it easily shows here.  These guys are food artists and make a very nice addition to the 7th Street Market and it's focus of putting locally sourced products into the public's hands.  Well done.
4	Chocolate is my weakness. And barCHOCOLATE does not help matters, but it does provide beautiful little gems of rich and flavorful decadence. When my hubby and I stopped by on Saturday morning - I was not quite ready to dig into a piece of chocolate and decided to stop by after we got a chance to peruse the other vendors in the 7th Street Public Market. In hindsight, that was a mistake because by the time I made it back - the selection was significantly less than when I first arrived. But I did get a few pieces to try.  It's evident that each piece is carefully handmade and the flavors are very interesting! The next time in the market - I'll be sure to hit barCHOCOLATE first! And their macarons are going to be next on my list.
5	The most mouth-watering truffles I've ever had! Why is it that guys are the best at making such amazing truffles? They look so awesome -- like jewels and gems, that you would think they're not edible.
5	I made my first trip to the 7th street market this past weekend, and being the chocolate lover that I am, was immediately drawn to the bar chocolate, humble little setup. Once I started speaking with one of the chocolatiers, I knew this was some serious candy! His passion and dedication to his craft was so inspiring I couldn't wait to try all of their beautiful treats. There are not enough words in the English language to describe just how delicious and beautiful the combination of salt and caramel in their sea salt caramel truffles is.....perfection. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.
5	Hand-crafted goodness. I've sampled their entire inventory of chocolates and I've yet to be disappointed. Be sure to try their Ghost Chili bonbon. The orange-and-red gradient on the outside hints at the sublime combination inside:  a creamy chocolate with a hint of heat. It's wonderful.barChocolate also makes fantastic macarons in various combinations. The outer cakes have a stiff shell with a soft, fluffy middle. I'm not quite sure how they make them so delicate. I typically avoid macarons because the outer cake is either too soft, too hard, or too sweet. These macarons are perfect. The interior filings are lovely, too, and the combination with the outer cakes melt in your mouth. Because the chocolates are hand-made, quantity can be an issue, but that's part of the experience. You never know what you're going to get.
4	Very interesting and unique flavors, including a bee pollen hazelnut praline chocolate that was probably the best praline I've ever tasted. It was very well-executed, from the design to the crispy and complex interior. I also tried their ghost chili dark chocolate caramel, which had a strong spicy kick that paired well with the caramel. Probably not the best I've had my entire life, but these chocolates were the best I've had out of all the chocolatiers I've visited in Charlotte so far. The look of each individual piece of chocolate is also impressive, and you can tell that a lot of care has gone into crafting each one.
5	I was in town visiting the hubster who was here on business and had a couple days off. We stopped by after having a sandwich at Daily Loaf and tea lattes from Not Just Coffee. BarChocolate has a beautiful display made entirely of chocolate flanked by their offerings for the day; total artisan chocolates. You can tell that THIS IS WHAT THEY DO!!!  We got a box of 10 chocolates and a bag of chocolate almonds. The two owners Lin and Mike were professionally trained in Chicago; they make and sell the chocolates and are the most gracious guys. They are proud of their product, enthusiastic, and have great integrity about the ingredients. Ok, the chocolates were of the caliber of chocolates we've had in Paris, Switzerland, and Los Angeles. We got two each of the chocolate bon bons rolled in coconut (These were Oh My Goodness, Oh My Goodness amazing!!), bee pollen pralines, coriander pop rocks praline (TIP-eat with a friend/love and open your mouths to share the fun popping), rosemary lemon caramel, and ghost chili caramel (Put the whole thing in your mouth and suck until the caramel explodes like heavenly lava; then kiss someone). We also got a bag of chocolate almonds. I hesitate to say it, but these are the best I've ever had. Amazing texture and taste; simple but unique.Will definitely revisit anytime I'm in town!
5	I hope it's ok for me to review this spot: I only had a sample of the chocolate offered here, but it was incredible. The bon bons are works of ART!  Local honey truffles? Yes please. Macaroons!? Want!The owners are very passionate about what they do and will gladly spend time with you.Do yourself a favor and come snag some treats from here asap.
5	We finished up our Tour De Food at the 7th Street Market and could not help but delve into this Valhalla for chocolate lovers.  The Rosemary Lemon Caramels were enough to make me drive back from Ohio this weekend!
5	Every single time the boyfriend & I drop by 7th Street Market, we pick up a box of chocolates from these guys. No special occasion is required for these delectable pieces of perfection. The experience is worth every penny.We've had the creamy sea salt caramels. We've had the flavor-rich cherry balsamics. We've had the rosemary lemon, the mint white chocolate, the oh my god we just can't stop. Every single one is fantastic.The owners are as fantastic as their wares. They have the process down to a science - literally. They can tell you exactly how their chocolate-making process works, down to the breaking and bonding of ingredients. The chemist boyfriend was thoroughly impressed.What else can I say? Don't go to Godiva. Get your cocoa candy treats at barCHOCOLATE. They're fresh, they're delicious, they're beautiful, they're perfect. Whether you give them to a loved one or nosh on them yourself, you'll be glad you made the investment.
5	Pure genius - two friends find a passion and put it to work.  I tried the sea salt caramel - the best ever - dark chocolate makes it rock.  And, the chocolates are as pretty as they are tasty
5	I was remiss in not getting that one owner's name when we visited tonight, but he was delightful, and the chocolate was divine! I had two truffles and two ganaches and all were better than expected. The market's atmosphere was great. Highly recommend.
5	Drooling just thinking about this place. Honestly, I wish every city had a Bar Chocolate. Everything is so decadent and absolutely delicious. In the winter it's nice to stop in for a cup of their amazing hot chocolate, sit in the lounge and listen to the pianist.
