4	There aren't too many places to spin in Pittsburgh, especially if you don't belong to a gym.  This spin studio is on an upper floor of the building.  The prices I feel are reasonable:  $15 per spin class or a package of 10 for $135.  There are various instructors who are all pretty decent (note:  some have changed recently and so I am not sure about them).  Unfortunately, most of their classes didn't work with my work schedule and I had to stop going.  Weekdays, the classes start at 6:30 pm and on weekends, at 9 am.
5	I've tried all kinds of things since I've started to grow a little roll in the middle. Trampolining? It's like death. Swimming? Ew. Chlorine. Fencing? Needs coordination. Yoga? Actually yoga's awesome but doesn't burn away the calorie real quick-like so then you think "Ah ha! Bikram. 900 calories in 90 minutes! And Bikram yoga in the strip where you're not supposed to drink water and it's 100 degrees and 40% humidity and you start to black out (for real) is the worst thing I have ever chosen to do to myself.But spinning? I love it. And I really like Shadyside Spin. The instructor for the class I attend is motivating without being a drill sergeant. You work to your level but are encouraged to push yourself. And after the first class I found out I pushed way too hard. But the second class sped by and felt great. The room is clean and the bikes are nice and the whole atmosphere is very accepting of different abilities and the music is fun and sometimes funny. I never thought I'd like it (I mean, it's still exercise) but I love it. And right now there's a deal for 10 classes at $99 (or a $51 savings, which is sort of incredible.) So, yeah. You should do it.
5	Best Spin Studio in Pittsburgh.
5	I've been going here off and on for a long time now.  This place is by far the best place to spin in the city.  The instructors are all great and the space is first rate. The hour classes really fly by. Generally my 160lb frame can burn anywhere between 650-800 calories in that time. The bikes are nicely leveled and placed on mats so they don't "walk" too.All that and complimentary towels too.
3	Super nice studio and sweet instructors. The key for me on spin classes is that not only is good music played (primarily pop) but that the instructor is aggressive and pushes me, which I felt that fell short on the class that I attended. However I'd be up for trying another class at Shadyside Spin.
