5	At the last minute after annoyance with my Chapel, I decided to order bouquets for myself & my three bridesmaids from Pam at The Palette.  She was great with email and very responsive.  Her prices are reasonable and her flowers are gorgeous.  I knew that I wanted all red bouquets but not just roses.  I wanted texture to them.  So we talked about the possibility of Dahlias and Rununculas and Tulips.  What we ended up with were beautiful bouquets of Dahlias, standard Red Roses and some kind of english garden red rose.  They were full and vibrant and exactly what I hoped they'd be.  Pam dropped them off herself, refused a tip, and then sent ME a card after the wedding.  This is a top notch vendor.  I would HIGHLY recommend her to anyone!
5	Pam made BEAUTIFUL bouquets for my May 2010 wedding.  They were perfect for my vision and the setting (Valley of Fire State Park, an hour's drive outside of Vegas). My sister, a professional event planner who has interned with wedding planners, commented that the flowers were the nicest wedding flowers she'd ever seen, mainly because they were so perfect for the setting and "not like every other wedding bouquet." I had found Pam's website through the wedding planning website I was using and loved the gallery, so I contacted her with my color palette, and she came up with a gorgeous selection of flowers: orange roses, pink Asiatic lilies, purple dendrobium orchids, yellow snapdragons, bird of paradise, and pink calla lilies in the bridal bouquet only. I had requested bird of paradise because it has sentimental meaning for me; when I realized that the bird of paradise I'd seen as a child was the kind used in landscaping rather than traditional floral arrangements, I contacted Pam and she made every effort to find it. Unfortunately, the landscaping version blooms from August to October, so it wasn't possible to use it for our May wedding--but as it turned out, the hardier floral arrangement bird of paradise was a much better choice anyway for the strong winds we experienced during the ceremony. It also worked better with my colors, since it has orange AND purple bits.We paid $~325 for my bouquet, a MOH bouquet, and two BM bouquets, including tax (HIGH in Clark County) and delivery to our hotel on the Strip (we were driving out to Valley of Fire). Pam gave us very careful instructions about how to preserve the bouquets on the way there; I'm glad she wasn't actually at the ceremony to see that wind, which gusted up to 50mph. The bouquets stood up AMAZINGLY, however. The snapdragons were a little wilted by the end of the night, and I lost a few Asiatic lily petals, but the bouquet still looked great in all the photos, and I'm not kidding about those winds. Everyone was astonished that the flowers held up so incredibly well. Pam does great work--I highly recommend her.  She is especially good for people planning from afar: very responsive, organized, and dedicated to putting together something that fits your vision.
5	Gorgeous flowers and easy to work with!I live in San Francisco, so I reviewed tons of florist websites in Vegas to fine The Palette.  I chose them b/c their site showed a variety of options and they were 2011 Best of The Knot.  I was not disappointed!I changed my order several times as the day go closer and never had any issues with them.  I chose hot pink/fuchsia as my theme colors.My order: * 1 bridal bouquet and 2 bridesmaid bouquets - Hot Princess Roses, Hot Pink Hydrangeas and Freesias* 2 corsages - Hot Princess Rose and Hot Pink Freesias, greens and ribbon * 5 Boutonnieres - Groom-Hot Pink Freesias; Others- Hot Princess Rose.  All w/ minimal greens  * 2 Side Towers and pedestals - 18" Across x 30" Tall arrangement of Carousel Roses (bi-colored; hot pink/white), Hot Pink Sword Lilies, Green Goddess Callas and Stargazer Lilies. Lemon leaf greens.  40" Glass Pedestal.  * 2 boxes of Rose Petals  ...all for about $700!My bouquet never wilted, until I threw it away 2 days later (I know, I didn't feel like traveling with it).
5	We used Pam for our March 2008 wedding and we were absolutely thrilled with everything.Pam is very knowledgeable about flowers.  She was always willing to provide us with recommendations and options to give us the best products with our budget.We ordered several different arrangements, and every single thing we ordered was fresh, beautiful, and arrived in plenty of time.We cannot recommend Pam highly enough.  She really loves her craft, and she's very talented, which makes for a winning combination!
5	We are using Pam for our wedding in February and wanted to right a quick review of our experience thus far. Absolutely fabulous. She has been one of my favorite vendors to work with I went from the bride who really didnt care about flowers to the OMG FLOWERS EVERYWHERE and she has dealt with both personalities flawlessly.  I think I changed my flower choices about 3x's and she was so extremely patient.  She also does a great job with recommendations. I cannot stand when you ask for a vendor's recommendation and they reply with "its your preference".  That is not Pam's style.  She really lets her expertise guide things.  I cant wait to see what she creates!
5	I ordered flowers from here for my wedding and was pretty specific about what I wanted. Not only were they so nice and helpful, the bouquet came out ever better than I imagined. I couldn't have picked a better company to do business with. Extremely professional, beautiful product, and great customer service!
5	Pam did a great job on the flowers for my son's wedding.  My husband and I live in California and we met with her on an earlier trip to Vegas. We went over flower and color preferences along with pictures plus she had good suggestions for undecided things.  She followed our recommendations and the colors and flowers were perfect (no Barney purple or bright green leaves).  The bouquets, corsages, boutonnieres, and centerpieces were beautiful and complimented the colors of the wedding.I would definitely recommend her for wedding flowers.  She will remove any unnecessary worries and do a wonderful job.
5	Our wedding venue referred us to The Palette, and I worked with Pam for several months to plan our floral arrangements for our destination wedding. My taste in flowers and color palette evolved over the months, and Pam was very patient and flexible. She updated our client worksheet numerous times to reflect my changing mind.Our floral arrangements were beautiful, they really set the tone for our wedding and they were exactly what we envisioned. Pam and The Palette were great to work with, I recommend their service.
5	If I could give ten stars I would! I contacted the owner last minute to do my wedding flowers and she was so helpful and affordable!! I walked into the venue and her work literally took my breath away! The arrangements were perfect and went beyond my vision!!!
