5	I heard about Debbie Downey from one of my stylists who saw a special she was having on endermologie, 3 sessions for $45 each. I have been intrigued by this treatment and have always wanted to try it out. What is endermologie you ask? Well the pamphlet states: the first worldwide, patented, FDA cleared process scientifically proven to reduce cellulite. What I say is....awesome! I have a gym membership that I hardly ever use, it is so hard to motivate to work out when I am on my feet working 6 days a week on average at least 10 hours a day. Now I had been thinking about getting weekly massages to pamper myself and help keep muscle soreness and tiredness at bay. But instead I am now getting the endermolgie treatments because it offers so much more than just a massage. It helps with detoxification, circulation, cellulite reduction, body sculpting, skin tightening and feels like a deep tissue massage. I love it! I bought the first 3 and then bought a package of 10. To be honest though I know it will be a weekly service for me. One of the problems I have been experiencing this past year is my hip joints will start to hurt after so many hours on my feet. Since I have started having Debbie work on me weekly, I don't get that pain even remotely like I use to. I have also already noticed a difference in my body, my hourglass shape is more defined. My stomach is flatter, my skin tighter, my buns are a bit more lifted. A girlfriend of mine gave me a booty slap and said, "Damn girl! Have you been working out? Your ass feels great!" True story.... Debbie herself is wonderful and always works with me and my hectic schedule. I instantly felt her kindness and already consider her not only a service provider but also a friend.
5	Debbie,Thanks for the great haircut. As a business professional it is important to look good for business however as a normal guy I don't want to waste time in a salon. You have been styling my hair for 5 years and I get compliments often. More importantly your cutting style ensures my hair will always look good even if my return back to your chair gets postponed. You are a great stylist and I recommend your services to all my friends and family. ThanksGregg
5	I bought a deal from Living Social and I was a little hesitant because I had never been able to find a place in town to do Endermologie that I really liked.  I used to get the treatments in Portland every summer.  Well, I am pleasantly surprised.  Debbie does a fantastic job and she has an amazing deal going on.  I am going to keep doing the treatments because I think this is what kept me from gaining weight last summer when in OR.
5	I heard about Debbie Downey thru LivingSocial I saw her special she was having on endermologie, 3 sessions for $45 each. I own a Med Spa we don't offer this but I am familiar with endermologie. Debbie give you an excellent treatment, excellent price, very professional! I have already referred a couple of client!! I would recommend her to anyone looking to get  endermologie treatments.
5	Endermologie treatments. Great stuff!!  Deep tissue detoxifying massage with a machine that doesn't hurt, and even relaxes, and also firms skin after a few treatments (like stretch marks from carrying children) with bonus of reduction of cellulite too.  I had never even heard of endermologie but tried this treatment and Debbie with a Groupon and ended up continuing the treatments throughout a whole-body dietary cleanse program I was doing since it helped clear out the detox symptoms and left me feeling clearer.  What I really like is that it's a whole-body treatment that clears the lymph and connective tissue and stimulates skin cells, etc., rather than purporting to "spot reduce" body fat or tissue in some way. I've been going twice a month now for maintenance and feel great every time I go.  Have to keep remembering to drink lots of water an hour before treatments and for several days after to help with the whole body "flush"....
2	Probably the biggest waste of money I've spent in awhile. The salon was adorable, loved the layout and the friendly small salon feel, but that's probably it. I bought a Brazilian blowout, haircut & style off of LivingSocial. I decided it was the time to put purple in my hair at the same time especially since I was getting such a good deal on the blowout and haircut. The man that did my hair was sweet but when I said I wanted to do a split with a bright purple he decided putting purple in small chunks around would be classier. I always take hair stylists advice because they see more, so I took it. He bleached my hair and then put the purple in but when he did the blowout, all the color was completely stripped. The haircut came out well, he mostly listened to what I said. He told me I could come back in a week to put the purple back in my hair. He convinced me to buy three products for my hair: shampoo, conditioner, and a once-weekly conditioning masque. After everything, I spent around 400$ including my tip. I came back the next week to put the purple back in my hair. The same man put the color all over my entire head. My hair is dark brown but after he dried it my hair almost looked black! I said that I was upset my hair looked a lot darker and he told me it was just because the purple was making it appear that way and it really wasn't darker at all. Afterward, not a single person even noticed I had purple in my hair. All that anyone noticed was that my hair looked darker to them!! I take very well care of my hair, not shampooing&conditioning it too often, I continued this practice after getting my blowout and dye job. I only washed my hair in cold water to preserve everything as well and didn't blow-dry my hair (how could I in an AZ summer anyway?) at all. Only about four weeks later and my blowout was completely gone. My hair started frizzing up again. I understand sometimes when people come into your work with a deal it's frustrating because maybe you feel they are cheap or something, but I paid for extra services and tipped off what the original price of everything would have been and still feel as though I was treated cheaply and completely ripped off. This salon won't last because they aren't that well known and giving poor service to well paying customers.
1	I purchased a LivingSocial voucher for a Brazilian Blowout. I hadn't heard of the salon, but since there were a few positive reviews on Yelp, I figured it was a safe bet. Unfortunately, it has been an absolute nightmare dealing with this merchant and trying to get the service scheduled. I have been attempting to schedule this service since May - it is now the end of July, and I have yet to get an appointment scheduled. When I first attempted to contact Debbie back in May, it took 5 calls, 2 voicemails, and multiple emails over the course of two weeks before I even got an initial response. Debbie scheduled an appointment for me in mid-June, but texted me to cancel the day of the appointment. When she canceled on me via text, she said she would still honor the voucher after the expiration date that was coming up in a few weeks, but has not responded to me since - and I have tried to contact her over a dozen times via text, phone, and email over the past month and a half. I don't like writing negative reviews for companies, but I'm shocked that Debbie is so unprofessional that she doesn't even have the common courtesy to respond to a new customer. I've dealt with vouchers where the merchant has been so overloaded based on running the coupon deal that they can't book an appointment for a month or more, which is completely understandable, but have never experienced a business that doesn't even respond to customers who pre-paid for a service and are trying to schedule an appointment. I've basically been stalking her trying to get this service scheduled - I've never felt more duped or cheated by a company.In my attempts to reach Debbie, I have also requested a refund of her via email and text if she is not able to schedule an appointment and honor the voucher - and not surprisingly, she hasn't respond to those requests either.
1	Buyer BEWARE!  I purchased a living social deal for 3 endermologie visits.  First appointment went fine.  She collected my living social voucher and I gave her a $20 tip.  The following appointments she did not show up!  She texted me that she can't make it 2 hours before a third try reschedule of my second appointment.  Debbie does not answer her phone or return calls promptly.  I have called living social and requested a refund of my 2 missed appointments.  I noticed that the BBB has several of the same complaints as I have here.  I will NOT go back to this place.  Not professional in their dealings with clients.
5	I saw results right away.   After 6 endo treatments I did the detox body wrap and lost 4 plus inches.   It's a great supplement to working out.   Great Price.   Good location.   Debbie is very flexible in her schedule.
5	I can't believe it's been three years since my first review!  I have been coming here, pretty much every week since then for my endermologie treatments, I love them and is what keeps my skin looking great.  I notice the difference when I skip my treatments while I am in Oregon during the summer.  Debbie also does my Brazilian blowouts.  She does an amazing job.  I have curly hair, but with the BB it makes is so much more manageable.  I do the treatments every 3 to 4 months.  Debbie also does a fantastic job with my haircuts.  I am trusting her with a lot of my beauty needs.
5	I just came back from Debbie's she has been doing my color also.  I was tired of my hair looking a little strawy, so I asked her to fix it.  She took her time and redesigned the whole color.  She put a lot of lowlights and 2 different kinds of highlights.  I love my new hair color, it has so much more dimension.  Debbie now does body and hair stuff for me.  I'm here more times than my husband probably would like to know.  Her prices are so reasonable and her work is amazing.  She takes pride in making you look your best.
