4	I discovered Smokilicious today at the SweetBarks Valentines Day fundraiser for Austin Pets Alive. And what a discovery it was! I find myself being a frequent customer here as it happens to be in the same LAZ parking lot as APA where I drop off my foster Pup almost every day on my lunch break. The woman who took my order said that this was their 2nd week in business and is their permanent location and that they are open everyday except Monday - did not get the hours but they serve breakfast tacos and lunch for sure. I ordered the Brisket Bar-B-Q Tacos that included 2 corn tortillas with flavor packed moist brisket, pico and guac. Yum!I tried Peter P.'s Frito Pie and while yummy it was too nutrient dense for anything I would choose to eat - got to think about my Girly figure and heart when ordering:) The Stuffed Baked Potato and the Sliced Brisket Sandwich are next on my list of "to try" on their menu. I am pretty sure I will be updating this place to 5 stars soon!
2	This new BBQ shack is hidden behind Crepes Mille and Perla.  Try to find it, it's quite an adventure.  Hopefully they will move a bit more out into the open!They offer a nice variety of BBQ meats, in taco form or plate form.  Cheap too.  I got the brisket, chicken, and fish.  Yep, SMOKED fish taco.The brisket and chicken were both a bit dry and underseasoned, but the fish was moist, and tender, though a bit fishy.Try it out, see if you like it.  Wasn't too impressed.  Seems pretty new, maybe they'll work out some of the kinks in the meat.
4	Smokilicious BBQ is not easy to find.  At least not as easy as the other shops and restaurants on South Congress.  However, if you go behing the Crepes Milles Aistream, just across from Perlas, you will see a small food trailer, and that is in fact, Smokilicious.I felt rewarded for this discovery today when I went up and ordered the BBQ sandwhich (brisket) lunch thingy.  It was 4.25 and well worth it.  You get two small but full sandwiches for that price and some extra BBQ sauce, some onions and pickles as well.The brisket was fatty, which is just how I like it, and the spicy sauce (optional) had just enough kick.  I'd go back, and if you can find the place you might enjoy it too.
4	Good, cheap BBQ. I had the chopped brisket sandwiches, and was very satisfied. Ask for a little extra sauce, if you're like me and can only enjoy a BBQ sandwich when you walk away from the experience with the stuff all over your shirt. Better than Muck and Dave's down the street.
