2	UPDATE: I'm changing my review of this place because they will not give you the lowest rate they advertise on a unit unless you move your stuff to that unit.  As you can image this can get old quick.  A few months ago I did just that, moved everything to a new unit to take advantage of the lower rate, now about 4 months later they INCREASED the rate  by 20% yet they still have the lower rate I signed up for  advertised for new customers.  When I called and inquired about this I was told that rates are not guaranteed and that they can increase.  Really? In just a few months? Well they might get $20 more from me this month but won't get a dime more in the future since I will be moving out and going elsewhere.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I've been renting here on and off for 10 years.  These guys not only usually have the Lowest a/c rates in the East Valley but they are also very clean, helpful and I feel my stuff (and myself) are pretty safe here. Also because its inside and air conditioned my stuff hasn't gotten damaged, minimal dust.  Go online to get the lowest rates.. usually 10-15% of the "office" rates. Also the upstairs rates are generally cheaper than downstairs but don't worry they have a big freight elevator.  Good place I would recommend it to anyone needing a/c storage.
5	Looking for a great storage unit and this place is super clean.  The staff is friendly and of course I had no idea it was only a $1 for the first month which was a bonus.  Dave was helpful and made things go quickly when I was on a schedule.  Love the 10x15 climate controlled and the unit is spacious.  Thank you Public Storage.  Keep up the good work!
5	Stopped in today to change my payment information on my unit. Dave was super helpful, gave me the forms to switch ownership and we can be on our way. We have been renting here for about 6 months and love all the help they have given us! They also have some of the best prices on moving boxes around!
5	My business has been storing here for about 2 years now.  Dave and his staff do an excellent job maintaining the property.  I most certainly would recommend if you are in need of storage.
5	Dave was awesome.  Public Storage, give him a raise!  he was very attentive and professional. The facility was air conditioned and secure.  I would happily do business with them again.  Thank you and Merry Christmas!!
