4	In about a 30 second-walk-radius (yes, this is an acceptable form of measuring distance) there are about 5 or 6 takeaways in Marchmont. This is one of my favourite of the lot (though, I don't like it as much as Delicious Italian, but that's because I'm addicted to gnocchi and artichokes). They serve everything from Indian food to Pizza. There's seating inside, but it's mostly occupied by friends of people who work there (from what I gathered, they all seemed to pretty friendly with each other, but I could be deluded). Their pizzas are kinda interesting. The one I like is one that has garlic butter and potato and red onion on it. I mainly like it for the novelty of having potato on pizza. It is kinda strange, right? But I also like getting pizza from here because they give you yummy garlic mayo with your pizza. What can I say, I like garlic. Definitely beats many of the takeaways in Marchmont, and it's pretty reasonably priced.
4	Kasbah is the love child of Mediterranean, Middle Eastern and Indian-esque food. There are curries, pizzas and things I had rarely seen before, but looked amazingly appetising. The pizzas are great, with obscure toppings including many Middle Eastern flavours, but they pull them off really well. Kasbah adds a different element to the standard pizzas and offers a good alternative to Delicious Italian across the road. The curries are authentic too, and actually seem like the food that you would find in Asia unlike many of the mass produced piles of rubbish you can find in Edinburgh. For me, Middle Eastern food is difficult as I am allergic to pulses (chickpeas, beans etc...I know it's a pretty lame allergy but meh!!) so I've got to be careful. I told the staff here and they made sure to avoid all things that could be dangerous and were cool about it. Great service and great prices too.
5	This is a great little place in the heart of Marchmont. They serve a great range of food, all of which is really tasty and filling at very competitive prices. me and my friends came here quite a lot and we worked our way through the vast array of different cuisines and options they had. They are surprisingly good at the range they do.Me and my flatmates lived quite close to the Kasbah so we always just went there, but there is a delivery service, but my friends have told me that the wait can be quite long, especially on weekends.Their pizzas are not too greasy and you can tell the dough is of good quality. They also do a range of curries which taste as good as I have had in some pretty posh restaurants, but with a much more doest price tag.
1	been trying kasbah for years and their service has droped considerably, recently i ordered a pizza and chicken pakora at 8.15 pm for delivery i didnt receive my order till 9.30pm bad service and gave us the wrong drinks
5	Great food, inexpensive and friendly service. What more do you need from a takeaway? The Green Chilli Dahl in particular is a favourite.
5	I love Kasbah and often go there for takeaway (I wouldn't recommend going to dine in as there is only one table that sits 6 people).The vegetable bhuna pizza is one of the best takeaway fusions foods you will ever had. I didn't like the sound of it when a friend took me there for the first time and ordered it, but after having it once I keep going back for this and often add in the mixed started combo which has a great variety of chicken/pork/veggie delights.It's cheap, the food is great and the staff are all very nice, perfect for what it is, no frills, just super tasty food.
