3	Salsarita's is a great place to grab a quick lunch while in a hurry. They've got tasty tacos, burritos and enchiladas, among the other Mexican staples. Fast and Fresh is a good way to describe the food here. It's not 5 star dining, but if there could be a quick way to get Mexican, this is it. You choose your own ingredients, which is even better, and your order is prepared right in front of you which is always good. There always seems to be a line here for lunch, which is a good sign, and the line moves quickly which is even better.
4	Really great food here! Always quick, clean and helpful!
5	This is a great place and the people are the friendliest. I really enjoy their food. It is always fresh. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone. The management is the best!
5	Gotta love Salsarita's, one of my favorite lunch spots.  Fresh food, great salsa, great prices!  My only suggestion would be to add grilled fish taco's to the menu.
3	IMHO Salsarita's chicken is nothing compared to Chipotle's.  That aside though I do love the fact that I can get fresh cilantro at Salsaritas!  The breakfasts here are my favorite since I hate normal breakfast food.  We do a lot of work breakfasts here and it is the one place everyone can agree on.  They have a breakfast quesadilla with eggs and potatoes and you can get whatever you want on it - great prices and super friendly staff!
4	Since I'm from CA and married to a Mexican woman, I would have to say this place is pretty good for Charlotte.  I love my local burritos and there was actual flavors at this place.  The carne asada had a lot of flavor and the salsa/guacamole definitely helped add flavor.  In CA this place would get 3 stars, but because I'm in Charlotte it's definitely 4 star worthy.  Good job bringing the flavor to the South!
1	Wow, not a lot of one stars in my review history so here we go......Salsarita's was the first "Mexican" place I tried when I moved to Charlotte....from Phoenix. Needless to say, I had high expectations, even if it was a step above Taco Bell. My first experience was absolutely horrible--I ordered a burrito which was cold, wet and dripping some kind of funky juice. Gross.I went there a number of times after my initial bad experience and all I can think is no. I went there solely because for awhile were no other Mexican food options Uptown close to me and they offer a number of coupons in the Citpass book. But I've always been disappointed there, even up to last wk when I went there for the last time ever. Maybe it's the fact that the food had no flavor (seriously how does spicy salsa have no flavor?) or the fact that any time I used my check card there and didn't give them a tip (you know since they prepared my food), they would add a $1 or $2 in the tip line.....every....single....time. No bueno, sorry Salsarita's, you are officially Salsash***ty's in my book.
4	I was a bit hesitant about this place. It was pretty full of preppy kids all out getting drunk. But then, every other place nearby was the same thing due to the NCAA Play Offs down the street.Well, I ended up in a secluded corner on the second floor. Despite the crowds and the fact that she had a twelve person table next door, the server was actually quite attentive. Drinks were reasonably priced. And the food, while not even close to authentic Mexican, was enjoyable. There were a lot of enjoyable flavor combinations that went down quite well. I will visit again when I'm in town.
3	Cute restaurant.  Honestly Ochos Mexican Grill in Los Angeles had better burrito bowl.  Their Chips were a tad bit salty.  Man my ankle swole up.
3	Quick Casual Mexican food might be the best way to challenge your intestines during your 2pm meeting.Salsaritas consistently delivers decent quality offerings.  The most surprising thing about this particular location is their ability to turn over the sheer volume that they do.  You walk by the line out the door at the lunch time rush and think 'no way am I waiting in line for that...' but low and behold, the line moves remarkably quick, and you're in and out with your taco salad in just a few minutes.It's not a wow-factory, but sure does bring to mind the massive innovations Henry Ford brought to the assembly line.
2	I'm maybe I'm missing something here because I found the place to be really underwhelming. The service was excellent friendly and fast but the food was . . . eh. I kept getting a 'chemical taste' off of the food and I'm not normally someone who is sensitive to that kind of thing, I got the brisket tacos and they ended up being 1) kind of chemical artificial tasting and 2) watery from the salsa. Not really a good combination. Maybe I chose poorly but I wasn't impressed at all.
5	I adore this Salsarita's. The food is consistent, it represents the brand well, and to top it all off the staff is fantastic. They have a greeter at the door almost every day and the staff will fulfill any request. I'm a salsa addict, and they will ad as much salsa as I want. Good food, fantastic staff.
4	I've been to this place over 100 times over the years of working uptown and just checked in for the first time. The staff here is great and friendly, the service is quick and its not very pricey. I love the chips and salsa and Mexican pizza and come quiet often for the breakfast.
5	The concept is typical - fast Mexican with a build your own food walk akin to Qdoba, Chipotle, Panchero's... But Salsarita's just tastes a million times better to me. I think it's the pinto beans. They're a mixture of cooked beans and smooth refried beans. Or perhaps it was the marinated chicken that almost had a smoked flavor. Whatever it was, my burrito bowl was out of this world. A madhouse of Mexican flavors for a smart price. My stomach wasn't remotely tore up after.
4	Another Uptown location that understands foot traffic. (I mention that because there are some that never seem to have enough workers. I guess trying to save a penny.)  There's always a lunch rush line and this visit no exception. However, I was able to get in and pay in less than 15 min. Plus you food is ready as you go along.Tasty options, and large dining room space. I would go again.
4	Knowing my love for Salsarita's on Rea Road, a coworker and I decided to head there for lunch. We arrived shortly after 12 and, like others have mentioned, the line was out the entryway.  However, even though the line was long it moves smoothly and didn't take too long.  Salsarita's has a rhytmn that seems to work, like an assembly line. I ordered the two taco combo with chips and queso, and a side of salsa.  I chose two soft tacos, which are steamed and topped with a meat, of which I chose chicken and pulled pork. Onto the toppings, lettuce, jalepeno, sour cream, guacamole and cheese to complete my order.  The chicken, just like the other location was great and the pulled pork was awesome, I wil definitely try that again.  The chips were fresh, some with a little extra seasoning that I love.  The queso was a little cold, but overall good.  A definite great spot for lunch, but may need to think about getting there a few minutes before 12, just to get ahead the large crowd.
4	Good food and great staff!
5	Great lunch spot in Uptown and despite sometimes very long lines, they are very quick and you never wait too long.They have great daily specials and employees are always friendly even on the busy days.Great guacamole and their nachos and taco salads are solid picks.
4	Yikes... as much as I frequent this place, I am puzzled as to why I haven't reviewed it - or maybe I reviewed another location by accident.  Anyways....  This location at Overstreet is super convenient to my office so I do get breakfast AND lunch here often.During the lunch rush, this place can be a mad-house with the line that stretches from the start of the counter out into the Overstreet mall main drag.  There is a dividing wall to keep it all together and make sure no one jumps the line and they recently added some extra pony walls for the dine-in guests to have more privacy and more crowd control (my bet).The folks working the line are always nice and the line moves fast (if customers know what they want and how the system works).This location also does breakfasts and lunches for offices so sometimes you can see the booths on the side of the restaurant are occupied by items for catering.
