4	Mexico City?  The one on Smithfield Street?  It has a new name and a new menu!  If you're a fan of that location - and I am(!) - you'll be happy to know that the same wonderful, AUTHENTIC (yes, I said it!)  Mexican cuisine is on the menu....and more authentic Mexican dishes have been added.Vicky has been the talent behind the kitchen for a while now. She and her husband have expanded the menu, added a choice of American OR Mexican-style preparations and upped the presentation.  Did you know she makes each and every tortilla herself?  Some of my dining companions got their old favorites and were as pleased as always - we are REGULAR customers.  One caution...be sure to specify Mexican-style or you may get American.  I tried the chilaquiles with fried eggs....the mildly spicy tomato sauce on top of crisp tortilla chips topped with beans, cheese and onion was a good way to chase away the cold and snow blowing past the windows outside!  The only suggestion would be to ditch the onion rings - pretty, but useless - and just sprinkle some chopped onion across the top instead.  Saves a lot of work for the diner.  Go check out the new menu...and congratulate Vicky on the recognition she so deserves!!
5	Hi all, I wrote a pretty detailed review on Mexico City's old Yelp page and you can see some of the older reviews there. The menu has a lot of the same items on it but they added a lot more plus changed their style of preparing some of the meals.This place is the best Mexican in the city! I'll take the challenge and go anywhere in the city to try YOUR favorite dish at another spot if you think this place is not the best. Here's the old Mexico City reviews:http://www.yelp.com/biz/mexico-city-pittsburgh
5	OMG, wait a pleasent suprise.  Having lived in New Mexico (Las Cruces) I know a thing or two about Mexican cooking.  No doubt about it, Vicky's is the real deal.  I had the Jalapeno Rellno, which was just fantastic.  Run, dont walk to Vicky's.
5	I come here with my co-workers for lunch at least once every other week because we really enjoy the food.  On the outside, this place doesn't look like much, but this restaurant (which used to be called Mexico City) has excellent authentic Mexican food for a very good price.  I usually get the tacos Mexican style (one of the changes they made when they changed from Mexico City to Vicky's is you have to specify American or Mexican style).  Normally, I get one chicken taco and one steak taco.  Along with the free chips and salsa which they give you as soon as you sit down, it makes for a pretty filling lunch.  I've also gotten both enchiladas and quesadillas at the restaurant and have greatly enjoyed everything I've gotten. I also enjoy the "entertainment" as Vicky's always has on Mexican comedies. Although I have no idea what they are saying, it adds to the authenticity of the place. Vicky's is definitely my favorite Mexican restaurant in Pittsburgh.
4	Food is excellent but don't let the hours listed fool you:  We tried going at 2:00 on a Saturday and they were closed.  Typical Pittsburgh.
3	I was more a fan when Vicky's Mexican Restaurant was Mexico City. My boyfriend and I had many of our earlier dates there and I have many fond memories of the time we spent dining there together. So I was overjoyed to learn that Mexico City had not closed but instead relocated only right next door and changed their name.I ordered two chorizo tacos Mexican style.  I used my student discount and got 10% off the total.  I was unhappy with my tacos. The preparation was straight up lazy.  The toppings were super stingy.  The chorizo was not spicy at all. I didn't even know that was possible.  I wanted more then anything to relive another great meal but that did not happen for me. VMR was not worth the trip down Grant Street.
3	Guac was made without lime and thus disappointing. Ambience was so-so. Food was okay. Eat here if it's convenient but don't make a special trip like we did.
1	Looked good! I walked in at 2:45pm on a tuesday afternoon for a late lunch and was informed they could not serve me because they closed at 3pm with posted hours outside 11am-8pm. Yep, not going there again. Who knows when they are going to be open.
