3	I tried this place based on Yelp reviews of other V's locations and wasn't disappointed. At $21 for a regular haircut, plus a $4 tip, I'd say I got what I paid for - a decent barbershop haircut. The shop sits behind a Paradise Bakery in the Norterra shopping mall on Happy Valley Road. It's a big place with at at least eight chairs, making or the largest barber shop I've ever been to. I was there in the early afternoon in a Wednesday and there was no wait. The woman who cut my hair said they're usually much busier and even suggested I call for an appointment next time. I took the number, but I cant imagine making an appointment for a barber shop hanging out, shooting bull is part of the experience.
4	Hair cut and old fashion shave!Honestly i really didn't want to cut off my curls. But i was so curious to get an old fashion shave...I went during lunch, so concerned of a wait time, i called ahead. NO WAIT. I still suggest calling, cuz they only have a couple barbers working at a time. *Even if there is a wait, just go next door to paradise bakery and get a cookie.You walk into a very nicely decorated shop, with TVs at everystation (Feel free to ask the barber to change the channel) My barber, foreign maybe turkish guy, was not chatty. But with a hot towel around your face, you really don't want to chat.He did a great job on a plain hair cut, spending lots of time on making sure both sides of my head are the same length. The close shave felt very good. My first time. He explained each oil and cream that he put on my face and spent extra time at the end going against my face to double check missed spots.I used to go to expensive salons, but this is a great substitute while i am crushed for cash.
5	I went for brow threading.  Yelena was extremely gentle and took her time making sure they were perfect!  I just found my new "brow lady" and she's just across the street from my office! LOVE IT!!!  Give her a try!
5	Need a hair cut, shave or a shoe shine?  This is the place to go, V's Barbershop at Norterra.  I've been going to this V's Barbershop for a while and they are always consistent and provide great service.  They are located, tucked behind the Paradise Bakery in the Norterra Shopping center.   Its a great location with plenty of places to eat lunch around them after your cut and shave.  They can get busy at times but they seem to keep up a brisk pace with their customers while not sacrificing the quality of their work.  So don't be alarmed when you go and you see three or four people ahead of you.  Take that time to get a free shoe shine while youre waiting.  All hair cuts include a shoe shine, a razor trim for your neck and then they throw a hot moist towel on your face while giving you a shoulder and neck massage.  The Barbers are all very friendly and experienced.  They can do just about anything to your hair but grow it.  So the next you need a hair cut, shave and a shoe shine, think about trying V's Barbershop at Norterra.  You won't be disappointed.
5	I get my haircut here once a week and it's always great..my barber's name is Al and he is awesome but all of the barbers are really good here.  You can even get a razor shave or a shoe shine while you are here.  Recommend scheduling an appointment because it can get pretty busy sometimes except on Saturdays because they don't do appointments on that day..1st come 1st serve.  Go check it out..you want be disappointed!
1	For twenty one dollars for a hair cut I thought I would get more than just a cut with the clippers.  To be honest it was kind of like going to Great Clips.  Nothing fancy just a quick hair cut so they can get the people out of the doors.
4	love this barber shop! I just wish they served beer whilst  I gets my hair did!
5	Best haircut my son has ever had. Thank you Alex!  At $15 you are a steal!I
5	I live in two cities in two different states and travel back and forth each month.  I tend to use services where I find them and haven't really found a  really great barbershop in the last three years.  While I was in Anthem this week, I decided to give Vs Barbershop at Happy Valley Road a try.  I rarely use chains and prefer a more intimate and personal hair stylist, but I was pleasantly surprised this time.  I was able to make my appoinmtnt online and choose the services I wanted to have with the haircut--very efficient.  I didn't know any of the barbers, so I just let the shop (?software) choose one.  I was treated to a superb haircut, a very satisfying shave, and a facial mask and massage.  My barber, Manuel, was precise, experienced, and he went about his business with style. I cannot imagine how many hot towels he used but I would not want their laundry bill. Finally, Manuel washed my hair AFTER the cut, which makes all the difference for the rest of the day. The overall experience was excellent and I am sure to return the next time I am in town.  Yes, the package was pricey but the haircut was standard price for this type of service. This is no Supercuts or Hair Salon--trust me on that.  If you are looking for that old style Barber experience with more than just a clipped head, please give Vs a try.  By the way, it is just behind Paradise Bakery in The Shops at Norterra.
1	..stopped in here on a whim to get the boyfriend a haircut n shave. they did a great job. and for me sitting and waiting was great...each station has a tv with sportscenter on it. however, we didn't have an issue until one of the barbers comes out from his break. he sat in his stations chair, texting and and then started talking shit to one of the other barbers. it was completely unprofessional and made me extremely uncomfortable and I wasn't even getting the one getting my hair did! what's worse is this kid instigated it with the African American employee and then when I glared at him long enough hoping he'd shut up..it appeared he got my message and then he tried to calm things down. Maybe he figured out I was writing this review about him. I hope he's fired..the one who started the shit talking. He clearly has no respect for customers, his fellow coworkers or this barbershop.
5	Brother, Father and Husband all got their haircut today at V's together.  They enjoyed it, loved their cuts and they will be back!  Each one of the barbers did an excellent job cutting their hair, did exactly what they wanted and looks great.
2	Lots of unblended lines for my boyfriends simple haircut. Boris was awful, no confidence with scissors, did more with hair dryer and product to hide mistakes. Worse, our bank statement shows they added an extra $6 to his tip! Isn't that illegal???? Amount doesn't match our copy.....Frauds! Calling the bank to revoke. Saw Alex cut hair a few stations down. His fades look clean on his clients if you must go here.
5	Iv heard alot of issues with this place but I have never had one myself. Each cut iv had has been great. The barbers were very nice and I enjoy getting my haircut here.
5	As usual another perfect cut.  Yelena is awesome!  There are several barbershops much closer to my office but I drive 25 minutes out of my way a couple times a month to get my hair cut by Yelena.  She always takes great care of me.
5	I have a weekly appointment for a haircut or tune-up and love the service and the environment!  It's a great place to escape from work, take a break enjoy great conversation. Yelena takes extraordinary care of me and she fades like a brother! Make sure you ask for her when you go in.
5	My wife bought me a gift card to V's for Christmas 10 years ago.  I was skeptical at first ...I'd been an $8 haircut guy up until then... but that all changed.  Since then I don't think I've been anywhere else to get a haircut.  The haircut is great, but the service and atmosphere are a welcome change from your regular salon experience.  I usually have Yelenna cut my hair if I make an appointment, but also do a walk-in if scheduling is an issue.Normally I do just a cut and a wash every 5 weeks or so.  A few times a year I'll treat myself to The Whole Deal (Haircut, Shave & Facial) and it is THE BEST.  I wish I could afford this every time.  If I could change anything I'd bring back the beer and cigars you used to be able to have in the chair.  But the world changes I guess.  They do a great job and treat you right.  Best haircut & shave I've ever had.
5	Awesome place Boris took good care and had lots of information and attention to detail. Next time ill get the hot strait razor shave as well.Really enjoyed the atmosphere and conversation. Ill definitely be back
5	Women have facials, pedicures/manicures and spa treatments to pamper themselves.  Men have the old-fashioned straight-edge razor facial shaves.There are four go-to places I always look for when moving to a new city/part of town: Pho restaurant, Gym, Grocery Store and Barbershop.  I tried Fantastic Sam's, Supercuts, Sports Clips, Barber Parlor and my gym's Spa Center (Lifetime Fitness) before I discovered V's.  Having experienced an old-school facial shave for the first time in my life during my last trip to NYC, I was searching around the Valley for something similar.  Thanks to a co-workers recommendation, I discovered V's on Norterra.Coming in the shop, the interior instantly reminds of the old-school barbershops, the kind where you see mobsters get assassinated while prepped for a shave in the old black-and-white gangster movies.  I had the great fortune of landing Yelena as my barber on my first visit.  Yelena was able to understand quickly how I wanted my hair cut (I am very peculiar and precise in how I wish my hair to look), and proceeded to give me the most comforting and precise haircut I've had in years.  Then came the face shave...The way Yelena prepped and shaved my face was pretty much exactly how my experience went in New York.  She first placed a warm lotion which softened my face, then hot old-fashioned shaving cream, and covered my face with a hot towel.  After that, she applied a cooling gel which was to soften my facial hairs, another bout of hot shaving cream, and a second hot towel.  By the time she was ready to start shaving my jawline with her straight-edge razor, the prep treatments were so soothing and therapeutic that I nearly fell asleep.  Yelena then proceeded to give me the closest and most meticulous shave ever.  She shaved and probed my face to find exactly how my hair grains were pointing at different parts of my face, and got every single hair off without once nicking any part of my face, jawline or neck.  Once she finished, she applying after-shave balm, skin-softening lotion, and then a cool tower with after-shave onto my face.  By the time she was finished, I felt like a brand new man, both inside and out.The entire process (called The Works package), took about an hour, so for anyone looking to experience this, MAKE SURE you set an appointment.  The package itself was pretty pricey ($45, not including tip), but for an hour's worth of being pampered and immersed in shaving heaven, it is a very small price to pay.  Going to get my haircut has now turned back to an enjoyable experience that I look forward to every month, thanks to this place.  Also make sure you ask for Yelena when you set an appointment; she is very well known for her expertise and service in all sorts of haircuts and shaves.  This was illustrated to me when there were four other barbers in the store, and they were sitting around waiting for new customers as the 5 present customers who were after me were all waiting for Yelena.  However, despite all the customers she currently has, Yelena also knows every single one and makes time to chat with you about your personal and professional lives while giving you the best haircut/shave of your life.  For as long as I live in Phoenix, V's Barbershop on Norterra and Yelena are the only source I go to for any hair-cut and shave.
5	Damn, the best barber in Phoenix (Jay) is now at V's in Norterra (Happy Valley). No one can give a quality barber experience like Jay-- I follow where he goes.
1	I used to really like this place. They were enthusiastic welcoming and gave a good haircut. they may still give good haircuts but the service element is starting to slip seriously in my opinion. I was barely greeted when I walked in. There was no communication between any of the barbers and their customers or each other. The barbers were just going through the motions. One of the barbers looked like he was bored out of his mind and like he wished he wasn't there. Another barber was talking on the phone while using the clipper on his customer!  Maybe it was a bad day but I think the owner of this particular store should take a look at it because this is not the first time I have felt this way. I was so uncomfortable I walked out.
5	Jacob is an awesome barber and V's is way better than that place across the street! I also love the the fact that you can get a shoeshine and an old-fashioned shave.
5	Just got the best haircut at Vs barbershop in happy valley from Jay, he's extremely precise and knows how to cut your hair exactly how you want it. So if you want the best haircut Jay is the guy. A+
2	Either half the people that work here are retarded or they just don't give a shit enough to listen to what the customer is asking for.  EVerytime I've been to this location , I get 1/2 ass service and 1/2 ass haircut.  Go to another V's location or another barbershop all together . Customer service here sucks
5	My regular place and Manny is the man. It is a barbershop (better that any supercuts) in the old fashioned sense. They greet regulars by name and we sit waiting in chairs in silence like real men should. Nobody makes me look like George Clooney quite like Manny.
5	Nick took care of me tonight, I didn't even know if this location and good to know now. Great atmosphere, and quality barbers.
5	Stopped in for the first time this past weekend and spent about 30 minutes waiting on a Sunday afternoon without an appointment. Definitely got a much better haircut than I was used to at some of the other chain type shops. Will be back soon.
2	They give a good haircut, but what's the point of making an appointment if they won't keep it? I come here often, and I think this will be my last trip to tis location. They always take forever so I started making appointments which they recommend. They still don't keep to the appointment times so I have to block an hour or more just for a simple trim. Morning noon or night doesn't matter. If I come early there's only one barber cutting. And any other time they're too busy so I'm going to wait no matter what. Maybe I'll luck out with another place instead.
