1	Food was typical Chinese food.WORST SERVICE  in east valley. I mean really worst.The owner and the Server discriminates customers.They seems to choose the table they want to serve and forget the rest of the customers.If you want their food, try delivery.I will not go back there,so does all my friends who were there with me.Oh, also they charged $1.00 extra for couple of lettuce that I asked for lettuce wrap.(lettuce wrap came with only 4 little pieces of lettuce ,I needed more)No other restaurant I've been charged extra dollar for a couple of lettuce.I don't understand why my review is not listed.average food, worst services!!
3	The large wor won ton soup was full of fresh ingredients and was a big serving.  The Mongolian beef, which is supposed to be a spicy dish, was not spicy at all, but was flavorful enough.  The General Chicken, which I've found is a totally different dish at every restaurant, was drowning in sauce, but had a nice little spice to it.If possible, I would've given 3.5 stars - 4 for atmosphere and service, which were by far the nicest of any of the Chinese restaurants that I've been to in the area so far and 3 for the food.
4	I haven't found a dish here that isn't good. Plus the chile sauce on the table is ridiculously spicy, but I put it on everything.
5	The Chinese food here is the best in town.  Like Lynn said, it is a huge step up from Panda Express and better value then PF Chang.  My manager highly recommended this place to me many years ago and he is very particular about his foods.  When I finally get time to try it out, I strongly agree with him.  The food is make fresh to order with the freshest ingredients.  The serves are exceptional.  And the place is really clean.  Try it for yourself and see what I discovered for myself.BTW. they been celebriting Chinese New Year with a traditional lion dance the last 3 years.  If you don't want to face parking problem at the Chinese Culture center (CCC),  you can see this performance here every year.  The performing team is very good better than the CCC.  Call to make sure about the date and time.  Your kids will loves this entertainment.
5	I've never been to the resturant but from a delievery stand point..They get the food out QUICKLY. They will tell you it'll take 40 minutes but five to ten minutes later the food is at your door and it's hot off the oven fresh.Over the years- I've tried almost everything on their menu and they can do no wrong. The food is great! They have the best crab rangoon and I love their Pineapple chicken.
5	Very delicious, authentic Chinese food. Their skills taste like they're fresh off the boat, and the food is fresher! Go here and order something new you add to your repertoire, or order your "usual" to discover the amazing difference in quality they offer.
5	You KNOW a restaurant is great when you go somewhere else and think, "Gee, so-and-so's food is soo much better than this..." Dragon Wok IS that restaurant, the one you compare all others to... the one that tingles your tastes buds and leaves you wanting more.This restaurant is a family favorite of ours. I can't tell you what to order... All I can tell you is that everything I've tasted here was delicious. Some dishes I'm in love with: Orange Chicken, Combination Lo Mein, Sweet and Sour Chicken, Gourmet Beef and their War Wonton Soup (yum!).Dragon Wok is a wonderful establishment: The food comes in family-size portions, it always tastes great (they'll even customize a dish for you!), the decor is nice and unique, and-most importantly-everything is CLEAN (the floor, the tables, the kitchen, and even the bathrooms).If you're wondering whether you should give them a try, the answer is "YES!" Dragon Wok provides wonderful meals, service and an environment that makes every dining experience enjoyable =]
4	This one of the 1st Chinese place I've tried on the east side. I have to say that overall I really like them for a couple of reasons. First, they deliver to my place so that works great for me & they are always delivering it hot and faster than I was expecting. Second, they have the kind of crab puffs I love. Not fancy or overly crabby. Then finally they have a good sweet & sour sauce. I ordered (always do) the sweet & sour chicken & crab puffs. My hubby had the orange chicken. We are both picky about these favorite dishes. I like their S&S Chicken but would like it better with maybe better quality chicken. The chicken is good, but not awesome. My husband like the orange chicken and he usually doesn't at most places. He's also a die hard Panda Express orange chicken guy. The prices are good and the staff is friendly. I have only gotten takeout or delivery from here so far, but I am very happy with it overall.
4	This place is great tasting and beautiful inside! Great service every time. I get the combination lo mein each time I go and it's wonderful and full of flavor! It's huge and you get alot of noodles, which I like. This is a complete gem found in a strip mall that can be easily overlooked. Please check this place out! Such a great idea when your not in the mood to get all dressed up, but want the ambiance of a nice dining experience!
5	There was a 2 month period where I was working from home and exclusively ate delivery from Dragon Wok.  During this time I got to try most of the menu (my favorite is lemon chicken).  I get take out from here almost once a weekThe owners are very nice people and the food is amazing.  When you go in, the kitchen is visible and you will actually see Chinese people cooking the Chinese food.  The pot stickers are hands down the best I've ever had in my life.  The entree portions are big; enough for 2 people (or for two meals)Getting take-out or delivery is quick and it's always hot.  When I've been in the restaurant sitting down, sometimes the service is slow, but I don't really care, I'm not in a rush.  I love this place and have been coming here for years (and will continue coming here) :)
4	I took my three year old daughter here and we had a great lunch! Beef lo mein was excellent lunch combo choice. Big portions...you will not leave hungry. What I love about this place is the chili paste on the table. It's a perfect spicy condiment for a Chinese meal. Friendly service and nice decor. Too bad it's in an old albertsons shopping center. Go here for great Chinese.
3	Went here for Christmas dinner, a'la A Christmas Story. We weren't the only ones with the idea! Very nice place. Had calamari for an appetizer, was spicy and wonderful. My main meal of lobster tail with shrimp and vegetables was a little on the bland side, though still very tasty. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their meals too, and service was excellent.
2	We ordered two large soups (wor wonton & egg drop) and a small appetizer.  Not a good value for the $25.00 take out! Well over priced!
3	Good Chinese food. The restaurant is nice and clean with a friendly staff. The one problem is the price, you can spend the same money and get some really good food elsewhere.
4	Great Chinese restaurant  with good lunch prices!This chinese restaurant actually has good service, food,a nd prices - I came across this place during lunch and am a fan. The food is tasty and not watered down ( which is a good sign that they don't cut corners). It has tasteful decor and and nice portions. I recommend their orange chicken and beef with brocoli - which is freshly made . Must try - if you like chinese food - you better start/stop here!
2	Went in n a Valpak coupon. Had dinner there. It was super slow, but thought maybe because nothing else is open around them.The Super market was closed down. The service was friendly, that's a Pro. the Cons, where do I start. Food was hot on one side, colder on the other or in the core of the meat. Wierd.Food took a lil longer, but that was ok, if it was busy. It was a lil $$$ for the quality of the food. I will not leave Pei Wei again, I swear.My last thought, we should of ate next door at Los Fav taco shop.
5	Since moving to the valley 11 years ago, I'm still yet to find a better Chinese restaurant than Dragon Wok. The mongolian beef is the amazingly tender and perfectly seasoned. Even my 85 year old father orders it and he usually bitches because he can't chew steak with his false teeth. I also highly recommend the salt and pepper calamari as an appetizer...best I ever had.
4	Dragon Wok is a really nice place for lunch. After talking with the waitress for a few minutes about the menu, she made a suggestion for a dish not included on the menu - she pumped up the spices and cut down on the fat - fabulous, simply fabulous. I always enjoy restaurants that will work with you to create something truly enjoyable. I'm sure we wouldn't have received this level of service if the place had been slammed at the time - but it was definitely one of the best lunches we've had out in a long while.
1	So my family and I went to this restaurant tonight due to an article that was written in our local paper about it. Raved as one of the top 100 chinese restaurants in the nation.  I am not sure what nation they are talking about but I get better food at my neighborhood PF Chang's.Atmosphere is nice but the kitchen is too open, you can hear all the noise.  They play constant whistle/flute music, which would be calming, however they play it at too loud of volume so it comes across as more annoying than calming.The soda machine is right by the tables so they were filling the ice while we were eating and it was very loud.We were seated right away but then proceeded to wait about 10 mins before being approached by anyone.  Not only were we ready with our drink order by the time the server arrived, we had read the menu and decided on our food as well.The food took quite a while to come out of the kitchen despite only having a few diners there.  The appetizer of lettuce wraps was boring and non flavorful, served with only 4, non appetizing almost all white iceberg lettuce leaves, the non green part I usually throw out and the price of $9.99 was ridiculous.We ordered 3 entrees, all tasted the same, which was like nothing.  I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.  I will say a couple of good points were the beef, chicken and seafood they used were of good quality.  The scallops were very large, beef tender with no fat or toughness and the chicken was the same.  However it was hard to enjoy due to none of it having any flavor.  I was hoping the reviews I read about the food being bland on the way to the restaurant were wrong but they were right on point.Dinner was about $65.00 with tip for 3 of us, that was only 3 entrees and 1 sad appetizer...I paid less taking my daughter and a friend to BJ's, got a ton more food and it was much more delicious.One last note, tables are too close together.  I enjoy a dining experience without having people right next to me, which is how some of the tables are here.  One long bench against one wall but with tables and chairs lined up.  I will take a private booth any day!This is the first review I have ever written for a restaurant so for me to take the time, you know I am speaking the truth!  Save your money people, I will be spending mine somewhere else.
1	I have to state that I'm hard on Chinese food because I've had plenty of delicious gourmet, authentic Chinese food in the bay area, LA, and China.Let me set the stage with a couple words: No chopsticks.This restaurant caters to non Asians, which is fine for some people but not my style.  How can a Chinese restaurant not have chopsticks in their place settings?  If you're looking for delicious and authentic, this is not the place.  If you're looking for a Panda Express equivalent in a nicer restaurant setting that serves alcohol, then this is it.The decor is fun in a stereotypical Chinese decor way.Service is pretty good in the sense that the waiters/waitresses are very polite and nice, but I was waiting for long periods of time multiple times during my one dining experience.Arrived at 6:30pm, 15-20 min wait for a table, 20 min wait for food, 10 min wait for my food to be packaged up.  Ok...wait for table is normal for a busy place like this, wait for food was a little too long, wait for the packaging of my left overs was plain ridiculous.  I'm guessing they were too busy for their own good and that's why it took so long.Why is this place so busy and why does it get so much press?  NO IDEA.  It boggles my mind.  There are better take out places and sit down restaurants in the world of Chinese food in the Phoenix/Mesa area.
5	Great food, good prices, nice staff.  This is one of our favorite lunch places.We love going to Dragon Wok for lunch after church on Sunday's.  The restaurant can get pretty busy at dinner time, but during lunch, we are always able to get seated right away.  The hostess recognizes us as soon as we walk in the door and always asks us where our son is if we don't bring him with us.  It's the best feeling to be remembered!The lunch menu is really well priced (about $7 - $9 per entree) and each entree comes with fried rice, an egg roll and crab puffs.  It's the perfect amount of food for me.  The staff is pretty good about keeping drinks full; I fell like this wasn't always the case, but in recent visits it has been perfect.There is no dessert menu at Dragon Wok (maybe we'll get one someday), but fortune cookies are always delivered with the check.
4	Very good, not the best I ever had , but Good. Very friendly staff and so clean . The only down side its in the spendy side for us, but not crazy. We go a lot. Our absolute fav place to go is the Jade Palace in Scottsdale, the owner here said they were good friends which I like :)
4	I really enjoy Dragon Wok. It is tucked away in a little strip mall on Ray Rd in Gilbert and is very unassuming, however once inside it is clean and comfortable with nice furnishings. The service has always been great, the female manager/owner (I'm not sure which) recognizes us when we come in, even though for awhile it was only every few months (we lived out of state) She is very nice and sweet.I recommend Dragon Wok for lunch over dinner - they have great specials that include an entree, crab wonton, egg roll, and rice for around $7 or $8. Dinner gets a bit pricier and everything is a la carte - the dinner prices are close to PF Chang's pricing, which seem high considering it is such a small restaurant and in a strip mall. The food is great! Very freshly prepared, great veggies, sauces that aren't thick and sticky. I typically order the General Chicken, which is spicy but not overly so. They pass the "egg roll test" that I have for Chinese Restaurants: their egg rolls are delicious! Crispy with a wrapping that isn't too thick or too thin, doesn't taste like old frying oil, and the filling is a nice blend of veggies. I do wish that they offered desserts - I always feel like something sweet at the end of the meal and have to be satisfied with just a fortune cookie :)
4	I've gotten take-out and delivery from Dragon Wok plenty of tiems through the years and I finally ate there last night. I was shocked when I saw all the negative reviews on here as I have always loved the food from here. The hot and sour soup is perfect with huge pieces of shrimp and just the right amount of spice and veryy flavorful. I have had numerous dishes and they are always fresh and delicious. Their Kung Pao shrimp is great. I always order everything extra spicy so they kick it up a notch for me. All of the co-workers and friends that I have recommended this place to really enjoy it. They deliver people! Just sit your fat butt on your couch and they'll bring ya some Lo Mein to put in yer gullet.
5	I am from the east coast and it has taken me 3+ years to find a good chinese restaurant in Arizona. Excited that they deliver. Highly recommend.
4	I initially heard about Dragon Wok from a co-worker and I was shocked to find out that there was a Chinese place this close to my house.  I drive by it all the time but never noticed that it was there.  I picked up my food from there (had to get home) and got two lunch specials, the generals chicken (one of my fave entrees from chinese places) and the sesame chicken (never really been a fan but my fiance really likes it).  My first glance at the meal I was about to dig into was the portion size, usually when I order from restaurants of similar menus I get mountains of food, however when I started eating by the time I finished I was surprised at how full I was.  The generals chicken was so tasty and tangy and had the big sized chicken pieces not the little nuggets dunked in sauce.  I don't know if I got lucky but there were 3 bell pepper slices hidden under the delicious sauce that were just fantastic.  On the flip side it didn't come with lo mein (something I personally believe compliments the entrees), but the fried rice was very good and settled very nicely on top of the entree (I dribbled a little bit of the Generals sauce on it to give it a little boost).  Needless to say I love chinese food and this place did not disappoint.  My fiance enjoyed the sesame chicken, and (as usual) I wasn't to impressed with it.  Overall It was pretty good, they were quick and very polite, and I will be back to eat it again.
3	This is my family's favorite Chinese place in the valley. My 5 year old even asked to go there for her birthday! We went for Christmas dinner this year and have been back a few times since then. It's kinda far from our house otherwise we would be there more often! Service is quick, food is great and reminds me of going out for Chinese food with my mom when I was little. ... oh and you can ask for chopsticks but forks are provided. I am sure it is not very authentic but it is what I would expect from American Chinese cuisine.
4	Usually I patronize greasy spoon take-out Chinese places with smeared windows, but it was a real treat to find Dragon Wok.  It feels nice to go in feeling clean and come out full and still feeling clean, unlike some other establishments I've been in.We always do lunch because I don't like paying nighttime Chinese food prices.  Seems like they double at night and then I spend way more on booze and end up $100 poorer, only to end up hungry again a half hour later.The food at Dragon Wok is always fresh.  I feel like they may have just made those potstickers I was served from scratch.  And they make Mongolian Beef just the way I like it:  nice brown sauce, tender beef, lots of green onions, and a few fresh mushrooms.  Perfect.   The service is always friendly and fast, but not too fast.  I've never felt rushed here, unlike some other places where they drop the check with the food and say, "No hurry, I'll be your cashier when you're ready", which really means "Throw your cash on the table and gtfo so I can turn this baby and get more tip."   I like that the owners are walking around making sure everyone is happy and they will help a server when they need to.  I hear a lot of laughter here too which means happy customers.  Always a pleasure dining at Dragon Wok.
4	So good..  I love the food... Highly recommend it
4	The first thing I noticed when I walked into Dragon Wok was the atmosphere. It was relaxed, inviting, and cozy. I arrived with a very large group around lunchtime and despite our tremendously large group, we received all of our dishes rather quickly! The staff was wonderful, courteous, and friendly. I ordered the general chicken lunch special and it was fantastic! The style in which they prepared their dishes was different than the usual takeout, but in a way that was undeniably unique, as well as satidfying. I was more than pleased with my meal, and the little appetizer things were to die for! I definitely would recommend stopping by for lunch, because I sure know I know I will again!
4	EVERY TIME I go here it's delicious! So lite and flavorful. Not so filling like your typical chinese. Def homemade. ... Calamari, potstickers are always a hit. For entrees the generals chicken, twice cooked pork, orange beef, scallops, pineapple shrimp. It's all great. And I like that it's not ever crowded. The staff is always a delight. If I had to give one criticism, it'd be to bump up the spice level on the "spicy" dishes. ... Also, 5 dollars for a large saki bomber at happy hour is pretty nice
2	We got delivery and paid $33 for not a lot of food compared to what I'm used to from other places I've gotten before. I am partial to a crispier sesame/orange chicken and this was the opposite (very mushy and spongey).
4	This is a great mom and pop place. Sam and Lola do a great job. Clean, Friendly, Relaxing, Great Soups and over all good food/quality. We come here to get soup when we are sick.. I drive 15 miles to get it!  Been eating here about 8 years. Funny to read some of the other reviews... Here is the thing..we have our favorite restaurants, things we like better at one place over another.... my mom and I really enjoy dining here.  No ones lettuce wraps beat PF Chang's, but these are nice. I feel they take pride in what they serve...if you like spicy you can ask for spicier.  I do not hesitate to send food back... I have never sent anything back here.  I have never had cold food here either. **** I am a fan of non-chain places!
4	Staff was very friendly! The resturaunt itself seemed nice and clean and a good place to have a sit down dinner at.  I ordered the pineapple shrimp with some extra veggies as take out.  Not many veggies were in the dish, but I find that to be typical from Chinese food take out places.  They gave me chicken instead of shrimp in my order.  Sad panda.  Still, it was good.  Not quite as crispy as I like, but still yummy. The veggies were great as was the sauce, so I'm sorry there were not more veggies.   The pineapple was not that sweet.  Tasty, just not what I've had at other places.  This is actually my first Chinese food in Arizona.  We shall see how it measures up to further chinese take out ventures.  I'd order from them again, but I have nothing to compare it to out here.
2	Tried this place based on the rave reviews.  I do not understand the praise.Hot & Sour soup was the best part of the meal.  Unlike most places, it wasn't loaded with corn starch and it had a nice kick.  On the other hand, there was barely any vinegar flavor, and it reminded me more of a spicy ramen broth than hot & sour.  Had to eat around the overcooked shrimp.  There was something on the menu called Twice-Cooked Chicken; I expected it to be chicken that was boiled and then stir-fried (like twice-cooked pork) but it was just the battered chicken chunks from the orange/sesame dishes served in a brown sauce.  My fault for not asking.  The cuts of chicken were nice, but the coating was mushy and spongy, as other reviewers have said.  Sauce was bland.  It was hard to pick a vegetarian dish since the restaurant's veggie selection is basically limited to the garnishes that go in the meat dishes.  I went with the Kung Pao Tofu; it had a random chunk of pork in it, and the tofu was so soft it was almost like eating pudding.  Sauce was bland.Side of fried rice was tasteless.   Restaurant had good ambiance and the wait staff was attentive.  Entrees were $10 for the tofu and $11 for the chicken, which was a bit high relative to portion size.  I feel that Dragon Wok is trying to be an "upscale" Chinese restaurant in the model of PF Chang's.  PF Chang's is not one of my favorite restaurants, but at least their menu expands beyond the most basic of carry-out standards and they know how to fry their chicken.
5	Love this place!!!
3	Ate there for the first time last week. Walked in and it smelt really good ad it was clean. Had good service, we received our food in a timely manner. And everything tasted really good, until a hair was found in one of the dishes. So we informed our waitress and she took the plate, it took her a couple min the come back and when she did she said we could choose something else and the manager Would take it off the bill. After that happened the service portion went down immediately. The manager never, not once came to the table to apologize, to reconcile the situation. After the waitress brought out the second dish she stayed away from the table, didn't even refill our drinks unless we caught someone walking by, and by the end of the meal she didn't even drop off our check she had someone else do it. I'm a firm believer in good service. Even if the Meal isn't that great service has the opportunity to make up for it. And they failed on that note.
5	I had my order delivered to me and not only was the food DELICIOUS (I got the crab puffs and the shrimp lo mein), the guy who delivered my food was really nice! I will definitely order from here again.
4	As far as American-Chinese food goes, the food is very good at Dragon Wok and always hits the spot!
1	Ordered sweet and sour chicken to carry out and asked if the sauce could be put on the side, was told yes. When picking up the order was charged and extra $1.50 for putting the sauce on the side. When asked why they hadn't said anything before she said "it's only a dollar!" Actually it's $1.50 plus tax.  Wish I had just left the food there and walked out.  Customer service is not present at this restaurant and $14 for one order of just ok sweet and sour chicken is way too much.  I will not return and would not recommend Dragon Wok to anyone.
4	I have ordered from this place for a few years now.. Not terribly often, but probably a dozen times over the past few years..?  First off.. I've always either gotten delivery or pickup, so I can't really speak to the dining experience there.. Though when I have picked up, it seems nice enough inside... the staff seems friendly enough as well.  Basically, I've never had a bad meal here.  I'm not a Chinese food aficionado by any means, but I've never been disappointed here as I have at other places.  I typically get the happy family, sweet and sour chicken, or some sort of lomein + some sort of appetizer.  I don't really know what to say other than I've never been disappointed.  The only negative is that its a bit spendy...  Which probably why I only go here every once in a while.
3	I have been trying to find a "nice, clean, sit-down" Chinese restaurant around where I live.  I was really hoping Dragon Wok would be "that place".  Unfortunately not.  The food was "ok"... I have had better from at least two "take-out places" (but they are not the type of place you go for a sit-down dinner on a Saturday night).  The "service" was spotty.  Our waitress came over quickly, asked us what we wanted to drink and proceeded to NEVER bring two glasses of water.  The waiter who brought over our appetizer immediately noticed we did not have any beverages at our table and asked if we asked... we told him "yes, but our water was never delivered".  He immediately bought over our water.  We ordered one of our "favorites" which we have had many times and many different Chinese restaurants..... Happy Family.  I "noticed" it indicated "lobster tail" in the description.  I thought that was odd, I have NEVER seen this dish delivered with a "lobster tail".... lobster "yes".... lobster tail.... "no".  I thought maybe it was just a "typo".  When the dish arrived, sure enough it included a "miniscule" lobster tail.  Think about it... you have two people, one of us had to place the "lobster tail" on our plate and proceed to extract the lobster from the tail... then divvy it out.  Well, it is a good thing where was only two of use, because between us, there was about a "tablespoon" of lobster.  Apparently they think giving you a "tail" allows them to not include very much lobster in the dish.  I have always had much more lobster, and not the fake stuff from anywhere I have ordered this dish.  So.... I cut this "miniscule" piece of lobster in two and placed it on my date's plate.  The actual dish was ok.... good at best.... nothing special.  Our appetizers (we ordered the "sampler platter" and  again "ok"..... NOTHING was at all special.  Unfortunately, this is NOT the restaurant we hoped to find.  Our search continues.
2	Today was the first (and most likely the last) time I've eaten here.   The first thing I noticed was the prices of the items on the lunch menu.  To me, they seemed to be a little on the high side.  Then I noticed that the meals didn't even come with soup...that was another $1.50.  Anyway, I was there, I was hungry, so I ordered an iced tea, the Kung Pao Shrimp and Chicken (extra spicy) and added a cup of wonton soup.   So, I'm sitting there...and sitting there and sitting there...thinking, "Geez, it's taking a long time to get my cup of soup.  Maybe they're bringing it with the meal."  Finally, the soup came out.  I looked at it and thought, "What the...?"  I'm sorry, but when I order wonton soup, I want wonton soup.  This one had the wontons in it, but it also had strips of pork, a mushroom, a piece of broccoli, a snow pea pod, etc.  While I normally like each of the added foods, I don't want that stuff in my wonton soup.  It didn't taste like the wonton soup I was expecting.  So, I finished that and waited some more for my entree.  When it finally came, I was shocked at how small the portion was...especially for the price they charged.  Here's the reason I am giving them 2 stars instead of just one: the kung pao, egg roll, crab cheese wonton, and rice were really good.  Just wished it was a larger serving for the price.   As for the service, all I can say is, "Meh."  They got the job done, but I felt the girl serving me didn't care.  When she sat me, instead of asking what I wanted to drink, she just left to continue what she was doing when I walked in.  After 7 minutes, she came back and took my drink and food order.  I will say that she and the other woman working there (I'm just guessing it was the owner or manager) did keep my tea filled, but no one ever came back to check and see if everything was ok after I had gotten the food.  They would walk up, fill my glass with tea, and then walk off.   So, even though the food tasted pretty good, I doubt I'll be back.  There's another Chinese restaurant down the street that's just as close to me as this one, and their meals are larger, their prices are cheaper, their service is better, and their food tastes just as good to me.
5	I like the place. Pretty cozy. Chinese theme even the music. Good customer service. I would go back next time.
4	I love the food here! For us, it is fresh and the fried rice is uh-mazing! :) I love this place, but it's a little pricy.
2	I have been ordering from the restaurant for a couple years. I used to order it all the time when I worked at the Blockbuster that was down the street from it because it tasted awesome. Lately though the food quality has taken a bit of a turn.The Beef and Broccoli has a great sauce and the broccoli in it is always fresh and crisp, but the beef is another story. It has a strange soggy texture to it that was so off-putting that the last time I ordered it, I had to toss it. My boyfriend likes the Honey Chicken which also has a really good sweet and spicy sauce but they batter the chicken and fry it. Usually that isn't a problem, but the last time that we ordered it, it was under cooked because we could taste the rawness of the batter.Another thing is that they charge a lot for their food. 14 bucks for under cooked Honey Chicken, no thanks. I can get better tasting and properly cooked food from Chen's or ACE for a lot less than that.All in all I've tasted and had better Chinese food than here for a better price to boot.
4	This place is great! They have the best crab puffs in town. They give you enough food for two meals, and it all comes out hot and fresh. I love the walnut shrimp and the honey chicken. You can tell they use quality ingredients. The staff is friendly also!
4	Our first time here and the sweet and sour pork excellent.The prices are a little high but worth the money.
5	My husbands family loves this place! The dumplings are fabulous and my husband loves the crab puffs with spicy mustard. The ingredients seem fresh and they have great lunch specials! I must on anyone's list in my opinion!
4	People are nice and food is consistence. Probably the best won ton soup I have ever had.
2	Last night we ordered food for pick up. It was very busy that evening. But when I stood near the front podium where they seat people and the counter you pick up orders from I was ignored for ten minutes. After saying to manager that I'm just picking order up she walked away. and then when she  came back just didn't acknowledge me. The bartender I'm assuming who seemed to be in charge of bar and pick up counter also ignored me the whole time until i yelled excuse me I just need to pick. Up order I called in he turned looked at tickets and grabbed what he thought was my order handed it too me witch by the way the bag was sealed and sitting on counter the whole time I waited. I get home and the order was wrong. General chicken shouldn't have shrimp in it. So I brought it back. The manager whining noted me earlier goes thru the good and tells me it's correct order !!! No I feel like a dummy so I leave the testurant to bring food home. The same food I got the first time, we finally open the top of container it was see threw and yup that's shrimp and honey chicken. Not what we ordered so we call the restaurant they want to bring us the right order but by this time an hour has passed foods cold my wife whom is pregnant and about to have baby any day is starving as am I. So we told them we wanted refund witch they did give us. But what a hassle. Hence I will never go back to dragon wok again. Ohh and the sweet and sour chicken was right but they cover the chicken in the sauce instead of serving the sauce on the side with crunchy chicken you get soggy sauce drenched chicken. The part that pissed me off the most was while I was being ignored another waiter was asking where to bring drinks to and that bartender looked right at me eye contact and said no not him around the corner behind me. At that point I finally yelled for his attention!!!!'   Don't waist time or money here !!!!' Hot wok is better and cheaper and right down the street.....
