4	Stadium seating, slightly cheaper prices, and a soon-to-be-opened IMAX make this my favorite movie theater in Madison.  It's also conveniently located near not much of anything except the beltline.  Oh, and don't be trying to order your snacks with a credit card, jackass.
3	Employees less than friendly, theater reeked of burnt popcorn--my husband was nauseated throughout the movie from the smell.  On the plus side, the seats were very comfortable.
4	Good good theater.  The parking lot is a little tight.  Sometimes in the winter the cars are parked so badly together that you can't drive down a row because two long cars are both sticking way out of their spots.  When the snow piles up anyhow.  I've been to many movies there.  Always got big, comfortable seats, and the crowd is typically not obnoxious.  The theaters aren't the cleanest ones in the world, but it's not bad.  The bathrooms are huge too.  Between the choice of going to Star and Point, I always pick Star unless there's a more favorable schedule at Point or if I'm meeting people at Point.IMAX is cool but when I went to see batman, they must have had an insect problem in the projector room.  There were a bunch of giant flies on the screen the whole time.  It sounds bad, but it didn't bother me.  Also, I think the volume is turned up a little too high in the IMAX theater.  Finally, they showed us some IMAX infomercial starring oen of the local news teams.  It was sorta stupid... plus... it clearly wasn't filmed in IMAX, rather some janky non-HD TV camera converted to film.  At least there was only one movie trailer (Watchmen).  Despite all that, I think it's a gorgeous screen and I'm looking forward to going again.
2	IMAX is not really a literal IMAX so don't be fooled. Basically just a slightly larger movie screen, not the all-encompassing feeling of the ginormous screen of a true IMAX.So yes, if you paid the extra $3 for your ticket...well. I'm sorry.The 'regular' theater is okay I suppose, but overall kind of disappointing. Although the chairs are comfy...the sound is kind of lackluster. I went to see Public Enemies here and at one point during the movie, the sound shifted around... ?Also, pretty warm for a movie theater, as in summer, people usually go to theaters as a way to get a little free air conditioning.The prices are fair I guess...hopefully after this recession they will take some initiative and improve the overall experience!Not to mention it's in a location that is a nightmare to get to for us pedestrians!
4	Went to see Avatar in the IMAX 3D the other night and it was AWESOME! I've always liked Star Cinema, I think it's relatively always clean and quick.  You get tickets fast and through the snack line fast too.  My only complaint is that the Dippin Dots machine was out...ugh.  But otherwise the movie was awesome, the chairs were comfy, and my friends and I were very comfortable and full of delicious, unhealthy food.
2	Not pleased.  Went to a Sat evening show and ticket prices were $10.00 per person since AMC took over. That wasn't even a 3D or IMAX show.  It was also the 3rd time that I've visited where the snack counter person sneezed, wiped their nose, didn't wash their hands and then got me a soda & popcorn.  Gross.  On the upside, the seats are comfy.
3	This movie theater is pretty good.  Seats are comfy and big and they have the nice elevated seating so someone's head isn't blocking your view at all.  Never had a problem with movie quality or sound.  Cleanliness is just alright...what you would expect from a big theater like this.
4	Other than Sundance, this is probably the best theater in Madison from a cinematic experience.  This is due to having good sound (DTS or THX), screen size and ample seating in their "standard" theaters.Their IMAX screen isn't one of the special 180 degree dome screens, but instead is a "Multiplex Design" using IMAX's standard (but very large) flat, rectangular screen.  The benefit is you get to see 70mm (and more often now, 3D) films regularly.  The arena seating in the IMAX theater as good as well, although the ticket prices for an IMAX+3D film are pricey at $12.50 per ticket at a matinee show, which I believe goes up to $14-15 during regular showings.I drove out of my way to go to this theater for almost every movie (except art films) instead of the "UltraScreen" theater that was a half mile away from where I lived at the time, and I'm glad I live even closer to Star now.My biggest gripe with this place is that they no longer butter your popcorn for you.  This may seem like a small thing but bear with me for a minute.  Currently, if you want it done "right" you need to get your popcorn filled halfway, walk to the self-serve butter station and butter your popcorn, return to the concession area where there may or may not be someone available to fill the rest of your popcorn, and then butter it yourself again.  This is an inane policy for two reasons: 1) You're wasting your time, the staff's time, and everyone else in line's time and 2) the butter/salt station is always a total mess.  This had to be someone at AMC corporate's bright idea, because once you try it in the real world it falls apart.A welcome addition to this theater is two Fandango kiosks right next to the ticket counter, so if you're like me and have an internet connection but no printer, you can pick up your tickets at the theater.
3	This theater is our first choice for location but our third choice for quality.  They have some great theaters but we are surprised the place was sold.  If the first owners couldn't make a go of it when it was pretty good why would new owners do better.   From one review it looks like they are doing worse.   Well anyway,  it has been a-ok for us and we have had a good time here.   Good luck new owners,   maybe step it up and think outside the box to make this better.   Here are some suggestions.    Dump the high price popcorn and snacks.   Bring in some wholesome food.   Change the environment of the foyer which is somewhat barren.   Add some comfortable seating in the foyer and maybe some computers for checking out movies with a start page that begins at Star Cinema.  Enhance the seating inside the main theaters.  Add some interesting videos before the main feature.  Give out some free popcorn.  Give out some free hugs and kisses.  I would personally like that one but my wife would probably not.   Come on guys, there is a LOT of room for improvement.
3	Sound quality is bad, though screen is ok.
1	Pick another theater. This place has essentially been abandoned by the owners. Dirty theaters on a weeknight?  Half the bathrooms and sinks were out of order. Minimal staff. Feels like a business on life support.
1	For the record, AGT Enterprises was the original owner and builder of this location.  The location opened in Dec. 1999 and I joined the management team in March 2000 and worked for that company until they sold all but their original Prairie du Chien location in February 2008.  I was the #2 manager and typically the lead manager on most weekends.  AGT is a family-run business and they sold because there was not any interest by the family to continue in the business (no "heir to the throne", so to speak).  It had nothing to do with our location failing, as we typically made the most overall revenue of all Madison area theaters, and enjoyed a strong reputation.  They knew the business faced decline from home entertainment and heavy expense from digital cinema transition and sold at the peak.Kerasotes took over in Feb 2008 and proceeded to make many of the changes that drove the location into the ground.  They made little effort to retain the formula that made our location successful and the quality of service went down as employee training and building maintenance was neglected.  By July 2008 they had lost the original core management team, with over 40 years of theater experience between the three of us.  They also lost dozens more years of projectionist experience because the first thing Kerasotes did was bust the union.  I had never worked a projectionist shift in my career and I was up there fixing errors and training people the first couple months.  Most of the employees and supervisors we hired and trained were gone within the next year, largely fed up with Kerasotes.I hear AMC is better, but they are just picking up the pieces left by Kerasotes and are still mainly focused on making a buck on things like the reward program or inane "efficiency" measures like self-buttering popcorn stations.
2	Very expensive!!!Sound and environment was OK.$22 for two tickets is just not worth it, I would rather watch a movie at home where it is also more comfortable.We went on a Saturday night and most of the theater was empty, only 2 other people were in the theater/movie we watched, the parking lot was also less than half full while in the past it used to be full and hard to find a parking spot let alone by the door.They need to drop the price by at least 50% before I would go back...
2	I'm normally not much of a fan of going to see movies at mega movie-cineplexes.  That said, the 6 or 7 times I've come here, I've dropped well over $100 each time because it was for birthday parties for my kids.  Buying lots of tickets, snacks, etc.  I know movie prices rise, and I know snacks are a rip-off...everywhere but, I've been to far more impressive theaters that charged significantly less.  In comparing my experiences here, to other huge movie places, I just have to say, I've been disappointed so many times with the quality of the experience.  On more than one occasion, the sound in the movie was scratchy and had static...very annoying.  When we came to see Night at the Museum, years ago, they couldn't get the movie and sound synchronized..Really?  How can that even be?  I've NEVER experienced that before.  I've shelled out the big bucks for the IMAX and 3D movies a few times, for the kids.  We saw Spiderwick Chronicles in the IMAX and the movie literally broke down.  It just broke down!  They turned on the house lights, said sorry, here's complimentary tickets for another IMAX.  I complained to management because, I don't LIVE IN MADISON...I am hardly ever there, let alone to see IMAX.  I wanted my money back.  No.  The tickets expired after a year, we're out a pile of money, wasted all that time to organize a b-day party, drive to Madison, and yeah, they treated us pretty shabby.So...a few years later, give them a chance again.  We go to see Red Tails - it was a decent movie.  Acting was mediocre to decent.  CGI was good.  The overall experience was average but, the staff were very friendly and service was good.  For that, I'll give them two stars, instead of one.It will be a VERY long time, if ever, before I give these folks my hard earned cash.
4	Friendly staff and convenient location. The stubs program (frequent movie goer program) is well worth the effort. Agree with other reviews that this is the best theatre besides Sundance in Madison.
4	Even though this theatre is an extra 15 minute drive from my usual choice (which is a 30 minute drive from my home), it's often worth it. The prices are SO much better than any other 1st run cinema in town, the seats are comfy and recline, and the screens are huge and have that great curve that makes the picture look wonderful.Since AMC bought the theatre it's gotten better than when it was independently owned (sadly).  The food prices are still obscene. But equal in obscenity to any other movie venue around. But $5 matinees are a wonderful idea, and I'm glad that AMC is sticking with this concept in mid-sized markets.  While I don't always feel up to a 45 minute drive to see a movie, when it saves me multiple dollars and I've got the extra time, I really enjoy the AMC.
4	This theater is freaking ginormous.  They have SO many theaters, so that translates into many different show times for the hot new film.I go for the Imax.  It's first come, first serve, so show up early to get the good seats.  It is Imax though, so pretty much every seat is awesome.I loved how nice everyone was.  I lined up for the midnight showing for the new Batman movie like a dork, 2 hours early.  (There was already quite a line btw)  Since I had to wait there a while, I went to the bathroom and forgot my ticket in the stall.   Blonde moment!The man working the door still let me in since he saw me there from the beginning which I thought was so nice.I don't recommend trying to pull this off if you didn't buy a ticked (he obviously knew I had).  It was just a nice thing to do and I appreciate that!
3	A great I-max experience. This theater is also pretty large and it pays off with a large number of movie times so you can almost always find a good time to visit. It may be a little bit of a drive and their parking lot often fills up to the point where it can be difficult to navigate especially during a Wisconsin winter. This theater will deliver more often than it won't.
4	This is my favorite theater in the area. It's probably the biggest one too and the only one with IMAX. Because it's a big theater, there are always a good number of showings for each movie. I'm also a fan of going during Mondays and Thursdays because all tickets are half price. AMC Star Fitchburg also has a rewards card. I forgot what the deal is, but it  entailed something along the lines of if you have bought X amount of tickets, you get one free. Typical rewards card, but I'm not aware of that many theaters that do this. The only downside is that this theater is a little farther out from downtown Madison.
2	I went to see a movie on Christmas and wasn't impressed with this theater. The women's bathrooms were pretty dirty and had toilet paper on the ground and dirty counter tops. The customer service was good and the popcorn was fresh but I just feel like the theater needs to keep up with its cleanliness.
2	The property is not maintained well.  The bathrooms are completely gross.  Three separate companies have operated the theater in the last six years  so I guess they have to cut costs.  Service is what you would expect for a theater...  At least they have Red Vines.
4	Hmmm...I'm not really certain what the deal is with the negative reviews for the freaking largest theatre in the Madison area. Seriously, the place rivals some cinemas in big cities. Every time I've gone it's been a breeze grabbing tickets out front and finding the theatre. Concessions seem redic, but I think you'll find that anywhere you go. Six bucks for a small popcorn? It's also a little scary that the "butter" is self serve. Do we really need to empower people to put on as much fake butter crap as they want? But admissions seem spot on. Saw two flicks recently for $7.50, and that's not to shabby by me.
4	So I will say that this place in and of itself is a fantastic theatre, HUGE, Comfortable, easy to get to, and lots of choices for food and candies. There is plentiful parking and even an auxiliary parking lot for really big hits. Which, oddly enough, gets full some of the time. The outside is extremely appealing with bright lights and lots of cars. It always seems like there is a movie you MUST see because of the amount of traffic in and out of this place. As you walk in, you approach the ticket counters immediately which are pretty speedy for the most part as well as a self check-in to your right if you purchased your tickets online. After checking in or purchasing your ticket you become overwhelmed with the smell of butter popcorn and other diet-killing foods like hot dogs and pretzel poppers.The high ceilings make you feel like your in a mansion or a castle, almost preparing you for the wonder that movies bring. The "gate keeper" as I like to call them is the person who tears your ticket initially and then directs you to the theatre your movie is playing in. With ticket in hand you walk to your destination (which can even be a 5 minute walk this place is so large) Or, if your lucky it is in IMAX which this theatre has the only other IMAX in a 75 mile radius. You sit into large and plush seats as you await the dimming of the theatre lights and your adventure to begin. Every time I have been here I have always gotten up from a movie feeling fine and not sore from some other movie theatre's seats. Now finally as to why I haven't given Star Cinema a 5 star rating. (Which seems ironic but oh well) And frankly this is more directed toward the company but the original company had the same issue as well. WAY TOO OVER PRICED. I understand that they have a quota to make etc. but this place is no different in where it count when I went here in 2000-2003 when I was a youngin' for almost twice the price. I remember paying (for a standard late night ticket) $5.25 now I pay $10 to sit in the exact same seats from when the place opened? MAYBE with a few more fast-food options that are the price of a steak meal at a 4 star restaurant. I think not my friends. I digress... It seems this doesn't stop people from seeing movies and hasn't COMPLETELY stopped me yet but it has decreased how much I did go. I only see 5-6 movies A YEAR now where it was almost 3-4 a month... I'd rather buy it on blu-ray for the same price a couple weeks later, turn off the lights at home, turn up the volume, enjoy a HUGE comfy chair and a Medium cooked steak. I know its the experience you go for which is nice a couple of times a year but no more than that."I have a very particular set of skills"
2	I just moved to Madison from the Kansas City Area. The AMC Star theatre was my first cinema experience in Madison.I was excited, because in Kansas, our AMCs are palaces - equipped with a bar/lounge, Fork and Screens (dinner theatre), IMAX, a concession area with ice cream, pizzas, and the works, and fully updated theaters with high quality sound and picture, and clean seats. This AMC paled in comparison. It was uninviting, out of date, old carpet, shabby bathrooms, and low quality screens. I was very disappointed in the large difference between the two cinemas of the same chain.A few perks: yes it is large, had a good selection of films, and no line for tickets or concessions.What is most disturbing is that other reviews for this theatre say its the biggest and best in Madison. Excuse me? This is the best? This sorry, shabby, vacant theatre from the late 90s? Sure, it is big. But it is a big fixer upper.I'm not a huge priss about these things, don't get me wrong. I saw my movie and it was all fine enough. I guess I am just disappointed in the comparison, and the fact that this is the best the area has to offer.
4	This AMC theater is my favorite in Madison/Fitchburg. I go about every two weeks. We often take our family. If you go in the morning or Mon.-Thurs. you can save a lot of money. It is generally clean (sometimes not as much on the weekends), and the staff is friendly. We use the Stubs card religiously because it saves us so much money! They have a huge parking lot so parking is never an issue.
5	Great place for a date night...
5	It's hot as balls. The movie theater is air conditioned.It's a movie theater. They show movies. Important tips you should all know about:1) Movies during the day, on weekdays, are five dollars. FIVE DOLLARS. That is a goddamn steal these days.2) Go to the gas station across the street and sneak food in, or make your own popcorn.Pacific Rim was absurd. Well worth my $5.
4	IT'S ALL ABOUT THE MATINEES, BABY.Tickets are cheaaap! Only 5 smackeroonies for a matinee, $7.50 otherwise? It's totally worth it if you're down to ditch the frilly stuff and just kick back with some popcorn (or air. Air is free). You can snag tickets ahead of time on Fandango for another buck 25 or so.
5	I'm kind of surprised by all the negative reviews but I've been coming to AMC Star for many, many years now - back when it was just Star Cinema, before the iMax. I've been a big fan of the service(not really the prices-but its a movie theater..what else is new?) I've not found the bathrooms dirty nor the carpet trashy - reading these reviews I feel like I'd be walking into an alley or something. I've gone from everything from sold out showings to myself being the only one and enjoyed 99% of them. Strangely, I read one(not sure if there are others) complaining about the behavior of other patrons...one person mad about middle schoolers being noisy. You need to speak with a manager if you want to address issues like that. They don't have hidden cameras or something in every theater. You can't just feel mad and hope someone magically kicks them out.
1	This place has gone downhill since AMC took it over.   They run a ridiculous amount of advertising before the movie.  No thanks.   The popcorn is not very good anymore and I hate to have to add butter and salt after they scoop it up.   It is impossible to do this way.   They used to do this while they set it up for you.   No longer done here.   Seating is still ok but we will be going elsewhere from now on.Some nice staff though.
2	If AMC Star Fitchburg didn't have $6 matinees, I would never darken their door. The place is rundown, particularly the bathrooms , and not very clean. A small popcorn is $6. The popcorn is taken out of a closet in huge bags and dumped into a bin that keeps it barely tepid under heat lamps (I've seen them do this myself.) During winter, they only salt the walk directly in front of the doors, and when I pointed out a large frozen sheet of ice on the sidewalk off the parking lot, I was told, "I'll take a look at it." Nothing was done when I came out. Marcus Point on the west side blows this place out of the water.
4	$6 movies before noon, comfy seats, clean bathrooms and friendly workers.
2	They're pretty good.  They're mostly like every other movie theater. I wouldn't ever go unless you're catching a show during the day or a midnight release. I generally don't like paying so much for movies so your opinion may differ.Only actual thing worth noting is that apparently they close their concession stand 15 minutes after the last showing starts. Which means if you purchase a refillable popcorn don't plan on actually getting a refill unless you want to scarf it down before the movie starts and leave to get a refill during the intro. I'm not really sure how Star finds this acceptable.
