4	I've been frequenting the Dollar store for the past three weeks while shopping for a work project. I have bought just about every pair of safety scissors in Phoenix, playdough, and other small manipulatives for elementary reading and math kids.Anytime I need cleaning supplies for home I head straight to this Dollar Tree Store. They have the BEST carpet cleaner called LA's Totally Awesome Carpet Spot and Stain Remover. It really works!!The Dollar Tree is a great place to stock up on cheap party decorations.Shopping at the Dollar Tree is kinda like buying a Saturn. You know the price before you walk in and how much you're going to spend before you check out. I love that!
3	I shop here often because I'm on a budget. The only things I don't like about this store are the other customer's behavior and long lines with usually only one register open.
4	This Dollar Tree was initially difficult to find, but I finally did. It's on the south side of Thomas near 40th Street. It's actually quite well-stocked and neat for a Dollar Tree; I've been in Dollar Trees that were really messy and unorganized. This store has greeting cards, gift wrap/bags, a kitchen section, toys, home cleaning products, home decor, and a large section of food. I came for cards and gift wrap, but you could really save some money by buying things for home that cost more elsewhere. Hey, I'm definitely not above saving money OR shopping at Dollar Tree!
4	Wow! This store is HUGE! I honestly think it is the biggest Dollar Tree I have ever been in. The store is well lit, well stocked, and for the most part, clean and organized. The only downfall is that they only had 1 checkout lane open, which was about 7-8 people deep. I felt bad going through with a rather large (30 item) order.
5	Now there are many stores that are specific to only selling "Dollar" merchandise. This one I have to say truly is worth every buck you spend. This is a large store will mass inventory all for a dollar or less. Large isle filled with all the great stuff people like from the floor to the top of the shelf. I frequent shop this location. It is not the neatest (meaning isles neat and organized). They don't seem to have anyone walk the floors to straighten the isles. Some isles are a complete mess due to mass stock of items.  They also have long lines at the register. They could use an extra cashier especially when it is busy. However, I will not frown apon that as this store really has many great qualities.I am always greeted. The staff is super friendly and willing to help. There are many great options to choose from which is why I always return.
2	I don't do dollar stores often, but I thought I'd head in to this one a couple of weeks back as I was in need of some Halloween candy and anything else that struck my fancy.  I wasn't impressed.The store had a poor selection, but I managed to find about $30 worth of things to purchase.  It didn't seem very clean or organized either.  At check-out, the woman was not friendly at all and when I went to leave with my cart, I was stopped at the door by the big pole attached to the car.  (I guess the carts are only to be used inside the store and this stops them from leaving).I do not plan on returning to this store.If you are interested in visiting a store for cheap / affordable items of all kinds, I think the 99 cent store may be a better option.  They carry produce and more food products also.  I'll be taking my dollars elsewhere moving forward.  Sorry dollar tree.
