2	This place used to be well friendlier/nicer. My mom is a licensed professional for the last 30 years. Sometime's she need's emergency supplies while at work, who better to get them but her daughter that has nothing better to do. In a way I am her assistant I have been doing this since I was able to drive so 13 yrs. I used to be able to do this for her without any problem's. The new management however left me no choice but to shop somewhere else. The last visit was very unpleasant from the beginning and my mother was with me no less! We were not greeted or helped in any way. I asked the manager where a product was she said they got rid of it and rushed off in a hurry. We finished our shopping and went to check out, now the manager started giving my mom a hard time about not having her license. Most people have them on wall's at work, why would she carry it around w her?!?! My mother is in their system and has been for ages why give her a hard time now? The girl finally does something un-lazy and goes online to check my mom's status it took forever so yay right?! Now we're getting somewhere...wrong!! The girl wouldn't let me pay because I am not licensed!! At this point I am mad and it takes alot to make me mad. I ended up leaving the store they did not get any money that time and we will not be returning, they dont even carry the product we went there for to begin with but were still willing to spend $ anyway. It was clear they didnt need our sale's anymore so I will be happy somewhere else.
5	I am awaiting my license and went in to get some supplies and the woman behind the counter was friendly as she always is. She actually showed me how to go online and check to see if I passed my tests, which I didn't know how to do and told me what to do once I do receive my license in the mail. After realizing I'd forgot something I needed to go back later on and another woman helped me look for another product. I have found that the people at Armstrong are always helpful and willing to help.
