3	Continuing in my exploration of Squirrel Hill, I decided to zero in first on those restaurants that I already enjoy on a regular basis. These are primarily the places I really like, and I'm highlighting them first because I want more people to give them a try. That was my rational on Monday night, when I hit up PD's Pub: one of my go-to Squirrel Hill favorites. The pub is was recently jointed by a partially adjoining restaurant: the Four Wood Grille. This time, I hit up PD's, which now shares a food menu with the Four Wood. I'll consider reviewing the Four Wood Grill separately in a future write-up.PD's Pub is one of those places where I have to admit a little bias. I really want them to succeed. I actually have that feeling about many of Pittsburgh's local restaurants, but the current incarnation of PD's is one that I've witnessed and appreciated from very early on. They aren't perfect by any stretch of the imagination. They have an excellent beer selection and make a valiant effort when it comes to serving up high quality food. The waitstaff is down to earth and stays out of your face  while providing just enough service. Overall, it should be clear that I like the results.[...snip...]Worth trying--especially for beer. Will I go back to PD's? Well, I already have in the time since ordering the salmon salad and posting this review. That should be some indication of what I think of them. It's a rock solid place to go for a drink with friends, and I can't argue with the convenience factor. It's a short walk of only 3/4 miles  from my house, and probably much closer for those who live near Murray Ave. If you're hungry, the food is at least pretty good. I can't say I'd go there just for the food, but that sometimes changes in the summer when they light up the grill. This place is definitely worth trying if you haven't been there already.more on my food blog...http://www.foodburgh.com/2009/05/review-pds-pub/
2	I have no idea what Mike B. is talking about...then again, I see the date of his review and smile...My friends and I had been going to PD's for a good few years now.  When it first came onto our radar, it was a half-decent place (although very dark) with great specials.  $1 dollar "You Call Its" and $2 dollar pitchers of Yuengling.  The smoke was a little overwhelming but you could ignore that because of the specials...plus the wait staff was friendly and helpful.  Then it all went downhill from here.  The familiar staff disappeared along with the dart machine.  More and more seedy characters started frequenting the place...and before long, the specials vanished!Yes, I do mean vanished...when the owner/manager was asked about the $2 dollar pitchers, he claimed they never existed - that it was a figment of our imagination.  I don't really know what to say about that...but I haven't been back here in a year - almost two.Based on Mike B.'s review, I guess they expanded the food menu which is nice but I've heard their drinks have gone up in price and they still allow people (illegally?) to smoke inside.  I also heard the pool tables were taken out.Overall, if you're looking for a good bar - hit up Hough's in Greenfield - it's not much farther away and has a great atmosphere, no smoking and fantastic beer on tap (good specials too!).Final verdict = 1.5 stars
2	Visited this place on a night when they had some bands. Had a very difficult time getting attention of wait staff. Finally walked up to the bar and ordered two draft beers which ended up being close to 10 bucks. Several people - including us - tried to flag down a server and finally after about 40 minutes our orders were finished. The appetizer (an italian burrito?) was served to us still frozen inside. Soups were nothing special. Ribs were pretty good but unless you like LOTS of sauce, ask for it on the side. Bands were very good on this night. I ended up only drinking three drinks that night because that seemed to be all they wanted to sell me. Couldn't seem to get anyone's attention for more. Seems like if you are going to pay a band you want to sell the food and drinks a little better.
