5	Food was great - fresh and authentic! The restaurant is small and cozy, you might have to wait for a table but it's worth the wait. Staff were very friendly as well. The only trade off is that the service can be a bit slow, but again, definitely worth the wait. Probably one of the best Thai restaurants in KW.
4	Very delicious food! Both the green curry and the pad thai were great! I would definitely come here again ... just not if I had to get anywhere after the meal. The service we got was courteous but quite slow -  AND we were lucky to be the first ones in the restaurant for lunch. I can't imagine how long the other people had to wait. If they could improve the speed of their service, they would definitely rate 5 stars!
5	I didn't like the pad thai when I started eating it, but by the end I was obsessed. It haunts my dreams. Sadly I will probably never be in this city again, so all I can do is recommend it to any Yelper that wanders in. A really pleasant little place with great food.
3	Average food at best. Satay is good, but I've had way better. If you want great Thai keep searching. At least they have workers that speak Thai, that boosts the confidence level a bit. Staff are friendly and restaurant is cozy. Food could be better.
5	Great food an great service. The best place to get Thai in Kitchener. Parking is a bit of a challenge, but the mechanic across the street is closed at night, so I usually park there.
5	This is my absolute favorite Thai restaurant in the city. A cozy little place that is unassuming from the outside, offers quality, consistently delicious Thai food in a beautifully decorated atmosphere.
5	the pad Thai is to die for, and reasonably priced. it's the only thing I get because its all I want....
4	Very good food, cozy environment, and decent price.
4	3.5/5, +.5 for service.I came here on a quiet day for lunch; surprising since I thought this would be a busy place. Either way, it was a rather subtle atmosphere inside and I felt anything higher than my whisper voice would be too loud for the restaurant.The menu could've been organized a little better. It was a little weird how the main course noodle dish stuff was at the last page, and the drinks were somewhere near the first page.I ordered the pad thai, as that's what I usually order in authentic Thai restaurants. There were some reviews around where they say it would be a 15-20 minute wait for my food, but I only waited about 5 minutes, which somewhat surprised me. The portions were huge for $9.50; I wasn't able to finish it all and had to pack it home. Generally I don't pack food home for lunch, but the pad thai tasted so good and saucy I just had to. However, there was a slightest bit of sand in my initial portion, but that was gone as I continued on with my food.Service was excellent. They approached me three times to make sure my food was okay, and when I told them about the slight sand in my food they insisted on giving me another pad thai, but I told them it's okay and that it was tasty regardless.Thai Bistro and Northern Thai are both very good Thai places in Kitchener, and I highly recommend both.
1	I was very unimpressed with my takeout experience. Ordered the food and they said it would be 15 minutes. Showed up nearly 20 minutes later and the guy at the front said he'd "forgotten" to put the order in. Had to wait 10+ minutes more, with no apology. They forgot my larb salad, to boot. The coconut chicken soup was perhaps the most disappointing; yummy broth but NO chicken at all (only 4-5 mushrooms). We won't be back.
4	Having lived in Downtown Kitchener for a little while, I've always wanted to try this place down by Queen & Charles.I decided to come here one day with a friend of mine for a late lunch. We both decided to order the Pad Thai ($9.50) for lunch and my goodness were the portions huge. The dish had the right mix of flavour and saucy and I certainly had a hard time finishing the plate. To my delight, they did not skimp out on the shrimp, chicken and peanuts. The service itself was good  but slow at times. This was partly due to the waitress having to tend to several large groups with their bills. Once that was out of the way, she was quite attentive to our table. All in all, it is a hidden gem that might not catch your eye at first but its quality and atmosphere would leave you wanting  to return.
5	My fave Thai place in KW. The pad thai is really good, but if you want a treat go for the green thai curry. The ambiance is elegant yet relaxed, and somewhat cozy. A good place to go as a couple or with a small group. Service is usually good, though I've once had a server who seemed either hung over or very out of it. Food usually arrives within 20 min of ordering, so moderately quick. Takeout is excellent, and and they've always gotten my order right.
5	Their pad Thai dish is amazing! Wow... Thanks yelp for help finding this place....wow!
1	I found a bug in my food and was given a "discount" of $1.10, when the dish cost $6.99. I'd probably be less upset with the experience if the server was able to communicate with me, or if there really was service even!
4	Really great sweet tofu and veggies. Good veg pad Thai. Fast Super service. The wallpaper is spectacular! It looks like buttons! And purple!
3	Really liked it. Pad Thai a bit sweet for my taste. Veggies were a bit crisp and totally fresh.
