4	When it comes to castles, it's safe to say that Edinburgh has already picked it's top dog, and Craigmillar Castle hardly does itself any favours by being located right next to an area more associated with knives than places of historic interest.As a result, it's more a place that locals go on a Sunday afternoon, have a quick look round, realise there's little to see, and leave before dusk settles and the neds arrive. It's not massively impressive but it's one of those places I'm glad is still here.
4	A short cycle away, past Arthur's seat along the Innocent Railway, takes you to this almost intact castle. Although the cover charge seems slightly over priced, it's worth the effort as there's a lot to explore. From the top of the castle, you can see views across the city and Arthur's seat. From my experience, it seems to be haunted by stationary cattle, but that may have just been me. It's a great place to time-travel. You definitely feel like you're not in the 21st century when you're in there. It's worth wasting a Sunday afternoon in here.
3	I came here with a couple of mates, I hadn't really heard too much about the castle so didn't really know too much of the history. It is situated around 3 miles south east of the city centre, which would take about an hour to get to if you walked from the centre or about 15 minutes if you get a bus.When me and a couple of mates came here, we found out that you had to pay to get in, but we weren't prepared to do this as we weren't that interested in seeing what was inside. Although it must be said that it did look pretty impressive from the outside.If medieval history is your thing, then you may think it would be worth to have a little look around here, but as I'm not all that into medieval history, and there are more impressive castles around, I really do not feel the appeal of actually paying to come here and look inside in the future.
4	Possibly the most underrated and unknown tourist attraction in Edinburgh...I love it.Very much a ruin these days, the castle sits just a few miles from it's big, better known brother in Edinburgh Castle and offers a fantastic view of it and also Arthur's Seat.Like Edinburgh Castle, it is also within the control of Historic Scotland and those holding membership can enjoy free entry.
4	To hell with Edinburgh Castle - don your helm, mount your mighty steed and head out to a housing estate off the A7, just behind the Edinburgh Royal Infirmary.No, really. Despite its improbable setting, Craigmillar Castle is brilliant. It exists right at that sweet spot of ruination, somewhere between rocks in a field and Edinburgh Castle (which, let's face it, is a posh house with really thick walls). Some sections have had their roof replaced - so you get to live out your Game of Thrones fantasies in a proper grand hall - but most of it is a warren of stone corridors, nooks, staircases and basements to explore and get lost in.There are signs and bits of information about what you're looking at, but only where it's actively useful. Aside from a couple of 'mind your head' notices, you're pretty much allowed to roam free and take your chances.The whole thing revolves around a small cobbled courtyard, enclosed by high stone walls and partially covered by the sprawling branches of an old tree. It's an amazing spot to sit on the stone bench and soak up the history (or, as I did, eat a Cornetto). Though it's obviously been added to over the years, parts of the castle date right back to the 14th century. Whether through canny marketing by Historic Scotland or a 500-year obsession with celebrity gossip, the building is still closely associated with Mary Queen of Scots. In fact, she only stayed there for less than three weeks in 1566, although during that time a plot was hatched within its walls to bump off her husband, so I suppose it's entitled to some notoriety.
5	Wonderful experience! You are free to explore the guts of the castle. Edinburgh Castle is a museum, Craigmillar Castle has kept it's identity, and remains a castle!  Thank you for the ride home Tanja R., and Tanya L.!!!!!
5	I made an observation while in Edinburgh that the Scottish and maybe those in the UK in general, don't fix old things.  They rarely pick up anything that's fallen, repair things that have broken.  When I pass a graveyard, I'm shocked at the number of stones fallen over or broken, and not recently either--with moss growing over them to such a degree, I felt like I'm walking through a scene in The Walking Dead.  I'm not talking about some obscure field of stones halfway to Inverness--I'm literally talking about plots fringing a modern church off major city streets.  I think this is some policy of the government.  In order to respect the history of a country, they don't stop the natural degradation of the buildings or landscape.  Case in point--the fact that there are dozens of castles scattered across Scotland with only a few in decent condition.  So many are beyond ruined--comprising of only a handful of walls perched on an outcropping of rock , any wood long since rotted away.  Despite the damage done to these landmarks over centuries of abuse, erosion, and outright warfare, there are few attempts to restore them to their original glory.  The follow-up question to this is, what original glory?  What time period would you choose?  Many of these castles had several owners over the centuries which modified the initial design.  Would you arbitrarily pick a time period and elect to erase the history which came after?  Both Stirling and Edinburgh castles reflect this--attempts to maintain their significance despite not representing any single point in history.  Dover castle was another example, proudly showcasing its role in the War of the Roses and World War 2 (as you walk from area to area in the castle, it shifts in era of significance by hundreds of years).  These were the (if you could call them) lucky ones.  But in truth, what emerges is a historic site that doesn't resemble any point of history.  Stirling Castle never looked at any point in history the way it does now.  You could almost call these modern restored castles anachronistic, leaving the untouched fortresses true time capsules in history. Ergo Craigmiller.First of all, let me state how awesome it was that I could exit my B&B and walk to Edinburgh castle in less than an hour's walk or that I could walk the opposite direction and reach Craigmiller in less than forty minutes.  Outside of wires strung along for lights, and a metal roof fashioned over an area for some reason, there have been few attempts at restoration.  Some compromises had to be made like installing grates under the parapets because of an intentional gap erected in their construction allowing soldiers to fire directly down to attackers without exposing them to fire (the net claims these are called machicolations).  There is a stone roof which clearly couldn't have survived the centuries.  Despite lacking any wood, one can still climb to the very top of castle and get an unobstructed view of the landscape.  And like most castles in the region, it carries a colorful history.  Mary Queen of Scots stayed here several times and the plot to murder her husband was hatched at this very place.  It was restored several times, the last nearly 300 years ago, and was infuriatingly neglected since until only a few decades ago. One of the reasons Craigmiller survived this long in such good condition was that it managed to avoid attack throughout the centuries, burned one--I imagine not so effectively given its stone construction--in the 1500s.  That was really it, and the restoration was smart enough to avoid rebuilding the castle to some random era's glory.  Craigmiller castle is a classic fortress with much of its history still intact.  Bedrooms still have fireplaces and latrines.  The jail under the fortress is still intact.  It isn't a chateau with walls or a few walls fringing a cliff--this was an honest to god castle, with concentric defensive walls and turrets.  It's one of my favorite castles visited in my many journeys...and to think I almost missed it.
4	Craigmillar is such a fantastic castle and is so widely overlooked as it shares a city with THE castle. It is minimally restored so you get a proper wander through ruins, and has so many twists and turns I often think of it as the "Choose Your Own Adventure" castle where it's just not possible to go through every single doorway; there is much more to explore than originally meets the eye. As has also been said, it's in a pretty rural location considering the fact that it's right next to Edinburgh's main hospital.I really highly recommend a visit. It's so under-visited that even on St Andrew's Day there still weren't crowds. In that way, it's really ideal for families too as kids love a good run around a castle. One star knocked off for accessibility. If you don't drive here, the last stretch of road has no actual footpath. You can approach the castle from the adjacent park but this involves a climb up a (often soggy and damp) hill, which rather limits people with buggies or those with accessibility issues who don't arrive by car.
