4	The restaurant name sounds like a translation gone bad...and while this place had been up for some time and extremely close to my work, I didn't make the short trip simply because of a fear that I would find spaghetti in place of chow mein, and watered down leftover eggs in place of egg drop soup.Imagine my pleasant surprise when I found that this place has an impressive menu that specializes in Vietnamese cuisine, and also keeps around some more generic Chinese, Korean, and Thai dishes for the faint of heart.But you can't go to a Vietnamese restaurant and not try the noodle dishes.  The beef stew brought back some wonderful memories.  The noodles were tender, beef was melt in my  mouth, and seasonings were just right.  Pair the soup with some fresh basil and it's all good.Spring rolls were fresh and tasty dipped in my favorite - peanut sauce.  I only wish there were some fresh peanuts sprinkled in for some added crunch.What really added that extra star though, was the number of drinks and desserts on the menu.Who can turn down Thai tea with pearls?And Vietnamese dessert cups with pomegranate and coconut mixed with sweet milk and shaved ice?  2 Die 4!!Prices are very reasonable and staff is very friendly.  This is definitely due for a return visit!
5	The place to be if your in the neighborhood! Specializing in Vietnamese cuisine, the family is originally from California so expect the food to be diverse, authentic, tasty, and most importantly - to die for! And as Arizona goes, Vietnamese cuisine or asian food in general is scarce and King Eggroll is AZ's premiere place to be. Their noodle soup is great, their rice plates are my favorite, and their desserts are delicious!
4	We love this place, after moving from Seattle where Pho was easy to get we found ourselves lucky to have come across this one.The owners (mostly family run) are very friendly, the food is very tasty, they have quite the following in the asian communitee (which should also speak well of their food).  I enjoy their grilled/sliced pork (i don't really get into the Pho) but my wife almost always get one of their many Pho dishes.We have sent friends there as well and they also leave with the same feedback of good food at a good value.
4	We came from California to visit for a few weeks and we were hungry for pho and eggrolls. We were surfing yelp for a decent Vietnamese restaurant. From the three reviews we read we decided to give this place a try. We ordered the beef rice noodle with rare steak and eggrolls. The meal was very satisfying and portions were good and prices were fair. This place is run by a family who formally had a restaurant in San Jose, California. The service was good and friendly. We will definitely come back for dinner to try their rice plates. They have 187 different items on the menu. WOW!
4	As someone who moved to PHX from St. Paul, I have been accustomed to fantastic asian food.  The spring rolls and egg rolls here were wonderful and the portion size was enormous for the price.I was so stoked from the wonderful appetizers that I was sure the pho tai was going to be equally as wonderful.  It was okay and the portion size was pitiful compared to the appetizers.  There was hardly any beef in the soup.  They only served thai basil, bean sprouts/chili peppers that I had to ask for cilantro and a fresh lime to squeeze into the bowl.  I'll go again simply because living in Avondale, my options are very limited, but Pho Avina, Pholicious, Nam-Sao and Little Saigon are better for soup.
4	First of all, I need to thank Larry because I chose to try this place over others because he said the owners are from San Jose, CA.  I figured anyone from Cali must know what they're doing with their pho.Let's start from the beginning.  When you walk in, they restaurant has a very clean atmosphere for a pho/Asian place.  The service is friendly and the prices are exactly what pho should cost - around $5 or 6.Onto the food...  The pho is not the BEST I've ever had, but it is GOOD.  They give you plenty of meat and it doesn't sit in the hot broth too long before they bring it out, so it has that perfect soft melt in your mouth texture rather than some places that make 'em way too chewy.  The noodles could be more aldante, but it wasn't overly bloated.  The broth was the only dept they could use an improvement in, as that was the part of the pho I thought was subpar.  Don't get me wrong, I think their pho is great and I plan on going back lots of times.One of my fav things about this place are their spring rolls and the selection of drinks.  The spring rolls are cheap, well wrapped, and they put plenty of mint in them.  Just to warn ya, if you read the previous reviews and order the great "pomegranite" drink, it's not pomegranite.  They're little red jellie balls - but it is one of my favorite vietnamese drinks and I always get one when I go here.  BTW, my rating is completely based on their pho.  I tried the charbroiled beef bun once and it was definitely dissapointing.  Meat was dry, it had more noodles than vegis, and not enough flavor.I haven't tried other pho places in AZ, so I'll update my reviews once I can compare them to the other local restaurants.  =)
3	My husband and I only tried the rice plates.  The meat and rice were both too dry.  The egg rolls and spring rolls were good.  Sound like we need to try this place for the Pho next time.
4	So this review is totally biased - based on the pho alone, which was really good. I'm no expert when it comes to pho, but this stuff was good, with flavorful broth, tender beef and good noodles. Also came with all of the fixings - thai basil, limes and bean sprouts. I'll be coming back soon.
4	Great place for Pho in the SW Valley!  I go there for lunch the Pho has a great taste, beef is tender and rice noodles very good, plus the broth is yummy.  Only problem it's close on Tuesday.
3	I've been here a few times over the years, and I just don't understand the high ratings this restaurant receives.  Yesterday, my family wanted to try Wood Flame Burgers, but they were too crowded, so I decided to give Central King Eggroll another chance.  "Trust me," I told my wife, "they're getting a lot of great reviews now."  My wife ordered the sweet and sour chicken, which was a mistake.  She barely ate any of it.  I ordered the vermicelli, and it was okay.  After reading the reviews again, we probably should have tried the pho instead.  Try it out for yourself and decide.  You may like it.
2	It's okay...I tried pho here again simply because I live close by.  When I'm at work, I always go to Pho Thanh - by far the best pho in Phoenix!I ordered the large Pho Tai this time as the last time I had the regular bowl and they totally skimped on beef.  This time there was more beef but not enough noodles - especially for a large.  I had to ask for more rice noodles and again I had to ask for cilantro and lemon as the waitress originally brought out TWO SPRIGS of basil for a large bowl of pho.  For a California Vietnamese family, I would expect better.  I'm used to places like Pho 79 and Pho Lampson in the Westminster area - this place is okay if you're desperate and today I was.
4	Tried this place for the first time and had the chicken pho and and mongolian beef with red rice. All was delicious...but I especially loved their red rice, it was spicy and soooo good. Everything is very reasonably priced and you can even get it delivered from a service called You Buy and We Fly!!
4	I've been coming here once every 2 weeks for the past 2 years and I must say that they keep me comming back with their food. It seems that they did have a change of management because the faces have changed in the past few months. The only thing that changed is the service. In the past few times we came in, orders have been getting mixed up or we end up not getting what we ordered at all. Our favorites are the eggrolls, springrolls, roti chicken, bbq ribs, sea food combo pho and beef and tendon pho. With an avocado shake to wash it all down.
3	I agree with Mike J.  I think their management did change.  Ok, looks like a family bought the place.  They had someone in the kitchen cooking, but the dinner service was a little kid (14 years old) as our waitress and her father help out on and off.  The mother was busing tables.  We ordered the soy milk, fried egg rolls, Pho with thin beef and tendon, Pho with beef stew and Bun Thit Nuong (Grilled pork with noodles).  Here is the breakdown:Soy milk - tasted like homemade not enough sugarFried egg rolls - wrapped too tightly and not enough meat vs the other ingredients.  Still in love with the egg rolls at Da Vang.Pho with thin beef and tendon LARGE - It looks like a regular bowl of Pho compared to Da Vang, and the soup base just want not tasty enough.Pho with beef stew LARGE - Again a regular bowl of Pho compared to Da Vang, and beef stew add to the soup base changed the flavor to be GOOD.Bun Thit Nuong - the grilled pork was good, the noodles were just right, and the fish sauce added made it very good.Now the pricing, this place is higher than our typical Pho places.  I would give this place 2-1/2 stars for the food and service.
3	The pho here is good! Especially since there are no other vietnamese places in a 30 mile radius.  So, if you are feeling like pho come here get the chicken pho or beef pho, it hits the spot.  The rating isn't higher only because I'm used to bay area pho.
4	Well the old owners may have been from San Ho but they sold it to another family from Minn. or something like that. I personally think the pho broth is a little cinnamon strong but if you add some nuoc beau to the broth it will make it taste a whole lot better. Normally I order the pho dac biet, which i've been eating since the mid 80's but I recently started to order the Bun Bo Hue which I think is a lot better (broth wise) because of the lemon grass that the stock is made with. If you need a pho fix, the place is decent. As far as the prices.... I remember when I could get a bowl of pho for $3.50 back in the days.
1	DIRTY PLACE! this place is one of the dirtiest place I have eaten.  I went there and I saw with my own eyes that the cook walked out without washign his hands!!!!!!!! Yuck.  We walked right now and on our way out we saw the delivery guy who was packing food just sneazing without covering his mouth!!! We asked to talked to the owner and he did not speak english well to even understand how serious this matter was.
4	great selections and the pho is good!fan of the rice plates also. at least once a week my family
3	I have been coming to this place for the past year and the Pho has been ok. Broth is good! I might try something else next time im here(maybe not) as i only come every couple of weeks and that would be for my Pho Phix.
5	Great food and it won't put a hole in your wallet.  I love the Spicy Beef Vermicello soup and the rice crepes, and the avocado shakes.  I can eat here everyday.
4	Really like this place. Go here about once a week for pho which my wife and I crave throughout the week. Iced Tea and egg rolls are really good as well. Only complaint would be the front door is always a mess and never cleaned. Makes a real bad first impression, otherwise we love the place.
4	I went here with a group of friends before celebrating my birthday and came back a couple times later! I've had the Pho Ga and the Pho Bo. Both are delicious but I like the Pho Bo (beef) better. From what I've seen they keep the place pretty clean and are good on service, and friendly. I would recommend going here. Delicious!
3	Pho is decent, decor isn't.   Place is run by family.  Son is the cashier most of the time, and father is usually the waiter, then mother usually cooks behind the kitchen, if I remember correctly.  Most of their food is okay, and tasteful.  I remember ordering pork chop plate with rice, and  was I disappointed.  40% meat and 60% fat on it.  Where is the meat?? lol..  If you enjoy good bowl of Pho, well here is a tip! Don't order the large size.  You will just end up with extra soup, not the noodles.  So make sure to ask for extra noodles, otherwise, you will loading your stomach with liquid! WARNING:  Owner likes wearing his slippers while he is serve food.  So whatever you do, don't look at his FEET! It will kill your appetite! lol!
4	Central King Eggroll.  I've always loved asian food.  Went here for lunch for a buddy of mine who was leaving to North Dakata and not only that this restaurant had vietnamese food but other varieties such as Chinese.  I had the "Pho Combination" which included, tripe, meatballs, and beef flank.  If you are on the West side of Phoenix in Avondale, this is a place to stop if your craving some asian food..
2	I have never waited so long for a plate of rice and a bowl of pho in my life. Short waiters/waitresses and short staff in the kitchen. I think it was about forty five minutes or maybe over until we got our food. It really shouldn't take that long for the order to be brought out and ready to eat. The pho was actually good. It's one of my favorite pho joints in AZ. However the rice plates are bleh. The kbbq chop was real hard along with a microwaved egg? Which is usually suppose to be served sunny up. I would have rated higher but the service extremely sucks here.
4	The food was good but the service was little to be desired.  Both the hubby and I ordered different rice noodle (not pho but the dry kind with fish sauce) with meat on top and the flavor I thought was pretty good.  The menu items are also reasonably priced.  The wait staff, however, could use a little sprucing up.  Our waiter just kind of plopped the plates on our table and left.  No "Enjoy your meal" or "How are things?".  It looks like it's run by a "real" Vietnamese family so you know that all that matters in places like this is that the food is good, which I can't complain about.
5	As stated previously, my wife and I eat here at least once a week and the owner now knows we want "the usual".Pho is fantastic as are the eggrolls and iced tea.  I did want to update my review and say the owner must have read my review as the last month or so the front window has been clean and tidy to match the rest of the place which is always nice and clean.Again, highly recommend.
5	Been here 3 times in 1 month. Love their pho. The food serving/ price is real good considering their "small" bowls of soup are huge! Food is always fresh and doesn't take long to prepare but have been there with maybe 3 other tables of people around. One night a friend & I didn't realize that they were closing soon but one of the employees stayed late. I had the Beef ball pho and the spicy beef vermicelli from here and this mango tea slush dessert (don't remember the name) and love it. I recommend to others!
3	Good Pho! Bad service, too informal and not a very inspiring decor at all. But, it is the closest we have in the far west valley. It does need TLC outside but the Pho is super yummy...
4	I have been here several more times, I guess it is time for a re-review.  The food has improved and the service too...  This family owned place looks like it is doing good!!Soy milk - YUMFried egg rolls - Every good!Bun Thit Nuong - the grilled pork was good, the noodles were just right, and the fish sauce added made it very good.
5	Great selections and generous portions. Pho is awesome, there is meatless options and the eggrolls is a must! enjoy.
1	This place is dirty, and stinky, like wet mop and sewer. Ordered the spring rolls, they were ok, i guess nothing memorable. And i also ordered the beef Pho. It came out fast, but also forgettable.
5	This place is the real deal.  The pho here has really deep developed flavors.  Good sized portions & good prices.
4	Just stopped in for some spring rolls  delish
4	I love eating here! The owners are really friendly once you go a few times they even remember what you like to eat. They had the best spring rolls for the price and for how big they are! I also get Pho with beef when I go and its always delicious. I order to take home and I like the way they package their to-go orders. Anytime I can eat at King Eggroll I will!
2	I ordered spring rolls, grilled beef w/green onions salad and rice - my meal was super yummy!  Everyone else I was with also enjoyed their entrees.  I cannot stress enough; the food was delicious.  Before leaving  I ordered a jack fruit shake with boba.... they got my order wrong and I wound up with a durian fruit shake which was still okay but not what I wanted.  I usually get my boba from Lollicups and I think I'll stick to what I'm used to because it just wasn't that great from King Egg Roll.   The service on the other hand left a lot to be desired.  We didn't get our appetizers until right before we paid and we had to ask three times to get to-go boxes.  They don't give you tickets which would be fine unless you made a large order or are in a large group.  A few people had to go back more than once to make sure they paid for everything.
5	This place has the best PHO on the west side :)  And they are know for their egg rolls.  My parents actually found this Vietnamese gem.  The staff is very nice and the food is cheap.  Always a great sunday lunch with the family!
3	I am sooo disappointed, our favorite place that we eat at weekly, has changed ownership and the food tastes COMPLETELY different. We eat the Beef Pho and eggrolls every week and today we noticed there was no one working in the place that we recognized. When the food came we said OH NO as it tasted very different and not in a good way. Neither my wife or I could eat our meal it was that bad. Even the sauce for the eggrolls was terrible. The Pho tasted nothing like any Pho we have had.From my favorite place to a place I won't eat at again in a weeks time. :(
1	I have to agree with Ray.  I use to go at least once a week and regularly enough that when I walked in, they prepared my pho before sitting down.  The last time I went (last week) the staff was different and the pho tasted different.  It was a bit greasy (you could see the oil floating on the broth).  It was flavorless and I added the hot sauce but it didn't do much.  Hope they bring the old kitchen staff back because it was the best pho in phoenix.
4	Always great Vietnamese food at a reasonable price.  We didnt realize that they had recently changed ownership.  Service was not that great last time we were there, but the food was great!
1	Worst pho in the valley. I've known 3 different people who have found random things in their pho (pieces of rubber glove, bones, plastic, etc.) including myself.Anyone who thinks this is good pho is either employed by the restaurant and is completely biased, or has never had good pho to know any better.
4	chill hangout spot over a hot bowl of pho. prices are good, boba is good. always satisfies the Pho craving/hangover. #11, #61 is the way to go.
4	First time eating here, the food was exceptional! Pho was the best I've had in long time along with the egg rolls! To top if off, the prices were super low! If I didn't live so far, I would definitely be a regular.
5	FYI the cooks are the same and athe ownership is friends of the previous owners. This place has changed owners several times but have not changed their cooks. Awesome food always delivered and great service. I am Asian and I know what is good asian food! Their Banhxeo (Vietnamese crepes ) is awesome and they also servies Banhmi (Vietnamese Sandwiches)
4	Great Pho and other dishes also. They have recently been bought by another company and the last time I went there I left pretty pissed. The food was as good as always but the two little tiny server boys SUCKED. They walked around with phone in one hand and food in the other. I told the owner and hopefully this was addressed.
5	I love this place, I come here at least twice a week. I'm not the biggest fan of Pho because I don't like the broth, so if you are only looking for pho then I can't help you. I am addicted to their bun though, it's a bowl of vermicelli on top of been sprouts and shredded lettuce with your choice of meat on top, either chicken beef or pork. It also comes with two chopped up eggrolls on top and I like to mix all the meat noodles and eggroll together and season it to taste. I have tried a couple of different places all over the valley and King Eggroll is by far my favorite. If you get the chicken it's grilled and doesn't look all that appetizing at first but when you bite into it, it is tender and juicy and delicious! I like getting the beef the most because they roll a green onion in their strips of beef and slice it up so that the beef rolls you are eating has a slice of green onion in it...amazing! No place else I have found either here or in Vegas does that for their beef. Although I'm not into Pho all that much the least I can say is that I am a regular in there and I have seen regulars in there who go there a lot because they love the Pho...so it can't be that bad, right? The people are very nice it seems clean and although there are always people in there, it never seems crowded. Reasonably priced and great food. Excellent restaurant that I recommend to my own family.
4	Pho king A : )They are back. My last time in there was disappointing and promised never to return.  The pho was horrible and flavorless. A coworker had the same experience but she gave it a second change and told me that they were back to their old favors. Well, I had to go back and give them a second chance.  I always order the same thing (pho) so my review only focuses on one thing so I do not know about the rest of the menu.  For the last couple months I've been looking for another pho place and had to leave the Avondale area.  I've been to little Saigon in Glendale which was good but nothing to really attract me again.  Saigon kitchen in surprise is delicious but a bit out of the way. Angelina's on bell is also good but too far away.  King eggroll's pho is delicious (not exactly the same way I remember it but that might be more in my mind). The broth is what gives it the great flavor and you cannot beat the price.  It is cheap (at less than $6 compare to $9 at other places) and I will definitely be back again & again.  Service was great but that could be because there was only one other table there. I definitely re-recommend it to everyone who loves pho. Glad to see them back
4	I have been eating Pho here for a couple of winters now and am pleased to say I have always had the same good soup and service. My wife likes the strawberry shake (?) with boba . I have not tried the rest of the menu but I do love the Pho.
3	Pho-rmidable noodle bowl optionNot many options for pho and bun in the West Valley, so King Eggroll wins partly by default.  They have a standard menu and you can even buy a boba tea with your meal.  Service is nice enough, depending who you get.  Casual dive on par with other Pho places.I'd rank a star higher if their food was more consistent.  Recently, their broth is watery and lacks rich flavoring.  Vegetables can be somewhat tasteless, as well.  On past visits, the broth is flavorful and rich with peppers that add some tasty pop to the meal.  Oddly, I find their eggrolls so-so and missing good crunch.We'll visit again to see it things improve.  Otherwise, we may have to start heading up to Glendale.
4	Pho has gotten better or maybe I'm just getting used to the new owners/cooks. Still not as good as the old cooks but we still enjoy it several times a month.Pho, eggrolls and iced tea...a meal fit for a king.
5	I am picky picky when it comes to my Pho and while I was hesitant to try this spot of a friend of mines I agreed seems how I was in the area and can ALWAYS eat pho!Normally any pho place that doesnt serve cilantro on the plate of veggies completely SUCKS!  Thats not a fact, there wasnt any scientific research done on this, just my theory/thought/experience...  Moving on...So we order, I always go with the Pho Tai at a new spot and later move on to the "Special" if its deemed worthy...  I knew ahead of time that cilantro did not come on the plate so I asked the lady for some on the side which she gladly brought.  The plate of veggies arrives, I look down.... LEMON!??!?!?!  LEMON I SAY!!!?!?!?!  WHAT THE PHO!!!!!!!!!!  So now I am thinking "Oh this is really going to suck, not only is cilantro not a staple on the veggie plate but they serve LEMON instead of limes!!!!"The not so "Small" sized bowl of pho tai comes out, looks good, smells good but I am still thinking its not going to taste very good...  I dress my pho up the way I like it and taste the broth...  OOOOHHHHH!  "What is this tasty goodness in my mouth?".The broth was so rich and flavorfull I hadnt even noticed the lemon I squeezed in my bowl or that I was missing my limes...  AMAZING!I had been craving a taro root boba for many months so I figured I'd grab one while I was here, again, AMAZING!  This is probably the best spot for boba's, 2nd best, which used to be the best was LeeLee Market...Now my only problem is that I live in Phoenix and this place is in Goodyear, OY!
5	We have tried many Vietnamese restaurants and this place is our favorite.  We go back weekly to have the Pho and Vermicelli. We have traveled all over asia and this place serves one of the best in the U.S. Only the restaurants in Honolulu's China Town beats this.
4	Went there and got a banh mi and Thai tea with boba and it was not bad.  The Thai tea tasted good and the boba was alright.  The banh mi is pretty good and their bread is soft and for $3 a sandwich I thought it was a good deal.  People were friendly and the place was decent would go there again.
3	I'm a bit confused about the high ratings for this restaurant, unless it's simply a reflection of what Vietnamese restaurants are available in Goodyear/Avondale.As a side note, please remember that on the display board in the front of the parking lot, this restaurant is identified as "Pho King Eggroll".  (And I dare you to tell the owners just what this sounds like in English ... apparently, they don't know).To be sure, the food here is pretty good ... but there are much better in the Valley.  Alas, for those exiled to the West Valley, there isn't much to choose from.  My big complaints with this place are the relatively small portions for prices much higher than other Viet restaurants in the Valley and service that is mediocre at best.  Like many such restaurants, the ambience --- if you want to call it that --- is noisy; and why they felt the need to turn on TVs in the place, I don't know ... though it does help to drown out some of the screaming and laughs in the restaurant during your meal.  Presentation is very basic and unappetizing:  the tables are plain and "lunchroom-like"; chairs are one level above what you'd find in a small airport; plates and utensils seem to have been purchased in a South Phoenix Goodwill.  Want a soda?  Get your own at the machine and use styrofoam cups.The pho are fine.  The meat plates are good, but the portions small enough to leave you wanting more ... and I don't mean that in a positive sense of the word.  After walking away mildly full and content, try not to regurgitate it all when you see the bill!Could be better; but then again, you are in a part of Goodyear/Avondale I would call, "The Ghetto"
4	I have been here four or five times now in the past couple of months, and I always get the same thing. When I find something I really like, I tend to stick with it. I order a #14 beef pho, and it is delish!  Today I ventured out and tried something new, and was also very impressed, so I finally had to write about it.The portions are relatively small. I don't have a huge appetite, and I am able to easily take down the entire small pho, which is $5.50. Most people would probably want to order a large unless they are getting other food as well. I think the large is only a buck more. So the prices are fair, I think. The pho is really good, with super thin sliced beef that is low in fat. Everything else is pretty standard. Today I also ordered some BBQ pork chow mien to take home. It was great! It was loaded with veggies; green onion, yellow onion, green bell pepper, broccoli, carrots, cabbage, bok choy.... I love veggies, so this was a pleasant surprise for me. I like that the sauces and service ware is right there at the table for you. The service has been hit or miss every time I have gone. Sometimes they bring me the check, sometimes I have to get up and pay. I never really know what to expect, but the food has always been good. I will continue to go here on a regular basis because of the food and it is so close to my house
2	I use to go here quite often. The food use to be delicious and the service okay. I believe there was a change in owners, so the food isn't as good and nor is the service. The last time I ate here the server came back twice to ask me for my order, which he never wrote down. He even forgot to bring an item out as well which was quite frustrating. I ordered a grilled pork and shrimp with rice vermicelli, I only got two tiny shrimps and  few pieces of really greasy pork. I was very disappointed. What was also really frustrating was their drinking glasses were not clean, there was still residue from another persons mouth plastered to the rim of the glass. Not very appetizing. I do not think I will be eating here again, and I would not dream of telling anyone else about this place either.It was nice while it lasted.
5	Awesome authentic Vietnamese food ! Serving size are larger, bowls are big and plate is bigger and affordable.
5	I love PHO.  I can come here and tear it up. I love that the location is near. I have tried the beef Pho and it hits the spot every time. It is clean and refreshing. Good enough for me. It hits the spot when you have had a few beers the night before. It also hits the spot if you just want some good ol soup. I am also a fan of the spring rolls and the sandwiches.  Everything is fresh and its just a good food that does not weigh you down on a busy day.  The prices are inexpensive. Quite affordable for the big family. So far I have not had any problems with the service or food.  For now I will keep a good rating on Central King Eggroll.
4	Amazingly good!  Don't discount it as I did based upon the name and location, this place is really excellent!  The Pho is fantastic and the spring rolls are really superb!
2	Food was good, however I'm not sure what happened to the service.  The typically good service was replaced some terrible and I mean terrible servers.
1	The food was good, I ordered some pho and my friend order the egg rolls, we all had fun but in the end one of us got food poisoning, so I will not be coming back to this place
4	This restaurant is now under new management.  And while I'm still not a fan of their main dishes, the sandwiches and spring rolls are tops.  No hesitation here:  best sandwiches in the Valley!
5	First time having Pho and it was delicious!  Staff was very nice and prompt and the restaurant was very clean!
5	I have had a bad experience with pho in the past. I tried this place by recommendation of a friend who I know knows his Vietnamese food.  We started off with egg rolls and then wet got the house fried rice. Both dishes were great and I loved the sauce they brought out with shredded carrots in it. *I'm not sure what it's called.  Then the real test the pho came out.  We ordered the large beef,  this was a huge portion so I recommend the regular size since this soup is only good eaten fresh.  The broth tasted good and the cut off beef wasn't too fatty like others I have had before.  I have had pho a total of 3 times so far and this place is by far the best.  I guess it's true, you need to go to the hood for good food
1	I asked for Chicken Chow Mein... this doesn't look like chicken or worth 7 dollars. It is dark meat at its finest. Never coming back.
4	I'm a regular here. Good Pho dac biet. Good com thit nung. Boba wasn't fresh but the goi coung was declious. Wish they kept the wild garlic in it like the old owners used to, but I think it's not compatible with the common American pallette. The restaurant is pretty clean, but those who know can attest that the best Pho is often found in the not so cleanest of places...
1	Just walked in & a couple followed, no one sat me, so I sat myself & waited for five minutes. Five minutes later nobody still came to wait on me. Another couple came in & were sat next to the table I sat, so I left; poor service.
2	Originally, I gave this place 3 stars, then changed it to 4 later.  Now, I intend to downgrade it once again.  My other half said, "why are you downgrading them?  The food is good."  Yeah,  "good" ... as long as you order their sandwiches.  The rest ... blah!  The pho has good broth; but the so-called meat is either mostly bone with barely enough meat on the bone to satisfy a Chihuahua, who's a vegetarian or has more gristle than meat!  The "rice dishes" are absolutely named appropriately:  enough rice to send your blood sugar over 500 for the night, but less meat than a Vegan eats in a year!  The egg rolls and spring rolls are ... okay; nothing more.  And while the service is quick and friendly, the dirty tables and piled up dishes don't exactly excite you about your meal (what is it about dirty Vietnamese restaurants and piled up dishes on dirty tables?  Is it anathema to Vietnamese culture to buy a dishwasher or cleaning fluid?!?).Sadly, this updated review is not the exception.  Anyone who's eaten at any Vietnamese restaurant will recognize at least one or more of my observations at their "favorite" hole-in-the-wall.  That's just the way it seems to be with these places.  Were I paranoid, I'd assume Vietnamese restaurants everywhere only did their shopping at butchers, who've sold out everything but soup bones.  The ironic thing about all of this is where other restaurants -- like PT noodles -- load their sandwiches with veggies to obviously save money on buying meat, this place loads their sandwiches with meat and skimps on the veggies!  Apparently, I just don't understand them ... which is okay:  they don't seem to understand most people who speak English either.
5	I just moved here a month ago and this is my 3rd pho place I've tried. By far it is the best! I love that everything is super hot/fresh when it comes out! We had spring rolls, egg rolls, Pho Dac Biet and bun thit nuong cha gio (vermicelli with beef and egg roll). All was fantastic
5	Tried the Korean bbq and it was bomb! And Mbeki husband tried the Mongolian dish and it was awesome!  Will definitely come here again!
4	Since I visited last the owner has sold and the staff has changed. They have good food, but this is the 4th owner in about 6 years. Not sure why, but the food and price is worth lunch or early dinner.
5	Restaurant also goes by the name Pho King Eggroll which is awesome by itself, but more importantly the food and service was great. Some of the employees seemed to have a little trouble understanding some of our questions due to what I believe was a language barrier, but they were extremely polite and someone was able to assist us promptly in taking our Take-out order. If you're looking for Vietnamese cuisine in the West Valley, this restaurant will not disappoint you.
