4	Party Cake has some great cakes, cookies and doughnuts.  Usually stop for holidays for some of the specialties cakes...Fat Tuesday is King Cake day and Party Cake's did not disappoint.  Of course, always end up buying some cookies or pastries, too.The baked goods are brought in from the Brookline baking location and are fresh, sweet and tasty.
5	Great cinnamon rolls and burnt almond tort!  Chocolate fudge icing is fantastic.
4	I was pleasantly surprised when I recently discovered the Party Cake Shop. When I was looking for a last minute cake for my husband's birthday, I found this bakery only 5 minutes from my house. Although the inside is nothing to write home about, there is a fairly large selection of donuts, biscotti, cookies and cakes ready for the eating. I decided on the burnt almond torte cake. I had the option of getting a full or half cake. The half was plenty of cake for the two of us and was only about $10. I also couldn't resist but get a brownie for the car ride home. I was tempted by the adorable halloween cookies but the chocolate iced brownie had my name written all over it. Unfortunately, the brownie tasted like it was left out for a little too long. However, when we tried the cake, we were both blown away. The soft white cake was so moist it literally was falling apart. The sugar coated almonds added a delicious crunch and much needed texture. This was one of the best almond torte's I have ever had. I can't wait to go back here and try more.
5	I have driven past this place a hundred times and thought to myself that it looked closed, then one day I got the urge to just stop. I'm so happy I did! The pastries are so. Friggin. Good! Cheesecake, cookies, brownies and torts, this is mecca for anyone with a sweet tooth!
4	Mmmm Party Cake Shop! This shop may look relatively plain decoration-wise and there may only be one or two tables and a couple chairs to sit at when you're inside, but they know exactly what they're doing when it comes to whipping up some delicious baked goods and that's what matters the most. My family and I stop in here periodically to get a range of sweets for parties and big group events, and we've never been disappointed. I personally will also stop in and see what I can pick up just for myself, and I can definitely say that I've never been given a low-quality item when I stop in here! Everything has always been fresh, moist (with the perfect amount of icing and crunch if there's other toppings as well) and just downright delicious.Here's a quick overview of what you can expect to find here: donuts, cookies (which range from butter cookies to regular chocolate chip cookies to raisin cookies to German chocolate thumbprints!), small cupcakes, enormous cupcakes (all topped with mountains of awesome icing!), danishes, cake logs and squares, great cinnamon and nut rolls, cheesecakes, almond tort desserts (of course!)...you can also find freshly baked breads, they'll gladly whip up custom orders, and they often serve seasonal goods that add a little extra something to their line-ups. All of that definitely sounds like a good bakery to me!One quick tip for my fellow dessert lovers: be careful not to go in when you're sweet tooth is raging, because you'll definitely have a hard time leaving with just one thing! I certainly do!
