4	While these apartments have a similar feel to the rest around them, they have some nice amenities, and I'm a big fan of the floor plans!Colors are neutral, but the floor plans are open! The floor plan that we looked at was the Painted Desert. The bedroom has some beautiful large French doors that swing open and give the layout a sunny and airy feel. Plenty of storage space. The girl showing us the apartment was really friendly, even though we were sort of rushed to look at as many places as possible in one day. She answered all of our questions and gave her honest opinion! This is a Piscerne property- the customer service is good, and they know how to manage an apartment complex.Most of the amenities are pretty standard, pool, hot tub, etc. But they also had a clubhouse with an electric swanky fireplace.Prices were pretty reasonable for how well the property was maintained and they felt fairly new. Current pricing for their apartments can be found on their website and they're always running specials!
3	I love this complex. Resort style living is fabulous but the staff is not exactly top notch. I've been living in the apartments now for 4 months and have had several run ins where the staff left me waiting while they chit chatted with maintenance so I had to go back and confront them, they've been short & curt or pass the blame on to other staff. It took them over a month to get my name in the call box to let visitors in.
1	The gates to the property are open all the time;they should be closed.4 apartments broken into 2-3 weeks ago;the management didn't even warned the tenants to turn on all the time the alarm, so 3-4 days ago, another 2 apartments were broke into.The management doesn't give a rat's a$$ about it, claiming it's not their responsibility to check the gates!We're living in your "house" and you're telling us is not responsibility to check the gates?Don't feel like at least warn your tenants about what is going on on your property?Covington, there is only one way you can go and that one is DOWN!Thank you but no, thank you!
1	No security camerasGates are always open or having malfunctions (my roommate's car got hit) and the office will not take any responsibility MY APARTMENT GOT ROBBED + 6 other apartments.... and the gates are still open :)BUGS BUGS BUGSThe office manager (Thomas S) is an ass....The big manager of Picerne Group hang up on meWhen my lease is up I'M MOVING OUT!!!!!!I wish I was reading some reviews before I moved in
2	Even though the resort like living is super nice here there is much to be desired. We pay for a gated community but the gates are open all the time.We pay to live in a nicer place but our downstairs neighbors are growing marijuana and within just a few days of living here our window was broken out of one our vehicles. It is true that some staff is not super helpful. The facility wants you to take full responsibility and they take none.If things do not greatly improve we will not be renewing our lease.
1	Well, had to make yet another police report. One of cars got broken into, items stolen. Gates are open all the time. Feel very disappointed.Had to call police earlier in the month because someone's disgruntled girlfriend was left here (didn't live here but was in the complex) and was beating on the boyfriends car at 5 am screaming for two hours.Not what I expected for the idea that was sold to us about living here.
1	If I could give less than one star I would. DON'T rent here! Management and staff are not professional and very rude, and when I called with some legitimate issues they did nothing to make them right. The manager talked over me the whole time and when I got mad he hung up on me. That's just the start of it. Our unit has some hokey set up with the AC run off for the condensation that drips from the ceiling into our sink! Very unsanitary! Just save your money and go elsewhere.
1	Zero stars for this place! My home was just broken into...along with two other apartments -that I know of so far...one tenant her second time today! Wish I would have read these reviews before moving in
1	Again another reported burglary on 12/8/13 3 days from my incidental this apartment complex & I also found out my neighbor was burglarized 3 months ago. pull up alertid.com to see all recent incident reports for this place- Again this place does not care about your safety! Don't be fooled by the low prices, you will end up paying more a month I recommend setting up ADT or another security monitoring system before you dare moving into this place!
2	Back to two starts from one.  Still a bug problem that is mainly outside but we are dealing with it.  Put in some baits and have the landlord do some sprays.  No improvement yet but I am hopeful.Breaking a lease is not possible as they stated I'd hava to get robbed and that almost everyone wants to break there lease.So these are the facts:Bugs are present even if you treat for themAlmost everyone wants to break their leaseThe one good think is the people who work here truly try to do their best.  They know it's hard to live here so they do what they can..  I had complained of loud barking dogs all night long and although I had to figure out which apartment it came from, they did resolve the problem so thus the two stars.Nice, would you live here after hearing that?For anyone wondering on the high reviewers,specifically Holly, I contacted her and apparently she doesn't live here.  She just took a tour and filled out a review.  Therefore she has no idea what it is like to live here.  Would you use her review or someone who has lived here like me.  My experience is not that great but apartment living is very risky and buying a house is also pretty expensive around here as the Master plan south of us is about 300k for anything of which will be build pretty cheaply to save money.  We are in Vegas baby, what do you expect?  Trump palace.Any one want to rob me?  LMAO
1	I currently live here and I hate it. If I could afford to break my lease, I would. When I signed my lease at the end of April, I was told that these apartments are safe, quiet, and have 24 hour security. I have seen the security guard twice. Once crouched between two vehicles and once in front of the office with their eyes focused on their phone. One of the women in the office told me that I would always have parking close to my apartment even though there is no assigned parking. I very rarely have parking close to my apartment. The gates are always open or broken. There are three vehicles that haven't moved since I moved in. I was also told that the pools are 24 hours as long as tenants are respectful of units around them. I was hassled by security for being at the pool 10 minutes after "closing time". I've had ants in my apartment twice as well as other common bugs. I cleaned my unit thouroughly before I moved in and it's been nothing but bugs. There are also ants in the landscaping right off of my patio. This complex is pet friendly, but if you don't clean up after your pets they fine you which is understandable yet there is animal waste in almost every patch of grass. The areas around the dumpster have trash all around them as well as broken glass. I've seen vehicles parked in the red zone area overnight multiple times. If there is an emergency, I would hate to be the unit near that red zone. I don't feel safe here or that the maintenance or staff actually care about what's going on in this complex. As soon as I can get out, I'll be on my way.
1	Just like all the other review this place is the worst! There are so many issues with this apartment I don't even know where to start. Here's just a few before you decide to rent* Staff is beyond unprofessional & rude* pools are always dirty* gates are constantly open/broken* POLICE are always there for break ins, theft & domestic calls* bugs - the (monthly) spraying does not help* no sound proof barriers between apartments ( pray you are not around any yapping animals)* staff will not do any thing about noise complaints * the best and most memorable part of my horrid 1 year stay is that it took 3 MONTHS to receive our deposit check backFor your own good DO NO RENT HERE! Below are the reasons you should rent here:
1	poor service!!!unfortunately right after you pay them, service became lousy!take them for ever to come and fix up thinks in the aptemployees are moody and rude!
1	After living here for 2 years and poor customer service later. They finally robbed my apartment. What happened to having a luxurious, secured apartment we pay tons of $$ for. It looks like they have professional and damn thieves. Get through the door and pretend like they jumped in the balcony to the 2nd floor. Oh yeah a wooden rod to the sliding door didn't crack or broke the glass if they really came through the balcony very suspicious. And of course they won't let u breAk your lease for what they brought on you. Something must be done.
