2	I've heard so much about this place. Boy is it overrated. When I finally went there on a Saturday night, it was not that busy at all. There are two halves to the club, the "axis" half that plays mainly techno, and the "radius" half that plays mostly hip hop. The dance floors were tiny, and the upstairs area was small too. The crowd was pretty boring too. Practically nobody was dancing. Also, I expected to see  way more good looking people. boooooooooo
2	If you like mindless, generic music, then this is the place for you.  The dance floors are on the small side, and seating is inadequate.  Have been a few times [always being dragged after the first time].  Crowded with pretentiousness up the wazoo.
5	Axis-Radius, is a two building club side by side. Axis plays an assorted set of Techno, Rap, R&B and House. Radius plays Rap, R&B and a bit of House. There are 2 live DJ's spinning, VIP Room upstairs connects both clubs with an upstairs lounge areas.On Friday & Saturday nights there are dancers above the bar.This is one hip club. Good spot for 'Eye-Candy' of both sexes. This club has a great staff... Bartenders, Security & dancers.Axis-Radius, Suede & Mist are all owned by one organization. Suede is directly across the street and Mist is on the backside of that. Its a bit weird to have 4 clubs in a two block area but they all serve a different set of clientel.
1	If you asked me to jump into traffic or spend an entire night at Axis, I would have to think about it for a second. I would probably ultimately decide to go to Axis because, hey, I mean, walking into traffic would probably kill me, seriously. But the point is, I'm not a fan. Axis is the Mecca of the snoody Scottsdale attitude and fosters superficiality and homgeneity. Girls look and act the same, guys wear the same cheesy clothes and drive the same gas guzzling SUV's. It represents an entire set of values to me more than I even consider it to be a physical location.And maybe that is my problem with it. Everything it signifies to me is much worse, I'm sure, than the tangible club could actually ever be. Either way, you won't catch me there any time soon.
3	Stop #2 of the night, Axis-Radius. Two big clubs connected by a catwalk. Another really nice looking club that is just enormous. Double decker on both sides, a lounge upstairs that overlooks the dance floors and a few huge patios. You get your choice of music depending on which side of the club your one. Hip Hop on the left and Pop/Dance on the right. Another Scottsdale club just packed with the beautiful people, what do they put in the water out there? One ingredient is definitely bleach. And I thought we had a lot of blonds in LA.The club is really nice but not quite as good as Myst, however they did sell cigars here which complimented the large open patios.There was a line and $10 cover. Expect the velvet rope treatment if your not there before 10:30. Odd they try this tactic, it's Arizona not LA or Vegas.
1	$10 cover?So many people you can't move?Expensive drinks?Not a fan.  This is like a club in the middle of Arizona trying to pretend like it's in LA.  Scantily clad dancers are everywhere and overall it was sleazy.
2	Somehow, everyone who has even flown through PHX has set foot in Axis or Radius at some point.  Recently transplanted newbies appear to REALLY like to bring their out-of-towner friends here to impress them because obviously, Cincinnati has never and will never see anything like this madhouse.  This is true.  And 'natti is better off for it.One word: overrated.  And heres why:Theres always a suuuper long line.  You have to pay cover.House music.Expensive drinks.Douche-y dudes in leather pants.Extra bitchy girls.God, I dont know, I just hate the vibe in here.  I mean, I guess if youre trying for over-the-top, we're-not-in-Kansas anymore, check-out-how-VIP-I-am-now-that-I-live-in-Scottsdale, this could be your desintation for a night.
3	See my review for Myst because much of that applies here - however, Axis/Radius is of course a little different... This is a bit more of a meet market than Myst and there's more space to dance if that's your thing - that doesn't mean there's more room... it's actually more difficult to dance here because it's more crowded on a busy night. This place has been around longer than most clubs in the valley and it has managed to keep somewhat busy. The fact that it's been around for so long should demonstrate how solid it is. I'm not a huge fan of clubbing and I don't even really like to go to Myst or Axis/Radius - however, I recognize that these places do a good job at what they do. I have even had a decent time at these clubs before. One of the benefits of going to one of these larger clubs is that the douche-factor is lower than at the smaller trendy clubs. The 'who's who' are far too snobby to show their faces here. You're also likely to meet someone from out of town here.
1	This club is for you if you like:- watching college girls who can't dance very well but have big busts dance on podiums, - a crowded! dance floor with admittedly very good looking college-age girls and guys- a more high class snooty scene I go clubbing very often and though it seems to be a popular spot in scottsdale, I had a really bad time here.  the DJ on this Fri night was horrible, tried to hard to mix and music and ended up creating a very choppy mix that was REALLY hard to dance to.  He was one of the worst DJs I've ever heard.  The crowd was young (as am I), moderately snooty, superficial and rude.  Maybe if I didn't have to pay 10 bucks to get in I would give it such a bad review....
1	Having lived most of my life in NY and LA, this club gets a single star.  The music sucked (attrocious, terrible, blase, derivative, etc...) the people are obnoxious and plastic (they make LA people look positively alive, charming and witty), the drinks are terrible (the bartenders knowledge of mixology ranked right up there with... well, I can't think of anyone lousy enough to compare it to), and overpriced.  Having said that, I've been there 4 times (always taken there by another couple or as part of a group), and it is consistently terrible.
1	I HATE clubbing and HATE people who refer to themselves as clubbers. This place is about as much fun as church on Sunday and has just as many fake people as Church as well. Stay away unless you want to be surrounded by douche bags.
2	I wholeheartedly agree with most of these reviewers.  This place is an overpriced, overcrowded, waste of time. I am not a "clubber" but I have friends who like to dance and occasionally visit a club.If you really want to dance - I suggest you try PCL (Pussycat Lounge), Suede (relatively mellow), Jackrabbit, e4, Six, Barcelona, or either of Devil's Martini's 2 locations.Granted, I am not a dancer... but the vibe at Axis Radius is ridiculous -- you feel like you're trapped in a bad rap video! MYST is also a complete bust unless you have an overpriced VIP table.
2	The only (and I mean ONLY) reason you might want to go here is for the dance / techno dance floor.  Pretentiousness is at it's finest at Axis Radius.  I'm a former bar fly to some degree and Axis (and Myst) were always last on my list.  Not worth your money or time unless you fit into the scene.  Oh and ladies, you do pay a cover here.
1	A hahaha haaa...this place is such a joke and the people there are so serious about being cool.
2	We went for my bday my sis and her friend hooked up the VIP bottle service. It was a Fri night we decided on the hip hop side downstairs big mistake after 11 they started having a Guitar Hero tournament. Luckily we were able to switch sides and pick another area for the night. The girl that was appointed to do the bottle service sucked major butt. She could not make a drink worth shit, why cant I make my own drinks here and have to settle for a half retarded girl instead of a real bartender when paying for bottle service!?!?! We had red bull and pineapple juice, mixing drinks should not be that hard one shot or 2 hello!?!?!  A part from that the music that plays for about 40 seconds then switches and is meant to totally screw with your brain top it all off the the cold as hell fog and you wonder why we are called cattle!?!? If you are into this sort of thing then I highly suggest this place and VIP would be the way to go but get someone that can make drinks for fucks sake and if theres 6+ girls they should have a hot guy making those drinks maybe then we wouldnt have minded as much.
1	I don't like this place. Was here on New Year's Eve after several drinks and still did not think it was cool. The place is a mess. Overcrowded with the wrong type of crowd. It's just not a place I ever want to be and would never go on my own free will ever again.
1	Hated it! Why do you have go-go dancers in a place that really doesn't need any! The staff is snobby ....please take my order and shut up! I got nothing but attitude and then I was shoved into a couple because apparently the guy behind me needed to go dance right away and he didn't even apologize. While all this happened the bouncer who saw what had occured did nothing and didn't even help me up.
2	Ok, I hate this place.  I am only giving it the extra 2nd star because I was able to get in VIP...and the bouncers are actually very nice there.Why do I hate this place?  First of all, the go-go dancers there are a joke.  The people that were there were just plain nasty wanna-be somethings...I don't even think there is a name for it.  I have no idea which side is which...but the DJ sucked on both sides.  One side smelled like pot and piss.  And my drink was HORRIBLE!!!  Still had a great time though.  (Maybe because I was drunk)
4	I like this place.. the design is moden... very spacious/open. music was good. when it comes to clubbing. music is the key.. Although I do think it is an upscale club in scottsdale area. the drinks were probably more expensive there.They kind of have two rooms, the main room were packed, where the other one was pretty empty. I wouldn't mind go back there if I'm in the area again.I have no complain.. good music.. good time
2	My douchebag radar was so far off the scale here I just shut it off completely. There's stairs ALL OVER the place, (I swear, some drunk chick in stilettos is going to fling herself down one of these one day) silly fog machines and unenthusiastic go-go dancers, with security guards standing watch at every doorway. Do you really need that much security? Eh, to be fair, I did witness some drama go down. I would hate to live in a world where I subscribed to the thought that Axis/Radius is THE hippest nightlife destination in the Phoenix metro area. Sadly, a lot of people seem to be trapped in this mindset. The patrons walk around in a zombie-like daze. In their intense social longing to "be someone," or "find someone" they force themselves to frequent this club hoping to be seen by the right person, maybe get a snapshot on 944 or Dirty Scottsdale .com. It is true that this is quintessential Scottsdale, but it is not representative of the entire city's scene as a whole, as some sadly write it off as. Highlight: Dancing to "Sandstorm."
1	Scottsdale is not my usual scene, but I went to Axis Radius a couple of weeks ago with a friend who was home for winter break.It was worse than I expected.I spent all of my money and didn't even get drunk. What the hell?The men were MERCILESS. I expected them to be on the prowl, but it was ridiculous. Every 5 seconds I was trying to escape from some new guy  trying to grind on me. I do NOT know you, please don't touch me with your wiener! Even just walking through the crowd, men were grabbing at our hands and hips trying to stop us. The music was ok but it was impossible to really dance to it. The drinks are too expensive to get nice and intoxicated from. I don't understand the point of this place, then. It must be to hook up. I know of better meat markets, I won't be returning.
4	This type of club usually isn't my scene. Gotta say that up front. A friend from out of town likes the place though and got a VIP balcony room with bottle service. Needless to say that's seriously the way to go. If you can get a bunch of friends together, there's no way you can't have fun up there. We had two private bartenders which were very cool and attentive, the bouncers upstairs were also nice. We got to the front of the line, had no cover. It was pretty pimp. The music was ok. Would I go here again and stand in that line and not be VIP? No, but then again it's not my scene to begin with.
1	normally i do not venture to party outside of my central phoenix neighborhood. but i jumped at the opportunity to see faux punk, a daft punk dj cover crew, at axis-radius. saw the ad for it in the new times, and they included a write up to comment on how cool this daft punk replica was, and that they featured a space ship stage, daft punk-style helmets, laser lights, and used all the same touch equipment that the real punks use. with only a $5 dollar cover. sounded cool to me, so a few friends and i headed out to scottsdale for an unforgettable night of douchbagery.upon arrival at axis radius, we found no parking and had to valet for $7. we got in line and were told there was a $10 cover. i told the door guy that the new times said it was $5, and he told me to show him. i was taken back, and joked to him as to why the hell i would carry a new times around with me to the bar. refusing to pay $10 to get in, we walked out of line and approached some important-looking security management people who let us in for $5. we got inside, at around midnight, figuring we were gonna be right on time to see faux punk start. they were nowhere in sight. both dj's downstairs were not playing daft punk, and i saw no spaceship stage. i asked AT LEAST 5 security guards (there are like 50 of them in here to ensure no one gets their ed hardy shirts ripped off or their veneers knocked out) and bartenders and no one seemed to know who the fuck i was talking about, nor knew of the event really. if your club is hosting an event that you've been promoting all across the valley, don't you think you'd school your employees on what was going on? how did no one in that whole fuckin place have no clue what i was talking about?we finally got ahold of a bottle girl walking around who told us that the faux punk DJs were UPSTAIRS performing, which was the VIP area. what. the. fuck. they finally came downstairs to perform about 20 minutes later, minus the spaceship stage and cool daft punk replica instruments. and their helmets were motorcycle helmets covered in duck tape.drinks were way overpriced, two vodka drinks came out to $23. plus a $1 credit card usage charge. i was afraid to leave my girlfriends side for fear one of the 10,000 single guys in the room would verbally rape her.i don't know whose fault this whole mess was, but i'm going to blame all of the sources. axis radius for their lack of communication. the promotions company for being hella unclear. and the new times for dragging me to the epicenter of sausage fest 3000.
2	Hmm... ok.. great music... i liked the big screen music videos going... aside from that... ugh..... no where to sit... unless you get a VIP... which is CRAP... its like two step away from sitting the floor! wtf.... the go-go dancers were cute and enthusiastic... the club is split into two rooms... cool and all but they were exactly the same!! no where to sit when your tired and way to crowded to function.... whats the point of a dance club if you don't have the room to DANCE? right?? their were body guards at your every move.. and it was seriously kind of creepy if you ask me.... before i went to this place, i was all hyped up... hearing all kinds of great things... it was poppin... fun.... so much dancing and cool people.... um correction... every guy there was busy having a dude fest... all interested in themselves.. its was weird... no interaction... people crowding the dance floor... that weren't even dancing... hmm... over all... it was totally ruined for me.....
2	i dont know if my judgment here would be fair or not because i have been to many big clubs almost in most famouse citites, NYC, Amsterdam, paris, Toronto,, you name it  now Axis is my first night club i visited in Arizona and i didnt enjoy it much i mean yeah sure u can enjoy anything with enogh vodka in ur system but i wont added to my favorite clubs. music wasnt updated. people dont really talk or interact with u bar tenders are very slow. again i dont wana comment based on one night in axis i would give it another try but if you know better clubs in scottsdale then enlighten me plz.
3	From the outside it looks like a happening place. There's usually long lines and flashy lights. As far as the crowd, it is a bit ghetto. A lot of the guys either looked really young or really old. The drinks were not strong and the dance floors get too crowded. The music is okay. I guess I would go a second time, because I believe the night you go  can make an impact.  I went on a Saturday so who knows maybe on a Friday its different?
3	if you're looking for a club and don't mind expensive drinks.
3	I've only been here once.  Yeah, I told someone that and they looked at me like I was lying.  Seriously, only once.I ended up here after a mix-up at Cream (F.Y.I. I hate Cream), by mix-up I mean giving my friend's table away even though she was buying four bottles.  Anyway, Axis was more than willing to giver her what she wanted.  I must say that I really did enjoy myself, but I wouldn't go back if I wasn't VIP.  I need a place to sit and hang out; there didn't seem to be a spot for that downstairs.  Later in the night, I wondered around a bit looking for the restroom.  There was this little section I just assumed I could go into and the bouncer stopped me dead in my tracks because I didn't have a wristband.  I turned away slightly deflated when the man behind me asked where I was going.  I pointed to my wrist and said, "I guess you need a wristband."  He smiled and said, "no you don't."  He led me up to the bouncer and told him, "she's with me."  And they say chivalry is dead. Anyway, the bathroom situation upstairs is a real joke.  It's hot, unisex and there were only two. TWO!  The walls are frosty so if you put your hand on the glass the people on the other side can see the shadowy silhouette.  It reminded me of that scene in Titanic where Kate and Leo fog up the back of a car with their love making and leave just a hand print behind... probably because I reenacted it, without the sex and just the cheesy hand on the window. I wandered around some more and decided it was way more fun upstairs.  Getting a table upstairs with a group of friends is the way to go.  You can lounge, drink, have conversation, and make little trips downstairs for dancing rather than actually being stuck down there.  Honestly, if it were not for the refuge of our VIP table I would've bailed long before 2am.  In conclusion, 4 star fun with friends upstairs and 2 stars worth of fun downstairs if you're not actively dancing... so lets call it a 3.
1	Could this place suck any more? I don't think so. Parking around here is horrible, but I can understand because it's in the middle of drunk skank central... and axis-radius seems to be their home base. Wasted girls who will PLOW right into you without saying excuse me... prepare to have your $5,000 freshly rhinoplastied noses broken. And if I had a dollar for every pathetic Ed Hardy-wearing, slimy jerk who tried hitting on me the 10 minutes my fiance and I were apart, I could probably retire. Drinks were ridiculously expensive. Nowhere to sit. This place is way too crowded with obnoxious, disgusting people... all just hoping to get laid. Gross.
2	This was the best club in the Valley for years and really started the upscale clubbing scene in the valley that made clubs in NY and LA envious. I remember coming here in 1999 and there were Lamborghini Diablos, Bentleys and Rolls Royces parked in front. People actually dressed well and the women were gorgeous. It was really a scene out of a movie.My have things changed! It went from being a glamorous upscale club to a trashy skate boarder/ska/hip hop club. It's made for the ESPN X-games crowd as opposed to the martini/lounge/W crowd that it once held. I certainly don't like rich snobs but there is some merit to an upscale club and this place lost that sense of class it once had. It has a lot of potential and it could easily be the best place in Scottsdale if it reinvented itself.
3	Have you ever wondered what it's like to "beat the beat up" with the cast of Jersey Shore? That is what an evening at Axis Radius is like. Pretty comical and stereotypical of the classic club scene. Fear not! It is not all bad! Somehow if you can swim past the sea of affliction shirts and fake boobs, you can meet some great people and listen to some good music. Like most of my fellow yelpers, this place is not worth going to if you don't have VIP. I need a place to sit and converse with my fellow people who are too cool to dance with the masses. Ok, I'm going to let you in on a secret. The people in VIP who don't dance, can't dance. Myself included. I have the grace and elegance on the floor of Elaine from Seinfeld. Spastic and off beat. The drinks are pretty good, but beware of opening tabs. Axis Radius will rob your bank account if they could. But to my fellow yelpers...Go, be free, and dance the night away!
3	As my friend puts it.  Axis sucks to go by yourself.  If you are in a group with an equal guy-girl ratio... life is great and you are going to have a good time.  Going by yourself, or even a bunch of guy friends, you really get to experience why Scottsdale has the reputation it has.  The place is full of stuck up girls who wont give you the time of day if you want to talk to them... not quite sure what they paid more for, their clothes, the drinks at axis, or their fake ta-tas.  Overall, when I go here I have a good time.  Some are better than others of course, but I would give it a 2.5 if I could.  Completely average for a time out on the town.  Fridays and Saturdays do get packed and drinks are pretty expensive.  My best advice- Pregame, Bring Friends, and Dance!
5	A must-visit night club in Greater Phoenix.
2	I've been here a few times for block parties and private parties. It's nothing great and gets quite packed. I'm surprised the Fire Marshalls don't have this place on their radar. Guys are pre-Jersey Shore douchebaggy... more Situation than Pauly D. I'm sure Pauly D would be a better DJ than the one they use. Anyhow, don't go for the guy candy, there isn't any. The VIP area is overrated and drink prices are a bit on the high side. Unless they are spiking your drink with cocaine, I'd advise heading elsewhere.
3	I've been here several times and I've never really enjoyed myself. This is the spot for douchey guys that are trying to throw their money around and look like idiots, sorry guys but you just look plain stupid decked out in ed hardy and shirts that are 2 sizes too tight. The girls are especially slutty (come on girls don't give us all a bad name), and the whole idea of 2 clubs should make this place somewhat cool, but it just doesn't. The drinks are good and they spin decent music, but its not somewhere I would go out of my way to go.
1	Thursdays are DEAD here. But not over at Myst ;)They don't open the upstairs.There were 6 people getting drunk. Not even hot people.It was just lame. I hope no one I know ever suggests this place again.
1	To Whom it may Concern... (I was visiting from LA)Last night (Saturday, June 12 2010) I had V.I.P. service reserved for my birthday. I have NEVER been as disappointed as I was with the service at your club. When I arrived, the security at the main entrance was completely rude to me. I was not given the table in the upper level of the XXXXXX club as requested. I understand that there was another V.I.P. event taking place in the lower level; however the table we had arranged wouldn't have interfered with the event taking place. After we didn't get the table we had arranged, the time it took for your staff to fix the problem was unacceptable. I was told it would only take 30 minutes. An hour passes by and still I had not heard from the staff. I went and spoke with the staff again at which time I was told it would be another hour before I would receive my V.I.P service at which time it would have been 11:00 pm. I had to argue my way with the staff which then gave me a table at the other club where I didn't want to be at in the first place, but was informed that my party would be moved to the original club. Well, our table never got moved and we were at the other club the whole night. During the events of the night to include coming and going from the other club, I was given a hard time by the security on multiple occasions to include going to the restrooms. On top of all this, the waitress assigned to our area had to constantly be reminded about making drinks for my party members. Instead, she was seen multiple times talking to the bartenders, Dj's or the security. On a positive note, when asked to take care of an issue, she responded as necessary. Overall I was very disappointed with the quality of service offered at your club and the empty promises made by your administration staff who stated that there would be balloons, a table in a certain area, a cake which I did end up receiving after asking for it. If this is the kind of V.I.P. birthday package you all offer, you might want to revise your standard operating procedures.
4	Dancers are pretty good. They're actually hot.Had a fashion show once here.I really liked the experience.Good VIP rooms. Spacey.Also had birthday celebration here. I would say its aright.good music, okay crowd, fun atmosphere.I like chilling upstairs and looking down at the dance floor.The bouncers are usually pretty cool.The guys here are MEH tho... especially as the time gets close to 2 AM they get drunker and drunker and they're really ugly, sleezy, and persistent.
4	Came here for some late night partying this Labor day weekend and was told that this is the place to go in Scottsdale! My first impression was not very good because they charge both males and females a $10 cover charge (lame!).. The cool thing about this place is you can either go to Axis (the techno side) or Radius (the rap/hip-hop side).. This venue is basically two buildings connected together with a lower level for guests and an upper level for VIP (ladies get in free, men pay $10).. I spent about 2 minutes in Axis and decided right away that I wasn't feelin it because it was smaller than Radius and the music was terrible! My entire night was basically spent in the Radius VIP section.. There were a few occasions where I went downstairs to join the drunks on the dancefloor but I mainly tried to avoid getting shoved around like a rag doll and remained upstairs.. The bar downstairs was always packed but they have cocktail waitresses that can serve you from wherever you're standing at, and upstairs there were 2 bars with quick service since it was less crowded.. Drinks ran at about $8-10 a piece and were moderately strong.. My only negative comment for the DJ was that he changed over between songs too quickly, and didn't allow the essence of the music to really speak to its patrons.. By the time you really got with the beat he changed it! I still loved the overall selection of music he played (minus a handful of songs that he repeated! that's a no-no..) Any club that can remind me of the old school flavor they blast back home is a winner in my mind.. The go-go dancers they have up on raised platforms are HOT but limited to generic moves, meaning nothing too exciting.. If I'm ever in the Scottsdale area again I would probably return here after I check out Myst, Suede and the Pussycat Lounge.. Thank you for a fun weekend Scottsdale!P.S. After they close promptly at 2:10am there are swarms of bike cops, cops on horses, and cop cars so behave! [:
3	You have to be crazy...to pack so much ppl for an event like ATB and still keep the glass???? I was close to get cut with all the bullies that kept on trying to take pictures and will push in the most rude way. VIP? what is VIP on being far and not closer? I'm glad I payed the lower ticket. Still, expect a lot of posers who have no clue what is a good DJ and will be drunk as fast as possible. After DJ finished, I tried to go to the restroom and the security guy wouldn't let me....THANKX! other than that...I hope no other good DJ comes to this place.
2	If this was the first club I ever went to in my life... maybe then  I would write a favorable review. Unfortunately for Axis Radius this is one of many clubs I've been too and simply said... it lacks hardcore. I don't know why people honestly think this club is cool?!The coolest thing about Axis Radius is the exterior design, and go-go dancer sitting atop a platform outside the entrance of the club, and the fact that it is two clubs in one. One side plays house music and the other plays hip hop. Once you get into Axis Radius check out the bathrooms... they are dirty. Dirty bathrooms in VIP, dirty bathrooms on both sides of the club, upstairs, downstairs... it doesn't matter. Now, I don't go to the club to use the bathroom mind you, but still, it is a little scary to think about what the bar tidyness level is like if the bathrooms are never, ever clean. Drinks are rather expensive. Entrance to the club is free or $5 bucks for the ladies, gentlemen, I think your paying around $10 on an average night. I think Axis Radius is a lot of hype. The gogo dancers are pretty, but it is over crowded, muggy and the entire club feels dirty. I'd suggest Dirty Pretty or American Junkie.
3	I had a great time the two times I have gone, I really liked that one side had techno and the other side dance/hip hop.  Wish the dance music side was bigger like the techno side. Although I love both types of music I think when people go dancing they are going to dance to hip hop/ dance music and that side gets very over crowded, making it a little hard to dance.  Its been a while since I've gone out and I do not go out to clubs very often, so my experiences with clubs out here is fairly minimal. I am originally from NYC and have been to some pretty great places in NY in the past but this is probably one of the better clubs I have been to here in AZ so far.  Its empty until 11-11:30pm as most places are in Scottsdale, then it gets really crowded quickly but if you get there slightly earlier you can avoid  the long lines. The only  reason I went was to enjoy the  dancing and have a great time with friends but I am not really into that whole club scene. Wish there was a place to go dance without the constant bad pick up lines, but that just naturally comes along with that territory. :)  to expect any less would probably be a little foolish. Despite the corny pick up lines I will go back again sometime because overall it was a really fun atmosphere and I had a great time there dancing with my friends!
3	This club was pretty diverse on a Friday night with great music, it was a mixture of house, R&B etc. There was two levels and the bar area was pretty big. The only thing I hated was the continuous blowing of fog, so freaking cold. I had my jacket on all night.Great place for table services and outdoor seating.
1	I'm giving this place a 1 star only because 0 stars are not an option.  This place blows so much.  It's overpriced shitty service and I am surrounded by pretentious women, and the douchebaggery that is the Scottsdale men.  Ed Hardy/Affliction wearing 25K millionaires, who think they are the shit, when in all reality they are lame as shit!  I hope this place shuts down!
1	I've been to Axis-Radius about 5 times and have never had a spectacular time. I will list the reasons why.(1) If you go on the weekend then the place is nasty packed. I am pretty sure that every time a big DJ comes to town they violate fire code by packing as many people as possible in. On one instance, I had bought pre-sale tickets. Upon getting there I waited in line for nearly 2 hours and the line moved about 10 people (who were also presale). All the while, people rolling in and paying door-price-premiums got in. Fuck you Axis-Radius for not letting PAID customers in while you let people willing to pay premium prices to get them and their posse in. (2) Prices. Drink prices are the highest I've seen. I think a long island (my staple drink) is about $12. Talk about getting raped - this is Scottsdale, not a holiday weekend in Vegas. I will say that I came here one time and they gave my group (5+ people) a FREE bottle of vodka, with bottle service. I guess Thursdays are super slow days for them.(3) Creeper hell. I am a guy and *I* am weirded out my the creeper groups that seem to plague Axis-Radius. Can't people, especially girls, dance without you and your 4 buddies doing a Night at the Roxbury skit where you surround a girl and don't let her go. It's bad enough where I will step in and act like their boyfriend until the weirdos leave. How creepy.(4) Trip hazard. I don't know what it is, but I've found more things to trip over in Axis-Radius, sober and drunk. I guess that is extra entertainment.Bottom line - stay way unless you want to pay a premium to be mobbed... or are just dying to see a special DJ. As for me, I'm done with A-R.
2	This place is ass... Some friends of mine were coming into town to see a specific DJ so I decided to meet them. If I had known what Axis Radius was like I would have stayed home. This place must have rocked 15 years ago but now it just seems kind of sad. I'd describe the atmosphere but to be honest there wasn't any. If despair is a theme then Axis Radius nails it. The crowd was an awkward hodgepodge of drunks, out to pasture party boys and desperate women. The drinks were pricey but strong and the go-go dancers were definitely easy on the eyes, hence the two star rating. Maybe it's my fault for going. It could be that I'm not the right sort of person to go to Axis Radius. If so, I'm totally ok with that.
1	This place is horrible. I went there Jan 2010 and would never go back. The club was full of greasy, sleazy-looking guys, like washed up, 30-something bros. If there were people there besides my group of friends that were under 30 years old, we did not see them. The DJ was playing basically 90's music exclusively; and maybe we just happened to come on a themed night, but you cannot dance to hits of the 90's. Not exactly my cup of tea. He also tended to rely on button sounds and repeated them ad nauseum throughout the night. There are only so many times you can listen to a stock horn noise and  "IT'S 2010!" before you want to shoot the DJ, and 9 times per song (not kidding) is slightly excessive. I would've gone to the other dancefloor (Axis or Radius, whichever one I wasn't in), but it was closed. Slightly irritating considering they promise one cover, two clubs. On a good note, the drinks weren't bad and the bartender was friendly. Also, the dancers they had were pretty good, which is good for ambiance. And there was a nice lounge area upstairs which helped me not feel like throwing myself out a window. Without these things, I would have been wishing for a zero-star rating, but as it stands, one-star is accurate.
2	words can not describe the epic douchefactor that axis/radius possesses. so why did i come here? two friends of mine were in from LA and they wanted to hit up Scottsdale and see what it was like. i have lived here for a year... A YEAR, PEOPLE!... and had yet to go to Scottsdale to experienced the ultimate in popped collars and sick belt buckles. so, i agreed to to take them out for an unforgettable night on the town. walking up to this place, we immediately noticed the long ass line full of extremely cold OSU/Auburn people attempting to get in. apparently this place charges a $10 cover but after a brief chat with the lovely bouncer, he let us through the other side for free. $10 cover in Phoenix? c'mon. the place is kind of interesting when you first walk in. you're faced with a choice: gravitate towards the rhythmic thumping of the techno on the Radius side OR shake what your mamma gave you to some hip hop on the Axis side. we explored Axis first. the people watching was AWESOME. drunk frat boys trying to score with equally if not drunker girls dressed in super shorts skirts, 8 inch heels, and no jackets because wearing a jacket when its 42 degrees outside is so lame. i also dug the older gentlemen who were stalking the younger ladies. they were pretty damn entertaining. i do have to say that the bartenders really were on point. they were fast, friendly, and knew their shit. i was grateful since drinking was pretty much required to get through the night.the Radius side really didnt fair any better. actually, it was more sausage festy than Axis. lots of guys standing around with their Monsters + Vodka watching the spare population of girls dance. it looked like a grade school dance with boys on side and girls on the other, neither side willing to touch each other. Radius was definitely a lost cause.i think i would have been super pissed if i had had to pay cover to get into this place, but seeing as it was free and the bartenders and people watching were entertaining, i guess it deserves 2 stars. i do reserve the right to bitch slap some sense into anyone who wants to go here though.
3	This place isn't too bad if you just want to come dance and have fun. The bartenders are awesome and sometimes throw in free shots. I've never had to pay cover because a friend knows the owner so we usually get in without a hitch.I suggest coming here on a Friday because it's less packed and the music at Radius is pretty good. Saturday is usually a giant sausage fest full of dudes who, no matter how many times you tell them, don't seem to get that I don't want them to rub their half-boners against my ass. The drinks are reasonable for Scottsdale and sometimes they pour them stronger. I wouldn't say this is the best place to go but it's definitely not the worst.
1	Yawn.  We arrived early, and the music was decent.  Then, the DJ started flipping the song every 30 seconds.  Both times I have visited they did this!  So irritating.  Will never go back unless forced.
4	I'm glad I ignore reviews and try to experience things for myself.  I had a blast at this place.  Granted, I am from CA, so my expectations coming into Scottsdale were low.When we first arrived, I was shocked to see all the dudes and the lack of women.  Fortunately, my buddy that had been there many times, told me not to freak out and wait, "it gets better".  Damn was he right.  By 1030, the Axis side was full of chicks, many of them looking good in their mini's and heels!  The Radius side (hip hop side?), was kind of dead, so we decided to stick to the house and techno side of the club (Axis?)Bottleservice was definitely worth it, we easily put down 4 bottles of vodka and had two dimes mixing the drinks for us.  If you are from out of town, especially the bigger cities (LA, Vegas, etc.), this place will not compare, but as long as you have you buddies and a 'F It' approach to it, you are going to have a good time.The drinks were good and the bartenders were all hot, especially the two blonds on the Axis side.. cute faces, smoking bodies and generous with their alcohol.The cover should definitely be dropped or lowered, since you'll need to get drunk inside to ensure a good time.
1	I'm surprised I haven't written about this place a lot sooner, considering how bitter I am about it.My boyfriend got me VIP tickets to see Kaskade, who is my absolute favorite progressive house producer.I was absolutely excited.Ok, So VIP tickets, yes...why? i have absolutely no clue why once we were there for 20 minutes in a LOOOONG, never ending line...VIP tickets were supposed to guarantee you to not wait in a line.well we had to wait longer than the ones without tickets.The event was put together extremely poorly.The building reached maximum capacity plus more.I did not enjoy my night, the whole time walking around, trying not to spill my drink on myself or others.My Kaskade experience was horrible and I will never ever come back to this stupid night club again, no matter who's there.AXIS CAN SUCK IT!
3	Went about 2 (or 3) weekends ago on a Friday night with some out-of-town friends. It was nice (our party sat in the all-white couch/table area), but over-priced. Course, I was quite intoxicated by the time we arrived at Axis, soooo, I don't know how much credibility this review actually has...LOL. Okay, of what I DO remember of this night, the place was busy, had strong drinks, pretty people to look at/dance with, and good music.
3	If you like going out and meeting p90x douche bags and fake tan airheads...this is your place.R\_
4	My friend and I came here randomly. We had a wonderful time given we had no specific plans. It was one of those spur of the moment thing. An interesting crowd yes and there was a $10 cover charge, even to good looking people! lol. There weren't too many 9s or 10s but we did find our diamonds in the rough! Well worth it. Great DJ and the fog machine was mad fun. The drinks are reasonably priced and free poured.
3	Came back here a week ago on a Friday night and I could almost hear crickets! I figured since it was the last weekend of spring break that it would be packed but I guess I hit the wrong club that night.. The crowd was very sparse and the music was sub par.. Drinks were strong and much needed since I was so bored! I should've known it was an off night upon entering because the Axis half of the club wasn't open.. My friend and I ended up leaving around midnight and walked by Myst to check it out before we went there the next night.. Turns out it's hip hop night on Fridays at Myst and it was packed like crazy! This had me excited for my next night of partying but it turns out Saturdays aren't as crazy so I was left disappointed again :/ So for all those who are wondering where to go and when.. Friday nights at Myst and Saturday nights at Axis Radius.. and if you're not a hip hop fan and prefer Top 40's crap then go to Myst or A|R on Saturday..
1	$11 bucks! For mixed drinks! 8 bucks for a shot of Cuervo *%@#!! I didn't have to pay to get in tho (usually $10), so I guess it evened out that night. We had vip seating (upstairs) this night and after the first bottle of Goose was finished they said a second bottle was $250!! I wasn't paying for any of it tho.:) This club is nothing special. One side of the club has some good energy to it, but packed.  The female employees are very attractive (the go go's in particular) and some of the women who patronage are attractive as well.  Seems like this place is starting to go down hill and lose money that is possibly the reason for price hikes. One thing that bothers me about this place is the tripping hazards there is a step off around the tables on a black floor, plus I was already getting my stumble on, (nearly fell) the stairs are a little tough on me as this point as well.  It does have a little pizza nook attachment to it outside, which taste great after a night of empty stomach drinking, and its a good way to start sobering up. But you could just go to a club that serves food as well. This place is pretty much your token club, before the decline in atmosphere and the hike in prices I would have given this places 3 stars which is average overall but, now I wouldn't waste my money going.I think the writing is on the wall for this place's chances of staying open for another couple years, without some type of revamp.
3	when it comes to clubs they all are pretty much the same in my opinion.. you know the crowd, high drink prices etc... axis is alright in my book though due to the music and if you have VIP  so you are able to chill and actually be comfortable when you choose to be, you should have a good time. It does get very crowded, but they do have a lot of space...its like two clubs in one, plus the whole outdoor action as well. A-OK with me.
1	Horrible place and management was piss poor. Glad it's closed down. EEG stay out of scottsdale!!
2	Seriously? I don't get why the clubs out here act the way they do. We waited in line for a few minutes and one of the workers had the audacity to tell us he can make us wait or let us in if we took care of him. Really? The drinks were super weak as well, big let down. Get over yourself Axis, this ain't South Beach
3	Crowded with lots of youngins, bartender seemed a but rude and full of himself, oh and there's a fog machine on the dance floor. It's very "club-y" not to say it isn't fun, I did have a good time here but it wouldn't be number 1 on my list.
2	Well, eh, I'm not a fan of clubs, I prefer to get intoxicated at bars where there isn't a line or VIP scene. This club in particular, is cool...if you're an 18-21 year old girl that loves attention from douche bags that have more product in their hair than you probably do. On the plus, its a large club and the only time you will find me there is for Ghost Ball - F-ing fantastic party for Halloween and everyone should experience it.
5	I liked this place a lot. It's very club-y so don't go if you're not the dancing type.  I don't dance unless I'm super comfortable, and I was here. I hear lots of ppl complaining about the airheads with fake tans, but that's just because you are prob not that attractive. I liked the fact that the crowd was young and attractive, which is not always the case in Chicago clubs.  I wish we had a club like this in Chicago.
1	This club could be good but they miss the mark in customer service. My roommate used his debit card to buy drinks but it wasn't explained that $100 would be held for 3 days to preauthorize the tab. A quick heads up would have been nice.. Oh & "Teach me how to Dougie" on repeat doesn't help. The staff is rude. Drinks are expensive think Vegas prices but the outside bartender has a heavy pour. The club has a cool patio but nothing worthy of $10 cover or $20 if balconies are your thing. The best part about this bar is the pizza place right outside that sells $3 slices the perfect night cap.
2	Too packed with college kids and too much of a sweat box. I would rather spend my time somewhere else and save up to hit the clubs in Vegas. This was a disappointment and I was expecting more from Scottsdale. Only good thing was a bartender who kept giving me free drinks!
3	Axis Radius -- !I must admit this is one of the few clubs around town that stood the test of time. Since the market crashed many places not just night clubs have gone under.  I remember this place from the time I moved to PHX till now. Kudos! I enjoy the 2 room split and the different types of music. That's always a plus for me. The layout itself is pretty chill and there seems to be a lot of room for dancing so that's a plus in my books.Overall, Axis is a nightclub I can recommend attending to anyone that enjoys a night out for fun and drinks.
4	People need to stop hating on this place. This place is a blast. Its fun to dance here and its big with multiple levels. If your not having fun, then you probably just need to get hammered. Everyone else is. LOL
1	This was one awkward experience I wish I could forget. Everything about Axis-Radius is awkward. The space is awkward, the people are awkward, the dancing is awkward, even the DJ was awkwardly mixing the music. Nothing about A-R could get me in the mood to get my dance on, not even a few drinks. I tried in the room with house music until unusually strong fog machines came blasting down on my body from above. Was I being abducted by aliens?! Why can't I see anything around me?? What's going on? That was my cue to leave. I was excited to check out the Scottsdale nightlife but I must have come to the wrong place.
3	Went to AR last night after a Cinco de Mayo/Mayweather-Cotto Fight Party.  Security is RUDE!  It is NEVER that serious.  Ugh!  1 star OFF for that!Great music (they even played dancehall reggae - yes)!  I was shocked to see that Phoenix has a bit of club flavor that is not "hood"!   All in all we had a good time, but then again I was with a good group of people in the VIP.  I'm not into the "million & 1" rave type of club setup that seems to be all the rage in Phoenix metro, so the VIP (with less people) was a better fit for me.
1	This is the first club in the desert that I've been to. Unfortunately, it was not a good experience. I was cool that the club had two dancefloors, one side playing hip hop and the other playing electronic music. The outdoor patio was spacious and had a place to get more drinks. Good thing was drinks were free. Just tip the bartender generously and you can get drinks free all night. People on the upper level were making it rain. That's a first, ever. The crowd was very diverse. Now to the music. I would say the hip hop side was poppin. That side was always packed and constantly played good music. I listen to a lot of electronic music, but had no idea what was being played that night. All night it was just continuous thumps at the same tempo. The songs lacked extra purcussions of builds or climaxes to hype up the crowd. At least play something mainstream like atb, armin, darude, David Guetta, skrillex, avicii. Artists like that.
2	Sometimes they have decent djs. Otherwise it's typical Scottsdale superficialness.
3	A couple of weeks ago I was here for Ignite Phoenix After Hours. I am way too old for the club scene, but I could handle it as a venue for this specific event. It's a nice set up for a club, two-stories and seemed pretty spacious. I had a great time!
4	The bar is located in a strip of Phoenix where you can jump from bar to bar. I really liked the atmosphere here. The club from outside is very appealing with go-go dancers elevated on stages so that you can see them from the street. Also there were balconies for those in bottle service on the second floor to use. The set up of the bar is very open and airy, almost all the walls were windows and there there a nice outside patio in between the two dance floors/rooms. One room was a much more hyped up club feeling with dimly lit lights, lasers, confetti, and techno music. The other room was a hip-hop/rap themed room with a little more lighting and more relaxed feel. Best of all CHEAP DRINKS! At least compared to California pricing. I was visiting my college roommate in Phoenix and this spot was definitely a highlight of my trip!
4	Went to see adventure club perform at this night club and it was insane!! I like that there are multiple areas to get drinks. The space is small and on that specific night, it was super packed. I don't know if I would go here if it was a local dj spinning but I do keep an eye out for their special events. Tickets were only 15 a person. My recommendation for the company is to have a seperate line for folks who purchase tickets ahead of time.
4	I love it here! 2 different stages with 2 different DJ' s! One side plays Hip Hop and the other plays Techno/House music! So whether you feel like fist pumping or want to get down and grind, you can! There are two bars as well and they bartender females are HOT HOT HOT! They also have go go dancers dancing in the middle so a little more eye candy to enjoy while you are dancing you night away. This is one of my favorite clubs to come hang out at whenever I visit Scottsdale!
1	This is by far the best club in Old Town Scottsdale, babes everywhere who are totally willing to rub up on your junk while the DJs spin the dopest shiz around! I love how I can get crunk with some Hip-Hop on one side of the club then find Molly and House out on the other.
1	-5 stars. The club is not that great, different mix of crowds, a house music side and hip hop side. The music sucked. Same with bottle service, it was not good bottle service.
2	I had high hopes for this place based off of the website, and some of the previous reviews. Unfortunately, overall, I wouldn't recommend it. But this is based off of my first, and only visit. Pros: Two clubs in one. One side is techno, and one is Hip Hop. It's really open. There is a nice patio, with plenty of seating. No cover.Cons: No one was really there on a Saturday night at 11pm. I know it's a little early, but it was pretty much empty. The bartender (while she was dressed HOT HOT HOT as a previous reviewer said) made my drink without the alcohol. I don't know that this was done on purpose, but that's annoying. The hip hop side played only really dated hip hop. We had one drink, and left.
4	I love the double zero cocktail wait staff and shadow dancers......Everytime I visit this is a must go to for fist pumping.  I feel like a cabbage patch kid in a barbie girl world but other then that Life is good when I get my drunk on!    Pretty much can do what ya want when you throw them franklins at the bouncer!  (been there done that)  Lot of midnight memories made here.  Here is my vid before I rocked it out in dis club (Mary S. Circa 2010) Geez I do have a strong liver http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjkE53ympQwhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1MyplHQ1MBU
1	HORRIBLE management. I spent $600.00 (VIP) the night before and I came back to look through lost and found for my keys. He stood there cursing at me and talking ish to people around so I could hear. Pretty DOUCHETASTIC.Be aware if a featured DJ is performing. Cover increases progressively (I think up to $40.00 at one point?)EDM side is awesome and crowded when featured DJs play-Hip Hop side is consistenly duller.tl;dr GO SOMEWHERE ELSE. You will have much more fun for much less money.
2	Meaty. Markety. Should be ladies night everynight--there were some incredibly tireless, strong and fun women who seemed to love their music--knew all the lyrics. They made  my night! Save the adorable security staff, men didn't really dance, except for a few who didn't know how to put down their drink--it's a DANCE CLUB. Are those boys there for themselves? Priority for me: first is the dance. Enjoying atmosphere/scenery is second--and scouting is a far third. Go to Axis Radius to be, have and behold some grope and ogle. Reminds me of Borderline, in Chicago--closed now, i think. They serve as the after bar party--but that means to me, they should be open til 4am--if it were not for Scottsdale law, eh?
