1	Federico's is occupying the old El Polo Loco in the Sam's Club area between Ray and Chandler on the Chandler side of I-10.The food is bland, an expensive for what you get. They even charge an additional $0.50 for self-serve chips.I was going to give them a second chance, using a Val-Pak coupon on my iPhone's Passbook App, but they refused to honor the offer as it wasn't printed out. Telling me the coupon states it must be printed, when in fact it didn't state that.For less money, and better food, head east on Chandler to Espos, north on I-10 to Original Burrito Company, or west on Chandler to Fillibertos.
4	I'm excited to have a Mexican food place right next to my house. My husband and I enjoyed the carne asada double plate and shared a drink it was a good price I think it's a even better price than Filibertos. I really didn't like the beans that came with the meal rice was yummy. Very clean and fast service.
2	This place seems to be home to bland mexican food that isn't that well prepared.  I have gone through the drive through and it took about 15 -20 minutes to get a cold Chile Reno Burrito with crunchy chiles.  We I ate in the service was fast, but my enchiladas and the sauce really had no flavor.  They need to work on the food prep and up the spice level to get anywhere close to the other options around here.
5	Had a great time at this place! Great food and great proportions. Super nachos couldnt get any more super! Love their new hot sauce and man is it spicy!
5	Best fish tacos i have ever had!
4	SOLID taco shop. The machaca and pollo asado do not disappoint! My husband and I enjoy the convenient location plus a drive through. The wait can be a little long but they literally make the food fresh which is a must!
3	Did my usual lunch routine (get in my car and drive around until something looks interesting) and ended up here today.  Place was empty so I got to order right away.  The guy behind the counter was friendly so I asked him what was good.  He recommended the Carne Asada fries (which sounded BOMB.com but I wasn't in the mood for fries at the time), their roasted chicken, chile rellenos and chicken enchiladas and he also told me about the special of the day which was three rolled tacos for like .99 cents or something.  I decided to go with the enchiladas with a side of rice and beans to go.The enchiladas were good, chicken was nice and tender, sauce was flavorful and they were a nice size.  Not gigantic like I was about to go on a fast for weeks but not tiny like they were trying to pass off some taquitos with sauce either.  Just two nicely sized enchiladas.  I wasn't very impressed with the rice and beans though.  The beans were too thick for my taste and didn't have a lot of flavor and the rice I didn't feel had much flavor either.  I'll definitely be back thanks to the friendly service and yummy main dish but I won't get a combo next time.
3	I admit it.  I am a big fan of Plain Ole Mexican Food like you MIGHT get at your friends mom's house if you were lucky enough to be invited!My favorite part of their salsa bar is the thin strips of FRESH jalapeno with a little bit of onions and seasoning.  Tried it multiple times, NEVER disappointed - always perfect!They also have fresh made chips you self-serve for fifty-cents, NICE touch!Clean. Cooked to Order. Kids like it.  I like it. What's NOT to like?
4	As late night, greasy, inexpensive Mexican food goes, this place is my favorite. A side (a HUGE) side of chips is only .50 cents. The tortas have generous slices of avocado, where most places really skimp in that area. The fish is golden brown: not grey. The pulled beef is cooked with onions and peppers, which is fantastic. Love love. Four stars because it's only open until ten on week nights. And they only have one cook if you go there late, so the wait is a little obnoxious. But taste makes up for it.Call in before hand and they'll have it ready to go! The people are so nice too.
5	We love this place! Their red chicken is the best! Super friendly and delicious food every time.  Their portions are large and their prices are great!
