5	A great chip shop that can be found in the Main Street in Portobello. Run by Italian husband and wife team serving freshly prepared pizzas, jacket potatoes, I even spotted a battered ribeye steak in the hot display cabinet as well as the famous fish and chips that are cooked to order, for me that is a really good sign of a well run chip shop where the food is fresh and not sitting in a hot box for ages. Crispy batter and cooked just right. I did notice that a plastic sheet A5 size was placed on top of the fish to stop it from sticking to the paper what a great idea, this shop is a must for anyone passing by
5	I wish I could give a higher star but I can't . Ok folks here it goes this is a bold claim but I stand by it 100%. Ahem......This is the best Fish and chips shop in the city and the best I have ever had. I don't even know where to start. Shop is ran by a very nice Italian Gentleman who is always in a good mood, recognizes me every time I go in , and always makes my food right on the spot. The fish is amazingly fresh and almost no bones in it. The batter has flavor not like some crappy Wetherspoons fish and chips but actual flavor. It comes out piping hot with the fresh chips. It get wrapped up in the paper and given to you . Oh its sooooo good and you know its going to be greasy goodness when the paper gets soaked through a little bit. That people , is how real fish and chips is, wrapped in newspaper , hot, greasy , and flavorful. Theres an assortment of other food you can get to ( I am to try a calzone next) that I am sure is just as good. Rafael ( the italian gentleman and owner ) will sometimes give you free chips while you wait. And trust me you have to wait sometimes because this place will get busy with all its regulars. But its worth it! With all that said I dare someone nay I Challenge someone  to find a better fish and chip shop then this one because I don't think thats going to happen. Keep up the good work Rafael because as long as I have air in these lungs I will be a regular at your shop!
5	This is the worst thing that has ever happened to me. The Golden Bite has ruined fish and chips for me forever. Because I will never - EVER - find a fish supper superior, or perhaps even equal, to the one I had this weekend from the Golden Bite.I travelled to Portobello with Moray L on the express mission of trying the legendary Bite Of Gold after reading Justin G's review, and we were the first ones in when the doors opened at 16:45. The man who greeted us over the counter could not have been happier if he had been a dog in a field full of squirrels. It doesn't seem an exaggeration to say that I suspect frying fish has been his lifelong passion.Because we were so early, we got the first haddock to go into the fryer - clean, white haddock of gobsmacking, Jonah-swallowing proportions which the chap wobbled at us playfully before setting about the battering and frying.At this point - minutes after the doors opened - the shop filled. I mean it properly filled. I know not how many of these were pilgrims like us, and how many were locals, but it's clear that the reputation of The Golden Bite's fish suppers is widely renowned. I was reaching five stars simply from the cleanliness, the rich frying smell, and the chap's jollity before I'd even put anything in my mouth, and when a small girl entered and he pulled down a teddy bear to wave at her, I was smitten with the place entirely. But the food. The food. The proof of the poisson is in the eating.Oh. My. Wrapped lovingly in paper and carried down reverently to the seafront for consumption, these piscine Midas fillets were battered to crispy perfection, but still with the softer underside that makes a fish supper truly sensational. The chips - proper chip shop chips - were glorious and plentiful, but not so numerous as to prevent one from finishing the lustrous, luscious fishywishy that so enchanted both me and Moray. I need to go back. No, you don't understand. I NEED to go back. Now. And I don't think I will ever love a fish supper in quite the same way that I love the Golden Bite's.
5	Being a life-long chippy fan, and having read some of the complimentary things on here about The Golden Bite, I made it my duty to embark on a pilgrimage. After all, a good chippy is surprisingly hard to come by.As we entered, my girlfriend and I were greeted by the chip guru with the sort of warm welcome that usually only a loving dog can offer. This already felt like a homecoming. As we became acquainted over the fryer he passed me three of his most perfect chips to sample while our fish bubbled away. Our anticipation grew as he assured us that this fish was going to be really nice and worth the wait! Taking in the surroundings, top marks for cleanliness. And a fridge stocked with my favourite San Pellegrino lemonade is a big plus.When we got our hands on the goods we eagerly headed down to the promenade where we plonked ourselves on a picnic bench to find out if it was indeed worth the wait. Well let me tell you I've had a few chippies in my time, some might even consider me a chippy snob, but this is up there with the best that I've had. The chips are perfect - nicely rectangular and full of flavour. And the fish is beautiful, oily and fresh in a tasty batter. And it would seem that even the local wasps have caught word of this as they did their damnedest to impose themselves on our feast. When we were finally forced to panic evacuate, I spilt the remains of my meal and the onlooking seagull scavengers dive-bombed them before strutting around the table heckling! They couldn't spoil our day though. It's ofishal, I'd just sampled the best chippy in Edinburgh, and I've since made it my calling to spread the word. Chippy gold.
