5	In Anthem we have a choice of 2 Starbuck's!  One has a drive thru and one doesn't.  This one doesn't and even though it isn't as convenient it is very worth it to get out of your car and go inside and get your coffee.  All of the barista's are AWESOME and make it a point to get to know everyone's name and order.  I am always greeting with a smile and my order is ALWAYS made jus the way I like it!  I have only GREAT things to say about this Starbucks!
4	Wow, I found a Starbucks that hasn't been reviewed yet, and I bet that loads of Yelp-er peeps have been here.  Coffee at Starbucks is Coffee at Starbucks; the flavor doesn't change much...This Starbucks location gets a "fan" rating not because of the coffee, but the fantabulous service! This Starbucks is a well oiled machine when you need a cup of Joe and your in a rush.In the many times I've ordered here, it seems they have a good system in place to deal with the heavy traffic that happens sporadically throughout the day.  Don't be deceived by the long lines at this location.  The baristas that run this Starbucks know how to handle the fluctuations in traffic.On top of the speedy service, the baristas here are also very friendly and pleasant. They're nice without being too sugary, if you know what I mean.I would not recommend going here if you plan on staying a while to study. Finding an empty table is very hit and miss and there's just a lot of traffic. It can get distracting.Overall, a great experience. Props to this Starbucks for knowing how to serve coffee efficiently with friendly faces!
5	Great friendly service very quick. Way batter than the one on Anthem way!
5	I like this Starbucks the best in Anthem. The Batista's are quick with good quality. And this Starbucks generally has the nicest workers ! My friend and i come here quite often and haven't been disappointed yet !
5	Everybody is helpful and friendly.  Great atmosphere.
5	Great service
5	Great service and they expedite!
3	I love Starbucks and have high expectations for my experience.  The register partner was great, I give him a 5.  He was friendly and nice even though a bunch of people just walked in.  The Redhead that seemed to be in charge was a little tense.  She told the barista 5 times that the Java Chip Frappuccino gets drizzle.  She seemed a little irritated with her for forgetting.  The barista asked if the customer wanted the drizzle and they were adamant that they did.  She put the drizzle on the drink.  The redhead continued to tell her that the drinks with chips get drizzle.  I tried to be nice to the redhead and asked about her store.  She was irritated and bitchy.  I know it is frustrating to train people  when your store is a little busy but you are in the people business serving coffee.  Try to remember that, mean redhead lady.  Starbucks may need to remind her of the core purpose, "To create an uplifting experience that enriches people's daily lives".  Enter at your own risk!
1	Worst Starbucks experience of my life.  Stuck up staff and my iced vanilla latte was still hot, in the plastic cup! We travel a lot from Flagstaff to Tucson and Anthem is our go to place for a food stop in between, but we stay away from this Starbucks.
1	I found the experience today less than desirable as Kyle who was making my drink with his long hair hanging down over his eye's.  As he was making the drink shaking his hair and who knows what was falling into my drink. You would think management would have him wear a hair net. I will no longer order drinks if Kyle is working with his hair dangling over my drink.
