4	We've bought two cars here (formerly Biddulph mazda) and we keep coming back because we have the best service advisor. Zenus is awesome!!! He is always friendly and up front with you about what's happening with you car. He's just a super nice guy and all the guys in the service office are. Bonus: free wifi and popcorn in the waiting area and today they has fresh donuts too.Downside: they wash the car but don't vacuum it.
5	My son has been serving our country across seas for the last 3 years, right out of high school. He hasn't been able to purchase a car of his own. He finally got stateside and came home to visit prior to going to his new duty station in Montana. He decided to buy a 4x4 truck while visiting. We went to every dealership between 15th ave and Bell to 100th ave and Bell. No one would help him get a used truck for $17k or less. Our last stop was the cardinaleway.. They had a truck used in excellent condition but the sticker price was a little high. As soon as we told them he was military they didn't hesitate and got him the truck out the door for the $17k. I was so impressed with the way they treated my son I came back in the following day to see if they could help me. My husband lost his job in 2010 and at the same time I became disabled for 3 years. Our credit suffered and no dealership would even look at us. Cardinaleway treated me with the utmost respect and I walked out with a smart car. Thank you so much Richard for all your help and the respect you showed my son and me.
1	I   was given the bate and switch routine that sleazy car dealers are known for  and I would never recommend CardinaleWay Mazda Peoria Az to anyone
1	Although the business is clean and the employees are friendly, the service and what is expected is well below acceptable. This being my first vehicle purchase, the salesman Eddie, not only rushed me through the process, but took advantage if just that. His attempt to 'hide' defects in vehicles was blatant though he ended up succeeding. Also all the vehicles which were shown to me were either not lot ready or Junkers to say the least. After finding the vehicle I liked, shortly after taking it home did I realize not only was it damaged underneath and under the dash, but was unsafe. Their lack if accountability left me with no choice but to take my new vehicle in for repairs at a trusted shop. I would not recommend this joke of a show and if I could leave zero stars, I would do just that. And I don't complain about services though this needed to be voiced.
1	Never have I ever wrote a review for place, but I just had to with this particular place. Long story short I would not recommend ever buying a car from this place and these people, terrible service. Terrible everything! No need to say anymore.
1	Giving this place 1 star since I have to ! As a first time car-buyer, I wasn't too sure of what to expect from most dealerships. I really liked Mazda 3 and was pretty excited to buy it. Everything went well until I got to the dealership. A man named Luke was who I was corresponding with. He seemed like he could have as well stayed back home instead of being at the dealership, all lazy and looking like he couldn't care less. It's not like they had many customers that day. He showed me the car and we went on a test drive and I really liked it. But when it came down to talking about the price, he got his manager who was really rude and said things like "You should go for a cheaper car, Mazda is not for you" and stuff. All this for just $500 below the asking price! I would have paid the extra $500 if he hadn't said mean things and been so nonchalant. Ridiculous attitude for a car sales person, given they earn a living by being nice to customers. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone, not just because he was rude, but because of their inefficiency and oh-so-classy attitude.
2	Typical rude salesmen working here.  Came in with my boyfriend looking to buy a car immediately since my car died and i was driving a rental.  Was supposed to meet with Luke who I had been corresponding with but he took a different appointment so we met with another salesman who was rude and right off the bat and seemed so disinterested in helping us find a car. Felt so uncomfortable with him from the beginning.  Work on your customer service skills please you just lost customers and money.
