1	I wanted to ensure my hair was done right, so I bit the bullet and paid the high prices at Rolf's.  The last time I had my hair colored, I did NOT love it, but it was just OK.  This time, I've now spent a total of 6 hrs for the initial color and then the color correction.  My hair is bright orange.  I am absolutely mortified.  I was so upset and knew there was nothing more than could be done without my hair falling out of my head from all the chemicals, so I just said it was fine, paid the $300 bill, and left.  My friends said I shouldn't have paid 20 cents for what I got.  I can assure you I will never make this mistake again, will NEVER return to Rolf's, and I sure hope you don't either.
5	Amy did a great job with my haircut and style.  She is one of the master/senior stylists at Rolf's and it shows.  I have long, thin hair and she knew exactly what to do to give it more volume, and had some helpful tips on how to style it on my own.  I walked out of the salon feeling and looking like a million bucks ; ).  She is very personable and friendly too.  Highly recommend!
4	If I was just rating my stylist, Kelly Reid, I'd give five stars.  She is fantastic at what she does, and it's always a pleasure to sit in her chair.  She does beautiful work (I would know; I get nothing but compliments on my hair).  That said, I find the salon's style itself not to my tastes.  It's a bit lacking in personality, or maybe just trying too hard to appeal to ladies that lunch.  That said, the front desk staff is very friendly. The product lines are top notch.  I have no complaints about how the salon is run.Overall, well worth the money for the level of service.
4	Update:  I am very happy to report that this location was recently renovated and the new interior is a huge improvement.  It no longer looks like it was designed by one of the Real Housewives of Wherever (mishmash faux Tuscan, etc).  The space now feels fresh and energetic.  I'm still waiting to see if anything will come of the "coffee" wall--a geometric arrangement of bright K-cups.  I was told that the plan was for the salon to use that space for their coffee service, but so far, it's just a colorful wall, and when I visited yesterday with my daughter, I was brought a cup of coffee from the back of the salon.  Next time, I should remember to stop at Starbucks first.About this visit:  stylist Katie does an outstanding job managing the ten tons of hair on my daughter's head.  (seriously; it's very long and very heavy)  I have watched Katie evolve from apprentice to stylist, and I'm very impressed with her work.  In fact, if I ever couldn't get an appointment with Kelly, I'd ask for Katie.  That's how much I trust her!  It's a bit of a bummer to have to pay $45 for my ten year-old's haircut, especially since she doesn't even get it blown dry.  Still, it takes a very skilled stylist to handle her hair properly, and this is definitely a case of getting what you pay for.  Furthermore, I feel it's my duty as her parent to teach my daughter to hold businesses to a high standard.  No one should accept a mediocre product, regardless of the price.  One more thing: I cannot recall the name of Kelly's current apprentice, but that young lady recently gave me the BEST shampoo I've ever had.  The scalp massage was greatly appreciated!
4	Made an appt with Kelly based on another reviewer and she was fantastic. I moved to the area a year ago and this was my third attempt to find a stylist. I didn't think I was overly particular but I guess so...she clearly is very experienced, and completely understood the look I was going for and how I wanted to grow my hair.  I also really liked that she was quick and confident in what she was doing. Will definitely return to see her again.  I also got a brow wax, it wasn't bad but not fabulous either.  My first one sitting instead of lying down, which I didn't care for and while she neatened things up she didn't thin things out much and I already feel as if I want to start plucking myself. My only other complaint would be the shampoo which was also unmemorable. I really love having my hair washed and scalp massaged but there wasn't really any of that but not a big deal. I got what I really wanted which was a fabulous cut and I will definitely go back to Kelly.
5	I've gone to the same stylist for 5 years and love it! This place is worth the high prices because the workers get to know you and spend time to do what you want. I've also gone to other stylists for prom hair and other services, they were pretty good. However I still prefer my regular stylist because she isn't stuck up like another stylist I had!
