5	The best Southern fried fish, shrimp and oysters in Las Vegas!...period  Not what my doctor ordered but my taste buds and belly are not complaining. The fried filet of sole was really good it was perfectly seasoned tender and flaky. Same with the shrimp, crispy on the outside juicy on the inside and not dry like the ones most chain restaurants serve. The fried oysters were a little too salty for my taste but nothing a little lemon couldn't fix. Added some homemade potato salad and some coleslaw and had me one hell of a southern meal.  Service was great, we were greeted as soon as we walked in, we were handed the menus and the guy (owner?) patiently explained what they were offering and also made some suggestions, he treated us like he knew us from before and made us feel very comfortable. I think that's what people mean by southern hospitality and that's exactly what we experienced.  I usually like my fish with beer but there's no alcohol available, luckily for me they had the second best thing....fresh squeezed lemonade, what else can you ask for? (beer) The lemonade hit the spot specially during these three digit days.  I'm pretty sure I'll be back for more of this awesome fish, I'll probably get it to go and stop at a convenience store for a six pack, go home and watch a game or novela. It's so easy to get hooked on good fish specially if the fish is..... Delish!#great food#great service#great value#nowgoandtryit!
5	For those of us LA folks living here in vegas know the best fish joint in Inglewood Ca was a place called King Fish. People lined up on a friday night to take home delicious fish dinners from this well known LA staple for years in the early 80's and late 90's. Well we welcome the rebirth of King Fish under a different name but same ole recipe via the popular establishments son. The fish is seasoned perfectly and is accompanied by the traditional sides of fries, cole slaw and potato salad. My personal favorite is the catfish and oysters, Don't forget to order a fresh homemade lemonade to wash everything down. I highly recommend this establishment to all fish lovers.
5	My step-dad and I used to frequent King Fish in Inglewood, CA - one of the best fish places around. When I found out that this was the son of the owner of King Fish, I was so there. They have a decent selection of fish and a terrific lunch special. Derick - the owner - works onsite and is super friendly. The fish is just as I remember - right amount of seasoning - yum! The homemade lemonade is really great and lends to a good ole fashioned atmosphere. Well worth trying.
3	Great fish but stay away from the potato salad and slaw you'll be disappointed. The banana pudding needs to be removed from the menu. I will only order sole.
5	The best fried seafood in Vegas! The hush puppies and the Delish sauce are a must to order!
5	I finally have a place to satisfy my fried oyster cravings ! The homemade dipping sauce is the perfect pairing to the oysters. I have only had take out from fish delish, but every time has been great. This is a family run business and the pride in ownership shows.
5	So I was craving oysters and my husband wanted fish. Found this place on yelp and we are more than satisfied. Fish delish is awesome compared to other places that claim to be the best. I just wish they had some fried green tomatoes and/or crab cakes. we will be back for sure!!!
3	I order the combo plate 3 pieces of fish and 2 shrimp! The fish is not fresh but frozen fish and the shrimp were over cook! The fries, slaw and hush puppies was pretty good! The customer service was great ! It's definitely a family run business! Oh yeah the lemonade is Dammm good
2	I went on Friday night, 1/17/14 and was excited to try the food here based off the reviews.  I ordered the 15 p/c oyster and fries with a Lemonade.  First the good, the lemonade was good as long as you like it sweet and not as bitter.  As to the food, it was cold and more than once I heard them using the microwave to warm things up.  Not sure what you need a microwave to warm up french fries and fried oysters.  The fries were clearly microwaved as they were limp and tasteless.  I would recommend you stay away.  I will not be coming back.
1	Saw a buddy check in here and decided to give it a shot!Went with the Combo A ($11.75): 2 Fish (Catfish), 7 Oysters and Two Sides. The oysters were a bit salty/briny (not fresh), and the catfish didn't impress. Everything looked and tasted like they use the same batter and seasoning...just ok overall.  I wouldn't say it was horrible...but it wasn't good either.  I did enjoy the hushpuppies though...The food took surprisingly long to get to our table...which is kind of a good thing.  I'd rather it be cooked/fried up fresh, but we were the only ones in here...doesn't take that long to fry up food.  Now for the bad...Peach Cobbler ($1.99). This was not good...it was not even hot. I am pretty sure this was cooked the day before, left in the fridge, and put in the microwave...and STILL wasn't heated up thoroughly. Eva ended up GETTING SICK RIGHT AT THE TABLE!  Not sure if it was due to the green beans (I didn't eat those) or the cobbler not working with her.IF YOU CAN"T KEEP IT FRESH OR DO IT RIGHT, KEEP IT OFF THE MENU!!!I read another review where they stated their fries were microwaved...I would have turned it away and asked for a refund at that point.  At least it was only the dessert and green beans that were microwaved for us.Good luck...and listen up for your microwaved food to beep.
4	It sucks to see a little family run place get bad reviews. I have been on the receiving end of bad reviews for my businesses written by people with bad motives (free stuff, paid to fix review, etc), but I thought the food I had there was great. I ordered the snapper dinner and a piece of sweet potato pie. The snapper was fresh and fried crunchy and perfect. The collard greens and potato salad were also very good. The ham that was in the collard greens was smoky and it had a great garlic and spice flavor that I enjoyed. The potato salad was a little runnier that I prefer but it had good flavor. Even the soft wheat bread included with the dinner made a great little fish sandwich. The homemade tartar sauce was even great with just the right amount of relish and lemon.The best part though was the sweet potato pie. It was awesome. Perfect flaky crust and nice and sweet and spiced potato pie. The only thing that could have been better would have been some nice thick whipped cream. I actually like pie cold and so it was great from my perspective. When I was in south Texas a few years back, a friend took me to a fish place like this that was supposed to be awesome. It really wasn't bad, but fish delish has better sides and desserts.I will definitely go back when I have a craving for fried fish!
4	The cod fish sandwich was excellent. It comes on two regular pieces of bread which we were initially concerned about, but it worked out perfectly. Tried and liked the hushpuppies. And the lemonade was really tasty. We are adding this one to our go to lunch place. Can't wait to try the other items on the menu!
5	Found this cause mr j's used to be there and I miss them Fish Delish was just a good if not better I'm so happy to have found them I had shrimp and French fry lunch amazing and welcoming service
4	I drive past this place everyday on the way to work.  Deciding to stop was an excellent decision. I ordered the shrimp lunch special and added a piece of fish.  If you aren't a fan of catfish you MUST order the cod.  It was perfect! The lemonade was tasty too.
5	We ordered sole, shrimp,  mac n cheese and fries. Ooo home made lemonade!  Everything was hot and fresh!  Really nice mom and pop shop... ran by a Dad and Son.  So sweet!  The food reminds me of the Louisiana style you buy we fry in California.
4	I stubble across Fish Delish Friday, May 30, 2014. It is out way in a shopping plaza on the SW corner of Rainbow and West Cliff. Even inside the plaza the location is still out of the way.  It is not fancy has no ambiance but the fish dinner I had was outstanding. The person taking orders was polite and even gave me a discount because they were out of the fish I wanted. I had the Cod, with mac & cheese and collared greens. Fried to order and very tasty. I paid $8.00 and some change probably closer to $10.00 normally. Quite a bit of fish but the side were a small but a good value for the price. They do have a sitting area if you want to eat there. I will be back. I asked and they have been open since July 2013. I hope they make it. Check them out!
5	love this place, didn't like fried oysters until, i came to this place. the catfish is almost as good as mario's.
3	Folks. This place is CLOSED. It's now a Mediterranean place. I don't know why Yelp hasn't updated its status in two months.
