5	Dr. Hazen and all staff are great! everyone is friendly and helpful! I reccomened Dr. Hazen to everyone!
5	Just had a crown made for a fractured molar.   Also had my first appointment with them for a cleaning last week.    Totally impressed with  their entire operation.  This may sound like hyperbole, but I'm so pleased,  I've already made my six-month appointment for my next cleaning, which I never do.   in fact I hate going to the dentist so  much,  it's been five years since my last trip to the dentist.One  reason I've always hated going to the dentist is things always hurt,  the scraping, the poking, and the  drilling under "anesthesia".   I thought that's just the way it was.  In the past  I never  seemed to get enough anesthesia.   With other dentists, they simply didn't ask  before drilling away.  I once had a  filling  done with only  laughing gas, and  when I told  him the drilling  hurt, he got all huffy and gave me the injection  anesthetic along with all kinds of attitude.But Dr. Hazen  made absolutely sure I was fully and completely numbed out.  He did have to give me a second round of  anesthetic injections,  so maybe I have a high tolerance or something.      Even after verifying that I was completely numb  and proceeded with the  grinding and photos  etc., he continued to ask  it was I okay, or did that pinch, and made sure that I knew I could stop them at any time to voice  any concerns.  It was Dr. Hazen  and   Kim who performed the crown  procedure.   it was pretty amazing to see them work.    Their incredibly fast, though without seeming in a hurry.  Their speed seemed  much more  to do with skill, experience, and talent than with haste.  They also used some seriously futuristic technology to make the crown.    It was an  incredibly high powered digital imager used to make a hi-res 3-D image of the molar in question.  I thought  the image would be used merely  for diagnostic purposes.  But once the computer finished rendering the image, that data was then used to make the crown in the next room!    Five years ago, I had a crown made on the other side, and it took two appointments (the first to fix  the broken tooth and  make a mold of it;  you then go away for a week with temporary crown while the permanent crown is being manufactured at some other office;  then the second appointment to install the crown),  which I believe is the industry standard.   Doing it all in one  visit was worth a lot to me.
5	I love small businesses like this! I had been looking for a dentistry office in Madison and Dr. Hazen and the rest of his staff are awesome and so so helpful. Everyone is nice and treats you like a valued customer. I was in about a month ago for a regular check up and it was very thorough. The only thing that was kind of weird was the baking soda rinse...definitely something to get used to. Overall a great place to go, very happy with my choice!
5	Today was yet another great experience in the dentist's chair at Dentistry for Madison! My husband and I have been seeing Dr. Hazen and Co. for several years now and not only do we receive the utmost and up-to-date in dental care, but it's FUN! Find another dentist who dresses up as Elvis for Halloween and can simultaneously perform painless, meticulous drilling and filling. For most of my life I've experienced acute anxiety when faced with dental appointments for even a cleaning; not anymore. To a person, everyone at Dentistry for Madison is thoroughly professional, and it's clear that they love what they do, their patients, and working together. I can't imagine going anywhere else for dental care...and I won't!
