5	Damn Jessica F for getting the FTR on this! I made my first trip out to this new GFC location this weekend and was really excited to see an expanded retail area and the addition of sandwiches. If you have ever been to the other location on Thomas, you will be very happy with the increased selections and moving room!As usual, all of the staff were incredibly helpful and friendly, and very very knowledgeable about their products. I got some vegan gf donuts that taste a lot like gingerbread in addition to the herb baguette rolls, vegan banana cupcakes, vegan chocolate chip cookies, and hot dog buns. Everything has been great so far and I love that everything goes in the freezer.I am also really excited that they bake vegan gf cakes in multiple sizes! This is great since I am normally left out of the cake club during birthdays!All around a great place that caters to those of us with special diets! Thanks GFC!  :0)
5	I dont even need to be gluten free (my daughter does) but everything I've tasted there has been fabulous!!  The bagels are a must have staple in our freezer (daughter uses them for breakfast, sandwiches, etc), the ice cream sandwiches are soooo good, the pizza crusts are amazing - they are some ones that Barros uses (I love those!).  We've even had a few slices of pie at the store and a few different kind of cupcakes - all A++.  I recently used their Enriched Baking Flour in a tiered chocolate cake recipe I have - it came out fabulous!!  I subbed cup for cup and you would never, ever know it was gf.
5	To those of us recent and longtime sufferers of either wheat allergy or celiac disease this place is a godsend. Their breads, bagels and donuts are way beyond anything I've been able to get at either whole foods or sprouts. As other reviewers have noted they have several sandwiches they can make for you and every one I've had is good. By far my favorite is the philly cheese steak.Additionally the staff is very friendly and helpful, and the decor of the bakery is bright and cheery. I cannot recommend this place enough!
5	scrumptious and the service is great! there are always new things to try and it is always guaranteed to be good. the turkey reuben is amazeball.
5	After reading a number of health articles and PBS programs that explained how so many common ailments can be eliminated by excluding gluten from one's diet, I've been trying to cut down on consumption of gluten -containing foods -- not an easy task since it's in so many common food items. This bakery is a great place to get prepared foods and baking ingredients that are gluten free, and they sell great stuff! The kitchen also serves gluten-free dishes for a quick snack or substantial lunch. The foods here are not as inexpensive as regular foods in ordinary stores; this is understandable since flours and other ingredients made from sweet rice, white rice, potatoes, and other gluten-free foods are not as readily available or as inexpensive as conventional bakery ingredients.
2	I was expecting a cute cozy cafe with fresh gluten free yummies, but that is not what this is.  It's just a bunch of  frozen baked goods.  I bought the bagels and almost fell over when my total for 4 bagels was over $8.  Hoping that they would be amazing, I tried them today and they were terrible.  Too squishy and salty.
4	*The kitchen hours are: Tues-Fri: 10am-4pm and Sat: 10am-2pm.I was really excited to try their food as my boyfriend was in dire need of a sandwich and they also have vegan options. However, we were given a business card by someone at their Thomas Road location which had the wrong hours on it and we were told their kitchen had closed at 4pm and not 5pm as the old business cards state. Oh well.  I snagged the last sample of the "Simply Ginger Donut"  which was absolutely delicious! The women were very helpful in pointing out the gluten free, vegan options. I purchased: chocolate cupcakes with vanilla icing and sprinkles, personal size pizza dough (2 to a package), herb baguettes (2 to a package), and the Simply Ginger Donut. I have had better cupcakes but the ginger donut is quite good. They also make a bundt cake out of the same stuff they use to make the ginger donut. I purchased the herb baguettes because they had gotten such rave reviews from other Yelpers. I also read that they make a fabulous cake so the boyfriend will be getting a vegan and gluten free cake from here in the near future. Will report back then!
5	I finally made it to GFC and it was like finding the mother lode!  Yay - so many different gluten free options, it was actually hard to decide.  My daughter and I ordered crepes and fruit smoothies to eat there.  They were totally yummy and even though the store were busy because of Mother's Day, the staff was very attentive and so helpful - I felt like I was one of their regulars.  It was a great experience and I will definitely go out of my way to get back over there.  I live on the northwest side of town, so it's more than 30 miles from my house, but I want to go try some other things from their lunch menu!
5	I went to Sprouts and picked up the GF bread.  It was like a brick.........tough, hard and very unappealing.  I have heard from other friends how horrible the bread selection in their area is.....I was so bummed.  I love bread.  Love it, love it, love it.  Only further up on the list is my love of Pizza and Pasta (more on that in the next post!)So last Saturday, I got the Hubs to take me around on errands.   Before our lunch at Indulge Burger, we journeyed into Gluten Free Creations Bakery and Cafe.  It's located at 76th Street and McDowell and it's well worth the journey.  Upon entering the Cafe we were greeted and asked if we needed help finding anything.  I was pretty sure we could find what I was looking for so I declined help.  We were able to check out the frozen items and I picked out a loaf of Herb bread and a loaf of Cheddar Cheese bread.  I then saw chocolate chip cookies and pounced on them.  There are no prices listed for these items and you honestly don't want to know them!Okay, I'll tell you.  $12.99 for a dozen cookies and $8.99 for each loaf of bread.  My total came to over $30 with tax, etc.  Pricey, oh, yeah.  worth it.  You betcha!So we make it to the counter, fully intending to pay and leave, and the cashier asks if we want to try some samples.  Um, yeah!  We tried the snickerdoodles (which I should have turned the chocolate chip cookies back in for they were so good!)  I'll get them next time......Oh, then we tried the "Insane Chocolate Donuts4U".........6 donuts for $9.99 and they are SOOOOOOOOO worth it. My husband was ready to kill for a whole one and he can eat regular donuts!  I would say that's a score for GFC!  Now, we also tried the Cinnamon Coffee Cake which I didn't care for (due to an aftertaste) but The Hubs enjoyed it........again!I have to give 5 out of 5 stars to this discovery!  I will be back again and again!  Oh, and you should be happy to frequent many of the fine restaurants (like Pugsy's) who serve their bread....it's good!  Oh, so good!
5	Amazing... a gluten-free bakery that's not 25miles from my house! I was so stoked when Ii heard GFC was opening a second location in the East Valley (notice it wasn't in the West Valley? That's because the west-side of Phoenix sucks and is gross), even more excited when I found out it's also a sandwich place. They serve an entire menu of amazing sandwiches and now they even serve breakfast and brunch! Awesome!!
4	A little pricey, but great stuff.   French Dip was great, and the Snickerdoodles are AMAZING. People behind the counter are super-helpful, asking you if you have questions on anything.I will definitely be back!
5	With three months of Gluten-Free life under our belts, we have found that most GF substitutes are hardly palatable.  GF Bakery has some great creations.  The Red Velvet Cake is awesome (and not dry).  The breads are so much better than the varieties found in with the big-box grocers.
4	I have to say that I am pleasantly surprised by this place.  I've recently been exploring a more vegan lifestyle and I was looking for sweets that I could indulge in while keeping with my new goals.  The doughnuts here are healthy and tasty.  I'm a fan and will be back for more.
5	I was watching this segment from an old "20/20" type show, and they had interviewed one of the owners of Babycakes bakery in NYC.  The lady was talking about how people will come in to their bakery and start to cry...either because it's been so long since they've had certain food items, or they can finally give their kids a little bit of normalcy by allowing them to eat a cookie or cupcake.  I guess that segment came to mind when I walked into this place.  It's been so long since I've had a hamburger with a bun.  Or a hot dog with a bun.  Or a sandwich not wrapped in lettuce.  I really thought I was going to cry.    No doubt, it's a little pricey.  But what GF baked foods aren't?  Difference here is that their breads are incredible.  Absolutely the best.  Whereas frozen breads from the grocery store are (to me anyway) gross, the flavor and texture of their breads is so good, even the non-GF eaters in my family enjoyed trying a few bites!This place is amazing.  If only they'd consider opening another location in northern AZ!!
3	Update on draft from below &  this is all from our visit last summer.We went back for 2nd visit. Owner was there & really sweet. Tried a cupcake- really good but the bagels are almost too good to be true. 1st visit:  Sandwich was tasty but I would have needed 3 of them to feel full which wasn't happening @ $8 for sandwich & a bag of chips whose expiration date was 2 days ago. They should label their vegan options more clearly. I am excited to try the bagels I bought, would have tried the new cupcakes but not a big frosting fan - too sweet, & the red velvet was red from food coloring, not beet juice & I don't do artificial colors. Looking forward to the bagels but just not as health-conscious as the Los Angeles vegan/gluten-free.
4	This place is very cute and retro.  They had some really interesting flavors as well like gluten free  cupcakes and the red velvet cake is amazing  I'd recommend checking it out
5	After noticing the bakery one day I decided to stop in and give a few things a try. When I walked in the owner was stocking the freezer with fresh bagels which is what I originally came in for. He helped me explain how everything was set up. I picked out my bagels I wanted to try and while also showing me the menu he pointed out they had about 5 or 6 samples of items. I tried them all and they were all amazing. The pineapple upside down cupcakes were so yummy and so was the spiced cake. The spiced cake was the moistest and flavorful cake I've had in a long time. Soooo, add that to my order! LOL It wasn't a very big cake (4x4) but you can get bigger. I cut it in small bite size pieces at home so I didn't eat it all in one sitting. Everyone who tried it really liked it and couldn't believe it was gluten free! I can't wait to go back and try more yummy goods!
2	Not so sure what the fuss was about but I was asked to go pick up something here and really got BLAH service from the young man who really could not answer my questions. I did not eat the stuff but the person I picked it up for was disappointed that it was frozen - not fresh and dry.
4	Lunch is great, and the pumpkin chocolate chip cookies are awesome!
5	I just ordered some items online and received them today, so I tried them out for the first time.   Their donuts are AMAZING!!!   I can't believe they are gluten free, they taste exactly like regular donuts except possibly better.  My teenage son is also weaning off gluten and he had to admit how good these were.   I will definitely order them again!
5	Omg blueberry muffin moist delicious best ever took two seconds to eat and needed it to be bigger. Also the chocolate espresso bar was beyond words. Took our taste buds to a whole new level. We will be back again and again!
4	i went here for a friend's birthday brunch! it was located behind the denny's and in the same center as peter piper pizza. google maps takes you across the street just FYI :) everyone loved the monte carlo sandwich. it was a hit! our server was super friendly. they had a huge assortment of GF options and also listed other potential allergens in their food on the menu (egg, soy, etc) in addition to their menu, they had a bakery to take home some goodies as well as pre packed mixes to make the bread and I assume other GF baked goods yourself. they also sell their GF flour.apparently, if you have a gluten allergy...according my friend this is the best and most delicious option she's been able to find!
5	I can't describe how happy this place makes me.  I live out of town, but I order from them and whenever I'm in Phoenix I go and buy up the store.  The staff is absolutely amazing and helpful, but the food.....the food is beyond words!  It is so nice to finally eat food that tastes like real food and not like something is missing from it since its gluten free.  I absolutely am in love with the cinnamon scones.  I special order them, and I eat the half dozen in a matter of days with deep regret because they are gone.  BUT they are amazing.  If you are in Scottsdale/Phoenix, do yourself a favor and stop in there.  The staff will wow you and the food will keep you coming back for more.
3	Its unfortunate that the customer service here SUCKS! The gluten free food is delish but every time my husband goes there to get me something, he is treated like crap. Keeping my ordering there to a limit. Would rather just deal with them online then in person.
5	If you have someone in your life that has celiac or any type of wheat or gluten allergy this is the place.  Their bagels, waffles and herb bread are works of art made with love. i don't know how they do it... and I don't really care... I just LOVE that they DO!The waffles are my favorite and my girlfriend that has severe celiac is obsessed with the bagels.  She told me this is all she wants for her birthday forever! The noodles that look like egg noodles are a little mushy when cooked so I won't be getting those again, but I was going to fill up on bagels and waffles anyway.
5	I am so excited to have found this place.  I have hated every gluten free bread I've bought to date, so it has been FOREVER since I've have a sandwich.  I decided to take a risk on ordering one here, and I am so glad I did! One of the employees suggested that I try the Eggplant Italiano since I wanted something vegan and gluten free.  It was a yummy, messy (in a good way), hefty serving of roasted veggies, tomato sauce, and vegan cheese oozing with goodness on a hearty herb bread that was similar in size and consistency to a French roll.  It came with some Pop Chips that were really salty, which made me really happy but others might feel they were too salty.  For the baked goods, I read in another review that most are best eaten frozen or really cold, and I found that to be pretty true.  They are also expensive compared to regular baked goods.  I'm so thankful to have found tasty GF/vegan goodies that I don't really care about the temperature.  Considering the price of GF ingredients at grocery and health food stores, I understand the prices here.About the ambiance, it is very basic, which I liked.  It reminded me of all the little hole-in-the-wall pizzerias and hot dog places I used to eat at when I was younger and didn't care what I ate.  I wish they stayed open later! I will definitely be going back, probably tomorrow already!
5	We LOVE this place!  Whenever we are in Arizona we eat at the bakery.  My daughters have celiac and we are so happy to have discovered Gluten Free Creations. Some other reviews have mentioned the menu being too simple but I am so happy to find a place my daughters can walk into and order an everyday sandwich they just can't get anywhere else, plus the bread size is actually a normal size unlike store brands like Udi's. We love the awelicious bread, buttermilk buscuit, winkies, maple scones and their seasoned bread crumbs!  Since we live out of state we order everything on line which comes delivered on dry ice.  I can't wait for their holiday items to come on line.  Their pumpkin muffins and scones are amazing!
5	The food is amazing, GF or not!  I love the Monte Cristo or the Rasp. Vinaigrette Grilled Chicken Flatbread!  They have great breakfast choices, try the Ooey Gooey Goodness and thank me later!  Not to mention they have freezers with take home items like pizzas, bread and more!Regardless if you have gluten issues, if you like good grub then this is your place!
5	Yum! I absolutely love this place. The boyfriend and I are obsessed with the cinnamon rolls and cinnamon donuts. They serve turkey bacon (one of the best I've had) that is thick and flavorful. Pretty much everything that I've tried has exceeded my expectations for a gluten free meal/treat. Another awesome part about this place is that you can buy all the gluten free flours premixed and ready to bake with. The gluten free flour mixtures are hard enough to get right on your own. They do it for you and it's cheaper then any grocery store. Enjoy!
4	Went in for some gluten free bread and haven't tried it yet. Dennis had me try a sample of their cupcakes and I loved their carrot cake! They have many items on their menu which is nice because of various allergies some people have, which they cater to. Dennis was super kind and I can tell they care about their customers.
5	I recently had a large baby shower and placed an order for 4 dozen gluten-free Vegan cupcakes,plus muffins, cofffee cake and awelicious bread for a brunch shower!  The cupcakes were decorated to match the invitation, absolutely darling!  AND DELICIOUS!  We kept the entire shower gluten free to accomodate the mom-to-be and myself, the hostess!  And everyone was in AWE that they were eating gluten free!  I think you possibly may have gained a few new customers/converts to GF as a result!  Thank you for making healthy, delicious baked goods!
5	The first time I ate an Awelicious hamburger bun from GFC, I actually cried.  It was the first 'real' hamburger I'd been able to have since going gluten-free due to a diagnosed wheat allergy.  The roll was soft, it smelled like bread, it 'crushed' down like a 'real' bun, and it was the perfect proportion of bread to fixins -- every other GF bun I'd tried was this huge mass of dry bread.  I had the same reaction to the awelicious bread -- it smells like bread, it's soft, it's 'real'.  It toasts and grills up great and makes terrific grilled cheese and sandwiches.  But it's actually good and soft enough to eat plain.  This bakery gave me a big piece of my life back. I'm lobbying my husband for a bigger freezer so I can keep more of their stuff in it!  Favorites are:  Anything awelicious -- bread, hamburger buns, dinner rolls.  The hot dog buns are also terrific.  The cinnamon buns, coffee cake, and cupcakes are divine. I love the banana bread, though honestly it doesn't taste like banana bread to me, but more like a spice bread/cake.  I do love the pizza crust, but wish they'd add one with absolutely NO herbs at all.  Even the Simple crust has herbs in it that alter the taste of the pizza.  A totally plain pizza crust would be fantastic.  I buy their regular flour and cookie flour to cook with.  And the flours are ENRICHED!!!  I've eaten several of their small chocolate cakes and have liked them all.  I'm totally ordering a custom cake for my birthday -- can't wait!!!  :)  They always have samples to try when you go in, which is great.  I go to the 32nd Street location, and they make great sandwiches for lunch.  Can't remember the name of my favorite -- it has turkey, cranberries, and cream cheese and is terrific.  Gluten-Free Creations dramatically improved the quality of my life.  I'm going home to PA this summer for several weeks and will be having GFC ship bread, rolls, cinnamon buns, etc. for my trip.  I can't live without them.  :)
1	Don't own a gluten free shop if your not gluten free yourself. Old guy could not answer any questions about gluten free products and any possible symptoms. The whole place is one giant freezer. Let us buy the stuff fresh and we can freeze it on our own. Uninviting atmosphere in rundown strip mall.
1	Visiting here to purchase goodies for a GF friend, I feel so blessed I'm not GF!!!Pricing is outrageous ($10 for 4 cupcakes and $10 for 4 muffins: not even average sized; and, $7 for 6 cookies)!  It's no wonder they had to close one of their stores.After paying what I would have paid to feed myself and my other 3 family members for a few days (home cooking).  I left hopeful my friend would LOVE the treats...fast forward two hours.  She felt extremely loved that I purchased her these goodies; but, extremely disappointed in taste.  She's been GF for almost 8 years now and these treats left a bad taste in her mouth (literally).So sad for people to be taken advantage of for being GF.
1	Just moved to AZ. Did a google search for gluten free bakery. Went to the address off of E Thomas and the people there said this is their main bakery and the store front is off of Mc Dowell. I live in Glendale so that's a 35min drive!  We get there and it's a huge freezer with a few chairs and tables. No one greeted us or told us anything about them. Everything's is frozen and not fresh like other bakeries I've been to not in AZ. The old guy behind the register didn't even make eye contact with me and didn't say a word. Very uninviting atmosphere.   I didn't order anything there because I didn't even know that they serve food there too! I bought donuts and cupcakes and the price was ridiculous! Where I'm from Haven On Earth Bakery in Reno,NV $20 could get me twice as much than what I got there! The donuts were horrible never again and the cupcakes were very moist and sticky.  I would like to go back and try something different and order food because I had no idea and it would have been nice if we were greeted and told a lil more about them but no.   I'm hesitant about going back just because no one in the store talks to you and I tried to have a conversation but nothing. The donuts are horrible they should try a new recipe but I can't really judge them based off two items I got but customer service needs work and if they want people coming back and wanting to come back they should try to build a relationship with their customers! I would enjoy going back if they were nice and inviting, also provide fresh bakery items instead of frozen ones.
5	AMAZING Gluten Free/Allergy Free Dedicated Bakery/Cafe!!!! My family started vacationing in Arizona simply because of this Gluten Free/Allergy Free bakery/cafe.  I would say this bakery is top 10 in the country on our list in running with bakery's in Seattle, San Francisco, and Florida. I LOVE LOVE LOVE that YOU ARE NOT a "Fake" Gluten Free bakery the one's where they have gluten free products freshly baked in the same oven and on the same surfaces as their normal flour based baked goods.  Flour particles stay in the air for 48 hours and stick to EVERYTHING which means it's not really gluten free.  THANK YOU FOR BEING A REAL Gluten Free/Allergy Free Bakery. Don't judge a book by it's cover as the layout of the location is nothing special.  However the food is amazing for gluten free.  It is rare to find a place that has everything labeled and highlighted correctly.  We are allergic/intolerant to gluten, dairy and soy so this place is heaven to us.  Breakfast sandwiches and pancakes are delicious.  I don't mind that the baked goods are frozen especially because of the heat in Arizona.  Gluten Free baked goods tend to go bad within 48-72 hours so the frozen treats are perfect for how hot it is there.  This is the first state we have vacationed that one can actually drive every few hours and find somewhere allergy free to eat where we don't fear getting poisoned by a restaurant or staff member.  Texture and taste are spot on considering the ingredients used.  I've baked with every gluten free flour out there.  Thank you for being so amazing and offering options like winkies, and the oatmeal chocolate bar with sea salt .... delicious!  Prices are average for gluten free products as most of the ingredients used cost more than normal wheat and sugar based products.  Fun fact- someone with Celiac's or gluten intolerance often spends approx $1500.00 more/year on groceries and food/person in household then a typical person or family. Owners and staff are humble and quiet but friendly.
5	They made my 8 year-old son's gluten-free, Captain America birthday cake, and it was both beautiful and delicious!  Everyone (including non-GF guests) raved about it.
5	I'm glad places like this exist! I can finally eat pancakes and donuts without getting sick! Also it's nice to eat goodies without having the feeling that with getting gluten out, you also got everything tasty out! One of my favorite places. If you are on a gluten free diet, you should really go here!
5	I haven't even tasted the cake and cupcakes I just bought, but after searching for two days for anything gluten and dairy free, I am so happy this place even exists!! My baby can have a cake on his birthday!!! 5 stars in my book
