3	I usually dislike burger king but when you are desperate and do not want to spend 25 bucks at a more expensive place in the airport this seems like a best bet. The burgers were not dry... the fries were fresh out of the fryer and crispy outside soft inside... boyfriend left and came back within 10 minutes... no gurgling upset stomach during the flight.. I guess we lucked out.
2	Had a late flight out of Phoenix and was hungry, so I grabbed a quick bite here.  Ordered a Whopper Jr & a BK Double Stacker.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tHaySMUc5u2a_71vfZG-0A?select=Wro1kGuK8MBgJzBUblMFUAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tHaySMUc5u2a_71vfZG-0A?select=KzXGNWDAtP6W4f8Ezty3FgThe Burgers came out hot, but they were very average.  They lacked any real flavor.  I don't know why I eat a joints like this anymore.....will have to try and break that habit.Return Factor - 3%
3	Unfortunately, you don't go to an airport and expect to get a 5 star meal.  It's where you buy food when you have no other options or need to get something quick.  If you've already past thru security then your options are limited.  This is the same greasy junk that you would get at any other Burger King- don't expect so much as a smile from the employees.  Sticky floors, messy counters, but you get what you would expect.If you've got some extra time- head to Paradise Bakery in the main area of the airport- outside of the security lines.  Much better quality food.
1	Microwaved Meals!So i ended up at this terminal during a morning flight and was starving. Found the burgerking and was ready to have a biscuit, egg, sausage muffin with hash and orange juice. This BK was strange in that you picked up your selected sandwich through a window-ish thing on the counter. This particular visit revealed:1) No Biscuits!! Everything is in a croissant... sadface2) Nothing was hot and ready3) Burger King employee was putting things in the microwave, heating them up, and then sliding the sandwiches through the window. Gross.4) Hash browns were a greasy, NOT CRISPY, mess!5) Orange juice couldnt be messed up (it came out a tropicana mini box)5) Service - Terrible! And how much did I spend to have this experience $8!... Yes, I got ripped a new one at the airport yet again!
4	Always dependable. Hot and fresh breakfast, made to order burgers.
1	The way they run this burger king is so inefficient with the cafeteria line style of getting your food. With having to carry your bags with you everywhere, it made it very difficult. Can ya'll just do it the normal way?
1	No rings, fries cold, no BBQ, chicken was cold and smelled like fish... Need I say more?
1	No flame-broiled "have it your way" goodness here.  The burgers are microwaved, the fries are right next to the line of customers waiting to order. Nothing to stop greasy kids from reaching in and touching them, or from Suzie Sicky from sneezing all over them. I had a late landing here and wanted to grab something to eat before heading to my hotel. Burger King was one of the few options available (if not the only one).  The cashier was filthy (hands/shirt), and could barely understand my order. He got it wrong and proceeded to argue with me until I said I wasn't paying $4.00 for a plain cheeseburger (it was $2.50). Finally, he called his supervisor who sorted it out (he thought I had ordered a double).  Ugh. Frustration after a flight is the last thing you need. Skip this place.  It would be better to go hungry than to eat here.
2	It's just like any other Burger King, which we all know is the king of burgers. But this one is in an airport. That makes it so much more exciting!
1	I guess they don't make very many veggie burgers here. The lady looked at me crazy when I asked for one. I should have taken that as a hint. Worst burger ever. It tasted like dry hard cardboard. It tasted like they got a freezer burned patty and over microwaved it.  Don't do it guys go to the cpk next door. On the upside the French fries were pretty good but the burgers will make u sick.
1	Yep. Screwed up my order, too. Ordered and paid for a triple and got a double. I think they count on you being in a hurry so you don't complain. Avoid this place.
3	Fills a hole!
3	After roaming the airport for a decent breakfast sandwich, I finally found the fast food comfort of Burger King. Typical airport protocol had then prepare numerous breakfasts items and place them out for quick service. Made me a little bummed. But it was still warm and pretty good. Thanks airport Burger King.
