5	Staying at this fine establishment will certainly be a unique and delightful experience for just about anyone.  My entire family loved it, and that's no small statement.  The building itself is absolutely gorgeous with everything from a grand spiraling staircase to stately chandeliers.  The decor is funky, with an occasional leopard print rug and stuffed animal sprinkled throughout the fine Victorian furniture.  You'll have the opportunity to enjoy a lovely little courtyard with a cute little fountain.  The service is the best part.  There's always delicious food available, particularly homemade chocolate chip cookies, and Karl and Jeff, the owners are incredibly thoughtful, accommodating and flexible.
5	Stayed at the Inn a few years ago during the holidays and just rebooked for this holiday.  Karl & Jeff are awesome and extremely accommodating. Street parking is always ample.  They let us bring our little dog which was HUGE for us.  I prefer to support independent business rather than supply the (paris) Hilton empire.  If your looking for a no-frills, low key place to stay this is it.
5	My husband and I were in Pittsburgh for the NHL Winter Classic on New Year's Day. We spent three nights here and loved it. We had the Mr. Boggs room which faces the street and over looks the park across the street (in the picture, the 3 windows on the second floor are Mr. Boggs room). The room was spacious, clean and comfortable. The entire Inn was beautifully decorated for Christmas. Karl and Jeff are wonderful hosts. We had made dinner reservations at a local restaurant, but upon arrival at the Inn were told that Jeff prepared a special New Year's eve dinner for the guests. He is a wonderful chef...dinner was delicious. The next morning he prepared a special New Year's Day breakfast of quiche and potatoes, in addition to the cold, every day breakfast items the normally serve. The restaurant is only open for private dinners. I suggest taking bottled water, wine/beer, sodas & snacks with you, as there is nothing "right there" to get those types of things. Free parking on the street and easy walk to downtown and Heinz field. Highly recommend!!
5	My wife and I were at the Inn on Mexican War Streets recently for one night, Karl upgraded us and we loved the Inn, our room and the breakfast. After checking in, we went for a self-guided walking tour of the historic district - the people out seemed very friendly.Karl was very nice, answered all kinds of questions, was  of great help with our getting to our dinner reservation (stay off the freeways). The breakfast area was really fun - all self-serve, my wife made herself some waffles - great food.The Inn is located across from a park, which we also explored. Street parking was fine, no problems. Our room (the back big room) was very nice, the high bed was large and amusing. No complaints whatsoever, highly recommend Karl's labor of love (didn't meet his partner), Karl sounds like a real urban pioneer of older Pittsburgh and he was a teacher (I think teachers make great BnB owners) - if we are ever in Pittsburgh again, we will look forward to another stay at the Inn on Mexican War Streets - thanks!
5	During my recent visit to Pittsburgh I lived like a baron in the Mr. Boggs' Suite while staying with friends Karl Kargle and his partner in life and business Jeffrey Stasko at the former Boggs Mansion, beautifully restored and now called The Inn on the Mexican War Streets. Once the town home of financier and department store baron Russell H. Boggs, now it's an elegant Bed & Breakfast  rich in character with guest rooms that are as charmingly unique as their new proprieters.My enormous room featured a king size bed, private bathroom with shower, large antique desk, table, marble fireplace, sofa, chair, and what argueably must be the most stunning view of West Park overlooking Lake Elizabeth and the Pittsburgh city skyline.The Scene - Inside and out of the magnificent property is romantic and brooding with a wrought-iron gate standing sentry in front of the imposing stone facade and large front porch, picture-perfect for sitting with old friends over drinks and ideal for meeting new ones.The interior showcases ornate chandeliers, carved fireplaces and while all eight spacious guest and executive suites featuring four-poster beds, private baths, telephones with voice mail & modem port, television, DVD player, on site complimentary movie library,  hair dryer, air conditioning, full access of the mansion's common areas, on site High Speed WiFi, an expanded Continental Breakfast Service and my personal favorite, the famous Chocolate Chip Cookies and snacks service presented every afternoon and evening, all while maintaing the character of a stately private residence from the magnate's opulent era.To experience hospitality that is truly Pittsburgh, your first and only choice in lodging should be the magnificent Inn On The Mexican War Streets located at 604 W. North Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15212. For reservations you may contact Karl and Jeffrey by phone 412.231.6544 email innwarst@aol.com. They're on the web  innonthemexicanwarstreets.com.  Since you're in the neighborhood be sure to pop into the Deli on North Avenue for a Ceasar Salad or  Beef & Bleu Panini; they're located just down the street at 4 East North Avenue.The Carnegie Museum of Art is located at  4400 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-4080. They're on the web at cmoa.org. or by phoning 412.622.3131. The Andy Warhol Museum is located at 117 Sandusky Street Pittsburgh, PA 15212. You'll find them on the web at warhol.org. To reach the Warhol by phone 412.237.8351 or by email info@warhol.org.
5	My husband and I stayed at The Inn on the Mexican War Streets during our vacation this past week and we absolutely loved it. The Inn itself is gorgeous inside and out and Karl is a fabulous and gracious host. Our room, which included a private bath and sitting area was beautiful, clean, and very comfortable. The free wi-fi came in handy and was easily accessible from our room (the Emma room).Breakfast, though self serve, was good. There is a waffle maker and a toaster for English muffins or bagels. Fruit, pastries, cereal, and yogurt were also available, along with hard-boiled eggs.Street parking was never a problem and we felt very safe while staying at the Inn. We would highly recommend it for anyone visiting the Pittsburgh area.
5	My husband and I got married at The Inn on the Mexican War Streets in 2007.  It was everything I could have dreamed of.  We rented 4 rooms total for ourselves plus friends and family.  The owners went above and beyond to make sure our day was amazing.  The rooms were all beautiful, the bar had delicious cocktails, and our dinner was mind-blowing.  There aren't enough words to describe how perfect our day was.  Thank you so much Karl and Jeff!
1	The Boggs Mansion (now called the Inn on the Mexican War Streets) was grand enough, and tastefully decorated.  We could have lived with the cold cookies, popcorn and cheap candies put out for snack; or even, the lack of basic room service. Perhaps we should have felt "warned" the first evening when we were escorted to our room and told that we could put out the "Maid, please service the room" sign, but that we shouldn't count on anything happening.  Perhaps we should have been "warned" when the innkeeper manically scribbled all over a map while "explaining" what to see and how to get around in that neighborhood.  No doubt, we should have been more alert to what we were being charged up front for our 5 night reservation, because the innkeeper wildly disclaimed ability to use a calculator and insisted on doing the sums by hand with a pencil and paper.  As a result, we were immediately overcharged by $111.66  from the amount we had agreed to in writing several months before.  All of this was not what we expected, and as trusting "guests" who wanted to have an enjoyable time, we ignored the "issues" and let the eccentricities slide that first night.  As others have written in their reviews, the breakfast is a self-serve affair which was your basic budget hotel big-box store fare, with the exception of some yogurt, hard-boiled eggs and a bowl of aging frozen mixed fruit.  All of this was counter indicated by anything we've experienced in Bed and Breakfast establishments in the past, but we were trying to have a good time and not make a fuss.  However, my husband and I both work from our computers when we are traveling, and I had specifically asked well in advance about wifi and internet connection before I made our reservation to stay for 5 nights at the Inn.  I had been assured that there was wifi and that it was free of charge. It says this in all the online ads for the hotel as well. Needless to say, we were taken aback the first night of our stay when it took us a long time to connect to the internet, and only when we figured out that we had to use a very old connection protocol.  When consulted, the innkeeper claimed he personally didn't have much use for the internet and was fairly indifferent to our requests for a decent internet connection.  On the second night, when we returned to our unserviced room, we discovered that there was no internet connection at all.  I went in search of Karl, the innkeeper, to help us, but he was nowhere to be found.  After struggling with the problem for quite a while, we gave up on trying to get any business done via internet. The next morning, while I was fetching our coffee and pastries from the breakfast area, Karl appeared.  I very politely told him the situation with the internet and asked if he would call the internet service provider to find out why there was no internet service to the house.  At first, Karl simply seemed indifferent and told me that our room could always get internet.  About two minutes later, out of the clear blue, he was screaming at me from the stair landing that I "didn't know what it's like to work for a living because you've led a privileged life, could do anything you want, and had never worked a day in your life."  I stood in shock with the creamer in my hand over the Folgers!  Never in my life have I encountered such outrageous, presumptive insults; and certainly not from the host of a hotel to whom I'd paid good money to provide reasonable services and a comfortable time.  My husband witnessed this scene from the top of the stairs.  When I returned, quit shaken, to our room, we discussed the situation and agreed that we should leave.  After packing our traveling gear, my husband went in search of the innkeeper to explain that we would be leaving due to his intolerable behavior, and to request a refund for the three nights remaining.  After several minutes of calling all over the house for him, Karl finally crept out of a downstairs door.  My husband made his requests, and within seconds we both witnessed him fly into an insane rage once again, screaming nonsense which included insults of both of us and our home state, slamming doors multiple times, and then reopening the doors in order to follow us around while screaming at us to get out.  He only barely managed to come up with a refund slip, although it was for the wrong amount and was not processed correctly because of the faulty internet connection and because of his unwillingness to use a calculator for doing sums.  This whole scene and situation wasted many hours of a day of our long-anticipated vacation in Pittsburgh, but we were both happy to get away from so much insult and outrage.  We certainly would never recommend that anyone stay at the Inn on the Mexican War Streets.
1	February-2013 - Just to respond to Jeff S's comments and claims: (1) At no time were we told that the internet was out and would stay out just because the other innkeeper was not there to fix it.  We WERE told, repeatedly, that the connection in our assigned room always worked, and that we were free to try other rooms.  It didn't work at all, anywhere in the Inn, the 2nd night.  (2) We were never offered assistance in finding another hotel in the area.  When we left the Inn, we had to go to McDonald's to get an internet connection in order to research other hotel possibilities for the 3 nights we were displaced. (3) The second night, we were the ONLY guests in the Inn, so there was no one else there to be "understanding."  We were only informed about the death in Karl's family as he was demanding that we leave while screaming at us about being "privileged" and from California.   (4) We were charged $111.66 too much up front for the 5 nights when we arrived for our stay at the Inn.  To date, we are still waiting for that amount to be refunded.  It is certainly NOT TRUE that we received a refund for the nights we stayed, although we feel that kind of refund would be entirely appropriate considering the harsh treatment and lack of services.  We are sorry that the innkeepers see this as "an inconvenience."  We see it as a very ugly and disturbing incident that ruined many hours of our time and cast a pall over the rest of our vacation.
5	My wife and I stayed at the Inn in June and had a fantastic time.  The Inn is beautifully restored and the stay is like traveling back in time to a more graceful era.  Our host, Jeff, was extremely gracious and accommodating.  His chocolate chip cookies were made from scratch and delicious.  Looking at previous reviews, I accessed the Internet and had no trouble.  That said, if you need the Internet that bad, this bed and breakfast would be wasted on you.  The location is great.  We walked to the National Aviary and the river walk and enjoyed the beautiful park across the street.
5	I stayed at The Inn on Mexican War Streets for one night in late May, 2014. I stayed in Mr. Bogg's room and felt a bit like a wealthy tycoon in the large grand room!The Inn has a very grand appearance on the outside, which continues on the inside. While not in pristine condition, the inside is certainly not shabby, and is clean. My bed was very comfortable. I met only one of the two innkeepers (sorry, I don't recall his name), but he was very nice and helpful. I wouldn't say the neighborhood is packed with restaurants and bars, but there are several (good ones!) within a three to four block walk. There's also a nice park immediate across the street from the Inn.If I need to return to Pittsburgh, I'll certainly stay at the Inn on Mexican War Streets again (you should too!).
5	We recently spent a few nights here and it is amazing!  I felt like we were staying in a museum/castle.  Karl was available to answer any questions and he was very helpful regarding the area and places to go, to eat, etc.  The historic district is very beautiful and we enjoyed walking around.  Everything was within walking distance, including the Aviary, the Children's Museum, the Mattress Factory (an art gallery), Randyland, etc.   There is also a beautiful park right across the road.  Parking was always available and we felt safe throughout the whole city.  We even squeezed in a bit of geocaching.  We highly recommend staying here!
