5	We've been thrilled with BAC.I have smart kids; really.  I won't claim it's from my gene pool - my wife is tons smarter than me and she definitely is in the deep end of the gene pool while I wear water wings - http://images.inmagine.com/img/beyondfoto/bl056/016892bl.jpgAfter our eldest graduated so well from high school, I was sure that she would want to go to Tech (where her father, grandfather, uncle, etc. all had attended).She got accepted, we sent in the non-refundable deposit and then she went on the orientation weekend.And dropped the bombshell that she couldn't attend Tech because it wasn't a fit for where she was or wanted to do with her life.Which is okay - better to find out now (before she goes) than go and flunk out because she doesn't want to be there.My response was that; I never wanted her to feel like she was being forced to go to Tech (been there, done that) - HOWEVER, that was a HOPE scholarship funded education to a top global school from which she was walking away.  What did she propose?Hi, Belmont Abbey.For sure this was going to be 13th grade that she was going to, right?  How could this be rigorous and a challenge?Well, these are Benedictine monks ACTIVELY engaged in their school - and it shows.Enrollment is up, donations are up, they are kicking ass and taking names (in a holy and charitable way, of course).We get there and she gets notified that they are kicking off an Honors Institute and that they'd like her to be a founding member of it (kind of a school within a school that focuses on challenging the hell out of them).Oh, and it's a full ride for 4 years.She's been challenged, had her faith crisis, been challenged and stretched and all within a trusting, Christ based community.  She graduates this May and, oh yeah, has been accepted into a PhD program at Emory.On a full ride.And a stipend.Go Belmont!!!!
5	Fantastic Adult Degree Program for all those who are thinking of furthing their education! Smaller classrooms and its working / with family adults like yourself. Most of the instructors have full time jobs and families, so they have a better understanding of the challenges you may be faced with.
5	Beautiful Campus!  I attended a Wedding reception here, the Reception Hall is very Nice!  My friend (you know what I mean) enjoyed some Art classes here! The Campus has a Romantic Charm!  The Architecture is Historic (I do not know styles, I would guess Gothic, so that is my Guess)!I have not yet heard of this place being Haunted, yet if I were a Ghost I could see visiting this place right before Winter break to give the Students something to look forward to coming back in the near year and give the Faculty something to hope for a transfer!
