5	Staff is very friendly and helpful.
1	RUDE STAFF! Take your business elsewhere! I would give this UPS store NO star if it was an option. I used this store (closest mail place to my house) only a handful of times in the past 10 years until another location further away from my house opened up.  The very first time I went in there was to ship a set of wheels I had sold on eBay.  I packed them myself, and very well at that; not my first rodeo shipping items.  I waited patiently and observed how the female clerk seemed to be "bothered" by having to be there, or working at all for that matter. This lady (and I use that term loosely) clerk was so rude. I wanted to take my business elsewhere that trip but had already lugged all four heavy boxes inside.  She's a smaller statured, older lady with a grovelly smoker's voice.  I called back later that week to speak to a manager or owner about my experience. He could have cared less about the way she handled the transaction and how I was treated.  The second time I went in (about 8 months later) and she was still employed there, and still rude. Years later, still there--this time gossiping with a younger co-worker about a customer that had just left. "You can attract a lot more bees with honey than you can with vinegar."  This place must manufacture vinegar in the back room.  Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else!
5	Could not make a living without them!Been using this UPS STORE for many years.My job takes me all over the country for months at a time. I have been fortunate to have these people working for me.  Diligent friendly detail oriented services above and beyond!Whether it is renewing my license plates or forwarding packages that went astray I am always confident my letters and packages will be forwarded onto me wherever I am. And at a speed of my choosing.  Very important to me as sometimes i travel very fast sometimes not and i need to have flexibility. They remove the trash mail and only ship me what i really want.Real people doing a very valuable job.
