4	Great steaks for the price. Always consistent. Half wedge salad is good without the red wine sauce. You can order additional oz only on the prime rib. Depending what outback you're at. The cost can range from $1 to $2.
3	Another consistent visit to Outback.  I had a burger this time with was actually pretty good, although a little pink in the center for my tastes, but my husband didn't mind finishing it off for me...I'd get it again and make sure it's cooked a little better.Our service was good, we didn't have to wait to be seated and we could see the UNC ballgame from our seats...ended up being a great meal!
3	My daughter and I visited this location last night. If this review was based on my meal alone, I would have given a 4 star rating. I had the 12 oz. Prime Rib, which was quite good, along with a very nice baked potato. What really surprised me was the bleu cheese wedge salad I had. The bleu cheese dressing was salty, but undeniably good! The warm bread was brown, soft and tasty. My daughter, on the other hand, had the sirloin steak Outback Special. It was done properly, but way too spicy. I tried a piece and called the manager over. I never had a sirloin steak leave my tongue burning. The manager comped the meal...my compliments to him! The waitress seemed rather inexperienced, however, she tried hard and received my compliments for the effort she made. I would certainly go back!
3	Not sure when they started drowning the food in butter but they certainly didn't always do that.  I use to be able to taste the grilled flavor but they've clearly changed their process or the butter chef was working this particular day.  I only get the taste for a steak every once in a while and this experience will probably keep me away a little longer the next I get a steak urge......
3	It's been forever since I've visited an Outback so I was very excited to try it again! Is it just me or do the put something so addicting in those loaves of bread! They are always warm when they come out and sooo good! You literally can't just eat one! For starters we tried the blooming onion much better than I remembered. It was not greasy and heavy, I really enjoyed it! Each piece was crispy and I loved the sauce that they bring with it! It was spicy and so full of flavor...a great match for the onion pieces!To drink I chose the Georgia peach- "down under"  which means they add an extra shot of liquor! Going forward all my drinks here will be going " down under" this was a mix of peach flavored slushy mix and liquor! Delicious! For dinner I ordered the Outback special 6oz with a loaded baked potato and broccoli as the side. The steak was just ok, a little overlooked for my taste. The potato was delicious and I agree with some previous reviews the veggies were a little buttery.Still it was a great meal, and I'm sure to return!
4	Nice staff, good food.
2	My daughter and I visited this location and (once more) went home less than satisfied. My daughter ordered the 10 oz sirloin special, which came way too spicy,. I ordered the 10 oz ribeye and was served a sirloin, instead. After notifying the waitress of the error, she had to take the steak back to the kitchen to confirm that it was a sirloin. She should know by looking at it.  The steak was replaced 20 minutes later by a completely unapologetic manager, who didn't even bother introducing herself. I doubt I shall return for a third assault on my senses.
2	For years Outback was one of my favorite places to dine.  Their wings were the best, burgers were fantastic, steaks well seasoned and portion size was good.  About a year ago Outback rebranded their stores to a more upscale decor. They changed their menu and downsized their portions.  This store was clean, server was polite and food was mediocre. The wings were small over cooked and greasy the steak did not have much flavor the outside was char'd and cold on the inside. The prices have gone through the roof considering the downsized portion size. Overall, it was just OK, next time I have a urging for a real good steak...I'll look elsewhere.
3	I met two friends here for dinner on a Friday night, which based on the parking lot, I thought we'd have a problem getting seated. I did get a "buzzer" & was told it would be 15-20 minutes; however, we snagged some seats at the bar & ended up grabbing a table in the bar area. We got helped almost immediately after being seated & ordered the coconut shrimp. That, along with the bread came out in less than 10 minutes. However, the time it took for our salads & entrees was quite a different story. I believe we waited 15 minutes for our salads & about 10-15 more for our entrees of two steaks & one chicken entree. Not once did our waitress apologize for the delay.The coconut shrimp were delicious. They were huge pieces of shrimp, with plenty of the coconut breading. The salads were fresh. Our meals were cooked to our liking; however, the chicken was very dry. They did take it back & bring my friend another piece of chicken & fresh serving of the vegetables. She was pleased with the second attempt. This visit wasn't great enough to make me want to come back to this location. I think I'll stick with the Huntersville one.
3	My third favorite steakhouse. They have the best blooming onion and green vegetable selections with brocolli, string beans, and asparagus. Texas Roadhouse edges them in the steak department. Outback also had the better mushrooms. Delfrisco's has the best steak with a steak called the Wygul but it is pricey. The front entrance position is a little weird to me. That's just my 2 cent.
3	The food was ok not so much special for the price I paid. Waitress was a little slow and didn't pay any attention to us at all.  I had to hunt her down to order and get drinks.   May not come back unless I crave something from their menu.
2	The wings were good, but the pork porterhouse was very dry. Also, the sirloin my daughter got was cooked properly and very tough.
1	The worst outback I've ever been to.  This location always is horrible when it comes to service and food. Ive repeatedly had to send back steaks due to over cooking. The last time I gave this place a chance my drink tasted like straight mixer and my blooming onion was ridiculously greasy. Outback is usually a good chain but this location is horrible.
