4	Visiting the Phoenix area for a couple weeks... I'm a big fan of Greek food and this was my first visit to a MBFGR. This one is in Westgate but it wasn't busy on a rainy Tuesday evening. First, the service was excellent. Our waiter was friendly, efficient and knowledgable about the menu. The portions were LARGE. Be prepared to take food home if you're not super hungry. I had the Greek salad, which would've been better if it'd been dressed with an olive oil/vinegar dressing instead of what seemed to be a creamy, mayo-based one. Tried my sister's gyro sandwich, which was excellent! The meat wasn't greasy and was perfectly spiced. The prices are quite reasonable for the amount of food you get. All in all, I'd eat here again.
3	Restaurant.com certificate brought me here, and brought me a bill $25 less than it would other wise have been!That's a "Yea!"The food was all prety good.  We got the Meat Lovers Platter, which for $18 per person (regular price) gave you what the menu described as "A Symposium of Ecstacy"Uh, say what?!?.  Even if we give the benefit of the doubt and use the ancient Greek definition -- a drinking party with intellectual conversation -- it's hardly a fitting use of the word 'symposium'.  It was more a smorgasbord, or a cornucopia...heck, let's just call it a Smorgas-copia of Meat.And to blashpeme the word Ecstacy with such a lame use of the concept!   (although, "try my meat" and just maybe...)There was a huge pile of thick gyro shavings, two lamb chops, one each of beef-chicken-pork kabob skewers, two piles of rice, a bevy of lemony roasted potatoes, a mound of moussaka, a dish of tzaziki, and several stacks of pita wedges.Volume and quality of the meat was just fine, with the kabobs really outshining everything else, especially the lamb chops, which were actually my least favorite meat item (fatty and almost flavorless, what flavor was there had me wishing they WERE flavorless).The sides were beyond underwhelming.  The potatoes were over lemon-ed and under anything-else, as far as spice/taste.  The rice was very Minute Rice in consistency, you know, not a grain sticking to another grain; it was annoying, though, with a feel more like orzo than rice.   Tzaziki was really great, but the pita was more like the flat bread they make Gorditas and Chalupas out of than actual pita bread.Service was friendly when present, but minimally requisite.  I did not feel any inclination to tip over and above the 18% required by the Restaurant.com certificate.The patio-like area enclosed with glass walls makes for a nice view during the day I'm sure (but of what? the stadium parking lot?) but it also made for a horrendous echo that eventually got quite annoying.The deal with the certificate was good enough that I'll do it again, but I'm seeing if they offer another location.PS: it wasn't me that did it, but don't tell a 13 year old girl about lamb
2	I was looking forward to a feast, but even with the $50 coupon, it was a big let-down. There wasn't a Greek soul IN the place--flies were buzzing everywhere, my lamb soulaki was overdone, my side dishes were exactly the same as my husband's, and he was supposed to be having a gyro platter--with none of the appropriate sides to a gyro. His meat was stone cold. Everything was very UNseasoned. The only good part was the calamari, but the dips for the calamari were more like salsa or ranch dips--I began to think I was in a Mexican joint instead of a 'Greek" place--everyone running the place was Mexican. Maybe the chain was originally started and run by Greeks, and the name says Greek, but it had no other connection, having probably sold out to Mexicans years ago....even the wine was lousy.Next time, go to Carraba's...WAY way better food, service, ambiance, cleaniness, menu, wine.
4	Mmm... Greek Food.. (mouth watering)..My Big Fat Greek Restaurant is AMAZING. They have managed to become an impressive chain! I've visited several of their locations throughout the Phoenix/Tempe/Avondale area and have never been proved wrong! As a Greek food estatic I am please to announce this chain will satisfy any Greek food lovers mouth! This place is not like other Greek food chains out there (Daphne's Greek Food). The restaurants always have a soothing design and the staff is quick to serve. I love this place! :) Four Stars!
1	The best part of this review:  The food here is very average, mediocre Greek food, and, since I come from a Greek family, I know my Greek foodstuffs.  The lamb chops seem to have been frozen--not fresh--and then broiled, because the inside of the chop is pink and the outside well done which is what happens when thawed often.  Plus, they didn't seem the freshest.  The Greek salad's lettuce was somewhat limper than I would like, the feta was skimpy and where the heck was the oregano you put on a Greek salad?  Like I said, mediocre.And when did the Greeks wrap their gyros in tortillas?  Huh?  Yeah, real authentic, guys.,...not.Laughable comments on their lousy customer service:  However, the customer service is pitiful.  The manager agreed that our group of 20 could use their buy one, get one entree free coupons (2 only of us had them with us), but he left and his assistant manager wouldn't honor them, because--get this--we are one big table of 20 people.  Nowhere on the coupon does it say one coupon per table either.  We weren't asking for everyone to get a discount (like I said, only 2 of us had them, anyway).  We all agreed that we should of each sat at different tables in the restaurant if it made that big of a deal.  What a B.S. excuse.  Yeah, that made us delightfully happy...not. We actually were almost arguing with the poor young girl who was our waitress about it, and she was only doing what the assistant manager--who conveniently hid from us--told her to do.  This assistant manager should have come to our table, but no! too busy hiding from us I guess.  Either this assistant manager has no clue about coupons, could care less about repeat business or is just the puppet for the powers-that-be behind the throne, but we surely were not treated well.BUT here is the best part of the entire bill paying event:  One of us paid with a $20 bill for a $9.40 meal, and she waited for her change--only to receive $10 back!  She asked why and the response was:  when we have a bill like that we round it off!  What??!!!!?!In short, they kept her $.60.  Who does that?If this restaurant is so greedy they keep 60 cents, gosh...I wonder what other shortcuts they took with my FOOD?????  EEEK!This restaurant has horrible customer service policies and a real "we could care less" attitude.  Well, My Big Fat Greek Restaurant, good for you but you won't be seeing My Big Fat @ss coming back to your suckhole establishment either....nor are the other 19 people in my party.  And we certainly will discourage any other meetup.com groups from coming there....taa, taa, you JERKS!!!!Oh, and if you see me you'll recognize who I am who wrote this letter:I'll be the one standing on the church steps on Sunday telling all the parish at our Greek church what an embarrassment you are to our ethnic community.
1	The two stars are for the girl who packed up my to-go order. She put everything in separate containers just as I requested (especially the dressing!). Other than that Big Fat Greek would have gotten a measly one star... because no stars is not an option. When I was occasionally eating meat their gyro was dry and lacking in flavor. Now that I'm VEGAN they have very slim pickings for dinner options. The falafel was embarrassingly dry to the point of disintegrating upon contact. To add insult to injury, the warm falafel was placed on top of the lettuce and tomato which wilted and ruined the lettuce. The pita was extremely greasy. The other dish we ordered, the moussaka, was not terrible, but nothing special. It's difficult to ruin cooked vegetables. This is absolutely the worst Greek food I have EVER had. I was also surprised to find that their prices have gone up slightly from the to go menu I had. So you will be paying around a full dollar for your greasy pita.
1	This place has awful food.  Every dish was so salty we could not eat it.  The appetizer (calamari) was also too salty to eat.  We will never go back again.
4	I've spent a semester in Greece and been to many Greek restaurants. The gyros at Big Fat Greek are very good - huge portion for the price and I definitely recommend the "greek" fries (although I never had anything like that in Greece). Perhaps not as interesting or tasty as the gyros on the streets of Athens but still supremely better than most other Greek restaurants. The avgolemono soup is also very tasty and would recommend that if you need an appetizer, although normally just the gyro by itself is more than enough food. Unfortunately the new location is smaller than the old and the last time we visited the temperature inside was uncomfortably warm and the service was slow. You can typically pick up restaurant.com coupons for this location.
4	We have dined here twice and both times were impressed.  The Aegean Club sandwich is HUGE with ample portions of chicken, gyro meat, and bacon.  Comes with a ton of fries & I couldn't finish but half of it.  The second time my wife and I both ordered the Gyro plate.  It was excellent.  The only negative was they didn't serve enough pita bread to go with it & we had to ask for more.  The $25 Restaurant.com coupon we used also made for an inexpensive night out.  The atmosphere is fun & service was great, also.
5	We came here for a date night dinner a while back and it didn't disappoint at all. The food was amazing, the steak was delicious and however they season the potatoes is to die for. It was a little on the expensive side but the food, service and atmosphere were great. We have been and will continue to go back!
3	My husband and I are still looking for a GREAT Greek place. We went to My Big Fat Greek Restaurant on a Saturday night.  It wasn't very crowded and so we were seated right away.  The waiter did a good job, and I really did enjoy the service.  They also had a good selection of beer on tap.  The food was okay - no great. We started the meal with the humus sampler.  Although the humus was good, there were not enough pitas on the plate.  We were charged for extra. My husband ordered an assortment of gyro meat and I got the Greek salad with chicken.  The food on my husband's plate did not look all that fresh.  It was good, but I've had better.  My salad was okay.  We probably won't eat here again, but we enjoyed our one meal at this restaurant.
2	For the price,  I would have liked a little more atmosphere.  As it is, it is simply an American designed Restaurant with a Greek name that serves adequate Greek food.  Plenty of food at a reasonable price.  I went there expecting a taste of Greece, with Greek paintings and other furnishings but disappointed to see it was a very modern American setting.  At BUCCA DE PEPPA, (not the best Italian Restaurant I have ever eaten at) they at least try to get the atmosphere right.  Here, it was they took a typical American eatery and said "If we call it Greek, and serve mediocre Greek food, they will come."  Their seems to be very little in the way of Greek settings, other than banal, average taped Greek music.  Basically, it is what an American might expect a true Greek Restaurant to sound like. Having grown up with an Eastern Catholic/Orthodox background, I have been to Greek churches that have served Authentic Greek food and spirits, and MY BIG FAT GREEK RESTAURANT was a BIG FAT DISSAPPOINTMENT. Although the food was good, it was still like eating at an American place trying to do the Greek stuff.  It just does work well. Still, the food was good, and they serve big portions, but for the price, it shuld have been better.
2	The saganaki was amazing as always.  The service was very rushed.  I ordered soup-yum!  My entree was the petit filet w steamed veggies. I think they forgot to season the meat at all...and the veggies were under cooked. The potatos were very lemony, but I like them like that.  Mom ordered beef and chicken souvlaki, all her meat was overcooked.  Small mom and pop Greek restaurants always out perform here.I've been here before and have had similar experiences with the beef.  My friends ordered the bone-in lamb and had them bring out two more plates it was so delicious.  Overall, I'd say stick with the GREEK food here, don't go for the steak or chicken.Also, restaurant.com always has the $2 coupons that are worth $25, or $50.
4	The food is good, and the service was excellent. I always go for the gyro, and it's always prepared well.
4	My Big Fat Greek Restaraunt isn't the most authentic Greek place (or the cheapest) but the portions are extremely filling.   The main dining area is small, though cozy during slower hours.   The service has always been very polite and professional.  The servers are knowledgeable about their menu and willing to recommend different items on the menu, depending on what you like.  The food ranges from Greek and Greek fusion to stuff that isn't really Greek at all so even people with narrower tastes should be able to find something they like.Some entries are a bit pricey but the portions are large and tend to be very filling.   On this trip I got th Aegean Club Sandwich, which was a very satisfying fusion between a gyro and a club sandwich.   A great restaraunt for casual groups, Big Fat Greek Restaraunt's chief drawback seems to be that it might not be the best restaraunt for an intimate meal, particularly if you are looking for more authentic Greek cuisine.
3	Opa! I normally don't care for Greek food because I don't like lamb so frequently used in their dishes but this place offers plenty of tasty alternatives. My wife likes Greek and I  agreed to look at the menu online. They had lots of variety including steak, chops, chicken parm, pizza and calzones -- all with a Mediterranean flare.The atmosphere is a cross between traditional and modern. Little hand painted wooden tables and blue cloth napkins with clean, open styling.We went on a Sunday for dinner and it was about 1/3 full.We were taken care of promptly. After mulling over the alternatives, i felt brave enough to go Greek. I ordered the Angus Steak Souvlaki dinner and my better half had the same only with grilled shrimp. We got a couple of soft drinks in cups so large you won't need a refill.It wasn't long before we were served. Both plates looked great. Nice presentation. My steak was tender and juicy and my wife's shrimp were grilled to perfection. Other sides included potatoes, rice, veggies and pita triangles. (Maybe too much on the starches guys.). I recommend the Greek salad as a starter to add to the green balance.Our server was attentive and very friendly. Overall nice experience. We will be back.
4	So let me begin with the dessert! OMG! Cheesecake done Greek: TO DIE FOR!!! I have been without my husband for six months and this is the closest thing to a "moment" that I have had!  hehehehehehe!!! I cannot wait for him to get home to take him there if only for the cheesecake!My meal was yummy as well!! The serving was a great size even if the meal was a little pricy.  I will surely go back there to eat again.  It isn't a place for the romantic meeting due to the closeness of the seating but it is still a great place to dine.
4	My wife and I have been there 4 times for lunch. There is almost never anyone in the restaurant at lunch time. Not enough going on at West-Gate to bring people into the area for lunch unless you work close. I always get a Village salad. I don't know anything about their other foods. Why a village salad. I was in Athens for 4 days and every day I got what they called a Greek salad. Their Greek salad did not have lettuce  in it. When you order a greek salad you get lettuce in it. Their Village Salad is what I was getting in Athens. Confused now??? Well that is why I go there. I can get a salad I call a Greek salad just by a different name. If you like Feta cheese, Cucumber, Greek Olives, Tomato, Onion, touch of olive oil and basaltic vinegar. You will like their Village Salad. Decoration is appropriate for the food they are serving. Everyone has always been friendly and helpful. The place has always been very clean. I don't know anything about the rest of their food. I go there for the Village Salad and I like it.
4	Large and tasty gyro pitas.  Great crispy fries.
4	This place is worth your time and the garlic hummus is mmm mmm good.
4	My first visit at My Big Fat Greek Restaurant was mostly a pleasant one.For starters my fiance and I both loved the appetizers. The bruschetta was some of the best I have had, because personally I love the soft bread they use. I don't like the crunchy hard bruschetta bread that other places use. Here the bread is soft and delicious. We also had the calamari and were pleased with it.We ordered the gyro platter and were mostly happy with it, but we didn't like that they hardly give you any pieces of pita bread. We didn't mention it, but the waitress ended up asking if we wanted more pita bread anyways. We said yes and ended up getting charged an extra dollar, which I wish they would have mentioned because I assumed when she asked that it was complimentary to go along with the dish.Aside from that the service was pretty good. They served refills in pitchers which was interesting. The only food item I didn't like was the potatoes which came as a side to the gyro platter. They had a weird taste. We both enjoyed the desserts here though. The bill was also a bit more than what we had expected, but on the whole we were pleased with this restaurant mainly because of the excellent appetizers!
4	Two words - Greek fries! Start off with that and end with some baklava to share and your night will be just right.  Service was a little slow and it was hard to get refills and order tings in a timely manner which is the only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars. But the servers there are nice and the food is so delicious! I'm a VERY picky eater, I could eat things plain if I had to and the though of lamb makes me cringe but this place really opened me up to some great flavor combinations. A must try at least!
1	First time at this restaurant. The service was too slow. We dine with friends and family each paying separate bill, but waitress charged us 18% gratuity which i don't mind paying for good service and if we really are in big group. (family of 4). Debit card was missing (2). Ice on big cup up to the rim, 5 zip of drinks gone! Gyro was dry. Wait for for was 45 mins...
1	I will never go here again i went with my aunt uncle and cousin we specifically told the server i was a vegaterian i told her i wanted the veggie calzone and when i open it it had meat when i had it sent back they made me another one but this one was cold the cheese wasnt melted very dissapointed NEVER going back again you couldnt pay me to go there
3	Went here for lunch on 1/18/13 with some coworkers.  I ordered the gyro platter.  The meat was good, though a little of it was a little jerky-ish.  I'm not sure if it was overcooked or was just hard from being re-heated.  It was tasty.  The mixed vegetables were very good. The potatoes were good, though not hot.The Greek fries.  Oh, the Greek fries.  If you like French fries, and want to try something absolutely freakin' amazing, go to this place and get a platter of the Greek fries. They are soooooo good!  The service was adequate and the restaurant was very clean.
2	My husband and I went  here for dinner on a Saturday evening.  We had previously been to the one in Goodyear which has since closed so we went up  here .  The atmosphere is not as good as the old restaurant it is basically a regular restaurant that serves greek food.  The food was good however the service was not.  I asked for a glass of water and was half way through my meal when I fially  got it.  Also my husband asked the waitress what the vegetables were and she just said I don't know, I know they are steamed and never offered to go check to find out.  He played it safe and ordered something else.  Obviously we didn't see our waitress much while we were eating,.As I said the food was good so if you are just looking for food you may want to go, if you want a restaurant with atosphere I would not recommend it.
3	Food good, service not the best.
4	Man this place was goooood. My husband and I shared the greek fries (he doesn't like feta but scarfed these bad boys down), then shared the Aegan club and Baklava cheesecake. Everything was very good and very filling. I would recommend to anybody that likes Greek food.
4	My husband and I went here Easter evening, I had worked all day so I didn't have time to cook dinner after getting home at 6:40pm, they were open and despire the 3 star review we decided to try them. The waitress was super friendly, the food was delicious. I didn't know what to order so I ask the waitress what was good, as I don't know Greek food. She suggested the Pastitsio, it was very good, and very filling .I couldn't finish it. The atmosphere was fine but nothing high end or fancy, but we were not looking for high end. I don't know if it's a Mom and Pop shop but it has the feel of one, and the staff was wonderful. I'm a fan and we will be returning again.
1	Great-tasting food that caused both my wife and I to get sick later. Horrible waitress and manager. We won't be going back... ever!
4	I walked past here going to another restaurant (I should have crossed the street to go here.).  I came here the next day and it was great!  There were minimal staff but I ate dinner early on this day.  I had the braised lamb.  The portions were great and the food...super tender!  The veggies with it was a nice selection but kinda cold.  That didn't detract much though.  I had to wait for another drink but was impressed when a different server got it for me.  Finally, the was a 10% off on Yelp for checking in, but I chose not to use it because the food was so good.Improvements: pay closer attention to the food temps, eliminate the physical barriers between wait staff and customers or have staff frequently in the dining room, and clear away some of the papers plastered throughout the establishment.  Small physical changes could add ambiance and eliminate distractions.  Also, add more Greek cultural items...besides the beautiful staff.
1	We have never been to this restaurant and wanted to try it out.  We went two weeks ago on a Monday and were seated right away.  The food was fresh, the staff seemed friendly and all was well.  I was even going to give this place 5 stars due to our dining experience.  We paid with a visa for our check and left our waitress Ashley a tip for her not stellar but good service of about 15%.  The next day we went into our account only to find out that the original amount was taken out plus $10, since it was still pending we didn't think nothing of it.  Two days later it posted and thankfully we had a copy of our receipt that showed a zero for the tip since we had tipped her cash.  We called management and they wanted a copy of the receipt which we then preceded to drive back and hand it to him personally.  He took the receipt to the back and brought a copy of what Ashley the waitress had turned in and to our disbelief SHE had written herself an additional $10 tip apart from the cash we gave her.  The manager was in shock and reimbursed us right away; he handled it very professionally.  I might call to see if they still employ this dishonest worker and if they do; please beware and CHECK your receipts. I wonder how many more people she ripped off. As long as Ashley works there we will never step a foot in that restaurant.
3	I thought the service was good. I wanted to try the food that other yelpers recommended so I had the flaming feta which I HIGHLY recommend. I was surprised when she lit it on fire. It was very tasty. Good if you have a salt tooth. Also had the greek fries, they were good as well. The baklava cheese cake was delicious. I would return here for more items in the future.
1	Over priced, not authentic Greek. Most all food is already prepared and frozen before it gets to your plate from a dealer that sells them the food. The feta is the best thing they got that's Greek. And the staff is not Greek too...... they claim to be but not true :(It's basically a Greek fast food place
5	I had visited the Tempe location before and thought I'd give this one a shot. I ordered the chicken souvlaki pita with a Greek salad. The chicken was hot and juicy, and the salad was also great. Kinda higher priced than I expected at $10, but the food was quality and the service was good. Not sure why it has a 3 star average, ill def be coming back.
1	I had very high hopes for yesterday's lunch at My Big Fat Greek. After looking forward to it for several days, as I had been to a restaurant with the same name at Arrowhead Towne Center and LOVED it. That's why I suggested it when my BFF & I were looking for a place to grab a bite before shopping. The restaurant was easy to find. The clean & spacious parking lot offered plenty of open parking spots. The larger-than-life menu to the left go the entrance was my first clue that it wasn't the same restaurant as what I was expecting. This menu was more expansive, offering burgers and pizzas as swell as traditional Greek cuisine. Upon entering the restaurant we were acknowledged, note- not greeted, by a woman asking how many in our party. As we passed the bar area, I did notice half-full glasses and dirty dishes/plates covered with napkins. Since my visit was at 11:30a.m. I surmise they were left from the night before. Dirty dishes invite pestilence & disease. Gross! The dining area was expansive and very authentically decorated. The Greek music that was playing was uncomfortably loud, but I liked the rhythm.  The lady that seated us told us she wasn't our server, but would take our drink orders. We gave her our drink order. The glasses are humongous-at least 32oz! The hostess delivered the drinks without a word, although we would have liked to have ordered an appetizer at that time. After watching two employees standing around looking at their phones and chatting, I crossed the restaurant to ask that someone come take our order- of note- we were the only people in the restaurant. My daughter& I ordered the original hummus & pita appetizer from the hostess. The appetizer arrived quickly, again wordlessly, from the hostess again. My first impression was the scant amount of hummus in the bowl. It couldn't have been more than 1/2 cup. The pita was a decent serving size. The hummus was not good. My daughter and friend said it tasted like pickle juice. I didn't taste pickle, but I didn't like whatever flavor I did taste. The pita was unremarkable. A female server came to our table to take our meal order. My daughter & I ordered the chicken souvlaki with salad as our side. My friend ordered the souvlaki with sweet potato fries. Our meals arrived promptly  The portions were appropriate for a lunch order. The side salad Greek dressing was very bland. The only discernible flavor was oregano. Even the feta cheese didn't have a bite, as feta should. The pita bread was bland. The chicken in the pita bread was bland and unremarkable. The tztaziki sauce was tangy but didn't compensate for the overall poor quality of the food. The server returned to our table. In an incomprehensible falsetto voice, she asked a question that we had to ask her to repeat 3 times. After the 3rd time we gave up trying. We are not hard of hearing, but the high pitch of her voice, coupled with the speed of her speech made her impossible to understand. Greek food is my favorite cuisine.  This location is conveniently located; however, because of the substandard service, unclean areas and tasteless food, neither my friend, nor I will ever return or recommend this restaurant to anyone!
3	Good solid Greek restaurant in the Westgate area. I've been here several times and have always had good service and good food. I'm fond of the Greek pita with Greek fries. That's all I've ever had but I'd like to try something else next time and I will update my review. As for now a solid 3 star in my book.
3	So I came here with my best friend and her daughter.  By the time I arrived (I was running late and they were already seated) she was seriously annoyed with the server and the appetizer they ordered, hummus and pita slices.After I finally got seated and ordered a drink we ordered our entrees and I got a pita with a side of sweet potato fries.  I liked my sweet potato fries, but the pita was nothing special.  She hated her food, and insisted it was nothing like the other Big Fat Greek Restaurant location she'd eaten at before.  My niece pointed out that the Greek Salad that she had didn't come with traditional, mellow red onions, but bitter yellow onions and she was very displeased.  Also, I tried some of their hummus because they kept insisting it tasted weird...  It had a very strong overtone of pickle juice.  It WAS weird.Our waitress was okay, except for the fact that she talked like she was trying to squeeze out her sentences in a high pitch voice and as fast as humanly possible.  She asked us if we were interested in ordering dessert, and I swear to glob I had to ask her to repeat herself three different times before I was able to decipher the word "dessert" and piece together what I assumed she was asking.  Seriously, it was ridiculous.Also, the music blasting overhead, while very Greek sounding, was just this side of deafening; it was hard to converse without shouting in there.
4	Great food huge portions fun for the kids and a fun atmosphere. Belly dancer was awesome.
1	I've been here at least a couple of times.  I really love the food I've had, albeit a bit on the pricey side for what you get, but the service sucks.  Was here on a Saturday afternoon and the place was not even half full yet, it took forever for the server to even make an appearance and even longer to get our food.  The waitress was clearly forcing her "friendliness" and no it's not cool to call someone "sweetie" especially when you're attitude is funky.  Had to ask the hostess and other staff for things like salad dressing, to go boxes, the bill etc. because our waitress disappeared for long periods of time.In my opinion this place has no character and the staff have horrible customer service skills and seem to lack ability to appropriately interact with customers.  There are more than a handful of reviews on here that say the exact same thing about the staff's attitudes and the poor service.  I've had enough personally and will take my money and business elsewhere.  I cannot see how a business like this will stay open for long with the high prices and awful service.
2	Husband and I were at Tanger outlets yesterday and decided to grab a bite to eat at My Big Fat Greek Restaurant.  The only reason they are receiving a 2 is because the food was amazing.  However, the service was easily a 1.  We asked our server for a children's menu and never received one, we actually took it off a table that was being cleaned.  Then we had asked for extra napkins, not once, not twice, but four times.  I just got up and went to the restroom to wash my sons hands. Our water and iced tea were never refilled. It was just a freakn mess.  Such a dang shame because the food was amazing, but I'll probably never go again just because of the service.
2	Went for lunch with four adults  and four kids.  Kids meals were pretty standard. Dad got a Greek salad. Any real Greek place will have a salad with  romaine lettuce, purple onions, Kalamata olives, and a light vinaigrette. This salad had none of that- iceberg, yellow onion,, no olives,and a thick dressing. The falafel was so hard it was like a hockey puck. Also, it tasted horrible. I wouldn't ever come here again.... You have to have good food that tastes good and this place does not have that.
5	Our office dines out regularly for lunch and this place is on our weekly rotation.  The staff is stable and already knows our orders by memory and we love that.  They are very friendly and I have never found them hard to understand.  The manager always makes his rounds to see how the food was today and is very pleasant.  I did notice that when Tanger Outlets opened they had to hire additional staff almost overnight who were not as familiar with the menu as the other waitresses.  The food is always reliable and the sauces are to die for.  The flaming cheese is really cool and so is the hummus appetizer.  The pizza salad is awesome, two of us share it because it is so large.  We do like to change it up and their menu has plenty of choices for when we are feeling adventurous.
4	The transition of moving to the West Valley from Tempe has been challenging when it comes to outstanding restaurants.  The West is more of a Chili's, Olive Garden kind of area so looking at a "local" chain wasn't my first choice but Big Fat Greek Glendale is exceptional. We have eaten here several times over the past two or three years and have taken friends and family whenever we have visitors.  Saturday nights a belly dancer thoroughly engaged and entertained our entire party, especially the kids.The food is outstanding and the portions are substantial. Unfortunately, I am stuck ordering the Gyro Platter every time because it's so good and so big I just can't bring myself to try anything else. Though when dining with other I often sneak tastes and have never been disappointed.  At least twice a month I start to crave the traditional hummus and lemon potatoes.I have noticed, on occasion, somewhat unhappy tables around us because of service but they seem to be normal experiences when dealing with human beings. We, however, have always had great service and never experienced anything deserving of some of the of the drama-laden reviews people post. I imaging there is always drama where they go.This is on of our favorite West Valley restaurants. Large beers and great food are a difficult mix to complain about.
4	The lunch gyro is always the way to go for me. The meat is very tender and delicious, and their fries are also very very good. Their cups are over sized so when you are paying $2 for an ice tea (like every where else) at least you don't feel completely ripped off here.The service is always fairly quick, and there is not a seat in the house where you can not see a T.V, just incase there is a game on.The only thing that was a little downer was how loud the music was. A group of us from work went there for lunch and WoW.... It was like being in a club. We have been there several times and not had this issue, but last Friday the had it cranked up.
2	Huge portion sizes. Just very bland, season less gyro meat. I sadly wasn't impressed.  If you are basing this place on portion sizes, it is a 5. However, I prefer taste to size of my plate.  I will stick to Zs Greek for my gyro.
1	They're closed!!  Went to go have lunch there today, door was locked, looked inside and it was empty.  Hoping they're opening somewhere else in the area, but no note on the door.  Very sad...
