4	Combination chicken fast food joint and gas station? Yessss! It's so convenient when I need to fill my car and my stomach! Joking aside this Popeye's isn't bad. Pretty much what you expect if you like their chicken. All of the workers seem really nice here too, they normally let you know if they have any specials but I would be sure to ask them just in case. And while you're waiting for your food you can just pop in the gas station store (they're connected). If not, they also have a drive-thru.
5	Great food , this location is inside of a shell station (Circle K products). The popeyes employees don't care if you get a drink from the Circle K side (as long as you order chicken , duh). Great for lunch or dinner. And on tuesdays they have the $1 special.
1	I love POPEYES I would drive 2 hours to get it... but I don't have to now.  Enough said.... there chicken was extreamly dry and not very hot.....cook less more often..... keep it fresh and hot.... I still don't like that you took cajun rice off the menue... they only place to get it is mesa or the airforce base in goodyear.... looks like I'm driving to kingman time....
4	I love popeyes. It's kind of a big deal in the south. This ones not quite the same and takes its sweet time pulling together your order but its still pretty good.
1	Today would have been the first time I would have tried Popeyes chicken after having seen one of their commercials I was drawn in to give it a try.   The commercial advertises that the dippin chicken is available for a limited time and or 4.99 and when I got to the drive thru it was 5.99 but since the food in de commercial looked good I decided to still order it since I am not familiar with their products.  Then the lady in the drive they said they do not have the product anymore.    This was an unpleasant visit.  The image the restaurant gave me was not one to go drive to another location that could have the product.   Not a good first impression ):
3	It's Popeyes. Chicken was good, service was fast, just stopped for a bite to eat before the hockey game so don't know if I'll ever be back but... It's really small and it's inside the Circle K on the corner of thunderbird and 83rd. Parking is scarce unless your getting gas as well.
5	Ok so I just left the restaurant. They were getting ready to close for the night, the 2 young gentleman who help me were amazing, they didn't have everything to complete my order but we're more than helpful and apologetic, I've been to a different Popeyes restaurant and had the complete opposite experience. It was bad enough that I will drive 15 Miles out of my way to this other one every time...
2	Today was a free meal for us provided as an apology from the manager.  About three weeks ago we were on this side of town seeking emergency food.  A long day and it was after my 9 year old's bedtime.  Probably about 9 o'clock.  The service was so horrible I parked my car and walked in to complain.  Instead of offering to make things right I was met with a blank stare.  I basically cussed as I walked out with the wrong order bc it was about 9:20 and my poor kid need to get to sleep so I let her eat the nuggets as we drove home.Ok so let's move beyond the horrible visit of the past and talk about this visit.I was ignored by the only person at the counter when I walked in.  The next guy acknowledged us as he was zooming off to the back of the kitchen area.  They were pleasant, not pleased about giving me free food and had to go "check" with someone in back.  I actually didn't call to complain so I'd get free food.  I called and complained because if they keep acting that way some hot tempered diner is gonna get belligerent in here.  (like in that one YouTube video lol)  They need to change their ways and actually practice better customer service skills.I smiled cracked jokes and treated them all very nicely the entire time I was there, I even offered to pay a different in what we ordered and what they were told we were supposed to be given.  They turned it down but seemed to feel better about themselves since I offered to pay.  I'm not poor, I can pay for my food dang it!.Anyway, food.  Fries and fish were piping hot.  Anything else was heat lamp temperature but still edible.  I am from Louisiana and I've seen a Popeye's funnel thousands of people through in a short amount of time.  I know things can be better than what I've seen at this location lately.  Will I come here again?  Probably, if I am desperate and they are open.Really?  I honestly don't seem myself visiting this particular location anytime in the next year.  I just don't have the time for slow service and mediocre food.  The appearance of the store was mediocre.  Not dirty but definitely not clean.  Crumbs on almost every table and super slow service considering we were one of two customers ordering (drive thru and dining room).  If i am being completely honest, the visit was kind of depressing.  I remember when Popeye's was a special occasion in my family because we were very poor and didn't go out much to eat.  It always reminds me of my mom, brother and I enjoying chicken that was too hot to even touch but we couldn't help try to eat it before it was cool.  This Popeye's reminds me of a stripper working far past her prime.  Someone give this chick some clothes and teach her a skill because clearly this ain't working anymore.
4	I would go here more often if I was given more then $5 for dinner I am sick of crap Donald's for dinner.  The only thing I think they need to do to improve is provide wifi and maybe lower the price on there drinks and food.
