4	Love F&E..... It has easily become one of my favorite grocery stores to shop in.  The selection is top notch and the prices are fantastic, especially when it comes to their F&E label products. Not only is the price right, but the quality ingredients in the products are natural and mostly unprocessed making them a healthy market to buy good in.  The service is always helpful and the layout is easy to navigate.This location on Eastern and Wigwam is a smaller neighborhood market, but carries all the essentials.
4	We don't have a Fresh & Easy Market in the Bay Area yet, but I had to see what to expect when it arrives.  Saw 3 Fresh & Easy stores on my Vegas trip.  Two of them were Closed, but the last one mentioned this store.It's at 8500 S. Eastern Ave @ Wigwam Ave signs says Everday 8am-10p.  12/31/10 8a-8p; Jan 1, 2010 Closed.I saw lots of cheap prices for items.  Kinda like a Trader Joe's.  Lots of packaged produce items, frozen, canned, etc.Stuff I saw:PG Tips 80 for $6.99F&E Baked cheese puffs 5.5 oz $1.59F&E baked cheese curls 9oz $1.99Cheez-It 13.7oz $2.99Pepperridge Farms cookies 7.5oz $2.99F&E Organic honey 16oz $3.49F&E strawberry preserves 17.5 oz $.99Nutella 13oz $3.59; buy 2 for $5Skippy chunky peanut butter $1.99F&E fat free milk $2.49 galDemo for FREE food called The Kitchen Table - I liked it.Hrs M-F 11-7; Sat-Su 10a-6pCan't wait for it to come to the Bay Area!
5	Great prices and quality. Everything is very fresh and a Lot of organic and healthy food. Very efficient
4	(Yet!) another Fresh & Easy that is clean, well-stocked, and has an actual staff that can point you in the right direction.
5	I come here a lot. I live closer to a Walmart, Albertson's and Smith's but I prefer to come here instead. Why? The Walmart is sorta ghetto. The prices here are cheaper than Albertson's and Smith's. The employees are nice and the store is clean. They even have wipes at the front of the store to sanitize the grocery carts. Too bad they close at 10pm which is common for F&E. Wish it was 24 hours!
4	I've been grocery shopping here for a while now. What started us off was the fact that they send coupons in the mail that can be used($3 off $30, $5 off $50 etc.). This store is well stocked and clean and its easy to find most things. Associates are around all the time and are very helpful. The few times I needed specific ingredients, the staff walked with me to show me exactly where the stuff was kept.They also have a membership card that's free to sign up for, and helps you collect points when you shop. I once redeemed $30 worth of groceries thanks to the points I had accumulated!
4	This store is a great place to shop!They carry the most often needed items at a fair price.The staff at this particular store are really good people.  Because of the staff, I would shop here even if the prices were higher.
4	awesome place for fast groceries. loving it!
5	This Fresh & Easy is DEFINITELY Fresh & Easy.  I've stopped in here quite a bit and took no more than 10 minutes to grab everything I needed for the day.  Plus, their 50% off/discount rack usually has tons of goodies that no one seems to want.  I am perfectly okay with that.  Nice people, clean, and easy to check out... proves quite the opposite of "stale & arduous", that's for sure!
4	This will never be my regular grocery store as its nowhere near my residences but its near my office.  One of my Co-workers stops here and brings in fresh baked goods and that had me curious and I have to say I was impressed; it's a nice clean store and the produce is top notch; whenever I get a craving for Jalapeno cheese bread I swing by and pray they still have a loaf (it sells out fast) It's a bit spendy but you are paying for everything being Fresh and of course Easy; The employees have always been helpful and I look forward to coming here every time I get a craving for that bread!
4	Lots of fresh, healthy options and very convenient.
5	Hey I really love this place. The prepackaged meals are awesome. The people that work there are friendly and know what they are talking about. I have gotten really great recommendations on wines there too and theres a decent little wine selection. The store is clean and I can't think of anything I could improve upon.
4	Perfect location if I need something quick!  Definitely price check if you want to do your regular grocery shopping here -- I usually only visit for fresh veggies, tofu and any last-minute items I'm missing for a meal.Some of their items are a little more than a larger grocery store (chips, coffee, frozen goods), but sales & $5 off X amount spent coupons can balance that out.  Sometimes.The discount section begins filling up a little after 4pm usually, so check it out if you want a cheap dinner.  =)Their guacamole is SO GOOD here, but it's sort of pricey.  Thus, it has become a 'special occasion' food.  I wish they had a container half the size of the normal one - would be perfect price-wise and serving-wise
5	So like most people at the beginning of the year, I've been on the whole "Hey, lets get healthy (or in my case, lets get healthier) kick. I've grown tired of eating the same old processed garbage for lunch and dinner... Thank God for Fresh & Easy! Anyone besides me notice that the healthier the food choice, the more it costs? Well not here! The selection is enormous, and the savings are just as big. I went to this particular location for the first time yesterday. I got lunch, dinner, and two beverages for under $7.... that same $7 would have only got me a small value meal for lunch only.On top of the fact that I love the savings, I was also impressed with the friendliness of the staff. I know for a fact I'll be earning the title of  "regular" for this location by the end of the week.
4	I guess everyone knows about my wine find here at Fresh and Easy.  I can't find the one I like anymore.
5	Always love Fresh and Easy.....They are all the same, always kept nice and clean with great service!  I can never complain!  Love that every week they have a 98cent deal on a lot of the produce!
1	FRESH & EASY has become a JOKE!!!! Advertising "Specials" that are Nonexistent. I've just developed a New "Pet-Peeve" Stores(Fresh & Easy) that don't give "Rain-Checks" for Out-of-Stock items (Advertised Specials) and then when they are OFF SALE they magically reappear on the shelf. But you can pay FULL PRICE again. Example - Tri-Tip Steak Sale $2.99 if you scout around(call) half a dozen stores and find one. Same, Pineapple .99 cents but they're OUT OF STOCK!!! Oh, but they just arrived again...Yay if you want to pay $2.99 and the MANAGER said "TOUGH LUCK DUDE....RAIN-CHECKS are NOT OUR POLIC"Y!!! Wow that's a real quote... I'm back to driving a little bit further to Trader Joes where they have some respect for their LOYAL customers!!!!! So, GOOODBYE FRESH-N-EASY I was a LOYALcustomer but now when your stores get boarded up and turn into Trader Joe's or another worthy competitor I won't shed a tear for the FRESH & EASY CORPORATION!!! BYE BYE "DUDE" !!!
4	This is one of the nicer Fresh & Easy locations I've been to. The store was well-stocked and organized. I love when I come when they do markdowns so I was able to get quite a few discounted items, which is my favorite. I also found some Biscoff cookie spread to try. I kept hearing about the Speculoos versions but I refuse to go to trouble to buy something I probably won't even like so I was glad to try this one in a store that had plenty to choose from. I didn't end up liking the spread, so glad I didn't go to much effort to find it. Overall, one of my favorite store locations. I'll definitely be back when I'm in the area.
4	Love their prepped meals like the mango chicken.Their wraps and sandwiches are pretty basic but good as well, and good value.Extra props to the lady up front I always see - always super friendly and sweet (I need to learn her name!  ...Duh).  Anyways service is great :)
2	I love Fresh and Easy. They are my go-to market. However, in the last four days I've bought rotten whipping cream and chocolate pudding, tortellini. Like I opened them THE SAME DAY and the whipping cream was chunky but the expiration was February 4th! The chocolate pudding had a dime sized mold spore in it and my tortellini had two rotten pieces in it. GROSS.I am giving the one on Bermuda a try from now on. I don't care how close this one is to me or how nice their employees are. I'm done wasting my money on rotten food.
5	I'm so happy this store exists and is down the street from my house! I love the conscience factor along with all the items they carry! I have begun doing the majority of my shopping there and find I'm not missing the big chain stores. If you just need milk or, are grabbing a quick convenient meal or doing you're full on grocery shopping this store won't let you down!
4	I am so glad that my neighborhood Fresh & Easy is even more awesome now than it was before. Not to mention it's open 24 hrs, which is perfect for insmoniacs like myself! I couldn't be happier with all the recent changes. The new organic products are especially great and each time I pay a visit they seem to carry something new. The employees are all very friendly and energetic, offering help as soon as you walk in the door & will make conversation with you whenever they get the chance. You really do feel right at home when you walk through the doors, which is something you rarely find. The only downside, I can't fill my water gallons here...but I'll keep mentioning it to the staff in hopes that'll change one day soon. In the meantime it won't stop me from coming back time and time again!
5	I love this fresh and easy! We went there last night at 11pm, didn't know they were open 24 hours. The staff was so nice asked us several times if we needed help. The store is very very convenient with pre packages meals that you can cook knowing the calorie count, prep time ext... I will go back often thank you
5	It's less than a block away from my house and the staff there are always friendly. I love going there late night for pre-made meals, way healthier than fast food.
1	Walked in at 12:30 pm to grab ice cream. Over 20 workers were inside cutting the concrete floor down the middle. Stores open, we get our ice cream and move on. Shouldn't they have protected all the produce from concrete dust? The entire store was covered. Why is the store still open? Shut it down for a night.
3	Stopped in here to grab some packaged food for breakfast and lunch and wasn't expecting much. Most F&Es are pretty bare bones, which is fine because it is part of their business model to keep prices low. I was pretty impressed by the availability of hot coffee and fresh-squeezed orange juice and how big the physical space was.There were not too many options for packaged breakfast, even at 7.30 AM. There was 1 whole wheat bagel with cream cheese & lox, and 1 yogurt "parfait" with granola & berries. Wish there were more "breakfast" items and options, as there were quite a few lunch options available. I was in a rush, so I didn't get a chance to look at all the actual grocery items. The space is so big, I'm sure they have lots of good stuff, but I'll have to come back and take a closer look next time.
2	A beautiful store resulted after the recent remodel, but it looks like the improvements stopped there.  Pre-made and shrink wrap still best describe a good deal of the product available here.  Many items have a very short shelf life.  Sorry, but I enjoy cooking at home and unfortunately will have to do the bulk of my shopping elsewhere when I find that F&E does not represent good value for my dollar.In visiting your new so-called "food island", I used one of the coupons from the recent mailer.  Employee training appears to be sorely lacking. In the amount of time it took this employee to prepare the item, I almost could have gone home and prepared it myself in less time.  I would hate to think how much time would be involved if there were several people waiting in line.  Besides it was not much more than a couple bites.During several recent visits, each and EVERY time, there have been one or more scanning errors.  Yes, they were corrected but it should not take more time to get through the register than to pick up the items that one is purchasing.
