3	Nice place for lunch or an early dinner. If you get there early, you'll get a table right away. Otherwise, you may be out of luck, as it is quite small. Their soups are quite tasty and flavorful. The salad, I could've lived without. It was kind of wilty and blah. The empanadas are delicious, despite the cilantro. They have a hearty, starchy filling and a light pastry crust. If they have the chile relleno special - get it! It's unlike any relleno you have ever had. Instead of being chocked full of cheese, it is filled with a melange of beans and other goodies.The shrimp cocktail is a must-try too -- mostly for the salsa and avocados they are served on. The rest of it was kind of meh. We ended up scooping out the other bits and slathering it on the rest of our food.Come early and come hungry!
5	Fuego is appropriately named, because this place is on fire. I'm not a big fan of Nuevo Latino places, because usually they underdeliver and end being more Mexican than Latin American. The setting here couldn't be better.  Stop the presses.  Finally a restaurant.....not...in...a...strip....mall.  It feels like it's a neighborhood cafe you would find in New York or something. It's located on a side street off 7th St. and Bethany Home in a cozy courtyard building.  Kind of hidden. About 10 tables in the whole restaurant and a few patio tables.The food here is outstanding.  For apps, we had empanadas and the coconut scrimps. It seriously had to be the best empanada I have ever had.  The pastry crust had just the right texture of flakes and bubbles.  It was filled with ground beef and herbs and topped with black beans, corn and pepper jack cheese.Get the Pernil asado.  It's oddly reminscent of the cochinita pibil at Barrio, but better.  Drinks were pretty cheap ($5 Bacardi and coke), and the service was great.  The owner served us.  He was casual wearing a black hoodie, so it caught us off guard, but he was quick and attentive.I really couldn't find anything wrong with the place, but don't feel it's entirely a 5 star place.  4.5 stars.
4	Unique and so well hidden!  Food is delicious, Ensalada Pollo is quite appetizing!  Must say, the wait for your food is quite long for being such a small place, but it was worth waiting for.  Hope I get to sit outside next time as it has such a nice feel to it.  Not a place to go with a big group.
4	My wife and I discovered this place at the last second...And it was worth the effort.  Fuego is small, hidden and cozy...And by cozy, I mean really cozy.  If you don't mind the occasional table bump by patrons and staff alike, then your fine.       I had the Pernil Asado..Awesome!  Soft, flavorful and very well done.  The jalapeno creamed corn was good, but not spicy enough.  It is all about the mashed potato with cheddar!  My wife had the surf and turf and loved it...     It is out of the way and a bit hard to find, but totally worth the search.  Come hungry and leave happy!
4	I ate at Fuego Bistro last night for the first time and can say the food is quite DEEELISH (*snaps fingers*).  As the previous reviewers mentioned, it is a cozy quaint restaurant adorned with Diego Rivera prints.  I had a pork dish (sorry don't remember its proper name) with cream corn and mashed potatoes ($19), fantastic to the taste.  And I imbimbed a terrific Mai Tai ($9).  The service too was terrific.  I'm told the Bistro is busier on weekends, so you may wish set a reservation or dine on a week night.
4	I stumbled upon this place on my way to Dicks Hideaway.. The sign outside, located just off 7th St. and Bethany Home drew me in.. I love Latin food and they do not let you down. I have since been there 3 times and overall my dining experience has been good.The place is hidden and only has about 10 tables inside the restaurant and there are a few patio tables also. The on my first visit I had the tropical shrimp martini for an app, then went with the special - a crab stuffed chili relleno. It was so good I was disappointed the second visit when it was no longer a feature.. I've also tried the tilapia and it was equally good. And their sangria is wonderful, I could drink a gallon, but it is pretty strong so maybe that is not the best idea :)The only drawbacks? On my third visits I sat on the patio, there is a dance studio next door and they play their music very loud while practicing routines. We had to listen to the same chorus line thought the entire meal, I think that song has been permanently engraved in my brain, and it was not a good song. Another disappointing thing was the pernil asado, I am big pork fan but what they served was a big, greasy and fatty mess, I will not try that entree again. Overall the food is pretty delicious and the place has a great ambience (if you are not sitting outside during dance class). You feel so cool discovering such a hidden and quaint spot you want to tell everyone about it.
5	Fuego Bistro is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix, if not my #1 favorite.  I was asked to attend a surprise anniversary dinner there a couple years ago, and since then I have returned many times for lunch and dinner.Everyone has mentioned the food and how wonderful it is, and I am in complete agreement.  The Chipotle Cheddar Mashed Potatoes and Jalapeo Creamed Corn are amazing; I would go for those sides alone!  The appetizers are generous and the drinks are delicious.  Great all-around.I will assume the generous portions have left the other reviewers too full to even consider ordering dessert; that's the only reason I can imagine not mentioning them here.  On my first visit, I ordered the Pastel de Tres Leches and fell in love.  The huge slice of cake wasn't your run-of-the mill Tres Leches.  It had an amazing mango or guava filling between each slice of cake and was pure heaven.  Also wonderful is the fried ice cream, banana empanada (I'm not certain that's what it's called), and the key lime pie.  So good!My one and only complaint about this wonderful place is that they will not under any circumstances split the bill.  They will allow you to use multiple credit cards and cash, but you have to do the math on your own.  This is only tricky when you're with a large group, but even then, it's well worth it when you've enjoyed an amazing meal, tasty drinks, and were given top-notch, friendly service.
4	I went with Melissa, Tiffany and Anthony today for lunch-what a cute little place!!  The food is pretty killer too, I had empanandas with onion rings and I cleaned my plate-really good very, very slight greasy on the end of the empanada, but others would have crested much sooner.Usually I get to sample other dishes but my companions were fully content keeping everything for themselves at this place, a testament to the quality of food being offered.  Thusly the four star rating, I feel it has five star potential and will update if it is necessary!
4	Liked it when it was Cafe Del Sol, like it as Fuego Bistro! When my BFF (aka Sisterwife) and I want some down home comfort food escape from work, this is were we head. We've enjoyed everything ordered to varying degrees... Sopas - yum, Empanadas - yum, Frita Cubano (their hamburger) - yum, Panini Cubano - yum, Pan con Pernil Asado (pulled pork with red cabbage) - yum, Pan con Ropa Vieja - yum yum, Pan con Bistec (OMG the bleu cheese is perfection) - yum yum yum. In fact the only thing that has ever left me wanting for more on the lunch menu has been the Quiche de Espinaca... it was good, just not OMG good like the rest.If you go for dinner, get the Southwest Crab Cakes and regardless of when you go or  what you get, leave room for desert. Or be really naughty and just get desert! They are all sinful and totally worth the calories!!!Service is typically quite good. If you go when it isn't fire truck'n hot, sit outside and enjoy the lovely patio. It's less claustrophobic than the intimate interior and has a more relaxed feeling. And if you go on Friday or Saturday nights, they have some great live jazz to spice things up even more. One last thing that I beleive makes them unique is that in addition to normal catering services, they will do mid-week business lunches. For anyone that has to pull together meal options for meetings, this is one sure hit!
5	108 F one August evening, I scoured the streets of Phoenix looking for this tucked away little place.  When I arrived there was nobody in the outer courtyard, even with the misting vents going full blast, but the tiny interior was hopping.  I sat at the bar and had a mango mojito and the special, a delicious seafood enchilada with scallops and crab. Food aside, this place has a 5-star vibe.  There were young groups, older groups, couples on dates, businessmen, the whole range in this place.  It felt like eating at a your friendly neighborhood eatery but with hipper decor and enthusiastic, attentive staff.
4	This place is a gem. It's a bit tucked away. It kinda felt like I was going on a bit of adventure. The restaurant was very small and oh so cozy. Just they way I likem. We had the Rock Shrimp breaded in coconut accompanied by a Thai Chili Dipping Sauce it was delicious. My main course was the Chicken breast stuffed with goat cheese, apricot, basil, spinach, shrimp and crimini mushrooms finished in a balsamic reduction glaze it was yummy. Service was on Point. I would so go again.
2	The reviews go to show that trendy new spots get rave reviews no matter how good the food is. I can say that the service was very good. To start the waitress said that Fuego makes the best mojito in town and I was so intrigued because in my mind Havana Cafe makes the best Mojito I have ever had. The mojito at Fuego doesn't stand a chance, all you could taste was the booze, no lime or mint, or sweet, just booze. We ordered the coconut shrimp to start, for -----'s sake I wouldn't be surprised if they went to Trader Joe's frozen section brought them back to the restaurant to deep fry them and there you have it the most over prices effortless appetizer you have ever sunk your teeth into. I ordered the scallops which didn't melt in my mouth, as a matter of fact they were chewy and under cooked, I was pretty disappointed, not only because of the price but because I can do much better at home in my own kitchen. My friends ordered the chicken dish and the pork. The chicken was cooked well I just didn't like the flavor combinations together. The pork was great, it had great flavor and was nice and moist. We ordered dessert and the tres leches cake was very good and the cream cheese flan is really creme brulee so if you are looking for flan drive down the street to Richardson's. Actually it will cost you about the same and the food will be 100% better the only difference would be the wait, at Richarson's on a Saturday night you might wait an hour but at fuego you will sit right down, hum? Need i say more, O 1 last thing, the presentation was sub-par. For the delicacies on the menu I was expecting presentation not piles of food plopped randomly on a plate.
4	I dined at this location a couple times while it was Cafe del Sol (delish!), but recently decided to meet a friend here for lunch and give Fuego a whirl.  The place was almost empty, maybe 2 or 3 parties of two. Our server was nice, a little slow, but nice. I ordered the fish tacos and mi amiga ordered the empanada. The food was great. The tacos were marvelous. Flavorful and succulent. Mmm. Unfortunately, I ate everything on my plate and didn't feel completely satisfied. For a $10 lunch plate I was a little bummed. Oh well. Have yet to try dinner, but the husband and I have a couple of VIP cards for entrees so we'll have to hit it up soon.
4	Great food, we regularly go here, best bartender, great drinks...the only thing is, I wish they were open later, we've gone there several times at 9pm to find them closing for the evening...please Fuego, please stay open later!
3	This place has a cool hidden-away location and the waitstaff is very attentive, but the food was just OK.  I ordered the stuffed chicken with greens beans and an iced tea and this total out to $27 with tax and tip.  The chicken was sort of a roll of chicken breast  with mushroom stuffing which was flavorful, however, the chicken itself was dry and need more seasoning.  The green beans were just OK too.  Nothing that wowed me.
4	I really enjoyed Fuego. I went with an old coworker who is an uber-foodie to say the least. We would attempt 1 new to both of us restaurant at least once a week. Fuego was my choice. Being that my family is from Argentina I get some AMAZING South American home cooking, not to mention my own mad cooking skillz passed down from my Abuela. This place is a little tucked away and only has about 10 tables in the dining area. We got there right at noon and took the second to last table available and there was a steady stream of people coming and going as we sat. I had the Pan Con Ropa Vieja, a braised beef sandwich. My beef was so tender and flavorful! My uber-foodie friend did not LOVE it though but I can also say that she isn't a huge fan of South American cuisine. The service was also great!
5	Fuego Bistro is my favorite place for a date night or for taking friends out for appetizers and yummy drinks.  Hands down, they make the best mixed drinks in town!!  I love the drink menu and the wine selection is awesome!!  The appetizers are wonderful, the empanadas are the best, full of flavor and the dipping sauce adds some extra heat.  They plate their food like art!   I also LOVE the Tropical Shrimp Martini!  The avocado mango salsa is so sweet and wonderful.  The chips are made in house and are so crispy and flavorful!I adore the Ropa Vieja.  It's the most tender meat I have ever had!  It's so full of flavor.  I also really love the Pernil Asado.  It's also so tender and full of wonderful spices.  The sides are to die for.  I love the Arroz Con Gandules!  The Jalapeno Cream Corn is so awesome and flavorfull, a fun and different kind of side that I always ask for.  I also enjoy the salads at lunch.  They are fantastic and full of flavor!  What I love about Fuego Bistro is it's different, not the same kind of menu items you find at other places in the valley.   I take my out-of-town guests there all the time for a fun and unique experience for them.  They all love going and ask to go everytime they are in town.Fuego Bistro is the perfect size place to feel welcome everytime I go, not such a big chain restaurant.  The servers and bartenders are so friendly, so is the owner.  It's tucked away in a cute courtyard.  When I'm there, I feel like I'm out of the city and in a quaint small town in Mexico.  Please take my advice and find your way to Fuego Bistro.  You won't be disappointed!
3	I had high hopes. Obama is our president...the Cardnials are one win away from the super bowl....things are looking good. I would have to say that Fuego didn't live up to the expectations. The prices are a bit high (20$ per plate) for the style of the place (casual) and for the food itself. It was good, but not great. We had the empanadas. Interesting...but try them at Mi Cocina Mi Pais (great!). Fuego's are good...but too much pastry...and a sauce that tasted like a wing sauce (like would be great on hot wings but overwhelmed the empanadas). The drinks were good but again not amazing. Mismatched glasses and plates (I mean that is sort of cute, but not for a nice dinner out).The Ropa and the Pernil were good. The corn was ok (not enough flavor) and the mashed potatoes were overpowered with chipotle flavor (which I usually like)Everyone was nice. Our server was a little too familar...but whatever. There was this really sad folksy music playing. For a cuban/latin place, get some freaking latin cuban music.   The music made the whole vibe a bit odd.  I felt I should go get high afterwards and think about the sadness in this world...:)   But (my wife is making me say this)...the singer was talented. Keep up the good work buddy, maybe at a different venue.Overall, it was ok. Not worth the drive and probably won't be coming back. With so many other great places in PHX, this one needs some fine tunning to be amoung the list.
3	Fuego Bistro has some good points. I tried it today during my lunch hour. 1) It's about 45 seconds from my office. Freaky. 2) They serve meatloaf as a special and it was char-broiled. Crazy. 3) They have a nice patio. I arrived a bit early (note 1) and waited for the very friendly waitress to exit the kitchen. She seated me on the patio after wiping down the table and chairs after an overnight rain shower had hit. I could tell they were definitely behind on the opening of the restaurant for that day, but once we were seated, they were very attentive. The black beans that came with my meatloaf were delicious, and the rice was good, too. My friend ordered the empanadas and appeared to enjoy them immensely. It's probably not a place I would crave (generally speaking), but if I had another South American food craving or a random meatloaf craving, this is probably the most convenient place for me to satisfy it. Prices were in the $8--12 range for lunch, higher for dinner.
3	so my review caused some hard feelings with the owner...i have to believe he felt attacked by some of my non food comments.i just want to be clear. i was trying to be funny not hurtful. i stand by the 3 star review for the food (for me personally it was good but not great, hence the 3 stars). But the staff was very nice to us and if you are close to this place, it is certainly worth a visit.finally, i am a HUGE fan of small, local owned restaurants....so if for no other reason, this place deserves a visit just because it is fighting against the chain mentality in PHX.
4	Went to Fuego again the other night and was equally impressed. I got the Camarones Patron (which I think is my favorite dish so far) and it was spicy and delicious. The service was excellent as was the Sangria.
5	My husband and I went to Fuego Bistro for Valentine's Dinner.  I'm glad I made a reservation a few weeks before because otherwise there were no tables to be had.  We started with cocktails - I highly recommend the Sangria - it was wonderful!  They had an extensive wine list that we also both enjoyed.  We started with Tapas - the crab cakes and empanadas.  I am not a huge crab fan, but the crab cakes were to die for!  There was a mild pesto sauce that the crab cake sat in and a chutney for dipping.  It really pulled all the flavors out.  The empanadas were spicey and tangy enveloped in a fresh, flakey pastry that was excellent.  For entrees my husband had the steak, which he loved and I had the pork.  Although it was a bit fatty it was really flavorful.  We both had the chipotle cheddar potatoes and creamed corn which were out of this world! We ended the evening sharing the chocolate torte, which although rich was decadent and the tres leche cake which might be the best I've ever had.  Overall the evening was excellent, the service wonderful and it was a romantic evening.
4	The Chili Relleno is wonderful! There are a few other things on the menu I would like to try if I can get past it. It's quite large and stuffed with chicken,cheese,cilantro & onion. It came with black beans which are okay but, not my favorire and rice that was very tasty indeed. I also tried the flan which was excellent. I thought was food was very good and it was also presented beautifully. Yellow rice next to purple cabbage arranged to be pleasing to the eye. The flan had a dollop of whipped cream, a scattering of nuts and carmel sauce drizzled in a zig zag pattern. Food that is tasty and beautiful. I will be going here again.
4	Fuego Bistro IS a 5 star IF I could figure how to "roll" over the stars with my Iphone. Here's why:1. Patio is gorgeous with great live music. 2. Dinners are flavorful, especially the roasted pork, creamed corn, and mashed potatoes. Mmm.3. Best drinks in town AND they don't overcharge for good liquor. 4. Love the service.5. VIP card is additional value, if they still offer. Menus are cool too. Yes! They do take reservations!
5	The ONLY bad thing about this place is the location - it's hidden in a gem of a patio locale in the middle of north central phoenix.  You won't find it if you don't know where to go...so call ahead and ask for specific directions.That being said, I was STUNNED at how goo this place was.  I love the Sangria, and the shrip cocktail is so unique I hate that I just called it a cocktail.I want my VIP card...how does that work?  I would go all the time...if it was open later and on Monday (divorced single mom who goes on dates on Monday nights.)
4	The food here is excellent. They experiment a little too much with the cilantro, but aside from that it is very good. The food is a fusion of different Latin American dishes, ranging from cuban to Argentine. Their steak de vaquero is absolutely delicious. You can't go wrong.Their pollo ajadrea was a bit on the fruity side for me. In my opinion the apricots were a bit too much.The camarones de patron had a good bite too them. Very savory.The ropa vieja was good...but I've been spoiled by my father's.If you decide to sit outside keep in mind that they share a plaza with a dance studio. A number of times I have been bombarded with the likes of Britney Spears.This is a fairly pricey place. Be prepared for a bill you would be accustomed to pay at a very nice restaurant.Good for dates or taking your parents out for a nice meal.
4	I thought I was having an affair.....but, I was here with my wife.  Really, this place is tucked away behind Apollo's on 7th Street, and I mean tucked away, in a small squarish strip center with a workout place and a psychic reading business. So, you can eat, workout and find out about your future love life all at one time.The food here is wonderful with a strong Latin influence.  One of my favorite things on the menu is the creamed corn...holy crap...where do you see creamed corn on a restaurant menu these days outside of Mississippi. This creamed corn is absolutely devine and pairs well with many of the main dishes on the menu.  The shrimp is good, the latin style pork roast is my favorite, and the price is reasonable as long as you don't get carried away with the wine.....yeah...nothing seems to be reasonable for us.  The wine list is compact but very good.  The sangria is also very good, not Lola's Tapas good, but Ticoz good, which is pretty darn good.  A nice shot of brandy in the sangria can be a big help.The patio is good when the weather is nice, and the interior is small, but charming.  You can often find the owner present and chit chatting with the patrons or eating dinner with his family.All in all, great place to bring your wife....or your girlfriend (just kidding honey, this is our place...... I'll take my girlfriend to Durants.)  Waiting for the slap.
5	The food here is soooo good!  The first time I came I had to try the chicken chili relleno, as it came so highly recommended. I was not disappointed! It's your basic chili relleno kicked up a notch with the addition of tender pieces of chicken, cheese, onion, and black beans to the filling.  Oh, and it's also GIGANTIC, so come hungry. Although I usually get the chili relleno when I'm here, I've also tried a few other things like the chicken enchiladas. Mmm, chicken, cheese, and a creamy enchilada sauce. So good! The drinks here are also fantastic - I love the sangria, but also enjoy their mojitos.The restaurant itself is so quaint; by that I mean tiny but very nice inside. They do have an outdoor patio, which is great during cooler months and helps with the space issue. Service is quick and attentive. I'm cheap, so I tend to go here for lunch when the prices are a bit lower, but the food is just as delicious.
4	Charming little location.  The small courtyard is a beautiful place to have a nice dinner with friends.  There is also a couple of tables inside.  The waitstaff was excellent.  Very attentive.   They knew the menu well and could answer any question.The food was good.  Just not as good as some of the Cuban restaurants in Florida.  I was expecting the Pernil asado to have more flavor.  It was a bit bland.  The Ropa Vieja was good.  The Pollo Ajedrea was excellent.  I loved the jalapeno creamed corn except I couldn't taste the jalapeno.  The black beans were delicious.Disappointed in the Mojitos. The standard and pomegranate ones were good.  Some of the other flavored mojitos lacked flavor.  I would try adding fresh fruit and schnapps to the mixture.  For $9.00 I expected something a little more.
4	The food was pretty damn good.The drinks, also damn good.I tried their special seafood enchiladas which were stuffed with goat cheese, shrimp, crab and scallops, all topped with a creamy tomatillo sauce.  YUM.The creamed corn and chipotle mashed potatoes, also YUM.We sat on the patio and watched a dance class happen next door.My one and only complaint.... the table.  The actual table itself.  It was wooden, and very pokey.  Like, we all thought we were going to get splinters.  Not nice.
3	*Update- Their leftovers make a good meal the next day. Actually, I think I enjoyed them more than I did when I was there! I was really excited to go to Fuego Bistro on one of the last days of AZ Restaurant week. However, I left feeling like I was missing something.The choices for the three courses sound and look really good on paper but must have been mistranslated.I had the classic Fuego Empanadas, the chicken with cheddar chipotle mashed potatoes and green beans, and the cream cheese flan.First, the empanadas. While the filling was delicious, it wasn't any better than my mother's picadillo (which says a lot because she isn't the world's best cook) and the empanada itself tasted...off. I think the flour they use could be better. It just had a very bleached baking flour taste to it. I did like the corn/black bean/cheese mix on top and the sauce that accompanies it was very tasty.The chicken with apricots and goat cheese was next. I have to give them major credit for the cheddar chipotle mashed potatoes, the chicken was a little dry and the goat cheese was tasteless. I really thought that the apricot or the mushroom would give it a flavor but no. However, the balsamic sauce on top was delightful. You SHOULD try the potatoes. Finally, the flan. I did enjoy the flan but I wonder why they make it so thick. I don't like a watery flan as much as the next person, but this was pretty thick! The sweet marmalade type sauce (I believe it was raspberry) confused me but I still wanted to take a finger and lick it off the plate.On a side note, perhaps it is my single-ness coming out, but there were some obnoxious kids running around. This normally doesn't bother me, but one in particular would start to cry for what seemed to be no reason at all. I put "good for kids" because the owner/waitresses/staff did not seem to mind them. Overall- Not amazing, but still decent. I'd go again if my boyfriend paid for me and maybe order a seafood dish. The staff was great, very friendly and super attentive.
4	This is my second food review. Still new at this... Mojitos rocked!! And so did our fabulous bartender (going blank on name) he even checked on us during the dinner. Jeff the owner, Kevin (yes you Kevin) were the hosts with the most!! Kevin gave recommendations and was dead on with each course. Jeff was so sweet and checked in on us as well. Fuego has a great patio with a guitarist on Fri/Sat nights. A relaxing fountain added to the atmosphere. My friend and I started with the House specialty empenadas with ground beef, cumin, garlic, and peppers (I forgot to get pics) and I chose the Pernil Asado Nachos with homemade guacamole with shredded pork..We also ordered the CUBAN FEAST: Pernil Asado, Ropa Veija, Plantains, Arroz Gondules, and Cuban black beans and seafood enchiladas with cheddar chipotle mashed potatoes and spicy creamed corn. They didn't have the full menu that I saw on line but still had great selections. And for desert the Baked Flourless chocolate torte with dark chocolate chile sauce..All of which got put into a doggie bag for later. The portions were huge. The atmosphere was relaxing. I would go back again...Especially for the mojitos.. Check this place out its a wonderful little hideaway in Central Phoenix.
5	Fuego Bistro is on the top of my list for Cen Pho dining. After the first time I went, Kevin (the host) has always remembered my name and that I perform improv.ALWAYS ASK ABOUT THE SPECIAL.That being said, the pork is unbelievable! As is the apricot chicken. I would recommend getting the cream corn with either the Orzo or the mash potatoes. But honestly, it would be hard to go wrong with about anything on the menu, including deserts. They have an unbelievable banana burrito desert.I always make reservations, even on a Wednesday... weekends are packed! The best time of year to go is Fall and April. Unless you are one of the first 15 or so you will be sitting out on the patio, which is beautiful and quaint.
4	No place does a better job of transporting you from a nondescript commercial corner of central Phoenix to a quaint open air patio of San Juan better then Fuego.  It will utterly surprise you how comfortable that spot is.  It definitely eases you into a singular culinary experience.The menu is relatively small but that's not a problem.  Every dish is percolating with flavor.  The Cuban-southwestern fusion that they've got going on is enough to make Fidel wonder if he should foment a revolution out here....just so he could get closer to these dishes.  The pork dish is on par with the Barrio Cafe Cochinita Pibil in terms of bliss. But the nod goes to Fuego when you consider the incredible sides, namely the jalapeno creamed corn and mashed potatoes.  The tilapia is also an item worth the return visit.  A great restaurant, in my opinion, is a combination of several things namely food, service, and location.  The Fuego excels on all three counts.  Drop by and experience what it is like to escape Phoenix while still being in Phoenix.
5	i gave this place 5 stars even though my mojito was really not good at all despite their status by the new york times. i actually didn't even have more than a few sips of it, it was that bad. BUT! onto the good things. first off, puerto rican and cuban food is hard to come by so when i found this place on yelp and i was in arizona, i HAD to go. And, i wasn't dissapointed. everything i ate was so good. i had the empanadas app. they were good but when you put that sauce on them, it makes them even better. i had the ropa vieja with arroz con gandules y black beans. omg! everything was so yummy. the meat was tender and flavorful like my mamas! and the arroz was good along with the beans, they both had good flavor. i had the cheesecake flan which was equally good. i stuffed it down despite the fact that i was full. the service was great. the atmosphere was chill. there was a guy performing jazz on the patio which set the mood. it was really a nice place and if i lived closer, i would be back often. i only have 1 suggestion. you should have cafe con leche on the menu instead of just plain old coffee :)
4	I would of given this place 5 stars if it weren't for the odd waitor & the not so good white sangria. Our waitor wouldn't let our plates touch other plates & paused saying "I'll wait until their done talking to continue" when giving the specials because our friends discussed what he had just said. Weird. Despite him, the food was excellent. The ceasar dressing is tangy & different, but good. I loved the beef & that it was so tender & flavorful. It's a cute, hidden place great for a date night. It's fun that there's a dance studio right next door as well. I'll go back & see if I get can get a different waitor.
5	Amazing food, ultra cozy atmosphere, and a huge patio (a little too cold for the patio tonight). The owner operators are obviously passionate about great food and great cocktails.I had the Scallops and she tried the Pork... both done to perfection. Try the creamed corn with jalapenos for a side!!!The menu is simple yet diverse (steak, chicken, pork, shrimp, scallops and fish), and they also offer nightly specials if you burn through the menu too quickly. Highly recommended for a romantic dinner... I will be back to try lunch next time I'm in the area.This gem is off a side street near 7th and Bethany, and in a courtyard off of that street... Good luck finding it :) *Thanks goes to Groupon for helping me find this place...
5	Fuego Bistro: This is what a bistro should be. Had it not been for a great deal on Groupon, I don't know if Robert M and I would have made it for dinner here. It's not that we hadn't thought about it, it's just that it's oddly located. But that's neither here nor there, because last night we dined--and we dined well. We started our date with sangria--Robert the white and I the red. Initially I thought I'd erred in my decision (the white was fruity and intense while the first taste of the red was merely okay). But then the complexity of the red unfolded, as spices piqued out and enveloped the glass. Either way, both are exceptional. Our first course was the empenadas. In a word: Magnificent! The perfectly flaky crust and the robust filling could be an entire meal of its own. I, however, would do away with the hot sauce served on the side. Just a preference, or if they had a house salsa that would be good. Main course was the Pollo Ajedrea for Robert and the daily special (chile rellenos stuffed with scallops, shrimp and tilapia) for me. Sides were chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes for both of us and black beans for Rob and green beans for myself. After sampling our own entrees, we tried each other's. To be honest, after being blown away by my dish, the chicken was a bit flat, and that by no means indicates it wasn't very good. It's just that I was so amazed by the chile rellenos. It was one of the things of which I dreamt last night. Those mashed potatoes were another thing dancing through my head. :dreamy eyes: It's located in a ballet studio complex, which is enchanting. There is also a lovely patio which some braved the cold last night on which to dine and be entertained by a local musician. Once the weather becomes more tolerable, I'll give it a go. Service was fantastic! Susan was genuinely friendly, as if we were regulars, and cemented the deal that we would be back again and again. Fuego Bistro has an incredible happy hour, from what I understand, that runs from 3-6 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday. Yes, boys and girls, I said Saturday. They have about two dozen items from their menu for $5 (including those empenadas) and assorted cocktails. This could turn in to a sordid love affair, if I don't mind myself.
5	My friend and I had such a wonderful happy hour here. After a whole day of driving around the Valley, it was so relaxing to go into the beautiful patio and indulge in made-from-scratch sangria. Our host and our server, who were a pleasure to talk to, guided us through the happy hour menu and we decided to have the ropa sliders, followed by the pernil asado sliders - both excellent.  We capped off the evening with the creamy decadence of their banana burrito, then headed out into the cool January night warmed by our pleasurable experience at this charming place.
5	Tried Fuego on a local Groupon today. When the menus came out printed on aluminum, I knew we were in for a treat. Any place that has the guts to print a menu on metal knows what's good!The highlight of our meal was the chef's special tostadas. Small fried tortillas with a guacamole spread, the perfect balance of veggies and cheese, and topped with a chipotle aioli.We had the scallops de jalapeno, and the ropa vieja. Both excellent meals.As they call it, a Latin-Southwest fusion, Fuego executes this perfectly.
5	Not a ton I can add that hasn't already been covered.  This place is suhweeeeeeet!  When you make reservations, which you should definitely do, make sure to request the patio.  It's spacious and although I get colder faster than any Phoenix native, I was fine even in early February weather.  The food was phenomenal - I had the Tilapia and my lovely companion had some sort of stuffed chicken deal that was too complicated for me to figure out. The drinks are strong for being in a restaurant - a huge plus for me.  The mojito is definitely worth a shot.  Take great food, a great atmosphere, attentive wait staff, and throw in a guy playing acoustic covers of slower indie songs (think Decemberists) and you've got a winning combination!
4	Thank you Groupon for introducing me to another delightful place to eat.Had I not seen this on Groupon, there's no way I would have ever known it was tucked away on this side street.Great Patio..went on saturday night (made reservations) and waited the extra 10 min to sit outside.There was a band playing..what a nice treat!Food was great, as everyone else has raved. We had the empanadas to start-I had the ropa vieja, which was a tad greasier than I had anticipated. It was still good though.Husband has the Pernil (pork), also very good.Good service, and nice ambiance.
4	Last Saturday was my father's 65th birthday. We ordered catering for about 40 people. Just about everything came through with flying colors. The caterer/part owner showed up exactly on time. He was very positive, but was not underfoot during the setup of the party. All of the food was just about perfect at the serving time. I thought the lentils could have been a little softer, but aside from that: the ropa vieja and pernil were very tender, the beans were perfectly cooked and spiced, and the salad tasted great.
5	We went there last night upon recommendation from the manager at our hotel, and were not disappointed.  We did have a reservation for 7:00, but since it was a Thursday night, there would probably have been no problem just walking in at that time.  We ate inside (loved the decor!), but would have been equally comfortable (temperature-wise) eating outside as it was a temperate evening and they did have heaters if it got cold.The restaurant is a little hard to find, but they do a good job with sandwich boards on the sidewalk pointing you to the restaurant, and it's totally worth the search.  If you have a GPS, that'll help, otherwise look for the signs and park in the lot to the left of the restaurant and the little cluster of businesses it's in.I had the Tilapia Incrustado with sides of the cheddar mashed potatoes and jalapeno creamed corn, and he had the Ropa Vieja with sides of Arroz con Gandule and black beans.  Both were very well done with good flavors in all items.  He really liked the sangria, and had a basic mojito with 10K added during dessert.  The Banana Buritto for dessert was delicious.  We were happily full from the meal.  Yum!Service was a tick slow, but there were only the two guys working the tables.  They never forgot anything we asked for, tho', even if they had multiple tables' of things to remember.  Entree prices are moderate, altho' adding drinks and desserts puts it in the "spendy" category.We were extremely pleased to get the Yelp 20% discount ($14.95 for us) just by asking for it.   We're not local to Phoenix, but would definitely come back on future visits to the city.
4	Went there for a special night out with my partner.  We were greeted promptly and seated outside.  The patio is nice with a charm that only Phoenix can offer.  We looked over the menu and were pleased with the choices.Our appetizer choice were the empanadas which were quite flavorful.  I was crazy about the empanada dough they used, but it was passable.  The wonderful spiced empanada filling and crazy hot sauce fusion made up for the sub-par empanada dough.We also had the chorizo and bean soup.  The blend of flavors in the soup was really fantastic.  We were both pleased with the soup.  It was also moderately priced at $3.00 per cup. For entrees I had the Crusted Talapia.  It had a strange, yet flavorful sauce that it was served in.  For sides I had the arroz con gradules and the chipotle mashed potatoes.  Both my sides were great.  My partner had the Pork.  It was good, if a little fatty, but it had a wonderful marinated flavor to it.  For sides he also had the mashed potatoes (he raved about them too) and the jalapeno creamed corn.  The creamed corn was really good.  My entree was $19.  His entree was $18.For dessert we had the banana burrito.  WOW!  This was so decadent, but we both ate it voraciously.  Drinks were good.  The martini my partner had was an interesting fusion of flavors.  I had their sangria which I found enjoyable enough, even if not on the fruity side.  All in all we would definitely go back to the Fuego Bistro.
4	I tried Fuego for my birthday dinner this year.  Tired of bland chain restaurants, I was really looking to support a local restaurant that was tasty and not the typical food.  I got everything I wanted at Fuego.  Small and quaint, sitting on the patio in April is a treat for sure.  The 3 of us all tried different entres to really get a feel for the food they fix.  Not a single one of us was disappointed.  The short ribs, pasta, and chicken were amazing.  I equally loved the deserts.  Horchata Bread Pudding.... mmmmm.  If you want to stray off the path, you will appreciate what you find at this local eatery.  Enjoy!
5	We live around the corner, but had never heard of Fuego until Groupon ran a special a couple months ago.  We finally got around to using our coupon tonight - SO glad we did!  I can't believe that Fuego seems to remain a well-kept secret... it is really fantastic.  The guitar player-singer that was there this evening was great - such a nice surprise!Husband and I were greeted by the host upon our arrival.  I LOVED him.  What an awesome, vibrant personality... and he recommended a killer peach-grapefruit mojito - mmmm!  We shared the Salmon Croquettes, Empanadas, and the delicious Chicken dinner (I'm sure it had a name...).  All of the dishes were presented beautifully, had fantastic flavor, and persuaded us to not only clean out plates, but to order dessert too!  The side dishes of jalapeno creamed corn and green chile cornbread casserole were SO good.  I would have ordered a dinner made up strictly of side dishes, had that been an option... the maple-chili glazed carrots and chipotle mashed potatoes were also calling my name, but they'll have to wait for my next visit.  We finished up with the Horchata Bread Pudding.  Yum!  I liked the contrasting texture of the fried and sugared flour tortilla strips on top.  During our meal, we had fantastic service.  They took their time, and we never felt rushed... which is a change from many restaurants around town.  We really felt like we could sit back, enjoy the music, and chill as long as we wanted to.  I'm looking forward to a return visit... probably for Happy Hour very soon(how can you turn down those prices?!).
5	This charming bistro offered everything... tantalizing food, outstanding service, and the perfect environment to relax and enjoy.
5	Wonderful, flavor-filled food.  I did mention Yelp and got the 20% off as promised.  The server was very friendly and when I asked about one of the sauces the chef gave me a full run down on the ingredients.
5	I went with my Hubby today for lunch & had to write my review as soon as I got back to work.I have to admit, this place intrigued me because of the "mention Yelp & receive 20% off" offer. And I am so glad I decided to try it out!Fuego Bistro is hidden away inside an older looking complex. The inside is very small but they do have additional space in the patio out front.Our waitress, Suzie I believe, was very sweet! She was very good about refilling our drinks & asked how everything was.For my entree I ordered their Signature Empanadas & for my Hubby's entree he ordered the Fuego Enchiladas, both came with a side of rice & black beans. The empanadas were so delicious, there were so many flavors going on it was amazing. Hubs said his enchiladas were delicious as well, some of the best he's ever had. I had to order the Captain Morgan Banana Burrito for dessert even though it was lunch time. I am SO glad I did, it was one of the BEST desserts I've ever had & I am a dessert junkie.They have a rather large bar for such a small space so I definitely want to come back for happy hour & dinner sometime. This is my new favorite place!
5	We had a great dinner last night at Fuego.  Ordered shrimp dish, 2 pork dishes, and 1 short rib dish.  All were amazing!!  Drinks were great, and everything was reasonably priced.  We ended with the bread pudding and key lime pie.  Used the VIP coupon which is great!
5	Fuego is simply awesome -- one of those hidden gems in Phoenix for local foodies.  It was so good, I've now been twice in a week.Happy hour is fantastic, with discounts on signature drinks and food. The service also doesn't disappoint. No doubt one of the best latin places around town.
4	We were gifted a Groupon for Fuego and had the pleasure of dining there on Friday night. We did not have a reservation, which would have helped us sit outside, but we were seated inside right away. The host was very pleasant and welcoming. Much has already been praised about this little gem, and I agree with all of the accolades regarding the atmosphere, the service, the food...it was all wonderful. We had the Fuego salad, which was huge and lovely (although I would have liked some diced onions on it; maybe I'll ask next time), the tortilla soup (husband raved about this), the Pulled Pork with cheddar chipotle mashed potatoes and maple-glazed carrots, and the panko-breaded chicken breast with creamed jalapeno corn and maple-glazed carrots. In all it was delectable. The entrees were succulent and nicely plated. I particularly loved the creamed corn, which was perfectly spicy and helped clear by sinuses (I succumbed to a bad cold the next day, so maybe I need some more!).The only thing I would not order again is the carrots. I didn't feel these added anything to our dinners. The maple taste was pretty subtle, to the point of being nonexistent. Also, I think that if you're going to put yourself out there as an upscale restaurant, go the extra mile and use real carrots instead of the bagged "baby carrots" that you can find so readily on cafeteria lines. It will look better. Our waiter forgot to charge us for the soup. I pointed this out, and he comped us anyway. I will definitely continue to patronize an establishment that empowers its staff to make decisions like that without worrying that they're going to get a dock in pay.We'll be back, probably first to try out the amazing-looking Happy Hour!
2	having been to Fuego for group events I thought it would be good to go back with my girl friends for a regular dinner.  I made a reservation for 7:30, when we arrived we were still waiting for one more so they had us sit in the center of the patio on the bench instead of seating us at our table.  The patio was almost full but not out of control.  After about 10 minutes the hostess asked us if we would like a drink and if we would be more comfortable at our table.  We chose to sit at our table and waited for a server to come by, we waited...and waited....and waited.  After 30 minutes of waiting for someone to take our drink order I went to the hostess to complain and put in an order for a bottle of wine.  About 20 minutes later a server came by with the bottle, the bottle was corked, not all that uncommon, I ordered another bottle and was brought 10 minutes later, the wine was fine, we asked if we could place our food order, we had already been sitting at the table for more than an hour at this point.  He said "I will be back in 30 seconds", about five minutes later he came back to take our order.  The server returned 20 (we started watching the clock and keeping track since they never acknowledged us for drinks) and said "I'm just going to put the words out there and bear the brunt of what I get...we are out of mashed potatoes."   I could not believe that he started what he had to say like that, and that he didn't have anything in his hand to make up for the inconvenience of our entire meal by this point.  We adjusted our orders (we all ordered mashed potatoes).  Our food arrived 10 minutes later, vegetables were cold, meat was good.I should mention that about 45 minutes after we sat down a 12 top sat down right behind us, their food and drinks arrived much before our own - we had the same server.  Having held group events at Fuego I was incredibly disappointed that they could not handle a simple table of 4.We asked the server what the problem was and he said that they checked their numbers from last year and they were not that busy in June and July.  He also mentioned that their most seasoned server was on vacation - one server does not make the restaurant funciton. They should have checked their numbers from last week, not last year, their popularity has increased over the last year.Such a disappointment.
3	I recently went to Fuego to use my Groupon and enjoy some good eats.  This place is a little hidden but the menu is awesome.  When we got there we had to wait for the wait staff to find a table.  For a Thursday night the place didn't seem busy but the wait staff couldn't handle the crowd.  After several minutes getting soaked by the misters we finally got a table.  Several minutes later we received our waters and several minutes after that we finally got our Sangria.  The host/waiter seemed very flustered even though the place did not seem too busy.  For my meal I decided on the Organic Spinach Salad.  The salad was perfect for such a warm night.  The bacon citrus vinaigrette dressing and goat cheese were a perfect combination!!  I have heard so many wonderful things about Fuego but my experience was not the best.  The host/waiter kept apologizing which didn't help the situation.  The food was amazing and I will probably go back to give this local place another shot.
4	This place was great!  We had dinner with the family on Friday night before a show at Gammage and were warmly welcomed by the staff.  The happy hour was great, mojitos are refreshing and the food is tasty.  We split a bunch of things but what was amazing was the chipolte chedder mashed potatoes!  When the heat goes away, I will be back to sit outside and sip some mojitos!  Great place!
4	Went here today for dinner, it was my first time here and i was impressed! The place is a little small inside but there is plenty of outdoor seating. You might want to make a reservation if you want to sit inside. They have a pretty big drink selection and the menu has a little bit of everything. I ordered the signature pernil asado which is pulled pork with a orange habanero mojo sauce and got the chili glazed carrots and cornbread casserole for sides. The dish was prettty basic, it was just pulled pork with a side of the orange habanero mojo. The pork itself was pretty good, nothing spectacular, it was the sauce that really made the dish. The dish was tasty but I dont think it was worth $19 though.Overall Fuego bistro is a great restaurant with creative latin american  dishes and would recommend this place to other foodies.
4	I knew that Fuego was better than they performed that night  I was there for dinner.  I just had to go back, I went for lunch and service could not have been better.  Greeted with a smile immediately, waters on the table as we were seated, cocktails made perfectly - not everyone knows how to make a good mai tai or a mojito!  The chili relleno was outstanding, the hard exterior and the outstanding chicken and cheese inside was the perfect Friday lunch, the mai tai just topped it off.  Looking for a good dessert place, Fuego has what you need, the chocolate cake was phenomenal.Sitting inside was new for me but it was way to hot mid day to sit outside, the interior is just as cute as the outside.I know I will be back again!
4	Latin fusion?  It was good Mexican food..  a bit fancier I spose...We had the fish tacos (tilapia) and nachos.  Nachos were standard (its hard to mess it up right?), the fish tacos were very good.  Nothing very crazy different here.  The next time we went we perused the dinner menu and got the FB pasta dish and the short rib.  The short ribs were very good, not overly fatty, easily came apart.  And they were even better reheated.  I got the creamed corn and the corn bread casserole as sides - interesting and pretty tasty.  The pasta dish was kinda oily, but the portion is pretty big.  I wasn't a big fan and I'm sure it was very "expensive" calorie-wise.This place is very tucked away and "cozy" meaning 9 tables and a bar.  There are a couple more tables on the patio area, but in the room that is it.  They share the bathroom with the rest of the complex.  Not complaining, I've seen places like these in California and such.  Just wanted to be clear since you can fit 50 people sometimes in "cozy" places and this place definitely cannot.  Its also in kind of a bad location with confusing parking arrangements.All in all, the food is pretty good, but the prices are too high to justify getting dinner there.  (The dinner entrees were about 25 each).  I would go back for lunch or happy hour since the food is pretty good and the items on these menus are priced pretty appropriately.  I can think of a lot of other places that would be worth 60+ money for dinner..
5	No doubt about it, one of the best places I've been to in Phoenix. It's a little out of my normal radius but I'll make an exception. The steak was delicious, thick and juicy, cooked to perfection and bursting with flavor and spice. The restaurant itself is tiny (which I like) but also has open patio seating. Make a reservation if you want a table inside. Or if you're a native Phoenician like me who loves sitting on a patio on warm summer nights under a cooling mist, then no reservation is needed. Staff was friendly and kept my water full. (Bonus points for that!) I'll try to go back for happy hour soon. I'll be taking my out of town friends here as well. It's a triumph.
5	My bf and I went to Fuego Bistro last night and we were so impressed! Usually food at that price point can be pretentious and bland but our meal was amazing. We started with the empanadas which were to die for. (highly recommended) My bf got the Fuego Pasta which was impressive looking to say the least. While you don't get any sides with that entree, the portion size is huge! But be careful, this dish is SPICY. I ordered the beef short ribs and let me tell you, they changed my life. The meat was sweet and tender and the pineapple-cola glaze was incredible. Since I got two sides I ordered the cornbread casserole and the chili-glazed carrots. They were both delicious (the cornbread was my favorite) but the carrots were a little too spicy for me. We each ordered a mojito with our meal. My bf ordered the traditional and I got the grapefruit-pomegranate. That is EXACTLY how a mojito should taste. The mint wasn't overpowering and while those babies were strong, it didn't taste like I was sipping on mint-flavored nyquil. For dessert we ordered the horchata bread pudding. This was the only part of our meal that was a bit of a disappointment. We couldn't taste any horchata and the bread pudding itself had without a doubt been microwaved as it had a rubbery consistency. The staff is very attentive. Our glasses were never empty and we didn't have to wait long for our food. All in all we were very pleased with our meal and will be for sure returning in the near future! P.s. Make sure you order a mojito. It's easy to see why they've won awards!
5	I am insanely in love with this little gem of a restaurant. I, like many others, first went to Fuego Bistro after the happy hour Groupon was released awhile ago. After checking the restaurants website, I was intrigued enough to get a Groupon, but hardly prepared for what I got. So here's what I've had, in order of least fave to OMG-I-get-it-everytime:(Because I've only been during happy hour, none of this is the dinner menu stuff. So excited to order those in the future, though!)1) chicken tacos- while probably better than most placeschicken tacos, this was sampled off someone elses plate after I had already had something better. So while good, not the best I've had here.2) Horchata bread pudding- it almost pains me to put this so far down, but again, the other items were just that good. Presentation on this dessert is a ten. Size- wow big. I had to bring most of it home. Flavor was where it lost me a little. I'm big fan of horchata and was just expecting a stronger cinnamon flavor, not to mention I'm pretty sure there is no rice in this dessert.  The bread pudding was good, especially with the slightly melted chocolate chips and candied walnuts on top, but nothing resembling horchata. On a positive note, it was served with the most amazing cookies and cream ice cream I've ever tried. Id have been happier just getting a large scoop of that (next time!)3) tilapia tacos- ahhh... spicy but tolerable, perfectly cooked, great blend of flavors. The fact that everytime I order these the tortilla falls apart and I end up eating it with a fork does nothing to dissway me from them. Terrific!4) pernil quesadilla- and here is the reason I'm hooked. The most tender and flavorful pork inside a perfectly chewy/crispy tortilla, with gooey happiness inside. I'm in love. The last time I went, knowing how good these were, I ordered one to eat and one to go at the start of my meal. Try it. Love it.And then there's the place itself. Yeah, hard to find, but worth it. And have I mentioned that I live in Surprise? Completely worth the trip. Service is exceptional, ambiance is exactly what this place should be like. Can't wait to go on a weekend night for the live music. Def. my fave Phoenix restaurant!
3	Maybe my expectations were too high...but I was underwhelmed by my experience here. Nothing I tried was bad, but the flavors were fairly bland. The best dish, IMO, was the empanada appetizer. The bbq sauce was great and did not take over the flavor of the filling. We ordered the pernil asado and chicken breast for entrees with sides of jalapeno creamed corn, green chile cornbread, chipotle mashed potatoes, and green beans. I barely tasted the jalapeno, green chile, or chipotle. The mashed potatoes had a kick of heat, but not of flavor. The chicken was moist but nothing spectacular. The one thing I would go back for is the pernil asado. It was moist, tender, and the orange habanero sauce was not too sweet. I really wanted to like this place but it just didn't work for me. Although the portions are big, at this price, there are many other restaurants in the area I would choose for dinner.
5	This was my second  visit and I got to take two of my newbies to the place.  We were seated promptly indoors, and the staff was very friendly.  I ordered a blood orange mojito and it was excellent and quite large-just the way a cocktail should be.  I ordered the chicken which was excellent and the two sides I had were the stuffing and beans.  It was sooo good.  We felt no pressure in turning over the table as they do in some restaurants.  I tried my friends mashed potatoes and they were so good.  He cleaned his plate and raved about it and he eats like a bird so I know he like it.  Can't wait to try a new selection and for the next Groupon.
4	I'm a big fan.  Such a hidden gem that you really wouldn't know was there unless you were told where it was.  Very understated and beautiful little area.When the weather is cooler, it's a perfect patio for happy hour.  Dinner gets a little pricier, but not any less worthy of praise.  For drinks, their maragarita is a smooth, fairly strong tasting wonder.  The wife prefers the blood orange/peach mojito (also quite tasty).  Think most happy hour drinks are $6-9.  As for food, you will *not* go wrong with anything pernil.  Their pernil (slow roasted pork) is fantastic.  At happy hour, get the pernil nachos - we get at least 1 order everytime we go and sometimes more if we have a few other people with us.  Fish tacos were quite tasty if that's your bag.  Shrimp and lightly friend and tasty.  I can honestly say I've never tried anything here I didn't enjoy.  Sure, some things I love more than others, but there isn't a disappointment on the menu so far.Cannot recommend this place enough for happy hour.  Great service as well.
4	I hadn't heard of this gem until the second round of groupon offerings came out. For $10, I bought $30 worth of goods. It sounded like a good deal. I live in West Mesa now so it was a long drive for us but we were both good and hungry. We were warmly greeted and well served after we found it (tricky). The ambience is best described as warm and cozy - pretty intimate. I counted the total number of seats in the place: 28. TJ ordered the pork entree with a side of carrots and the creamed corn. I ordered the pasta dish because I saw it arrive at someone else's table and was intrigued. I had a white sangria and TJ got the blood orange mojito. The entrees were delicious, truly. Mine was piping hot, fresh, just the right amount of creaminess and I was surprised at how perfectly cooked the onions and peppers in my dish were - still crisp without being under cooked. The pasta, too, was right on. The chicken and the chorizo - a little chewy. TJ's portion didn't fill him entirely. He helped with my dish and I still had a box to bring home.  His mojito was truly wonderous - must find out how to do that at home. My sangria was just okay. It had little apple slivers in it that I found unappealing due to aged texture. I'd stick to the mojitos in the future and would only go back for happy hour pricing because with those four ordered items and our $30 Groupon credit, we still spent $43.00. I'm not sure about the price/quality/quantity ratio. It would have been nice, too, to have some fanciful little breads or crackers or chips on the table before the entrees came out. Didn't happen. I'd say don't go starved and don't bring kids.
5	Heaven. Fuego is just heaven. This super small, yet charming place is our favorite!! The menu is unique, and delish!! The creamed corn is to die for, I am talking unbelievable!! Thirsty? Their mojito selection is insane and they have an even better happy hour. Only negative is, that because of its small size, it fills up fast. reservations are a must!
4	Yummy and Spicy!  First - I must recognize that this restaurant serves my favorite drink in style.  Mojitos - yumm and more yumm.  Any restaurant that can fill my mojito cravings is a star in my book. But moving on to the food. It was very tasty and flavorful!.  While a little spicy - the flavors were top notch.  The boyfriend likes his steak rare - and they (unlike many other places) actually served it rare.  Go here - order a mojito and start eating.  You will leave feeling sexy - just because this food has the spicy sex appeal.  I say 4.5!!
5	Finding this place can be tricky, but is totally worth it.It's a very cozy atmosphere, only a few tables but very comfortable.We came in pretty late so we were one of the last tables there that night, but the staff never made us feel unwelcome (which can happen when you're the only reason they still have to be at work.) Our server (though I wonder if he was also the owner or manager) was extremely helpful and personable. I think his conversation and service was one of the reasons we had such a great time. Gave us a lot of great suggestions on the menu and drinks. I had the ahi tuna and he had the feugo pasta. Both dishes had a perfectly pleasant amount of spice to my taste - enough to bite but not enough to be overwhelming or uncomfortable.They also have amazing mojitos. I had the blood orange flavor but I liked the prickly pear flavor better so if you go, try that one. After dinner I wanted a coffee, rather than a whole dessert, and was disappointed they didn't serve any. But our waiter improvised a coffee cocktail that was absolutely delicious and I appreciated the effort rather than simply saying "we don't have it."As we were leaving our server was telling us about a comedy night they do on Tuesdays that sounds pretty fun (apparently it goes for the next three weeks) - might have to go back to check it out. It's supposed to include happy hour pricing on the drinks and menu.All in all I fell in love with this place and would definitely come back. It's a little pricey for it to be a regular place for me but they seem to do a lot of specials and discounts which make it a bit more affordable.
4	Had a Groupon  Coupon and tried the place out for the first time, food was great, Mohitos good alsosuggest asking to sit in Main seating area as overflow lacks atmospheremain courses very generous, might want to make dinner out of the appetizerswill return
3	So we hadn't been since this place used to be Cafe Del Sol (yes, a few years ago). We used the Groupon we had purchased about a month ago. It was kind of awkward because there's the main dining room and a separate red-headed step child dining room around the corner, not really attached at all to the main dining room and probably all the excitement. We got there right at the end of happy hour and wifey ordered a glass of Sangria, I had a glass of Tempranillo (that totally blew by the way).  I ended up ordering another glass of wine (don't remember the name) and it was pretty good. I got the cola and pineapple braised short ribs, jalapeno cream corn a chile corn casserole. The sides were good, although the corn casserole was a tad dry. The shorts ribs were great, they didn't have that cheap pot roast taste that some braised short ribs can have. The sauce was a bit thick for my taste, but not a huge deal. Wifey had the grilled shrimp appetizer with avocado and mango sauce appetizer and the empanadas. She loved her food. I wasn't a fan of the empanadas. but the shrimp were pretty good. Overall, I think it's a pretty good place and it's nice to have another option in the area. Would I choose to go back? no, probably not, but I know the wife will make me go back at some point.
5	Our dinner at Fuego Bistro last night was stellar. Our mission: to explore Cuban-inspired meals for an upcoming Cuban party. We accepted with glee, and we finished with happy, full bellies. First things first: drinks. Three of us ordered a different type of mojito: mango, blood orange and pomegranate. I had the mango mojito, and it was very good, but I could really only have one because it was rather sweet. My friend Cara doesn't do rum, so she got her signature margarita ... sort of. Our waitress, Suzie, was fantastic. "Oh, you want the skinny girl margarita - I'll take care of you, don't worry." Her other famous line of the night was, "Don't worry, if you don't like your drink, I'll drink it for you and we'll make you another." When we DID like our drinks, it was "Oh, so I guess I'm staying sober tonight." The four of us shared the signature empanadas and the jumbo sauteed prawns - both very good. For dinner, I ordered the Natural Farm Chicken Breast: pounded, panko breaded in a sauce of tomatillo cream, goat cheese, bacon and tortilla pico de gallo. I chose the Green Chili Cornbread Casserole and Sauteed Organic Green Beans for my sides. Half of the meal is sitting in my fridge right now, waiting for me to visit it at lunch time. The portions were so huge!The rest of the table featured the Cola and Pineapple Soy Braised Angus Short Rib Roast, the Signature Pernil Asado, the Homemade Tortilla Soup and the Fuego Salad. Two thumbs up from every diner. And, I was not the only one who went home with leftovers. My husband gets some Yelp brownie points for telling our waitress, "My wife here, she's a big time yelper. She'll write a great review of this place tomorrow. " Suzie said, "I'm glad you just mentioned Yelp because now I can take 20% off your bill." And she did. Fuego Bistro IS tucked away - be sure you have clear directions with you. You can't expect to see if from a main road like 7th Street. Enjoy!
4	We came here this past Sat and it was cool because they had happy hour until 6pm. We got there around 5:30, so enough time to snag some HH drinks and apps. We ordered the HH pernil sliders for my daughter ($5) and it had pernil (marinated, slow-roasted pork), avocado, and a sweet slaw/cabbage on the buns. I snagged a few bites while my daughter ate. I was a little irked when I ordered the pernil (pronounced "pear-kneel" while rolling the "r") and the server responded, "Oh, you mean the "purr-nill"?" Note to owner, if you are going to have authentic dishes at your restaurant, please train your servers to pronounce your dishes correctly. Alright, rant aside, I had their red sangria (not that great), their first course grilled shrimp dish that had a really good avocado, guacatillo sauce. Yum. We also ordered the emapanadas. I liked them alot but my husband wasn't a fan. FB fills their empanadas with ground meat and my husband is used to my mom's stuffed with pernil. I thought they were good, though. Overall, I enjoyed my experience here. Their menu had a number of dishes I am interested in so I think I will come back again.
4	What's there possibly to say except this is one of Central Phx's best kept secrets!?!? Follow the directions our fellow Yelpers have listed for finding the place--they helped me and I'm so glad because we're regulars as a result. Roasted Pernil pork, creamy jalapeno corn and a delicious glass of white sangria with pear--what's NOT to love? The patio at dusk is delightful--and the live jazz music on Friday and Saturday evenings add to the delightful atmosphere. This is such an enjoyable experience--it's just very special at Fuego's. :D
5	My first visit was intended to be a weekend afternoon of appetizer's and cocktails. After reviewing the selections on the happy hour menu, it was easy to see that choosing "one" option was not going to be easy. We started with the wild salmon croquettes with a lemon caper beurre blanc sauce and the vegetarian tostadas and at the suggestion of our server the white and red wine sangrias. While a favorite here is difficult to choose, I would have to say the croquettes are at the top of my list. The tostadas are made of small fried tortillas with a guacamole spread was served with veggies and cheese, and topped with a chipotle aioli. By the time all was said and done, we had spent a greater part of the afternoon sampling the happy hour menu and ending it with the chocolate ancho chile torte, one of my favorite desserts of all time. For dinner, if you enjoy a spicier dish, you might try the green chile corn bread casserole. It is a great balance of sweet and spicy that I can't resist! The atmosphere and staff are both welcoming making this one of my favorite downtown local spots.
5	Seriously people! This place is freakin ridiculous. My new favorite restaurant for sure! I can't even suggest one thing because EVERYTHING is to die for. My husband and I went here for Arizona restaurant week so we were able to try two apps, two entrees (with two side each) and two desserts. Not one thing was less than perfect!
5	Wow! I can't say enough good things about this place. The location is perfect, the menu is great, the drinks are incredible and most importantly, the service is the best I've received anywhere. Don't pass up the chance to visit. I'm there for happy hour at least three times a month!
5	I don't write reviews too often, but I couldn't pass up the opportunity to share how great Fuego Bistro is.  I found out about Fuego Bistro through a Groupon and what originally got my attention was the mojitos.  While dining here, I enjoyed two fabulous mojitos, an original lime and one blood orange, which were both quite tasty.   They have several different flavors and quite the selection of rum.However, it wasn't just the mojitos that I enjoyed.  I happen to go during Restaurant week and had a three course meal consisting of Mini-Vegetarian Tostadas, their Signature Pernil Asado with Chipotle Cheddar Mashed Potatoes and Green Chile Corn Bread Casserole.  I also sampled the empanadas as a friend of mine had those for an appetizer.  Oh my goodness, every single bite I had was fabulous...and I think I stopped to say that every time I had a bite, I couldn't stop talking about how delicious everything tasted. The Signature Pernil Asado - basically slow roasted pork shoulder (24 hours according to the waiter) was the best shredded pork I've eaten at any restaurant.  It was so tender and extremely juicy which doesn't happen very often.  To top that off, the chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes were creamy and accompanied the pork perfectly.  I wasn't expecting perfection from the corn bread casserole, but this also exceeded any expectations I've ever had of corn bread.  You could actually taste the green chili in the corn bread and it had the consistency of a fresh baked brownie which may sound weird but was some of the best corn bread I've ever had as I was expecting something rather dry and not to flavorful.To put it simply, everything was spectacular.  I haven't stopped talking about this place since I went, it's a must try and I know I'll be going back real soon!
5	Fuego Bistro is one of my new favorites! A couple people have recommended it to me, so my boyfriend and I decided to try it for restaurant week. We arrived about 15 minutes before our reservation to have a drink on the patio. The staff was super welcoming and friendly. Matt enjoyed a mai tai and I had a red sangria - both very refreshing. Our table was ready right on time and we had an awesome waitress who gave great suggestions on ordering... there were so many good looking options on their restaurant week menu. We're sharers, so we ordered with that in mind. Drinks: We got the pomegranate mojito (very refreshing) and a peach-blood orange mojito (sweet, but very good)Starters: Signature empanadas: Tasty. The focus was the meat, I would have preferred more vegetables inside.Sauteed prawns: The star here were the sauces - delicious!Entrees: Cola Braised Short Ribs: AMAZING! Some of the best we've ever had. The short ribs were very tender and not fatty at all. The flavor was so good!Pernil Asado (shredded pork): So delicious!! I made little tacos with their fresh corn tortillas. Sides: Green chili cornbread casserole: A little drier than I had imagined, but great flavor. Maple chiliglazed carrots: The glaze didn't really stand out to me, but good as far as baby carrots go.Jalapeno creamed corn: I was pleasantly surprised - really enjoyed this one! Chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes: A great side with the short rib. Dessert: (By this point, we knew we'd need to be rolled out of the restaurant, but we HAD to have dessert since it was part of restaurant week). Chocolate chip bread pudding: Really good chocolate chip bread with scoops of malted chocolate crisp ice cream. This was a lot of food after that meal, but I savored the bites I had. The ice cream was excellent!Banana burrito: exactly what you'd picture with scoops of the same icecream - delicious! I can't wait to go back to Fuego and tell my friends about it. Great service, charming atmosphere, and excellent dishes.... Fuego is a winner!
4	I had seen this place for years and always meant to check it out. I was pulling out my new Entertainment Book and voila there was a BOGO for Fuego. I checked them out on Yelp and off we headed. The parking was a bit of a confusion. Do not park in Apollo's lot, but on the side street there are spaces near the entrance. The place was packed on a late Friday night. They close at 9 and we got there about 8:30. There was live music. Some better than others (open mic?), but entertaining all the same. The crowd was very mixed. Everything from Families with kids to Gay Couples and all in between.We were not looking at spending a whole lot of time as it was close to closing. We skipped the starters (which turned out to be a good idea). We ordered a Natural Farm Chicken Breast and a Signature Pernil Asado. The Chicken was awesome. We would certainly order this again. The Pernil Asado was less than desirable. It came with two tortillas. The meat was plenty juicy, just not all that flavorful. The Chicken though was the bomb. For sides we got the Green Chili Cornbread Casserole (YUM), Maple Chili glazed Carrots (YUM) and the Chipotle Cheddar Mashed Potatoes (Good). Not the best waitress, but hey you can't have it all. The place was very relaxing and I loved the feel of it. I am sure I will be back. They have a great happy hour, though I do recommend going for a late dinner on the weekend. To bad they are not open an hour later, but the place is nice at night. I just want to try one of their famous Mojitos next time.
5	I love this place.  I have visited it a couple of times and last time was for restaurant week.  Everything is great. I love the sauteed prawns with pineapple salsa and for the sides my favorites are the jalapeno creamed corn (can't get enough) and the cheddar mashed potatoes. On a previous visit I had the Pernil Asado, really awesome.  For dessert I like the Horchata bread pudding.  The place is very cozy, just a few tables inside.  I am so happy we have nice weather now, so we can sit in the patio.  Can't wait to go back.
5	We checked this place out because we had a groupon. You can also get discounted certificates for Fuego Bistro on restaurant.com, and they occasionally do offers through LunchClub.This place has an extensive drinks menu. We got mixed drinks and loved them. I think mine was a flavored mojito, and his was something tropical. The Seared Ahi Tuna Mini Tostadas were OK, but the Angus GriIIed New York Strip Steak was an absolute showstopper. As others have said, this place is hard to find. Look for Apollo's on the east side of 7th Street (giant lambda sign) and park in the lot just east of them.
5	Well, Yelp directed me to this place, so I figured I'd better add my review too.My wife had given me explicit instructions... "good food tonight", and from the reviews, Fuego Bistro seemed interesting.  We're in from SF, and don't know the area at all.First, we were struck by the pleasant ambiance, with a fountain in the courtyard and a jazz trio playing - quite a juxtaposition from the parking lot and surrounding block when you arrive.The owner, Jeff, greeted us and even though we didn't have a reservation (on a Friday night) was really pleasant and found a place for us - especially important because we had our little one in tow and he was getting hungry.Jeff helped us with the wine list and pointed us at a great "off-menu" bottle at a very reasonable price - a great way to start a meal.But it was the food that really impressed.  We tried the empenadas, the pork, the salmon croquettes, the tortilla soup and the prawns.  Everything was outstanding.  I have to say though, strangely the real standout for me was the jalapeno creamed corn - and I'm not usually a creamed corn fan.  The deserts were also great - we split a chocolate torte and some ice cream for the little one.  The torte was rich but yet light.All I can say is to try this place.  It seems like the folks working there have a real pride in what they do and it shows.
5	My friends and I ate here for a girls' night out. It is a bit tricky to find as you can't see it from the street. We were seated on the patio. The weather was pretty perfect and they had a little jazz band. So cute! I was starving and ordered the empanadas. They were pretty big, full of tasty filling, and not greasy. I got the chicken breast dinner with mashed and the corn bread casserole. Portions are huge! Everything was delicious and I had to take quite a bit home. I would have liked to try a dessert, but I was so stuffed. Also, our server reminded us that tip was included in our bill. It was really refreshing that he wasn't trying to get a double tip out of us.My only slight complaint is we had to wait a couple times for drink refills.I look forward to coming here again and trying lunch.
5	I've been to Fuego Bistro twice, both times the food was amazing!  Try a mojito with the Pernil Asado, you won't be disappointed.  The restaurant is small, and the staff is very friendly, they seemed to know a lot of their customers by name.
4	Very tasty.  Had the pork which it typically dry but here it was really good.  The only thing is that I got bored with the flavor.  Quality of ingredients are very high.
4	Wow! The portions here are way more generous than I had expected. Not to sound like a total cheapskate but the prices had scared me off of Fuego Bistro for a long time. The menu sounded great and I came for lunch and LOVED my Cuban sandwich - A LOT - but dinner seemed steep. Came for happy hour and had a top notch mojito and enjoyed delicious sliders. Still, for dinner... I wasn't convinced. I saw a Groupon but the conditions (must buy 2 entrees) didn't earn any points for me, personally. My friend, however, had a Groupon and suggested we meet here for dinner. Holy mole! The dinner portions are HUGE. No wonder the prices are what they are. You can easily share an entree - or take home left overs. There must've been a dozen shrimp on my plate. MOUNDS of pork on the other. You get to choose 2 sides and they're all wonderful. So, to put an end to this long story... do NOT let the dinner prices scare you off. The food is delicious and you get your money's worth, not just in the quality but in the quantity too!
4	Wow this place is awesome.  Thank you Groupon for sending me this way.  So it was a little hard to find as it's tucked away down a side street with not much signage.  Don't let that fool you though this place is a MUST stop.  I ordered the special which was a southwestern meatloaf wrapped in bacon with green chili and pepper jack cheese in it.  It was really good I am glad I ordered the meatloaf.   I usually would never order that as usually it's not my favorite thing.  The meal came with two sides so I went with the jalapeno creamed corn which was to die for.  It was spicy and sweet and just awesome.  My other side was the green chili cornbread casserole.  It was good nothing great but it had a nice kick with the green chili in it.  On to dessert well actually not on to dessert I was too full which was a good thing.  I will be back for dessert another day for sure probably for happy hour because the menu looked great.  They have distinct lunch, happy hour, and dinner menu's so you can go different times of the day and have totally different meals.  Totally awesome spot to try if you have never been I give it 4.5/5
5	I've been to Fuego Bistro just twice, but both times it was a great experience.  It's tricky to find, and has a very odd sort of setup next to a ballet studio.  But don't get me wrong, the atmosphere is great.  Tonight they had all the indoor tables from around the bar outside since the weather was nice.  Add in the live music and all the friendly staff and it makes for a great night out.  As a complete side note, my wife noticed that the bathroom door has a mail slot in it.  Who knows what this place was before it was Fuego Bistro. The food?  Well Jeff, the owner, will most likely stop by your table and sell you really hard on something.  Not in a bad sort of way, I believe the guy is just really exciting about his food on a regular basis.  The good news is he isn't full of it, all the food has been great that I've tried.  Tonight he suggested the special, a seafood chile relleno.  Fried goodness with a great spicy finish to it.  The only possible downside would be the prices.  If it were any cheaper I would be a serious regular there.  But there is always a special of some kind going on.  I got our mojitos discounted just for mentioning Yelp tonight.  The last time I used a groupon.  So shop around for coupons before you go.
4	Me and a friend who lives in the area decided to try something a little different. Uninspired I decided to use my Yelp iphone app and Fuego Bistro seemed to have great reviews...for good reason.The location isn't the most visible but at night when we went the patio/courtyard has it's charm and the food is definitely outstanding. I had the Fuego Pasta and loved it and my friend had the seared ahi tuna.If not for the location being a bit far from me, I'd definitely make it  my neighborhood restaurant of choice.
4	This was my first trip out here with my wife and some of her girlfriends. It was off the street a bit, and parking is a little tight, but we managed just fine.This was some extremely tasty business! I started off with the pork bbq sliders. Two came on a plate, and it was a heaping full of meat. I shared it with the rest of the table. My wife got the empanadas and they were very good as well.For main course I got the chicken breast with the chipotle mashed potatoes, and jalepeno cornbread. One of the best meals I have had in a long time. There was a lot of different flavors that were playing in this dish, and I loved it!Half the table got great service, the other half not so good. My drink was forgotten, my meal didnt come out with everyone elses... But she made up for it in the end, so its all good in my book! :)My only complaint is that they dont have a very vibrant bar scene. Their specialty is mojitos, so if you love them, this is your place! My wife said it was the best mojito she had ever had, a blood orange mojito.
5	Do you ever want to go out for dinner but just can't decide on what you want or where you want to go???  Well, I think I have found that place to go for very good food.  The Pernil Asado (pork) was very moist and flavorfull.  My wife got the veggie enchiladas...all fresh veggies.Cornbread caserole (with bacon), jalapeno cream corn, and chipolatle mashed potatoes were all great.  The portions were very big...had to roll is out!
5	I would say Fuego Bistro's specialty is, well, everything.  Stand-up service, great lunch/happy hour selection and pricing, awesome patio setup, and some of the best Latin food I've eaten.  The waitstaff will definitely remember your name if you come back (and trust me, you will).  The mojitos are certainly delicious (blood orange for sure), but I would go for the sangria.  I like the red, but I hear the white is delicious as well, although a little sweet for me.  Pernil Asado is a sure pick, as is the dish with the mole should they put it on special again.  I'd eat and drink just about anything on the menu, and I'd be sure to leave full, drunk, and without a huge hold in my wallet!  Thanks, Fuego Bistro, I wish I found you sooner!PS - they are on Restaurant.com, and they have a pretty lenient coupon-use policy if you're cheap like me.
4	First heard of this place when I saw the Groupon for it. Checked out the reviews on Yelp, so I decided to buy 3. Big mistake. Should have bought 10!The mojitos are among the best I've ever had. Including the ones I had when I was actually in Havana. Heard the portions were big so we decided against an appetizer, but the empanadas looked delicious.Ordered the pork and the Fuego Pasta. The sauce that came with the pork was great, but the plate could have come with a couple more tortillas.  Had the chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes and the green chile cornbread casserole. The potatoes were good, with just the right amount of spice, but the cornbread was amazing. Seriously, its one of the beat sides I've had in Phoenix.I'm a big fan of the Big Rig at Oregano's and the Carlsbad Pasta at Carlsbad Tavern, but the Fuego Pasta might be the best pasta dish I've ever had.Can't wait to go back during happy hour to try the sliders and pork quesadillas. I can see myself becoming a regular here.
5	Perfect for a quiet birthday dinner, or a date night. This low-key place, without fancy decor or furniture, has room for 25-odd diners. What it lacks in terms of the set-up, it makes up with the food and the attentive service. I think we got served by four different people! We got two white sangrias, a tortilla soup and  jumbo sauteed prawns in a tomatillo avocado sauce and a chipotle guajillo sauce with mango fruit chutney, for appetizers. The tortilla soup was served in a deeeeeep bottomed bowl, and was hot and delicious. I would have been happy making a dinner out of the soup, with some garlic bread thrown in, but since it was a special dinner, I couldn't linger over the soup and finish it all up...I had to leave space for the main course. The prawns were not jumbo, but they were delicious nonetheless. For main course we got the day's special, which was a  medley of all their seafood: mussels, ahi tuna, prawns--on a bed of deliciously soft spinach and rice, and their famous Pernil Asado. The pork was soft, juicy and flavorful. We had no room for desserts...though I would have loved to try the Kahlua Creme brulee. Well, I'll save that for next time, I guess!
5	Hidden next to a dance studio, this is an absolutely adorable gem of a place.  The food is a both sweet and spicy.  The cornbread casserole is something that I dream about.  Portions are big and the service is always friendly.  I almost don't want to share how much I love this place :)  The drinks are strong without being too boozy.  Have never had a bad meal here.
5	I was plesantly surprised by how much I enjoyed the food here.  I had the Pork (pernil asado) with cornbread casserole and cheddar mashed potatotes.  When I arrived, the owner greeted us and asked my husband and I if we had reservations.  We didn't but we were quickly seated to a table for two.  We tried this place because we had a Groupon, and I'm so glad we did.  The pork was perfectly cooked, delicious, and tender.  We ordered the empanadas for an appetizer and we were treated to a tasty beef pastry.  The empanadas were nicely complemented by a fresh pico de gallo which had the perfect bite.  The casserole was not overcooked or dry, and tasted wonderful.  I'm so glad we found this little hidden restaurant.
5	Definitely the meal of the week for us.  We started with a salad that had a bacon and cinnamon combination with spinach and goat cheese.  That was certainly a new one for us.  The short rib dish was outstanding.  I loved the way the spices went against the cola flavoring.  My wife had the pernil asado, and she enjoyed that.  It should also be noted that the sides were outstanding.  We closed the evening out with the chocolate cake with ancho chiles and ice cream that had little malted milk balls in it.  One of a kind dessert, that was.  Honestly, chocolate cake desserts are so commonplace, and it's easy to forget all the different ones we've tried, but this one will certainly be remembered.  Wines were not ridiculously marked up, either (and that is a huge pet peeve of mine).  We look forward to a return visit soon, as it's right by my mom's house.  I just wish it was around when I used to live in Phoenix.
4	I was expecting good things from Fuego and was not disappointed.  I was lucky to get in at all, since I went on NYE, but my excitement was dampened by waiting at the bar over ten minutes before anyone took a drink order.  (Hence the missing star.)  When the bartender realized that, though, he promptly apologized and took both drink and food orders ASAP.  The prickly pear mojito was amazing, and the bartender was personable and helpful to everyone.  The dinner menu was kind of pricy, but the food was very good.  I had the tilapia and the chipotle mashed potatoes, and I thought they were both amazing.  The portion size was big enough to make for a comfortable dinner and leftover lunch the next day (except the potatoes, which predictably never left the restaurant!).  I also had the jalapeno cornbread casserole -- to me, it was okay but less impressive than the mashed potatoes.  The wait staff and hostess were all very attentive (other than the minor glitch at the beginning), which made up for sitting right next to the credit card machine.  I'll definitely be going back (albeit either for the happy hour menu or a coupon!).  Good food, pleasant people and great drinks!
5	We had a truly five-star dining experience on New Year's Eve at this restaurant!  We arrived early during what is normally Happy Hour, but our server, Steve, and the chef accommodated our request for dinner entrees.  The service was impeccable and the food was phenomenal.  My husband had the short ribs and said they were the best he had ever experienced and I had the chicken/chorizo penne pasta, which was out of this world!  If you like spicy, I guarantee you will love this entree.  Everything about our dining experience was perfect, right down to the deep-fried chocolate banana dessert!  Arrive with an appetite and high expectations . . . you will NOT be disappointed!
4	Bought a deal on Groupon and finally made it over there. It is set up strangely with two rooms not connecting but this has no impact on their service. We got their early and were warmly greeted by whom I can only assume to be the owner himself as he was answering the phone. The tortilla soup was some of the best I have had in a long time and the entrees did not disappoint. I'm a sucker for goat cheese and my chicken was absolutely amazing! My husbands pork was very flavorful too (he was sweating that's how I know it was good). Our drinks were filled just at the right times and we left very satisfied customers.  I would love to come back again for happy hour if/when I'm on the east side again.
5	Fuego Bistro has awesome Latin food. Everyone talks about the Mojidos and they are great but my favorite was the Angus New York Grilled Steak. It was a little bit pricey at $26 but I had a 50% off coupon that I just bought yesterday at phoenix.org. Don't remember exactly where the coupon is but I found it on the first page of Google when I searched for "Phoenix.org, Fuego Bistro Discount card".I highly recommend the bistro. Don't skimp on the appetizers, they are awesome!
3	We went for the second time last night and it was really very good. There were some glitches last night that seemed to be felt throughout the restaurant. Case and point: my boyfriend order a rare steak (we even emphasized really rare) and it came medium well. The waitress kindly resolved the issue, but I was almost done with my meal by the time his replacement steak arrived. But I will not fault them for this. We shared some tortilla soup to start (very tasty and could be a meal by itself). I had the Shrimp dinner . . .very good a little spicy and my shrimp were slightly over cooked. The star of the night was for sure the cornbread chili casserole - it was sweet with a little spicy . . .so good. Generally I find their dishes slightly on the spicy side for my taste buds - but overall very good. I would give them a 3 1/2 . . . almost a 4 We will be back . . . may be just for the cornbread and tortilla soup!
5	Fuego Bistro has quickly become one of my wife and I's favorite restaurants!  We went with a large group the first time and they were great about us having 7, including two smaller children.  Last night my wife and I went back for a date night and had the most wonderful time!  Jeff, the owner, is fantastic and always wants to make sure you have a great time.  The sommelier was also great.  He talked to us about the wine, gave us some tips for pairings, and even had us take a sip of wine while chewing our food.  It totally changed the character of both the wine and food.Speaking of the food, the short ribs are amazing!  The best sides we've had are the creamed corn and the chipotle mashed potatoes, but the maple chili carrots and the cornbread green chili casserole are also very good!The cocktails are great and the happy hour menu is pretty reasonable.We will definitely be going to Fuego on a regular basis!!
5	I have eaten at Fuego Bistro many times and each time is AMAZING!!! I have tried most things on the menu from spicy beef empanadas to the NY strip steak or the slow roasted pork. Everything I have ever had at this place is phenomenal. They flavor their food in unique ways I would never even think of and it turns out great.  The sides are delicious too (example: try the Green Chili Cornbread Casserole and Chipotle Cheddar Mashed Potato). I typically do not enjoy desserts, but they have a Chocolate Torte with ice cream that melts in your mouth (yes, that means you should get it!).I very rarely write reviews, but this place is totally worth it! The staff is very pleasant and you can usually catch the owner, Jeff, sauntering around. Every person I have introduced to this restaurant is blown away. One tip: The food does take a little longer to prepare than Jack in the Box, so allow a lunch break longer than 30 minutes to allow time to order, receive and enjoy your food. Also, if you are planning on going on a busy night like Friday or Saturday, I would suggest you call ahead to ensure a reservation since it is a smaller restaurant. I first found out about this restaurant a few months ago through a promotion and once you try it, you'll be hooked too.  They also participated in Restaurant Week in 2010 and I hope they do it again in 2011!
5	Found this place on yelp, and had to give it a try. Exceeded our expectations! The fuego pasta dish is AMAZING, a definite must have. The boyfriend loved the pork nachos as well.
5	Terrific restaurant all the way around.  The food is amazing and our service was completely top notch.  We went with a large group for a Saturday lunch and they generously gave us our own room with clearly one of their best servers.  We were made to feel right at home and had a wonderful time.  I followed others recommendations and had the pork nachos and ordered the Fuego Pasta with shrimp for my wife. Both were delicious.  The only negative was listening to my wife give me a had time for actually finishing the huge plate of nacho.  I think the chips were homemade as they were light, crispy, and very tasty.  Can't wait to go back!
3	We had a Groupon for this place that we just couldn't seem to get around to using. I suppose it was because the place was nearly an hour from our house. Anyway, I really wanted to love it. But here's what happened:Things I loved:When we couldn't get a reservation the last week of the Groupon the owner offered to extend the date so we could use it; They have a GORGEOUS patio - with live music; service was very good; portions were generous: amazing mashed potatoes and cornbread casserole.Things I didn't:The prices - they are steep; the complexity of the food. Now this last requires elaboration. I was reminded of a TV show (this actually sounds harsher than it is) that Gordon Ramsey does. In one episode a very nice French restaurant was having trouble and he explained to them that their dishes were too complex and it hurt the flavor. He suggested they simplify, which I believe they did, and to good result. This was my experience. The dishes I loved were simple and absolutely delicious.But our entrees were not and they suffered for it. For example, my ribeye had cajun seasoning, then it had a roasted vegetable medly on top, then it had melted blue cheese over the seasoned meat and vegis. Too many flavors. And not one wowed because they all got lost in each other. Same with Jim W's chicken. It had panko breading and tomatillo cream sauce. But it also had goat cheese, crumbled bacon, pico de gallo and tortilla pieces. It sounds delicious but when I tried it the flavors were muddled and confused.  I hate to say it, but I would have been happier elsewhere. I'm going with 3.5 stars. I'm going to keep an eye on their menu. Maybe I'll give them another try.
4	Things I liked: - You can text your reservation at anytime - The restaurant and patio are beautiful inside compared to the nondescript building they are housed in - The waiters and bus boys were very friendly, knowledgeable, and alert to our needs (i.e. refilling glasses etc) - The food was amazing! (Although, other yelpers have said the portions are shareable I finished my entree by myself) -Drinks! The sangria was amazing (very strong) Other than being slightly pricey (unavoidable for quality food), there isn't anything I dislike!
3	Consider this 3.5 stars. So here's the deal.  The service is great, the atmosphere is nice inside and out and the food is good.  The prices?  Not so great for good food.The sides were actually better than the main dish which is where they fall from 4 stars, especially considering that entrees are $20-25 bucks.I had a chicken breast that was panko breaded, smothered in tomatillo & cream sauce, topped with bacon, goat cheese, pico de gallo (fresh onion, tomato, cilantro, etc) and crispy tortilla strips.  Frankly I don't think I ever tasted the chicken.  Or the bacon.  Or the goat cheese.  Those are the things I was looking forward to.  That's what sold me on the dish.  But they were lost in the tomatillo, the cream, the salsa, the tortilla strips...this dish tried to do too much and suffered for it. This chicken was a jack-of-all-trades, master of none.The sides-cornbread casserole and spicy mashed potatoes-were very good.The bottom line?  Good but not great and if I'm paying $21 for a chicken breast I should be wowed.
5	The short rib roast was heavenly!  Great mojitos, service, and atmosphere as well.
2	I went here tonight with the BF. We thought it was really meh, capital MEH. We had a reservation, but for some reason got sat inside. There were virtually no people eating inside and outside was lively and had a band playing... we couldn't even hear it inside... it was like silent. I would think they would at least open the doors, but nope. So that was a bad start. It took our waitress a long time to even come to our table, and when she came she asked if we wanted drinks and apps (which we didn't given the portion size) and we ordered dinner. The waitress seemed kind of short with us, and it may have been that she was busy or that she was mad we didn't order more items. Anyway, so I ordered the chicken and the bf ordered the pulled pork. Both were pretty lack luster. First off, the food came out really fast... like it was all premade fast... and it wasn't really hot, just kind of warm. Like other people have said, the chicken sounds really good but actually comes out kind of bland. The menu says the chicken is pounded but my chicken was like 2 inches thick, so that was weird. The breading wasn't really crispy and the whole thing just wasn't that good. The bf's pork was also kind of bland, even with the dipping sauce that came with it. The sides were alright (mashed potatoes, corn bread, carrots-these didn't have a ton of flavor). Despite the food being underwhelming, we did decide to order dessert. This is why I gave this restaurant 2 stars. The banana burrito was delicious! I wish I had just eaten this for dinner. So we get our check and I have a 30$ groupon. The bill comes back and only 20$ was taken off. We waited for about 6 minutes for the waitress to come back and she was good about it, she fixed it. It just seemed like a weird mistake. Anyway, for the two of us to get mains and split a dessert (no apps and no drinks) cost me a total of 45$ (would have been 60). This was way too much for what we got. I felt kind of ripped off. Maybe it was just my experience, but it was overall underwhelming.
2	BETWEEN FAIR AND GOOD.We went here on a Friday night.  I had short ribs, which were a big pile off the bone and recommended by the server, huge portion, tasty, and in general pretty good (I shared with everone and they were a hit with young and old).  My wife had the tuna, which was at best average.  I'm terrible cooking fish, and I do better.What shined were the side dishes.  I dislike cornbread normally, but the cornbread caserole was filling and outstanding.  The mashed potatoes with cheddar tasted several hours old, but still were good.  My wife tried the cornbread and like it, but also tried the carrots and said they were very, very plain and disappointing.Children had standard fair chicken fingers and fries for $5.  Other option was buttered pasta.  Can't complain about the price, but it would be nice if they had something a little healthier or interesting for the kids, like a very small portion of the short-ribs, which my kids loved. So here is the verdict... setting was pretty nice, especially in the enclosed patio, but food was just okay for an upscale restaurant, and in general overpriced.  For $20-30 entrees, I expect tastier better food.However, quantities were nice.  Use your GPS, because it's easy to get lost finding this place.  Just when you are about to turn around because it's residential, look to your right and it's there.Would I be back?  Perhaps.  I would like to try the happy hour (we just missed it) and try greater variety.  But I think there are definitely much better options in this price range in this portion of Phoenix (for example, Sierra Bonita Grill up the street comes to mind).
4	We had an awesome meal. I ordered the pernil asado with the cornbread and mashed potatoes.  Well sized portions and the quality was great. Probably the best cornbread I've ever had. Gf had the tilapia and she couldn't stop raving about it. The carrots were also excellent.Had the banana burrito for dessert and it was very good as well.    Also, the service was very good.Their lunch and happy hour menus seemed very good and reasonably priced. Will definitely come back here, especially during these hours.
5	We were vacationing in Phoenix & decided to check out Fuego Bistro for dinner after reading all the great reviews on Yelp. We arrived with no reservation but the hostess gladly offered to seat us at the bar with bartender extraordinaire Steve. The meal was completely amazing... it knocked our socks off! We ordered the pernil asado & the short ribs, with the cornbread casserole, jalapeno creamed corn, green beans & chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes as our sides. There is not a single thing either of us can find wrong with anything we ate! The flavors & textures were like heaven in our mouths. It's been a month since we ate there & I'm still thinking about it. That really speaks to what a huge impression they left on me.The dessert menu looked really good as well but the portion sizes were so huge that there was no way we could've eaten anymore.Thanks Yelpers for the great recommendation!
4	The food here was great! Wish there was more indoor seating, but the seating both indoor and outside is nice, live music sometimes, nice decor.  I've tried a few of the specialty drinks, some are good some are so/so but isn't it always that way? Just preferences.  The prices are a bit high, but the portions are worth it, we can split a meal typically.  The Deserts are awesome too!
4	I am a GROUPON kinda Guy and this was one of the great finds I came across month ago and decided to finally use it. The only thing was the groupon was only valid for din din... bummerAlthough it was Friday and I was in a Happy Mood and decided to stay for lunch. We decided to sit at the bar and familiarize ourselves with the lunch drink menu. I would have to recommend the Mojito. For the lil' drinker in you, choose the white sangria over the red (I heard it has more alcohol in it)But for the tummy I would shout out the recommendation of the Tostadas! The were amazing! I hope you are not allergic to avocado because instead of refried beans the avocado is the base of this lovely snack. I only ordered one portion that was probably the only thing I was upset with. I can't wait to head back for din din to use my groupon
4	My husband and I went here after a delightful afternoon at the Phoenix Art Museum (it's about  3 miles from there).  We had yelped a place close to the museum,  and this one popped up, and we are glad it did.  What a wonderful find.  And the previous yelp reviews helped in ordering:  chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes, jalapeno creamed corn, the cornbread, and the raspberry mojito (of which they had many choices to pick from) .   All were as yelpers described ---- superb!   An extra bonus was  to get to this place during the happy hour (3-6) because the drinks and appetizers were  less expensive, so that convinced us to try the Empanadas for the appetizer - yum!  (but other people were raving about the chiles rellenos, as well!)  Our congenial and helpful waitress Susie suggested pernil asado (pulled pork with a special sauce), and we were so glad she did because it was the hit of the evening for us. She had also suggested the Ribs, which we probably should have ordered, too, instead of the tillapia ---- the fish was good, but just not as wow as the other food on our plates.  She suggested to have dessert, but we are sorry we were just too full to take her up on the suggestion --- and there were desserts on the happy hour list, as well!  The outdoor seating capped the whole wonderful experience.  One added thing ---- you really have to search for the sign for this place because it doesn't front on the busy street --- but it's like Oz once you leave the drab parking lot (Dorothy's home) and enter through the gates of Fuego Bistro.  Enjoy!
5	Fuego Bistro is hands down one of the best restaurants in Arizona. I was incredibly lucky to have them cater my wedding this past weekend. I had all of my guests coming up to me raving that it was not only the best wedding food they had ever had, but some of the best food they had ever had. Jeff Ward creates an amazing experience for all of his guests. His attention to detail, and the care he puts into everything he does is evident. Kevin, also makes an incredible effort. If you haven't gone, you are missing out. The Coke Cola braised short ribs are a MUST.
4	First time at Fuego Bistro, and it was outstanding!  So first off, it's a little tough to find.  It's tucked in the back of other businesses, but keep searching.  The inside dining is very limited, but the place you want is on the patio, anyway.  We went for Happy Hour, which is a smashing deal.  The mojitos are truly wonderful.  We tried the Classic, Dragonberry, Blood Orange, and Coconut.  All fantastic.  For eats, we had the empanadas, (beefy, beany and oh so yummy), pork quesadillas, and Ahi tuna sliders.  All winners.  But the desserts, DANG!!!  We had the chocolate torte and the Key Lime Pie.  Now, it's really hard to get good Key Lime pie, but theirs is homemade and fantastic!  Service was wonderful, prompt and friendly. We can't wait to go back and try the full dinners.
5	Knew this was going to be great when it was a Mom/Pop hole in the wall.  Food was very good, service was excellent.  Waitress, Suzie was hilarious and a great help.  Would suggest asking for Carlos' special hot sauce if you like spice or will be a bit bland.  Great happy hour menu.  Had the happy hour chile rellano (massive) and the nacho pork (great).
5	Great patio and awesome food! The flavors are delicious!
4	I grew up on Empanadas in Panama and I have been hard pressed to find anything close to them in the U.S.. today I found them! A perfectly crunchy crust and the beef was beautifully spiced. Usually Empanadas are bland and soggy. They did a great job on these.I usually don't like rice, but the rice and black beans were wonderful. Service was great! I'll be back!
5	Alas...I've given up the idea of writing a review for a place if it isn't at least 4 stars. Sue me; I'm in the industry. Fuego Bistro is by far one of the best places I've been to recently. I was introduced to it this last weekend on a date. Ironically, it's super close to my house yet I've never heard of it. When we were arriving, I was a little curious to see where the hell he was taking me since there aren't any signs really and it's pretty hidden. Once we were inside, though, it was like finding a little treasure.The patio is welcoming & even though we didn't have a reservation (aka we couldn't sit outside) we snagged a table close enough to enjoy the beautiful weather. We started off with a round of mojitos and even though it's been a few years since they've won best mojito...I can say the Prickly Pear was the best I've had in a while. The Ahi Tostadas followed & they were awesome...the sauce added a kick to it & it was a perfect start to the meal.After, we shared the Fuego Pasta with chorizo, chicken, mushrooms, peppers, & a chipotle cream sauce...huge! What I did eat of it was delicious. My favorite (and my date's I'm fairly certain) was the special...an herb crusted Mahi Mahi with a pineapple sauce, home-made cornbread, & chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes. Amazing. Even though the Mahi Mahi might be hard to come by if you visit, the two sides aren't & are so good, I'm droolin' just thinking about it. :)Dessert? Try the banana burrito. Heaven on the tongue!Kevin was an excellent server which just highlights the night. It's hard to have a great meal without great service but he provided just that.If you're in the area...check it out. If you aren't...check it out. I'm pretty sure you won't be disappointed.
5	Impressive, usually I look for a reason not to give a place that 5th star because i dont want overate anything but I didn't find that reason not too here.Exceptional experience, I had the empenada as a starter, very tasty(I love empenada's) the entre was the fuego pasta. This was the stand out  to me. An entire pasta dish w/ chicken, chorizo, green peppers, onions etc , layer on top of the softest most delicious tortilla I have ever tasted. You could tear a piece of the tortilla and fill it with pasta and meat. Also had the banana burrito desert and some mojitos. Everything I ate I would recommend
2	My partner brought me here for what we thought would be a nice, romantic birthday dinner at a cozy neighborhood spot. We hadn't been in a year or so, and were both disappointed - here's the good + bad:The good:1. Shared plate #1 - slow-roasted pork, green chile cornbread casserole and maple-glazed carrots were all excellent, especially the pork which was so flavorful. Would have this again in an instant.2. Classic lime mojito - very good if not just a bit sweet (but see point about drinks below)3. The happy hour menu - 1/3 of the dinner page - looked great. 3-6pm, may have to give that a try instead of dinnerThe bad:1. Place was empty at 8pm - just one other table inside besides us (plus one guy at bar, one table on patio)2. No music until halfway through dinner - then The Cure, Violent Femmes and other 80s alternative - which I like, but not in a sit-down restaurant for dinner. And the bartender sang along occasionally - ugh.3. Mixed drinks in a pint glass - never a fan unless at a dive bar.4. Out appetizer never came - waiter said he didn't remember us ordering even though he commented that the dish was good when we ordered. With just one other table, a big disappointment. (to his partial credit, he did bring us A SMALL PORTION of the appetizer with our entrees for free)5. Shared plate #2 - new york strip, cheddar mashed potatoes and organic green beans were all just OK. Not a fan of the sauce the steak was in, and topping of mushrooms, onions and peppers too heavy. Way too much mashed potatoes and green beans, which were both pretty bland.6. Toward the end of our meal, a young boy came into the restaurant and started playing with a ball right next to our table. I am not joking. wtf?Overall, I'd like to think we just experienced an off-night here. But, attention to details like mood and music  (plus getting everything you ordered) are also important. Some of the food was very good, so we may give it another try sometime - but, truthfully, I think there are a number of better restaurants in the area.
5	I can't say enough about this place.  I originally found out about it last year with a Lunchclub email.  I tried it and have been hooked since.  Going there for lunch today actually with my brother and his family.  I will never have a chile relleno anywhere but Fuego!  Mojitos and Sangrias are great!  The food never disappoints!  Glad to see the nomination and review on PBS' Check Please! Arizona.  The firm I work for recently had them cater an event as well.  I was thrilled.  Fuego Taco at The Esplanade has the same great food, but the drinks are smaller and the atmosphere can't touch Bistro's.  I plan to go there forever.
2	Wow, a lot of rave reviews here. Somehow I think that company management has slipped us all a mickey . . . perhaps Uncle Mickey,  because he and Aunt Phylis and all the kids are posting here. That's because I can't find any of this stuff they are raving about.OK, yes it is hidden and hard to find. But does that by itself make it good? In my opinion, this is one of those restaurants that is making a killing off Groupon and other promotions. I think that we're now seeing a certain type of restaurant emerge that actually LIVES OFF OF those "daily deal promotions." While my wife and I were eating, I saw two other transactions in which someone handed the Groupon coupon to the waiter. That's OK if its normally priced, or a good deal, because than Groupon is introducing you to something special and you're getting an even better deal. But hey . . . $9 drinks? $5 bottles of beer? These prices at a place where you have to sit on rinky-dink plastic outdoor furniture with wobbly tables just like you might see at the "patio" outside some cheazy taco joint or fast food place.My wife ordered a THIRTEEN DOLLAR appetizer, because it was one of the cheaper things on the menu and it included four scallops that someone had squirted some sauce over. That's it. LIterally gone in four bites. While my dish was larger, and the pork and mashed potatoes tasted good, it just didn't make our expectations after reading Yelp reviews.I like to support small, hidden out of the way places, and I enjoy the kind of latin fare that this restaurant promotes. But I'd like to see fair treatment of the customer first and foremost. Offering a pint of draft beer at a fair price and a mojito special would be one way to start on that path, Fuego. Reducing your dependency upon the "jack up the price and then offer them a Groupon discount" would be a second suggestion.
3	Went here with a Groupon and had heard great things about this place so were looking forward to it.  Had to make a reservation according to the Groupon, which is not what  I like to do, but went along with "the instructions" .  Got a nice table on the patio and order the made from scratch sangria and looked over the menu which seemed great.  The sangria just didn't do it for me - it tasted a little off, if that is possible with sangria.  I noticed that no-one else had ordered it around us, so I am guessing that was not the right thing to order.  I ordered the chicken and my partner the pork.  We had the same sides of green beans and cornbread.  The cornbread was good - we have both moved here from the south, so it was as good as what we were used too.  The green beans were a little bland for me - I felt they were just like I cook them at home (i.e. nothing special !).  The chicken itself was fine, just not a wow - I just can't tell you exactly why.  I think there may have been too much going on with it, I am not sure, I just wasn't like  "OMG I must have some more of this".  The pork, to me, just tasted like shredded pork, again nothing special, but my partner really liked it.Overall i was disappointed after hearing such great things about this place and have had better Latin American cuisine elsewhere at better prices as well  - sorry Fuego Bistro.
4	Came here this past Saturday during Phoenix Food Week and got their Pre Fixe special for the event.  It was 30$ and had 3 courses including a free drink choice. Not a shabby deal.I went with a date and we agreed to get different things so we can sample more of their offerings.For my drink I got the Blood Orange Mojito.  Supposedly this place is known for their Mojitos, but as a huge fan of Mojitos, I can tell you that the Mojito is simply "Ok".  They use Monin syrup for their flavorings so dont expect an actual prickly pear or blood orange in your mojito.  The other drink we got was a Carribean Volcano which was made with SoCo and some other medely...but all I could taste was Pineapple.  Ok so drinks aren't their thing....on to the food.Course 1:  There was 4-5 things to choose from but the two that caught our eyes were the Salmon Croquette and the Chili Empanada.  From what I hear, the Empanada is also something that Fuego Bistro is known for.  I dont know if maybe I got unlucky but I really did not care for the Empanada.  The shell was crispy and tasty but the beef filling was bland and boring.  The pico de gaio sprinkled on top did not really do anything to the dish either.  In contrast...the Salmon Croquette was amazing...I want to go back and order a whole meal of that! lol.  The salmon was perfectly mixed with the other spices in the Croquette and it was cooked perfectly.Course 2:  We got the Pernil Asada and the Tilapia.  Both dishes were tasty and I cant say anything bad about them, I also cannot say anything great about them either.  The Tilapia was basically Country Fried with a mild sauce on top and the Pernil Asada was a well executed pulled pork.  Each dish came with 2 sides and I can safely say that the side dishes impressed me more then the main course.  The creamed corn was heavenly, the Mashed Potatoes were delicious and the cornbread was phenomenal....(im out of adjectives, sue me)  The Green Beans were cooked well but needed seasoning...simply adding some salt fixed that problem.Course 3:  We got the Bread Pudding and the Chocolate Torte.  Both were served with a scoop of ice cream that had chocolate slivers in it.  I gotta say, the bread pudding was awesome...I wish there was more of it, though im sure my waistline is glad there wasent.  I am not a fan of heavy chocolate dishes so the Torte was not for me, but if you ask my date how it was she would probably describe the event as orgasmic...at least thats what it sounded like.
4	Despite the awkward location, the food was really good!  As part of restaurant week we came here for the tasting menu.  Our reservations were for later that evening and we got in maybe 30 min early.  There were several tables available, but the manager or whatever he was...made us wait on this awkward bench next to people who were eating.  It was really uncomfortable....and I was getting annoyed.Later he realized that since there were a handful of tables open...and instead of torturing us he would finally seat us (the entire time we were looking on yelp for the nearest restaurant as we were starving and tired).  He made some off handed comment about money being wasted since we were sitting there...and then made another weird comment about my birth year when he carded me?!?  Anyway, we ordered off the tasting menu and had the nachos and empanada- AMAZING.  must try.  For dinner my date got the Asada and I went with the pasta- both came with two sides.  I just have to say the mashed potatoes are amazing and you must get them.  My mouth was at a happy on fire state of and couldn't be happier.  I will have to say that the service is just ok.  It seemed like this may have been the first time these people were servers and were a bit shy.  Even when we were awkwardly sitting there two ladies we were sitting next to were complaining it was slow.  Besides that, the food was really good and so was my watermelon mojito.  I also really liked the atmosphere- sitting outside and having a nice quiet dinner.  perfect.
4	So, it was my weekend to choose dinner, and being that it was restaurant week I perused the menus for one that intrigued me. I arrived on the menu for Fuego Bistro and after reading the reviews on yelp decided this was THE PLACE. We arrived around 7pm and were somewhat confused where to park, but after we did, we found the restaurant entrance and were seated. The host was very friendly and proactively saw our table was shaky and fixed it for us. They have a nice area for sitting outside and had live music, which was quite enjoyable. It did take our waitress awhile to greet us and take our drink order, but other than that slowness at the beginning, the rest of the service was good. Also, something I really enjoy is when the servers are passionate about the food they are serving and at Fuego, that definitely came across. Now, the most important part, the food. It was excellent. We tried a bit of everything since it was restaurant week. I really liked the nachos (which were HUGE) and empanada. The pasta was excellent, with a nice kick and the chorizo was a great touch. The corn casserole is to die for! Dessert was OK in my opinion, but the appetizers and main courses for surpassed the dessert. To sum things up, Fuego is a fun, unique restaurant with great food and passionate service.
5	Long ago, I went to a great little cafe in uptown Phoenix. We had dinner in a courtyard with a fountain, live music, and a ballet school next to it. I couldn't remember what the place was called or where it was at to save my life. So I never returned... Years later, I started my search to go back to that great little cafe, only to find out it changed to Fuego Bistro. I was sad at first, until I saw the menu online. Soooooo up my alley. I love delicious spicy mixes of Latin and American cuisines. Restaurant week came and Fuego was on the list and they were including a cocktail with our 3 course dinner. Hells yeah!! Definitely my kind of place! Here's the meal rundown: 1st course: I got the empanada. So sad it wasn't empanadas. I could eat these for every meal for the rest of my life and never once complain of monotony. My buddy got the tostadas. Lucky him, he got two. I stole some of his beef that was on top and it was melt in my mouth delicious. So far, 2 for 2. 2nd course: I got the chili relleno with jalapeno creamed corn and chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes. O-M-G!!!! I don't even know where to start. The corn definitely had a kick and was made sweet white corn which added a nice balance to the spice. I have since bought sweet white corn and jalapenos to try to recreate these. It won't be as good; but that just means I'll be heading back. If I could make mashed potatoes this good, I'd move to Idaho. The chili relleno was bomb-diggity. Chicken, black beans, cheese, love. My friend had the signature pernil asado and the same sides as me. I hardly got the chance to try his he ate it so fast. Signature for a reason. YUMMMMMMY! Score: 4 for 4. 3rd course: I got the horchata chocolate chip bread pudding. I was so full I could not fully appreciate this giant plate of wonderfulness. My friend got the creme brulee and it was just as fantastic, but I'm going to say this round goes to the bread pudding. 6 for 6. As for the included cocktail, I had the white sangria. I love sangria. It was a perfect blend of sweet and crisp and didn't have too much fruit or wine flavor to it. It was strong and I could only make it through one. The server was super friendly, the atmosphere fantastic, the food to die for, and the drinks strong and delicious. I'm surprised this place isn't constantly packed with an hour wait. Definitely a new favorite. I'm so happy it's not that old cafe I was searching for.
5	The best restaurant in Phoenix in my opinion. The braised short rib is AMAZING and the corn bread is to die for.Great Mojitos and Margartias!You will not be disappointed!  Make a reservation; the place is tiny!
5	This may be my new favorite spot in Phoenix! I have been here about three times over the last two weeks and every time was all around peeerfect! I had heard of this place a million times and had never made it in, so finally my sister was in town to visit from San Fran (total foody might I add) and I paid Fuego Bistro a visit! We were impressed! First of all their specialty-the empanade, was excellent, which you would expect considering it is the specialty...but seriously it was great right down to the house made salsa on top! We happened to be there at a slow time between lunch and dinner and our waiter was also our bartender and he made one of the best mohitos I have ever had state side! I wasn't going to drink (driving) but, after seeing my sister's, I had to try one! The pork nachos are fabulous: the chips are made fresh, the pork was perfectly cooked and the salsa again was very tasty! We both had salads and the veggies were fresh and I always love house made dressings! Last time I went to Fuego on a date and we sat outside on the patio; it was very romantic and I ended up with the same server I had before...he is wonderful and he remembered me! My date ordered the ribs and they looked amazing and my tuna steak was tasty with the mango salsa and balsamic reduction! I HIGHLY recommend this place and the happy hour prices are wonderful considering the quality and quantity of the food! One more thing, this place is a little hard to find tucked back off of Palo Verde Rd. and buried within the middle of a courtyard...but it is well worth the effort to find it!
4	I came to Fuego Bistro for the first time during restaurant week, and definitely plan on returning! We sat outside on their cute patio, had excellent service, and even better food. I can't wait to go back and order off their normal menu. I guess my only complaint is that its a little hard to find, look for Apollo (I think that's it?) and you're close!
4	Amazing! I got the Shredded Pork which I believe is their house specialty. I had the casserole and mashed potatoes as my sides. The food was really creative and not your run of the mill Mexican. I def plan on going back soon.
4	I'm amazed that I haven't been here sooner--except for the fact its super hidden and would not know it was there unless you went looking for it. Well, go look for it! It was worth the search. I went with my family and first off: the portions are huge! We had the empanadas to start. Very good- crispy, not too spicy, wonderful flavors. We shared the braised short ribs and pulled pork with creamed corn, mashed potatoes, cornbread casserole and baby carrots. Absolutely divine! The flavors all melded together perfectly and was filling but not greasy. If you haven't been yet, go check this place out. Its a real treasure worth the hunt.
5	Oh how I love Fuego Bistro this place is top notch.  They even opened up another room for more indoor seating.  I ordered the Pernil Asado which is my favorite and their signature dish.  It is slow roasted suceulent pork served with an orange habanero mojo and local corn tortillas.  The pork seriously melts in your mouth and with the sauce I can't get enough of it.  For the two sides that go with it I love the Jalapeno Creamed Corn which is actually perfectly spicy and yummy.  I also got the Chipotle Cheddar Mashed Potatoes which are very good as well.  The Mojito's are a must have I usually can't go without at least two and they have many flavors to choose from I really like the Blood Orange flavor.  The best part is they usually have groupon's which make it very cost effective.
5	My parents' favorite place to eat in Phoenix.  Here is what they would say:The Mojitos were outstanding and both of our dishes were amazing.  Can't wait to go back again on a date night.
5	Wow. Excellent food, great service. You must give this place a try. the food is unique, sort of Spanish-fusion fare. A bit hard to find, but totally worth trying. Service staff are friendly and helpful, food is fresh and tasty, the environment/atmosphere is great with twinkling lights in the courtyard. Pulled pork asado and creamed corn with jalepenos were some of our favs.
5	Yeah even though its not super easy to find it the food is great.  Everything seems to have a Southwest flare.  The Mashed potatoes are great and the creamed corn is amazing.  The Short rib's are a must try.  If you are in this area and looking for a great dinner or lunch you should really check it out.  It is very small so a reservation wouldn't be a bad idea.
3	Think Tuck Shop, the Vig, or St. Francis, but with a markedly obvious Latin fusion direction.Fine drinks, very friendly staff, and I find the restaurant's setting and location to lend itself well to the slightly rustic (and slightly dirty) overall feel of the Bistro.  But, whatever Fuego may be missing in terms of polish, it more than makes up for it with a menu of very tasty and moderately creative offerings.I would order meats with confidence here, especially their pork, as they seem to really know what they are doing with their slow cooking.
3	A little out of the way but worth the venture if you are interested in bistro style street tacos. The tacos were very good- with the exception of the cabbage that they put on what I believe to be all of them. The service was great anhd the prices were okay. A good place for lunch dates!
4	Oh, lordy, this place was delicious. Just a cornucopia of scrumptious flavors. I had the braised short rib, green beans and chipotle mashed potatoes, and everything was insanely tasty.The layout is odd (we were in some sort of disconnected annex that was loud enough with three couples sitting in it...can't imagine what it's like when full), and it's pricey.The mojitos are amazing, but the Yelp special is really misleading. It says:"Mention YELP and receive one free mojito with each entree purchased at the Bistro, CANNOT be combined with any offer.. Who wants mint?"Except apparently you have to eat there three times to activate the whole free mojito thing. That doesn't sound right, does it?Also, we had a great server, but there was another lady there that was EXTREMELY boisterous. Like, slightly obnoxiously so. I'd rather have her than a bad server any time, but she'd be a bit much after a while.
5	Yummy mojitos!  They were packed yet they made room for us...super tasty dinner, cute place, we will go back again and again!
4	had the Cola and Pineapple Soy Braised Angus Short Rib Roast and my daughter had the Angus GriIIed New York Strip Steak.  The short rib roast was melt-in-your-mouth absolutely delish!  The NY strip was so so.  The meal comes with two sides.   We had the sides of  Green Chili Cornbread Casserole, Maple Chiliglazed Carrots, Sauteed Organic Green Beans, Chipotle Cheddar Mashed Potatoes.  The carrots and beans were so so but the potatoes and cornbread, YUM!  Next time we're ordering just the potatoes and cornbread.  The server was attentive and pleasant.
4	My wife and I had the chicken tortilla soup ($8) to start. The flavor was excellent. Would definitely eat it again. For the main dish we had the Fuego Pasta ($20). It was delicious and was bursting with heat. It came to the table hot off the stove and the flavors were spicy in a good way. We would order it again. For desert we had the grilled banana with the whip cream/coconut/walnuts/chocolate&carmel&strawberry sauce with ice cream ($8)...ya it hit the spot perfect. Delicious!Only downside is the prices are on the high side; but if you have the dollars to spend the food tastes great. Even the water was good...cause it was filtered, which was a nice change from other restaurants that serve Arizona's awful tap-water. Thumbs up! Service was good too. Ate by candle light.
5	No matter what choice you make at this place, it's going to be fantastic.  Friday and Saturday nights you'll definitely want to make reservations ahead of time but the live music while enjoying your meal is ambiance icing on an already delicious meal.I had the Pernil Asado plate which even without the sides was amazing.  The most succulent pork tacos on corn tortillas you'll ever taste makes you not want to put one down until finished, that is until you try the side choices.  I ordered the cornbread cassarole and the chipotle mashed potatoes, both are very generous portions and my brain couldn't make it's mind as to what my next bit was going to be because everything tasted so good.  I decided on a round-robin approach to get the most out of it all since my taste buds then couldn't become immune to one flavor.  The cornbread cassarole was a slightly bit spicy due to the chiles used but the sweet cornbread tamed it to a very light and slow burn.  Chipotle mashed potatoes, the name itself is pretty descriptive and if both of those things call to you, you will never be disappointed.With the meal was also ordered a dragonberry Mojito which was probably the best Mojito I've had in a long time, it went really well with the entire meal...especially the sweet sugared rim as a contrast to the spicy/hearty flavors of the meal.Excellent place, excellent food.  Only issue I could comment on is the lack of parking.  Don't park in the empty lot of Apollo's, they get real angry.  If you're not lucky enough to get a spot in the complex's small lot, you'll end up parking on the local side street, which does give the opportunity for a little post-dinner walk to help digest.
5	Fuego Bistro is AMAZING!  I normally do not write reviews but I cannot get the food out of my mind.  My husband and I tried this after purchasing the Groupon on a weeknight around 5pm.  BTW this is a tiny little place, so a reservation is a must. Hands down one of our favorite places! Shortribs  cornbread casserole and Sangira!!
4	After my third visit to Fuego, I am finally writing a review! I was early for my hair appt (Veez, next door) and my stylist was still with her previous client, so I went next door for a happy hour drink.  After perusing the hh menu, I decided on a margarita and the pork nachos. I wasn't hungry, but i am a sucker for pork and nachos... Put em together and seems like a winning combination, right?  Well, it is!! Wow, that pork is so incredibly tasty. It was all I could do not to moan at the bar while I ate them. The chips are good and thick (girth is important ;) ) There was perfect amount of melted cheese, black bean salsa and a nice pile of guacamole on top. I put a serious hurting on them nachos. And my margarita you ask? Fantastic! With salt, on the rocks... Classic. Delish. Perfect accompaniment to the nachos. I honestly can't remember what I ate on the two previous visits, as they were sometime last year, but I've not been disappointed in the food. On one visit last year, the service was a little slacking, but not enough to keep me from wanting to go back. I think I'll always plan to be early for hair appts now...
5	The short: Mouthwatering Cuban-influenced cuisine, awesome service, cute and warmly decorated space with a cool mix of art all over the walls. This is a restaurant I'll be going back to. The long: Fuego Bistro is off the east side of 7th St., just south of Bethany Home. Keep an eye out for the sign that says Apollo and turn in just north of that building. Fuego Bistro is next door to Apollo, and the small main parking lot is on the east side of the restaurant, but there's parking, sometimes makeshift, up and down Palo Verde Dr. If you're brave, or dumb, you can try to use the spot with the power pole growing out of it. I liked the look of the place--not too loud (visually or otherwise), and cozy without looking homely. I love the art there. The diners represented an even spread, which is always nice to see. The restaurant smelled like pork, but not in a scary way--it smelled like their famous pernil asado. The host was friendly, and the rest of the service staff was wonderful--fast, efficient, and totally unobtrusive, sliding silverware and refills in as needed before slipping quietly away, doing quality control checks after we'd taken a couple of bites of each course. That was especially impressive, considering out table was just big enough for the two of us. We split the appetizers. First we had the green chile cheeseburger empanadas with Yucatan BBQ Sauce, and fresh pico de gallo. While a lot of food can get by solely on the merit of being fried as long as they're fried well, as these were, the filling and accompaniments were so yummy. All the flavors melded together beautifully, and the pico de gallo added the fresh zest and bright flavor I wanted to start off the meal. We also had the Ancho-dusted Pacific wild salmon croquette with fresh capers and lemon buerre blanc. This was also well done and tasty, though it took a backseat to the empanada for me. My entree was the signature pernil asado, which the restaurant describes as "slow roasted succulent pork shoulder with a mango habanero mojo sauce." And it absolutely was as mouthwatering as its description implies. This was as good as any pernil asado I've ever had, and while I can't attest to Fuego Bistro's recipe, I can definitely say it tasted like a hunk of luscious meat that's been marinated overnight and roasted low and slow for 5 or 6 hours before landing on my plate. *sigh* It came with a continuous supply of little flour tortillas, tasty chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes, and perfectly cooked and delicious sauteed organic green beans. My boyfriend has the Fuego chile relleno, which was stuffed with "Natural Chicken, Black Bean, arroz, Oaxacan cheese, Penko Breaded in a Guajillo Chile Sauce." This dish was also really good and well cooked, but I was more impressed with his side dishes--a highly addictive green chili cornbread casserole and maple chiliglazed carrots, which were the best cooked carrots I've ever had. Between my green beans and his carrots, I was totally happy. If you make veggies as if they were a boring obligation or afterthought, you lose major points. I eat my veggies first before any other part of the entree, and if I don't want to go into my main dish feeling sad. Fuego Bistro does veggies right. For dessert, we had the Ancho dusted chocolate torte and the horchata chocolate chip bread pudding. Dessert's often the highlight of a dinner out for me, and while both were good in this case with the chocolate torte being my choice, it doesn't bother me at all that the first and second courses were the stars of the meal. Bonus points for the bartender who was so willing and gracious as to translate their extensive mojito menu into virgin drinks for us, since we weren't drinking that night. We would not turn down another round of watermelon and mango mojitos, and I'm looking forward to trying more of their menu.
4	I enjoyed this place. It was a nice change of pace. I'm really not into spicy food, but the food wasn't really spicy, although it had a nice kick to it. The place was a little small for my taste, but the food made up for it. The staff is very friendly and the prices were reasonable, compared to the huge servings of food. I went with a group. I had a blood orange mojito, and we shared some of their chicken, cornbread, creamed corn, steak, prawns, and the chipotle mashed potatoes.
4	Tried this place after getting a groupon.  I was very pleasantly surprised.  The location is not the best, but what was lacking in appearance, certainly made up for it with the food that was served.The decor inside of the restaurant is very well put together.  Somewhat, a kind of modern mexican feel.  I ordered the Cola and Pineapple Soy Braised Angus Short Rib Roast.  A great choice that I will definitely order again.  The meat was so tender and melted in your mouth.  The spices were spot on.  I paired it with the green chili cornbread casserole and chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes.  Both of which were amazing.My fiance had the pernil asado.  This was also very good, but was not my favorite of the two.  Although, I don't really eat pork.Overall, I would definitely recommend.  If you plan on going, get reservations, or you might end up having to sit at the bar.  Its a small place.  Sometimes so busy that they never answer their phone (something they can probably improve on).
5	Who would expect that tucked away behind Apollo's and a dance school and a barber shop would be this incredible gem?? Fuego Bistro just may be my new favorite place to eat! The atmosphere is amazing - the outdoor patio is pretty and romantic. I was thankful to be seated inside though - it's still a bit hot outside for dining alfresco! The inside is quaint and cute and cozy. Service was excellent - everyone was friendly and helpful And then the food...my lord....the food! Started with the empanada appetizer - so delicious. The sauce was sweet and it went perfectly with the pastry and the hearty filling. I had the Panko crusted chicken breast and it was really good - but the sides....that's the thing to go for...the cornbread pudding business is to die for - sweet, savory, creamy, crumbly - insane!!! The cheddar mashed potatoes were pretty amazing as well. This little bistro is worth your time and your money - I plan on becoming a regular.
5	This is our favorite restaurant in Phoenix.  The empanadas are dee-lish! (As is everything else).  We ended up trying this place after seeing a groupon and great reviews.  We've gone back a second time and we'll be heading there for a third time shortly.  All three times will be with Groupon-type deals.  Without the Groupon deal it would be a little expensive for what we're used to paying for dinner, but definitely wonderful food.  Top restaurant in the Valley that we've tried (so far).
2	I found the service here attentive and timely, but have to share some sentiments with other unimpressed Yelpers about the mediocrity of the dining experience. I was introduced to Fuego Bistro by my roommate who had purchased a Groupon without knowing anything about the restaurant.It has a charming vibe, it's off the beaten path in a quirky courtyard bordered by a salon and dance studio. But the food was unremarkable... not by any means inedible, but rather forgettable. I felt the restaurant concept was a little confused given the choice of sides which don't necessarily pair well with every entree. I had the seared ahi tuna which was topped with a balsamic reduction and a mango/red pepper/avocado salsa. It was cooked properly but underseasoned except for the balsamic reduction which was nothing but sweet. Perhaps the blandness of this dish could be remedied with chili and lime and salt, but regardless, it did not deliver on taste. I chose to have the chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes and sauteed green beans as side dishes. The green beans were the best of the two, simple and tender, but the potatoes were lacking in flavor. Chipotle was only hinted at and the cheese was entirely understated. I know there has to be a way to elevate this food, but Fuego has fallen short. My roommate was in agreement that the meal was not a hit. Even the Key Lime Pie for dessert did not make the grade. I see potential in this restaurant, since the staff is friendly and helpful. But ultimately, it's about the food and I can't recommend it. The only saving grace was that we did not pay full price.
4	Would have never found this place on my own -- off the beat and path, had a Groupon that took me there.  Nice place, good service, great & unique food.  Will definately go back.
5	The drive to Fuego Bistro is quite interesting.  My navigation told me to turn right, and it looked like I was turning into a ghetto drive-way.  Slowly after a couple minutes, I saw a ballet place and a quaint courtyard leading to the restaurant.  When we walked towards the courtyard, it looked much better.  They have outside seating and some inside seating.  We chose the outside because they had some live music going on.All the items looked very interesting.  I went for the Restaurant Week choice of Chicken Tortilla Soup, Vegetarian Enchiladas, and Banana Burrito sundae.  The vegetables in the enchilada tasted a lot better than I expected.  My friends shared beef empanadas and chicken chipotle pasta.  The flavors were very vibrant and rich.  Everything tasted exceptional.This place is family owned and the two chefs are from Guadalajara, Mexico.  This Hole in the Wall is a place I will have to visit again for Happy Hour.
4	What a nice little "gem" ~ Fuego Bistro, to find that serves great food, has a nice ambiance and is conveniently located from just about anywhere (that is if you can find it : ^) Our journey to Fuego's started by making a U turn in the middle of 7th because we missed Palo Verde Drive.  Some advise here ~ if you're not familiar with this area, using your iPhone or android map is a must! Although I must say, my co-pilot was using their android phone, that's why I had to make the U turn....  My iPhone would have done a better job in getting us there.  Back to our journey ~ we finally found Fuego Bistro, ugh...  or at least a sign that stated Fuego Bistro...  but the sign was in front of of hair salon and a dance studio.  Thankfully I read the Yelp reviews before going and knew this place was located somewhere behind these places.  Park the car, this is it!After walking past stated businesses we found Fuego's Bistro! Tadda!  This is somewhat of an unpretentious restaurant with dinning both inside and on a patio.  We chose inside due to the weather.  It was not crowded so we were seated right away.  The service was very accommodating and pleasant.  We got our drinks right away and our apps were not far behind.  Drinks were very good and our empanada's as our apps were OK.  I would have preferred the salsa on the side so I could control how much to use.  We ordered the Fuego Enchiladas ~  chicken breast stuffed in flour tortillas, black beans, jack cheese, in there homemade red chili dijon cream sauce with a side of their black beans and rice.  It was very good, great temp with a nice balance of spice and seasonings.  The rice was the side "super star"!  I chose their House Speciality ~ Chili Relleno which was stuffed with chicken breast, black beans, jack cheese, cilantro, panko bread crumbs, covered with guajillo chile sauce and it was also served with black beans and rice.  The stuffing in my chili relleno was delish!  The breading on the out side was a bit too thick for me and tasted a little stale.  But the stuffing and rice were fantastic!  This is a great little "gem" of a restaurant and I am looking forward to going back to Fuego Bistro again very soon. Next time I will most definitely use my iPhone map, I might make a hair appointment first, then eat at Fuego's and then book a dance class afterwards to burn off what I just ate : ^)
4	Great food and atmosphere; came a bit earlier than reservation but owner (who was on-site, mingling & managing) was VERY accommodating, set up a nice cozy table for us asap. Tasty food
5	Fuego bistro is amazing! I love the food, I was so impressed by the flavor of the dishes. This is one of my favorite restaurants. There is a nice patio you can sit on and I love the decor! Fuego BIstro is mouth watering.
4	Tasty empanadas! Substituted the lack beans for a cup of chicken tortilla soup which was excellent! Very friendly and helpful servers. They had a Yelp Checkin coupon that we forgot about, but the server saw that seen it when we did it, and even reminded us about it when the bill came. Highly recommended.
5	Thank you Fuego for continuing to serve outstanding food! I came for dinner on Saturday and had the short rib and I ate myself in to a coma. The food is fantastic, the service is stellar and the patio is bustling and cozy now that the weather is cooling down. I continue to recommend this place to friends and family and I am always glad I did.
2	Wonderful food. Can't remember what we ordered, but it was all delicious. The outdoor seating is nice, good ambience.The problem? Our waiter was super rude. We got horrible service and then when we left the restaurant, our server had the nerve to follow us into the parking lot to our car and asked why we tipped so little! Are you serious!?!? While he should have been serving other customers, he stood in the parking lot arguing with us about how he should have been tipped more. Wow! We tip based on the service we receive and would have tipped nothing if we were really being fair.
4	I've been to Fuego Tacos many many times and always love it! Finally remembered to make a reservation for Fuego Bistro and we went.Service was good. I had the fish, which I'd not order again. I can't remember exactly what I didn't like about it, but it was a little boring.Ben got the beef roast, I think. The sides were all great. His beef was just a big ol' portion of the same thing that comes in taco form over at Fuego Tacos. So, I think fuego tacos is a better value overall. But it was a big portion and he had plenty for leftovers.
5	Blood orange mojito is purrrfect. I hate sickly sweet drinks but this was perfect. As were the empanadas, spinach salad, and horchata bread pudding.SO WISH they were in Seattle!... Don't be discouraged by the random location (It's a bit scary); the actual venue has the cutest, sunniest courtyard and intimate indoor seating area too.
3	Maybe it was an off night or maybe it's because they have had sooo many Groupons available but our meal was mediocre.  I had the tilapia and it was way too crusty.  It took some serious work to cut that into bite size pieces.  It was our second visit and I would think twice before returning.  There are way too many really good places to eat to have to make excuses for a so so meal.
4	My new favorite neighborhood restaurant!  Pernil Asado is absolutely to die for as are the mashed potatoes.  The short ribs are a super close second.  I would suggest going with a friend and splitting the two plates, although you'll still have plenty of leftovers.  The atmosphere sitting outside is fabulous.
5	We love this place.  Cozy and quiet patio and the food is excellent.  Try the Pan Seared Blackened Ahi Tuna.  The portion was generous and it was done to perfection.  We've been a few times and found all the sides good but our favorites are the cornbread and the cheddar mashed potatoes.
4	I liked this place! The atmosphere was very inviting and even though we were right next to the live band, we were still easily able to hear each other. The cheddar mashed potatoes were to die for and the portions were good. I know everyone raves about the bread pudding, but I thought it was a bit dry. I liked my husband's fried banana way better. Great place to bring out of towners. We will come here again.
5	How anyone gives this place less than 4 stars is beyond me!   I am just assuming they are simply angry elves and will never be pleased, perhaps they were never loved as kids or just need a hug...but pay no attention to them.This place is amazing!  It's quirky, charming, hidden, sort of a tex-mex latin fusion, but at any rate- it's just plain good!   Definitely try some of the different mojito flavors, I think pomegranate was our favorite.  It's easy to rack up a bill at this place with the entrees, but I've heard they have great happy hour deals so check that out.About the restaurant itself- it really doesn't look like one from the street.  It is a bit hidden.  The restaurant inside is smaller, but very cute.  Personally I prefer the patio/courtyard, although I haven't been there recently I am assuming they have space heaters set out.  Each time we have eaten here we have the same waitress, who is just as quirky and charming as the restaurant itself, loved her, she just seemed like the happiest person on earth lol!  The owner also stopped by on one occasion, incredibly nice and personable. In short, go there and try it.  It might not be your style if you don't care for the tex-mex latin cuisine or if you are an angry elf person who cannot be pleased :)LOL- look at the one person that gave this place a 1 star rating, angry elf!
4	Food is delicious. Friendly staff. Very quaint. I recommend it.
5	The food was fantastic, as was the service.  The location is a little hard to find, but well worth the effort.  I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant.  I will be back!
5	This is the wedding of a smart owner and some great cooks in the kitchen.  First off, they have a small--probably 8 tables at most and that's counting several 2 person tiny tables--cafe offstreet in an alley.  We had a little problem finding it with the gps but we did.  He does have tons of parking, tho, across the street so that's no problem for those of you who worry.When we went last night in mid-January he had plenty of tables outside with many people sitting out there and even his hostess podium there, too.  Very smart move.Nobody seemed to mind it was winter and sitting outside, so I can only guess it was suitably warm out there.  We, however, were sat inside right next to the kitchen.  But, then again, if you are inside the cafe you will always be somewhat close to the kitchen.Now, the service:  Either this owner has told his servers to realllly take care of the patrons or we got the world's greatest server.  This gal (I'm guess 40's, long blonde hair) first gave us when we said we'd order sangria 2 tastes of both white and red for us to decide which one.  We went with the white that night.  It was good, but, having lived in Spain, it wasn't really authentic sangria.  Where was the fruit that always goes in sangria a la Spain?  Oh well...still good tasting.The lady server also gave us 2 free empanadas for me and my gal pal to taste.  OMG!  I have never ever liked empanadas because the crust is always crap and the filling is always dry or dull.  But these empanadas...like nothing I have ever tried before:  judgment is fantastically delicious!We both ordered the pork dinner which is pork shoulder (pulled pork to you) sans any sauce which comes on the side.  It's a whitish sauce--I think they called it mole or moro or something--that was light and delicious to me.  I poured it all over my huge portion of pork.I also ordered the special potatoes (wonderful!) and the creamed corn (a tad jalapeno hot for me but not bad at all).  My friend ordered the jalapeno bread, and I will get that next time as she gave me a taste....and, again, delicious.I consider myself somewhat of a foodie, and I say this place is soooo worth going to again and again.  Great food!  And even my gal pal who has some kind of intestinal bowel problem said she wanted to go back she loved it so much.This is my go-to place to eat in Phoenix now when I want some Spanish-style foods.  Fresh, delicious and you REALLY get taken care of here.  I love this place, and I can tell by this young owner's attitude that he really wants you to love his food and his service...and to enjoy yourself.  We did, we do and we will definitely be back here!!!!My prediction from the smart way the owner has set his place up that he will go very, very far in the restaurant business.  Clever set-up, great food, great service = a whopping success!!!!(Oh, forgot:  The lady server--since we went between getting the short rib or the pork--also brought us a couple bites of the short rib to taste.  Is that fantastic service or what????)UPDATE:  Been there a couple times now and ordered the same thing as before--only they didn't give up any free empanadas that night.  Dang...we were so stuffed anyway we could hardly get up from the table.  Food still delicious, tho!I love this restaurant, and plan to bring my ex-Chef son here to eat soon.
4	I have been going to Fuego Bistro for a few years now.The intimate atmosphere is quite romantic & I highly recommend sitting outside under the moon & stars.  When calling for a reservation ask to dine on the patio or in the room with the bar, the "other" room isn't as lively.  Beware the food portions are huge....save room for the deserts as they are simply devine & made in house.  The new times have given the restaurant kudos for their mojiotos & i have to agree with the new times staff, they are good  i like the regular ones the flavored ones are also good, just not my favorite.It is a small operation, the kitchen is effecient & depending on the day you could wait for service & food.  It is well worth the wait.  Bring a companion that you actually enjoy their company, or sit at the bar & be a companion of the restaurant.
5	Oh yeah, i'm a fan. The bistro is definitely off the beaten path, we almost couldn't find it. I'm so glad we did. The chili relleno was very much to my liking. The sauce that covered my entree was spicy and so yummy. It really was a beautiful dish. The black beans and rice were full of flavor too. I was so stuffed from the entree, that I got a slice of key lime to go. I tasted my sister's and was blown away. The food was so good, i'm not even going to remove a star for the flavorless lime mojito. This place is a hidden gem.
5	What a lovely restaurant. It is literally tucked away on a residential street so pay close attention or you will miss it, better yet just use your GPS.So, we went yesterday for a pre-birthday lunch for me and my sister. I started with the spinach salad with citrus vinegarette dressing, BACON, goat cheese and candied walnuts. It's an entree side so I split it with my man. My main course was the stuffed empanadas. It came with a large portion of beans & rice. Um, um, good!! At most restaurants it seems like the beans & rice are an afterthought, but not here. Everything was perfectly seasoned. Surprisingly, I managed to save room for dessert. Key lime pie with topped with toasted coconut. I'm a key lime pie connoisseur and this is as good as it gets.Our waiter told us about how happening Fuego gets on weekend nights with a live band, can't wait to return on the weekend.
4	Recently went to Fuego Bistro after hearing about it and reading the great reviews.  I wasn't disappointed.  As mentioned, the place is small and a bit hard to find, but not impossible.  All of the tables were taken when we showed up for dinner, so we ate at the bar which was actually our preference.  Steve the bartender served us - nice guy, knowledgeable and passionate about the food there.  We split the special that night, which was a stuffed pork tenderloin - absolutely delicious.  Also split the scallop appetizer - also delicious.  Great (red) sangria also.  All in all a really good find and we'll be back to try a couple of other items highly recommended on the menu.  Steve mentioned they have a jazz group outside on Fridays which sounds like fun.  Definitely recommend.
5	What's not to like?? This place is absolutely awesome and is quickly becoming one of Phoenix's not-so-best kept secrets. I tell everybody about this place. It may be a bit difficult to find for the first time - it's is in a very non-descript area of town, off the beaten path with no street visibility (except when they put their A-frame sign out.) The food is consistently delicious.Both the Asado and White Prawns were cooked to perfection. The sides of chiliglazed carrots, green chile cornbread casserole, chipotle mashed potatoes and creamed corn are also incredibly tasty - and just the right portion size. As much as we love this place, we hadn't been in quite a while so were pleasantly surprised that they have expanded. We sat outside because the weather was terrific, but it is great to know that there are now more tables available for when our weather es caliente!
5	Love love love!!!  Great service, great food, great drinks, great wine.  We sat outside on the patio on a Saturday night, listened to live music and shared some wine and food.  Very romantic setting, and peaceful.  The appetizers are not truly appetizers...they are MEALS!!  Had the ahi tuna tostadas...couldn't eat anything after that.  The portions are large, so split if you can.  The food is very very very very good.  We ended up taking some friends there a few days later.  They loved it too.  Love the atmosphere.  This is a perfect place for a nice romantic dinner on the patio.  Absolutely make reservations first.
3	My husband and I heard about this cute little place in Phoenix. Cute, yes. . .nice patio, yes. . .and the rave stops there.The food was very delicious and some of the dishes unique. We enjoyed some of the small plates - have to say the enpanadas were awesome! But the so-called amazing drinks we kept hearing about, definitely didn't find those. My husband's mojito looked and tasted like it had been sitting on the bar counter waiting for someone to order it. My sangria tasted a little better than something you would buy at the store in a pre-made mix.Not saying we won't go back, like I said the food was great, but we definitely won't be spending $13 on a drink, probably stick to wine and beer.
5	The food was the best in recent memory. Two of us had the wonderful stuffed chicken special. The seafood dish and asada were also amazing.Everyone in our party of 4 loved their meal and decided that this was their new favorite restaurant!! Unique and very tasty!!The ambiance, TOP-NOTCH service and mojitos were all divine as well.
5	I find it hilarious that someone would reference this place as being terrible,  compare it to (overpriced and bland) Humble Pie, and in the same breath say it was the best chili relleno you ever tasted. I can't vouch for the chicken tacos but most street tacos are nowhere near packed with meat. By definition they are usually very tiny with onions,some guacamole, a little cabbage, and some small cuts of meat.  I can say the tilapia tacos are tops(large filet on each) on the list of my girlfriend's quest for good fish tacos. I can say the pork nachos are the best I have had as the pork reminds me of Los Dos Molinos in a small way. The empanadas are excellent as well.If you go for happy hour you can get two empanadas for 6 bucks. You can also get 2 large fish tacos for 6 bucks. Would you like some awesome tortilla soup? 4 bucks.If you get the dinner version of the emapanadas with a large portion of some of the best rice and a side of black beans I think it sets you back about 11 bucks. I have also had the chili relleno and it is the best I have tasted as well leaving me to wonder with the single review you have for anything, why the venom?I learned long ago to ask for what is recommended for before you order and if someone recommends a place try what they are harping about first. When I asked they said the chili relleno, pork, empanadas, and red sangrias. Guess how my dining experience went? Try ordering tacos from Los Dos Molinos and you will leave pissed. Order the green chili pork and you will drive 100 miles for it.I do hope you give it another chance I have honestly never had anything sub par here in my 7 or so visits and they seriously could charge way more for quality than they do.  I agree that Main Ingredient is great also, that's why I took the time to write about it. But to reiterate:11-13 dollar for most dinner items besides new york strip(on the list to try), is not priceyhappy hour has most items for 4-6$street tacos are not bursting with meatask what is the best thing on the menu when you order some place then you can write it off all you want.Humble Pie  was more pricey and not worth it, All it does is take up parking from a much better place next door. For a place with the reference to pizza in it's name you would think it would be better, it tasted like peter piper.I would love to know what a good chicken taco is in your opinion, I cant think of any besides maybe the California tacos at the now closed Chuy's, but the ones my sister ordered from here were full of chicken and topped with a nice chipotle/ranch like sauce which is similar.
5	For a romantic dinner, the patio of this small cafe is beautiful at night.  We sat outside as the lights began to come on throughout, it was wonderful.  We enjoyed two margaritas at happy hour prices each!  We also enjoyed wonderful pork empanadas, they were huge!  I ordered the seafood chile relleno with green chile cornbread and the maple-glazed chipotle carrots.  My honey ordered the chipotle chicken with green chile cornbread and chipotle mashed.  We were highly impressed with the quality of the food -- everything was fresh and delicious.  The prices were high, though.  Anyhow, still a fan.
5	This is the best bistro in Phoenix by far. When I feel that all food in Phoenix is bland and cookie cutter, I come here. To get a real plate of food in front of me. They know what they are doing here. Great for dates, & best happy hour in Phoenix x100
5	Two words of advice:1) Turn into the parking lot to the east of the building.  Walk right into the Fuego patio.2) Go veerrry hungry, the portions are huge.A friend and I went for dinner on a Groupon.  It was happy hour, but since the Groupon required two entrees, we didn't get appetizers.  However, some of the dessert items are on the happy hour menu, so we ordered one at the HH price, for consumption later.  This was typical of the cooperative and friendly service during our whole visit.  Everything was topnotch and my friend claimed that the dessert, the horchata bread pudding, was the best dessert she'd ever seen/eaten--this from a real dessert maven.  Beautifully presented, it was almost more than two of us could manage, even with taking home two-lunches-worth of our entrees.  Attractive and cosy, and we enjoyed watching the servers work--they're a really professional team.  I look forward to returning soon.
5	Went for Happy Hour with friends today. Everything was SO good!! The pork tacos, the empanadas, veggie quesa...would get them each again. The prices were awesome for the portion sizes. Our server was excellent!! Respectful and attentive and helpful.Will be back very soon, was my first time.
4	We and friends eat at the place about twice a month. Love the veggie tostada appetizers, the pernil asado, and the seafood chili relleno is super good too. Love servers Suzie and Steve (who also tends bar). Love the Ben Marco wine as well. Also love to sit outside when the weather cooperates - like it is now - and on special nights they have a guitar player on hand. Super quaint place and fantastic food to boot - it's all good.
4	We ate here for the first time last night and it was very good.  I had the Natural Farm Chicken Breast: pounded, panko breaded in a sauce of tomatillo cream, goat cheese, bacon and tortilla pico de gallo.  The portions were enough to have for dinner and bring some home for lunch today.  I also tasted the Wild Pacific Scallop appetizer, it was good but I felt it would have been great with just a little squeeze of lime to cut the sweetness.  Overall a nice evening at a reasonable price.  I would definitely go again.
5	The seafood chili relleno green chile cornbread casserole are must haves.
5	Great little restaurant.  The staff is super friendly, and their happy hour specials are pretty amazing.  I got thePanko crusted Tipalia which was a little dry, but my girlfriend's stuffed mahi mahi was delicious.  The Horchata bread pudding was really good too.  They have a nice patio where most of the customers sit, I will be bringing my dog with me next time.  It is a bit expensive, so be prepared to drop some money, but it's definitely worth checking out.
4	I heard the summoning of my fellow yelpers confidence in past experiences of pure delight. Exotic pleasures upon my pallet were soon to come. If you simply can't choose for yourself on which meal to dine; their savory beef, flavorful chicken or succulent pork are sure to inspire. I experienced the "Cola and Pineapple Soy Braised Angus Short Rib Roast", "Signature Pernil Asado", and "Pernil BBQ Quesadilla"; all cooked to inspire moments of bliss. The Short Rib Roast; my favorite of the three, leaves no room for disappointed, and that's a personal guarantee ;)April and May are the perfect months to enjoy their outdoor patio, tucked inside the conspicuos hidden courtyard at the corner of 7th street and Palo Verde. As usual with many establishments I visit, snag a great deal by picking up a $25 off 2 entree's certificate from restaurant - com. With certificate in hand, you could walk out the door for close to $30 including tax and tip. During the hours of 3-6 pm (Tuesday - Saturday), try appetizer portions of most popular dishes for $5 - $7 each.Happy dining my friends!
5	This place is great.  Quite unique and good atmosphere.  Some dining is outside in a courtyard.  Bear that in mind when going.We never knew it existed until we tried it out with a groupon. We've been there several times since and turned other folks on to the place as well.Everything we've had has been great and the service is always top notch.  Awesome happy hour as well.Some of our favorites (appetizers):- Empanadas- Salmon Croquette- Pernil Sliders (although they don't show up on their online menu)(entrees - sides are darn good too.  Try the cornbread or jalapeno corn)- Pernil Asado- Pasta Fuego- Angus Short Ribs- Chile RellenoBlood Orange Mojitos are awesome.
3	Was impressed with the service and desire to make our group of 10 happy.  We had our own room and personal service.Food looked good, but lacked spice/flavor.  Not sure why, because it was full of all the stuff I like.  Peppers, cheese, spices.   Thought it might be just me, but most of the people in our group felt the same way.  Dessert was very good.If I go again (which I probably won't), I will ask for heat.   I guess I just expected heat based on the name of the place...
4	Fuego Bistro was one of the go-to lunch spots for me and my coworkers. I have since left that job, or else it would STILL be one of my go-to lunch spots (oh, if only you were closer). The food here is wonderful, and the patio is just lovely to sit at when it is nice outside. My personal favorites on the lunch menu are the chicken tacos, with the cream sauce and the jack cheese. They melt cheese between 2 corn tortillas which give the tacos an amazing texture, and the grilled chicken, and the cream sauce (chipotle cream, i believe) are a perfect combination. My other favorite is the chicken enchiladas. They aren't too heavy, I love the black beans, and they are perfect for lunch. There have been times where literally everyone at our table order the chicken enchiladas. They are THAT good. However, I must say that my absolute FAVORITE part of my dining experience here is the rice. I'm not sure what you guys do with the rice, but my goodness. It's so fluffy and compliments the meal perfectly. The only reason I knocked down one star, is because of one particular server that we seemed to get quite often. The staff for the most part are wonderful and friendly, however this particular server just struck me as a little rude and hurried, even when it wasn't necessarily busy. We have had this same experience every time we've been seated at his table.But besides that, Fuego Bistro is fantastic! I highly recommend (especially the rice)!
4	I have been to Fuego Bistro twice, both on Groupon deals.  I am rating both visits in this review.   I did not know this place existed until the Groupon, but the first time I went, I had a memorably negative experience with, I think, the owner.  he talked like he was the owner and he had "owner profit concerns" that an employee would not voice.  He was a heavier man about age 40, 5'10", dishwater blond hair.  The Groupon required reservations, but when I called and said I was coming at 5 pm, the waitress said I did not need reservations, just come on in.  I was dining alone.  When I walked in, the owner/manager did not believe me that someone on his staff would tell me I did not need reservations.  He told me nothing was available, but I saw only about 2 parties sitting on the patio, a few more inside.  I was upset that I was told I did not need reservations, and here he was turning me away.  Well, he said, that I could sit at the bar and eat my dinner,when I wanted to sit at the patio.  He also whined that he was not making any money on the Groupon.  I was not happy that he was denying me to eat there, when his staff told me I didn't need reservations.    I told him that I cannot be responsible for what his staff tells me, and if he was unhappy about losing money via Groupon, he should not have advertised his deal with them.  I think I sounded like I was going to give him a bad review, so after about 15 min of arguing, and not being seated anywhere, he told me that I could have a patio table.  After all we were arguing for 15 min and if the tables were all reserved, certainly no one showed up for their reservation at that time, and the patio was almost empty.Since I was dining alone, I picked the most expensive item on the menu, which was the steak, to use my $30 Groupon myself.  This owner/manager became my waiter.  As I said, I think he thought I was going to give him a bad review as we had all this conflict as soon as I walked in.I then realized that since I was dining alone, he did not want me to occupy a nice patio table for 4 on the patio, where he could make more money serving 4 people, so he wanted me to sit at the bar.  Even tho tables were not fully reserved, they had the POTENTIAL to be.  I was eating $30 worth of food and he was making only $5, which he even TOLD ME !  He made me feel like I was being punished for buying the Groupon !Well he changed his attitude as my server, and became a very very gracious waiter.  The steak was PERFECTLY COOKED  (I ordered rare), and soooo pleasing and delicious!   The sides he recommended were terrific.  He seemed to make up for his rudeness as manager, when he became my server, tho his "regrets as manager" were unspoken.The second time I went, was about a year later.  $30 Groupon required minimum party of 2, so I invited 2 friends.  This Groupon only said reservations "recommended", not required, and I did make reservations.  We ordered the Angus shortrib entree, the tilapia, and I had the seafood chilli relleno entree.  The sides were A+, and the serving size enormous.  I am a big eater.  The servings were so large that I recommend that people pay the $5 share cost, and share a dinner.  I made 3 meals out of what I was served.  The tilapia was bland to me, and I would have liked the Angus shortrib to have more sauce, but that is me.  My friends did not have my comments.  I am a picky eater. We had two waiters, one said he did not know the menu because he had only worked there for one day, so he said to ask another waiter.   I always ask servers what are their regular customers' favorite dishes.  I have no complaints about our service, I would rate B+.  I would have given this place 5 stars if it were not for my bad experience with the owner the first time.  Our total bill was $69 before tax and tip and we got $30 off that.  I would come back here again without Groupon discount, which I cannot say for about 95% of the Groupon, Living Social, DealChicken, etc. deals.  It is a nice place to bring a visitor from out of town to sit on the patio, which is entirely shaded from 5:00 on.  They have misters in some areas.This place is a good deal for the atmosphere on the patio and the generous servings of food that you could make several meals out of.
5	Fabulous! This was my son- in -laws Restaurant Week choice and an excellent one. Lots of menu choices, a drink included and excellent service from the moment we arrived until we left. We will return soon and often.
3	I hadn't been here in a couple of years since I moved out of the neighborhood. We stopped here since it was on our way to the dbacks game.  Overall an OK experience.Positives:Service was goodMashed potatoes and jalapeno corn were very goodTostadas were fresh tastingPortions were large - prices are okayNot so positives (not really bad enough to be negatives)The side room (not the main dining room) was extremely noisyThe chili rellenos sounded great, but the seafood taste was lost beans and the crust was a little heavy.Margarita was OK, tasted like a regular mix with no fresh lime juice flavorOverall I think that the barrio cafe does a much better seafood relleno and margarita, but this is probably one of the best options I know of in this neighborhood.
5	Excellent and large enough entree to split between two! Sangria, pork, and key lime pie. Yum. Sat on the patio... Live band. Nice atmosphere. Will go again.
5	What a fantastic restaurant, especially during Restaurant Week! The food overall was really good and at a very good value on Restaurant Week prices. The outdoor patio is cute and there was a live jazz band when we visited on a Saturday evening. I had:- Vegetarian Tostadas: Yum! The guacamole and chipotle aioli was quite delicious and nicely balanced the sweet cabbage- 12 Vegetable Enchiladas: Amazing! These have to be the best vegetarian enchiladas I've ever had - real vegetables with a lot of flavor instead of just cheese.- Bread Pudding: This was the only average food item we had all night. I just didn't love the combination of fruit and chocolate and cinnamon - personal flavor preference.- Jalapeno Creamed Corn: Oh my gosh delicious. Sweet & hot at the same time - I highly recommend this side dish.- Chipotle Cheddar Mashed Potatoes: Also really great - full of flavor and very satisfying.The service we received while at Fuego Bistro was excellent. Our server was great and provided prompt service without being intrusive. She was also very observant - I ordered a vegetarian appetizer & entree, and had selected vegetarian-sounding sides that actually were not. She asked if I was vegetarian and let me know that the sides I had selected actually contained bacon. Now that's great service!
4	Fuego Bistro has a lot going for it. The servers are attentive, the menu includes a little something for everyone and they have a large drink list. If you do order the mojito, you might want to ask for a double as I couldn't taste any alcohol (a common problem i find with these places that charge 9 dollars for a drink)The short ribs were 7/10. The mashed potatoes were 9/10. Creamed Corn was 6/10.Pork Asado dish was 7/10.
4	great pernil and mojitos.  small, nice patio
4	Really enjoyed Fuego Bistro for date night. The ambiance was charming and the server was friendly, knowledgeable and unobtrusive. My husband and I wanted to sample a bit of everything and had heard the entree portions were huge (literally every customer was going home with part of their dinner boxed up), so we split an appetizer, an entree and dessert. It was perfect and I left feeling satisfied but not overly stuffed.I ordered the pomegranate mojito (virgin because I'm pregnant) and it was so refreshing, not too sweet - perfect summer drink. Can't wait to go back and try it with rum! We started with the vegetarian tostadas, which I would definitely recommend; the vegetables were really fresh on the crispy tostada and there was just enough kick from the pico de gallo and chipotle sauce.For our entree, we shared a stuffed chicken dish with cream sauce that was the special that night (the husband loves ordering specials). Chicken was cooked perfectly and I really liked the sauce which managed to be creamy but not too rich. We chose the cornbread and creamed corn for our sides. The cornbread was yummy - light, fluffy, a little spicy - but I would past on the creamed corn next time. Too sweet and nothing special. Finally, we split the key lime pie for dessert. We were deciding between that and the bread pudding, which sounded a bit too heavy for the 100+ degree heat outside, so we opted for the pie based on our server's recommendation. It was awesome! Smooth and slightly tangy with a crunchy chocolate crust, served with whipped cream, chocolate sauce and nuts. Definitely worth splitting an entree so you have room for dessert.I will return to Fuego Bistro, it's a small menu but there are several dishes I would try. Our server didn't up-charge us a split plate fee for the entree which was nice, because the prices are a little steep. I also plan to check out their Happy Hour which looks like a great value...once I can finally drink again!
3	When you're eating spicy food - it's great if you don't have to go outside into the 116 degree patio to cool off.  Perhaps it was the incoming storm bringing along humidity - or perhaps it was that the tiny place had the thermostat set at 84 with the sun beating in the window - regardless no one seemed concerned except the diners.  The food was very good - the dinner selections were over $20+ but quite large ($5 charge for plate splitting) however there were only about 7 options.   Lunch menu sounded good - and had more choices, but isn't available after 3 (or 4).   We started with the pork nachos & empanadas.  Nachos were filling - but well - they were nachos.  The empanadas were savory, slightly spicy and fresh tasting, flaky and had a delish sauce.Personally I settled for appetizers - Cubano pork sliders and a side of carrots.   Sliders were good, the pulled pork nicely seasoned and accented with their purple slaw.  Chile Maple Carrots were lacking any maple and left your mouth a little tingly from the heat.  I also had a mojito - which is one of their specials but wasn't anything to write home about.  My hubby had the Pasta de Fuego -  huge portion, lots of veggies, chicken and sausage in a tasty spiced cream sauce.   He got an extra side of the chipolte cheddar mashed - those were my favorite thing there.  Our companions split the seafood chile relleno.  They enjoyed it - I didn't try (scallops are not my friend).  They had the jalapeno cornbread as a side - it was good, full of corn, crusty outside, moist middle and bits of bacon.   They also had a sangria - which mostly tasted like wine with an orange slice floating in it (yeah - I know, what is sangria if not wine with fruit floating in it  - but it can be much more).  We would have stayed for desert as we were celebrating a birthday - but it was too hot.  Believe me - if I'm too hot to eat cake it's pretty darn warm.    We did have a groupon - but it didn't get talked about till we were ready for the bill, so there was no disparaging service.   The waiter did seem quite pretentious - perhaps he just treats everyone like they don't quite deserve to eat there.
5	Fantastic!This place has excellent food to go with excellent service.The portion was very large, and the food is very tasty.
3	It is kind of hidden since it is not on a main road.  It was warm outside so we opted for indoor seating rather than the patio.  The interior dining area is split into two separate dining rooms, which seemed a little odd.  I had the Chile Relleno and my husband had the Tilapia (I preferred my husbands dish).  It was good.  I would eat here again but it would not be my first choice.
3	07/05/12 Had two Voice Daily Deals ($10 for $30) to use up before the 14th, so I asked my young cousin to meet me for dinner.  I'd never eaten here before, but I know from the reviews that it's popular for happy hour.  Indeed, the HH menu sounds fantastic, and so do the prices.  However, these certificates were only good for dinner, and so here we were.  But first, about the location-- it's tucked away a bit, away from the road, so don't blink, or you might miss it.  There are many parking spaces, so that's not an issue unless you're there for HH.  (If you are, then come early.)  FB has a small patio area that looks promising, if only it was decorated a little better.  I remember seeing two tables, but cousin remembers four.  I don't think there are misters to help keep cool.  Inside, it's even smaller.  I would say about six tables of two- and four-tops, and about five to six seats at the beautiful blue-tiled bar.  Sit here to maximize on atmosphere, have questions about the wines or cocktails, and if you want to be entertained by the staff.My cousin doesn't drink, so she had water, while I tried the guava mojito.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HGvNE87fvK5PwKMZBDkTbA?select=pCA97HLAPYRN0bJTQUs1Pw#pCA97HLAPYRN0bJTQUs1Pw  It tasted like a regular mojito, but a bit sweeter.  It's alright- nothing fantastic.  Maybe I'll try a regular one, without the added flavorings, during HH one of these days.  After poring through the menu and asking our server Steve (who is also the bartender) about the dinner special (ribeye), I found I could only try ONE item, since everything else had allergens all over the entrees (shellfish, corn, guacamole, bell peppers, dijon reduction, etc.), instead of just added on top, and so I ordered the Natural Farm Chicken Breast, with tomatillo sauce, pico de gallo, goat cheese, and bacon. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HGvNE87fvK5PwKMZBDkTbA?select=o8X2VwUplwqRZfvuQUunDA#o8X2VwUplwqRZfvuQUunDA  My cousin ordered the ribeye special, with mushrooms and a dijon reduction.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HGvNE87fvK5PwKMZBDkTbA?select=fMtwu_Aw8ynU-gaOspzWWQ#fMtwu_Aw8ynU-gaOspzWWQ  Entrees come with your choice of two sides from the following choices: green chile cornbread casserole, jalapeno creamed corn, sauteed organic green beans, chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes, and maple-glazed carrots.  Cousin chose the cornbread and creamed corn, and I asked for the green beans and mashed potatoes.Cousin LOVED everything on her plate!  She especially liked the cornbread.  I enjoyed my dish, as well.  I liked how spicy it was, which may turn some people off, but I thought everything worked well together, especially the addition of the goat cheese, which helped to cut the spiciness.  I say add more cheese!  Loved the bacon bits, as well.  The green beans were sauteed to perfection-- nice green color and crisp, and not greasy.  We both thought the mashed potatoes were very tasty!  It's a good thing I liked the dish, since it's the only one I can order, unless they offer something new as a special.  We were too stuffed to order dessert, and it's a good thing, too, since out of the five choices (Ancho chocolate torte, Banana burrito, Kahlua creme brulee, Horchata bread pudding, and Homemade Key Lime pie), I could only have the brulee, and I wasn't feeling like creme brulee that evening.  Prices were too high for me to consider dining here for dinner without a discount.  Now, it's one thing if the menu is all-organic, but it isn't.  Service was attentive and friendly, so that's a plus.  Loved the intimate setting, but only if I can sit at the bar- we sat at a table.07/12/12Came back solo to use up the second certificate.  This time I sat at the lovely blue-tiled bar, even though the seat wasn't too comfortable, especially after leaving a massage session...  It was great fun speaking with bartender Steve and server Kevin.  "T-Bone" was nice, too -- he always made sure to open the door for guests.Had the chicken breast again http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HGvNE87fvK5PwKMZBDkTbA?select=P_dIQjZufh2dJ6m_rjYmTA#P_dIQjZufh2dJ6m_rjYmTA, with a glass of sauvignon blanc, and the Kahlua creme brulee.  The chicken is as good as I remembered it, but this time there was even less goat cheese!  However, the creme brulee made up for it.  The best part of the dessert were the caramel and chocolate sauces that accompanied it.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HGvNE87fvK5PwKMZBDkTbA?select=tmq5bH42X_to8nG9fuT6yg#tmq5bH42X_to8nG9fuT6yg  Mmm!  I'd like to have these over ice cream, but not the Thrifty ice cream that accompanies many of the dessert plates offered here.  (Sorry, but I cannot have products that use corn syrup.  Besides, I'd rather have ice cream made from high-quality ingredients, and carrageenan and corn syrup, high fructose or otherwise, aren't.)Thanks for honoring the Voice Daily Deals, FB!  I'll be back with family and friends for happy hour, maybe.
5	I love, love, love this place!  While I go to Fuego Cityscape more often, since it is downstairs from my gym, I love the ambiance, indoors and outdoors on the expansive patio. The food is excellent.  My favorite is the Chile Rellenos, but the Pork Nachos and Empenadas are great as well, as are the very fresh mojitos (can get Pomegranate and Mango Mojitos), wine and everything on the menu.The manager is super-friendly and very patient with us, and when we go, we tend to close the place down, eating and drinking and being merry.  I told the manager that if you feed us, we will never leave.  I think he believes us!Do yourself a favor and visit this excellent little restaurant..you will be glad you did!
4	I have been eager to try this place for a while and we finally went here for dinner the other night. It is a small restaurant with a nice charm. Although, for the prices I would expect a little fancier atmosphere.For dinner we ordered the Fuego Seafood Chile Relleno. The dish was tasty with a bit a kick. Since most of the dish was spicy it was served with a side of candied cabbage. I've never had that before... It was quite interesting and a fun contrast to the spiciness of everything else. I ordered the dragonberry mojito. They have awards for their mojito's so I was expecting a lot. It was good but I would have preferred a little less mint and a little more dragonberry. But it was still good.Overall I enjoyed the experience and am glad I finally got to try it.
3	I stopped in here one day to give it a try as I ususaly go to the one on Camelback Rd.Decided to try something different this time. Since I really like Chile Rellenos I ordered that.  What a disappointment!  I had thought it would be filled with mostly cheese but it wasn't.  I did not like the filling or the crunchy skin.  Also it was too hot and spicey.  next time I will stick to my pork tacos.  Hopefully they will be the same as at their other restaurant.  I also do not like their salsa.  It is not chunky and is TOO HOT.  Now if they served their pico de gallo to those who do not like the spicey salsa and without charging 3 bucks,  I mean like if you are serving salsa then at least besides HOT, serve some medium, and some mild.
4	This is my favorite restaurant in all of Phoenix. I love hole-in-the-wall, hard to find places, and this is it.  I've tried many items on the menu over the years but my favorite is the breaded tilapia or NY steak, with jalapeno creamed corn and chipotle chedder mashed potatoes.  Mmmmm... so good!  We usually also get an appetizer, our favorites are usually the shrimp or the tostadas.  And the banana burrito for dessert. YUM.  They also have the best mojitos I've ever tasted and their sangria is pretty top notch as well.  Service is always excellent and we have never once had a bad experience.  We usually go nowadays when there is a Groupon so that it's a little easier on our wallets, and never have any problems.  Like with any Groupon, don't wait until that last day to try and go.  You've got plenty of time to make your reservations!  When it's not 100 degrees outside, we enjoy sitting out on the patio on weekends and enjoying live music.The only strange thing I've ever thought about this place is that for the prices, it seems like the decor, tables, especially outdoors, would be a little nicer.  I love this place though and it doesn't bother me, just something to be prepared for if you've never eaten here before.
4	Great place ! Service was prompt & friendly. Food was fabulous - I ordered short ribs with mashed potatoes and maple glazed carrots. My friend ordered the chile relleno with seafood. His was quite good - though maybe too many flavors competing since there were various types of seafood in it. My short ribs were excellent. A huge portion that was 3 meals for each of us. Great value, great quality.Stick with the wine list; we each ordered a cocktail that we wouldn't re-order next time. Charming, intimate, quaint place.
4	Really amazing food and creative menu. Service was alright, along with the drinks. I really want to try their happy hour. Don't forget to try the cream corn-original and delicious.
4	Chicken tacos are awesome. I like that they have a short and simple menu. Draft beer selection is great.
3	My husband and I went here for dinner for the first time a couple weeks ago. I have to say, I was a little disappointed in the place.  Based on all the high reviews, I was expecting something... I don't know, more.  The restaurant itself is really, really small and the seating is not exactly comfortable. I saw the nice patio but even that is in a courtyard without anything particularly interesting to look at.  I did like the overall decor and vibrant colors on the wall so I am not saying it is ugly or anything, just not as fab as I was expecting based on the reviews.The menu was also really small.  There is not much to choose from, really.  We started with the empanadas which were a bit of a disappointment.  They just didn't have the same flavors or texture as other versions I have eaten at Mexican or South American places.  And it was weird that they were served with a sauce, especially one that didn't seem to complement them at all.  Fortunately our main courses were much better than the starter.  I ordered the prawns and my husband got the steak.  We both ordered the chipotle mashed potatoes and cornbread.  Usually, the first time we go somewhere new I try to order something completely different from hubby so we can sample more items but who can turn down chipotle mashed potatoes?  I make a version of these at home but I have never tried putting cheddar cheese in them.  I will definitely do that from now on because these tasted fantastic. They were really creamy and delicious with great flavor but not too spicy.  I didn't eat all of mine b/c they were a little too rich but hubby practically licked his plate.  The cornbread was equally divine.  In addition to the green chili chunks in there it also had pieces of crispy bacon.  The flavor and texture was just perfect!  The steak and prawns were both cooked perfectly and with really scrumptious sauces that complimented the meat perfectly.  Our waiter was really friendly throughout the whole experience and made sure we were happy with everything.Overall, the food was delicious but necessarily anything unique.  In my opinion, it just didn't justify the high prices.  We spent over $80 on our meals and a couple of beers.  I am really left feeling a little confused about the experience because I think the no-frills locale and menu mean it is not really a destination restaurant but more of a neighborhood joint... but then why the high prices? I guess I just don't get it.
4	Charming and delicious! I had the chile rellenos...tons of flavor! They are not stingey with the cheese and the sauce was perfect1 My margarita was par. I will be back soon.
5	Kudos to Fuego! Other than the atmosphere, food, and service being fantastic, I do have to say... I just called to inquire about my expired groupon voucher, and the friendly voice on the other end of the line informed me that they'll still honor it for the full deal value!WooHoo
4	My BF and I just happened to come here for dinner during restaurant week so I was happy to see the $30 prix fix menu for appetizer, main meal, dessert and sangria or soft drink.We were seated on the patio and I loved the ambiance, the warmth, soft lighting and a guitarist who must have known every singer/songwriter song ever written. OK admit I liked him because he played Dylan and Leonard Cohen among others. I was enjoying the vibe until, as the evening grew darker, I realized we could not see our food, like, at all. A single small candle was not adequate to light our table. That really is my only complaint and I think it is repairable. It was hard to love on my food when I seriously couldn't tell what was what. So much effort clearly went into making the food, so come on, let's see it.My other comment is the serving sizes. I expected that a menu such as the restaurant week menu might have smaller servings and they definitely could have. Nearly everyone I saw leaving was taking a box with them, as we did. With full size appetizers, we only ate half of our full sized main dishes. BF had to bring his dessert home, although I pressed on to try the chocolate chile torte with the most amazing malt and coconut ice cream. Not seeing it added a kind of different taste dimension which wasn't Unpleasant but it was a bit unusual.I enjoyed all of the food but the big hits for me were the renowned pork pernil and the corn bread casserole thingy...well it's not typical cornbread but very rich and home style with chiles and other unseen bits.Will go back next time I'm in Phoenix but will likely see if we can split a meal, saving room for the excellent desserts. Last, not least, I found the texting reservations very easy and a great idea for those places that may not want to deal with Open Table.
3	went here with my Mom and the food was good but the service could use some improvement. It was during Arizona Restaurant Week so they were pushing the restaurant week menu versus the regular menu. We had gotten a gift card from  one of my mom's clients so it was our first time there. We shared the empanadas and I had the chicken tortilla soup. My mom had the Jumbo Sauteed Prawns and they looked good. Dinner wasn't cheap so it was nice we had the giftcard. I think it is more worth it to go there for happy hour or lunch then dinner. Also it is kind of in a sketchy area so I wouldn't go too late at night.
5	I discovered this place through LivingSocial vouchers. Usually, I admit, I'm a voucher-hopper... but this place has my business for life. I've been to all the Fuego Restaurants (Cantina, Bistro, Cityscape, Tacos). They all cater to a bit different crown and have a different vibe and, aside from a few staples, different menus. This one, Fuego Bistro, is by far my favorite.I love this restaurant. I'm not a foodie, not a snob, don't give half a crap about the historic atmosphere and unique setting or vibe. In fact, I don't even eat there (I almost always get it to go). BUT MY GOD THE FOOD IS SO DAMN DELICIOUS.I've tried a number of their dishes. I'm not a fan of spicy (very finicky stomach)... I never cease to be impressed with this place. The food definitely has a unique zing to it, very flavorful, but still somehow doesn't kill my tummy. It's not overpowering, but unique. The flavors and textures really work well, too (and I'm not one to normally give a hoot about things like "textures"). Even I know that it's VERY well made, well-thought-out food.Kinda small menu, but everything is so good. I prefer the dinner menu - it is quite different from the lunch menu. Not cheap, not expensive, very generous portions. Well worth it. It really is fusion, like none other I've ever tasted - I can't describe it using anything other than "INCREDIBLE"!Some of my favorites: - Empanadas (wow) - Dinner Menu Chili Relleno (oh my god - it has mahi mahi, mini scallops, shrimp, and other deliciousness). Definitely get the jalapeno creamed corn as one of your sides, they are perfect together. - Steak (get the mashed potatoes as one of your sides) - Prawns (amazing)To the people that said their shrimp was probably from Trader Joe's, their food was bland, the service was bad, or the experience was "just MEH" you must be THOSE people, the ones who always have to bitch about something. I've been here at least ten times now, and I've never gotten anything but perfection. It may not look like the Ritz, but you definitely won't be disappointed.Very personable, nice staff, good and quick service the one time I ate in, lightning fast service when I do take out... even when they are packed. What I love - even when I go in there with a LivingSocial voucher, they treat me well. EVERY single time, whether it's dine-in or to-go. Usually when you use a voucher and order to-go, the hostess's face reads 'I'm not getting a tip' and you get service to match. Not here! Truly impressed. Also, I've noticed elsewhere that to-go portions get stingy compared to if you dined in. Also not here - the to-go portions are still huge!!!They get busy on weekend evenings (especially during fall/winter - patio season), so make reservations.My SINGLE gripe: They have limited seating, and most of it is patio (very little inside seating, small place). I'm not a people-person, I like my privacy and personal space... I like to tuck away in a corner. This is impossible inside (it's a not-very-large rectangle, there just isn't an out-of-the-way table)... it's kinda possible with some of the courtyard patio seating, but I don't really like to eat outside. This is why I get to-go. Oh, yeah, parking does get a bit skimpy when they get busy... I've so far always been lucky and gotten a close spot, but I can see how some people might complain about it.
3	I liked this place if I wanted to take my mom to a "fancy" Mexican place. Small and quaint. Had the seafood Chile relleno... It wasn't the best pairing of tastes. The pulled pork was really good tho! I'd say overpriced when you can get better Mexican food around Phoenix. Fuego Cantina, its sister restaurant, is better priced.
5	Love this place.
4	This review is based on two visits. The first was during restaurant week with a group of friends. I had the short ribs and was wowed by the sweet/savory tender meat and the delicious cheddar mashed potatoes that came with the entree. The serving sizes of all the food was so ample, I mis-judged the capacity of my stomach and overate. The service was fine that night. I remember our waitress being very acommodating and prompt. We sat in the pleasant, quiet patio area and had a really nice dinner. I went back with my husband a month or so later after telling him how good it was. This time, I ordered the nightly special, a grilled tuna dish. The tuna itself was fine, actually seemed like a high quality piece of fish. My criticism was that they served a large piece of tuna unsliced. It made the fish kind of chewy because I had to cut off large pieces with a less-than-ideal steak knife. So, the worst part was that the service was poor enough that even I was annoyed. We sat and waited for our dishes to be cleared and our bill to be presented for probably 20-30 minutes. I'm usually pretty tolerant of mediocre service, but man! If it was like this every time, I would definitely have to avoid the place even though I like the food. I plan to give it another go, hoping the poor service was a fluke.
4	Food is incredible.  All simple ingedients,  and delicious.  Margaritas need some work.  Asked 2 servers what brand tequila they use, neither knew :/Not much inside, patio is best enjoyed in evening
4	Pros:-food is really tasty, I did not have anything on my plate that I didn't like (I ordered the short ribs with cheddar mashed potatoes and sauteed green beans)-service attentive and friendly (at least this is true for when I went at 7 PM on a Tuesday night)Cons:-parking difficult and limited-price of food a little high for what you get-we noticed a small roach crawling on the wall right above our table as we were finishing our meal
4	This is one of the best culinary finds in AZ. Wow amazing food, healthy portion sizes and great service. When these guys out for a casual dinner out and you won't be disappointed.
5	Had shrimp was really good and burnt but good Burnt like french food :) empanadas were good as well as the mussels. The waiter also gave us a sample potatoes which were different I hear their corn bread is good. I used a groupon so be on the look out for deals like that. Shout out to  Kevin and chewy thank you so much for jumping my dead car battery will be back :) Outdoor seating is nice as well since they have heaters ;) The place is small and intimate
5	This was my second visit to fuego bistro. Had apps and sangria the 1st time. Dinner last night was beyond spectacular ..... All 3 of us can't say enough good things about how amazing all their food is.  This is a must go place  You won't be disappointed!
4	Been to their other locations, and did not know they were close to me. Shame on me. Wife brought home what was leftover from dinner. One bite of the chicken breast in the styrofoam box made me a believer. Just the right flavor and heat. The bacon on top....muy bueno! The right heat and flavor. If leftovers make an impression, can't wait for my first trip to their locale.
3	A few years ago, this place would have gotten a minimum of 4 stars from me. I'm not sure what's happened to the food/drinks recently but it has gone a bit downhill. Maybe it's all the new Fuegos they're opening up around town?This also used to be my favorite place for mojitos, but no more. They've either changed their ingredients or the bartenders have forgotten their craft. It tastes even worse during happy hour.Their food is still good, but its lost something recently. I wish I could describe the prior experience better, but its still a go-to place near the house. My main dish is always the short rib and I love their cornbread casserole and mashed potatoes. Happy hour is hit or miss at times on taste(both food and drinks). Service is always great and I've never had issues.
5	Finally made it to this hidden gem...have to go back and check if anyone else had to search for it. The fact that it is inside the courtyard of the complex threw us off for a couple of minutes. Liked that we had to hunt for it a bit!This is a place where once you start eating, you want to fast forward to the next day so you can try something else on the menu.  Dined off the happy hour menu.First, if you order a salad of the HH menu....it is the big dinner salad, so be advised....you will get filled up!Jeannie and I each had different salads and they were both very good.  The downside was that we could not gorge ourselves on the other good stuff . BBQ pernil sliders & tilipia tacos....too hard to call one the winner.  Will require a rematch or two....Will be coming back until we get through the entire menu!...at least a couple times.Happy hour means drinks and the bistro did not disappoint here either. Jeannie went with a well liked sangria and I tossed back two margaritas. Very picky about my margaritas and this was a good one. They do use a bottled pre-mix, which I didn't recognize, but it was neither too sweet or sour...the death knell of a good marg and a waste of a shot of tequila.P.S. Was in Costco two days later and saw a gift card offer.... $49.99 for  $100 in gift cards! They are good at all three locations. Guess you know what we are buying!
4	Cool ambiance. We like the live music too! The heaters outside were great.The portions were huge! Our least favorite part of the meal was the mussels appetizer. We wouldn't order that again. We ordered the pork and short ribs. The short ribs were great! Our sides were the mashed potatoes, green beans, creamed corn, and the cornbread. We liked them all except the green beans were just okay. We also ordered a sundae for dessert, which was huge!
5	Wow!  That's a one-word description of Fuego Bistro. From the quaint outdoor dining atmosphere to the killer food, I was very impressed. The service was excellent and attentive. The Chile Relleno is a must have for sure. It has great flavor, especially with the cheese sauce and what they put inside. You will regret it if you don't stop by while in the neighborhood.
5	hard to find, really unusual situation in an older industrial area patio with several buildings. very eclectic. heated patio with jazz players, cool.poke around.very nice welcome. very helpful wait staff.extraordinary food.now i'm a quantity type of eater, not quality.this is a place that someone has found a very interesting niche.maybe 20 items on the menu. each with a meat,(i saw 1 vegan offering) a coating, sauce. maybe 5 sides, cornbread, corn, beans, carrots, garlic mashed potatoes.it is hard for a restaurant to make money. it's got to watch every penny. this place has made a few spectacular recipes and offers them at a profitable price, add attention to customers, cool ambiance and you have a good business model.i only wish i could cook mashed potatoes like that, i'd die happy eating them for every meal. lots of them, lots of garlic. we will return. recommended.my wife had a chicken breast that was huge, the favor was amazing, surprising coating, wonder what was in it?cornbread was very special, be sure you try it.a must try place.
5	Unusual location, but GREAT Cuban and Latin American food with a twist. We usually like to try out different restaurants, but we've been back four times with different guests each time! Most seating is outside, so be conscious of the heat or cold.We found the following main dishes excellent: Short ribs, tostadas, blackened mahi mahi and tilapia. Outstanding side dishes included: jalapeno corn, green beans, carrots with maple sauce and cheesy/spicy mashed potatoes. Definitely a bucket list restaurant.
5	I bought a living social deal for me and my bf to use and we made a reservation for us to go for dinner last night. We arrived a couple of minutes early but we were seated right away and the owner Jeff came over and said he would be taking care of us personally. The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected. He asked if there was anything we were allergic to or didn't like, and then he just started bringing out food:First dish - Veggie tostadas. Seemingly pretty basic but very flavorfulSecond dish - Beef empanadas. Delicious!Third dish - Jumbo prawns. Also very good, I liked the avocado sauceFourth dish - Fuego pasta. Winner!! Super good and flavorful. Just had my leftovers for lunch and still held up. Fifth dish - The "finale", cola and pineapple short ribs, ahi tuna, chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes, cornbread casserole, jalapeno creamed corn. I am not a huge seafood person, but the ahi tuna was really good, a great "vehicle for flavor" as my boyfriend said. Everything else on the plate was great. Unfortunately we were stuffed from everything so we were at odds with ourselves trying to finish what was left. Just as we were remarking about how excellent everything was, Jeff brought out dessert! omg...Sixth dish - Horchata bread pudding, key lime pie, chocolate malted ice cream, and ancho chile chocolate torte. My bf loved the chocolate torte and I could not have gotten enough of the bread pudding and chocolate ice cream. To drink, I had the caribbean volcano and sangria mix. The sangria mix makes me never want to go back to just red or white sangrias. The experience was great and Jeff and his staff were wonderful. We sat in the courtyard which was heated and had live music which was a nice touch. It was pretty busy the entire time we were there, and it looks like Jeff knows how to run a successful restaurant. We will definitely return.
3	Last night my husband I went here for dinner.  We have eaten here before and we liked the food.  So, we thought we would try it again.   I'm kind of sad that our experience was not all that great this time. The waiter that we had was not very good.  Was not very helper and he never came around to see if we liked our food or if we needed anything.    Also the water guy was great, he came around and checked on us, to see if we liked our food or if we needed anything.  I wish we could have tipped him and not our waiter.  Now for the food, it was pretty good.  We ordered the Pineapple short rib roast and it came with mashed potatoes and creamy corn.   It is definitely an enough for two people.    Last and not least, the atmosphere of this restaurant is not all that great either.  It is in the middle of this little shopping center and you could hear the music for the dance studio that was right next to the patio seating. Happy yelping everyone!!!  If you decided to come here the food is not all that bad.  We in joyed it!!!
5	Let me start by saying the people that work at Fuego Bistro have to be some of the nicest people in the restaurant industry. I love their food. The portions are huge and the entrees are very tasty. I love the flavor combinations. I usually get the white prawns which are absolutely delicious. I love spice and you get plenty of that at Fuego. The patio is quaint and adorable.
5	I took my 13 year old here for dinner and could not have been happier with our choice! I had found a Groupon so decided to give Fuego a try. We started with the chicken tacos on the happy hour menu, they were delish. My son had the Angus grilled New York strip with Chipotle cheddar mashed potatos and jalepeno cream corn. The steak was HUGE, even the people at the next table commented on the size. It was a very tender steak with wonderful flavor. I had the seafood chile relleno with the green chile cornbread and maple chili glazed carrots. The relleno was absolutely FABULOUS!!!!!!!!!!!! So were all the different sides and all in large portion. We could not attempt to finish it all in one setting, but did have to try a dessert. We shared the Ancho Chile chocolate torte which came with a heap of yummy ice cream and drizzled with an amazing sauce. The service was wonderful, everyone was so attentive and friendly which impressed me as often when servers approach a table with one parent, a child, and a coupon, they tend to shy away. I guess they think, "Small tip." Not the case here. We were treated very well and never had an empty glass or dirty dish waiting. The server was so friendly and chatted with us as well as wait on us. The atmosphere is very cute. We sat outside as there is much more seating on the patio (a courtyard for a small complex). It was a very nice setting. I can not wait to go back and try other menu items as there were several I wanted to try!!!!! The prices are reasonable for entrees and the happy hour prices are very affordable. Fuego definitely got a new regular!
5	We're from out of town, and looked on Yelp to find a place to eat. The photos of the food looked appetizing, so we decided to give it a try and were not disappointed! It's a small restaurant with a patio. We chose to eat on the patio, and it was very pleasant, plenty of umbrellas for shade and even though there is a busy street close by we could not hear the traffic. Now for the food, in a word: delicious! I had the chicken tostada with a chipolte cream sauce. It was actually 3 small ones piled high with tender well-seasoned chicken with the chipolte sauce, cabbage and guacamole.  There was also a side salad with it that had spicy glazed walnuts and seasoned tortilla strips, with a spicy dressing. The Fuego enchiladas were also very good, with sides of well-seasoned black beans and fluffy spanish rice. We did not have dessert but the offerings sounded wonderfully tasty, so next time we are up this way we will come extra hungry so that we have room! The place is a little hard to find but don't give up. It's in a courtyard surrounded by other businesses, there is a parking lot just past the building.
5	Took us a few minute to find the spot - tucked in on a side street as it was, in a courtyard of a older, kitchy shopping area. Between the old gurgling fountain, colorful christmas lights, old trees and flowering coriander plants, my girlfriend and I quite enjoyed the offbeat decore. Not your typical bistro spot. The waitstaff were attentive and friendly, especially our waiter, a young dude who's name escapes me. He answered my celiac girlfriend's questions courteously, and was mild mannered and easy-going in a way that really suited the environs. Happy hour menu looked great, and the house marg and mojito were both fresh, simple and tasty.  GF got mussels and a street tacos, with the mussels being right up there with the best she had, and the tacos fresh, tasty and clean.My main course was the Soy & Cola braised short-ribs with something-something au-jus, I opted for the mashed potatoes and maple chile glazed carrots as sides. At this point, i was feeling like, while the drinks were good, and the atmosphere & service was quirky, natural and relaxed, I wasn't totally expecting the food to blow me away - I was wrong. The dish was both incredibly well balanced and delicious (and very healthy portions at that). Spicy, rich and fall apart tender meat, with gentle touches of sweet, fruity, savory and spicy. The potatoes were addicting, and the carrots (being from Vermont, and a maple lover, i know that maple can be a difficult thing to cook with) were not over sweet, but perfectly tender, buttery, a touch of salt and heat.All in all a great, friendly and offbeat dining experience. We'll be back.
5	I can easily give this place 5 stars. Service was wonderful, very friendly. Food was delicious, lunch portions were huge & reasonably priced. The cuisine is Latin so the flavors are a bit different than your typical Mexican/American resteraunt. The menu had an interesting and variety of delicious foods such as empanadas, Ancho dusted Wild Salmon croquettes and I had the smoked chicken poblano pepper which was amazing!A bit difficult to find since there aren't any signs. It's tucked in between a dance studio & a hair salon. The patio is a big open courtyard shade by large trees and a nice ambiance from the bubbling fountain and music. They have live music ever weekend.Will be going back soon & want to check out their other locations.
4	Ok-It pains me to have to take away a star. Dined here on Saturday. The service was really awkward and everything was a little off including the food which my dining companion noted did not "wow" him this time. I had to agree that mine was not quite as tasty as usual. I would have loved a second cocktail but our server disappeared so by that time our dinner was well over so we just decided to go somewhere else for that second drink. There were also two couples waiting for a table that just kind of loitered in our vicinity. It was strange being stared down for a table at Fuego. I am not willing to write Fuego off yet as I loved it so. I am really hoping it was just an "off" night. I don't think I can persuade my dinner date to go back there anytime soon but it is still on my list of faves.
5	Excellent presentation, staff, serving size, atmosphere, 5 stars!! This was our first time and we really enjoyed it. Some of the best food we have had since moving to Phoenix three years ago. The portions were so big we will probably split an entree the next time we go.  We will be back soon, next time for happy hour!
5	Spinach salad with bacon citrus vinaigrette dressing, goat cheese, red onion and house caramelized nuts @ afternoon happy hour prices.  Cool spot to cool your heels on a hot afternoon on the shaded, mist-cooled patio or the small-but-not cramped wonderfully cool dining room and bar.  This is a really relaxing oasis of calm down to the Ottmar Leibert (spelling?)  Latin jazz in the background, quiet enough so you hold a conversation without having to raise your voice.  A thoroughly inviting a place to sit, have a cool drink of your choice and add something with some heat from the kitchen perhaps more because you are in no hurry than due to hunger.  For the delicate gringo stomached among us, note that Fuego does mean "Fire", and there is a little - or more in nearly every dish I've tried.  None have been overwhelming but some did incite some internal conversation over self-induced gastric distress. For those similarly afflicted, a pink bismuth aqueous solution shooter may be the perfect preparatory aperitif.  It's worth it.  A surprisingly delightful, sophisticated find tucked behind Apollo's on 7th Street in a commercial area of 7th Street not otherwise particularly aesthetically appealing.  I was already a fan of Fuego Cityscape and this Fuego is all that and more.  More  upscale in offerings and prices as well, but watch for the frequent Groupon or similar offers online.  Maybe it was the hot day, the iced tea, and the cool, relaxed comfort of the dining room (not to forget the attentive service), but all in all on this day, this was bliss. 5 Stars.
5	I've been here many times and have never given them any love on yelp, so here it goes. This place rocks. It's a hidden gem in downtown phoenix which is at first almost annoyingly hard to find. However, when you do find it, you don't regret it! Do yourself a favor and start off with a mojito. They make amazing mojitos. I have had the strawberry, mango, and original and all of them are good. As far as their food, I've never really been disappointed with a meal there. The chili relleno is my personal favorite. They do it with fish and chicken and I remember both to be good. Try this place out on a day you are craving a mojito and you won't regret it!!
4	Food was excellent beyond my expectations! Because a lot of the food served here is also my cultural food I could say they had big shoes to fill and they did!!! Every plate was exquisite!! The atmosphere was wonderful for a family afternoon! We used a group on ( awesome!) waiter Kevin was fabulous, very resourceful and knowledgeable on the restaurants history! Great experience! You may ask yourself then why not give 5 stars!! The only way to eat inside is by calling ahead of time for reservations! Something we didnt know. So we dined in the patio and although the weather was lovely the flies were very present!! It was difficult to enjoy such a lovely meal while fighting a brigade of flies!!
3	It's restaurant week (RW) and I like going to a posh location for RW. I get all dolled up in a dress and heels and my boyfriend wears button down shirt and slacks. Silly me, I was not really expecting a Bistro, for some reason I was expecting something fancier with white linen table cloths or something like that for the price point. I felt overdressed. Well the candlelight was a nice romantic touch. We had a reservation and were seated immediately upon arrival at the corner table. There was live music on the patio which I always enjoy. Our waitress was nice and attentive. The busboys were also on top of their job which was great, I hate having dirty plates just sitting there while I'm chatting. We ordered off the special RW menu which came with a glass of sangria. I tried the white sangria which was light and fruity. I ordered the tostada for an appetizer and the boyfriend had the empanada. Both were pretty tasty. For Course 2 the boyfriend got the steak and cheddar mashed potatoes and I got the Seafood Chile Relleno with yummy cream corn and the most delicious cornbread. Both meals were good, no complaints but the portions were huge, we didn't even finish half of our meals. I got them to go. But not before having dinner, I got the chocolate bread pudding and he got the Banana Burrito. I didn't like the Banana Burrito. The bread pudding almost tasted bland but that could because I had so many different flavors in my Course 2 dishes. Anyway, I think I am not that partial to latin food so maybe that's why everything was just A-OK for me, not spectacular. It was worth the try though.
5	This restaurant is my top pick on my favorite list of places to dine. Enjoyed a delicious meal with love ones for my birthday. Typically go for lunch and happy hour which are divine, but very impressed with dinner selections as well. Enjoyed the once a year  prix fixe featured during restaurant week (RW) with a 4 course offering of several options to choose from. The empanadas were very good, chile rellano comes with seafood but asked for chicken and they obliged, the cornbread casserole has bacon in it which should be listed on menu and I do not believe was. I do not eat pork  and since my son is a vegetarian when I shared a taste with him the waiter informed him it had bacon in it. No worries they replaced my side with the cheddar mash potatoes (scrumptious).  The only complaint is the feeling of being completely stuffed upon our departure. :-). Will continue to revisit all the Fuego locations to enjoy their Latin cuisine. However my favorite meals are the happy hour or lunch menu over dinner. The lunch menu is truly representative if Latin cuisine and the dinner more southwest style. Either way good eating.
5	I had the pleasure of going last night and let me tell you...it was FABULOUS! I has the Shredded Pork and my husband had the Sea Food Chile Relleno. They make the BEST Chipotle Cheddar Mash Potatoes and Corn Bread. Oh and I have to give it to them for the Banana Burrito. Not to mention they make a PHENOMENAL Margarita and  The Bosses Wife. I'm looking forward to going again and again.Thanks for the GREAT service too!
5	We went to dinner at Fuego Bistro last week.  It was a great night to sit out on the patio and have ourselves a quiet dinner with some delicious food.  If you've never been here before, its' tucked away off the street so it might be a little hard to find.  It's outdoor seating is set in a courtyard with indoor seating set in the building behind it.  We walked up to the hostess who was very warm and welcoming and she asked if we had a reservation.  We didn't, but she was still able to accommodate us.  She sat us next to the water fountain which was very relaxing.  We then were promptly greeted by our waitress who was extremely nice and a little playful.  I really liked that.  We ordered our drinks and then perused the menu.  We placed our order...I had to do it. I had to have the Cola & Pineapple Soy Braised Angus Short Rib Roast.  When I got this, it was like heaven met earth!  SO tender and flavorful!  With your meal you are able to order 2 sides.  I had to have the cornbread and mashed potatoes.  The cornbread is amazing! So moist and the texture isn't like traditional cornbread.  The potatoes too were so yummy, I couldn't' stop eating them.  Yes my plate was pretty much a carb-fest, but sometimes you just have to do it.   If you're in the area, check them out sometime.  I know on the weekends they can get pretty busy, so maybe make a reservation to be safe.
4	After reading some good reviews we decided to buy a groupon for this place while in town for a week.  Excited to have drinks and dinner we made our way over after shopping in Scottsdale.  At first since it was dark the streets seemed a bit sketchy but as soon as we walked in the place was magical.  There were lights strung across the courtyard and live music playing in the restaurant.  There was limited seating indoors but the weather was pleasant so we sat outside.The service was a bit slow and the dim to no lighting made it hard to read the menu but once we were able to see what we were ordering I decided to have the Fuego Seafood Chile Relleno : a signature dish; scallop,shrimp, and Mahi Mahi stuffed in a jumbo Pasilla pepper with a panko crust and a lobster chile cream sauce.The food made the extra star on the rating.  Amazing and fullfilling to the max! The Chile was full of flavor and the side dishes could have easily been a dish on their own! The corn bread puts any other corn bread to shame and the mashed potatoes were the perfect creamy and extra kick with cajun flavor.I'm glad we had this groupon otherwise would never had made our way to this hidden gem.
4	So we were in the area and heard about this place, plus we had a Groupon so we decided to check it out..Talk about a hidden location! lol. I figured it would be on a main street or something, but nope. lol. It was down some alley way. The ambiance and environment of the restaurant was kind of weird for me. You have the option of sitting outside or inside. When we walked in I felt like I was in Ikea. lol. It looked like a home decked out in Ikea. Everything from the lamps to decoration to seating. hahaWe ordered the Reposado margaritas since they were on happy hour. Hello Tequila! Oh my gosh, it was definitely worth the $5! The food was actually reallyyyy good. I ordered the Fuego Pasta which comes with a special creamy sauce, chicken, mushrooms, sausage and tortillas. I really liked the sauce. Some of the dishes comes with sides that you can choose from. My boyfriend got the creamed corn side and corn bread and they were both delicious! The creamed corn had a hint of jalapeno in it. There was a kick to it but it was amazing! Each entree is a bit pricey.. we're talking about $20 a plate but I thought it was worth it because it was quite delicious. Other then their hidden location I loved their food. Plus I love me some Mexican/Latin food. =)
5	Amazing!  That's all I can say...  I had the seafood rejeno and my wife had the chicken.  Sides were green beans, chipotle mashed potatoes, corn bread and creamed corn (super spicy).  Everything was to die for.
4	Entree portion sizes are generous. Cheddar mashed potatoes and the green beans were both delicious. I was disappointed in the waitress recommended braised short rib. Good flavor, but meat was a little dry and chewy. Not tender at all. Drinks and appetizers seem to be overpriced, but at happy hour are reasonable. The Reposado margarita tasted great, but didn't seem to have much alcohol and was served in a smaller glass with lots of ice. Empanadas as our appetizer were good, but not great. Lots of meat in a tasty sauce.Plenty of options for happy hour and very cool that they let you combine happy hour prices with Groupon. My friend got the special, which was a chicken dish that I enjoyed more than my short rib. I love the concept of picking side dishes and portion sizes were great, but wish they had more healthy options. The green beans were just about it. The corn bread had actual chunks of corn in it, which I am not a big fan of. The service was very good. Ambiance is pretty solid too. Only drawback is the main dining area is slightly cramped. Would go again on another Groupon or special occasion otherwise just a bit too pricey regular dining. Overall, a nice experience.
3	I tried Fuego almost 2 years ago...hopefully it's better now.  They won awards for their mojitos so I  excited to try one. Yuck.Food was lukewarm and the mashed potatoes tasted like band aids. I don't know what band aids taste like but that would be my guess.
4	Went for dinner last night and it put a huge smile on my face. I really wanted the Cola and Pineapple Soy braised short rib roast, but the special was a Rib Eye steak ($28) which we paired with the Empanadas  ($10)and Salmon Croquettes  ($11) for a wonderful dinner for 2 and leftovers enough for a steak sandwich today for lunch. I could eat a bowl of mash potatoes here.....probably the best I've had and the green beans....crisp and flavorful. Just fabulous! This is a quirky place that has been around a while and why I have not dined here is a mystery to me. But this is a must CenPho restaurant. Can't wait to dine on the patio.
4	We came here for dinner when we visited Phoenix on July 4th weekend. It's a little hard to find because it's inside a little plaza. We didn't have reservation so we just seated in the patio. We were greeted warmly and they were very apologetic as to why we can't have a table inside. Food: We ordered Empanadas which was beyond amazing! It's spicy but the right amount of spicy where you could still taste the filling. The sauce was phenomenal. Husband ordered their Carnitas plate and it was served in BIG portion. It was hot too which we loved. The meat was tasty and well seasoned. If only I live in Phoenix, I'd be a regular at Fuego Bistro.
5	I'm embarrassed to say that I'd never heard of Fuego Bistro until last night. Now I'm a fan and I can't WAIT to dig into leftovers and go back again! The empanada app was delicious and a perfect portion. There was risotto special with seafood (that isn't always on the menu).... If this is a special when you're there, do yourself a favor and order it. Put the menu down, don't think about it again and order the risotto. Wow. Amazing. The Seafood Chile Relleno was equally delicious. Go on an empty stomach though - the dinner portions are HUGE!! But like I said earlier, I'm already excited for leftovers (I only finished about 1/3 of my dinner)!! The staff was so nice and so much fun to be around. Our server was very attentive and super funny. The drink selection was quite unique with many drinks I've never even heard of and a pretty good wine list. Like I said... GO ON AN EMPTY STOMACH! Portions are huge and so delicious it's difficult to stop eating even when you're full! :)
5	There's really nothing I can say that hasn't already been said except that this is going on my "Pissed at myself for not trying sooner" list. Hats off to Lisa E. for making me get my ass in here.I knew where these guys were located but I had no idea how charming their set-up is with courtyard dining, the main dining room and bar, and the secondary room where we had dinner. I was able to try the empanadas which were delicious while sipping on my first pomegranate mojito which was dangerously refreshing and delicious. Might have to "go home sick" from work some day around Happy Hour!For my main I had their out-of-this world, mindblowingly awesome special which was seafood risotto: clams, mussels. calamari and shrimp cooked in butter with garlic and herbs, served up with soft, fluffy risotto and tomatoes. Too good for the common man. It was SO good but there was so much of it that I couldn't finish it, which was nothing short of a tragedy. Our awesome server, Kevin promised to email me if they ever offer it again-apparently it is a rare item. I REALLY hope that they serve it again so because I will be there with bells on!!!! SO good......truly one of the best meals I've had in a while.I got to try to sample Lisa's chocolate cake which had a chili sauce on it which had just a tad of a kick.....nice balance of sweet and savoury.Anyway, from all the reviews I am not telling anyone anything they don't already know but I am very glad that I finally made it here. There service was so warm and hospitable that it really added immensely to the whole experience.This is another one of those hidden gems that make me glad I live in Phoenix.
5	The Yelp rating "As good as it gets" says it so perfectly!Just had the Fuego Pasta w/ Shrimp and I was absolutely BLOWN AWAY!! After reading the other reviews I felt that I might be out of my comfort zone with the different styles of food that Fuego Bistro offers (I'm more of a  simpleton, Steak and Taters guy). Missy, the fabulous bartender/hostess/goddess, was most excellent in helping me decide between the Pasta and the Empenada and I was most most pleased with the suggestion. Again, I don't think you can go wrong here. Local AZ business, great food, amazing staff, wonderful owner, the Feng Shui of this place really makes you feel at home!Kudos Fuego, kudos!
4	I was in town and once again looking for some good eats.  I was meeting a friend for dinner, saw all the great reviews for Fuego Bistro and suggested we check it out.  There aren't too may Latin American places that I've found in AZ.  So I was excited to try it.  We got there about 5:15pm.  When looking at the menu noticed that we got there right before happy hour ended.  We ordered the empanadas, cubano sliders, salmon croquette and a salad.  Plus a glass of sangria.  When the food arrived it looked so good!  Wow the flavor was amazing!   Our server was very attentive as well as the wait staff.  Our drinks we're never empty.  The ambiance was very relaxing.  Music playing but not so loud that you cant hear each other.  I think the only negative was that they didnt have coffee.  According to our server they usually dont make coffee during the summer time since it is so hot.  When I have dessert at a restaurant I like a coffee.  I think coffee should always be available.  Maybe even make it to order.  I'd give this place 4.5 stars if I could.  I'll definitely be coming back next time I'm in town.
5	Fabulous food! We made a meal out of three appetizers.  The prawns with mango salsa were delicious.  The fuego salad was tasty with candied nuts, fresh tomatoes, and ripe avocados.  The vegetarian tostadas were spicy but good.
5	My mom and I came here for lunch and just loved it!  We sat outside in the courtyard, which has a relaxed, "wabi-sabi" feel to it; nice, cozy and not concerned with being perfect. The place was clean and well-kept and it seems that the owners care.I loved the Cuban style of everything and thought it was pulled off beautifully. From the signature empanadas appetizer to the Cubano sandwich to the ancho chile chocolate torte, everything was fresh, delicious and--most importantly to me--flavorful! I will definitely come back, probably during one of their jazz nights.
5	There are few dining experiences in which I could say were amazing, Fuego Bistro was definitely one of them.  The food blew me away, I mean really really blew me away.  It was freaking phenomenal hands down so yummy!!!!   I mean If I knew the world was ending tomorrow I think I would pick this place for my last meal then I would take nap and die happy man.  I ordered the filet mignon (medium)  It was cooked to perfection the meat was so deliciously tender melted in my mouth.  As a side order I included the Jalapeno Corn Bread and the Mash Potatoes,  It was by all means a new edgy spin on comfort food.  Location is small and intimate, family owned, cute patio, perfect for a date or couple of friends.  The staff was great, greeted with a genuine smile.  Our waitress, a blond gal with curly hair was awesome, attentive and made excellent suggestions.Can't wait to come back for more!!!!!
5	Beyond tasty! We had a groupon and decided to try Fuego Bistro for the first time. Had never heard of it before. Whoa! Each item we had was so unique and beyond regular fare taste that our taste buds were at attention!Food: We ordered Empanadas which had a tender crusty outside and a tasty center which included ground beef, cheddar cheese, black bean, corn, peppers, onions, and roasted Anaheim chilis served with a homemade chipotle BBQ sauce which was a spicy sweet taste. Yum! We both ordered the Pernil Asado which is pork roasted until it's so tender and very juicy that it falls apart. No knife required. 2 homemade tortillas and an orange habanero mojo sauce are included. The mojo sauce is so tasty we used every last drop. The entrees come with 2 sides so we tried 1. Green Chili Cornbread Casserole which is so moist and the best corn bread I've ever had. 2. Chipotle Cheddar Mashed Potatoes which have a smoky unique flavor. One thing I can say is bring your appetite because there's lots of food. This is a real comfort meal!
4	Wasn't hard to find at all, my boyfriend found it quickly. Love the whole atmosphere.  The lighting and all that was romantic.  Super cute.  I got the vegetarian tostadas. Ehhhhh. It was just like salsa and dip basically.  Spicy, which I love. But still.. ehhh.. lolz.  I was so bummed though. :( because my boyfriend ordered the fuego pasta, with chicken on the side (so we can share because im a vegetarian. And the waiter knows that. )  the food came looking super delicious, as I was going to take a bite. There was sausages in it.............. um okay. The waiter didn't say anything about sausages in it knowing we were going to share.  :( booo.  The bill came out. It was $35.74. I had a Groupon, so end up paying $5.74. :D I just left a $20. Other than that. My boyfriend like his pasta.  Lolz.
4	Fantastic food, but a little pricey.  I grew up in the neighborhood, but after all these years I FINALLY sat down to dine at this place.  My family took me here for my birthday.  Would've sat outside, but a monsoon rolled through so we settled for interior accommodations with a view of the bar.  Being a newbie, I pretty much stuck to anything on the menu that said "signature" on them.  So started with their "signature" empanadas.  Wow, were those awesome.  Almost look like a meat turnover, but packed with flavors across the board.  Also went with their "signature" pulled pork.  Grabbed their cheddar chipotle mashed potatoes and green beans too.  The pulled pork was tender as can be.  The orange sauce that came with it was sweet, but had an almost ferocious spiciness to it that caught me be surprise.  The mashed potatoes were excellent and I used those to absord the meat juices leftover.  The green beans were good, but nothing special.  Washed it all down with a red sangria.As mentioned earlier, the prices were on the steep side.  The empanada appetizer was $10 and the pulled pork was $25.  Including sangria, tax, and tip, it was about $60 for my whole meal.  I definitely left full and the service we got was excellent, but still pricey.I know for a fact they participate in Restaurant Week and usually charge about $30 for a three course menu (including drink), so if you're looking to save a few bucks and take this place for a test drive, that would be a good time to try.  If money isn't an issue, you can't go wrong with this place.  Great Latin American flavors abound and the sides and appetizers are great too.  I'll definitely be back at some point down the road.
4	Lunchtime on a Wednesday, four of us and I only saw one other table of 2 come in.  Maybe it was the monsoon weather, but it was sweltering!  Cute, warm colored walls and original artwork. It could have used some fans.  I think we would have sat outside if it wasn't so hot.  I ordered the Cubano sandwich.  Lot of really good roasted pork!  I opted for beans and rice over fries. Both were nicely seasoned and the rice was good (it can be really bad at some places) Huge portions and our server was super friendly and relaxed and kept my water glass filled.  Desserts all sounded to heavy.  Might be nice to go in the evening and have coffee and something.  Triple check directions, it's off the main street and parking is common to other businesses in the court.
4	This place is awesome! Love the setting, love the lighting, and the food is to die for! The only problem I have is that when you have a big party, you can't split the checks... You have one bill and take all the credit cards... It doesn't make sense.. I'm supposed to be enjoying my food and company but yet I have to sit there and calculate how much each person owes plus tip plus tax? They didnt even do it for you... or offered.. We're in 2013... I would go back but only if its for a party of two...
1	CAUTION TO YELP REVIEWERS: within 24 hrs. of posting this review, I received a "private" message from the owner. He castigated me for using a public forum. However, that is the purpose of Yelp. I have posted both excellent and poor reviews. I feel he preferred privacy because his message was not only poorly written and full of misspellings - he was nasty and unprofessional to the point of being abusive. After scanning the 44 filtered reviews, it is clear that others have had similar experiences with this guy.  He has been reported to Yelp corporate. The length of it prevented me from cut/pasting it here. In the interest of full disclosure: I did not realize at the time the steak was comped and mailed an additional $10 tip to our server a few days later - but the owner thinks WE should be embarrassed???? - yet he admitted that steak was in a puddle of maple syrup. I have been "ordered" not to step foot in any of this guys establishments. No problem. i certainly would not even feel safe in doing so!!! The owner states he was upset that we left upset. We didn't - we smiled and thanked all. He wasnt "upset" - it was a temper tantrum. He states he is not "obligated to smile and suck up to" us. I did apologize at my tendency to give "tips". I used to teach Culinary Arts, and including tips was habit, but at the same time presumptuous of me. This owner also blathered his team's affiliation with the owner of the Barrio Cafe, Silvana Esparza - who we know (although he did not know her first OR last name correctly). Because of his demeanor, I thought she should know her name was being used by this individual and the entire unedited communication has already been sent to her via email.Further, a "new" Yelp member (0 reviews/comments) has accessed my messages [after I blocked the owner] and continued the rant......thinking I would not recognize the familiar syntax and complete lack of punctuation. ORIGINAL REVIEW:I notice the ratings here are either very good.....or very bad. That was our experience here - massive inconsistency.We had been wanting to come here for some time and took advantage of one of the local deals. The patio is lovely and our greeting was friendly. The mango mojito was the best I've had since Puerto Rico and the Salmon Crouquettes were delicious - flavorful and just the right crispness and spice. Our dinners were more than disappointing. My husband's steak - ordered medium rare - arrived well done and chewy/tough. I can't remember when we sent something back....it's been years. But we spoke to the waiter and he took it back. That meant we both ate from my dinner - an evening special of blackened Mahi Mahi. I've had Mahi blackend many times, and this wasn't discernible as being blackened or flavorful at all. For one thing, I've never seen blackened fish with the skin left on. The Mahi "steak" is a firm fish - supposed to be rubbed with spice on both sides and seared quickly at a high temp.  The creamed corn was watery and bland.My husband's 2nd steak arrived nearly raw and swimming in a 1/4 inch puddle of maple syrup. The syrup was no doubt spooned over the maple-chipotle carrots at the other end of the large plate, Come ON!! The idea is to GLAZE the carrots. Drizzle the syrup over the carrots and shove that plate under the salamander to carmelize. Eeeeeyuk - especially since the steak was smothered in onions, peppers, etc. My husband ate a few bites from the outer edges. The cheddar chipotle mashed potatoes were the best item on either one of our plates, but only the top of the potatoes could be sampled, as they had also sponged up the maple syrup.Our waiter was very good - professional and friendly. He was very apologetic about the steak and I always feel sorry when the waitstaff has to take complaints back to the kitchen (I've been in that situation).  My husband, an excellent grill master, remarked that whoever was on their grill just was not confidant at judging the "doneness" of the meat. From the look on our waiter's face, it appeared that he already knew  this. Steak is simple and if their grill manager isn't confidant.....use a thermometer.We passed on dessert, and because of the special (an Amazon Local) - our bill wasn't painful. Had there been no discount on the bill, we probably would have asked that my husband's meal be refunded and ordered another round of the salmon crouquettes. All in all, this felt like a place that just opened and doesn't have their act together and hasn't bothered to clean up the "details."  - like the type-written drink menu that says their  house Margarita contains rum. (Huh??) How hard is that to fix? And their bartender - who knows nothing about tequila.  And why was their restaurant sign tilted up against the wall and not out front at 6:00 on a Saturday?This experience was like one of those TV shows where someone needs to go in and decorate, organize, and teach.
5	Love love love this place! Highly recommend the food and the service is amazing!  We tried this place on a living social deal and it was a bit tucked away and hard to find but totally worth the find. Portions are big and food is delicious! Will definitely be our go to place in the future!
3	I was hoping for more out of this place :( I don't think I will be returning for a round 2. Place could work on its service a little.
4	OMG!! So happy to have found this sweet little  restaurant. As others have mentioned, it's somewhat tucked into a little hole In the wall courtyard shopping center, but that only adds to the charm. We went for restaurant week and the food was amazing and the service was great!  We're already planning our next trip back.
2	Another Phoenix restaurant getting away w/ poor customer service, sub-par food, high prices and A HORRIBLE HOST.RESERVATIONS--I made reservations for my boyfriends sisters birthday last night (9/24/13). She had a Groupon and we've both been wanting to try out this restaurant for a while. I called to make reservations, no one answered during open hours. I called again, no answer. I went online and found a number to text your reservations. I got a response back very quickly "got it". When we arrived, we were seated at the table nearly in the entrance hallway. Probably the worst table. (People from the dance studio were sweeping the dust and dirt from the dance floor out their back door right next to our table--gross!) No one mentioned the birthday the whole dinner. Clearly a lack of communication w/ the reservation line.The worst part was when I mentioned our disappointment w/ our experience to the XL host at the front, he was not empathetic in the slightest way. I made a comment about having a Groupon and the host used it against me saying "well that's the type of service you get when you use a Groupon".--Oh REALLY? I couldn't believe he said that. Our service was actually good. It was him that was dreadful to communicate with..I mentioned something about the birthday, and he said "we don't do anything special for birthdays". I asked if they knew how to at least say happy birthday, and he snidely said "we'll happy birthday!" - I told him it wasn't my birthday, it was someone else's in our group.A group of people came up and he changed his attention to helping them so I walked away. He then yelled at me to come back that he wasn't done talking I me. I was done talking to him when he changed his focus to the other group--he clearly has no customer service skills.FOOD--the only thing they have right is taste. Total lack of attention to textures. Food comes out of the kitchen sloppy. Overcooked carrots, under-cooked cornbread. Cornbread was sitting in a puddle of juice from the carrots when I got my plate making it extra soggy. Empanadas were fantastic. Pulled pork was good, nothing special. Steak had lots of tendons/cartilage. Topping on the steak was great. Great classic margarita.I will NOT be going back. NOT worth the money.
4	I don't know what all the whining's about - my friend and I just got back from a fabulous Restaurant Week meal at Fuego Bistro and we were both very pleased. I had an excellent New York strip and those chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes are to die for. Good food, relaxing patio atmosphere, great service, and yes, the owner swung by our table and greeted us without incident. I'll definitely be back.
4	Great service with authentic South American food. Fish taco is awesome
1	Purchased a Groupon deal for Fuego Del Mar while in Phoenix for this weekend but ended up here per the owner's suggestion as Del Mar is closed for a wedding reception. The host is pleasant but our server is snooty and the taste of their food do not justify their pricing. We're from CA and dined at places that charges this much but tasted way better than this. We were in Albuquerque (El Pinto) and Santa Fe (Taberna La Boca) the weekend before and had excellent food but didn't pay this much.
5	My Mom took me here while visiting her. It's an adorable little place with a nice patio and very nice staff. It's apparently hard to find if you don't have a GPS, but most people do these days so no sweat. The food was AWESOME!!!! It was some of the best food I've had in a long time. Everything was perfect and very filling. I ordered the carnitas tacos with rice and beans. The carnitas were slow cooked for a few days with various spices. OMFG, yes please. The rice and beans, generally a side that are NBD, were soooo yummy. I could eat that combo everyday. Seriously. That sauce on the tacos was delish too. The rest of the trip I talked about how good the food was and how I wanted to go back. Sadly it was too far from my Mom's place. Next time it's on!! I'd also like to casually mention that Yelp may or may not still have a $5 for $10 deal for it. Even better!
5	Decided to ride my bike to one of my favorite neighborhood restaurants for happy hour & the BEST raspberry mojito made by one of THE best bartertenders in town. I had the chicken street tacos which are very fresh & stuff with a lot of chicken & veggies & just the right amount of spice to compliment the tacos. This a great place for happy hour or a nice dinner. Friendly & knowledgable staff and great food.
3	I know most people are not going to agree with this review, but this is just an okay place in my book.  First the positives, greta tucked away location, cozy, had some live music playing which was really nice.  You don't find that often.  Service was amazing, and very attentive.  It was our first time here and we went with a group of four and we had a plan to sample as many things as possible, which is what we did.For me, the food was not that great (except the cornbread and jalapeno corn sauce).  That was YUMM.  But the new york steeak, for me was not marinated or flavored much, and when I can grill something better at home myself, I can't give a shout out.  The bbq pork sliders I had two bites and left the rest.  Margarita's suprisingly were not ever good either.  I tried to doctor them up, but was not a fan of these either. That being said, my wife liked the nachos and the chicken, but my other friend Jess didn't care for her fish (which she said was dry).  At any rate, cool place, and like I said, I know people will disagree and tastebuds differ, but I don't see myself making a huge effort to go back anytime soon.I do give them a shoutout in general as I said its a great place to hang out, but that is as far as I can go.Have fun, and find your sizzle!Attorney Steve, the business and real estate lawyer.http://www.attorneysteve.net
5	I had a groupon to this place so a few friends and decided to check it out.This place is tucked away in a little courtyard building near some dance studios..great ambiance on the patio and quaint dining area inside.  Service was spot on. First I ordered their house made white Sangria.. Was refreshing and delicious. I decided to get their signature dish after eyeing some of the other customers getting it. Was a HUGE Panko breaded pasilla pepper stuffed with mahi mahi, shrimp and scallops.. I mean really how can this not be amazing and sure enough it was..but just as amazing was the green chile corn bread and cheddar mashed potatoes sides..OMG.  Servings are huge and you won't leave this place hungry.. 20-28 dollar entrees for dinner but you get what you pay for.Four of us decided to split the banana burrito topped with ice cream and whipped cream and chocolate.. If I died right there I would have died a happy man.. So definitely check this place out for some good Latin inspired comfort food. The server handed us all cards for a free entree when you buy one so we will be coming back.
5	On the recommendation of a friend, we decided to try Fuego Bistro.  We were pleasantly surprised, to say the least.The restaurant is comfortably small, with patio seating and a handful of tables inside.  They had a full bar with various liquors and a good wine selection.  We tried their red sangria, which was really flavorful and not too sweet.I ordered the pernil asado with cheddar mashed potatoes and green chile cornbread.  The plate was huge and gave me enough food to take home for lunch the next day.  My boyfriend had the chile relleno with creamed corn and cornbread.  Both of our dishes were very flavorful and tasty.  We also tried the banana burrito for dessert, which was perfect!  I couldn't have asked for a better tasting meal.The service was very warm and attentive.  We had a groupon, which helped with the bill, as it was on the pricier side (average $20-25 a plate).  It still would have been worth it to me.  They even gave us a BOGO flier after we paid!  I will definitely be back.
4	This place is a gem to the valley awesome service cool scenery and most important great quality & great tasting food very impressed will be back for sure.
4	We really like Fuego Bistro. It has one of the best patios in Phoenix, the staff and host are awesome, and the food is spot on. They have a great wine list and the short ribs is one of the best dishes in Phoenix. When the little lady and I dine at Fuego, we always share the short ribs and the pork. For sides, I get the cornbread and mashed tatters, she gets the tatters and green beans. The one downside is this is what we always get. We really like this combo, but we haven't really found anything else we like. We have tried almost all their other entrees, and several specials but haven't found anything we would order again. With that said, I would recommend the short ribs to anybody, anytime, over most all other Phoenix restaurants.
4	Amazing amazing food. Ordered the veggie tacos, empanadas, nachos and pork tacos. All very very good. The patio is happy hour ALL the time. Great pre/post event eats!
5	This was a great spot found by little sisters boyfriend. He saw it on groupon and did the research on Yelp and we ended up going as a group of 6. First off, their happy hour looks worth it in itself, but the dinner and drink menu is great.They are very tucked away, so it took us one time circling to find it. I liked this aspect of it because when you do find it, its quiet from the road and it makes for a really cute patio.We started with drinks - mom got the prickly pear mojito, dad got the blood orange (everyone's favorite), sister got the white sangria, boyfriend had a margarita, and little sisters boyfriend got a regular mojito (I was boring with white wine). All of the drinks were good and strong.Boyfriend had the short rib for dinner and man was that good! Dad and little sisters boyfriend had the pernil asado, which aside from the short rib was everyone's favorite. The flavor was slightly smokey with an all spice or cinnamon after taste which was just delicious. Little sister had the special of the night which was a sea food risotto (odd for a Mexican restaurant but no one will complain about some good fusion). Mom had the seafood chile relleno and loved it and I went with the chicken. Everything was delicious but I think I would go back for the short rib or pernil asada for sure. All of the sides were great, green beans, creamed corn, cornbread, carrots - YUM.What I loved was the happy service along with the great food. We even got a little coupon for the next time we come in and we will be there sooner rather than later -especially to try the big happy hour menu.
5	Best value for happy hour in town.  The appetizers are a good size for the money and are not a step down in quality.  You can't beat a pork quesadilla, a piece of key lime pie and 2 margaritas for a little over $20.
5	This place was great.  The outdoor patio was so cute and cozy, you never would have guessed we were in Phoenix, so quiet.  Food was great and the manager/hostess was a trip to trip to talk to.  I will come back when i'm in the Phoenix area again.
4	Short ribs were excellent, along with chipotle mashed potatoes.  A little hard to find, but worth it.
5	We have no shortage of Mexican Food joints in the Phoenix area. Some would say we maybe have too many. However, as an avid Mexican Food fan, I can't ever have enough. I will say, though, that some tend to be the same old story, with slight tweaks. Example? The burrito at Garcia's tastes a lot like the one at Manuel's. Don't even get me started on Macayo's...However, Fuego Bistro is that breath of fresh air that we Mexican Food lovers have been waiting for. Everything is fresh, unique, and absolutely fantastic. The first time I came here, I tried the pernil asada, a tender, shredded pork dish that beats any carnitas-style dish I've ever had. The crisp, sweet red cabbage that they serve with it and other dishes is so amazing that even I eat it, and I typically hate cabbage. Then there's the happy hour. Cheap prices on wonderful food, to include the Cubano Sliders. Oh my goodness, were these something to die for. They go quite well with a cold Modelo with lime too, by the way.Prices run a bit high, but the lunch menu offers a bit of a break, and happy hour of course is very reasonable. In all, you won't be disappointed here. If anything, you'll be thankful for a fresh take on a cuisine that has become rather saturated into the Phoenix area. My kudos to the chef, staff, and owner of this fine dining establishment.
5	This place is phenomenal. It's tucked away so be sure not to miss it as you drive by! Their patio is beautiful at night and they sometimes have live music. Anyway, their food is absolutely amazing. I am a vegetarian and they have an incredible off-menu item; veggie enchiladas. A little spicy but perfectly delicious. We've been there a few times and have always had a great experience. Service has always been wonderful. Nothing to complain about. Definitely try this place. I'll certainly be back.A note to vegetarians, their cornbread has bacon in it. But if you're not vegetarian, it sounds like it would be a mistake not to order it. Everyone raves about it!
2	We tried this restaurant because of all of the good reviews. We went in the early afternoon and they had 1 person taking care of everyone. We were there for about 5 minutes before we even saw the employee. It isn't bad food, but for the price and from the reviews we were disappointed. I had the Enchiladas. they were cooked well, but the flavor was there. Bland. Not a good thing when the most flavorful thing on the plate is the rice. We won't be returning.
5	Amazing food! Unexpected, but wonderful flavors. Excellent service!Steak was legendary and chocolate torte divine.
5	For me, this has to be the best casual place to have lunch or dinner in Phoenix. The chile relleno they serve at lunch is amazing, but the seafood chile relleno is beyond amazing! I mean, I dream about it sometimes lol. I love stopping by for lunch when the weather is perfect, like it was today (it reminded me of being back in Orange County) and eating out on the patio. Oh, and the corn bread...oh my goodness, the corn bread. That has to be the best side dish you can get this side of the Milky Way. I've gone through about half of their menu and I'm telling you that there is no way you can go wrong with anything there. Their cocktails are really good too, and I love the names they give them. Had the "Boss' Wife" today and it was very tasty. This is one of those places one should absolutely check out. If you're a local, there is no reason not to come here often, and if you're in town for a day or so and want to go back home bragging about the best food you ever had, this is the place to come. Regardless what you order, I absolutely, without a doubt, recommend that you order the cornbread side with your meal.
5	Amazing meal tonight.  The food has an amazingly delicate quality. Dying under the stars, listen to good music and enjoy.  I love the Empanadas appetizer. Oh yeah the people are great too.
4	The BEST of the Fuego chain. A real treat and enjoyed it very much. A pleasant hidden secluded location, live music, great service and delicious food. Ive bee to every Fuego and this one is by far the best of all. Go when there is live music and sit on the patio if you can.. a really great unknown spot.. Id take anyone from out of town here to show them how Phoenix does it..
5	The food was delicious ! The waiters were very polite and well comforting . It was worth the drive .... (Dont let the front of the place scare you ) :)
1	the CRYING BABIES were awful, this is not a place for kids at all.  We left, it wasnot a great atmosphere
1	Wow if your a single diner this place will not serve you.  I got the stink eye when I indicated that I didn't want a drink after being sat at the bar, excuse me for not drinking and driving.  Clearly this guy was an angry ole queen. They refused to honor my groupon, I was so pissed I just got up and left.  Normally I would have ripped the rude  ole queen working the bar a new one, but it was his lucky night.  Never go here unless you want to be treated like dirt.  I see lots of other 1 star reviews regarding how rude the servers are.  Then for the owner to respond with zero professionalism proves my point.  Anyone reading his response won't dine here ever!  He's the 100% scum he refers to customers as.  I wasn't trying to eat for free, I worked in a high end restaurant in college and tip very well.  If you don't want people to use a groupon which they paid for then don't sell them!  Oh and the groupon wasn't free moron!  I know how to use them- thanks!
3	This restaurant is tucked away but definitely worth finding.  There is a small courtyard with various tables, as well as what appears to be two or three separate indoor seating areas.  Interesting artwork is available for purchase on the walls.We were promptly and courteously seated, but I did notice that when I had called earlier to make the reservation, I had been asked if we preferred outside or inside seating.  I chose outside, and we were promptly seated inside!  This was no big deal, and we were offered a table outside if we wanted.Our waitress was friendly and efficient, and the food was excellent, with huge portions.  Make sure to save room for dessert!The only hiccup was really not the restaurant's fault - their internet was down so they couldn't use the credit card terminal machine.  This created a bit of confusion and significantly slowed down paying the bill.  Despite the fiasco, our server remained calm and polite, even though she was not particularly thrilled about us splitting the bill.In summary, I do recommend giving this place a good look and enjoy a mojito while you're there!
5	This place is phenomenal!!! I bought a groupon and ventured over here to check it out for the first time. The food was outstanding and they had a very nice outdoor patio seating area with an awesome acoustic duo playing music. Very enjoyable. I highly highly recommend this place!!!
5	We ordered the seafood relleno. it was amazing! it came with chipoltle cheddar mashed potatoes and cornbread. Also amazing. We sat at the bar and the bartender, Steve, was very friendly. A definite must go!
2	Wasn't impressed. The food tasted like it was sitting in warming bins, in particular the mashed potatoes. Dishes are way overpriced for what you get. Now I understand why they have a Groupon.
4	Food and service, 4 stars.Location and prices, 3.First, we had a hard time finding this place, it is definitely not what we were expecting.Once you get there it is not as bad, but it is tiny and it feels kind of crowded.The menu is very creative, but the dinner prices are a tad to high for a small place like this in this location. You can easily go over a hundred (including tip) for a dinner for 2 (no alcohol, yes to dessert)We had the Fuego pasta and the Angus short ribs. The short ribs with a side of jalapeno cornbread (these guys bring cornbread to a whole new level) and chipotle mashed potatoes.I thought they were really good, I was not so crazy about the pasta but my hubby liked it.We shared a Kahula Creme Brulee $9 (Big typo in the menu, I believe it was Kahlua), it was so so, I did not love it. No Kahlua on my creme brulee next time : )Service was great. We may be back, if we are even in that neighborhood : )
5	This place is amazing!! Best meal I have had in awhile. Started with empanadas which were awesome, had beef short rib for entree which was delicious, and key lime pie for dessert.. Very impressed with food and our server was great too. Will definitely be back!!
5	If you were not Looking for this Place, you would NEVER see it...It is NOT on a main roadway. Although there is a grand piano being played there, you may be seated at an iron outdoor table.  BUT,  It has been there for 8 years.So what does that tell you??  The Food is REALLY quite good!!!!I had the Fuego Seafood Chile Relleno and my wife had the Signature Pernil Asado. BOTH were excellent.  It is not cheap, but with the limited amount of seating, they have to make it work.....Next time we will plan on NOT finishing our meals (I actually finished mine and my wife happily has lunch today from hers!) and get to try the deserts!!
5	Just about our favorite place for food. It is hard to find the first time, but once you do you will go back again; Did I mention the Sangria? red is my choice, but he also has white; and just about any drink you can think of; the Happy Hour is great with terrific items and low prices. When we go early we get some Tapa's and then dinner after, and always wind up carrying a box home for the next day; and the leftovers are just as good.  You cant go wrong with any of the entrees, although, i have a hard time deciding between the Short Rib and the Pernil Pork. My hubby loves the seafood, but the Chef always has a special of the day, that is to die for. l personally love the Chile Cornbread Casserole, and the Creamed Jalapena corn,, but all the sides are good; and, if you are in the mood for sweets,, their desserts are unbelievable . Spring and winter you can eat outside, and some nights they have music. The Staff are great, and we go again and again.
4	Fantastic little place and yes it's off the beaten path a bit, but worth the adventure to find it. We were looking for something new to try and bought a groupon for this place. The dishes are unique, very flavorful, and good portions. Service was very good, everyone was attentive, drinks were well made, and desert was aces. It is a bit cramped and you feel like your into the next tables conversation, but I'm there to have fun and do business or divulge my deepest secrets at the table so who cares. Worth the stop if your looking for something new and exciting.
3	3 stars is being generous. The lure is probably the mixed drinks menu, but we don't drink. The food overall was tasty. We had 2 appetizers, 3 main meals & dessert. The food was tasty and a little different than usual border Mexican fare. The ambiance is very plain in a small space and is no doubt nicer outside in the alcove or on the side where there is live piano music. They don't offer coffee "in the summer." (????) All the waiters help out at each table so you don't have a problem with service. However, the service is relatively impersonal. I wouldn't recommend and certainly not for families with children.
5	Talk about a hidden gem! This vibrant little place is tucked in a dance studio and what appears to be an art studio?? But, my oh my, what a delectable experience. The food is fresher than fresh and the service was personal and welcoming. Our party of four couldn't believe the endless cocktail menu with some pretty unique offerings. There is truly something for everyone, beer and wine to boot. The prickly-pear margarita was by far the BEST margarita I've ever had - thanks for that! Food - wow. They have a marvelously affordable social hour from 3-6pm with terrific choices. We shared the epenadas, the paella, and the cornbread smothered with chicken, resting on black beans. The short rib enchiladas were the hit of the table, but the pork pernil wasn't too shabby either. The seafood enchilada was a bit overdone, but that may be a personal choice. Loved the sides - gorgeously vibrant maple spicy carrots, fresh green beans, cheddary mashed potatoes, and that glorious cornbread. Don't miss it... or the chocolate chip bread pudding with malted crunch ice cream. Not sure how often their menu changes, but skip on over and give them a try. You will not be disappointed.
4	Realize I'm just piling on here with all the positive reviews, but this place is gem. Great patio when the weather permits and delicious food. They typically have a decent groupon offer running also, just don't forget to tip your waiter on the original total!
3	Best part of the meal was 3 olive dude vodka.didnt care for the empanadas like all the good reviews. The meatloaf sandwiches were bland. Sweet potato fries were hot. Beans cold. Rice was tasty. Meal for 4 people 75.00 wow
5	This is Awsome place to eat always fresh very tasty food it's a cute little place with nice ambience Steve was our waiter he was excellent desert is also excellent and lots of mixed drinks to choose from and beers
5	Delicious, huge portions.  Great staff.  Fascinating liquor selection (wine, beer, spirits).  Give this intimate place a BIG yum!
4	Sooooo good full of options and great staff! The food is so delicious I willHave to come back again! Deff recommend it!!
5	I just love this small locally own business they are just so into making your experience there the best.. I had the beef short rib and my friend had the pasta. Tried both meals and equally impressive. Pictures posted. I made reservation for only  4 in our party & we got right in. The location is in a different setting at first I didn't like it but I do now.. Give them a try. Oh and the first picture is funny 0% off.. I forgave them but the do need to change this.
5	A Groupon is what brought my boyfriend and me to Fuego Bistro for the first time last night. The cozy candlelit atmosphere was very inviting. The food was phenomenal!  The empanadas are a must for an appetizer. The crust was golden and perfectly and evenly cooked. That was followed by the most flavorful short rib enchiladas I've ever had. The seasonal (blueberry) sangria was the perfect addition to a magnificent meal. My boyfriend & I both found ourselves taking smaller bites and eating more slowly in an attempt to savor every morsel and prolong our dining experience. Will definitely be going back when the rain stops and hopefully sit in the courtyard for some live music.
5	Absolutely one of my family's favorite places to eat. The food is fantastic.  I love the piano entertainment on Friday and Saturday nights. I seriously could go every weekend!
5	A little hard to find but holy wow! It was so worth it when we arrived. In the back of a little hidden courtyard we found a small 12 table restaurant with a 10 page menu full of exciting cocktails, wines & delicious food. I was so hungry I didn't even take pictures. We had the HH Pork Nachos, Tacos, Salmon Croquettes and all was delicious. To finish the meal I enjoyed the Ancho Chile Flourless Chocolate Torte! Interested to see this place at night time with their live music.
1	I just read the owner comment to my review & lowered to 1-STAR. The worst customer service!!
4	Ate here last night -- great ambiance.  They have a lovely courtyard and as the evening weather was perfect, it was most pleasurable eating outside.  They also had 2 people playing and singing -- just beautiful, very melodic and not so loud that you could not hold a decent conversation.  Bf, having eaten earlier, had the appetizer spinach salad which was quite big.  He said it was above average.  I had the tilapia with green beans and mashed potatoes.  Not at all as plain as I am making it sound -- check out the menu for yourself.  Good array of wines as well.  We will be back here even though it is a bit of a drive for us.
5	Wow! Fuego Bistro is such a hidden gem in this town! I heard of it through livingsocial.com and decided to take my son out on a mommy son date thursday evening and to our pleasant surprise there was live music on a Thursday night! Not only was it live but also it was really really good! The music genre was perfect for the atmosphere. We were already impressed with the atmosphere and amazing music when we ordered chips and guac and pico de Gayo. The guac was so delicious and the  chips and pico de Gayo were super fresh at a very reasonable $6. We ordered the house salad their salmon cakes and their kids pasta with chicken. All of it was superb! I also have to note the service was also excellent! Our waitress never let our drink glasses go below half. It started to get pretty busy and I have to say our service was still excellent! In the end we ended up getting a banana burrito for dessert and there are no words to describe how delicious that was! This is definitely one of my new favorite spots to bring family and friends from out of town! We will definitely be back.
5	For what ever reason we had not visited Fuego Bistro until about a year ago. Now we have probably been 12 or more times, sometimes for full dinner with friends others just to sit at the bar and nibble appetizers.If you're expecting white tablecloths or unusual architecture, you will be disappointed but the quirkiness of this place is its charm.The menu is extensive and we have yet to try anything that was not to our liking. I would call the prices reasonable and in-line with restaurants we regularly eat at. The drink list is extensive and Steve, the bartender, very personable.At their busiest, service has always been good to excellent. And now when we show up we are greeted like family. And then there's the live music.Check out their menu and give them a try!
5	I cannot believe this place hasn't been talked about more! We came here last week for restaurant week and I could not stop thinking about the food! The special menu was 33/pp, came with 1st, 2nd, and 3rd course AND a glass of Sangria. When I heard free sangria I automatically thought it would be some watered down, sugary mess but it was delicious! And we even got to pick between 4 different types. I think we all got the "remix" one which was blackberry. For the first course we got the empenadas, green chili cornbread, and giant prawns. The cornbread was the favorite I think...it was sooo good, and not just a little slice of bread, it comes in a bowl and is HUGE. For dinner we had the signature pernil asado, chicken breast, and I think it was short rib enchiladas. Each entree came with a choice of TWO sides! Seriously....so much food but it was all soooo good..of course we all got the cheddar/chiptole mashed potatoes that were super spicy but delicious. Key Lime pie won the dessert round for sure. Service was great! Timing between courses was a little quick (overlapped between 1 & 2) but we tried to pace ourselves. Our server was really great in offering his opinions and answering every question. There was also a lot of team work going on which is good to see. All in all this place was AWESOME.  We got THREE meals out of our one (totally sounds like my grandma wrapping her thanksgiving leftovers in foil, but it's true) We will definitely be back, with or without restaurant week.
4	The food was incredible, but the owner was surprised to see our group despite our reservation. Other than his absentmindedness, the experience was fantastic. The server was also very friendly.
5	Very nice atmosphere. The flavor combinations are absurd in there epic awesomeness. Tried almost everything between us blue cheese steak was sooo good, everything was excellent staff was incredibly kind and friendly.
5	Fuego Bistro has become one of my favorite restaurants.  It has everything I look for in a great place.  The food is excellent, the staff is terrific providing a warm friendly atmosphere, and the outside seating area  is perfect - not a street or car in sight!  On Thursdays (and sometimes weekend) they also have entertainment.  Now back to the food.  I've had their slow cooked pork and a new dish - short rib enchiladas, and both have been delicious and the portions generous.  Even the sides are excellent, and the cocktails and Sangria top everything off.  We now try to get to this place any time we are in Phoenix.  I can't wait to go again!
1	Only had one waitress, that had her young daughter sitting up at the bar eating lunch, A table was trying to get her attention she told them to wait while she attended to her daughter whom seemed to have been OK eating her lunch while we sat there for 10 minutes waiting to be helped there was only 3 tables with patrons and they all had food. That was just the beginning of the bad experience...we were going to leave but I had bought a voucher from Amazon Local and because of the time they wouldst except it I talked to the owner who was very rude and didn't want to give away food even though I paid for my voucher......Will never go back there again.....Amazon did refund my money
3	I have been to this place about 3 times now.  Although I do enjoy the outdoor dining, lights, nice music, etc. this last time was not so good.  Maybe this was because it was a Friday?? The place was very busy and although we got seated fairly quickly it was at a table situated above an overhead mister which dripped water on me throughout my meal.  I managed to maneuver around the problem so it would not hit my head or food.  I have to admit, it  sort of surprised me that the establishment was not aware of this problem.  At any rate, I did not mention it to the staff until much later in my meal and I did not ask to be moved since I managed a "work around" the problem.  The music that evening was louder than the previous evenings.  I personally prefer music to be an undertone when I am dining.  Don't get me wrong, the music was good, I just hate having to raise my voice to be heard over dinner which is the last thing I feel like doing on a Friday evening toward my significant other.  I am starting to question the food here  -- the fact that it comes out so quickly makes me feel like I am being served fast food and the prices do not reflect that. Perhaps it's the ambiance we pay for.  The dessert we shared was, in our opinion, not so good even though we ate it but who has not eaten something they thought was not that great??  If we all did that, how would that change dining out?  Everybody has different taste buds and dietary concerns as well.
5	Some of the best pork I've ever tasted in my life!  Super cool little patio that is tucked away hidden from the craziness of 7th st.  They were attentive and very helpful with menu suggestions.  They had some tasty cocktail suggestions as well to match the dishes and you can tell the staff has worked together for some time.  They were all working together and helping out.  Some people don't like that, I appreciate that vibe from a place as it tells the customer they all care and want to be there.
5	Just visited this little gem tonight. Its tucked away right off the main drag and that only adds to the appeal of this place. Great food with a very cool "plaza" atmosphere. Lots of veggies and great ingredients. I felt clean and perfectly content after this meal!
4	Went to Fuego Bistro last night with my girlfriend.   The Martinez cocktail was great, worth ordering.   The Argentina blended red wine was delicious.   The seafood chile relleno was ok.  Too much sauce drowned out the flavor for me.   String bean side were simple but good.   Mashed potatoes are good.  Mahi mahi special was good on flavor.   The maple glazed carrots and the corn bread are AWSOME.   The bread wasn't as hot as I liked though.   Here is the best part of the night.   STACY was Awsome.    She was a server I don't think but she was incredible.   Personable, lively, fun, friend, and she was hustling to take care of the table all night.   She was the best part of the night.  By far she made the experience The live music was Awsome.  The guitarist had great music selection.   Although he was Awsome the music was a great variety of classic rock, country, current hits, there was no Latin music to keep with the theme of the restaurant.   I would have liked something Latin sprinkled into the mix during the time we were there.
5	So good, I already wanted to write this glowing review while still at the restaurant! Came to Phoenix for the first time and found this place off Travelzoo. Atmosphere: It's tucked off a main road in a quaint little plaza strung w/ festive lights and has ample outdoor seating with heating lamps. There's live music (not sure if it's every day, but lucky it was going on at dinner time) and the musicians are so talented.Food: The Travelzoo voucher is probably the best bang for your buck. I tried the blackberry sangria (highly recommend), and a little bit of everything -- I mean everything. Pernil, mashed potatoes, jalapeno biscuits, chorizo penne pasta, corn, salmon croquettes. Super flavorful! I don't think there was an item I disliked.Service: Amazing! I think this is what really did it. The hostess is so bubbly and the waiter is genuinely nice (sorry I don't remember their names, but previous posts mention them as well so you know they're consistent).Zero complaints for this place. Very glad I stumbled upon it!
3	We used a restaurants.com deal to try this local spot for the first time. We were definitely charmed by the patio and outdoor space, but not so much by the $25 yucky short rib enchiladas and $12 watered down drinks. The sides (cornbread and creamed corn- waitresses selections) were decent the empanada appetizer had good flavor but again all wayyy overpriced. Won't be back.
4	We came here with a groupon deal. The place is a little difficult to find since its off 7th st, and down an alley. Then you have to find the small sign as it is in a alcove of a small building.  We sat outside which was pleasant, if not a little cold.  The service was average, nothing special.  We did enjoy the food which was flavorful with good portions, if a little pricey.  The live music they had was enjoyable and nice addition to a nice evening there. The atmosphere is relaxed, yet efficient.
