2	Today I had to wait toooo long for the chit chat to end with the cashier and a talkative customer.  Socialization is fine but with six or so other employees within sight it didn't fit the Starbucks image of efficiency.  Two different employees punched keys on the second register in front of me and then walked away assuming the other register was soon to be freed up... Maybe... ???I finally got my usual tall Pikes Place so all is well that ends well so to speak...
4	I heart starbucks.  This Starbucks in particular is great because of a few things:1. even though it's next to a busy road, they still have little grass hills that separate you from the real world when you're sitting outside2. they have a giant parking lot and a drive thru.  3. they have a larger selection of retail stuff...and they always have stuff in the clearance basket too...yay me.You probably know what a good Starbucks is.  This is just like that. :)
5	Another favorite Starbucks location. This one is on my way to work, but I usually get a drink on the way home in the afternoon instead of in the morning. The staff is very friendly, they get the order right the first time, and are very helpful when asked questions about new products.I recently bought the seasonal Casi Cielo coffee at this location based on their recommendation and love it! Best of all, they ground up the beans for me based on what kind of machine we use and I didn't have to wait more than 2 minutes for it! The location is also great because it is easy to pull in to and leave after getting the coffee fix!
1	So this Starbucks gets 1 star for convenience (even though sometimes it's not).  Every time I drive-through, I'm reminded of that Monster.com commercial with the monkeys.  Monkeys could probably run this place better than the current crew.  Between messed up orders, over-filled coffee cups (didn't you read about that mcdonald's customer who sued for spilled coffee?), and slow service (a cup of coffee should be ready by the time I get to the window) my not-so-frequent-anymore trips to this starbucks are always an adventure.  I guess at least they keep me guessing... how will we mess up next time?
1	To quote fellow Yelper Andres D: "trips to this starbucks are always an adventure.  I guess at least they keep me guessing... how will we mess up next time?"That pretty much hits the nail on the head.  Whether driving though or walking in expect the simple to be complicated and things to get interesting in a very annoying way.  The only time I drove through the lady taking my order repeated it back to me incorrectly 3 times (and this was coffee, not one of their more complex concoctions--yet she kept thinking I wanted a skinny latte?) and when she gathered there was some annoyance on my end she said "well sorry, but I'm multi-tasking here".  This was just one of many interesting trips, as I've been here dozens of times as it's so close to my house.  They constantly forget about the food portion of the order, forget a drink, and have some employees that aren't that nice....or sharp.  We keep hoping the staff will turn over, or something will change--yet they continue to be consistently inconsistent.Another annoyance management should take up with the property manager is the sprinklers--which come on around 7 - 8 am every morning leaving the patio, walkway, and tables soaked.  If you feel like sitting outside you're going to have to wipe things down yourself.I contrast this experience to the location by my office which probably does at least 3 times the volume, but never screws up, knows my name, and when I was a daily customer would have my drink ready before I even got to the register.Needless to say, I am exploring other options for my caffeine fix.....
4	In the morning, this Starbucks is INCREDIBLY crowded and the parking lot does not accommodate much of a line for the drive thru. Parking and going in will save time and headache with other vehicles. Staff is fabulous and friendly.
1	I've been waiting to review my neighborhood Starbucks until I could at least give it a 1 star, since zero is not an option.  They get one star for firing the unpleasant barista that made my Saturday morning visits miserable.  It is inevitable that every time I go to this Starbucks, I either get terrible service, or I get good service and they mess up my order.  This is not the place where "everybody knows your name", because they don't ask!  Wasn't that the premise of Starbucks when they first opened? Everyone's name was on their cup?  I want my name on my cup!!!! Despite my complaining, I continue to go back, every week... Why? Because I'm a sucka!
2	Except for the one lady "Ashley" (she's only messed up once), this place is a mess... I really need to stop going here instead of writing bad Yelp reviews.
4	Of all the Starbucks I have ever been to...this is one of them.  Clean, standard friendly staff, good drinks.Not much else to say, if you like Starbucks, this is right up your alley!
4	I haven't had any of the issues with this location that previous reviewers have had. My drinks have consistently been made correctly and they have great customer service. I bring my dog here (thank you drive-thru) and they always fawn over him which makes me a proud puppy parent :) Will return!
5	Great service, great coffee.  Employees are very friendly.
3	Not sure why there's so many reviews mentioning poor customer service - Have yet to experience any issues like the ones described. Then again, I never come here on weekday mornings so I wouldn't know. Aside from a extra creepy encounter with an "overly friendly" customer that no joke followed me out to my car, this is another great place to get stuff done on Sundays. I'll also drop into this location when seeing my work clients on this side of town. Otherwise, it's just your typical Starbucks . . . what else is there to say?
5	I've always had a good experience at this Starbucks. I live basically right next door so I come here a lot and usually go through the Drive Thru and I've never had any issues. The staff here is really friendly and I like friendly people. One thing though and this has to do with the customers not with Starbucks....if you are in the drive thru line with more than 2 cars behind you...YOU'RE IN TOO DEEP...don't try and "back out" of the drive thru because that is obnoxious. Also, do not PARK directly behind the drive through on a week day morning because YOU WON"T BE ABLE TO GET OUT. Literally, some dude came out to his car one time and he was parked directly behind the super busy drive thru and laid on his horn for literally like 5 minutes. WTF do you think that's gonna do you FOOL. Sorry you made a really terrible parking choice but don't punish the rest of us.
5	This starbucks is by far the best. First of all, let me say there is a guy who works there with a long brown pony tail, who is very nice!! I can't imagine saying " welcome to starbucks what can I get started for ya"  a million times a day, but he does!!! The staff there is always very nice! And they never mess up my drinks!!! v
2	I come to this location every once in a while and without fail they mess up one part of my order.
3	Pumpkin Spiced Latte has just changed my life.This place gets odd waves of business - one second quiet then - BAM! - line out the door.  Staf is friendly and efficient - we all know what Starbucks sells so, yeah, they have that stuff too.
2	This is the slowest Starbucks drivethru ever. I don't know what they are doing differently than every other sbux but it's killing me. The coffee and food are always good but it takes forever.
4	Always friendly great service.   Go there before work on a regular basis.  They are busy at shift changes drom the hospital have to time your visit.
1	Very annoying young staff yelling alot also in that whiny girl voice. Wifi and reception stinks as well. Not a good place to conduct business as they don't clean the tables or floors either. Damn..they won't shutup. Gotta leave.
4	Was on my way home and decided to stop off at a Starbucks. I've to this one once before. It's convenient and the gal at the drive-thru window was friendly. Glad to know they appreciate your patronage.a
2	I have given this location it's fair share of chances. I have tried sticking up for it's many short comings in response to my husband's chagrin every time I suggest we stop by over the weekend. It is, after all, the closest Starbucks to our house and it seems silly to go out of our way for something so simple as coffee and a muffin. But I am done. I have a higher tolerance and greater patience threshold than your average customer, and it's been an entire year of coming here for my to issue a final evaluation. My thorough and articulate assessment in the end is...this place blows.Amidst the many grievances I could cite, the one that bothers me most is that they seem to prioritize the drive-thru line over the in-store patrons with 3-4 people bumping into each other scrambling to fulfill orders. Meanwhile, there is one person at the register inside and one person at the espresso machine - regardless of the length of the line at the counter. While other locations seem to mirror this staffing allocation, this place for some reason cannot figure it out. This weekend, we placed our drink order, got our food (from the whole 3 breakfast options left) and waited another 10 minutes before asking whether our coffee was coming. The associate at the register then eloquently yelled to the drive-thru folks "Guys! I have drinks waiting here!" Oh good - so no one noticed the line of cups accumulating. That about captures this store in a nutshell.While I despise reviews that account for one bad experience, this one was just the straw the broke the camel's back. That poor, un-caffeinated, drowsy camel who was just waiting for a cup of joe.
2	This place is between work and home so I've gone there quite a bit.  Usually, I frequent the drive through.  Last couple of times they gave me a messy cup that spilled all over my shirt.  Fortunately both times I was on the way home.  Also, every time I order a caramel/hazelnut macchiato it has like one drop of syrup..wtf am I paying for?  Also, it always seems like their coffee is hella burnt.  Think I'll stick to the one by my house that doesn't have a drive through but gives me a decent amount of syrup and a cup that won't spill all over me.  Or, not to mention Dutch Bros--although their service is always mega obnoxious.
2	I usually go to this Starbucks since it's in my neighborhood and it's overall mediocre. the employees are usually nice but recently I've felt bitterness from most of the employees. must be a new staff or something. I went this morning to get a pumpkin spice latte and noticed it felt kind of light and opened my lid to see this. lovely!!
