4	Located a few blocks from the Berri-Uquam metro, St. Bock is easily accessable. They have approximately 8 of their own beers on tap, which can be purchased by the pint, glass or taster ($6.50/5.50/1.75). The brown and the porter were our favorites and were good examples of each style. The Scotch ale tasted a bit off. We did not try the food. It is mostly typical pub grub. Nice mellow vibe overall. Definitely seems to attract an over 30 crowd.
3	Mostly an expensive beer bar, with a massive selection to choose from.  The prices are high, but the location is convenient, the crowd is nice, and there is a large selection.  I thought that they accepted credit cards, but our waitress told us it was cash only, and you have to pay as you go.  This can make the entire drinking experience stressful instead of just relaxing and drinking up a larger tab.The main reason I came here.. In search of framboise.  I was only able to find one bottle of chilled Peche, and I drank that and left.  However, for more of the beer-lover clientele, this place would be heaven.
5	Wonderful beers with a varied selection (19 on tap when I stopped in).  Nice patio seating if the weather's nice - and World Cup on the numerous tvs.  Didn't try the food - but what I saw being served looked pretty good.Update:  stopped in again to catch the World Cup and have lunch.  The menu has a good selection of what you'd expect from a bar.  The burger I ordered was quite good and came with a side of fries and a salad.  Ran a tab and paid with a credit card with no problem - not sure why the other reviewer had trouble.  Also, all the beers are cheaper before 7 - and they serve pitchers of most beers.
5	Le Saint Bock, where have you been all my life?  This bar is fantastic!  It is a Belgian beer drinker's paradise.  They have quite an extensive bottled beer collection from around the world and 20 beers on tap.  The on-tap beers are a combination of their own brews and other local brews.  We tackled the 20 beer sampler and it was well worth it!  Most of the beers were Belgian style, but there were also some IPAs and Stouts.  Everything was delicious.  Also, they have quite an impressive collection of glassware.  (An additional note:  Not everything on their bottle list was in stock.)The decor and atmosphere are very chic as well and the bar chairs are quite cozy.  As is the case with many bars in Montreal, the bar tenders are pretty hands off until you ask for their assistance, but they are genuinely helpful and friendly.  This is a bar that every beer drinker must visit if you are in the area.
2	It gets the 2nd star because this place is a beer hall and I didn't go for the brews.I was starving.  The food was bland, took forever, and the waitress was absolutely hopeless.  She was hot, so she probably is one of those who assumes she doesn't have to put effort in.  She brought my drink refill I asked for when I got my meal... AFTER she brought the check.I got a chicken sandwich which sounded great on the menu.The menu probably would have tasted better.Horrible.
1	Beer & food selection was great, lots of choices but possibly THE WORST SERVICE I have ever received. The waitress was extremely rude and unhelpful. She knocked down my purse from my seat, looked at it and walked away - no apologies. I asked her for water two different times and all she did was grunt at me and never brought me my water. We had to go to the bar to ask for the bill since she forgot about the customers on the terrace. We asked her for the bill - looked at us and no response, she went away for a couple minutes, came back eating chips from the kitchen. She gave us the wrong bill, asked for the correct one and she GRABBED it from my hand and stormed off - again NO APOLOGIES. We don't know what her problem was because we were completely polite the entire time despite her sh*tty attitude. Worst waitress ever. I tried to look for her after to let her know how sh*tty of a person she was but alas, she was probably off in the back ignoring more customers. I would re-name this place Le Sh*t Bock. The only reason why I'm giving them a star is because I made a complaint to their head office and someone actually got back to me to apologize.
4	Great beer menu.. hundreds of different bottles from around the world!
4	This was a nice little pub, that served up some great Nachos; Also, they have a great Beer selection.
5	First off anyone who knows me, knows I like a good pint of beer or 3, I even get specialty beers for my B-Day and Christmas.  Well the Saint Bock is going to have me working for a few years trying to get through their massive menu of specialty beers.  Alot of them are Belgium, but hell the Belgiums do great beer, my favorite of the night was a French beer called "page 24" If memory serves me right it came in a blond, amber and possibly a dark.... but I only had 2.  At 10.00 a bottle it's not cheap, but you get what you pay for.As for the staff, awesome.  I felt like we had a wine sommelier, but for beer.  He made great suggestions based on what we liked in terms of day to day beers.  The food was pub food but very good and well priced.  The ambiance was great, and the music was not too loud.  It often bugs me when you go somewhere with a group of friends and we all have to shout in each others ears because the bar has the music cranked up.all in all a big thumbs up...
4	Le Saint Bock has over 19 drafts on their white chalk board... what to drink?? I can't think properly when I am too excited, faced with too many choices: local Quebec beers from various microbreweries. I ended up just ordering by numbers... lucky number 17 and 19 at $4.13 each.The low armchairs are quite comfy... and music quite loud... I can only see my friend's mouth moving but cannot hear a thing.....it is quite dark inside too and everyone looks good?! Maybe just a little too much to drink?Waitress is super nice and ask if we need separate checks for our beers??
5	Wandering around Quartier Latin, this is the ONLY bar I was even interested in going inside of. What a great beer selection! We ordered dinner at 1AM and the food was great. My brie veggie sandwich came with salad and fries, and their Saint Bock Porter was awesome! This is literally how I felt when I walked through the Latin Quarter: Punk BarStrip ClubDouch bag BarSports BarThank GOD for St. Bock and it's down to earth crowd, friendly waitresses who didn't mind my butchered french, early 30s crowd that was having a good time but not sloppy, and late night kitchen, and excellent beer selection. St. Bock saved my night.
1	Unfortunately ended up here again, but luckily it was only for a drink but even that was not without some aggravation. Really rude and slow service. Music was incredibly loud. And why is that all the employees just like to stand around the cash register doing nothing while customers are made to wait forever, and ever and ever for one drink??Le Sh*t Bock, you done did it again.
1	This place is awful.  Terrible.  Bad food and slow service.  Beer was good.  Just terrible bleak service
5	A great choice of excellent beers, many made right here. We ate a beer caramelized hamburger that was delicious. Free Wi Fi, 2 screens where we watched the Olympics. Good music, good service. A great address!
3	In a state of quasi-culture shock, we settled into a patio table and watch the crowds fly. Hookers and strippers at the gentlemen's club nearby, university protesters, and dog-tethered burnouts smoking copious pot on the streets. What better environment to order a few half-pints off the chalkboard and carouse through Quebec's better draft offerings? Our waitress was the perfect nighttime patio-sitting attendant, keen and correct, but never pushy. The beers were always right, came at the right temp in tulips, and had a fair price on them (for Canada). I could have done without all the smoking, but this is Canada and apparently smoking is still cool here. Great selection.A later visit for a cider found us stuck indoors with some really slow service, despite the fact that the only action was outdoors. Had trouble getting service and were really hot inside.
3	Beer - 4 to 5 stars.  Good range and strong selections.Atmosphere - loud and young.  We sat just between the indoor and outdoor sections.Food - only had the nachos but they were the worst I've had outside a movie theater. A minimal drizzle of cheese and a few peppers - dry and tasteless..
4	Le Saint Bock  sits humbly on the street, unassuming amidst its surroundings.  It's beer selection is note worthy, the house taps are amazing. A solid Black IPA, a great Rye IPA. Drinkable, clean, and well formed. It's Witte is noteworthy, as it isn't drowned in Coriander like so many of its brethren.Solid pub food, enjoyable when having an afternoon out.Friendly prompt service adds to the ambience here.  It does seem to attract a louder crowd on nights and weekends, but that is much to be expected. During a Sunday Afternoon it tended to be about what one expects of a beer crowd. Also, a wall full of Trappiste, and other craft bottles adds a very nice flair to the establishment. I'll certainly be returning.
5	I come to bars that are named after beer types or play puns on booze for one thing only - beer. The more the merrier. As said by other reviewers, Saint Bock is easy to walk by because neither its entrance nor its street front are flashy in any way, shape or form. You'd be missing out.Le Saint Bock satisfies me wonderfully, with their wide selection of microbrews enticing you through entertaining names and descriptions in languages that sound exotic to most non-snobs. Never having had any of their food, I wouldn't be able to comment. I had the chance to regret not having any. If you're at Saint Bock at 7-ish, stay there and eat: the decent eateries  around the area have line-ups stretching half a block until well past 8pm.Cheers. Or shall I say Prost?
1	We made a special trek out here for Montreal's supposed best brew pup, only to be told: children not allowed. Maybe it's a cultural difference, since in my hometown (Philly) the slow, 5-6pm hours are when urban parents like me bring our well-managed kids with us to brewpubs to enjoy a pint and a meal with friends. It's pretty shocking to be told you aren't welcome in an establishment.
4	20 different kinds of craft brewed beer on tap - need I say more? Le Saint Bock is a great choice for a night out with friends and one of the best options in le quartier latin. The ambience is dark and cozy, the music hip and the beer is plentiful. Food is your standard pub-fare so it is hard to go too wrong.If you are solo or a duo, grab a spot at the bar if you can. One of my favourite rainy day activities is to sit here and sample several of the delicious brews on offer.
5	One thing I noticed about all of the establishments in montreal is that in general they are woefully understaffed. So let me open with the disclaimer that we came in when the place was first opening up and by the time we left the place had filled up and the service had slowed down.That being said, the service overall was still very friendly, knowledgeable, and efficient enough.What everyone says about the beers are true - they have 20+ really unique interesting brews on tap, several of them their own bock brand. The server helped us pick out a few and all were excellent and fairly priced (especially considering the quality).I found the food offered here to be simple, but really well done  - we ordered a baked Brie with sun dried tomato pesto that was to die for (doesn't sound simple but baked Brie seems to be a common menu item) and I had a really tasty chicken and goat cheese sandwich. Both the fries and the garden salad that accompanied it were also pretty good.Overall we had a fantastic lunch here - great beer, food, and service.
4	I'm not a big beer drinker- or as they say in Montreal, biere- but when I come to a place like this, I say "when in Rome" (or in this case, Montreal).Anyway, overwhelmingly impressive selection of beers on tap and in bottles, many of which I've never heard of before.  Staff are very friendly, and the bar itself is cozy and cute, offering tables, barstools and couches as seating options.Admittedly, my French is nowhere near good enough to understand what was on the menu, and I was too embarrassed to ask.  So we went with the one menu item we recognized- Pizza.  It wasn't great, but we were hungry and it went well with the beer.  I had the Purgatoire IPA for the first, and then moved to the Double Nelson.  That one was so delicious that I mentioned to the server how much I liked it.  It turned out to be one of his favorites as well, as he smiled and responded, "it's pretty interesting,eh?"Oh, Canada.
4	Of the three stops on our Montreal Brewpub Experience tour, this spot in the Latin Quarter was my favorite.  They have draft offerings from local breweries and some unique selections, such as a smoky porter, for us to try.  They also served up fabulous brie in a maple sauce with candied walnuts.  Be sure to look up and check out the interesting lighting fixtures, and peruse the beer "wall of fame".
2	We came in for the beers - and yes they have a nice list of brews... But the staff doesn't know their blonds to their darks and well when you're in a brewpub that's really not a good point. The seating is really uncomfortable as they tried to put as many tables and seats in as little space possible so don't even think about stretching your legs without hitting a few people in the process. The music was really loud but I guess that's what they call "young and urban atmosphere" (I suppose I'm getting old!). We ended up eating and that was not a good idea... The food was just re-heated frozen anything, the fried were totally undercooked, the burgers tasteless and chewy, the sauce had been siting there too long and well the whole thing was just not good. Really if you're looking for nice beers, nice foods, nice staff and nice atmosphere... go somewhere else!
4	First Impression: Being from New York and a frequent patron to my New York pubs I was excited to visit my first Montreal BrewPub on my first night on Holiday in Montreal. I walked in and enjoyed the vibe as I witnessed many patrons on by the bar stools, lounge areas and seating areas. I also noticed an out door patio that wasn't being used. The establishment was showing the game on their multiple television screens and broadcast the sound as well. I overall enjoyed the vibe. The host sat us to a table and we were greeted by a waitress in about 3 minutes. Food and Drink: The establishment offers a wide variety of blonds, reds and darks. I ordered a red and was not disappointed with my choice. For my meal I ordered the Duck Burger which was served with fries and green salad. The burger was cooked to my liking and tasted of good quality. I was not disappointed with my order. The duck meat was very tender and the bread it was served on was fresh and soft. The fries were tasty as well, it did not have to much salt, and I enjoyed dipping them in the mayonnaise sauce that came with the plate. The portion was big and very satisfying. Service: The waitress was attentive and very professional. She took her time to translate certain menu items and explain portion size and variety of options. She also asked us what kind of beers we usually like and made great suggestions for our drink choice. Pros: The food quality and portions are worth the price. Cons: I did not note any particular cons on my visit.Overall: I would re-visit this brew pub. The quality of the food is great and it taste delicious. Come early if you are looking to sit down and eat as this place does seem to get crowded after 10 and you may have to wait for seating. This place is easily 3 stars. The 4th star was giving because the duck burger was cooked perfect to my preference. The beer choice ranges and tasting my friends selections as well I was happy with the offerings. Overall impressed but not completely blown away as of yet!
4	Was here during the Mondiale and they had a randall evening.  Despite the place being packed to the gills, the service was very good. They are super heroes.  The beers were also great.  Didn't try the food.  I'll definitely go back.
4	Love this brew pub. We enjoy trying all of their beer. Sat outside on the patio yesterday-absolutely delightful. Also, had the nachos which may have been the best we ever had. Do not pass up this gem.
3	Ah so here is a place I would like to give an extra half star, but oh well. I have mixed feeling about St-Bock. On one hand the beer is good enough for the price, and is worth checking out. Overall, I find that some of their beers are lacking in the mouth feel, but I do prefer dense beer. So, you can take that with a grain of salt on my personal preferences. Although the other night, I got a delicious sour matcha beer here so... On the other hand the place is too busy for the staff to handle in a timely manner. Had a server with a poor attitude here as well, but some of them are friendly. If it is busy don't bother going inside as the ventilation is poor, and the place quickly turns into a sauna of everyone's sweat and body heat in the summer.
4	Brew pubs are starting to grow on me more and more.  I was never the biggest beer drinker but as I slowly check out more places like Le Saint Bock I start to change my mind.  They have a very good selection of beers.  I went with a hibiscus beer which was ideal for a summer day.  It is a tad on the expensive side and you're not saving much if you opt for a glass instead of pint.  I also had a cider which was thoroughly enjoyable.Foodwise you can expect your typical bar food (burgers, nachos, pizzas).  I opted for a classic bacon cheeseburger which was huge and the meat was very juicy.  The fries too were seasoned and crispy.  Prices for food are in line with what you get as the portion was quite reasonable.  The service was a bit on the slow side.  It took time just to get our drinks which was a little frustrating however I did like it here.  They have a terrasse which is right on Saint Denis and a wonderful spot to people watch in summer time although it does fill up quickly.  Food and drink were also winners.
3	Just as most of the reviews have mentioned, I also have mixed feelings for this place. Plus I'm not a big fan of beer so maybe this review is even irrelevant. Oh well. Me and my boyfriend stayed at the hotel that was two stores down (well over the strip club...) so we decided to stop here for a couple of drinks. The patio looked promising, but full so we opted for an inside seat. Sooo we found out it's not really a place for couples .. Or talking inside. It's quite loud, but hey it's a pub right? It's supposed to be loud. The service is a bit slow, even though our server was really nice. The drinks are definitely worth the price (~$6.50 for a Caesar, $7 for a pint) but it's hard to keep a conversation and the atmosphere inside the pub isn't too great. I think it would be a place to stop by again if the patio was open and we would just want a quick drink, but you're really not missing anything here.
2	Great atmosphere and outdoor seating. Great selection of beers but be prepared for no service. We waited with no one offering is menus. People around is were waiting to pay but no service still. Trust me were not impatient but this was bad.
2	Cool selection of drinks and the shooters/shots menu has some great options, but terrible service. Asked for water twice before getting it, and once we got our drinks I didn't see our waitress for over half an hour.Also, place is kind of dirty. There was a bug floating in my boyfriends drink and the wall area we were seated next to was really dusty. Yummy drinks but I won't be back. Ps. I'm writing this review while waiting for the check from our waitress but she hasn't even looked in our direction for more than 45 minutes!
4	This place has tons of beers on tap.  This is one of the places I wish I was able to explore the beer menu more.  I only managed to try 2 of their dark brews (Malediction and Sabbath).  Both good, but just nothing that would be on the top of my lists.  Appetizers here are delicious.  Had a warm brie with maple and pecans.  The bread it was served with was amazing, super soft and fresh.  I gotta learn how to make this.
5	Good Beer and bacon and cheese popcorn our bartender is great our bartender Vincent is fabulous so friendly and funny and very informative about the beer selection love this place to bad we have to fly home to Vancouver today wish we had discovered it a few days ago
4	I've been back a a few times lately, and have decided to give them a boost. The service has improved, which is a big plus in my book. They've also featured some pretty cool specialty beers this fall. Worth checking out.
5	The first time I came here, a waiter gave me a beer menu book that was as heavy as  Tolstoy's "Anna Karenina". As I was flipping the pages, I could feel pressure going into my eyes because I could not recognize many beer names. Eventually, I ordered Kwak :) in a special glass, and then worked my way down the list. Their beer and liquor  selection is very extensive and good. If you are beer connoisseur then this place is just for you.Their bar food is good too, I've tried chicken wings, and other snack with pleasurable  satisfaction. I scrolled down on people reviews and observe that many folks complained about the service, but it solely depends on how busy this place is. On weekends they have so many people that waiters could not serve everyone simultaneously. Y'all have to chill out with these complains. This place is large to fit many guests so it is understandable that service would take some time.
5	Wandered in here randomly on a Monday afternoon for a few drinks - had a huge selections of beer to choose from and excellent service! And on Mondays, we learned bottled beers are 25percent off!!
