5	This is an up and coming Middle Eastern bakery that hasn't lost its touch just yet, hopefully it never will! Every single restaurant that has attempted to run in that particular location has always shut down, but so far... this one has stuck around the longest and seems to be gaining popularity. It has definitely won me over.The interior is quite large, spacious, and looks great - making it worth it to sit and eat there too. Al-Baghdadi has a beautiful brick oven and you get to see them do everything from scratch, from the making of the dough until it is ready to be served! They have a variety of options, add-ons, and desserts to satisfy your palate, and the staff are welcoming, funny, and will always recognize you.Perhaps a part of me expects more because I, myself, am Arab, but I think I just appreciate and expect tradition and quality more than anything. It's hard to find an Arabic restaurant that gets everything down right, and I have never been disappointed in all my visits here. I definitely recommend it over Al-Taib, hands down.
4	"Made-to-order" is what we like about Al-Baghdadi.  The baker will roll out the dough on demand, add the toppings then slide it in their clay oven, as opposed to the neighboring Al-Taib and Arouch, where everything is prepared ahead of time and merely heated through on order.We recommend Al-Baghdadi as a quick-bite or take-out option, provided you're willing to wait for the longer preparation time.  The upstairs sitting area is a little drab and the service can use some improvement, so we normally wouldn't sit for an extended period of time unless we were craving some shisha and mint tea.
5	Super  Arabic- style chicken pizza, as well as others, served fresh out of the wood burning oven. Piping hot,lovely crisp crust,tender chunks of roasted chicken,and not at all salty. I had a side platter of tabouli which paired beautifully with the pizza. I decided to hell with the calories and to just live a little, and ordered a good slice of cream-filled pastry,freshly made, for dessert, with a cup of tea to wash it down,and it was excellent. The restauarant is divided into 2 sections, the front preoccupies itself with  lunch/dinner items, and has only 4 tables, the large back section, is Mid-Eastern  pastries galore, but you  can order and sit where you like. There is also an upstairs, with waiter/ress service. Glad I came here instead of that "other" place,wish I'd only made the trip here sooner, will definitely be back!
5	excellent kunafa, baklava and other treats. Special Turkish coffee. And service with a smile. Can't wait to come back again!
5	After attempting to eat at Qing Hua just down the road and rudley told no close to closing time we stopped here and wow what a great find. I am not sure if we ever did this but we started with dessert. It blew our minds away how good it was!! WTF they put in there. I never had anything close to this but on the island of crete. then the food came which was all excellent. We tried as much as we can or the body can. I will be back and Qing Hua lost us as a customer...,.avoid very rude but good food.
5	Very nice place! I read about this place on yelp and found some good reviews about it. So I though I would try it. The place is really nice. They have freshly baked pizzas with bread baked right there in their oven. They have a section for pastries! Really delicious and fresh ones. They have a place to sit (on the upper level) specially for smoking shisha, but fortunately it is not too crowded nor it is full of smoke. I do not smoke shisha but like the smell as long as the environment is not full of smoke. I really enjoyed this place. You should give it a try.I ordered a turkish coffee here. Really liked the taste. It was different and after asking the owner he said it is a blend of different coffees plus a touch of cardamom. I really loved it.
5	Place is nice Owner is a good guy Amazing Lahm b'ajeen Great pastry I'd come again if I ever went back to Montreal
4	Al Baghdadi has perfected the mana'eesh like no other in Montreal.. It's done perfectly in brick fire .. Love this place for weekend brunches and late night hunger strikes .. Satisfying every time.. And luckily .. I live half a block from it..
3	There is plenty of seating..and we were starving but the food took over an hour to come. Even though it was the middle of the day and the restaurant was otherwise empty.  However the food was delicious and fresh and hot. But not sure if I can sit through a wait like that again..brutal
5	This place has awesome desserts and awesome "pizzas". We loved the food and have been back couple of times. A great place for a snack or a meal. I absolutely recommend it. P.s. Their special tea is pretty yummy too. I generally ask for a bit of honey on the side to sweeten it.
4	Cheap, freshly baked yumminess a hop away from Concordia! The "pizzas" are very well priced...basically you can make your own toppings. I had a pizza with spiced ground meat, cheese, onions, some veggies...We also tried a chicken topped one which was very tasty. My only issue was that the spicy meat was not spicy at all and pretty "meh". The winner here is the crust that they bake on demand when you order. There is a small wait due to this, but nothing atrocious. Employees were very nice. We were the only girls in there haha. Seems to be frequented by younger Arab men. The sweets we tried (baklava and some other pistachio ones) were not the best. Shisha is available as well upstairs. Cheap eats!
5	What the hell with this place?  I mean could it be true?  I sure as hell am not in the middle of a the dessert experiencing a mirage!  This is frankly a place with a whole bunch dudes running around making GREAT pastries and my favorite Middle-Eastern desserts.  I swooned!  Granted, they didn't have Katayef but I will get over it because I ordered the Osmalieh bel Ashta and it was astronomically delicious; I didn't even pour the sugar syrup on.  There was no need to.  Also ordered the Soujok wrap which was good but didn't knock my socks off like the dessert but then again, anything with ashta steals my heart.  I want to lay in it!  Don't miss out on this place.  Not the warmest but by far one of the best dessert spots.
5	This place was a relief to me and my wife, we missed Iraqi restaurant since we moved from Dubai to Canada, perfect taste and very original. We tried more than 10 different items. Dont miss Kanafa, Falafal and Zatar and cheese.
5	Good foodGood shishaGood sweetsssSince the dough is made fresh and baked traditionally it tastes fresh and healthyThe service could be improved though but i did not mind!
5	I really love the food here. Cheap, fresh, and delicious. Order a Zataar and cheese all dressed, or the egg and cheese. Desserts are also super amazing. This place is the real deal, and the food is awesome. I even like their fruit cocktail drink, which is like a guava and assorted fruits smoothie. Amazing!
3	My friends and I decided to go this place after seeing an ad posted in my apartment. We were in the mood for a quick session with a hookah and some good food.When we first arrived, we were greeted by a friendly man behind the counter who would be making our meals in the large brick oven located behind him. My friends decided to try the manakeesh (Not sure I wrote that properly) and I opted for a falafel. These were both amazing. The fresh baked bread really does make a huge difference. To be completely honest, if this review was based solely on the food then it would gotten an extra star.The service seemed a bit unorganized at times, but the food definitely made up for it. We arrived at a not so busy time, but I could see how the wait time could add up when each baked bread needs to be made fresh for each individual person. Good food takes time though.The hookah area upstairs had a pretty standard vibe to it. Very quiet and relaxing area to enjoy your shisha. Again, service seemed very unorganized upstairs which takes away from the experience considering it was our first time.Overall, I would definitely go back with some friends. Great place to relax before a night out.
4	Honestly, great place!I usually order always the same things manakish and iraqi stuffed bread. I also sometimes take some baklavas.Service is always nice and the guys smiling. It can be a little longer sometimes but this is how it gets when your food is made for you on the spot.Overall good food, average price and good service!PS. They also have a seating area upstairs when they serve argileh/shisha but never tried it there.
5	I've been there for several times. Every time, the service was fantastic, they are truly polite and friendly and they help you to choose the thing that you really want. Even when you don't have any idea about the food, they describe it in an understandable way. Shisha is a good part and don't miss the sweets which you never forget their tastes.
4	The wrap I got was superb--the bread/wrap was baked on-order, and the half-spinach half-cheese base cooked into the bread thereafter.  Stuffed with olives and tomato (you get to choose), tasted great, and cost close to $5.I got 6 baklava to go (one of each flavor available) for $5--really all good, and so many other sweets to try--I would if I could!Only downside was that the service was uneven.  The restaurant was quiet for early lunch; I got my wrap ordered and cooked immediately.  Nobody was servicing pastries, and I had to wait a while for that.  I wasn't in a rush, so it was OK, but ... not very organized service.As an added bonus, however, because of the slow service, the waiter insisted that I receive my baklava "on the house".  The food was too good for me to accept, so I wound up tipping extra to make up for the difference.
5	I write all my reviews based on a student budget:Got the nutella and chicken pizzas for about $8 total for two people, absolutely delicious! I would say it's a light dinner if you have 1 or 1.5 of them (which I did). Told the manager I combined a nutella and chicken slice and it was scrumptious, he didn't respond too kindly (but multiple friends have done the same so maybe the world just isn't ready), other than that he and the staff were very hospitable and welcoming. I'll be going back soon.
4	Great falafel and soujook. Unfortunately, baba ghanoush never seems to be available.
