4	Came here to get quarters for the parking meter, but felt guilty asking for change so we decided to purchase something. The man behind the counter was SO nice, and when I started asking questions about what everything was, he very patiently explained it all to me. Zam Zam water is holy water, didja know that? You can buy it here if you want! They also have quite possibly the BEST baklava I have ever had: hazelnut, drizzled in chocolate, perfectly made. LOVED it. I am going to see if they can ship it to me, I have never had baklava that delicious and now that I have I don't think I can live without it. YUMMMMM!
5	Great prices!  Great food!I buy certain things here that are hard to find elsewhere.  Here is my typical grocery list:1 lb. hommos - $4.991 lb. kalamata olives - $4.991 lb. feta cheese - $3.991 bag greek style pita bread (fluffy) - $3.291 lb. dates - 4.991 pkg dried figs - $5.99bulk spices - $2 - $4 per 4 oz bag (4 oz is a lot of spice!)While I'm there I will usually get a dessert to go or a slice of pizza.  Their Gyro sandwich is great too!Love this place!
5	Quick, quality, inexpensive take-out. What's not to love?
4	A light perfume of cardamom and other sweet spices, a vast selection of international sweets, spices and foods, PLUS, most importantly to me on my visit on the hottest day of Spring 2013, liters of cold water made this a place worth entering.  I left with water, a half pound of cashews, another half pound of Turkish coffee, date filled cookies and a nicely crafted small necklace for Sweet D. Great, friendly service.  A good stop.  The Phoenicia Cafe and a men's room were adjacent.  Next trip I'll try the Phoenicia and report.
1	Need to buy goat meat?I am keep buying from this place for  a year as they have nice goat meat. But the customer service sucks, they refused to choose you buy what you want. You need to take what they offer. Don't even go near to that place on friday, they refuse to serve you as they are busy with the restaurant. The manner they deal with the customers and blank out response they give sucks. It looks like he is doing a favor to me by selling meat at his store.
