3	Initially was not happy with overall customer experience but after reading my yelp review the owner did go out of his way to make sure that I was satisfied.
5	I was looking to create some custom signs for my themed birthday party and turned to FASTSIGNS because it is located just a few blocks from my house. I was really glad I ended up choosing them because my experience was really great. To start with, when I emailed the online quote request, I got a prompt - and very thorough - response from Jeff. Unlike some businesses that respond to quote requests with a zillion other questions, Jeff took a stab right away at specs/materials and an estimate. This made me so much more likely to engage and really saved me a lot of back-and-forth (which I just don't have time to do during the work week). When I picked up the signs, they were great quality and the work was as I pictured it. I also thought the prices were reasonable for custom signs. Overall, I was very happy with my FASTSIGNS experience and would definitely go back for any future sign needs!
5	We use Fast Signs for the vinyl lettering on our service vans. Good prices and the colors hold up great in the AZ sun.
3	First things first, they did a great job printing my sign. Quality was great, they even changed the background color for me just as I had asked. They followed up our emails with a rendering of the final product before printing. This was great.However, there were two issues that caused me to drop their ratings. When I ask a week in advance what day I have to get you the product to have it available for pick up first thing Monday morning and you tell me Thursday. I expect it will be done and ready first thing Monday morning. I got him the graphics with plenty of time just as he had said. Once I got no response as of Friday evening I got concerned. My calls and emails must have just been ignored over the weekend until 8:30am Monday morning when we have someone on the way to hopefully pick up the sign. Finally I get a hold of him to find out the sign will be printed at 10am and ready by 11:30 for pick up. This is by no means first thing in the morning. Could have been a major issue for me, luckily it was just a waste of time and man hours.
