3	I started going to this place before they moved, when they were located about a mile or two from my house at Buffalo and Alta.  They've since moved to a bigger location, and merged (I believe) with their east-side location on Maryland Parkway.  I followed them because I'm a creature of habit, and I did like my hair stylist.  My stylist got sick of the unprofessional attitude of the entire salon and left, and I followed her to her new salon.Curl Up N Dye is a fun place, where you don't feel like you've got your nose in the air going to a salon.  It's very punk rock... lots of piercings and tattoos on the girls.  But after they screwed up my appointment a couple times, I'll admit I won't miss 'em.  Nor will I miss hearing about the stylist's personal sex life that she was loudly talking about on the phone the last time I got a haircut there.
3	Great punI ran across this place a few years ago when looking for a haircut in Las Vegas. I had been on a long road trip from the East Coast and was due for a trim before going out on the town. On occasion, the name still gives me a smile.
5	What Can I say about Curl Up N Dye?? Davyo is the best, and although he trys to portray this hard, guy he has the softest underbelly ever. The staff are great and have very unique personalities, they do amazing hair too. I think that I would move to Las Vegas just because of this salon, I got extensions from the man who is Davyo and several up dos, I love everything and cant wait to go back. Love you guys Besos
5	I had a great experience with this salon!  I called on a Monday afternoon to see if I could make an appointment for the same day, since the stylist at a different salon I had booked for that morning had completely flaked on her appointment with me.  My stylist Dominique was very fun to work with and really knew her stuff.  I wanted bright green dye, which can be kind of hard to track down.  I think this place may be one of the best to go to if you are looking for something out of the ordinary.  They had two lines of hair dye to choose from-- Special FX or Pravana.  The whole experience was fun, quick, and easy, and ultimately: I'm thrilled with how my hair turned out.  I will definitely be back.
3	God punish the liars that say they can cut curly hair. May they go to hairdressing hell where they are forced to cut the hair of gorillas for the rest of their lives. Fuck. I'm sure the girls here are perfect for cutting straight hair, punk hair, whatever you non-curly hair people want. The price is right and the girls are friendly. They are super funny. And you don't feel like you're in a haughty salon in Bev Hills. But they aren't the best at cutting curly hair. Just like everyone else. Necessary tips for future curly girls: 1. If it's poofy when they hair dry it, they did it wrong. They will likely also do something else wrong...like cut it. 2.  If they defend other stylists you mention who have fucked up your hair before, and say maybe you did something, you should leave. They don't understand that curly hair is different, it is easy to fuck up, and it shouldn't be defended. 3. If they use a flat brush instead of a round brush to blow dry it...wrong. 4. If they cut it straight across...wrong. 5. If they tell you they don't like or don't have curly hair either...wrong!Thanks for trying girls. It was a good shot.
5	I started going here about three years ago when my hair was a bleached and damaged disaster!  I was set up with Demara who recommended we lay off the bleach for a while to give my hair a rest.  She suggested going more toward my natural color with some highlights.  I was really skeptical because I'd been looking for a competent colorist for a really long time after my regular stylist left the state.  Demara is amazing with color and the cuts she gives are fantastic!  The shampoos are divine and she does a mean blow dry!  Three years later, my hair is super healthy and very long (which I never thought would be possible).  She is highly recommended.  Also, the salon itself is super casual and all the girls are real friendly.  I also like the decor.  It's nice not to be in a stark white box while getting my hair did!
5	I think I found a new place to get my hair done!First of all...I only had it dyed I didn't get it cut.  I had it dyed bleach blonde.  Keep in mind I have dark dark black hair that is thick and corse...(and I have a lot of hair).  I had already dyed my hair at another place...and it ended up somewhat orange and was told I could never get it as light as I wanted.Now they did warn me that bleaching my hair might not get the results I want but they were going to try.  I got Ashley and she is the greatest.  She double checked with other people to make sure she was doing my hair correctly and to see if we could redye(bleach) the roots and to get the orange out of my hair from the first job.  It had only been about 2 months from my prior bleach job.She checked my hair to make sure it wasn't too damanged to continue to bleach it, she also quoted me before getting this all done (I had not even ask) to make sure it's okay with me to continue.  I thought that was an added bonus.The whole thing took 3 1/2 hours to do...((medium to long length hair...$130)) they bleached the roots to make it light and then bleached the rest of my hair to make it even and then tone it to get rid of the orange due to prior dyes in my hair.  Overall I would say the experience was great.  She would also ask me how my scalp was doing and everything :)The atmosphere was also nice...unique..I like the signs on the wall as you get your hair shampooed as well.  I will be coming back here.   If you like extreme colors and hair done...I suggest going here...:)  I enjoyed it.
5	I have lived in L.A. for 11 years and have yet to find a good hairstylist (that is also affordable). My brother got married in 2007 and the girls went to get their hair done at Curl Up N Dye. Since then, I make sure to stop by every time I'm in Vegas if I have a chance. My most recent visit was this past Saturday and I sat with Amanda. I gave her a very vague description of what I wanted and, when I left the salon, I felt like a whole new woman! She even stopped part way through to ask me if she had done what I wanted and made the adjustments I asked for. I got more than six inches cut off and she actually listened to me when I told her that I don't like to do ANYTHING with my hair - she gave me a cut perfect for wash n wear! My Mom sat with Jennifer and she also did an amazing job - even catching an issue AFTER my Mom was out of the chair and bringing her back for a touch up. The girls at the salon are great and friendly and not pretentious at all. It's a great time every time I go. Letty is our usual girl - and she has also done really great things with my hair.
5	Rachel cut & highlighted my hair and it is perfect!!! Go ask for her!!! She has this sexy voice and she'll make you feel like you belong there without that awkward "Soooo" conversation.  I really had no idea what I wanted - when I told her I changed my mind about what I had said before when I made the appointment it wasn't a big deal, even though it took a lot longer to process.The ladies are awesome, the place is fun  - like they're all a big loud dysfunctional family that's invited you over to sit with them for a while. The thought of going to a salon frightens me - I always feel like I have to wash my hair first and wear presentable clothes and be awkwardly quiet. This place has a purple glitter floor and you can say whatever you want, as loud as you want, and Rachel does bitchin hair. Can't wait to go back for Cher to do my nails!!!!
2	I wish I could give this salon a positive review. Davy-o, the owner, is a very nice guy and was beyond accommodating during the time he spent doing my hair. He was super cool and puffed cigs and chatted me up while putting in my extensions. Thing is, you don't go to hair salons to hang out with your homies. Duh. The thing is, Davy-o uses low-grade, loose hair for his keratin bonds, instead of using pre-tipped hair. What does that mean on the "user-end"? It means that your ratty extensions will almost completely disintegrate over the next month and you'll have to pay someone else who actually knows what they're doing to replace them. He also trims the hair before attaching it, in effort to make neat little bundles to dip in the keratin glue. This means if you bought 18 inches of hair, you'll end up with 16. The final result was much thinner and shorter than I'd expected. I was so disappointed, I went and cried in the bathroom for a minute, before paying and going on my way. I'm getting them removed asap and will not be back to this salon.
5	I've been going to Rachel Glazier for about a year now for my cuts.  She is a fantastic listener, and will give you what you want, not what SHE thinks you should have.  A few months ago I took in a diagram of a vintage haircut called a "middy".  She was like, "WTF is this, Evelyn?"  and then she did it.  And it was gorgeous.  As for the salon as a whole, it's full of loud, sassy women and good music.  It's very casual, and they definitely don't stand on ceremony.  If you're sensitive to cursing, or just don't care for stylists with bright purple hair and a naughty picture or joke on the wall, this probably isn't the place for you.  But it's fun-times and lollipops for the likes of me!  (Except they've yet to give me a lollipop.)
4	Davio is god... Too bad my hair is long and i no longer need extensions... But i will recommend him to anyone. Very affordable price and perfect finish. Let him work his magic on you!
4	If your looking for a new hair style I recommend curl up and dye. Staff is great very creative and open to all
4	Nicole is my girl. I walked in on a whim because they are close to my office. I was suffering from a bad haircut and was in desperate need of some hair attention. Nicole chopped off my mane exactly how I wanted it, and guided me to an excellent color for my sassy side. I'll be going back to her for my touch ups and shape ups. The atmosphere in Curl Up and Dye is fantastic and great for a girl with a sense of humor like me!
5	I have been going to see BREE for about 8 years now, and she has always done my hair exactly the way I wanted. She is the best hairdresser and such a total sweetheart!  It's a great salon with a kick-ass atmosphere and Davy-O is funny as hell!  I will continue to come here and get my hair done as long as they are open. Thank you Bree for always making me SO happy!!!! :)
3	I'm so sad. I only get to come to curl up and dye once or twice a year. That said I had always seen Damara. Well today I went and she isn't there anymore... So I had to see someone else, tiffany I believe. My color was in the computer so that is good... I'm upset that when I got home I had so much coloring on and in my ears I can't get it off , not to mention my scalp looks like I have a red helmet on ... ) :    Now I know prices are going higher everyday .. I normally for the past few years paid 80 bucks and left a 20 tip.... I only has 112 with me today, I get up there and the bill is 115..... I gave the 112 and used debit for 3bucks... I felt like shit cause I didnt have more to tip with ... I was going to go back and give a tip but now that I can see my head and all .... I'll pass , but for my color, cut, straighten (same as everytime) to have gone from 80 to 115 ,,,, 35 bucks more... I can't afford this place anymore... Sad because if your not an uptight frigid ass it's a pretty cool Salon ... I won't b going back based on todays pricing and service....
5	I met Rachel at Big Dog's a few months ago when I approached her asking if she'd be interested in modeling.  She gave me a card for this hair salon... and I loved the name alone.  Today, Desiree J and I were in desperate need of deep conditioning, shampoo and a style so I thought we'd give this place a try.  Michelle was my hair dresser and I fell IN LOVE!  Great atmosphere, my hair feels and looks fantastic!  I recommend this to EVERYONE who wants upscale salon hair care with every day comfortable diverse atmosphere!
2	I had gone here a few years back when I totally screwed up my hair trying to bleach it myself at home!! I had worked at the day spa a few doors down at the time, and thought I'd give it a try. The first time I went I had Lety do or should I say FIX my hair. She did an amazing job, it took a long time but that's only because of the process. I'm not much of a "talker" in the chair but she made me feel very comfortable. I ended up paying about $120 I think, but it was alot of work and afterwards it was SO much better!!A few weeks back I had decided to make a big change and shave the side of my head or "skrillex" cut it. I didn't remember Lety's name at the time of making my appointment and didn't think it mattered much since the whole shop seemed to have a good style and for the most part seemed nice. When I had arrived for my appointment the girl at the front desk seemed confused and started asking around who wanted to cut my hair. Although I didn't specify a stylist on the phone I so assumed who ever made my appointment booked me with a stylist that  had an opening. Guess not. After a few minutes I got someone to (reluctantly) volunteer. I sat in the chair and she asked how much I wanted to shave. I had pictures and ideas in my head so I start telling her. She didn't seem interested and when I ask if she wanted to see the pictures she tells me no, that all I am doing is shaving the side of my head!! After deciding on the area and asking if I was sure I wanted to do it (which was some what thoughtful) she shaved it off. While washing my hair she started asking me what kind of cut I wanted to do on the rest of my hair. I guess the answers I was giving her weren't enough because she then kind of snaps at me saying "if you want my opinion just ask and I'll give it to you!" By this time I was just done with the whole thing. I was basically just waiting for it to be done so I could get the heck out of there. We exchanged very few words after that.Do not get me wrong I am not a prude or stuck up. I had been to this place before and knew that it wasn't some high class yuppie salon, but at the same time I expected common courtesy. I will say I am happy with my hair, it didn't take long (thank god). I was kind of turned off by paying twice the price I was quoted on the phone ($60 not $30) but expected that for a hair cut and shave, even though the stylist did not inform me before hand. Which she probably didn't know to because she didn't even know I had an appointment or what I wanted until I got there. I still ended up tipping her 10 bucks which may be cheap to some people, but after my experience I wouldn't have felt bad tipping zero! Only reason I did was because my stylist stood behind the girl and watched as I was being rung up and actually seemed a bit irritated that I tipped on my card. Guess I should have given her $10 cash so she could go buy a box of tampons and a pack of cigarettes and chill the F out!
5	I don't go anywhere else! Everyone has their own unique personality and makes you feel at home. They are great at what they do... every single person! I've been going for years. I had tried other places last-minute and was sorely disappointed each time. I'm just sad the Maryland location is gone. Thanks, Curl Up n Dye!
5	I was able to call on a Friday night when in town for the weekend (former local) Got a hair appointment for the next day with Heather Dean, she saw the photos, asked questions and produced a DREAM of perfect color that I haven't stopped staring at for three days.  It cost me very little, less than $150 and I had perfect, custom results and she even helped me select a better shampoo for my hair type and climate.  Can't wait to go back!
5	Great place with talented stylists!  My daughter and I have been going here for about three years.We go to Justine, and she is absolutely fabulous.  Highly recommended.
5	Love this place! Been with them for over 5 years. Request Bree, she is absolutely the best! I have never had one complaint about her. She's perfect!
5	One day you will realize that your hair looks like crap and you will want it fixed. On that day you should call Curl Up n' Dye and make an appointment with Justine. I would be beside myself with grief if she ever goes anywhere and I can't at least stalk her. She is probably a color genius.No, really. I got my hair did yesterday and got nothing but compliments from other chicks asking me how I can pull off platinum blonde without the yellow. The answer is, I can't. Justine does it. I just sit in the chair and make unreasonable demands. If you are a chick you know that other chicks don't just run around giving hair compliments to girls they don't know all the time just to be nice. Girls are just not nice people like that.Another thing, the price is right. How can I afford to abuse my hair with wonderful results? Justine. Seriously, this chick is amazing. You know what else? If I sat in Justine's chair and told her I wanted my hair to look like Farrah Fawcett she wouldn't try to talk me out of it even though it is the worst idea I've ever thought of.Like most of the places I like, Curl Up n' Dye is not for everyone. Some people like pretentious hair salons. If you are not the kind of chick who can handle some profanity  then do yourself a favor and make your hair reservations wherever all the other flight attendants get their hair trimmed. There are plenty of places made for girls who only wear white cotton panties. For the rest of us, there is Curl Up n' Dye.
5	So I was looking for a new hair stylist and decided to go on here to look for good reviews. I spotted this salon and decided to give it a try. Mom and me went in and we were seated right away. Staff was friendly and so was my hair stylist Linda. I was very pleased with her work. being that i have lots of thick hair and long. not just anybody has been able to cut it just right like she did. my mom was very pleased with here hair stylist as well. definitely making it my new salon. i would recommend  for any girl to go here.
5	On the West Coast, Lettie is my stylist and her creative talent is impressive. So much so that many times I have flown in from Los Angeles to Las Vegas for a haircut from her. I've been a client of her's for more than 5 years and more recently she has been coloring my hair and I couldn't be happier. Compared to LA her prices are reasonable so that's another PLUS! Lettie is one of the kindest and caring people I've met in a very long time. She makes everyone feel special and you'll leave with a HOT haircut.
5	Okay today my sister Yazmin went in and spent 4 almost  5hrs on her hair(which was worth the time). I was there the whole time. My gosh the lady did an amazing job. Beyond amazing with a tricolor blends. .  Linn you are a god! She fixed a job a women fail to do the day before from a dif shop. After seeing what she has fix, I most definitely recommend on coming back for myself when I do decide to get my hair styled. My sister loved her work. She was patient and tending for her client. Plus omg all the hair stylists are absolutely chill and hot (like jaw dropping omg they're all babes that can style hair.) Anywho the shop is beyond awesome.
5	I originally came to Lety at Curl Up N Dye on my wedding day. One of my bridesmaids had recommended her. Now 6 years later and I'm still seeing Lety. This salon is unique; it has a bit of a punk rock edge. But you don't have to be punk rock to come here! All the staff at Curl Up N Dye are very friendly and helpful. The shop has a fun and exciting atmosphere. I love that they make you feel at home. They aren't snobby like some salons.The prices are also very reasonable. Like I said before, I totally recommend Lety. She does excellent cuts and color. She also does eyebrow and lip waxing. When my hair had an unruly dye job she completely fixed me up and made me feel beautiful again. She is so kind and really makes you feel at ease. I went in today and again came out with beautifully colored hair and a nice new hair cut. I'll be back again in a couple of months for a touch up. Thanks so much Lety! You rock!
5	Dudes, this place is amazing. My hair was all sorts of dead and needed it fixed. I was told about this place by an old coworker and finally decided to check it out and I am so glad I did!I called and made an appointment with Missy and I love her! You know how sometimes you'll bring in a picture and when you leave, you kinda look at your hair like what the hell picture were they looking at? Not with her! She got it EXACTLY to the picture. It as strange, yet amazing! Also, they're all so nice, yet funny. If you can't stand a punk rock type place, don't go. You should probably look for a prissy bitch kinda place. If you actually do have a personality, however, definitely come here. They are amazing!
5	AWESOME!! I took my best friend in to get hair extensions since she lost most of hair to chemo treatments because of her Breast Cancer issue. What a great staff and Davyo the owner did her extensions.. He was kind and very professional making her feel comfortable and explaining in detail how to care for her extensions.. She was so happy she cried. Thank You for making my friend feel Beautiful and Confident again (even though she already was beautiful already) This place Rocks!
5	I am very particular about my hair and have always had trouble finding a good stylist that could get it right. I was referred to Curl Up N Dye by my fiance and was scheduled to see Shannon for my first appointment. Right from the start I had a good feeling about her, she was very personable, she listened to what I was looking for and she is a perfectionist when it comes to getting your hair right. This is something that I truly enjoy about going to her. I have seen her twice now and fully intend to keep making appointments with her. For a truly excellent hair styling appointment book your next appointment with Shannon.
1	Several months back, I scheduled an appointment for a highlight.  I arrived for my appointment to find several girls in their aprons sitting out front smoking and bs-ing.  Only 2 employees inside and both were working.  Not one girl from outside came inside to assist me until the male worker walked up to the front desk to as me if I had been helped.  I had waited for nearly 10 minutes for someone to assist me just to be told that now it is passed my appointment time and they wouldn't even do my highlights.  I would not recommend this trashy place to anyone unless your best friend is your stylist.  Clearly these girls don't want new clientele.  Young and unprofessional.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE AND SHARRON BRADY IS AWESOME!!!I called on Friday at 6 pm and did not expect to get an appointment on a Saturday but they got me in on Saturday at 10 am with Sharron.  I had a two hour window but she ended up spending 4 hours with me because I have so much hair and wanted a lot of highlights and my color corrected.  She was amazing and I love my hair.  Super sweet, patient and I would highly recommend her.  Will definitely go back and ask for her when it is time for a touch up!I expected a much higher price too so when she quoted what she did for four hours, color with highlights (five tubes of color), cut, dry and straighten I was floored!  I thought I had heard wrong.  The shop is awesome and I always loved the deco in there.If you have never been to Curl up and Dye it is not your average snooty hair shop.  It is down to earth, cool girls that talk freely, have tattoos and are as cool as hell!
5	I saw BREE for a quick trim. My crown was fried from bleaching AND I'm trying to grow my super short hair out. Bree was super cool and had a great vibe. It was nice to hang out with someone who wasn't a prissy hair dresser. She honestly gave me the best hair cut I've had in years. She dry cut me and turned my drab, dry hair into a cute bob which has now grown out nicely ! I can't wait to go back to her. PS.. SUPER edgy tattoo-shop-like hair salon... Not for everyone but definitely for me.
5	I started coming here in 5 months ago because I needed a root touch up and just kept coming back! I absolutely love Shannon! She always gives me rad hair and she is just adorable!
5	I have been going to Justine for a while now and I am so glad I found her! It took me forever to find a stylist that I trust and who is confident enough in their abilities to give suggestions and offer honest opinions. Everyone there is very nice and very laid back! Love love love this place. Definitely recommend!
4	If you have a long, thick, curly, unruly mop like I do, you know the feeling of horror and dread I get when some stylist with perfectly stick-straight hair tells you she knows how to properly LAYER curls. Liar!! Fucking liar!! I have left salons in tears with a mushroom head all my life. I know you know what I'm talking about, curly girls. Not this time!! I happen to be an acquaintance of the salon owner, Davyo, through the local Vegas music scene. Davyo himself is in possession of a head of fluffy, cotton candy, curly-headed goodness. So after chatting a couple of times, I made an appointment with him for my mother (who has been searching for the perfect shag for as long as I can remember) and I. Hallelujah, praise the hair gods!! Not only did my mom get that shag she's always wanted, but I, yes I of the Medusa hair, got an awesome rock and roll head full of layers that not only looks good when left curly (Gasp! I know, can you believe?!), but looks pretty fucking epic after some product and a flat iron. I bow down to you, Davyo. I'm forever your girl.P.S. 4 stars instead of 5 only because the next stylist over was really fucking obnoxious. Maybe she was just having a bad day, but seriously, there's a fine line between "punk rock" and miserable bitch. She crossed it. It wasn't cute.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE!I called in on a busy weekend afternoon and Missy made time for me on her schedule the same day.  I have fine thin hair that is bleached blond.  I wanted some chunky highlights to frame my face and literally all I had to do was show Missy a picture and she nailed it.  She actually made my hair BETTER than the picture.  She is fun, sweet, and super talented.  I am so happy to have a new stylist that I adore who can make my hair look super awesome.  Will NOT go anywhere else.  Oh did I mention that they are crazy affordable too?  Cheap prices for stellar talent--who could ask for anything else?
5	Thanks again Yelpers! I was out of town and needed a hair cut. Curl Up and Dye was a great find! Missy Miss did a great job with my curls. They are so happy. Everyone in the salon is friendly, the place itself is fun and funky and I walked out with a great haircut for a reasonable price.
2	so my hair is very long and i am verrrrry particular about it. upon deciding between two salons to go get a hair cut, i called curl up n dye where i was greeted on the phone with a monotone, bored voice  saying "Curl up n dye..." who was literally yawning while talking to me. nothing at all to really make me want to check this place out. the polar opposite of how i was greeted from the other salon. Chose the other place because the receptionist actually made me feel like they wanted to cut my hair.
5	I brought my daughters, aged 14 and 11 in here and the stylists were so nice and sweet to them. In my experience, alternative shops and stylists are not for kids, but the girls here were very good.
5	http://moonlightmoth.deviantart.com/art/New-Do-462321194Picture^I decided on this awesome place due to reviews here and the pics they've uploaded. It's obvious these ladies know color and I was fairly certain they could pull off a faux hawk with shaved sides. :PAfter thinking about it and pondering for over a year I finally decided I'd get my dream hair. Walked in to score an appointment for my day off and got Shannon- who penciled me in and seemed interested in what I wanted. :) Which immediately made me feel better. She was very sweet, funny and professional throughout the whole appointment, listened to what I had in mind, looked at the pics I had for vague reference and created my vision with 100% accuracy. My god. I've never been so in love with myself. Everyone- even my fairly conservative parents- say it's gorgeous and is totally ME. It's been a week now and I've washed it twice- color is still a strong aqua/teal. -love- And people are STILL complimenting me. This place is as laid back as everyone says. Like a tattoo shop for your hair. Will forever come back.The prices are VERY fair for the skill these women have. My particular color and style took 4 hours.
5	shannon is awesome. whenever i asked her a question she took the time to explain everything in detail. shes hella sweet and fun.
5	My review is long overdue but I've been trying to get my stuff together after moving to Vegas. That being said, I was happy to have a fellow Californian, Missy, cut my hair! I'm still adjusting to the desert weather so I definitely needed to lop some hair off to keep the neck cool. I do have very thin hair though so Missy talked me through a couple of styles and even gave me some advice on some products that would help me get some volume and thickness back.Definitely had a fun experience, everyone was genuinely nice and I was glad I was able to get in without an appointment without too much of a wait. Really can't wait to save up some money so I can get a fun dye job!
5	Yesterday I had a fantastic cut by Shannon. I had been going to an Aveda salon, but I needed something last minute. I also wanted something a bit edgier than my usual cut. I am so glad I decided to come here!I called around 3:15 and was told they had a 4:00 with Shannon available. I was a few minutes late because of the traffic on Rainbow (lots of lights). Shannon consulted with me and gave me great, honest advice. She did a great job, taking my idea (side shave) and using her expertise to cut and style the rest of my hair to compliment my new look.The shampoo/cut/style was only $40, so I was able to leave a generous tip while still paying a little less than I paid at the Aveda salon. Shannon is now my new stylist! I'm tempted to go for a color service next...This place is seriously THE place to go for an edgy look. Keep in mind this is not a spa experience -- don't go here if you are offended by tattoos or f-bombs.
5	Shannon is Awesome!!! She gave me an awesome cut and color!!! So glad I found this place. Everyone is super cool there. Felt like I was in a salon back in my home of NYC. Super edgy, super fun super awesome!!!! Shannon you rock!!!!!
5	I love love LOVE this place.  My daughter and I have been seeing Lety for a little over 10 years now.  We have had it all done, cuts, colors, extensions...you name it!  I love the atmosphere there and I can't imagine going anywhere else!
5	I've been going to Curl Up & Dye for over 6 years. Not your Grandma's salon! You won't find stuffy, overpriced , mediocre services here...These folks are badass!! Bree has been doing my hair for over six years... everything from mild to wild! If you are looking for the latest styles or Rockabilly styles this is the salon for you! Come for the kickass hair...hang out for the free entertainment!  (Those who have witnessed the bubble wrap rodeo know what I'm talking about.) #curlupndye
5	This is wonderful neighborhood salon, they specialize in cuts, color and extensions-(ask for Davyo). You won't be disappointed!
5	I've been here a couple of times. I now take my 5 year old there. Shannon is wonderful. She was so good with my son. Darby loved the girls there. I will always go to get our haircut there from now on. Thank you Shannon..
5	Came is for the first time yesterday. I moved to Vegas 18 months ago and really hadn't found a stylist yet. My friend suggested I try this place and she has amazing hair from the girls here. That and all the amazing reviews on Yelp, I was in. I had super long and thick hair and it was time for it to go. I had grown it out to donate and it was time. My stylist was Jayna. She is super awesome. She listened to what I wanted and the pics I showed her. I was a little nervous at first about cutting so much off but she was great. My hair turned out perfect. It's a little shorter than I wanted but it's hair and will grow back plus she did such an awesome job with the styling and shaping that I absolutely love it. It looks fabulous. I will definitely be back. Jayna is my new girl!
5	First off, they care about your hair here. I walked in with a plan in mind, but it required a lot of bleaching. They told me that it's doable, but that they don't recommend it cause it might do considerable damage to my hair. They gave me a couple of alternatives, and that let me know that they're not just after money, which a lot of salons out there are. Second, JAYNA! Oh my gosh she is awesome. She just nailed what I was looking to get. And she didn't just whiz through the whole process, she took the time, effort, and care to make sure it came out perfect. Also, the other hairdressers consulted and put in their two cents, which I really appreciated. They are a team in there.I just love this place, and of course, Jayna. So much, that I told my sister to go to her to get her haircut. She ended up loving Jayna and this place as well. The two of us will for sure come back!
5	I came here on a referral for Jayna. I've lived in Las Vegas for years, but have had no honest luck in finding a go-to for hair until now. Jayna was amazing. She was super patient and involved. Even though I kept changing my mind throughout the haircut about how I wanted it, she continuously assured me, "You're going to leave here with the hair you want!" That saint of a woman worked on my head for 2 hours. I walked in with a vague idea of what I wanted/what I didn't want and still walked out with a haircut that I really love. She let me know that if a couple of days pass and I see anything that needs changing, to come back in and she'd fix it up. It's been a few days now, and this morning I looked in the mirror for the first time in months without utter contempt for my hair. I won't be needing to go back for any touch ups, but I will be coming back for future cuts. The communication was fantastic, the service was great, and the job was well done. Thanks, Jayna. As for the salon side of my experience, it was really cool. Conversations are "anything goes," often resulting in entertaining banter. While I was there, I heard people talking about everything from opinions about serial killers, to Trainspotting, to raising kids, and more. Bands like Joy Division, Fleetwood Mac, and eighties pop played over the speakers. Lots of life and joyful activity in the space. I noticed there were walk-ins, but I made an appointment and would recommend doing the same in case you unfortunately come across a client like me, who hoarded poor Jayna for hours. Also, though I didn't see it, I HEAR that you can bring in a six pack to enjoy while your hair gets fabulous. That's tugs at my heartstrings, right there.
