5	Ok, don't nut punch me 'cause I'm writing a review on Da Bux.  I'm not here to review the mediocre drip, the yeast infected pastries, nor the annoying indie music.  I'm here to say that this Starbucks has more eye candy for the 30 something crowd than a 75% off sale at Banana Republic.  It starts with being one of the largest Bux in all of Phoenix.  It is 3X bigger than any of the other green brown stations in the area.  This lends itself to bunches of coffee cake crusted comfy cushions and chairs that spill out into an L-shaped patio with a Parisian bistro flair.  Now for you ladies (hey, hey, ladies!), the pecs around here usually sport specs since they are in their 30's to 50's, but they got cash (or they are at least nicely dressed perverts).  NOW, for us guys, the breasts around here are more fake then the goods lining Shanghai's flea markets.  But heck, as long as those nipples aren't plastic, I'll bite.+++'s: THE best Starbucks for older eye-candy (30+), free Wi-fi with your starbucks card, ample seating, always a good clean crowd, in Kierland commons- - -'s: it's another StarbucksIn sum, if you want to enjoy a cup of Joe (or Jane) in style, this is the Starbucks to do it at.
4	I don't live in Scottsdale. I don't have much in common with people that live in Scottsdale (no money, no little dog with blinged out collar, and no BMW) but I do enjoy the ample seating and courteous staff of this Starbucks location. There are an abundant number of comfy seats (10 I think), regular seating (at least 20 seats) and a huge outside seating area (with at least 10 tables), more than any other Starbucks I've been too. It's usually pretty busy during the day, but in the evening it's the perfect place to study or meet a few friends. Although I usually just get an iced tea or water, the times I've ordered other drinks they were well-made and to my specifications. On the one occasion they forgot to make my drink, they promptly gave me a free drink coupon and apologized profusely. All that being said, it's still a Starbucks and if you're afraid of the big bad corporation, feel free to steer clear. ;) Being in a part of town where there aren't any indy coffee shops, I have little choice. But, if you're feeling brave, and in the mood to have a cup of joe in a nice location, Starbucks at Kierland is a good choice!
4	I love Starbucks no matter the location but as the Kierland Starbucks location is closest to my office, it is the one I most visit! With that said I love the staff here as they are very friendly and always remember my order!
4	Pretty nice place to get coffee:3
4	Yes, I am a SBUX fan.... I frequent many. But this one is always, always so busy! It can be super difficult to score a table here.
4	I refuse to review a Starbucks.  Oops, I just did!
4	Great service and my Chai was great!
2	So, at this point we've all formed an opinion of what we think of Starbucks coffee?  Either it floats your boat or doesn't.Coming from the Pacific Northwest, I was use to a wide selection of different coffee places, Tully's and Peet's (where it all began) for example; or any of the number of small coffee shacks that seem to be on every corner in greater Seattle.  But here in the Valley, unless you're willing to track down a Fry's Marketplace to find a Tully's, you'll need to settle for Starbucks.Now that I've gotten that out out of the way, I have a love hate relationship with this Starbucks location.  I come here several times each day, or to the Press Coffee across Scottsdale Road.  The Baristas are great, very friendly and rarely if ever get my order wrong.  What is frustrating is what I call the Internet moochers.  Because of Starbuck's free WiFi policy, there is never a place to sit inside and enjoy your drink and read the paper.  Or, God forbid, getting up and ordering a refill.  People will pounce on that seat!It was different before they changed the policy and made WiFi free.  Don't get me wrong, some days it's actually pretty good.  But for the most part it's a bear getting a seat and what is the capacity here?  50, maybe 75?  That's a lot of customers drinking Mr. Schultz's version of Peet's coffee!  So I would guess this is one of the largest, certainly most profitable stores in the greater Phoenix area.  Why change the business model if it isn't broken, right?Well in the beginning, when Mr. Schultz took over the marketing at Peet's, he wanted to recreate that coffee house feeling that he found in Paris.  The feeling I have here is of a college library on caffeine.  A lot of laptops open, but not a lot of coffee being drank.So, if you're on the run and just want to grab a Cup of Joe, then this is your best bet in the Kierland area.  But, if you want to order your brew, sit down and read the paper, or just enjoy a conversation with your neighbor -- try Press Coffee across Scottsdale Road and the real life version of Frogger getting there.  Now, that will get your heart racing!
5	The only reason to drink coffee is if I'm all stopped-up from my wife's pot roast. Otherwise I steer clear of coffee and caffeine related products.Fortuitously however, I discovered another reason to like coffee, and did so at Starbucks yesterday.Their trenta sized cup.It was a great Sunday dinner...pot roast as usual but now it was Monday morning and time to 'pay the piper'. I stopped at Starbucks on the way to work.As bad luck sometimes has it, traffic was running slow that day...much slower than usual. I suspected something was wrong. It was...the overhead freeway sign indicating a severe crash on the 51.Great.I just drank thirty ounces of coffee and was now in the throes of a face-grimacing, bladder-busting event.This is where the thirty ounce cup came in handy. Once filled with warm, steaming coffee, it was now filled with something equally warm and steaming.Whether you like coffee or not, you'll enjoy the wide rimmed opening and the large capacity of the trenta sized cup. It's able to contain even the most hearty of uncontrollable pissing events. Way to go Starbucks trenta!
4	This place is always packed!!! But it is a great place to work because they have the coolest "desktops" near the front entrance.There are also an abundance of the "comfy" living room style chairs. This is a "big" Starbuck compared to others in the area. There is almost always a line waiting to order. But they keep things moving. Aside from my above comments... its a Starbucks. You either love it or hate it.
5	I have been to Starbucks all over this wonderful continent of ours....and this may be one of the best of them all. So let me set the scene for you because for you TRUE Starbucks fans you will understand what I am saying. Picture yourself walking into Starbucks.....the smell of the coffee drinks being made....dimly lit room.....tables and chairs for all of those who want have there latte's,....tea....coffee....iced coffee...mocha's.....pastries......ipads.....laptops....cellphones....etc....Then BLAM THOSE HUGE LINES....PEOPLE WALKING BETWEEN YOU AND OVER YOU BECAUSE THE COUNTER IS RIGHT NEARBY AND YOUR LIKE ARRRRRRRHHHHH. However those days are a thing of the past at this location.There is plenty of outdoor seating.....nice dimly lit room as usual.....tons and I mean tons of space and outlets for that matter for you to get digitally plugged in no matter what kind of device you have.....and then BLAM.....ooooohhhh wait I got ya there...LOL.There is no BLAM because the "digital" space you have to work with is at least 20 feet from the counter.....and while it does get busy here....you won't really notice a crowd unless your absolutely paying attention to the crowd only. The service is awesome....the coffee drinks are awesome as always.....and trust me they really do keep the line moving. I was really impressed with the size of this location....I have not seen one bigger....I was also impressed with all of the "digital" space and outdoor seating......have not seen more anywhere........I was also impressed with the service....I was also impressed.....WAIT.....I think you get my drift.....I WAS IMPRESSED PERIOD.This Starbucks has shot up to #1 on my list of Starbucks locations....if you know one better anywhere in the country...with the exception of the one at Starbucks Headquarters....LOL....please let me know.....and as always continue to Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
4	If I had it in my heart to give a Starbucks a five-star review, this would be it. But in writing a review, I have to take into account the coffee product itself, and honestly, with our Jura machine at home, we get better coffee and espresso, and go figure --  we use Starbucks beans.  I'll chock it up to our grind and strength.Having prefaced it by the above, this is probably the best Starbucks location I've visited. Even with ten people ahead of me in line, it was less than five minutes before I had my cafe latte and spinach, egg white and feta wrap in hand! The place was packed with nary an available seat inside, so I grabbed one of  the comfy outdoor patio seats. It was a perfect morning to linger over my drink while I waited for a friend to finish up at the dentist. It's also great for people watching as just about everyone who works at Kierland Commons stops by for "whatever".As an aside, it was the first time I tried the spinach, egg white and feta wrap, based on the recommendations of two young girls in line behind me, and ooh, it is by far the best "fast food" breakfast I have ever had!  Kudos to Starbucks for steering me clear of the former beloved Egg McMuffin!
1	Went in with a friend who wanted to meet here.  I've never been a fan of SBX, truly the MCDs of coffee.Save the money, either buy good grounds to make your own cup or go to Circle K for a slightly better coffee at half the price.
4	Love this Starbucks for the business vibe! Lots of meetings going on. More than enough outlets for your laptop, but always crowded, so finding one is tough. Love the upscale feel.
3	A large and always-busy location, the Starbucks at Kierland has a reputation as the "pickup" Starbucks, as in, it's a great place to meet and perhaps find a spark with fellow coffee lovers. The pre-work line can get long, but behind the counter they move fast. I've set up shop a few times to work and haven't had trouble finding a spot, usually against the wall for some good people watching (no Prince Charmings though)!  The last dirty chai latte I had from this location was overly milky, so that's clouding my mind right now! If you are a foufy drink aficionado, check it out, but if you're a purist, save some money and head around the corner to Chloe's for 50 cent hot or iced coffees and fantastically unique muffins and scones.
1	I arrived at around three, there was one lady ahead of me at the end of the counter already waiting for her drink. Sadly the barista was too busy flirting to notice I was in my work uniform and clearly on a break. Ten minutes later I get a cup two thirds of the way full of watered down chai. I don't know if he put skim milk in there or what, but I asked for whole milk and was very disappointed in what I got. It shouldn't take ten minutes to make a full decent cup of chai, let alone part of a poor one. Give me a break. I watched him and he was talking, not paying attention to what he was doing and stopped several times to chat with another lady while making my drink. It's no wonder I prefer Dutch Brothers.
4	It was a rainy day today, and I was meeting two friends to study at Starbucks at Kierland.  A great location with plenty of seating, apparently everyone had the same idea as me.  When I walked in, all inside seating was taken and there were long lines to order drinks and also for the restroom.  Recognizing this was due to the weather and that Starbucks couldn't do anything differently about this, I was quite impressed with how quickly the lines moved and how friendly the staff were.  Ordering a tall hot chocolate, I enjoyed a nice hot beverage while only waiting a short while to find seats for my friends and me to study.  With so many people there, the Internet was quite slow for a while until many of the customers left (when the weather got better).  More seating appeared, the lines subsided, and the Internet got faster.  All in all, it was a very productive few hours for my friends and me as we also got several beverages and enjoyed the atmosphere.  I'll definitely be going back!
2	Positively the snobbiest Starbucks I've ever been to. Get over yourselves and crack a smile, for goodness sake!
4	One of the toughest tables to get in Scottsdale...sort of feels like a walking on a runway...Oh, and they've got coffee.
4	Love to study here with my earplugs in...Of course you can also just people watch. ;)
2	Super busy and pretty dirty!!! Huge trash pile with 2 overflowing trash cans.  The bar where you pick up your drink was sopping wet with ????My friend and I met here and we saw a nice lady with a hermes birkin!  Seriously, class up Starbucks!The women's restroom also had no tp!  Really nice touch.
3	As a Starbuck's Gold Card holder (aka I drink far too much Starbucks), I have become accustomed to certain attitudes and services from them. And this place didn't really hold up to those expectations. First off, this Starbuck's is located in a large outdoor mall so you know it is going to be busy. It was about 5pm on a Saturday and there were still a few hours left in their day. Once we got up to the counter, there was no hello or smile, just what can I get you. We ordered 2 Soy Lattes and the first thing the barista says is they don't know if they have any soy left. I'm sorry but you are a Starbucks located in a mall, how do you run out of an essential item like soy or any type of milk like product half way through you day?? After checking with other workers, they said there is just enough for us but then they are out. Awesome. We at least got our soy lattes but what about everyone else for the next 4 hours they are open? It is like saying they ran out of half and half. I'm sorry but a Starbucks should not run out of certain things and creamers are one of them.
5	Yes!
5	Compared to other reviews on here about this Starbucks location this one in particular is not bad at all in my opinion. Every time I have gone into this location I have always left very pleased. The store is huge and has tons of seating inside and has a good amount of seating outside. The bathrooms have always been clean and fresh. Lines can be long but go by quick. The employees are always nice and friendly and have always gotten my order right the first time. Overall I like this Starbucks and won't stop coming here anytime soon.
5	Great place to hang out and have a coffee. That is if you  can find a table. This place gets packed. Can't beat Kierland for the environment.
4	Always super quick drive thru and the staff is always so nice and upbeat - even on a super early Monday morning. Always a plus! Only reason I'm not giving a 5 star is because getting into their drive thru and leaving to head north on Scottsdale Rd is difficult.
1	This place used to be great. But lately it's almost always a mess. Furniture and chairs strewn around, overflowing garbage cans and old newspapers laying around are the norm.
3	lines are always ten minutes long, always hard to find a table with an outlet, and it is ridiculously busy and takes another 10 minutes for your latte to be done. however ive never gotten bad service or an incorrect order herebut really they are constantly running out of sandwiches and cookies
