2	How is it that I'm the first to write a review on the T&M?I watched some Runnin' Rebels games earlier this year.  It was my first time at the Thomas & Mack for a sporting event.  To my surprise it has been around for decades in Las Vegas.  This city will never get a pro team until a new sports arena is built, and it's evident when you go to the T&M.  It's competent when it comes to college sports, rodeo and the occasional fight night but lacking in many areas.  The sound system is sub-standard and there's little in the way of luxury suites.Getting into the T&M is easy enough via Tropicana.  It's leaving that can be a problem.  With no freeway access for miles and nothing but 2 or three lane surface streets, it can take a while.  Sometime you're filtered into going in a direction you don't want to go in, which makes it that more difficult to get on your way.There's not much selection when it comes to snacks.  Your typical beer and hotdog.  I was also surprised that the place has so many empty seats despite UNLV putting a good team on the floor.  Las Vegas is not a sports town.  It never will be.  I went to a John Kerry rally here in 2004 and that was the most packed I've ever seen it.
2	I had come to the Thomas & Mack Center for several events ranging from basketball games (Woo - Go Rebels) to boxing matches.  Ultimately, for a city like Las Vegas, there should and will be better arenas for high profile sporting events but the T&M Center just doesn't cut it for a good number of reasons.Concession stands are overpriced and terrible.  The seats are not comfortable (I've sat in the nosebleeds to close to the floor), ticket office customer service is whack, and the traffic is a mess when these events finish.  Don't get me started on the bathrooms during any event, the attendant is too busy being lazy to clean any messes that occur.Aside from UNLV students and diehard sports fans, I don't know too many LV locals who really enjoy coming out here.  Often times this means there are always seats available for even some of the most popular events, but like most folks I'd rather catch it on TV.  I was shocked they were able to host the NBA All Star game here last year with very little problems.  I anticipate that Las Vegas will rebuild this joint in the next decade or come up with something better altogether.
5	What a great place to see anything!! I've been to 2 NBA games in the last year, Team USA pre-olympic game and Lakers vs. KINGS. I love the jumbotron and all the fun things they do. Seats are super cheap and usually theres 4-6 rows near the front you can filter down into after the 1st or 2nd quarter. They have lots of great food and relatively cheap t-shirts and souvenirs. Plus you always get to see celebrities-We saw Derek Fisher, Bill Gates & Warren Buffet, Some Rapper and lots of Fans on the Jumbotron.
2	Ok... so up front.. this is for the Cox Pavillion...   I know I could go and get a point for a new place.. .but they are right next to each other.. probably have the same street address, and frankly don't care all that much..this place was ok... granted the arena next store had a basketball game in it that might have been drawing all the man-power, but this was just ok...  I was here for a volleyball match... the team I was there for won(sorry UNLV)I was sitting and smelled nachos... looked around and saw a guy with them... but he was squeezing the rest of the nacho cheese out of a package!!!!  I'll pass.
3	I went here for a show August 24th.  Parking was really quick and easy, the workers in the lot were doing a great job.  We got a decent spot and the walk was not too bad.  The line at the door wrapped around the entire building, but when it started moving the staff got us all in very fast.  A few days before the show I talked to a ticket agent online and asked about handicapped seating ticket exchanges.  I was told it wouldn't be a problem to swap out the tickets because they had those seats available, just to do it as soon as we got in.  That was not the case.  I was told to come and keep checking back to see if everyone showed up as the handicap seating was full.  My husband never got his seat and I spent most of the show walking around so he could use my seat for leg room.  No matter I was still having fun.  They had so much snack food to choose from.  I got a Rebel dog and it was pretty good for four bucks.  Not a bad place over all to see a show, just make sure the tickets you buy are the tickets you need.
4	This is the best college arena I have been. I mean they serve hard alcohol and good beer? I mean you can order a blue moon! No more Bud Light/Coors Light only crap! It's amazing! The best part is the guy who makes the mixed drinks. $10 to get a double shot pina colada? Tip him well and amazingly your next one is a triple and half shot pina colada :)Furthermore, for a sports arena the prices are completely reasonable. Also they frisk you on the way in, and well that's just kind of exciting!
4	Who wouldn't love the bigges arena in Las Vegas at 18,500 seats? Seen several events here, particularly basketball (go Rebels!), and I've never really had a problem. Plenty of comfortable seating with padding, prices are usually really affordable, the crowd is amazing and really loud for sports. The only really bad thing is how long it takes to leave sometimes. We like to sit and wait and listen to the post-game show inside, but lately they have been forcing you out fast and you end up sitting in your car for an hour or more. Park at the Maryland and Flamingo garage or ride the ACExpress Rapid Transit here, avoid the post game traffic and you'll have a great time!
4	What can I say? I'm a Rebel for life! I love coming to the Thomas & Mack for Runnin' Rebel basketball games. It's in my blood, my DNA. That doesn't make sense of course. But since when do die-hard sports fans make sense?Truth be told, the T&M is an old building. The layout isn't the greatest in the world, especially behind the scenes. I used to do some sportsshooting from the baselines and it gets crowded down there. When the Mountain West Conference holds the annual championships, and also when FIBA hosts events, they close off a few rows in the bottom section. This means some capacity is lost, but it makes for a much better and more organized photography and press experience. Comparing it to, for example, the United Center in Chicago, it's night and day.Anyway, who cares about the press and their free food? You wanna know what it's like as a fan! The T&M has been a rock star the past few years. I think we were the number 12 college arena last year in terms of attendance, and number 1 in the west! Whatever that means.Seriously, is there anything better to get your heart pumping than when they dim the lights and they introduce our beloved Runnin' Rebs with the over-the-top pyrotechnics sequence? It is SO Vegas. Oh, I know what's better. When the entire arena reverberates from the sellout crowd of 18K+ fans screaming the Rebel chant at the top of their collective lungs.So I'm giving it four stars because yes, it's an old arena. But I'm definitely, and always will be, a fan.
3	More like 2.5 stars but I'll be generous since the show was good.  We came here to see the PBR (professional bull riding) World Finals on a Wednesday and Thursday evening.  It was raining on Wednesday and we had to park in the "overflow" lot which means we had to walk a little farther in the rain.  The people directing the traffic were a little slow to let us pass considering it was...uh...raining on us!  We got the same parking spot on Thursday and it was better since it was a nice night out.Once inside it's your standard event arena.  Packed wall to wall with people trying to get snacks and buy crappy souvenirs.  So we got in line for some popcorn too...if you can't beat em' join em' as they say.  The price for the popcorn wasn't bad...you got a super huge tub for $4.00 but the soda was pricey at $3.00...but still not too bad considering.If you're not rich like me, your seats will be in the top half of the arena.  Be sure to put on your hiking boots because it's a steep incline on the way up!  The seats are small and pack you like sardines with NO leg room at all.  So if someone wants to pass you, you have to get up...or have them climb over you.  I hate it when there is no walk way for people to pass.  The acoustics for the first night were TERRIBLE!  But the sound technicians improved it for the second night.  Even though we were high up we still had a decent view.  We are going to be coming in December for the World Finals Rodeo and we are going to be even farther up...so we'll see how good the view is then.Leaving can be complicated if you don't get a head start before the event ends.  We got out O.K. both times but  they have you exit out a side street and if you need to get into the right hand turn lane it can be impossible to get over.  Overall, it's an O.K. venue to watch events.  It's certainly not my first choice but when they have PBR and Rodeo World Finals...you just have to suck it up!
4	I haven't really been to any other stadiums, so I don't have much to compare this to. I only go here for the Rebels basketball games, as well as the occasional graduation ceremony.Overall, it is pretty clean, and the seats are comfortable. The place serves decent enough food, but prices are a bit expensive - but what else do you expect? There's also a bar, as well as many other small stores that sell beer and alcohol. And the newest addition this semester, is the fact that there are a few cocktail waitresses, that go up and down the stadium taking orders. A feature I doubt many other stadiums have.
3	This place is old and it shows.  I'm here at least 3 to 4 times per year for the NFR, NBA, & UNLV Basketball games.  While I enjoy those events, this building is not so good.  Here's why:PROS- Great seating with awesome views of the court/event floor.CONS- The food and beverage selection sucks.  This place is stuck in the 90's.....given what you can get at more modern arenas, this is sub-par.  Besides the domestic draft beers you can get a couple of craft beers, but only a very small selection.- The video screen is outdated.  It's the grainy, low quality, large pixel type screens that you saw back when the Rebels won the National Championship in 1991.....I don't think they've updated the screen since then.Overall, it's decent.....I've been in worse arenas.....but it's nowhere near the level of the new ones built since the mid-90's.Will I return?  I will, we have no choice.
3	Watched the UNLV game with my Son the other night.  Had a bunch of food:Pizza ($9)BBQ Brisket Sandwich ($8)Hot Dog ($4)Blue Moon ($8)The food was OK, but not great.  Wish they had more choices.  UNLV won, it was a great night.Return Factor - 100%
4	I've been to a couple Rebel games now and had a great time! My first tip is to park in the faculty lot on the other side of campus (a mere 5 minute walk) to avoid any and all traffic. Secondly, the drinks at this place rock! I'm not used to having alcohol at college games, but I was happy to find it. They have 2 drinks that rock: The beers that fill from the bottom and seal with a magnet (So space age and fuN!), and the coffee drinks made with booze. $6.50 for a mocha baileys latte?? Yes please ! The rebel dogs are pretty damn good and they have nachos with fake cheese for a mere $3.25. For those complaining about the food and drink selection I'm convinced they haven't been to many college basketball games before!
2	This review is for Cox Pavilion. I just got back from taking my kids to see Sesame Street Live: Elmo's Healthy Heroes. The cool part is that my monkeys had a blast and got to hug most of the characters (I feel like a badass mommy right now). The other cool part (LITERALLY!) was that they kept the venue at about 50 flippin' degrees. I am guessing it was because the characters on stage get super hot in their furry costumes. That's all fine and dandy but please let us know ahead of time so we can dress properly. My son was almost to the point of tears because he was so cold and my daughter burrowed in my arms (we had all dressed in shorts and t-shirts...its about 90 degrees today). It took away from the performance and was just all around annoying to deal with. On a brighter note...the staff is wonderful....super cool to my monkeys. That always makes me happy....just make it a few degrees warmer and you guys get bumped up two stars.
4	I went here for tickets today to the Sampras, Agassi, Courier and Chang tennis match this fall.  I used to go here a lot when Las Vegas had an arena football team, but since that left, I've only been here once since.One of the things I like the most is walking around the Mack and looking at the memorabilia in the cases from different concerts and boxing matches that were held at the Mack.The building shows its age in some respects, but it still is a grand place to see an event.  I've been here for National Finals Rodeo also.  I find it easy in and out.  After getting my ticket today, I was through the tunnel and on my way home in no time at all.Where else can you walk out the front door and see the planes landing at McCarran and look a bit more to the right and see lovely, Lady Las Vegas.  I sort of strut when I'm here knowing this is my town!
4	We had gone here for the circus when it was in town!! SOOOOO fun the seats were ok and the prices were un beatable! the grounds were clean! i had a very pleasent experience here as well as our friends who came around the sametime :) kinda pricey for coton candy $12!!! well it did come with a goofy looking hat... lol beer is $6 everthing else was a normal price as if you went to anyother event!
4	Went here for the TUFF-N-UFF fight, and since MMA local fighting has grown in Vegas over the past year, they had to move to the Cox Pavilion. Some people may say the venue is small, but I have to admit that no matter where you sit, you're going to get a good view of the center stage no matter what. The seats are fairly comfortable (though I don't think they can recline), and arm rests that pull down with cup holders.I like how everything is easily accessible, from the entrance, to drinks and snacks, to parking. Parking is never a problem since you've got the whole Thomas & Mack parking lot outside (and they usually tape off designated areas), and even the UNLV parking lots are not a hassle to get to if it gets too full. It's also five minutes from The Strip, so it's located in an area where tourists can even reach with no problems. Definitely one of the better stadiums for smaller crowds, conventions, and shows.
4	I love the Mack!I've come to the Mack for a bunch of events: Rebel basketball games, concerts, a wrestling match, my UNLV graduation, and even for career fairs. Every time I come here, I love it more. See, this place is awesome. They have a lot of stuff in the foyer/lobby areas from past events that really highlight some of the cooler events that have taken place at the Mack. I like looking at those, and I always think to myself "Wow, that's pretty cool!" when I see a cool little stat. I think they have fair prices for drinks/food for events, considering how expensive those things seem to be no matter what event you go to. I think I paid $7 for a beer last time I was there, which is a lot better than the $10 I paid at Staples Center. I don't think the food here is amazing, but it's a venue... it's not a flippin' restaurant!My favorite event at the Mack? UNLV Runnin' Rebel basketball games! The energy is insane, the fireworks are awesome, and UNLV has a great basketball program! It's really one of my favorite things to do as a local. I even like taking tourist friends to the Mack if the Rebels are playing! They love it, too!My biggest gripe with this place? The parking lot. It's such a pain to get in and out of this place when it's packed. No joke, it took me like 30 minutes to leave the parking lot the day of my graduation from undergrad. It was nuts. I could've walked home. Blurg.
4	place is always clean...except the bathrooms....they always stink and are hotter then a you know what...other than that this place is pretty sweet for events
3	The best part of the Thomas and Mack is the new parking garage. We came for PBR and left because our tickets were not available. It stinks but I am always a little weary of "free" tickets. Oh well.
3	When i came into this place, i was wowed by the size (thats what she said). Was here for a non-sporting/fighting event (conference), and was pleased with the accommodations. Didn't try the food stands, but there was a lot of water available. Bathrooms are...okay. Seating is relatively well spaced, but then again i was in the balcony because i came late, lol.My name is Boris Yelpsin, and I approve this message.
4	Over the course of many years living in Las Vegas and attending events such as: concerts, rodeos, ice skating shows, and yes, even graduating from high school in the Thomas & Mack center I must say I do appreciate this venue.As of the past few days I have been working at the National Finals Rodeo which is held in the T&M every year. I think the versatility of this venue is key. Connected to T&M is the Cox Pavilion and close by is the garage and plenty of parking. I believe the parking situation is one of the best I have experienced at large events and venues like the T&M.Inside the staff is friendly for the most part and helpful. You rarely run into an usher or an employee who can not either 1. answer your question or 2. find someone who can answer your question.As for the aging of the stadium, I believe it has aged gracefully and UNLV has kept it up and running nicely with plenty of renovations. The outside of the T&M is clean as can be and you can't help but enjoy yourself as you walk up the stairs to the concourse.Whether you're going to root on the Runnin' Rebs or just seeing a concert the T&M is a venue that will not disappoint.
4	I mostly go to the Thomas and Mack for Rebel games and have seen many great games here!  (Post Tarkanian)  It seats 18,400 and has to be one of the best college basketball venues on the west coast!Other than Rebel games; I used to go the Thunder hockey games and I think I saw a Bell Biv Devoe Concert there!The only thing I can say I would change is the men's bathrooms.  The urinals are way to close!  I am not pee shy at all, but when the urinals are so close you are literally rubbing shoulders with the guy next to you - it is weird.  What happened to personal space?  Can we get some dividers in there please?  Also, 20 toilets and 2 sinks to wash your hands?  Go REBELS!
3	Part of me really wanted to give the Thomas & Mack Center 5 stars just because of how awesome the event I attended was (WWE Smackdown). Yes, I know that's embarrassing but I don't really care.Sadly there were some stars that needed to be knocked off starting in the parking lot. The lots were large but there wasn't really any order. The worst of it came when everyone tried to exit at once with no real idea of where to go because the attendants weren't positioned to help. Oops!Another star was knocked off because of an administrative issue with tickets. I'm used to events opening their doors 1 hour before the time listed on the tickets unless otherwise stated. Not only did the door not open an hour beforehand, but there wasn't any note of this on the tickets and we were waiting in the cold for an extra 15-20 minutes for literally no reason. Thanks UNLVTickets!Last but not least was the jackass crotchety usher who wanted to go above and beyond his call of duty to make sure I didn't improve my seats even though there were plenty of open floor seats over an hour into the event. Aside from that the arena has a really intimate feel to it that makes you feel like you are part of the action. That's pretty hard to do in a setting with so many people. Food and liquor was expensive of course but compared to strip prices it seemed like a steal. I will definitely be back the next time the WWE is in town.
3	I have been to the Thomas and Mack on many occasions. 3 of which when I graduated. I have also seen numerous concerts here ranging from Garth Brooks to N'SYNC :) I am a Las Vegas native. On this particular night, however, I was attending a UNLV basketball game. The first thing I always notice about this place is how small it really is. There really isnt a bad seat in the house since it's so cozy but it makes me wonder how they can really hold the NFR in such a small place.. In true Vegas fashion the drinks are insanely overpriced (along with everything else for sale there). UNLV shirts that are on sale at Kohl's for $6 are over 4x that price at the game. I guess that's where the idea of supply on demand comes in. Overall, this place is vintage and holds a lot of value in the hearts of natives. It's the Shark Tank, it's where I first lusted after lip-synching boys who gyrated all over the stage, but in reality.. we should probably bulldoze the Mack and Cox Pavillion and try a little harder on the next arena.
3	From watching NBA summer league games to watching WWE events (Yes, I said it...however I won't say it again) I always found T&M to be a nice little cozy arena.As much as this place gets knocked on for being so small, it's kind of nice because you always have a great view of whatever event is going on.  Outside of the outrageous prices you would expect from most venues, there really isn't anything wrong about the arena.  I mainly have issues with the parking situation, trying to get in at times for an event is ridiculous, and while leaving the WWE event there were no exit signs or paths to get out.  It was just a ton of cars driving in lanes that were dead-ends or would near-collide with other cars.A-OK is perfect for this venue.  I'll continue coming here in the future for other events.#RockBottomedThisReview
4	Went to see a Rebel Basket Ball game.  cool arena.  I didn't realize how deep it was.  don't forget to get your garlic fries and chicken tenders! Cheers!
1	I'm reviewing the center, not the show, as we all know Disney on Ice is always a good time! Well, if you've been knocked up and shacked up long enough... but anyway...It's really easy to park here but crazy getting out, and no matter where you park you are in for a trek to get in. The food vendors are appropriately over-priced, but the food is just dry and stale. If I am slipping up and gorging on junk food it better be worth it damnit! The ushers don't even usher, they just stood there. Most importantly: Our seats were great, but we watched as other people arrived at their seats only to find their view completely blocked by a stage light. You may ask why they would build seats behind the lights? The answer is that they didn't, the center actually brought out foldable chairs, placed them where it is impossible to see, and had the nerve to sell those seats online. There are several spots where this happens, and I watched the same thing unfold repeatedly: a family would arrive, and look distressed. Complain to an usher who shrugged their shoulders. After a bit more complaining a man would come down and talk to the Father of the family (by this point Mom was either calming a crying child or crying herself) and at this point I saw one Dad almost come to blows with the apathetic manager and another simply sit down behind the light and scowl for the rest of the night. It bothered me on principal, just bad business ethics. The manager's continued response seemed to be an attitude of "sucks to be you." Be careful what seats you purchase.
4	Sigh, I heart the T&M.I've been a fan since I was at UNLV for undergrad, and it holds lots of good memories for me.  The parking is plentiful, the bathrooms are clean, the concessions staff is pleasant, the food (and drinks, gotta love that you can get hard alcohol at the T&M) are reasonably priced, and it's the home to the Runnin' Rebels.  It's also a great venue for concerts. I have no real complaints about the T&M as a facility.
4	I'd never been to the Thomas & Mack Center before, even after living in the Las Vegas valley for 4 years.  But I finally went there for the Mountain West Conference Men's Basketball Championship Semifinals to root for my undergraduate alma mater and top seed, San Diego State, and the local team, UNLV's famed Runnin' Rebels, in separate games.  Now that I've been inside the hallowed gray and red walls, I must declare that my general impression of the center is very favorable.  Although we rode along Maryland Parkway and Tropicana Avenue for awhile in vain looking for a parking entrance despite what our apparently confused GPS said, we finally took a chance and followed some cars from Tropicana to the interior of the UNLV campus until we saw the $15 parking sign.  Ouch!  But we had checked in advance to know how much would be extracted from us to park our car while we watched the games.  So the high tariff was not unexpected.  Finding a space was relatively easy 45 minutes before the first tip-off.  But when we left, the Lot Full sign was lit up.  After a 4-block walk from the car, escalators leading to the center entrance were a welcome sight.  And, in Diane and I went.  I also liked the convenience and security of being able to print my tickets in advance, already have them in hand on game day, and gain quick admission through scanning of a bar code on the colorful sheet of paper that served as an official ticket.Once inside we decided to get food right away and take it to our reserved seats to avoid greater crowds later on.  Smart move!  As congested as the corridor circling around the seating areas was, it was jammed with three times the number of people between the two games.  Even though I was pleased to see several food stands, at intermission even the Dairy Queen line was a pack of 40 people 8 deep and 5 rows across.  So, I only got to eat some food at the center early on, and we went to Blueberry Hill right after the conclusion of the games for more.What did surprise me were really steep stairs that had to be ascended to Row M in the balcony weighted down by a leather jacket, BlackBerry, camera, binoculars, Coke, Pulled Pork Sandwich, & Potato Salad from Austin Blues BBQ, bottled water, and bags of both coated almonds and pecans.  I must have looked quite pained making the ascent, because a man seated on the aisle asked if I needed help.  It took all my breath to respond, "No, I can handle it!"  And, at length, I did.The sight lines in the arena were great.  Unlike the LA Forum, where I used to see Michael Jordan square off against Magic Johnson, there were no poles to have to peer around here.  And the atmosphere of happy and alcohol-enhanced sports fans cheering on their favorite team was great, along with the sounds of four different bands and cheerleading squads taking turns performing the whole night.  I just wish so many attendees wouldn't stand up so often--even during some foul shots and time outs--which forced everyone behind them to stand as well in order to see anything below.Leaving the center was relatively easy.  First I waited a few minutes in the car.  But when I saw how quickly cars were leaving the grounds, I joined one of three lanes, and was on Tropicana in less than 5 minutes.  I would not hesitate to frequent Thomas & Mack for a special event again.  National Rodeo and PBR Bull Riding Championships already sound appealing!
4	I have been to Las Vegas many times and one day I discovered if you have that one day of freedom where you don't wanna spend money on steaks in the casino restaurant, high price clubs  in the Wynn hotel, Anything that is going on in the Bellagio or a meeting with some average looking latinas that will give you a massage- You can head to Thomas & Mack Center for various events. It is right across the street from the UNLV campus. Runnin' Rebels games can be seen here or you can go see some WRASSLIN' like I did. I had a good time seeing the WWE here. Seriously it was an impromtu event, just heard they were in town so I took the cab headed here and got the tickets right about 50 minutes till the event began.  It was a smaller arena than say Madison Square Garden of course, so there was great views of everything even in the upper level section. Yeah, I got to see Kane, The Big Red Machine, Randy Orton,  Edge, all those peeps including the doctor of Thuganomics, JOHN CENA.  -This venue was really enjoyable.  I didn't get to see any NBA summer league games here, that is what I ACTUALLY wanted to do from the start.  I only got popcorn from the concession and it was at a reasonable price, nothing too crazy.-  the year of thuganomics! WORD LIFE and it was not even 2003.-I think Las Vegas should eventually get a  bigger arena though and hopefully a pro team.  This arena to me is not big enough to handle a typical NBA type crowd.
5	Full disclosure here ... I lived in Vegas for 25 years, graduated from UNLV and am a die hard Rebel fan.  My review is a bit bias, but I've been in this building over 100 times for various events.The set up for basketball (both college and NBA) is top notch.  The fans are right ontop of the court and the jumbotron ensures you can see all the action if you happen to miss a play.  When UNLV plays at home, the T&M is the hottest ticket in town for many reasons.  With the student section and band feet off the court, this place gets loud and hard for the opposition to play in.  The T&M also is one of the few college venues to serve alcohol which adds fuel to the already crazy UNLV fan base.I've also seen concerts, hockey games and been to a handful of graduations at the T&M.  The set up for all those activities is comfortable and accommodating to nearly all the seats in the house.The facility itself it well kept and has a lot of options for snacks, food and drinks.  There are at least two full bars there, could be more depending on the event.  It's a quick taxi ride away from the airport and the Las Vegas Strip and serves as a great venue on the campus on UNLV.  Capacity for basketball is around 18,000 and about the same for most other events.
4	Great place to come and watch basketball gamesI love basketball so Yeah this a great place to watch the games  college, to pro
2	Good seats for viewing the event from just about everywhere. Great seating!But, try to walk around the concession area before, after or during a game. CROWDED. They built the common spaces way too small. And, the restrooms are too small and too few and far between. When the men's room has a line out the door, and there is barely enough room to stand behind the guy at the urinal, than something was done wrong. Major design flaw. Tight, crammed bathrooms! I would hate to see what the ladies must go through.Also, traffic leaving the venue is about the worst ever seen. You would think Vegas would know how to move people around.
3	As college arenas go, this has ot be one of the top for its age and abilities to host variety of events.Normally i am here for events that involve horses or bulls, this was my first time for an actual basketball game.  Team USA beating up on Dominican Republic. its in the round style building makes sure you don't get lost.  great sight lines from almost any seat int he house and plenty of variety in the concession stands.Pros:  Hosts a variety of events.  Close to the strip.  Not a casino and plenty of parking.Cons:  This was built back when men could hold their liquor and women rarely came to a game.  So always a line for the bathrooms.  Either sex...
5	Well I can't say anything bad about the Thomas & Mack Center.  Not only do I watch my Runnin Rebels play at every home game, but they also have events for all ages like NBA Games, Concerts, boxing fights and shows. There are several unique bars in the concourse and a great view of the strip while you're watching your favorite team play. Go Rebels!
5	Another relatively new stadium at UNLV. Not sure why its getting 3.5 stars! It's clean, has a big entrance, lots of parking, spacious, and theres not a bloody nose section, yay!
3	Old school venue that has a great past. Seats are a bit tight but still ok.Views are pretty good all around.Hope to see another event in the near future.
5	In the house of the Running Rebel   Lets go Rebels
4	I've been to Thomas & Mack for about three different sports events.  I've been in the nosebleed section, but it really didn't feel like that.  I really wish they had better guidelines about DSLR use.  First time I went, they said my camera was too big, but didn't say why.  The second time I went, there was no issue at all.Two things you need to know...1. Parking.  I noticed that people leave early to try and beat the rush to get out of the parking lot.  Guess what?  Everyone else is doing the same thing!  There's no one there directing the traffic or helping to keep it to some semblance of order.  Best thing to do is just take your sweet ass time getting out of there.  If you insist on joining the fray, quit honking!  They're not moving, you're not moving, so what?  2. TSA level touching!  Wheee!!!!
4	Great normal stadium to see concerts, never been for a sporting event, but I'm sure it's good for that too.  Close enough to walk to from the strip, if you're up for a good walk.
5	ive had a lot of memories heckling in the student section. looking back i was surprised they didnt kick us out. haha the new screens look great. the center is well staffed with good people that make sure everyone is safe or needs help. i never really buy the food or drinks here cus its expensive. GO REBELS!
4	The venue was great! They had Wiz Khalifa and Juicy J performing and it was an amazing show. They didn't let me bring in my big canon camera but they were very nice and professional about it. They brought us into the office and they held my camera for me. Staff was very nice and we got to ride a secret elevator to the venue! Only down side... beer was expensive!
4	Awesome stadium!! Mainly because of the lifetime of memories that I've had here :) Seating can be kinda tight at times, but all in all good place to enjoy anything from the Rodeo, to Monster Trucks, to Basketball. All the seating areas have pretty good views as well... Go Rebs!!!
5	100th review!This review is solely based on the UNLV Runnin' Rebel basketball games. The first game I ever went to was the last game of my freshman year which was in February 08'. Yes, that was some time ago, but I won't forget the feeling of how proud I was to be a UNLV student sitting in the student section. UNLV is a commuter school as most of us know, which equals less school spirit. These games really does bring the university together and the city as well. This is the closest we can get to pro sports and I'm glad UNLV has a colorful history of college basketball. You can really feel the history in the air as you listen to the band play Viva Las Vegas and see the name Tarkanian on the floor of the court. Most importantly the 1990 National Championship banner hanging from the ceiling. It saddens me that some of my classmates could care less about these games because they are truly missing out! Even the starting lineup with the fireworks is really impressive and hypes up the crowd, which is supposedly one of the best in college basketball. Although I do not attend the games as religiously as much as I did before, I make sure to be present at least one game each season and so should you!
5	FINALLY THE ROCK HAS COME BACK TO LAS VEGAS!That is right! I came here for Monday Night Raw and had a blast. A few friends were taking their family to see the show and asked me to come along. It has been years since I last watched wrestling, but somethings you don't really grow out of. It might be a new cast of wrestlers, but the soap opera like plots and humorous dialog never grows old. The venue itself is one of my favorites for concerts. I saw the Offspring and Linkin Park here. Both shows were great and coming here for wrestling was just as much fun. The food is reasonable. Nothing phenomenal, but it is all the junk you never allow yourself to eat outside of this setting.
4	Like the previous reviewer, I caught the recent WWE Monday Night Raw here when The Rock FINALLY came back to Vegas - couldn't resist - and even better, when Lesnar came back and punked out VKM. I prefer seeing wrestling in the smaller college venues like T&M - especially the televised shows - because the acoustics are always better and you can follow the important backstage segments better. And the atmosphere is just a bit more intimate, making for better crowd interaction. Our seats were great, and there seems to be a good line of sight all around the arena. Beer selection here was pretty boring - so much so that I didn't even bother to get a beer. But the prices were reasonable for an arena - around $7, much better than the $11.50 they got from me at the US Airways Arena in Phoenix. Food options were OK - the candied nuts I had for a snack were a nice option. I would certainly come back here for an event. It seems like a great venue for a concert or for college hoops as well.
5	The perfectly sized sports arena. There really isn't a bad seat in the house. It packs in about 18k for a basketball game and you don't feel like you're as far away, even in the nosebleeds, when compared to an NBA arena. Other than that I'm pretty sure this place was built by general custer, jesus was born here, and watching a UNLV basketball game here will cure cancer. In all seriousness I've been all over this place, from the locker rooms to the green room, to the Ci Red room. I've sat in the balcony and I've also sat in Gucci Row. I love it, some of it is a bit dated but I love it. This is coming from a UNLV alum so I am a bit biased.And yea... Free Parking for UNLV games! Go tell that to anybody going to the Staples Center for a game..
4	Great venue for sporting events as it is very well maintained and not really a bad seat in the place. Seats are pretty comfortable and not so small you can't get in and out without tripping over everyone else. Of course the food and drinks are well over priced, but you should expect that at any stadium.The parking is normally not too bad, but major games and concerts I would advise to get there early as the primary parking lot fills up quickly and the remote lots means more walking than necessary.
4	I have been coming here to the T&M since I was little. They host a variety of venues. I miss the days of the LV Thunder! This last visit was for the UNLV Rebel game. Tickets were courtesy of Misti Y. and Nacho Daddy on Eastern. Thanks!We pulled into the parking area about 30 minutes before the game and was worried we might not get a spot. We passed back through again and luckily got a spot that wasn't too far away. The walk wasn't the problem it was the c-c-cold wind! Getting inside was smooth with no line or wait. We found our seats and actually really enjoyed them. They were up in the rafters/boonies but let me tell you the view of the court was good enough for me. There really isn't a bad seat in the house. Just before the end of the 1st half me and my man decided to go check out the grub. We ended up with "Smoked Sausage & Fries" and a soda. It was $11 total for both. It tasted pretty good. They have a number of options for food and drinks. The price varies from reasonable to not so reasonable. The Rebels won the game! Yay! It was a nail biter at the end but, our rebs pulled off the winning shot in the last 10 seconds. Woot!Parking is free for Rebel games.... Score!
4	Only been for two Runnin Rebel basketball games, so I don't know if concert setups are any better or different. There is not a bad seat in the place and there are plenty of vendor options. Place is well maintained. Nothing spectacular, but nothing negative. Parking seemed adequate.
4	Has it really been that long ago since my last visit to Thomas & Mack? Prior to this week's visit, it's been close to 20 years since I watched a Rebels game in Thomas & Mack.  We received free tickets from Yelp Elite Event (courtesy of Nacho Daddy) and couldn't pass up the opportunity.  It's all about the Runnin' Rebels out here and I've been a fan since the Tarkanian days with Larry Johnson, Anderson Hunt, Greg Anthony, and Stacy Augmon.  You can't go wrong watching a game here.  First of all, the arena is not the biggest which is good if you're like me sitting in nosebleed.  The view of the court isn't bad at all from these high altitudes too.  To be honest, the arena pretty much looks the same as it did years ago. Even though the arena is older, it seems to be kept in pretty good shape. As for parking, I didn't think it was bad at all and it's free.  Regardless of the venue, what really makes a good game and great atmosphere is the fans. Here are Thomas and Mack, there no shortage of the Scarlet and Gray Rebel Reign. Rebels! Rebels! Rebels!
4	The parking situation here is a bit ridiculous.Other than the parking, the Thomas & Mack is a great venue. Not too big, but not too small. Great place to see a concert, watch college sports, and the various other traveling arts shows that come into town.
3	Rebel Games at the Mack are 5 Star events, hands down!  Scarlet. Gray. Every Day!...but the T & M...it is old.  They have done a lot to keep it up to date, but there is only so much that can be done.  There is nothing bad or horribly uncomfortable about going to the T & M.  It is just outdated.  Our city will never see another NBA All-Star Game at the Mack...I'm guessing that NFR will be in jeopardy at some point in the near future.So I think at this point it is the event that makes or breaks your visit here.  As a kid the arena itself was something special...one of the largest and newest around.  I might be dating myself, but I was at the Mack when Kareem Abdul-Jabbar broke the all-time scoring record against the Jazz with a baseline sky hook!   The T & M was a happening place then. ...now?...it abides, it does what it needs to do without with flashes of glory here and there, but nothing to bring me out to an event just because it is at the T & M.Parking needs help still.  I still prefer to plan a little walk to avoid the parking mess.  Come here for Rebel Games!  Come here to see a concert, graduation, sporting event, or children's event...but come here for the event and not the venue.  In fact, let's get something new that lives up to our cities lack of aging hotels and memories of yesteryear.
4	This place knows how to throw a party!  Full bar service, drinks reasonably priced, and super friendly bartenders all around.  The food is not stellar, but it's edible, considering that it's probably frozen, prepared food.  But if you are watching basketball all day long, it's a good way to take the edge of your vodka tonics.  Very friendly staff, nice building, all around great experience.
4	As a UNLV basketball season ticket holder this place was a 3rd home for me this winter.  I've been to plenty of arenas across the country (both college & pro) and we are very lucky to have the Thomas & Mack in Vegas.First off, how cool are the beer taps at the concession stands which fill the beer from the bottom, quickly, without foam to keep the line going.  I'm not a drinker myself, but that still is the coolest thing!i've never paid to park in the lot during a UNLV game which is also very rare in the sports world.  Normally it's at least $10 within a couple blocks of a stadium in a major city, not free only across the street!They have kept the place decently clean with renovations, it's not the most high-tech or luxurious arena, but there is a reason we host the Mountain West Tourney every year (or maybe it's just because we're in Vegas and not middle of no-where Colorado)
4	Where else can you catch a sporting event or concert for less than $20?  With lots of parking and reasonably priced food and drinks, this is the place to be to watch all your favorite artists that are not headliners on the strip.  I just recently watched the SWV and Joe concert... it was well worth it.
4	Saw a UNLV men's basketball game here, now that I've seen concerts and a sporting event, I can say that while it is a token shaped stadium, it has great acoustics and energy.
4	Went here for the NBA Summer League game with Golden State Warriors against the Charlotte Bobcats. We definitely don't have these types of games in Hawaii so it was quite a treat.The stadium was pretty empty so we were free to roam around to get closer seats. Cool. There were a sufficient amount of bathrooms conveniently located and food vendors all around. Extra cool. It has a different feel from Hawaii's Stan Sheriff and I hate to compare,  which is why I gave 4 and not 5 stars. Next time I hope to catch the USA basketball game, as I justttt missed it. Darn it.
4	This review is for the WWE Smackdown event.  It started at 7 pm but we didn't arrive until closer to 8 pm.  Found several parking spots up close.  The parking attendants and security were all friendly.  The escalator going up was out of order, that's the only reason why I didn't give 5 stars.  The attendants checked my purse for bottles, alcohol and I guess weapons.  Glad I didn't bring my flask like I started.  Inside is very nice and clean.  Hot dogs, nachos and beer to start.  Also served alcohol, my double jack and coke was good.  Most people were already seated.  Our seats were towards the top, in portal 27, row M.  Everyone I encountered working there was very nice.  I was amazed at how clear we could see the stage.  Glad I only bought the $23 seats.  There were some folks in our seat but they left with no problems when we got there.  Only problem was the stupid guy who kept holding up the Vegas sign.  We yelled at him to put the sign down several times, I even told the attendant who said he had already been warned and I could make a complaint with some other department.  My son had so much fun, the arena went crazy with YES chants when Daniel Bryan came out.  We left a little before the last match was over to avoid the crowds.  Stopped at bathroom and surprised it was so clean.  Leaving was a breeze, parked near the exit and the parking attendants used flares to guide traffic.  Had a blast.
4	Came here for the Bradley vs Marquez fight. Im excited because this was my first ever live boxing match and my first time ever at T and M. Was all ready to pay for parking but pleasantly found out that you didn't have to. Parking was half full but we had a disabled person with us so we got to park right in front of the arena. Like all hyped up epic boxing matches, there are always undercards that go before the main event so that whatever drama that has been building up since its announcement can marinate in everybody's minds. Of course, until the main event comes around, the arena is only half full. It's like a party atmosphere until then no matter who is on the undercard. I would say about 3/4 of the crowd were Mexican pulling for Marquez. Lots of Mexican flags being waved around not the mention all the cervezas flowing.The sound system is nice and loud especially when they play music for introductions and videos played on the big screens. The only bad thing was that when they actually spoke into the mics, it wasn't as loud and not very clear.What makes this a 4 instead of a 5 star review is not because of the lousy mics, its because of the lousy overall design of the parking lot logistics. Earlier, we were ecstatic because we scored a disabled parking spot. Only problem was that getting out was a total nightmare. Since we were basically parked in front of the entrance of the arena, a massive amount of attendees were all over the place walking back to their car. This was probably the only time that cars did not have the right of way. You had people all over the place walking around like zombies. Yes you had parking attendees directing you where to go but it didn't matter because the people walking around didn't care if you were trying to get out of the parking lot. They just kept on walking like there were no cars at all rolling around. This definitely has to be redesigned. Im sure this is not as bad as a problem at other arenas.Overall, I had fun up until we had to leave. Maybe next  time we we just wont park so close to the arena. Oh btw, the fight went the full 12 rounds and Bradley won by split decision.
4	Since I am UNLV Alumna, the T&M Center feels like home. As students, we commonly parked in the T&M lot and were subjected to event parking closures. Most of the events I've attended were and are UNLV Men's Basketball games. I've also attended a concert, Disney on Ice performances, Lakers pre-season games, Harlem Globetrotters, and my very own college graduation.It's a large, flexible venue. It may seem different inside pending the type of performance. The upper section never changes, obviously, however, sometimes it isn't utilized. So, seating recommendations aren't general. The upper section is actually decent during basketball games if you're in center court. Prices have been really reasonable for all events that I've attended. Plus, you have a lot of seating and pricing options. The seats are on the smaller side (probably the same size as most arenas).During these events, parking is daunting. Even getting to the venue can be daunting. Traffic backs up in the airport tunnel and Tropicana, which is already a mess, gets even crazier. We usually take alternate routes to get to UNLV, but change it up. Parking is available in the lot in front of T&M, the parking garage adjacent to the T&M lot, and sometimes they'll open up the empty lot on Swenson. There's always people directing traffic, so no worries about where to go. My only advice is arrive early! You have a long walk from the far end of the lot to the actual venue.Tickets can be conveniently purchased via unlvtickets.com, but beware the miscellaneous fees and convenience charges. If you can, you may be better off picking them up in person!Everything is easy to locate (bathrooms, concessions). There's a cool Jack Daniels bar and other themed or sponsored bars. The food is good and bad. The "Rebel" dogs are Hebrew National (delicious) and offer the good condiments, the chicken strips are breast meat and decent, and popcorn is tasty (although salty). The bad: the hamburger, fries, and Italian sausage and peppers sandwich. I haven't tried the BBQ stand yet, but I probably won't. Prices are typical to allow for fundraising schools and teams to work the stands. Hot dog ($4), popcorn ($3), large soda ($4). There is an ice cream stand serving Dippin' Dots (small, $4 and large, $6) and other ice cream bars (CASH ONLY). The built-in stands take credit cards!
5	After living in Vegas for 3 years I recently made my first visit to the Thomas & Mack. I was there for a WWE house show and the WWE's VIP Superstar Experience...which was super expensive but an awesome experience in it's own right. As part of the WWE VIP Experience I got to go inside part of the Executive Offices and into a small part of the arena most of the public never sees. While this arena may be dated by some standards this is a venue that Vegas should be proud of. First off it's the cleanest arena I've stepped foot in, ever! Next, the lines for concessions were some of the faster ones I've experienced. And even the restrooms, while tightly spaced on the mens side were very well maintained and were clean. I also have to give a special mention to the security staff I got to meet, and the front office staff. Friendly, helpful, and with some of the best attitudes I've encountered in a venue / arena in a very long time..the staff made quite the impression with me. Recently the local media reported plans are afoot to do some renovations to the Thomas & Mack. Normally I'm a fan of tear it down and build new but there's just a certain energy and attitude to this place that can't really be explained. From the PBR pics on the walls in the non-public areas to the staff attitude and positive spirit I liked my visit and I can't wait to go back for another event. 5 Stars for an arena? I try not to hand out 5 Star reviews anymore but the Thomas & Mack just blew me away with one heck of a first impression. 5 Stars - All earned. Parking...or traffic control is the only negative experience I've had but even then I was out of the parking lot in under 10 minutes. Compare that to my 3 hours to get out of LVMS after a NASCAR race and I can't complain.
4	As a spoiled spectator at the Staples Center, I am really picky about arenas. Thomas and Mack is great and I hope the Mountain West Conference Tournament continues to be held there. The staff from the box office to those scanning tickets all seem to be nice, helpful, and full of personality. My favorite part is the museum like feel as you walk around the arena. Old memorabilia and photos like all of the walls with previous events and old sports team, including an old Las Vegas roller hockey team. The floor for the tournament this year was beautiful. An awesome neutral representation of the conference and not nearly as annoying as that floor up in Oregon. Another perk was how they dimmed the lights up top so that the court was lit up more, I love this effect. This may not be the newest arena ever, but I love this place and look forward to next year!
4	This is a nice arena. It is small enough that there is not really a bad seat. The seats are more spacious than your average arena or stadium. There is plenty of parking and the lot is easily accessible off of Swenson St.
5	Thomas and Mack Center is located next to he airport. It is always good to arrive extra early due to all the traffic in the area.
3	As others have said, there really isn't a bad seat in the house here. Even in the nosebleeds of section 211, I could clearly see what was going on down below in the ring for WWE Monday Night Raw.Lots and lots of food and drink options here, and bathrooms were clean and monitored when I visited. Pricing is on par with every other stadium you've been to. Will-call window was surprisingly organized with several small lines rather than one enormous one, which I felt was unusual.Security seems pretty lax. I was looked at and waved through by the guys checking bags and wanding people, and no one was in our section to help folks find their seats- so people were openly sitting wherever and just moving when ticketholders showed up.
4	I go to UNLV, so one star is automatically added. It's a small arena, so even if you buy the cheapest seat, you can still enjoy the full view. Arena was kept clean including bathroom areas, and ushers were well trained and courteous. Food/beverage aspect: nothing spectacular... Overpriced junk food such as nachos, chicken fingers, hot dogs, dippin dots, pretzels, etc... made by people who doesn't necessarily practice food sanitation correctly. They didn't give us receipts and forgot our order, some people got wrong items... so make sure you ask for receipts.
4	I attended a convention at UNLV.  The section that I sat in was section 117.  The seats were all connected which was not too comfortable.  If one person moved a lot then the people in that section could feel them moving.  If you have to stand up and sit back down often then you would tend to knee the seat in front of you.   I did not purchase anything from the concession stands so I can't speak on that.  The bathrooms were pretty clean.  There was an attendant actually standing at the bathroom door and she insured that things were cleanily.
5	Located on the campus of UNLV, I have been to business expos here, I have been to sports events here, all very well run. Parking is not a problem, so there is that. Food is reasonably priced, hey you are at a sports arena after all. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Nice venue! Seen it all here from UNLV games, rodeo, music concerts, wrestling events and conventions. It's a nice place for an arena type of event.
4	Parking isn't bad (cost and distance), food is decent, and nearly every seat in the house is good -- what else do you want?  Plus, the product is great!  I've seen 4 UNLV Rebel games, and I loved every moment.  For a great College game experience, it's hard to beat.  Even in Vegas, it feels has the college feel.They have plenty to eat (albeit, not very healthy), including: Pizza, Hot Dogs, Subs, Burgers, Nachos, Sausages, Garlic Fries, and a variety of beers and specialty drinks.  I recommend a brat with garlic fries and a beer -- good!Tips:1.  Will call - it's easy and pretty efficient.2.  Parking - arrive at least 30 mins before (~45 mins is better)3.  If you prefer to eat before/after arrival, walking would be far.  Best to drive.4.  Good for the family.
