4	I have now played Longbow three times (twice in 2009, and once in 2010).  I do have to say it's a fine course for all tastes.I can't say it's a 5 star course, because it doesn't have quite the scenery and/or elevation changes that some that are nearer to the mountains have.  But it has enough interesting holes to make it a unique experience.It's not a gimmicky course by any means.  The course is more or less flat, with enough mounding on the fairways and around the greens to make it challenging.  One major advantage this course has is that there are not any houses on the course.  This means you don't have to worry about breaking anything if you like to slice the ball; the worst that can happen is that you lose your ball in the desert.I also really like the fast greens.  These greens are among the fastest and the truest I've played, and it's really a delight to putt on them.This is a great course for a cheap afternoon round during the summer.  For $40, you are probably better off going a few miles down the road to Las Sendas, but sometimes in the afternoon rates can be had for under $30.
3	There is one thing that all golfers do - change their swings - sometimes as often as every hole.  I was in the midst of a swing change, and wanted to find a fairly innocuous course that would allow me some leeway on not losing to many balls.  I had heard that Longbow was fairly straight forward - somewhat challenging, but not a course that required several sleeves of balls. Although it was in the middle of summer, I was pleasantly surprised. It was a well cared for course, the fairways were well tended, and the greens were true.  Even though it was kind of a desert course, the large expanses of sand were on the sides of the fairways, and even if you hit it into them, there were manageable.The staff was friendly, and very helpful.  As part of the OB Management, they honor the OB cards from various golf courses, so the price is very inexpensive.Only two things that were out of the ordinary - (1) most of the other OB golf clubs include balls with the greens fees - Longbow does not; and (2) they do not give you keys to the carts until your tee time.  This is very inconvenient for those that are older - they have to carry their bags to the practice areas. Although it wasn't a problem for me, I did hear several people comment on it.All in all, quite a pleasant experience. Not many carries, a very nice course, with interesting, if not challenging holes (that is, if you can keep your tee shots straight). Plus it is near an airport, so you can constantly have planes taking off and landing over the course.  Since they are small planes, it is very interesting - especially the vintage planes.  Another plus is that there are no homes on the course.I will make a point to return - especially when I am working on swing changes.
5	If you are looking for a desert golf course this is your place. On the course you will see rabbits, ground squirrels, lizards, and maybe even a snake or two. There are cacti everywhere and lots of other natural Arizona plants. The clubhouse is very nice, and so is the restaurant and bar area. The guys who work the clubhouse can be a little off putting and act like they don't see you for some reason. Other than the time we got yelled at for taking our cart out to the car. My partner had bad knees and couldn't really walk that far so we drove out to the car. When I drove back I got yelled at by some kid working there. I couldn't believe how loud he yelled and how rude he was. He almost got a five iron up the side of his head. Back to the course, which is a course I love to play. This is a challenging course there are dog legs all over the place and you really have to hit it on target or you will be hitting from the desert. But the fairways are usually kept in very good condition along with the greens. They can play very fast or slow depending on what time you are playing but they are nice. I generally play during the summer because I am a Arizona local and don't mind playing in the heat and its much cheaper to play then. Also Falcon Field is an airport which is kiddie corner to the course so you might have planes flying over but it's no big deal. Sometimes you will see old bombers or cool planes like that fly over and its fun to watch in my opinion. Overall I really like Longbow, the course is kept up very nicely, the clubhouse is one of the nicest around and the course will challenge almost any golfer. They have a nice driving range and a big putting and chipping area to warm up on. I would recommend that you play Longbow if you area in the area.
4	Ahh Longbow, one of my faves!I love courses with no homes.Played yesterday, last minute decision and got out @ 2:08.Played with a Father (85 years young) & son, I envied the son, wish I still had my Dad around to golf with.The course is in very nice shape, greens are getting a bit rough but still roll true. It took us well over 2 hrs for the front and we went back and redid the front so we could get 18 in and we did. Thoroughly enjoyed the course & company, and the highlight was seeing a Bobcat on the 3rd hole.
4	Longbow is one of those Phoenix-area courses, like Vista Verde and Southern Dunes, than live under the shadows of more renown and expensive courses like Troon North, We-Ko-Pa, Superstition Mountain and the Boulders. Longbow doesn't present the player with drastic elevation changes or jaw-dropping scenic views, but  it is a superb tract of desert golf.   Like Copper Canyon and Southern Dunes, both of which I played recently, the course is manicured to perfection with both green fairways and rough, throughly-raked bunkers, nicely-cut tee boxes and slick but true greens.  There are no gimmicks at play here other than recurring desert washes that force the player to contemplate club selection on a number of holes.  But beware:  The holes here are cut alot less wider than most Arizona courses.    Water is present on a few holes and hitting the ball slightly offline to either the left or right can leave you wet, lost, beached or hitting from some awful lie.  The pace of play was excellent, the proshop staff was welcoming and accomodating and the cart girl was ever present up until 4 in the afternoon.   For quality and price, Longbow is tough to beat.
2	I'm going to have to call this course "LongRound" from now on.  No excuse for a near five hour round.  There was a ranger, but he just was a sightseer.
4	Went to play Longbow GC this past weekend and I really enjoyed myself. I wanted to get outside of the normal Scottsdale courses and play something different, and Longbow really delivered a great time.The staff was really friendly, the facilities were nice, and the carts have GPS which is always a plus. The layout of the track was challenging but not so difficult that you wanted to break your clubs every other hole. Lots of desert off of the fairways but not the kind that you can't find your ball in when you slice or hook it into the area.Considering it's the end of summer I thought that it was in great shape and I can see how it would be amazing once peak season hits. Definitely recommend Longbow GC for an overall great golf experience.
5	awesome
4	I've only played here once but I was pretty shocked a course like this exist in Mesa.  It was slammed that for some kind of golf event, so stands where everywhere.  The clubhouse didn't seem to impressive but all I care about is the course, it was fun.
2	This is a mixed review. The 2 stars could easily be changed and turned to a 4 or 5 with some work in the clubhouse, and minor changes. Here's my story... I was playing in the afternoon, 3:04 pm to be exact. After we paid the higher than normal fees for summer rates for the area, we then were informed to have the carts back by 6 cuz they close at 6. So, we can't get a full round in, paid the same for an afternoon rate that we'd have gotten at noon. No twilight rate?!? Absurd. And the guy in clubhouse waited for us to pay, then remind us. Not when we booked it, or walked in. Then he made the comment that "if you hurry, you could make it" Who wants to rush and hurry in golf. It should be enjoyed. So the next complaint- absolutely NO water for drinking on the course. I don't call the drinking fountains acceptable in AZ summer heat. You could've made hot tea with that water out of the fountains. And NO bev cart. This is understandable for the bev cart during the slow summer season, but please keep the holes stocked with fresh cool water for drinking. Especially during the July AZ summers. All in all, the course was in great shape. I wouldn't mind paying higher summer rate since course was in great shape. I will return only because I work across the street.
