4	The polio vaccine. Plymouth Rock.The earth is round.A list of great human discoveries would not be complete without, perhaps, the most important of all.NEVER use the regular cashiers at Walgreen's. Go directly to the cosmetics counter. Cue the heavenly muzak. Yes, yelpers, I NEVER wait for my Snore Strips, Snicker bars or Burt's Bee's Lip Balm. I grab and buy. Otherwise you're behind the lady with the coupons. And she's still cuttin them out. Or the five pimple faced teenagers. All paying separately. Or, the worst, someone who apparently is stocking their bomb shelter and has two carts full of crap.NEVER. Just go to the cosmetics counter. Tell 'em Thomas S. sent ya!
5	I'm giving 5-stars to this Walgreen's for the exemplary service I received at the drive-through pharmacy today.First of all, let me say that my pharmacy experience is colored by the typically lousy experience I get at the Fry's Marketplace pharmacy near my house. In the case of Fry's, they typically ignore you when you come to the window, take 40-minutes to fill any prescription - even something that's in a box and all they have to do is pull it off the shelf. I've even had them take 40-minutes and then tell me that they were out of the medicine and I needed to go to another store.Enough about Fry's - eventually I'll write a review of them - and back to today's tremendous experience at Walgreen's.Because my in-law's are currently out of town, I agreed to pick up a prescription for my wife's grandmother and deliver it to her nursing home. My mother-in-law told me that I could just go through the drive-through and get it. Unfortunately, when I got there it turned out the refill had never been ordered. Luckily, the pharmacist looked in the computer, determined the needed medication, put in the refill and told me it would be ready in 20-minutes.I took my kids to run another errand and then came back to the store. When we came back to the drive-through, the first pharmacist still couldn't find the prescription in the system. However, instead of giving me the brush-off, as the would have at Fry's, she went and found the pharmacist I had talked with 20-minutes earlier. As it so happened, that pharmacist was in the midst of filling the prescription and they had the medication to me in less than 5-minutes.Despite the fact that Fry's is just around the corner, I may be transferring the family prescriptions to Walgreen's. It's a nice change to deal with people who actually make the extra effort and who seem to care,
5	This has nothing to do with Walgreens unfortunately. I've only had pleasant experiences there but everyone knows what Walgreens stores are about. Instead, I'm going to fill you in on a little known secret. Or at least to me. And I'd like to think I'm a glass half full of culture kind of guy. Three words: Trojan vibrating ring! Holy. Mother. Yes, the 16 year old check out dude will wonder why you're buying it at 1:13 PM on a Wednesday afternoon but do you really feel like you need to hide your pleasure seeking ways from him. Make him jealous.
5	Update:This is the only useful yelp I've ever written! How could only one person find this useful? I don't understand...
3	This review is for the Take Care Clinic. If you are (were) like me and had no idea how it works or if it's legit, here you go:About once a year I find myself in need of minor medical attention and without a primary care physician. I usually skirt the issue by having plenty of family in the medical profession that can call me in a prescription for whatever ailment I have self-diagnosed (ear infection, sinus infection, worse than usual allergies, etc.) It's not that I wouldn't love a primary care physician to call my own - he would be old, gentle and white haired (not hasty, distracted, a bad listener or curt, like most doctors). But I am a generally healthy procrastinator, so when I had a cold that I suspected was turning into a sinus infection, I couldn't wait three weeks to six months for an opening at an office -- that is, of course, if they're accepting new patients at all. So this Walgreens business - though strange, I admit - appealed to my urgency. It's an urgent care, basically, with a nurse practitioner on staff at more reasonable hours than a doctor's office, slightly less convenient hours than an ER or UC. It seems like a good bet when you pretty much already know what's wrong and you just need the appropriate signature to get the drugs you need to get better faster.I called to make sure they took my insurance and was told the copayment would be the same as a specialist. The deal is you walk in - no appointments, ever - and sign yourself in at the kiosk. Basic info only: name, number, zip, and check from list of typical maladies and then it gives you a wait time. In my case - 1 hour, 20 minutes. So at this point I'm at the same wait and cost as Urgent Care. Bummer.Luckily I work just across the street, so go back to the office for an hour and come back. Of course, my name was called while I was gone. So I re-enter at the kiosk (frustrating that there is no actual person to address concerns) and am given no wait time this go round. So I just sit and wait. About 10 minutes later the nurse emerges and bc there was no one ahead of me this time, I'm taken to a back room where we go thru the rigmarole that front desk admin usually takes care of before hand, so that took another 10 minutes.We finally get to the medical assessment, which was taking my temp., checking my lungs and heartbeat and looking in my ears, nose and throat. That took about three minutes and my self diagnosis was confirmed. She entered my prescriptions into the computer which is automatically sent right out to the pharmacy outside and I'm done. Oh, turns out my copay was less than I was told, which was nice. (If you don't have insurance it's like $70 - yowza!)All in all, it was convenient in a pinch and got my drugs same day. The nurse was nice enough. But I'll still put "find a primary care physician" on my to-do list.Also, as someone noted, this location attracts a lot of crazies and weirdos - perhaps bc of its proximity to the LR station and Central Ave in general.
1	I hate this fucking stinky ghetto shithole. My car was broken into here in broad daylight. There's always unsavory characters lolling about, and that's just the people that work there. They roll one distrustful eye up towards you (the other obscured by emo fringe) and glare at you for even daring to disturb them. As for the people that shop here, if you stand too close, you will probably catch lice and get exposed to tuberculosis in one shot. Every time I come here, without fail, there is some sorry sack of shit at the pharmacist counter, trying to convince them they just "lost" their written prescription for Vicodin, or their Percocets got "stolen", all with Emmy-award winning shows of anguish and pain. So you're asking now why I even come here, and I don't blame you. I work long hours, and this is the closest 24-hour pharmacy to my humble abode. Sometimes, a girl doesn't have time to  drive to a first-world facility. What can I do, except clutch my bag extra close, scared-old-lady style, and take an extra long shower with extra disinfecting soap when I get home.
4	This review is for the Take Care Clinic at Walgreen's.After getting over the flu a few weeks ago, I still had plugged up ears. I self-diagnosed myself with either a brain tumor or an ear infection. I looked up the closest Take Care Clinic, and took a drive down to Central and Osborn.The clinic is in the far back corner, near the pharmacy. When you get back there, you have to check in using one of three computers, it is fast and easy. Next, you need to pick up a clipboard and fill out your info, much like you would at a doctor's office. I did my part, and then went and waited. There is not much of a waiting area, it kind of blends into the pharmacy waiting area.After about an hour, the Nurse Practitioner, Tina, called me back. They have a private exam room, fully equipped, exactly like your doctor's office. Tina was VERY kind and warm, and took her time asking lots of questions. If you are unfamiliar with Nurse Practitioners, allow me to tell you how much they rock. To become a NP, you must have years of nursing experience, including critical care, ER, etc. After years of experience and education, then one may attend college to earn a NP masters degree. One of the best things about NPs is that they take a holistic approach to patient care. For example, I have a primary care physician, who really, really sucks. When I have an appointment, she LITERALLY brings in a digital timer set for five minutes- and then starts talking. It was amazing to see her press the timer button prior to asking why I was there.At Take Care, the NP didn't just check my ears, she did a comprehensive exam, full vitals, etc. Luckily nothing else was going on with me, but I am confident that other issues would have been discovered by Tina.My diagnosis was correct, ear infection, not tumor- which was nice.Overall, I would highly recommend this location, and Tina, as a health care provider. I am seriously going to just stick with that as my primary care, and skip the egg timer doctor who only likes to write scripts for things, not deal with the source of problems.Some people have noted that the area is sketchy, and with all due respect, that is silly. This is in a populated area, it is safe. Are there people of all walks there? Sure. Is it safe, absolutely. My only recommendation would be that Take Care hire a medical tech to assist with checking people, helping turn around the exam room, etc. As a tip, it can get busy, so get there very early. They take tons of insurance, and my visit was only $15.
3	Friendly and helpful. But beware a homeless lady lives in the womens bathroom, they say they know shes there. She has a shopping cart there with all her stuff. Shes friendly, but she was hanging out in the only stall eating popcorn when I had to pee.
3	What can I say, this is a Walgreens. They are conveniently open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week with a 2 lane drive-thru pharmacy. I primarily come to this Walgreens to pick up my prescription and my experience is always hit-or-miss. The pharmacy can be EXTREMELY SLOWWWW. Especially if you come here at night since they are located near the hospitals so there is usually a small line of people filling prescriptions. I had one experience probably 6 months ago where I decided to go inside the store one night so I could pick up a soda or something with my prescription. There were maybe 3 or 4 people in line in front of me. I waited in line for over half an hour. During this time, any car that went through the drive thru was being served more promptly than the people standing there in line. When I finally got to the counter, the staff member was very apologetic that I had to wait so long, although I know it was not her fault, they were just severely understaffed. I do have to say though, that in recent months, they have been more efficient with their operations whenever I have come through here.
5	I love my Walgreen's pharmacy! Always open, fast. The computer calls me to remind me for refills and I get the 90 day prescriptions to save trips. I went there today for my son with only partial info on his Insurance (no card) they took care of everything with no hassles and had it filled quick.
5	The take care clinic is a life saver!!Last weekend I was visiting my family for Mother's Day weekend. I stayed 2 nights at a hotel and was attacked by bed bugs. Fortunately, I didn't bring them back to Arizona. Seven days after the initial contact the bites have swelled and become painful. Dr. Lani said my bites became infected due to a bacteria one of the bugs was carrying. GROSS!!!!!! I showed up without an appointment and without insurance. An hour later I was seen by the doctor and given 2 prescriptions all for under $150. Thank you Walgreens Take Care Clinic.
1	I just left this Walgreens where the pharmacist on duty discriminated against me and publicly humiliated me. This is what happened. I'll try to be as detailed as possible, as this review may be used in court one day. First, let me say I have a chronic condition and I am a polite and easy-to-get-along-with "regular" of this pharmacy. I've never had an issue before tonight. Efran, who I normally deal with in the pharmacy, is a great guy- super friendly and always smiling. Monica, the manager, was very responsive and polite when I called her tonight. Hopefully, she will resolve the pharmacist's problem.However:I badly injured my finger and it became infected. It is swollen to triple size and a doctor had to slice it open today to drain the puss. The doctor used zero anesthetic, but he had good reason. That's another story.So he gave me a prescription for 15 Vicodin and 20 antibiotics. I wasn't picking up 200 Oxycontin tablets or doing anything weird. It was a small amount of pain pills and antibiotics to match. My injury was also very visible on my right hand.I was asked for ID, which is understandable, because I was picking up a regulated narcotic. I get that.So I hand the pharmacist a government issued photo ID. The government ID had a matching address to my prescription. In addition to that, I had an ASU student ID, a credit card (that I was paying for the prescriptions with), and my insurance card ...and I also had a visible injury. A visibly infected injury on my hand, and I was picking up the exact prescription that would match the physical evidence.What I'm trying to say is that it was crystal clear that I was who I claimed to be.However, the photo ID that I showed was unique. Only certain people get to carry it. I am not saying my ID was a green card (and I'm not saying it wasn't), but a green card would be an example of a government photo ID that is not commonly shown.But if you are visiting from a foreign country, for example, and you are here legally, you should be able to get prescriptions that you need. I know that Arizonans aren't fond of illegal aliens, but people that are here legally should be able to get medication if they are sick.Not at this Walgreens. The pharmacist declared, in front of witnesses, that they won't serve everyone. If you are visiting this country, go elsewhere. The pharmacist at this Walgreens will not help you.Upon inspecting my government issued, legal photo ID (that the bank accepts by the way), the pharmacist said, "I'll take it this time, but next time, you'll need an ID from the DMV."From the DMV! Can you believe it? She actually said "from the DMV." I said: "That's a legal government-issued photo ID. You can't deny me."She then arrogantly proclaimed: "I am the pharmacist and that is our policy! We need an ID from the DMV!"I protested, because, since I don't drive, just going to the DMV is a tremendous pain in the butt. And what law says that you need DMV ID? Who says that you are required to visit the DMV ever? As far as I know, you just need to be able to prove that you are here legally. My ID proved I was here legally. And again, it was government issued photo ID.Upon me protesting, she snatched my prescriptions from the cashier (all on videotape) and said, "Then I won't give them to you if you want to argue!"Okay, so this girl has a power-struggle issue. I get it. I'm in agony, and I know when I am dealing with a nut-job, so I satisfied her narcissism and agreed that yes, she was the pharmacist and no, my ID wasn't good enough. And she handed me my prescriptions. Thank God. You see, it was never about the ID. Otherwise, I wouldn't have my Vicodin right now. It was about exerting control over a customer. A regular customer that has spent over a thousand dollars in that store, in 2012.She actually held pain medication over my head, until I agreed to her illegal, discriminatory policy.So, in a state of duress, desperate, I relented. I said, "Okay. I agree." (clenching my teeth in agony)As I was walking out, I turned to her and said, "I am now going to write a review online."She replied: "Good! Go ahead. And now we will never serve you again." She went over to the computer and publicly announced that she will make a note on my account and that I can't get prescriptions from there anymore. Again, humiliating me in public.And what did I do? Absolutely nothing. I did nothing wrong. I never even swore or called her a bad name. All on videotape.I am contacting an attorney first thing Monday morning. Good luck Walgreens.
4	With its remodeling, this Walgreens has undergone a strange and wonderful transformation that is probably best viewed at 11 p.m. on the night before a major holiday. I may have to go back on Christmas Eve to confirm this hypothesis.The deal here is that drugstores, convenience stores, dollar stores, grocery stores, and discount department stores (Target, Walmart) all want each other's business and are gradually transforming into one another. So this Walgreens is sort of a baby Walmart: smaller! cuter! friendlier! oh-so-adorbs! let's chuck it under its sweet dimpled chin and buy lots of seasonal candy!While rival CVS has gone the route of wide aisles with cheerful-yet-strangely-useless signage, Walgreens is packing the merchandise in. The experience is much more like the drugstores I remember fondly as a child: narrow aisles, tons o' stuff, and you never know what you'll find. It has gone hogwild for minor convenience electronics -- the stuff like car adapters and chargers where it's a pain to figure out what store even to try. Also: walls of Ferro Rocher! There may be a real niche here for "what I want is too specialized for QT or Circle K to carry it, but if I have to face Walmart or the grocery store or the mall, I'm gonna cry" shoppers. Keep an eye out for the house brands that are now being featured prominently (nice!, de-lish, savings with a smile), as the pricing on these can be really, really good. In a sensible move, this Walgreens has recognized that people who are buying cat litter, batteries, lipstick, cold medication, bourbon, and orange juice at 4 a.m. are not people in any shape to figure out how to queue. The cash registers are approached by a cattle run built from candy and small-electronics displays, and as a person who's recently endured the Camelback/16th CVS's Queue of Mass Confusion, I am grateful that there is no ambiguity about where to line up and who's next.I want to see what happens with the displays when Christmas is no longer dominant before I get too giddy, but this store looks to have become a lot of fun.
4	Walgreen's stores are all about the same. However the improvements they have given to this one are pretty awesome. You can see a nurse, get your Rx, buy some yummy soup, snag a toy or two, pick up some toilet paper you have needed to get for a few days, gawk at the candy and swoop up a slushy all at the same location and in no time at all. Walgreen's as been a life saver at 3 in the morning on several occasions.
4	I love this location, very clean, helpful staff.
5	This Walgreens was in major need of renovation and boy did they hit this one out of the park. Walgreens new company style and service has far exceeded my expectations with this location. I've been here numerous times for numerous reasons and have never been disappointed with selection and customer service. I highly recommend anyone who wants to check out the new revamped Walgreens at this location.
4	Went to the pharmacy and got the DTap vaccine today (diphtheria, tetanus, and pertussis) and it was a super fast pleasant experience. I opted for the pharmacist to do it, and she was great! She was just so nice and I didn't even feel the needle.
1	EXTREMELY upset with the pharmacist Nicole.  Went and dropped off my perception tonight and she told me that I just filled it on Friday at another Walgreens. She was telling me that I can not double fill medicine. She didn't ecen wait for me to get to the counter she was sharing my business with everyone waiting for the tske care clinic. She just kept saying I can not fill pain medicine twice.  I called the other wslgreens I supposly filled at they said that was a perception from LAST year 2012 and that it clearly states 2012! She is very unprofessional and has NO customer service skills. Everyone waiting heard and was starring at me I  am sure thinking I was trying to fill the same perception!  I will never step foot into this store again. I suggest you don't either if you want to be treated with respect and not feel your some kind of scam artist! Bad thing os the other people are nice and friendly!
4	It's not like you can go just anywhere for over the counter pharmaceuticals, hair brushes, feminine products, a $4 copy of Flashdance (1983) on DVD, and a turkey sandwich; office max and payless shoes certainly don't have this selection.This is a convenient spot in Central Phoenix for picking up those cold and flu-pills, tissues, a bottle of water, filling a prescription (24 hours a day), or visiting their Take Care Clinic. Every so often I need to visit a medical professional to diagnose weather I've got Rhinopharyngitis, Pertussis, or the Avian Influenza. If you're like me, then the take care clinic is the perfect spot for you. Special note, if there's bone sticking out from your leg, you've shot yourself in the forehead with a nailgun, or forgot to properly secure the overhead lighting before stepping out on stage as Ebenezer Scrooge for the opening night of "A Christmas Carol", this is not where you want to end up.Unless you schedule an appointment, getting in before the clinic opens at 8am doesn't really help much, you just end up waiting until 3-5 minutes before 8 so you can get your name in on the computer. If you're not quick about it, then some people who came in after you did might get in before can. I'd aim for about 10 minutes before 8, park yourself at one of their terminals and check every minute past 7:54 am until you get prompted to enter your name. If you're quick, you can get in and out. I heard some days are better than others, and some days have no wait at all. The day I was here, there were about 6 people all wanting to get their name in for an 8am appointment also; I ended up with the much desired #3, I think. Aside from the whole getting your name in to the computer at the beginning of the day problem, the Nurse Practitioner was super friendly, knew her stuff, checked me out, and sent me on my way.Happy Yelping Phoenix, you might want to try the ER if you're carrying your pinky finger in a cup of ice.
4	Convenience stores sure have come a long way.  I recently went here to pick up some prescriptions and I was blown away with the store.  The lighting was bright so you could see everything.  The aisles were not so tall that you couldn't see over them. There were signs everywhere so it made it easy to find what you were looking for.   The customer service at the pharmacy was top notch. They provided me with an estimated wait time and were spot on. They rang up my additional items right there. Even though they were busy each person received such great attention and smiling from everyone there it was heartening. It is also nice to know that they have a take care clinic available right in the store.  I recommend if unsung it to schedule an appointment online.
4	This is a great little Walgreens. It is a very convienant location. I can always stop in here to pick up this and that when I am in downtown Phoenix.They have a Clinic in here as well as the Pharmacy.I have never used it ,but I think that is a really great idea.They sell food, and everything else you would ex[ect to find at Walgreens.It is a busy place, but they are always nice. I think they have a restroom here that you can use if waiting for a script as well. I just heard some folks asking and they let them use it. So that is yet another handy item they give.
5	Justin, the pharmacy manager, is far out.  Very dude, man. He gets it. There's a lof of ins, a lot of outs, a lot of what-have-yous in the pharmacy business, but he abides.  He helps out the little guy, those in need of a coupon or savings for their special medications.  A worthy face of the Walgreen empire.
2	This Walgreens has everything and is nicely designed and way easier to move through than any other Walgreens I have been to. And if I were reviewing just the store I would say it was fantastic.But my experience focused primarily on the take care clinic and it's inefficiency. I was needing a physical for employment and despite having to pay out of pocket, I thought this would be far more convenient than going to a primary care doctor. I checked in and waited about a half hour (which wasn't very long). I was than greeted by someone (I have no idea if he was a doctor, a nurse or the receptionist). This person never introduced himself, walked me into a room with someone else's stuff. He was a young guy in his 20s with clearly very little professional experience. When I told him I wanted a physical, he let out a big sigh as if I was causing him an inconvenience. He asked me why I hasn't filled out paperwork (which were nowhere to be seen) and grabbed the papers I had brought (for the physical). He stared at the papers and  looked at them as if they were written in a foreign language. He let out another sigh. It was at this point that he wanted to start the exam, but it was also at this point that I decided I wasn't comfortable with this person ( who was frazzled, unprofessional and still hadn't introduced himself to me). My five minutes with him felt more like talking to someone from the ghetto than someone supposed to be in the medical profession and I had no intention of this person examining me! Skip this place and make an appointment somewhere  else!
3	24 hour Walgreens has it's pros and cons ...+ Pros:Open 24 hours, obviouslyCarries makeup, grocery items, OTC medicine, snacks, cards, misc.Large parking lot- Cons:Typically if you come here late, there's only 1 cashierLong, slow linePrices are steeper here than at CVSYou only get the sale price if you have a Walgreens Wellness CardCome here if you are in Central Phoenix and in dire need of snacks, food, water or medicine. They'll be open!
1	In the time since my first review, this Walgreen's has gotten too big for its britches. The staff who used to be nice are long gone, replaced by kids who think it's funny to allow line jumpers and staff who move at the speed of slow and look resentful at doing their jobs.Prices are up dramatically, while the fresh fruit is gone, many of the fresh foods are gone, the housewares section has lost its verve. You can still get bargains in the beauty section, but otherwise you will be paying through the nose for convenience (plus the privilege of being treated rudely).Quality has also generally declined. The house brand cat litter, which used to be great, is now as useless as beach sand and exists solely so you remember how the box stank all week and pay double the going rate for Tidy Cat. The $15 rayon dresses -- wonderful for summer around the house -- are now so skimpy that I can barely get my arms through the arm holes (they used to err the other direction). As the place has declined, the clientele has gotten sketchier, too. You now have less chance of being hassled and hustled at Fortess CVS down on McDowell, which is adjacent to a homeless encampment.Next time I need cat litter, I'm setting the alarm early and going to Walmart when it's not hotter than the surface of the sun here. When your service makes the Christown Walmart look like Nordstrom, you're doing it wrong.(The funny thing is, before the Great Recession, stores cared about customer service. Now that same-store sales are in the low single digits, if not actually negative, and chains are struggling to hold stable against the behemoth of Amazon, the prevailing customer service attitude is "Don't like it? Feel free to take your money elsewhere." They know all they have to do is outlast their lone remaining bricks-and-mortar competitor.)
5	Love this place! I have been going here for years (since I'm right across the street) and everyone is always so friendly. Just went in tonight and had excellent customer service (like always) which is why I wanted to write this review. Everyone in there is amazing and friendly. True neighborhood establishment!
1	Needed to drop off a script before heading to a yoga class. Should take less than 5 minutes, right?  I pulled up into the drive-thru pushed the button for service then I sat and waited for 15 min.  I didn't want to go in as I had my skimpy yoga clothes on. I then called the store from outside and as someone answered the telephone a young man came to the window and said "I'll be with you in minute"the walked away.  I told the man on the phone nevermind  someone is helping me then waited another 10 min. I had to leave to make my yoga class in time. So frustrating. I've been going to this Walgreens for a couple years now and have always tolerated their lack of good service, but now I think mail order prescription is the way to go. Delivered right to your house. Times are changing and options are growing walgrens pharm need to accommodate the busy consumer or they will be finding other resources.
3	Well, I was a fan until I came to fill my dogs prescription here. I dropped it off during a busy time and they said one hour to fill. I come back and they say they didn't fill it because of how much it cost. They wanted to make sure I was ok with the high price. Umm...how about call me or something? Too bad. Still get photos here but no longer fill prescriptions
1	I like their variety in products, however they always have peddlers there asking for money and making people uncomfortable, but they don't seem to do anything about it.Also almost every single time I go to the pharmacy, they never have my prescription ready, even after they've called me to tell me it was ready. One day I called it in about 3 days early, just to make sure I could stop by anytime before I ran out to pick up my prescription.It turned out I wasn't able to pick it up until the day that I ran out anyway, and even though I had called in three days earlier, it still wasn't ready! To add to this frustration, I have gone in and waited for up to 3 hours for prescription to be ready, when I was told it would only take 15 to 30 minutes. Lastly, they have the automatic prescription refill, when they call you to tell you that it's ready when your prescription runs out. I signed up for this, however they didn't call me the last time I had a refillb ready because they weren't aware it needed to be refilled, and the time before that they called me to tell me it was ready and when I showed up it wasn't ready. I'm sick of waiting here and eating my time for my prescriptions. I am taking my business elsewhere.
