4	I have watched this place being built for the last six months and couldn't wait until a mom n pop burger joint opened in surprise. I saw a menu for the business tonight and drove right over to give it a try. The first thing you notice upon entering is the dining area is huge. The ordering is done at the counter and the menu is standard burger joint with a Greek slant. I ordered something that usually is done so poorly to see if just maybe this former burger junky could get a great turkey burger. they did not dissapoint. The turkey patty was huge and charbroiled with a grill toasted bun and grilled oinions. The fries were large, nearly steak fries and the quantity was very generous. Although not on the menu the owner said he could make Greek fries. That will happen on my second visit. The owner "jim" is right out there cooking away. They also have an extensive breakfast menu but it is only served in the mornings. The employees are still working out the communication amongst themselves but the personalities coupled with very good food will make this place very successful in a very short time. Having grown up in Los Angeles with so many great family owned restaurants, this place makes me feel right at home.
3	My family and I had burgers and sandwiches here just a few days after they opened. The food wasn't bad (fresh ingredients). The service and decor need a little more work. The prices are a bit too high. And I have to disagree with the previous review though as the fries were nowhere near the size of steak fries, the portion of the fries was not overly generous, and this restaurant does not have a "Greek slant".  All in all, it's worth a try, and I will go back to see how their breakfast is, but if the service doesn't improve, I'll go elsewhere for a burger and eggs.
2	Again,Place just recently opened! Actually they have not officially opened? They are in training, and they need it! I am excited about them opening a burger joint this far west! But boy do they need to improve! First of all, prices are way to high! Pastrami sandwich for $8.00! Really, Chicken dinner for $12.00! Service is horrible, burgers, fries, onion rings are not that impressive. Yes they are new! Yes they deserve a chance! Yes I will go back at a later time! Yes! we need a burger joint out here, but do not take advantage of us, lower your prices and have faster service! Or you will not last!
1	My husband and I took our daughter to this place Saturday evening.  It was not very busy, so we thought we would have smooth sailing.  We did not have to wait in line.  We ordered our food, and the first issue that I had was that the cashier did not know how to make change.  A little weird, but whatever.  Then we found a table, and proceeded to wait over 30 minutes for our food!  And no drinks either.  Like I said, it was not busy, and the kitchen had plenty of employees.  So there was no reason for this.  They were very unorganized, and that is something they need to address.  They had a dining room full of unhappy customers, all waiting way too long for their food.  The food itself was nothing spectacular.  Not bad, not great.  We had burgers, fries and onion rings.  The burgers were way smaller than claimed.  The onion rings were almost $5, and we got 6 of them on the plate.   The prices were way too high.  Many of the things served seemed like they were bought from a warehouse retailer, like the buns and the fries.  Not original or special.  This place needs some organization now! And some decor on the walls would be nice. I want it to succeed, because we need more local food joints out here, but this just was not worth it.
4	I wouldn't disagree with the negative reviews, but we had a good experience here tonight.  We live very close to this intersection, so honestly I want to see the place make it, but I wouldn't want that if it weren't good.  I thought the prices were high for some of the breakfast menu, but the burgers aren't too high, like 5 bucks a burger, but extra to combo with fries and a drink.  My Hubby had a double cheese burger, hold the dressing and it was good.  He is a Culver's fan, so he compared it to that: It was a lot bigger for about the same cost, the fries were better (they are cooked and seasoned right) but it didn't quite meet the level of "goodness" or flavor as Culver's.  I had an egg burger with cheese and I thought it was great.  I would have a hard time choosing between Jims and Culver's, but may lean more towards Jims.  Even though I agree Culver's is more flavorful, more beefy, I liked my egg burger a lot. It really was a huge burger.  I had the onion rings, they were good, seasoned well. There were about ten to twelve large rings, between 4 or 5 bucks.  They came with ranch (I don't know if it was extra cost) and it was yummy.  Perfect for dipping the fries and rings, not perfect for a salad though.  We didn't have to wait long, only 15 mins maybe.  Our service was nice. They need some decor.  It seemed clean.  It is hard to rate because it is 4 stars for out here, but less for down town... I know that's twisted, but it is one of the better places out here, so that counts for something for me.
1	Went here for the first time on Saturday. Extremely slow service on ordering. The old lady was very rude when we ordered. Ordered two breakfast omlette's on the same order with toast. Toast was barley toasted and one omlette came out with a bunch of cheese then the other came out with two shreds of cheese and was over cooked. It wasn't even worth bringing back if I had to put up with ladies attitude again.  Started eating it and it had egg shells in it. I will never eat at this place again. Good luck
4	Heads up!! The breakfast sandwiches come with thousand island style dressing!! I wasn't asked if I wanted it, and I NEVER would assume a breakfast sandwich to have that kind of dressing, so if you don't want it make sure you tell them!! I had never had a breakfast sandwich with dressing like that on it, but it strangely worked. I was craving a tomato on my egg, bacon and cheese sandwich, so it kinda did that flavor for me.  My husband hated the dressing though, so if you aren't into it, make sure you let them know!  I like the way Jim puts the sandwich together and its huge, so I am sticking with four stars, but I was somewhat frustrated when we were half a mile down the road with the take out and found the dressing, and my hubby had to eat it anyway cuz we were on the run... I know I am reaching for this place, but for some reason, I want to see it work. Again, the negative reviews make a lot of sense and seem true to me, but so far I am satisfied...
5	Let's be honest. The food speaks for it self. Everyone I know enjoys the food. The service will come in time. You can't be mad at the food.
2	The wait to get your food was long even tho they were not all that busy. The inside is clean but the decor is nothing special. Just like the decor the food was nothing to rave over ether, it was like any other burger. All things said this is the one and only stop that I have made here so I may go again to try something other then they burgers to see if its better.
2	I really wanted to like Jim's since it's close to home and we could use a good diner out here. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. My boyfriend and I just ordered standard breakfast-- I had pancakes, eggs, bacon, and we split hashbrowns. The pancakes were undercooked, the bacon was so overcooked it was basically inedible, and the hashbrowns were also too crispy. It was not a cheap breakfast by any means and the girl who brought us our food didn't even say one word to us. I've heard other people say they enjoyed their food but just from that one bad experience, I have to say I will not go back, no matter how close it is.
4	We love this place. The hamburgers are juicy and yummy. The fries were good but I did not care for the onion rings. We will be frequenting this place often.
4	Good fries, very quick service and reasonably priced. The burgers are tasty and the chilli fries were awesome. Burger patties are a bit thin, but tastey none the less. Best place in West surprise to get a burger so far.
1	Rude and Nasty!I was so happy to try this place out considering we don't have a lot of little spots like this in the Surprise area. First of all, whomever is the  old lady with the curly hair behind the counter is RUDE as heck! She screams at the workers and was very rude to me.Also, please tell me where they put chili on a breakfast burrito. I was so upset that I had to return the burrito, because thats not normal to put that on there. Salsa, yes...but chili, NO!!!!! My burrito was fixed after the "old lady with the curly hair" snapped at me like I worked there and it was obvious on the ingredients or something.This place is not worth it and they need to fix their customer service attitude or it will continue to stay EMPTY!
2	Meh...Not sure what to think of this place, the wife and I decided to try it out in favor of trying some new surprise restaurants.  You walk in there appear to be servers, with a seat yourself vibe because there is no sign that says otherwise.We sit down and a few min later one of the "servers" comes over and tells us that we order at the counter and they bring us the food, ok, change "servers" to "runners" no big deal moving on. I noticed once we were seated another family came in and same episode repeated, nothing wrong with the counter approach, just some signage would be good.I'd been craving a pastrami burger and one of the reason I came was to try their pastrami burger. I order the pastrami burger, the wife orders a pastami sandwich and we split an order of chili cheese fries. I ask for them to add Swiss to her pastrami sandwich, "we don't have swiss" only american, ok no cheese. apparently the only cheese they have is american, later I started going over the menu contemplating how many items would be better with Swiss.we get the food at the table and it looks good, the runner was friendly and asked if we needed anything else.My burger is well cooked, looks good and fresh, the taste is mediocre, nothing wrong, but nothing standing out the pastrami seems bland in comparison to some others, a bit too salty as well.The fries were crispy which is a big plus, the chili was pretty good as wellMy didn't even eat half of her sandwich I could tell these some thing off-putting about it.All in all a good meal, but not for foodies, perfectly prepared fresh, pedestrian food in my opinion.  still I want to like this place because it has a lot of potential, maybe if I come back you'll wow me with the "eggs"and please get the swiss situation under control it's delicious.
2	We try our best to do all of our shopping and dining locally in Surprise.  When I saw the diner being built I was excited to have a new choice.  We all got burgers, mine with an egg.  The fries were fairly good, the onion rings were fairly bad.  The bugers themselves were quite good however there were a mere sliver on a cross section of the sandwich.  It seemed like the burger was about a quarter of an inch in thickness.I didn't see double or triples on the menu, but if we go back I'll shoot for that.  Also, don't forget your wallet, this place is very pricey for a burger joint.
3	Came here a second time. Had a breakfast burrito, it was great! No one here, so service wasn't going to be a problem. Workers here are a lot nicer than they were before. I still think their prices are more than they should. But overall they are getting better. Be back with another update!!
2	Gave Jim's a try hoping the kinks noted by other reviewers had been worked out. We found the prices to be fair for the portion size and taste. However, we did think the burger was rather thin which caused it to be more well-done than we enjoy, but the flavor was decent. The fries were crispy on the outside and tender inside, tasty. These were the good points.Here's the rest of the story... The service was generic, not friendly but also not cold. It was timely but I had to ask for utensils and the runner only brought me a crude, very used looking, steak knife. I then had to ask for a fork, this was my second mistake (the first is detailed below). It felt like a tedious and inefficient exercise that could be avoided by simply providing even basic plastic utensils for patrons. The place was dirty, just dirty, dirty, dirty. We had to wipe our table down with small, dry, paper napkins from the table-top dispenser (and we picked the cleanest table we could find as all appeared quite dirty during our 3 pm visit). This bugs me because I have no idea who was there before me and what they did. And what the semi-moist smudge of viscous substance was amidst the clearly identifiable salt, pepper, catsup, and lettuce was. There was a fork laying under the table at my feet and I made the first mistake of the meal, I kicked it out to a visible place on the open floor. When I was forced to ask for a fork, the runner noted and picked up the fork on the floor then returned (in a time frame too short for hand washing to occur) with 'a new fork.' Honestly, I doubt it was the same fork, but she just collected a fork off the floor that had been used by I don't know who, then used her same hands to bring mine. Sorry, that's just nasty... So the aforementioned steak knife sufficed as my sole utensil for the meal. I have more amenities when we camp off-grid!We were told when we ordered that drinks had free, unlimited refills but we never saw proof of this 'deal' so take your chances with that... I'm thinking we will have to be exceptionally hungry with absolutely no other options before we visit Jim's again... That clean thing IS a big deal!
4	Great food, easy atmosphere. We'll be back for sure!
4	Had a chorizo and egg burrito. It was actually really good!! A little pricey but I would go back.
5	Great food and better lunch special. 6.95 for huge burger, fries, and coke.
5	We heard about this place from a neighbor and his wife, so today we went for lunch. .. ordered burgers with fries, I had fried mushrooms..."GREAT" fried mushrooms. ..the dipping sause was nice and thick, love that.. you order at the counter and the server brings it to you, nice and easy ... comfortable little place...the drinks are huge...summertime delight... also the AC was ON HIGH ...YES!!Wonder whats for breakfast? I will be ready!
5	This is fried and grilled food paradise.  All the food is fresh and these guys knnow how to do it!  The menu is extensive and pretty much anyhting you order is fantastic!  The fried zucchini is to die for and the the chorizo and eggs doesn't get any better!  The service is #1 as well...you can't go wrong here!
3	Jim's Burgers and Eggs is a nice, casual place to grab a "quick" sit down meal.  They have generous portions, food is overall pretty good.  My favorite so far is the Avocado burger and fries.  Have been there several times, and have found it to be "hit or miss" with being greeted and wait time for food.  We really enjoy their breakfasts, burger and fries.  It used to be pricier, but have recently reduced prices making it more of a lunch option.  Have a couple televisions wall mounted and strategically placed.  Nice place to meet a friend for burgers and chat.  My teenage daughter and I like to stop in and get to-go sometimes.
3	I went to Jim's yesterday for a late lunch.  Had a 1/2 lb cheeseburger with onion rings and fried mushrooms on the side.  The burger was well prepared to my request, but your not kidding on the other reviews about how much they like to use Thousand Island dressing... Lol.. The batter was phenomenal but could have used some seasoning of some type.   My mom had a breakfast special and it looked great.
4	This place is great! It's one of the few places in town that serve eggs on their burgers besides ihop. The staff seem local and friendly. This is a solid diner that can be hit and miss with service depending on time of day. I also like the chicken stips... Basic I know... But nowhere else in surprise serves them locally. The breakfast is top notch and served all day.  The prices can seem a little high... But it's worth the try if you're in the area.
4	Staff was helpful and answered all of our questions.  They were very nice.My wife got a HUGE grilled chicken salad and she could not finish it.  She even had chicken left over!  Imagine that with a salad from one of the chains!I actually had breakfast for dinner (3 eggs and hash browns and was satisfied).  They know what "over-medium" meansBoys both liked their hamburgers.We will return...
4	I love this place. It reminds me, just a little, of my youth - long ago and many thousands of miles away. I used to frequent a place called the Gardenia Cafe (which can be seen here - http://j.mp/Uq9EJv) back in the early 80's. In Oz, it's pretty normal to get what we call hamburgers with "the lot" or "the works" - a fried egg, beetroot (sweet pickled beet in the US) and often a slice of pineapple too, resulting in something roughly the size of a Burger King Double Whopper. Soft, greasy and absolutely delicious. While Jim's Burgers and Eggs doesn't produce exactly the same style of burger, they came close enough to bring back a few memories for me. Place your order at the counter, its all fried up to order and greasy fresh when laid in front of you. As Robert Crumb's Cheesis K. Reist would say, "Hot 'n hearty 'n plump as ya please!"Red Robin advertises their "royal" burger with a fried egg, like it's something that royalty would eat, but I grew up with such a thing and I challenge anyone to make a burger at home, throw an over-medium egg on and truthfully say that it's not a perfect ingredient.The double egg burger is by far and away my favourite. It's a double cheese burger with a single egg, but their thousand island dressing adds, quite unexpectedly, a delicious something extra. Get it "Jimmynized" and you get fries and a drink too. The fries are okay, I guess, sort of like Ore Ida and not my preference, but then again I much prefer soft British fries (http://j.mp/UqbDh0) instead. Which I don't even think you can get in the US.Jim's has a huge menu to choose from - pretty much everything from pastrami to omelettes to Greek stuff to burgers and way beyond. Something for everyone. A large dining area, too. Unpretentious and sparsely decorated, but who cares? Your meals are made to order, so they do take a little while to be prepared. If you're dining in, just go sit at a table and they'll bring it out a la Paradise Bakery. I've never had to wait more than about 10 mins. Very glad that such a place opened in Surprise - way better than Red Robin - and once you're done eating you can have a great time peoplewatching! (I'd rank it second in Surprise for that, next to Chipotle). I sure hope this place doesn't shrivel and die like so many other decent Surprise restaurants.
2	Why are there so many good reviews of this place? Jim's Burgers and Eggs is just around the corner from where my parents live and my dad had been curious about this place for a while. We decided to try this place for something different for lunch and came in around 11 o'clock. It looked promising because there were quite a lot of people there, but we soon found out that it was lacking in a lot of areas.First off, as we were ordering, the woman at the counter (the owner?) was arguing with her staff over an order. She was berating the poor girl and other staff members - mentioning quite loudly about how another waitress almost dropped a dish. It was unprofessional and delayed the time it took for our order to get to the cooks and furthermore delayed other patrons from ordering. But that was just the beginning.My father and I sat down and I noticed that the tables weren't really clean. There were dishes from patrons who had left (and kindly left tips with their meals) that sat there until we left. There were a lot of people who seemed to be waiting on their orders as opposed to a lot of people enjoying the food.We saw multiple patrons receive drinks before us although they had ordered after us. Why the staff at the front doesn't just serve the drinks right after ordering, I don't know; that's how most restaurants set up this way (order at the front, get a number) handle it. We saw the young waitresses make several trips doling out orders to a single table - I'm not sure why they don't make use of serving trays and silverware in their aprons, but it would improve the service by leaps and bounds. So would getting a decent POS system since it was apparent that their hand-written tickets were slowing down service.The wait service was so awful that I started to feel bad for those girls. It's like somebody didn't teach them how to effectively wait tables. Between that and being berated by the owner, I'm not sure how any of those girls could handle sticking around.Oh, and the food? What we ordered - the $6.25 burger special and a Hawaiian burger - wasn't very good. It's supposed to be a burger joint, yet the patties seemed to be of the lowest grade with lettuce that wasn't very fresh and buns that were substandard. The price is no excuse for the bad quality; In-N-Out uses much better buns and patties and the cost is dramatically lower, although I understand that this isn't a franchise or chain. The whole time I couldn't help but think that this place could really use a visit from one of those restaurant consultants on television to teach them 1) how not to deal with employee issues in front of customers, 2) teach their staff how to wait tables, and 3) pick up the quality of food a bit. I can't really say I'm all that motivated to go back, though I'm curious about their breakfast items and might be tempted to try them sometime.
1	One word....Horrible! For all the same reasons all these other people hated it. Ticked off too cause I had high hopes for it. Gordan Ramsey please save this place!
3	This seems to be an expensive diner.  The food is good and the lady that took our order was nice,l although not very knowledgable about the menu. When asked about a few menu items she gave the generic 'it's great" response.It was just the mister and I. 2 simple orders, but they came out separate and with a sizable delay. I had a sandwich, and he had a burger.  Both good, the burger was juicy and the fried were good too. But for the price, it may not be my first choice.I am interested in going back to try their breakfast.
5	This was my first time at Jim's and I just want to say that I was pleasantly surprised.  I got a pastrami Charbroiled burger for  $4.95, a large drink and a ton of crispy fries for $2.75 more.  I couldn't finish it all but put a large dent into the meal. The staff was friendly and professional, checked in with me to see if everything was as I requested and it was better.  Can't beat the price and the quality.  I will go back and tell my friends all about Jim's
5	My wife and I used to eat Sunday morning breakfast at Village Inn until we tried Jim's. This is real home cookin', big portions and great flavor. Lucky for us we just moved into a new home and it is just around the corner from Jim's. I may never walk again :)
5	Love it here. I made it my mission to try all the local eateries, and Jim's makes the best breakfast, hands down. Always service with a smile, always good food, pocket friendly prices, and the waitresses always take care of your culinary needs. Great local business - eat there!
3	This Place!!!!Wife and daughter loves it, I have issues with Jim's Burgers!! First their service is really horrible, especially when they are busy!! So, yesterday I thought I would be on top of this and called my order in. So I ordered their Acapulco chicken, cheeseburger special to go. Had this in the bag!!! She told me it would be ready in 15 mins!! So I arrive their 12 mins later, with a smile on my face ready to pick up our lunch! I get their and they informed me they no longer serve Acapulco Chicken!!!! I pointed to their menu on the wall, and their to go menu. It shows they do!! Then I asked why didn't you call me??? Well, we did! Your phone doesn't work??? I laid my phone down on the counter and asked them to call it!! It was a miracle!!! It worked! Not having the chicken wasn't the reason I was upset! If you come here enough you will realize the waiting time can be long. That's why I called it in, so I can get in and get out! After realizing I was upset, and did not want to wait for about a 1/2 hr! They rushed my order in and I was out of their with in 5-10 minutes! Price is still to high, I'm OK with this place, but since wife and daughter loves this place. I will be coming here more then I would want!!
4	So my husbands is in LOVE with the style of burgers (pastromi especially) here.  They have HUGE servings that I think are worth the value.  Breakfast isn't anything fantastic but it is good.  I am always PLEASED with dinner and the service is GREAT!  The people know who we are and usually guess right what we are gonna order!!!Love going there and will continue to suggest it to others!
1	When ordering the person was extremely rude. She told me I don't know what I want. Took forever to get the food. In-n-out burger has better burgers. I will not waste my money here I'd rather drive another 20 minutes for quality food.
5	These guys added a patio, nice touch... this Saturday was crazzzy bizzzzy... waited for almost 30 minutes...but worth every bite..great job people.. big thank you to our server Rebacca
2	Ordered breakfast, and it took 31 minutes to deliver it to us.  Eggs were over done, and bland bland bland.  I'm willng to try their pastrami burger and report back, however.
5	The family loves this place! We enjoy a great hearty meal each time. Its great to see small business owners doing good in your area, they know us each time we go in there. It's sad to see some people ( MARK ) writing such hateful things on here. Opinions and reviews are always welcome to SB owners, but it should be expressed with proper manners and respect! We will continue to dine here often. Keep up the hard work Jim's!
5	ok been here 3 times and now and I'll say have nothing but great meals, burger great breakfast burritos best I have had in Phoenix thus far! everything is great
3	I've been here 3 times now and after this time, I personally won't go back. The first time I went the food tasted great, well mostly. I got a BLT and onion rings. I specifically asked for it to be dry, no mayo or special sauce. When I got it home, it was loaded up. Ok no biggie it happens. The second time I went I got the same thing, again asking for nothing other then bacon, lettuce and tomato. I also ordered onion rings. My husband picks it up and brings it home and there is sauce all over it again, as well as the onion rings are burnt. This last time I figured I'd try something new. I got a burger and said ONLY mustard, lettuce and pickles. Again got the onion rings. Well much to my dismay there are tons of onions on the burger and the onion rings are in edible. Burnt and horrible. The reason I gave it a 3 is because my husband likes it and even though his order was wrong 2/3 times he doesn't much care. I won't go back, but he may on his own. It's sad because the people seem friendly.
3	The fries are crispy and it seemed they have changed the burgers because it taste more like beef.  Pastrami looks pretty lean also!
4	They have great good and best fries I have. Cheap prices and the people are friendly besides the wife owner behind the cash register.
4	My husband is from Los Angeles, and if your from there or have been their you know of Tom's. They have all sorts of crazy burgers and chilly cheese fries. For the longest we couldn't really find anywhere near us where we could find such thing other than Wendy's. Until one of our friends told us about Jim's he talked about how great it was.So we decided to give it a try. The food was good we had a regular Bacon cheese burger, and an order of Pastrami Chili Cheese fries which were AWESOME! We came to find out by one of the girls that works that the business actually does come from California. The restaurant when you walk in is clean, and kind of busy we went on a Sunday around 1Pm can't imagine going when people are out of Church, but that not my point. I had seen some reviews talking about the the owner "Jim?" is rude. She was nice when we went to order, but from the looks of it she's not so nice to some of her employees.We will be returning until we find something better, until then I'll make sure to treat the employees extra nice so that they don't mind so much having to be there. I mean their isn't that many places for teenagers to find work in Suprise is there?
1	So disappointed the way they owners treat their staff and customers... Bacon was not cooked, French toast was like rubber and it took over 45 min to get food and was yelled at by owners when we asked for money back instead of food... Our server was so sweet and after 4 other tables complaining and yelling we noticed her go in bathroom and cry. Horrible experience save your money and don't support such rude incompetent owners!
2	Let me get right to the point. Good food - when they get it right.Good service when you don't get the owner (lady) waiting on you. I'll say she seems annoyed to take your order and actually complained that it had been busy. Yup...you gotta hate having a busy business. (sarcasm)The wait staff have been very nice. It's just that you have to wait for ever for your food...only to get it and have to send it back because it's wrong, then wait forever to get it back and have the rude owner glare and confront you. Been there about 5 times...the latest wasn't any better then the first. Great potential..hope they can turn around. My suggestion: Hire a restaurant manager - have the owners never get behind the counter and build a family atmosphere. Apologize when food is wrong, make sure that the staff are treated nicely. Oh and always make sure the tables are cleaned quickly.
3	Breakfast is real good comfort food and a must have. Lunch and dinner not so much. Premade fried foods that aren't that good. Do breakfast here only. I do have a tip for the restaurant - put the silverware on the table. I can't count how many times I have had to ask for silverware after I have my food.
3	Food is good. The prices are fair but could be more competitive to other restaurants. The place is very clean and the overall staff are helpful and friendly. The lady owner needs to be more friendly and smile. If she can't please hire a nice gal to take the orders. That will help your business grow.
4	Its ok, waffles are terrible!
2	Lets just start by saying the food is 3 stars the overall experience is 2 stars if you care to know more read on..Food was prepared as it should be nothing that stands out about the food, they do have large portions so you can count on that.As for the service... Well what service it's terrible the big lady who work the register is always there and she is just miserable all the time period! She treats her employees like slaves and there was a shit load of FLYS  in the place so yea 3 stars at best but to me it was a 2 star place
1	Somehow all the bad reviews seem to disappear after a day or 2.. Wonder how... But I have already given this place a review and it was by far the worst experience it caused me to start a yelp account and follow up to be sure it posted... The owners were so rude to not only my party an I, but other patrons as well as their staff... We waited 45 min to get food when we inquired the old man owner yelled at us and continued to explain how a restaurant runs.. Ironically our family has been in the food service industry for 25plus years. We own restaurants, manage restaurants and serve... The food was cold and rubbery, they refused to give our money back and we were laughed at and mocked by the grumpy female owner when we complained! Good luck if you decide to try this place!
3	Great service & nice looking burger & breakfast joint. They have a large variety menu from breakfast burritos, salads to other sandwiches. I ordered the Chicken Gyro & was very disappointed & wifey ordered the grilled chicken sandwich, neither came with fries & was not worth it! Will give it another try but will order breakfast or burgers since thats the main name of this place.
5	Surprise! Finally has a great non chain burger joint. Ordered me a Turkey Burger w extra dressing. It was outstanding! Service was greatFood was excellentValue was fairLocation was easy to get too.Wait was average for a good burgerThey also serve Pepsi, so hard to find a good burger and a Pepsi but you will find it here. Say hi to the owners Phyliss and Jim while your here. They are from California
2	Good burgers, but the breakfast? Be still my heart...French toast is drive-worthy. One star removed for waiting 35 min. for breakfast.  Staff was hopping, I think they were just short-staffed.
5	Do not confuse the 5 stars for fine dining. You won't get that here. What you WILL get is really yummy food and great service in a clean environment. It's burgers (and sandwiches) and eggs people!I ordered a pastrami sandwich meal. Yeah, it cost around $10 but I took half my sandwich home and my kids ate half my fries AND I walked away stuffed! My 10 and 12-year old split the French toast deluxe and could barely finish it. I admit, I tried the French toast, covered in butter and cinnamon sugar and it was very tasty.All the people I encountered were super nice and helpful. I cannot believe that I've been this close to such awesome food and haven't been there before. I will be making this my go-to place when I need quality comfort food in a hurry!
2	Yeah...I have to agree...food is ok...but having to put up with that miserable big Lady at the register just makes me never want to go back...I think she's in charge cuz her staff looks like they hate being there, and yes....a lot of flies inside.
5	Food has been verry good on my last 5 trips here. Workers are ok I have had worse, some need a kick in the butt but most are good. I like this place because of the food and protion sizes.
5	Jim's has the best burger around. Huge portion size and tasty tasty burger. Priced right and good service
4	Fast friendly &  good food . We order here two-three times per week from my job and its always ready when we get there and the staff is nice. Dont let the one lady scare you with her tough ways she is really a cool person.
4	Good affordable food. Friendly and helpful, but distracted staff. If you are bold and ask for what you need, this is a great place. If you just sit and wait, you will be disappointed.
5	The best California Char-brolied burgers in the West Valley. So much of the breakfast looks really good too.
4	We went in for lunch and were surprised by how busy this place was on a Saturday. Half of our group got breakfast and the other half got lunch and everyone was happy! The portions were great. The only issue was the lack of flavor in the french fries they were not good at all, really bland and plain. I loved the pastrami burger, it was delicious and I would totally go back and get it again!
4	Don't Go on Sunday Morning! My first impression was pretty bad. The gal taking our order acted like it was the end of the world when my wife wanted her avocado on the side and not on the burger. We then sat at the only empty table, after fifteen minutes I had to ask to get it bused. We did not get our food for 35 minutes! Side Note: We sat next to another couple who are regulars and said that Sunday mornings are the worst, the service is way better any other time.So, this bad experience, why four starts and not two? The Food Was GREAT! I got an Ortega chili burger, a-maze-ing! My wife got an Avocado Bacon Burger, very pleased. The kids both inhaled their food quickly. We will be back, but NOT on Sunday, holy crap.UPDATE: We've been back multiple times now and the place is Awesome! Great Food!
4	Staff isn't so professional but the pastrami was amazing
3	Food is good ... Service is bad. The saddest part is that the issue seems to be the owner/cashier.
3	Food is great! Service sucks! They need to really change the whole order taking system they have going and then waiting for ur drinks we waited At a table for about 15min for our drinks and waited 50min for our food! The girls serving the drinks and food could smile and it might help their day! And when they finally do bring ur plates they say we will be back with silverware! That's another wait! If they just make some tweeks to the way they order and serve food could be a great place
1	My boyfriend and I stop in at 1:40pm on a Sunday to grab a quick bite to go. Get up to the register to order and the wait time is an hour?!!!! Are you effing kidding me? No food place should be an hour wait especially when the food isn't anything hard to cook. Get it together Jims burgers and eggs, maybe hire more help because with that wait time you will lose customers. Maybe we will be back on a weekday to try the food.
2	Jim's Burger's & Egg'sThe food is decent, not the best I've ever had by any means but for the price it's decent. Their breakfast is pretty pedestrian. The Pastrami Burger, might be something to call home about actually. That being said, then it comes down to the service. As other people have posted on here, it just isn't that great. There are two people usually taking orders, the girl with the curly hair, who is really a nice girl... then there is the heavier set lady, and she doesn't ever seem to be happy, and is always miserable. Then there is the big shot Jim, he walks around once in a while, but never says anything to the customer's. If you are going to run a successful business and your face is going to be logo, and your name is in the title, you have to have some customer service skills, and he appears to not have any. I would eat here again, by doing a phone order, but I don't like going in and sitting down, as the staff makes the environment not an enjoyable place to eat a meal.
4	Great food. Service isnt amazing..but im going for the good food not the amazing service. Always good food. Always.
1	Okay I never write reviews, but this place made me! I am so pissed! I come in for breakfast thought it looked good. Oh and by the way I from California. So we go in and I order a breakfast burrito with sausage. And my friend and I go sit down. It takes them 15 minutes to just bring me some damn orange juice! The waitress asks if I want some water, but I never get it! My friend gets her food before I get my drink which is weird! 10 minutes later I get my burrito, and it has bacon in stead of sausage! I look inside and there's chili in it! Not like pico de gallo chili, but like the chili you put on top of fries or eat with sour cream and cheese! EEWWW!  No, I'm sorry, you don't put that in a BREAKFAST burrito! It didn't even say on the menu that there is chili in it! So I didn't want confrontation so I try it, it was so disgusting! I wanted to throw up! It tasted like mush! So I ask the waitress 2 times if I can get something else! She doesn't even come to me, she stays at the other end of the room and yells at me to go handle it up front! I did not want to at all, I just wanted something else made that's all. So I go up front and the lady that took my order is so RUDE! She just stares at me as well as ell the cooks! And when I ask if I can get something different, she tells me that I need to pay $4 more dollars to just get some eggs, hash browns and pancakes! I already paid $8 just for the burrito and orange juice! Are you frekin kidding me!? So I go sit back down and the lady comes and gives me $6 back for the burrito, which is fine and all of the people dining in there are staring at me because if the situation! I was totally embarrassed I was pretty much in tears cause of how embarrassed I was and I'm 19! All I am is here for 1 week in Arizona visiting! I WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN! And I advise no one else to go unless you want the poorest customer service ever!
3	Decent food... Got the egg burger and fries . Sad thing is it took 40 minutes to get... Not best place when it's busy
3	This was my second day of work in the surprise area and a friend of mine who is a local said the best burger in town was at Jim's. After checking several reviews I reluctantly decided to go. The restaurant is larger than what I imagined it would be, but it was nice. Ordering style is similar to five guys so I was at least familiar with the process. I ordered the double cheeseburger with fries and a drink. The food was good but not incredible. I tasted my friends onion rings and felt the same about those. Good food and plenty, but there is no way I can give Jim's a 4 star review because New York flavor got that and the food is simply better there.   Knowing this i would likely end up going there for a burger. Maybe the other items on the menu are great and I only captured a small window of what was available and unfortunately there was another competitor for that item in the area. I will go back and try something else on the menu to see if my mind can be changed.
3	So a couple of friends and I decided to give this place a shot based on a friends recommendation, only to find out that he had never even had a burger there. The price and size were about right for what you get, but the was just no WOW factor. The double cheeseburger was good and cooked well. The frys were a bit soft and not all that great. The onion rings were ok, but again nothing special.There was a little bit of a wait to get our food, but at least the restaurant its self was clean and the overall service was good. I have no real complaints, however there are just better burger joints around that have more to offer.
2	If you want a flavorless meal with a side order of a condescending owner (I believe her name is Phyllis, she's the cashier), I would recommend this place to you. Let's be honest, this food isn't special. The breakfast costed me $9.35~ roughly for two eggs, two pancakes, and two slices of toast. The pancakes were doughy/mushy in the middle, the eggs were nothing special, and the toast was drenched in fake imitation butter, or whatever the bulk brand business brand is for the equivalent of "Parkay." I thought the place was pretty dirty. As I walked in, I saw a lot of dust hanging down from the ceiling. The first coffee cup I picked up had food from the previous use still on it. This almost ten dollar lesson has taught me: This food here competes with Denny's (I'd give the upper hand to Denny's unfortunately) and I definitely won't be returning in the foreseeable future.
4	Great food, really authentic chorizo burrito and their breakfast burrito is the best!
2	I was in Surprise and was starving so I decided to give this place a shot. The first thing I noticed was that the people working there weren't the friendliest. One instance was when I asked for ketchup with my to-go order came out. The lady snaps back at me that there was ketchup in my bag. I get to my car to find one measly ketchup container...who skimps on ketchup? The food was alright. I ordered the Mexican omelet which was pretty tasty, except that fact that one of the main ingredients was bacon, and I found 3 chuncks of bacon in the entire omlete! Seriously! Hash browns were mushy. Wouldnt come back because of unfriendly service and them being skimpy.
5	Great chili cheese burger. Messy and gets all over your hands and fingers! Fantastic!
4	Good food.  Service is similar to Dennys.
4	Good gyro.  Hate the onion rings.
3	Okay so we went back a few weeks ago and got to order food that didn't take forever to get. I suggest to not go on a weekend unless you want to wait. The burgers are good and so is the fried mushrooms. It's your typical burger place nothing too special but it's close so we will go again just not on a weekend.
3	I would give them a full 5 stars if it was just based on the food because they do have excellent food.  The service boderlines on terrible though.  The lady up front that takes your order is downright rude!!!  She apparently hates life and takes it out on anyone that has the gall to show up and eat here.  She literally glared me down when I asked if i could get a drink with my meal.  LOL.  I will probably come back just because they make a great burger but don't come here expecting warm and fuzzy feelings from the staff.
5	I go to Jim's for the comfort food, and it is always Fresh and plenty of it. Their fries are the best around. I always get their burgers, no one beats the char-broiled taste and theirs is the best. I never leave hungry.They also now have a kids Birthday club.www.iNeedYourAddress.com/jimsburgers-and-eggs
4	I've been here a few times now, both for breakfast and for dinner.  We've never had bad food or service.  Everything has been as expected.  The burgers are good but a little pricey.  You get your moneys worth for breakfast though.   There's nothing especially notable.  It's your garden variety greasy spoon and there's nothing wrong with that.  I'm a fan.
5	I have never been here before or even heard of the place so I decided to try it and loved it! They have a great selection of burgers and breakfast for a very reasonable price. And they have combo specials as well! Burgers seemed about an average around $6 and the breakfast looked delicious but I decided on the turkey sandwich. The fries were deliciously seasoned! Drinks and food is all ordered at the counter and they bring everything to you! Everyone working was very kind and very helpful! I will definitely be back!
4	Fabulous food for the price. You won't find anywhere like this at least not in Surprise! Jim's has a great ambiance, for both the single or family diners. The decor shows a little wear and tear, but we were really surprised by what you got for the price. The Waitresses are awesome and the service is very nice.  There is many choices on the menu and full breakfast menu served all day. The owners are kind and friendly, nice to see them actively interested in their business. I would go back and am considering getting my son's lunches from there for school next term. I'm a fan!
2	Food is really good! However, the order taker apparently the owner's wife needs customer service skills. She is rude and very irritable. This restaurant needs a welcoming experience in my opinion.
2	This is the worst type of place! 1st of all it's in a strip mall so you know 6 months from now it will be a T-Mobile. 2nd of all the staff is RUDE! I asked what kid if cheese they offered and they elderly lady behind the counter seemed very upset that I was even there ordering. The walls and floors were not clean my table needed to be wiped down and I had to ask twice before it was cleaned. It took forever to get my food and they were not that busy. Some old man and young guy were fighting so loud in the back room I could hear them at my table. They offer free refills on drinks but you have to go back to the counter to get it and they act mad that you want a refil. 3rd the food. Average at best. I was so hoping the burgers would be good. The bun was nice. But the lettuce was turing brown and the tomatoe was soggy. The patty itself was dry and over cooked. I also ordered zuchinni sticks and they were ok. They chop them long ways and bread them but one was not cooked all they way. Surprise needs a good burger joint and this is not it.
2	We've been eating here since the place opened about 3 years ago.  The food has always been good for counter service diner style food and its usually 4 to 5 stars.  Never had a problem with quality or value for price.  I personally love the pastrami burger and country omelette. The place reminds me of the counter service diners I've been to in downtown Chicago in many ways (anyone reading this old enough to remember the "cheeseburger"sketch on SNL??).HOWEVER- Service is something that could improve. They seem to go through staff like paper towels. I think that may be part of the issue and its a sign of a core issue in management/ownership. Ordering at counter is usually not a bad experience, but I have to agree, that Jim's wife is not a warm and fuzzy person.  I have been working in service for the last 30 years and I wouldn't have lasted that long if I I wasn't welcoming and accommodating to my  guests.  I don't frequent another area diner at Greenway and Reems for that very reason- poor customer service.  Yesterday was my worst experience there ever.  It was very busy, which you would expect for 10AM Saturday.  My 7 year old son really wanted to have breakfast there, so despite the crowd, we ordered.  Every table was full and most were waiting for orders..  I figured it would be a wait, but maybe only 10 minutes longer than usual.  I was mistaken, It took  almost 1 hour from the time we ordered until our food came.  This was breakfast.  Quick and easy to prepare. 1 Hour????  When our food did arrive, nothing was wrong with it, but our server, was obviously pushed to her limits (only 2 servers working that morning).  She forgot syrup for my sons pancake and I had to get up and get.  No one behind the counter even apologized , even though I was obviously put off I had to get my own condiments.  The water I ordered from her never came either.  Very poor service to say the least.I understand, bad days happen at every job, but maybe they could have been proactive at the counter and let people know how long the wait time for food was going to be?  Since you pay in advance here, its difficult to get a refund.  And then last night on Facebook, instead of posting an apology to their loyal (an inconvenienced) customers, they posted marketing pictures of their food.  Really??  Maybe an apology with an offer to bring in your breakfast receipt for a discount on a return visit would have been a better idea?We will return, but you're on final notice with us Jim's.  We want to patronize local businesses, but food alone doesn't cut it in this business.  You need to provide friendly, expedited service too!
2	The food at Jim's is is great but I have to write about the service. Not the waitresses, who are always wonderful, but the cashier. She's an older lady and is very rude to her staff. Not sure why since her staff are always on point and friendly. I've always had good and friendly service when she's not there, but when she is there especially on the weekend, she can be very rude to the girls who are doing a good job. Not a good way to impress your customers.
5	The burgers were great! We are new to this area and were looking for good food places. We came here based on the reviews from YELP,  and it was the right choice. Will definitely make it a favorite. Came on a Thursday afternoon, abet it was perfect timing, hardly any customers. Clean, quick, delicious and well priced.  Love this place. Please leave a tip for the wait staff.
3	The servers are awesome and the cooks stay busy yet the time it takes to get food on the weekend is ridiculous. Either hire more staff or figure out a way to make things faster. I am sitting here waiting for 45 minutes for an omelette and burger, unacceptable.
4	I go here about once every two week for lunch, and its always good food and good service...can't complain.Burger is good, fries are good.... Daily specials sometimes warrant not getting the $6.25 burger/fries/drink special..... Never had meal to complain about here...
4	I love lunch for breakfast and my husband loves a hearty breakfast. This is the place. Great size portions and the same friendly faces. Every time I go in the restaurant is buzzing  with full tables inside and out. Great family style atmosphere. I will keep going back.
4	Just moved here from Cali, and we've been looking for a burger joint like the Norms in Cali. Went here and it reminds me of home! Definitely coming here to try other menu items!
3	nothing special....but a decent dining experience.  agree with another reviwer that the owner's wife (or manager... not quite sure) wasn't very friendly.  portions are generous, but I ordered over-easy eggs which came out over-hard!  nice decor and our server was friendly.
5	Yum, yum, yum!!!! I cannot say enough about Jim's. We live close so this is a great go to. I love their burgers, their patty melt is to die for, the Ruben is piled high with mouth watering meat and kraut. My kids love the burgers, grilled cheese and fries. I've also had their pancakes, country fried steak and eggs and pastrami omelet! I've NEVER had a bad meal here. The place is clean, well kept and the staff is kind and helpful. I hope they stay around, I don't see how they couldn't since they are always busy. Eat on, my friends, eat on!
4	When I crave a California style burger, this is the spot. Everything I've tried here is full of flavor. I did see an interaction between a Middle Aged woman at the cashier counter with one of the younger female employees where the older woman, I'm assuming is one of the owners of the place, and she was pretty nasty. I'm just saying that makes for an unhappy place to work, and this could be a fun first work experience for someone.
2	Concept is good. Service is not so friendly at least when placing the order. Short matter of fact don't ask me any questions place your order "NEXT!!"They really hyped their burgers and I found them less than desire able. I ordered the cheeseburger meal combo. My burger was overcooked, thin, dry and buried somewhere underneath a pound of lettuce.The french fries were over cooked and slightly cold but on the positive side the bun was fresh.No one checks back to see how your food was or whether you need any refills so after you get your food you're on your own!Overall my experience was meh.Hopefully I just caught them on a bad day as I can see where this restaurant would have potential with the right management and more attention to food preparation.
2	Out of town visitors and we stopped for lunch.  My wife and I along with her niece at 12:00.  We had a hamburger, onion rings with tea -- a Cobb salad with tea and a chili dog with a Pepsi to eat at the restaurant.  The "waitress" .... Sigh.   She brought me my hamburger.  That's it.  Then she brought the Pepsi.   Then she brought the salad and chili dog.  Then she brought two iced teas.  Then I had to ask for silverware -- you would have thought I had asked for a new car with her very poor attitude.  I asked about my onion rings -- nothing.  I waited 15 more minutes -- nothing.  I then went inside and spoke directly with Jim who made me a fresh order in less than two minutes.    The "waitress" needs a MAJOR attitude adjustment -- not to mention a tray to hold an entire order.  The current system of filling an order is a joke.  On the plus side, the food -- as it arrived piece by piece -- was very good.
5	We were driving from MN to CA and stopped here for a mid-morning breakfast. We placed our order at the counter, grabbed a mug and poured ourselves coffee. We sat down and enjoyed GREAT coffee while our meal was cooked. The food was delicious, reasonably priced and abundant. On top of this, there was a very friendly young woman who brought our food, refilled our coffee, and pleasantly directed us to the freeway nearby.  She was the best server we've had on our trip!
4	Food is delicious. My favorite is their breakfast but they have wonderful burgers too...yum....only down side to this place is their service. Their service at the front desk and waitress aren't that great. But then again this isn't a place where you would expect great service. Great food....hells yes
3	The burgers are yummy and quality was good. I ordered pastrami burger and like it.The service is week though. First of all they have rude and unfriendly cashier. She was a middle age lady and I told her "it's my first time coming here, what do you suggest me to order?" This is how she answered, unbelievable:"Well you got to choose faster sir, there are 4 people behind you!"They just serve the food and it's only one server for all tables. If you want fork for fries, you need to find a way yourself. I ordered sugar for my iced tea and never received it. The server is not even checking other tables to see if they need anything or no. And of course it's because she's busy and she has to do everything by herself.So except the food, there's nothing more attractive going on.
4	If I was rating just on breakfast, this would be 5 star, hands down. Their lunch/dinner items were just OK. Their omelets, however, are AWESOME and make this place one of my favorite breakfast spots in Surprise.
1	Horrible service,  they're always so rude! I won't be returning here and suggest you don't go either. Negative stars if I can give that.
2	went back to this place AGAIN because it was 230-3pm on a Saturday afternoon figured it would be pretty empty which it was. Its the only place in surprise you can get a quick not so much fast food burger. .. so we just ordered 1  burger 1 order fries and 1 order onion rings waited about 30-45 minutes. the food was brought out. i asked for our soda and the ranch i had ordered. she said ok..  our burgers were half gone and still she had not been back . finally went up to the counter the girl was not happy handed me me items. another lady was at the counter too asking for her drink .. they are a busy spot. .. they need figure out how to get people in and out of the place. they would probably make a lot more money... and if they would get some customer service skills it would improve a lot. .. it seems like after all these reviews they just really dont care either...
5	More than three years later still great California style family dining. The burgers have a great charbroiled flavor and the chili fries are perfect. You can always count on Phyllis and Team keeping you happy.
5	Fantastic food for a great price! Great place for couples and families! The people here are so friendly! Food is good for dinner and breakfast! Guaranteed we'll be back!!
2	I really hate to give this place 2 stars because quite honestly the food is good.  We have eaten there a handful of times since moving to Surprise in 2013 and not once have we been dissatisfied with what we order.  However, my reason for the 2 stars is solely because of the one older woman that works the register.  We have gotten her everytime we've been there to take our order and she is unpleasant to put it nicely.  At first, we chalked it up to a bad day.  My husband and I both work in customer service, so we understand the frustrations.  We are very patient, especially with food service.  It's not an easy job - we get it.  However, after the second, third, fourth time of having a similar encounter with this woman, we realized she is just an unhappy miserable person who really should work behind the scenes.  She is very rude and no matter how hard you try to kill her with kindness, her negative energy swallows any and all positive energy you try to give her way.  We would honestly go there more if we didn't risk having to deal with her.  She ruins the experience of eating out, and I would prefer not to waste money being made to feel unwelcome and uncomfortable.  So if you can put one employees unpleasantness aside - it is worth dining there on occasion.  If you have no tolerance for bad customer service, avoid it at all costs.
4	Updating my review. Still four stars and still the best burgers in Surprise (in fact quite probably the entire West Side, although admittedly I haven't actually eaten at ALL the burger joints on the WS). However, there are a couple of disappointing aspects. Firstly, I tend to agree about the front-desk woman. Sometimes (RARELY) she has good days and has had a friendly comment for me in the past. But if there's more than one person in line she doesn't handle it well, just wants to get your order and get you out of her face. Your best bet is to prepare your order in your mind well before you get to the counter and then just clearly state it to her without asking any questions. Ask anything and she'll tire of you real quick. Other server girls are fine. Except for the one dunce that looked at me weirdly when I asked for water, then when departing my table area promptly bumped her shoulder right into the corner of a wall and went "Ow!" Her face was sour as a lemon's @rse for the rest of the time we were in there.They are now just filling glasses of water and leaving them on the front counter just to the left of where you order. If you want water and are dining in, don't forget to grab a cup on your way to a table.This place REALLY needs to throw away their mustard and ketchup bottles and get new ones. They're evidently the same bottles, possibly never washed or wiped but refilled a thousand times since they first opened. The mustard bottles are dingy. The ketchup bottles look like props from a Ron Jeremy flick. There's no reason why they can't simply get proper, clean squirt bottles for the tables and have some sort of semblance of cleanliness - I feel like I want to wash my hands after every time I touch those things. I would normally give this place a flat three, but it still keeps its quad-star rating based purely on the taste of the food, everything I've had here or seen others have here looks and tastes all-world. The main guy knows what he's doing and it's all out quickly and efficiently. And you can tell the cuisine is good by how busy the place gets at mealtimes.They've had this same sign on the tables for months now, something about a "coming soon" promotion from Limelight Networks that will allow them to advertise local businesses. Hasn't happened yet, dunno what that's all about. Finally, I'd suggest that this place quit doing their ridiculous car shows every so often and jamming up the parking lot with what appear to be clunkers salvaged straight out of Bubba's Wrecking Yard. Cars have nothing to do with burgers. Neither does yogurt. That yogurt place down by Reems and Greenway did car shows and we all know what happened to them, eh?Anyway. GO EAT AT JIM'S. And always remember, deliver your order slowly and clearly to counter lady. Questions or small talk carry a risk.
5	We were out looking for a new place to eat and came across this place. We thought we would give it a try. We are glad we did! They have a great selection of menu items.  I had the Cobb salad and my husband had the gyro. The girls had chili and a cheese burger with fries. Then we added on chili cheese fries. That was the big hot with the kids. I would recommend this place. Try it out sometime!
