4	ok...we were visiting the rents and we wanted (i did) barbecue....they suggested sticky fingers because it was just around the corner from their house...we had never heard of sticky fingers before (we live in florida) so we said why not...we got there and read a little about them...Memphis barbecue chain in Charlotte...hmmmm i think.... so wanting to try a few things...they have several new items according to the menu....i tried a sampler platter... slab of ribs,new smoked turkey and new smoked sausage..first --the turkey  this i liked alot...nice and juicy slab of turkey with a very good taste i would get this again..second the sausage... also very good ..now the ribs -- i tried memphis dry rub ...and they were very dry...the slab i had looked like it had been cut hours ago and stuck under a heat lamp..the two ends were very dry..but once i got into the middle section the flavor was very good and they give u a selection of sauces at the table from the standard carolina mustard sauce to a very hot habanero sauce..i used the memphis sweet sauce on the ribs and it was good...as far as sides we tried mac and cheese..very creamy and did remind me of my grandmothers mac and cheese..good but not spectatculargreen beans ..standard green beans ..i liked themand we tried the new fried corn on the cob .its new to the menu and they are working on it according to our waitress..it had a good flavor with a rub on it before it was deep fried.but could use a butter sauce after imo..so all in all if u are in the ballantyne area..and want memphis barbecue i would try them out...and when we do visit charlotte again..we will too
1	Based on the other reviews, I must have gone on the worst possible day.   I was staying in a hotel accross the street, craving BBQ, and the reviews were favorable, so I thought I'd give it a try. Not the worst barbeque I've ever had...but close.  I ordered the sampler platter, and afterward, I felt like I had thrown my money away.  The ribs must have been from the day before...they were more like jerky than meat.  I could barley eat 3 of them.  The chicken was dry, pulled pork was ok, but it was cold.  The sauces were tasty, I just wished I had some decent meat to put it on.  I only finished the mac and cheese and the collard greens, which were ok.  I probably should have sent it back, but I didn't see how it could be fixed, so I  just cut my losses and got out of there.
4	The first thing I usually do when I fly to Charlotte from the west coast is stop by and get some ribs. Their habanero sauce is to die for, kinda on the hotter side - but the flavor packs a punch. And since you're here for the ribs, don't forget their BBQ pulled pork sandwich. Their potato salad complements pretty much everything on the menu, as does the slaw and greens. In short - get extra sauce.
5	For a chain type place the ribs are unbelievable!!!! My advice is to order them with just a dry rub and then use which ever sauce u like best (habanero is real good if you like spicy stuff) as a dipping sauce.
4	My buddies and I were in North Carolina for a friend's wedding and this place was near our hotel.  We went to this place right after we got off the plane.  So keep in mind, this rating is based off of my hunger level after I hadn't eaten anything for five hours.Sticky Fingers's attempted selling point is the six or seven different sauces it offers for it's ribs.  While I appreciated the variety of the sauces, they didn't really jump out at me as being different from BBQ sauces from other BBQ places.  I wouldn't get too caught up in the type of sauces to get, just make sure you stay away from tastes that you don't enjoy, i.e., no haberno sauce if you don't like spicy stuff.However, the meat was well prepared: slightly pink flesh near the bones with good warmth and moisture.  The meat was tender and fell right off as soon as I took a bite.The service was good.  Dishes came at good speeds and our server was attentive.
4	This place is not fancy, by far, but delicious food. They have a great selection of yummy meats, as well as a variety of bbq flavors to cover them in. I'm from Mississippi and I've tried several bbq places up here that just aren't that good, but this place gives you the opportunity to try some not-too-shabby bbq as well as friendly staff and a great environment.
2	I have been here a couple of times because everyone at my office LOVES this place... but on both visits (lunchtime during the weekday) we had slow service and wait-staff were not very attentive or helpful.   I gave them only 2 stars because the service was not up to par on either occasion and the food seems to be really hit or miss. Since I don't partake in pork,  I had chicken on both visits.  The first time, I wanted something relatively healthy, so I chose the summertime grilled chicken salad.  it included grilled chicken served on mixed greens with bleu cheese crumbles, apple slices, celery, raisins, mandarin oranges, red onions, sugared almonds w/Sweet Vidalia Onion salad dressing (on the side).  Normally, I love this  sort of salad, but this one had an odd taste - couldn't quite put my finger on it, but the flavors just did not mesh well.  I would not recommend this salad to anyone. On my second visit, I decided to steer clear of the salads, and this time I selected a grilled chicken breast prepared with Memphis Original Barbecue Sauce (comes w/lettuce & tomato on a toasted bun).  This was served with a side of fries.  It was a much better choice than the salad, but still nothing to write home about.  I would say it was just average. There are definitely a lot better restaurants in Charlotte and the Ballantyne area!
1	Food is terrible! Between the pulled pork, ribs and meatloaf, all were dry, overcooked and tasteless. They all seemed to taste like they were yesterday's leftovers and left in a warming oven. I had a baked potato which was undercooked like they threw it into the microwave for a few minutes. It was crunchy like celery and tasteless. I've never been to a place that they called a BBQ restaurant and had such poor quality where the wait staff tries to recommend what to avoid. There are a lot better restaurants in Ballantyne and surrounding areas. Don't waste your money on this one.
2	Food was just okay. Portions were small, service was so-so. Dessert menu is just sad. Not even in the same class as Mac's. Booths are small and uncomfortable. They were out of brisket at 6:30 on a Tuesday. What's up with that?
3	I knew Sticky Fingers was a chain (and I ordinarily avoid chain restaurants like the plague), but with a 12-person decision not getting anywhere for dinner the night before Thanksgiving, we all agreed a chain BBQ joint was probably the best bet to get us all in and have something for everyone. We piled in three cars and headed out.We were promptly seated in the inviting atmosphere (which wasn't loud at 8 p.m.). PBR on the menu was a win for me. Service was just so-so (I think our waitress was ready for the holidays), but the food was pretty great! I enjoyed tasting the different BBQ sauces before my meal arrived and while we chowed down on a couple of so-so appetizers. I had the Tennessee Wet ribs and they were delicious - I loved 'em.All in all, while the service left something to be desired, Sticky Fingers accommodated us very well and served up food that left everyone happy and full. And not fighting about who would pick the next meal!
3	So, my wife and I decided to visit this location on a Tuesday night as it has been over a year since our last visit.  From the looks of the place on our arrival it was absolutely DEAD.  I am talking only one table with two customers.  The server / hosts took approx 3 minutes to come from the back of the house, to seat us.  I was unsure that this would be a good experience, but we were seated, and our server (hostess) was very friendly and accommodating.I had the Rib / BBQ Combo plate w/ beans and fries (as pictured) with water, and my wife had the Chicken Salad.  The beans were hot had lots of flavor. The fries were fresh, and the BBQ was "just ok".  I am a BBQ fanatic and this is just the run of the mill chain BBQ.  Nothing special here, but I do like their sauces.  Maybe it's because of the sauces in the local grocery stores that keeps this place alive, but I can assure you.......if you do not want to fight the crowds, try Tuesday nights.NCFoodGuy
4	We just are in love with the smoked wings here as well as the chicken salads. The bread pudding is a fav as well.
5	Great hospitality, I went last week with my touring college prep program. The food was great I ate a bacon cheese burger with collard greens and seasoned grilled corn.
3	I passed this place a few times and we finally decided to try it. Cheese fries with jalapenos...is there something against using fresh jalapenos on food in the south??? They use jarred jalapenos so they were that nasty green color, and if it tasted like anything it was watery vinegar. Bleh.We also ordered wings and ribs. First of all I love baby back ribs of all kinds of ribs. Sticky Fingers uses the St Louis style ribs which I am not a fan of but actually didn't mind it here as they were actually made very well here.   We used the "favorite" Carolina sweet for our sauce. Not bad but nothing to write home about. The chicken wings were okay but my husband said he really enjoyed them. I guess I prefer them a little crispier and not rubbery.  The sauce we ordered for the wings was the habanero hot.  These wings were not habanero hot at all, if using a scale of peppers it was more like black pepper on wings. I was disappointed about that.Overall the service was good, the food is okay for a chain, and I wish they used fresh jalapenos and actually the right heat for the wings they're describing.
4	Located across the street from the hotel we were staying at...we decided to stop in. Was late, so the place was pretty much empty except for maybe two other tables. The employees were pleasant and quick...explained their different rib sauces. The ribs we had were good as was the rest of the meal. You should try the fried corn on the cob...it was awesome. :)
4	Sticky Fingers never fails for me.  I'm in love with the dry rub seasoning for the ribs and the seasoned fries are addictive.  Their customer service is great and the one time we had a problem (they burned my friend's corn and they forget to bring my to-go order of stew), the manager came right over, never hesitated and made it right.
4	LOVE!!! This place!Every time I go its great service and great food and the prices are very reasonable too! Today I tried the newest addition to their lunch menu the Turkey Burger! It comes with lettuce, tomato, onions, mozzarella cheese. With your choice of side and a drink for only $7.99 I think this is an awesome deal! The turkey burger was hot and juicy cooked to perfection and the cheese melted on top! So good, of course to kick it up a notch I added the spicy habanero barbecue sauce! Great flavors and just the right about if kick!For my side I opted for the fried corn...trust me you will love it! It's amazing crispy and juicy at the same time! Yummy! I always have a great time here and it's great food! What could be better?!?!!?
5	I know everyone would think this is a typical chain rib joint but what most don't know is that they have THE best wings in the area.  The wings are very large and smoked to perfection.   They can be tossed in sauce but are best just plain.  The staff and management are very friendly and very accommodating.
1	Brutal waitress, overlooked ribs, the pulled pork was not savory. Decent sauces.
1	I rarely have bad experiences at restaurants, but this one was very disappointing.Food:  The ribs were tough and undercooked.  Had they been cooked properly, they wouldn't have been so fatty and stringy.  It's hard to describe just what I mean about the fat, because you do expect it to be there with ribs.  But when cooked properly it has a much different texture, and with these ribs, it wasn't right at all.  I also ordered green beans, and these were obviously just nuked from a can, no flavor at all. My mashed potatoes were barely warm and I found something that I'm praying was a skin in them, but it was rather disturbing.Service:  Our waitress was barely even our waitress.  She never smiled at us once, but then she only came by our table to take our order and bring our check.  We were not offered drink refills and we had to ask the manager for bread that normally comes when you sit down.  (Not that I care for it, it's like cupcakes made with cornmeal, but the hubs likes it.)Overall Atmosphere:  The majority of the staff seemed surly, like maybe something was going on behind the scenes.  There was no warmth to this place at all, nothing felt friendly.It also didn't seem clean.  Our table was tacky and just looking around I could see dirty sauce bottles on other tables, and tables that were supposedly waiting for customers but looked like they hadn't been cleaned well.I have dined at a different location of this chain multiple times and always been very satisfied with my food and service.  The Pineville location, however, is a huge disappointment.  I may still give the other location another try, but if overall quality is lacking, I'll be done forever.
2	Wow, this is just bad food, even for a chain. Went there for lunch because a client wanted to try it, and the only good thing was he paid for it because he felt bad for suggesting it. The ribs were dry and stringy, and the pulled pork was not much better. The service was on par with the food - you'd think that once a restaurant managed to get you to try their place, they would at least make a reasonable effort to give you decent service, and lose the surly attitude.
4	As a Yankee I just had to have some BBQ before leaving the Queen City. There are not many good BBQ joints in my neck of the woods. This place came recommended by family members living in the area, open on a Sunday night and offered takeout.With 4 adults and 2 kids we looked at their menu online.  We decided to get 1 lb of pulled chicken, 1 lb of pulled pork and an order of beef brisket. Our family member then requested two of each different sauces:  habenero, Memphis style, original and of course Carolina style.  The order came with 4 buns with each 1 lb order.  All the family members left the table quite satisfied. Highly recommend Sticky Fingers for BBQ if your in the area and that is coming from a Yankee with family in the area. :)
4	Ribs are special. Dry or wet. And the smoked and BBQ chicken is great. All the sides are good and the selection of sauces is great. Try the corn muffins. Bet you can't eat just one. Would be a great dessert but it comes with the meal platters. Worth ordering an extra meal to take home. Very friendly staff. Large facility so usually get seated quickly.
1	Did order out rack of ribs and a BBQ pork sandwich for 30 dollars.  Ribs were fine but the sandwich was not put together in separate containers which would have been ok but there was not enough meat for even half a sandwich, the bun was stale and it came with onion rings which were cold and could not be eaten.  Take my advice and stay as far away from this place.  Being from Memphis I can be a little snobbish but this was junk.
3	A high three-star rating, could grow into a four.  Tried Sticky Fingers in Greensville, SC and now here in Charlotte.  Both times with grandchildren, so can say that it is kid friendly and there is a decent child's menu.They have about five BBQ sauces to try, which is nice once because you serve yourself and two because you can sample.  A lunch buffet is there which has basically chicken and BBQ pork along with some veggies and starches.  Not very appealing unless you want chicken or pork.Good menu and endless iced tea.  Servers are on top of things and prices are reasonable.  There is also a full bar.Did like the brisket potato and there is BEEF BRISKET, a rarity in the pork dominant south.  And it is very good.Clean place and can accommodate lots of people.
3	I'd say a 3 1/2, almost a 4. The prices were decent for the amount of food given. I ordered the pulled pork platter- it was pretty tasty but could use some sauce or flavoring. My boyfriend got the ribs which were super moist and fell right off the bone.I tried all of the BBQ sauces on the table and was not impressed at all. They all had a strange, plasticky taste to them. Overall I'd go again. Decent meal for a decent price and very close to home.
1	I have been excited to go to this restaurant for awhile, and finally I got my wife (not a fan of BBQ) to give it a go. The experience started out great... the manager Danny seated us, commented on how he had recently won a competition for best ribs and even gestured to the award on the wall.When it came time to eat, this is where the meal went downhill. My wife's meal was wrong and she had to send it back (she ordered nachos with chicken) but at first glance my full rack of ribs was fine. As I started eating, my wife asked "Are ribs supposed to be that pink?" The meat was a little pink, but i figured they just wanted them to be tender. However, as i progressed however the rack was less and less cooked, going from pink to red. I looked over at my wife's plate and she was literally picking out the PINK portions of chicken. We asked to speak to the manager and he never came back to the table.Long story short, if you like your chicken rare, and your ribs even more so, then sticky fingers in Ballantyne is for you. If you prefer to not roll the dice on a night hugging the porcelain... then stay away.
2	Went about 3:00 knowing it wasn't lunch or dinner. That waitress never told us her name but started with "what do you want to drink?" Cornbread was great, warm and fresh. My friend got hush puppies and they were raw in the middle. The pork was dry. Finally at the end I got the to go boxes myself and had to walk to the bar to get her for bills. She had two other tables when we got there and they were gone shortly after. I did get some sauces to go and they were reasonably priced. Won't be back.
5	The smell of BBQ radiated throughout the parking lot. I couldn't wait to get inside.  I ordered the famous Rib and Wing (Capital O.M.G).  The server (Tricia) was extremely helpful and told us all about there homemade and smoking process.  One thing that we found out,  was that smoking meat for long periods of time can turn the meat a slight pinkish color. COOL!  As my side I had creamy mac and cheese and collards. The collards were amazing, I couldv'e sworn my granny made them.  I am not from the South and good BBQ food is hard to find in the Northeast.  I had been to Charlotte multiple times and my Aunt had brought me to Sticky Fingers (since I always make it a point to eat BBQ when in Charlotte). Best BBQ yet, next time your in the Queen City make sure you get Sticky!
4	Good option for lunch, although a bit on the pricey side. A big Thank you to Jordan for taking care of us and getting drinks refilled quickly.
1	I should have known better than to order anything but BBQ ribs at this place...in fact when I told my server how poor my item was she said...'well we're really known for our ribs'... like it was OK to serve other items prepared poorly!. She should have told me before I ordered a smoked turkey sandwich!The sandwich bread was like goo (I asked for it to be toasted), the lettuce tasted like it came from a bag of week old shredded taco lettuce and the smoked turkey was a bunch of burnt ends! Burnt turkey ends!!! What ever happened to good old fashioned slices? The meat was like jerky!!! What a lousy sandwich...I'll never go back!!!!Thank goodness there was some decent potato salad or I would have given them 0 stars.
4	Solid BBQ ribs chain.  Good variety of sauces.  Wife enjoyed the smoked turkey salad.  Really good ribs.  Solid option for sit down chain style food.
2	The place was empty and I know why.  I got a pulled BBQ sand which and some dry ribs.  The bun was died out.  I think it was stale and they toasted it.  The pork was dry too.  Under a heat lamp too long?  The ribs were good.  One thing that upset me was that 1 person did not get their food until 6-7 minutes after the rest of the table.  No free dessert of comp.  I thought this restaurant used to be good in a southern kind of way.  They lost something.  No longer are the plates that make your mouth water.  It is replaced with it's ok or I thought they were better.  I would not be surprised if this went out of business.
1	Is it because it's Monday or has this previously good BBQ joint gone bad due to management?  2 of us came in for lunch. Place was about 80% empty. Ordered a chicken salad and pulled pork sandwich. Both were dry. Also ordered iced tea which was fine except they frown on letting you take a cup to go now without an additional charge.  We let server know our meat was dry. No manager visit or offer to fix the problem. Slaw was moist and tasty though.
1	My gf and I came in at about 8pm on a Friday night expecting a wait. As we were seated we wondered why it was so dead and soon realized! The wait staff was great but the food was barely above buffet quality. I had the rib sampler and was only able to eat it after I drenched in one of there "spicy" habenero sauces. The Mac n cheese was on par with kfc. I would not recommend this place and will definitely be going to Jim n Nicks next time where I know the food is great.
2	Came here for a work lunch on a Tuesday.  Six of in all, with four us early and two a bit later.  I had to get back for a 13:00 meeting and told the waiter as much, but still didn't get out on time because they were struggling with the bill - funny, as there were only about a dozen people in the whole restaurant!  Smoked sausage sandwich was OK; nothing spectacular but OK.  We did get the fried pickles as an appetizer and enjoyed them.  OK for a work lunch, with reasonable prices, but waitstaff really disappoints.
3	I brought two friends with me to this Sticky Fingers: one who's from Georgia and is accustomed to eating Southern BBQ and the other from Northern Michigan where there's not much BBQ available. I've been to several hundred BBQ places in the Midwest and South. My friend from Georgia and I felt Sticky Fingers is average chain BBQ, just like Famous Daves. The guys from Michigan raved about it and bought all their sauces to bring home. This story is a great barometer for Sticky Fingers. If you're used to eating a decent Southern BBQ spots, the food won't excite you. It'll be like eating Italian at Olive Garden or a burger at Chilis. Meanwhile, if you're from a part of the country where BBQ isn't a mainstay, Sticky Fingers will likely become your favorite spot to hit next time you're in town. Either way, this Sticky Fingers does a good job at providing solid service in a relaxed, friendly and clean atmosphere that's good for families and friends. The food is average, but nothing on the menu is bad. And, fortunately, there's many platter options which aid in allowing you to try multiple meats and sides. The pulled pork, pulled chicken, brisket and other meats have flavor, but are normally dry. Fortunately, there's plenty of different sauces on the table to try and lather them up a bit. The sides are also average. Most don't taste homemade, but I doubt many people notice this. Regardless, Sticky Fingers is a successful regional chain that will fill your belly without taking too much money out of your pocket. You'll likely enjoy your time here and if you're from outside The South, a 5-star rating might be possible. If you're from The South expect average and you'll enjoy every bite.
1	12/29/14 - attempted lunch there using a DoubleTake offer.  The business had a sign stating it was closed as of 12/28/14 & the nearest location is Concord, NC.  There was some guy waiting outside who also told us the placed was closed for good.
