4	Great new fast-casual that is open for breakfast or lunch!   Great addition to downtown for lunch!Fresh Fire-Roasted Flatbread Pizza, panini sandwiches, soup and salad.  Pizza with a purpose!   Have been to the other location and now to this location.  Delicious Flatbread Pizza, salads, breakfast panini and Wood-fired wings.  You can be creative and create your own pizza or sandwich.  Had the Capocollo flatbread sandwich with lettuce tomato cheese and fire roasted onions and the dry-rubbed wings.  Delicious!
4	I agree this is a welcome lunch spot.Menu is Flatbread pizza (14" or a slice) of various traditional styles, plus meat lovers, garden veggie and buffalo chicken. That'll set you back $10-15 or $3-4/slice. 8 Flatbread sandwiches from $5-8 with lots of different roasted veggies. Salads and wings.I had a roasted portobello sandwich. The mushroom was roasted in a balsamic sauce with onions and cheese on the housemade flatbread. The oven fired flatbread was easily the best part, if not just a tad on the bland side (just add salt!)I'll be back. Two years ago I would have said $8-10 for lunch was expensive but it seems like that is just the going rate in downtown pittsburgh for anything beyond subway.
5	Super! Not only is this some of the best pizza you can get, but its "pizza with a purpose". The restaurant hires underprivileged kids who would otherwise find it hard to find a job. Read the postings on the dream wall while waiting for your order.
3	OK place to grab some pizza and wings.  The pizza was good but nothing outstanding.  I did not have any wings but they did not look all that great.
5	City Oven has great quality food, especially the Oven Fired Sandwiches! I stop in almost twice a week for lunch during my busy work day. Personally love the Chicken Pesto Sandwich and the White Pizza! -- Also, very convenient to stop in for a quick Egg & Cheese sandwich on my way to work!
4	I am very happy with City Oven. I have to eat Gluten Free and have tried so far a regular cheese, veggie and buffalo chicken pizza which have all been great. I don't like many GF pizzas but enjoy this one. The wait will be a little longer than usual due to them putting on gloves and making sure its cooked right for you but its worth waiting for because they do what they should. I definitely recommend to stop there!
