5	After doing my research I decided to go to Dr Caniglia because he specializes in facial surgery only and uses local anesthesia with intravenous sedation. I am thrilled with my outcome. I had a facelift, blepharoplasty (upper and lower eyelid) and submalar (midface) implants. The outcome is that I look like myself just refreshed - just not tired and old. I love the look and feel of my face. The jowls are gone... I LOVE IT. It has been about 5 weeks since my surgery and it is still getting better and better. This whole experience has been great - everyone involved is most genuine and professional. They are the best in my opinion.
5	Excellent botox and juvederm. :-)
1	I received lip injections from Dr. Caniglia. I was skeptical because when I called the receptionist informed me he did not have before and after pictures of his patients for this particular procedure. I went against my better judgement since Dr. Caniglia specializes in facial plastic surgery.Dr. Caniglia rushed through the procedure and did not shape my lips. I was left with asymmetry from too much filler in one side of my lip. This is a direct result of the skill and experience of the injector. I was told I would need to pay for another syringe for him to "correct" the results. Dr. Caniglia's techniques seem dated and I will need to have another surgeon correct the bad injections.Lesson learned I will not go to a plastic surgeon who does not have before and after pictures available for the specific procedure I want.
1	Had a lower face lift plus co2 laser last Oct 2014.  Cost over $16,000 was left with scar down my neck from a 2nd modifcation and sagging skin on jaw line.  Not happy with results.
5	Loving my younger look!!   I was excited and nervous to get the new Voluma filler in my cheeks a month ago however it was so worth it!!  My friends said I looked years younger when they saw me during the holidays. Woohoo!!!   I really believe it takes an artist who is highly skilled for these type of injections so I would most definitely recommend Dr. Caniglia as he is a specialist in the face and neck and comes highly recommended.
5	Loving my younger look!!   I was excited and nervous to get the new Voluma filler in my cheeks a month ago however it was so worth it!!  My friends said I looked years younger when they saw me during the holidays. Woohoo!!!  I really believe it takes an artist who is highly skilled for these type of injections so I would most definitely recommend Dr. Caniglia as he is a specialist in the face and neck and comes highly recommended.
