1	Teachers are great.  Principal and leadership are terrible.  The PTA was recently forced out by the current leadership.  They simply want nothing to do with parents or any involvement from parents unless they have complete control.  Ot's a pity as the teachers are very good here, my son loves them.  But the leadership ranks about as low as I have ever seen in an school.
3	This school has a fantastic teaching staff. My daughter thoroughly enjoys going to school because of her teachers and I really appreciate the wonderful extras her class does.  I am however really disappointed in a few things. First, I am a parent who WANTS to be involved in my child's education and I feel I was kept at a distance. Despite volunteering for everything I could in my child's class I was never called on. Second, the traffic situation at this school in the morning is awful... Completely AWFUL!  Every morning hundreds of parents neglect to follow any traffic or safety laws in an attempt to rush their children into class on time. They also park the buses out front of the school in the same lanes as parental drop off cutting the lanes down to one crowded mess where parents are either blocked in by the bus or double parking to drop their kids off. It is a nightmare.  Third, the dismissal at this school happens over a 5-8 minute time span.  You are technically allotted 10 min. But everyone closes up shop early leaving parents scrambling to get kids. After all that there are only 2 very badly managed entrances and exits so you will end up battling an infuriating amount of traffic with the most inconsiderate drivers in the world.    Let me sum up by making one thing clear, despite all the negatives above I do love the education my daughter is receiving at this school and because of that I will of course keep her here. There are however some serious issues NOT related to education that need to be addressed.
2	This is my first year at this school. Teachers are great, office staff not so great. Those who are responsible for opening gates for parents are jerks. They only open the small gates and created chaos with those who are riding a bike, have strollers and difficult for the elderly to get through. The office admin are inconsiderate. I don't like their staff. 8 have called to complain about the gates and safety and nothing has been done. The worst parent drivers. I always have to carry a bat because parents run the stop signs and never stop for people crossing in a crosswalk. The staff has no compassion for families.
