1	RUN FAR AND FAST FROM HERE!!!!! lived here for 3 years and by far the worst place in las vegas, the office staff sucks they are the rudiest bunch of morons I have ever seen. I have a long list of problems we had here, for example. my fiance was assaulted by another resident and when I reported it to the office ( after I called the cops) they didnt care, we went without heat in the middle of winter more then once, I was told when I called after hours for maintence that they can only come out if it is below 40 degress.... huh? the pool is always locked up unless you get 5 straight 100 degree days so dont think about going swiming till like july, people park in my covered spot all the time when I call the office or security they say yeah we'll tag the car in english that means we dont care, now when I gave my 30 day notice told them I would be out on 6/1 they want rent for that day... huh? why would I pay rent for 6/1 if I am leaving on 6/1? so do I get a days rent back for 5/31 since I dont get to stay that day? of course not! oh yeah and at least once a month they were shutting the water off in my building cause of some leak they had to fix nice to wake up and go to take a shower and not have water... and when I would call to complain and to explain that I needed to get ready for work they again didnt care. trust me  I would rather have my leg chopped off with a rusty knife then be beaten to death with that limb then stay here.
4	I have absolutely loved living at Vintage at the Lakes. While apartment shopping, I knew Vintage was an ideal location because of the beautiful landscaping, personable staff and the lovely apartments. Anne and Kim have been so helpful and warm whenever I needed anything, and I will miss them both. The pools are always well maintained and the gym boasts equipment for a total-body workout, plus a dry sauna. The surrounding area is also a huge plus, with a plethora of restaurants and proximity to Boca Park, Red Rock, etc. I am only leaving because I landed a new job across the city (I wish I could take Vintage with me!). I highly recommend Vintage at the Lakes and will remember my time here fondly.
1	Just horrible. Lived here for 4 years without a problem. New management took over. Last year the office's night drop box for rent checks was broken into and all the rent checks in there that night were stolen, forged and cashed. After providing proof from Western Union that we had bought our rent check and it had been one of the checks that had been stolen, we were told not to worry about the situation anymore. Then every month, after we paid rent, we would get harassed for the "missing" rent money. Again we would provide the paperwork needed to prove our check had been stolen out of THEIR night drop box. But every month they seemed to forget they told us not to worry and continued to harass us more and more. Can I also say they didn't have a security guard or cameras or anything to protect thousands of dollars of their residents and clients money and it's our problem it got stolen??!!! They even said they knew who did it so WTF???After months of stress I finally wrote a letter to corporate explaining the situation and how rude the office staff was and how much of a moron the manager had been every time I talked to her.Instead of caring about what their customers were going through, corporate not only wrote me a rude email back, THEY EVICTED US BECAUSE WE WOULDN'T PAY THE STOLEN RENT MONEY THAT THEY GOT STOLEN IN THE FIRST PLACE!!!!! This was like six months after the fact. Six months of my life dealing with their harassment then getting kicked out after we'd been there for 4 years and ALWAYS paid rent on time!!!! And I had provided every piece of proof and paperwork they had asked us for. Ridiculous. The only positive is that we finally got out of the sh@!hole that is Las Vegas.Don't waste your hard earned money here!!!
1	This place is a joke. The office staff is rude. The offer all these amenities which will be unavailable for moat of my lease. Who takes a pool at of use right before summer in Vegas? A new management company took over and raised my rent $150 a month for nothing! It has taken 10 months to fix my dishwasher.  Do not waste your hard earned money here.
4	My husband and I moved here last June. We've had some problems, but never with management. Our downstairs neighbors love to blast music, and we never complained, but they had the nerve to come up our personal stairs to tell us we walk too loud... I assured them we were not having elephant parades, but were still taking classes on learning to hover. Another incident happened when we had the unfortunate occurrence of a dog getting out and running into the middle of the street. Luckily, we were only going 5 mph and though we hit him, he ended up being fine. The owners were very upset with us - understandably so under the circumstance, so we said sorry and parted ways. They contacted us about us potentially paying for their dog if he needed surgery. Unfortunately , it was their fault their dog got out - and we were nice enough to not mention that legally they technically should be paying for the large dent in our hood seeing as how their adorable dog is their responsibility. But, we were just glad the dog was okay. We also were once locked out of the house - literally a door knob malfunction. Both of our keys were inside the house, as we just went out to get something I had left downstairs. Unfortunately the people at the call center that the calls go to at night laughed at me and said they don't do lockouts after I assured them it was a door malfunction. I luckily had my phone but we were in pjs and had no shoes. We stayed at a friends house, and even though we had work the next day, the office didn't open until 9, so we were late. All together, any problems I have had were fixed quickly and efficiently. I was a tad surprised reading other reviews. Kim and Ann know our names and always ask about our wedding and what's happening. They are very personable and reliable. Maintenance is great. My only complaint is that a portion of our rent goes towards the gym and two pools, but the gym and two pools are both closed. :( oh, and parking here is sometimes harder than Walmart on Black Friday.
3	Kim and Ann are so nice and helpful. They understand the issues that the residents have even though they can't always help, but they are always cheerful.
1	DO NOT MOVE HERE!!! whatever you do , seriously don't even consider this disgusting place. I've never had such a horrible experience living anywhere. This has been the worst year, from our window getting broken , I even wrote a police report but the office didn't give 2 craps, they left the window broken for 3 days without fixing it, let's not forget there's 2 babies living in this apartment. The gate code gets changed all the time without any notice so you will have to wait until someone figures out how to get in. The parking is ridiculous you will have to park veryyyy far from your "home" .. My sink has been clogged up for weeeeeeks & I've called , left voicemails & no one comes to fix it. I'm sure mold in growing on there, if I get sick I promise I'm suing you vintage at the lakes. This place sucks!!!!!
1	Oh, and if it doesn't bother anyone, they raised our rent over $100.  I would be fine with it if the value went up since I moved in, but the value of the property has not only gone down with depreciation, it is now a 15 year old property, and we do not have an office, a gym, nor a pool. So, my husband and I, who have just graduated college and barely could afford rent anyways, now have to figure out how to pay more.  Their pricing model has changed on the property in that they are now a competitively-based pricing model.  Once they match with the surrounding properties, they only thing to differentiate them will be the value of the property and the "extras" they offer... Which is none.  So, good luck keeping up your vacancy rate when leases are up.Mozel Tov.
1	Had an electrical fire today, after I got locked out of my house yesterday with a door malfunction, and the A/C has been out for 2 days now. But it's only 94 degrees in the house, so totally not too bad.
3	Apartments are in great location to strip and to summerlin. Very quiet and good layouts. Ann is amazing and was very helpful to me in moving in. Staff are friendly. Second pool was closed all summer long which proved horrible to have the tiny pool open. Received constant week long notices for repair work being done on apartments. Very hard to "work" with their schedule. We love the dog run!!!
4	Wow what horrible reviews Vintage has. Well, I have lived at Vintage for 5 years and I'm going to be living here for 1 more year before I get a house. I have had a pretty good experience living here for the most part. I live up stairs and don't really hear any of my neighbors unless they are playing music extra loud which has happened and I called the office and they took care of it right away. I pay $910 for a 2 bedroom 2 bath which I can live with because it's a lot cheaper than other places I have lived. The appliances are janky. My dishwasher has never worked but I don't really trust apartment dishwashers anyway so that's not a big deal. Electric stove  with one big burner and the rest small. The floor creaks in some parts of my place but that's not a big deal to me. There is a police station right behind the complex so there is heavy police activity. Helicopters flying over all the time. It's a nice place and I've had none of these issues the other tenants have. The roach problem it a Las Vegas problem. Welcome to the desert. I don't have much of an issue with that or spiders to the point of complaining. I had a problem with my dryer and they came out right away to fix it. The issues wasn't resolved so someone came right back out. Things have gotten better since the new owners as far as maintenance is concerned. The parking covers are not long enough so when it rains all the dirt and crap gets all over your car. I guess that's my biggest complaint. It really doesn't matter what apartment cpmplex you live in there will always be problems. I've had less problems here than other places I have lived. Also KIM in the office is AMAZING!!
1	Once you move in, the rent will only go up and the office staff will make sure to let you know that they don't care if you move out our not because their occupancy rate is so high that the cooperate doesn't care. Anything request you ask the answer will always be a hard cold NO.
2	The property is nice and the updated apartment interiors' feel like luxury living at a low price but what really hurts this place is the management. They have such a careless  attitude and the place is really suffering for it. When I moved in around June my mailbox key was broken I asked them about it and they would give me a master key to borrow but that only worked when they were open. Now key is fixed to the box (1 month and a half later) but there is gate around the mail box area and now my key to the gate doesn't work everyone I've seen says their gate key doesn't work either. The key to the pool and hot tub doesn't work and I've told them this back in June and got no help no new key nothing. The hot water in my apartment broke and it took 5 weeks for management to send someone out here to fix it! Right after that the heater broke and it still hasn't been properly fixed. The repair man was rude and unhelpful, when I asked what happened he said that it wasn't my job to know that stuff. I'm so out of here as soon as my lease is up the management is running this place into the ground!
2	Cheap rent I like the wood floors the staff sucks so bad tho they are not on top of anything they add fees like its a game had to take it up with the corporate lady and she was extremely nice and understanding and refund us our money back ... But the staff that works there sucks and the manager on site is a hot mess and needs to be fired
