5	The Las Vegas David Yurman Store is incredible!  The staff was incredibly hospitable to my friends and me the second we walked in the door.  We were offered champagne and immediate customer care.  It was not an intimidating, up-tight atmosphere, like a lot of other high end stores.  They custom-ordered my ring for me and received it one month earlier than expected.  My sales person was Patricia, and I really appreciated her multiple follow-ups with me on the status of my ring.Thanks for the great customer service!
5	A whole store w/ nothing but David Yurman & I'm in love!David Yurman & John Hardy are among my fav jewelry designers & this store in particular was just lovelyEven though we were super-slobby in jeans & baggy t-shirts, we were treated like royalty....not offered champagne like the reviewer below but it WAS 10:30 AM so maybe they thought it was inappropriate??I tried on more than several pieces & ultimately found this peridot ring & necklace I just *had* to have......wrapped up in elegant ( & heavy! ) David Yurman boxes & I'm good to goBTW - prices were CHEAPER than what you'll find at the DY site or at places like Neiman & this is *including* the NV sales taxVegas is meant for splurging & David Yurman was there to help!
5	What amazing customer service!  I visit Vegas about once a year.  I always stop here, always buy something, and always receive AMAZING service!  This time my sister and I had the good fortune to work with Christina F.  Turns out she is dating Joe who helped us last year (and was amazing) although he has moved on to the real estate industry.  Christina actually remembered us from last year and was so much fun.  We bought several things and then my sister mentioned a DY bracelet she had (purchased at Saks) where stone had fallen out a couple of days prior.  Christina was all over it and told my sis to bring in the next day and they would send off for replacement.  Wow!  I love this place.  I'm not gonna buy Yurman any place but here.  Oh, and did I mention that on Saturday they had a DJ?  And they have beverages and snacks?  We didn't indulge in bubbly until after we made our purchases, just to be sure we did it with sound mind.  :)
5	Highly recommend visiting this store if you love David Yurman and even if you are unfamiliar with Yurman jewelry.  The whole shopping experience was an event.  Christina helped my sister and me pick out several items (we both already have Yurman jewelry), but never with a hint of sales pressure.  We'd ask questions, Christina would bring something out of the case or out of the drawers behind the displays, we'd try on, then we'd move on to the next bracelet.  The customer service was above and beyond any jewelry store I have ever stepped into.  The quality of Yurman is unsurpassed, but when you couple that quality with the beauty of the pieces, the knowledge and joy of the staff, the music that rocks, and let's not forget the champaigne (which we chose to consume AFTER the purchases), I wish I could visit the store more frequently than once a year.
5	I absolutely love David Yurman jewelry. I had been eyeing up a new DY ring back home in Chicago for a month or so. I decided I would treat myself on my upcoming trip to Las Vegas. About 5 days before my arrival in Vegas I called the DY store in the Forum Shops to see if they had the ring I was looking for in the proper size. I spoke to a sales person named Pooja, she was very nice and very helpful. She said they had the ring in that size and said she would hold in the their safe for a couple days until I arrived. She did not require any payment at that time, not sure if that is because I am an existing DY customer in their computer or if this is just their regualr policy, but it was nice not having to give my CC info over the phone. When I arrived to pick up my ring the store was awesome, I saw several other things that I had to have. Pooja was not working when I arrived but somebody else helped out. She brought out the ring, it was the correct ring, fit perfectly so I said wrap it up.  The women that helped me noticed I was wearing some other DY pieces and offered to polish/clean them for me while I waited. GREAT SERVICE!!! I will make the DY store in the Forum Shops a regular stop on my future Vegas trips.
5	This is a great David Yurman shop. I was helped by Danny who cleaned all my pieces and found some easily repaired damage on my bracelet. Thank you, Danny.
5	I went to the David Yurman store on a mission. I had viewed a ring on line which I described to Sarah. She knew exactly which one I wanted,found my size and viola! A perfect fit. She cleaned the ring and I placed it on my finger. She also gave me cleaning tips for this beautiful piece of jewelry and my other Yurman pieces.  Sarah you are a class act and so is David Yurman Las Vegas.
5	I have had the pleasure of making quite a few purchase at the Las Vegas store. I have never been so impressed with a jewelry store. It's laid out beautifully, has an excellent selection, and a very well informed staff. I work with Lindsay whenever I come in to make a purchase. She has impeccable taste and very well educated on the company and jewelry. She never tries to up sale me, she always asks what price range I want to stay in, and she makes me feel comfortable during the process. After I make a purchase there is always a follow up phone call or email from her making site that my purchase was up to my expectations. I will continue shopping here and working with her. Great store!
5	Sales assistants are friendly and helpful.  Unfortunately they are in the middle of renovation now so not much selections there, I cant wait for the grand opening!
