5	The staff are the reasons we keep coming back!  My boyfriend always wears his Red Sox hat to Einsteins because it always starts some friendly bantering with the staff who seem to be Yankee fans.  They make us feel welcome in their restaurant, not like just another customer. It's always an enjoyable experience and the food is great! I have to give a shout out to Chris, the cashier, who always makes us laugh when we come in.
4	Those geniuses at Einsteins keep thinking up new and improved menu items to keep me coming in! The bagel poppers rock for breakfast (think tiny bagel nuggets with a dipping sauce), and my new favorite lunch is the bagel thin sandwich. I recently had the Turkey Bacon & Avocado Bagel thin (under 400 calories) and it was fabulous! Apparently I should clarify "turkey bacon" = "turkey bacon" not turkey & bacon - if you check yelp reviews in other cities this confusion gets people upset . The avocado was quality and it had a yummy chipotle mayo type thing on it that gave it a great flavor. I got it with some delicious chili... a relatively light satisfying lunch!
4	Einstein..... hmmm I hear Einstein and I think smart. I hear Bagel and I think delicious. So take those and slam them together you get a Smart and Delicious Bagel... I have tried multiple selections here from the pizza bagels which are good, the sauce is a little tangy, the ham and cheese bagel was great and the topper for me are the Breakfast sandwiches on a bagel. I think our buddy Albert would be proud to know that they are stepping outside of the bagel and making it something unique. One of the other things I tend to like this place for is the diversity, you can eat hear for breakfast or lunch and well I guess dinner and you have plenty of options. The service has always been spot on and friendly.. Keep it up I'm sure ole Albert is throwing a Wahoooo your way!!
3	Einstien Bros felt like our typical chain bagel house.  It's not bad nor exceptional .  I'm still waiting for one that can top my current favorite place, Bagel Me.
4	I'd rate this a 3 normally, but the young lady who waited on me was so pleasant that I'm giving them the extra star for exemplary service.I do wish they had regular salt bagels, but I'll make do with the pretzels bagels (with the salt) that are quite tasty!The parking can get a bit tight in that plaza at times, so it's not the most convenient location.  On the other hand, I jump right on the 215 and I'm hone in 6 minutes.  Not bad!
4	Great spot for a Bagel with Lox and Cream Cheese on a Saturday or Sunday morning.  The only thing is they tend to run out of bagels as the morning moves on so get there early so you can have your pick...
4	There's always a line at this place so I was a bit skeptical.  I don't want to wait in line for bagel and cream cheese :-)  However, I had to give a try the second time I was around this place.  I had the Turkey Sausage, Egg, Spinach, Mushroom, and Cheese on a Honey Wheat Bagel.  It was very filling and the bagel is very fresh.  Their coffee is great, which I am able to mix and match by doing a dark roast and autumn roast combination.
3	Service is always friendly. The food has always been good. It seems that they had a recent price increase and having to pay more than 10.00 for a bagel bucket seems unreasonable to me. They now cost 14.50 which means I will be going so ewhere else.
1	Fool me once, shame on you...fool me twice, shame on me.  Based on that philosophy, I should be giving myself only one star for making the assenine decision to return to this location.Several years ago, a co-worker and I were in a hurry to get several bagels for a breakfast presentation that had been forgotten.  In our haste, both of us stressed to the people behind the counter the importance of making sure each bagel was cut before they were put in the tray and we were, subsequently, told by two people that it would be done.  When we returned to the office, we discovered that none of them had been cut and we only had a few moments to hand cut two dozen bagels.This morning, my same co-worker and I stopped off for breakfast on the go.  We each ordered a toasted bagel with cream cheese and she ordered a blended coffee drink.  She received her blended coffee drink first and threw it away after one drink.  Apparently it tasted like "drinking espresso beans and that's all."  After the drink came and went, we stood and watched as the woman that had ordered after us received her prepared bagel sandwich.  The couple that ordered after her received their breakfast order.  And the couple that ordered after them received their bag of half a dozen bagels all sliced.  Let me reiterate that we ordered ONLY two toasted bagels with spread.  After a fifteen minute wait, our order was brought to us.There's a location on Rainbow that always manages to get things done while maintaining a decent amount of customer service.  I'd rather be late to work then frequent this location ever again.
4	Love Einstein Bagels!!
4	LOVE Einstein Bros bagels! Their 6 cheese bagels are sooo delicious. I always get fast and courteous service when I stop at this location...even when they are busy! Highly recommended!
4	Einstein is a great place to stock up on bagels of every different size, shape, and flavor.  They have a variety of cream cheeses as well.  The coffee is a little bland and they don't have a great selection of specialty coffees.  So stick with plain coffee and you should be delighted.
3	I admit it.  Having grown up in New Jersey I am a bagel snob.  Since I moved out west, I have been on the never ending search for a bagel that comes close to those crisp outside, soft inside treats you find in NJ and NYC.  At one point I would drive once a month to pasadena from San Diego to buy bagels that were almost as good but that place closed.  Einstein Bros is not the answer.  Their bagels wouldn't last a minute on any corner in my hometown.  That said, they are a tasty substitute until I find something better.  Their bagels are a bit smaller than I would like and I think they sacrifice quality in order to put out so many varieties.  They pacakge their bagels and schmears well and their lox cream cheese is good.  So far, it is the only place I can get a decent bagel and lox although I am certain someone will recommend another.The make good breakfast sandwiches and have a nice variety of drinks.  I love the bagel holes they sell.  This location is always busy and clean and the staff is always friendly.
4	This place has got me addicted to their bagels and shmear! I never lived close enough to a bagel place to frequent it, but with Costco offering discounted gift cards and with the many locations throughout Vegas (even one in the airport), I can't help myself. My favorite combos are definitely an Everything Bagel with Garden Veggie or Cinnamon with Honey Almond. There's usually a long line out the door during the morning, but I think it's mostly due to one of the female workers who's a bit slower on taking the orders. The people who ring you up or working on making and prepping the orders are super fast though and make up for it. I like how the workers will bring you your order directly if they see you getting up or remember you. Parking is super easy and convenient, but I wish all of the Einstein locations had longer hours.  Side note: The other day there was a boy selling newspapers outside and holding the door open for customers, he was very nice, but those newspapers were pricey. Maybe next time!
3	This was my first visit to this location.  It was located on W Flamingo Rd/near S Fort Apache Rd in Las Vegas.  We came in for National Bagel Day.  They were offering a free bagel with schmear with the purchase of any beverage.  We did not need a coupon.  Yeah!  I was pleasantly surprised to see Green Chile Cheese Bagels that I have bought in Albuquerque and Denver.They had balloons all over to celebrate the festivities.  The line was long to place an order, but she repeated back to me my order for accuracy.  The 2 gals at the cash register were just waiting to ring people up.  The tables needed to be wiped off.A manager came by to see how everything was.  I would come back.
4	I am definitely a fan of Einstein Bagels, love the bagels, love the shmear, LOVE my Nova Lox & Bagel. Love it all!!!!  :-)
4	Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 16/100Einstein Bros Bagels as a company is great! I never have a bad bagel or experience. Bagel:I chose to try the $3.99 special- which includes a medium coffee and bagel w/ cream cheese.  During my last visit, I opted for a pretzel bagel with a shmear of veggie cream cheese, and it was HEAVENLY!  If there is one thing I love about running- it's the guilt free bagels I get to  gobble down. Mmm Mmm- Sorry Paleo fans .. more bagels for me!Coffee:As for their Coffee drinks ...they give Starbucks a run for their money- at least when it comes to price. For their non straight coffee drinks you get a punch card and every 5 or so drinks is free. That's really great deal. My favorite is their Vanilla Hazelnut coffee.Service: Service here was fast and the staff was friendly and feverishly working on cranking out order after order since the place was hopping. Can't ask for much more.
4	They are really busy Saturday mornings but its my absolute favorite place to get bagels right now. The pretzel bagel toasted with plain cream cheese and a green tea is my favorite combo.
1	I ordered a pumpkin muffin that had a swirl of frosting on top and when asked if I'd like it warmed, said yes. What I received was a burning liquid mess in a bag to-go. When I agreed to have it "warmed up", I did not expect it to sit for 5 minutes on high in the microwave. The frosting was  a puddle in the bag that could barely be touched, and the rest of the muffin so hot that it could not be eaten. I was also very disappointed in the breakfast sandwiches I ordered. They were flat, with few ingredients, and though I know it may not look like their glamorous pictures, are not like they were before.
5	Good service good food fast. Can't ask for more. Even with only two ppl on staff they were friendly and quick. And I love the mixed berry smoothie
5	As a neighborhood semi-regular (at least once a week) at The Lakes Einstein location, West Sahara near Ft. Apache, this is a great place for a quick and delicious bagel and brunch without fanfare.  It is New York in LV.  I adore their new scones - especially, the cinammon ones, which are flaky (but not falling apart as a good scone should be), the quick service, the good coffee, the seat yourself and line-up for your order speediness - and the overall friendliness of the staff.  I enjoy their egg sandwiches, which, upon request, will be made to your specifications.  Mine is on a challah roll that is lightly toasted.  If I close my eyes, Iam back in Brooklyn, NY, at a neighborhood bagel place with more than bagels!  The disposition of the very busy staff makes it great for what it is - a quick breakfast or lunch...their bagels are not too doughy, have a slightly well-done crust and satisfy your hunger.  The only thing I do not like, is the fact that sometimes there are meet-up groups that gather there and take up so much space (and waste seating for real customers) and those who sit at an area meant for two or more and read a book for hours.  This should not be a hangout, but a quick eatery
5	This location is typically not busy at all. I don't think I've ever spent more than 5 minutes after walking in the door. We went in at 1:45 pm on a Friday; right after a soccer team and a softball team ordered. There were 3 amazing employees working their tails off. While we did wait 10 minutes for our food after ordering, it wasn't for want of trying by the team. They ended up out of turkey by the time they were making my sandwich and came out to me in the dining room and offered any substitution I wanted - major kudos for that. The place was clean, and I can't stress enough how polite and assisting everyone was. They could not have planned for two teams to come in at the same time and adapted very well to the rush. The coffee beverages are amazing, by the way. A few bucks cheaper than a Starbucks and almost identical flavor.
4	Love this place.  Great coffee and great food.  Consistent quality and quick service even when they get busy.  Surprisingly, they have some really tasty sandwiches for lunch as well.  I really like that even when I roll in at 6am, the staff might not be fully awake but they are definitely fully engaged.
4	Friendly faces and good sandwiches. Best place to grab a superquick bite and eat on patio.
1	Very slow service every time I visit. The workers seem lost and untrained.  Why it takes more than 10 minutes to toast a bagel is beyond me...I am never happy with my experience and I work in the complex so it's frustrating that I can't get through that line in a quick manner at any visit, no matter the time of day...
5	Best coffee in town. Make sure you stock up on the winter blend as its only available in well...The winter.  Soft bagels perfectly toasted with amazing shmears
4	Service always is quick. Kids love their bagels. I find the bagels just ok but I'm from NY so they have a lot to live up to in my book. Love their blackberry lemonade. On most occasions there is always someone there offering to throw away my garbage. So they are paying attention to their customers. That's nice to see since I consider it a fast food kind of place.
3	Got out of my car to go to Fed Ex but the smell of bacon made me whip my head around to see where it was coming from. Since it was only 8:30 in the morning on a tuesday I thought breakfast was calling out to me. People do say its the most important meal of the day. I guess my package can wait. Priorities right? Bacon usually takes it over almost anything.So I go in and am shocked to discover the place was packed. I guess people do eat breakfast eh? Anyways, as I took a quick glance on their menu, I noticed the only thing that had bacon in it was the Spinach, Egg, and Bacon Panini. So, that's my order. It cost me about 6 bucks and some change. I was thinking wow, that is a bit pricey for a panini.Waited about 10 minutes. When I got it, the sandwich was about the size of an Earl's sandwich, about 6 inches. Basically it was two small sandwiches put together. You had scramble eggs mixed with spinach and some bacon. It was ok but for the price and portion size, not worth it. Maybe I should of stuck to bagels. LOL.In closing, I think next time I will just get a bagel or two and put some shmear on it. Weird name for their spreads but oh well, its pretty good.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #156 "E=MC2? Nope, it means the paninis are pricey here"
4	Has a variety of bagels, which was super nice.  The staff was really friendly and helpful.  I ordered a potato bagel (toasted) and got the boyfriend a pastry (toasted) as well.  I was super happy.  I would go back for sure, its nice to get something simple and not from a past food joint.
4	Yummy in my tummy! I am a huge bagel eater...any and every kind of way so Einstein's is the perfect quick and easy breakfast place for me! Love the huge selections of bagels. There are so many and they all look and sound delish!! They have cream cheese and juices that you can buy. Loved the onion and chives flavor it was yummy. They have thintastic bagels and they are the perfect amount of bagel!!! Love the selection of drinks and the prices are great! Definitely beats the other quick breakfast options!!
1	Just a warning to all: the "fresh" OJ that they sell is from concentrate! I purchased two "fresh" juices for $5 each and when I got home - noticed that the label had small print which read "from concentrate".  Five bucks for fresh juices from concentrate? Don't get duped like I did! PS: you need to put more cream cheese on your bagels; don't spread it thin like butter.
1	Just a warning to all: the "fresh" OJ that they sell is from concentrate! I purchased two "fresh" juices for $5 each and when I got home - noticed that the label had small print which read "from concentrate".  Five bucks for fresh juices from concentrate? They call it "fresh pour" to trick customers and charge more for the same artificial junk. Don't get duped like I did! PS: you need to put more cream cheese on your bagels; don't spread it thin like butter.
4	Tasty bagels, large selection, coffee is really good! Bagel size is small to medium - had bigger. Comfortable setting, like the grab-n-go bucket concept.
4	I usually go to take out for breakfast. Today and every time i go i get a thin egg whites with asparagus.The service is fast and the staff is friendly.The coffee is ok and ilke they have a variety of regular coffee to choose.
