3	This Wal-Mart recently got a much-needed remodel and upgrade to Supercenter. This is very convenient, but the area outside the place is still trashy and low-end. Following the remodel, this place upgraded their electronics section and added in a whole new section for food items and the like. There are also 2 entrances for general use now - a nice departure from having to use the garden center's entrance for quick trips. My only real complaint with the remodel is that they moved everything around in the store, making it tough to find everything once again. I also wish they had chosen to renovate the parking lot and area surrounding the store. This is a low-end area filled with campers and seedy characters. What is it with Wal-Mart parking lots becoming white trash central? Seriously, this place could do with some more outdoor security if nothing else. If this is the closest Wal-Mart to you, I strongly recommend going do to their increased inventory. However, due to the less-than-stellar conditions of the area, you might want to avoid the place altogether at night.
1	I don't think I have ever dealt with more clueless and unorganized people in my life. Don't refill your propane here. Trust me, just don't. I came to have my propane refilled and to buy a few hair products, big mistake. I walked in with my propane and 3 associates told me I had to get out of the store and "go to the other side" with my propane. Okay, what's the other side? Apparently, it's home and garden. I walked to the other side of the store to home and garden, and no one is even there! I ask the greeter if she can page someone to home and garden. Her reply was, "I can't, I don't know how to work the phones." Okay? By now I'm a little irritated because 4 associates are now aware that I need my propane refilled. Once again, I walk back to the other side of the store to customer service. Before I can even ask my question, a rude tells me to "Get out of here with that propane!" Now I'm mad and say, "No, I'm not going anywhere. I've walked up and down this store to have my propane refilled. I'm aware that I need to go to home and garden but for some reason, no one is there and no one knows how to page someone to get there. I'm not moving until someone can assist me." I'm told to go back to home and garden and someone will be there. I hear the lady speaking to her manager, they both have shit ass attitudes and it has become very obvious that refilling this propane has cost them a piece of their soul. Way to lead by example, management! I walked back to home and garden (for what, the third time?) and the stupid propane is filled. I put it away in my car and then walk back into the store for my products. This was my first time at this Walmart so I had no idea where anything was. I wandered aimlessly and passed several associates who did not acknowledge me. I'm standing NEXT to two associates and instead of asking me if I need help, the lady is telling her coworker how she "can't wait to get home to smoke a blunt". I'm not against weed, but come the frick on! I was so annoyed I left without buying what I needed.
3	When I used to come here (lived closeby years ago), it was primarily white trash that would shop here- but this area referred to as "Old Henderson" is pretty much known for that. It was also pretty dated and small. Located in an oddly designed strip mall, this was a pretty busy store since this was the only one in the area, at the time.
4	LOVE this Walmart! The only reason I gave it 4 stars, instead of 5 is because the parking lot has trash everywhere, and this store seems to be busy at almost any time of day. I have made the mistake of buying produce from this store. One I will not make again.... Besides that, this place is perfect :)
1	This Walmart is right across the street from my apartment complex and super convenient, however, when compared to other Walmarts, this place does not match up AT ALL.  First, they never answer their phones.  I find myself calling 5 or 6 times before someone answers.  Today, I came to buy a few toiletries and cleaning products.  Fortunately, they had almost everything I needed, as expected by Walmart.  For the things they didn't have, I had to ask for help and both times, I really felt like I was inconveniencing them with my questions.  Kinda irritating.  Then, what really sent me over the top was that I ended up waiting over 20 minutes in line for a cashier.  THEY NEED MORE CASHIERS ON THE WEEKENDS.  This isn't the first time I've noticed this.  When I finally got up to the register, the cashier bagged my groceries uneven and stuffed one of my bags, so I held up the line for a couple minutes trying to rebag my stuff.  Although I probably will continue to come back as it's right across the street, I would NOT prefer this place.  Too many disappointments, time and time again...
4	always busy on the first of the month!! first week of the month i guess after that its mellow. has everything beer,brocoli,underwear and bug spray.
2	If you want to experience shopping hell, come here on the first of the month. Do not be in a hurry when coming here. The snow on Mt. Charleston melts faster than the staff moves. A rock in the parking lot would be more helpful than the bleeting assistant manager apologizing ad nauseum for not having enough staff to keep the checkout lines from being 14 people deep. Remember not all WalMart stores carry the same stuff, chances are you'll stop here, look for what you know other WalMart stores in the valley carry and find much to your chagrin it's not there. Also if you like overripe avocados this is the store for you. And this store has their shaving blades locked up which can be a pain in the derriere if you need some on a Sunday night at 11 pm and you can't find any of the super slow staff to unlock the case for you. In short this is a location best avoided. But if you are taking the back way to Lake Mead this is a good place to stop for those last minute cooler items you forgot, the fishing tackle you lost, or if you need something minor for your boat. Oh and one last thing. Parking and even getting in and out of here can be quite interesting, especially if you are pulling a boat.
2	DISCLAIMER: I don't like Walmart. Period. It would be a cold day in hell if I actually gave a Walmart a 5 star review. I only go to Walmart because they carry a brand of shampoo and conditioner that my preferred shopping spot does not carry. Well, they are supposed to carry it. The first time I went, they did. The second time, they only had the shampoo. Seems pretty typical of Walmart though, they carry things but that doesn't necessarily mean they have them in stock...Staff seems to only do the bare miniumum, probably because that's what they are paid (how do you think Walmart keeps those prices so low??) You practically need to tackle someone to get assistance. The man that works in the gun department is the only Walmart employee I have dealt with that didn't make me want to walk right out. Someone give that man a raise! Oh, and the parking lot sucks too.
1	I already did not like this walmart due to all the rude emplyoees that are always working, but yetserday they crossed the like. My boyfriend went to make a purchase for a basketball had it in a bag, receipt and everything and was practially chased down out the store because the lady thought he had stoled it. With the reciept right in his hand? He has no reason to take anything. The lady behind was very disturbed about the situation she even asked the employee who chased him down if she wanted to see her reciept too. Just shows how racism still goes on. I already dislike this Wal-mart, but now I rather drive as far as I have to just not to go to this location.
1	I would rather go to Target not Walmart I have my reasons
1	Being from San Diego I expected great things from this Wal-Mart.  I was in the area and I was in desperate need of allergy meds and eye drops.  I came in here and I was appalled at how dirty this place was plus it smelled.  It's in the Ghetto so that pretty much sums up the customer base.  I will next time go to the one off of Eastern at least that one is decent.
3	Service is always a little shaddy at Wal-mart, you just never know if you can find someone to help you or if that someone has any idea what they are doing, but I come here because items are cheaper.  You are also almost always guranteed to see the usual trashy shopper who looks like they just woke up, just laid down the crack pipe, or just walked in off the street corner, but who am I to judge so I just laugh at it anyways.  Be warned though, several suspicious individuals have been known to hang out in the parking lots trying to get free things from people, ask for rides, or money etc.  These people are dangerous, so get away from them quick.
3	I don't shop at WalMart when I'm home, but when traveling I'm almost as happy to see one as the Golden Arches.  Let's face it - it's WalMart.  We know what that means.  You go in, grab your forgotten items and get out.  The only strange thing that happened at this store was absolutely my own fault.  I ended up in the men's room instead of the ladies room!  (Turn left ladies!)  Once in (and thankfully it was empty) I saw the urinals, but since I don't find myself in the wrong bathroom often - I thought they were handicapped sinks.  I passed them and walked quickly to the stalls wondering why there were only three.  "Three?  How could that be?  The lines must end up out the door!"  I stopped dead in my tracks, looked back at the "sinks" (seeing what they really were) and made a bee-line outta there!!  I still don't know if there were signs posted, (I didn't see any) or if I was just tired from a long, long drive.
5	Love my store!
2	When in a bind, I go to Wal-mart.When my husband doesn't know... I go to wal-mart.Parking here is terrible. Shopping carts are piled up and everywhere.People are screaming, letting their dogs out to pee.Now, going inside.Employees walk out of store with cigarettes in their mouth.Customers always have drama..And I always feel like I see someone who is on drugs,or I see parents that need to be reported to CPS.I'd rather watch an episode of Maury.
4	Ok, so is Walmart a high-end, filled with all lovely people store...? No.But I'm learning if you  find a decent time to go, like I have, around 1130/12noon, it is not that busy...Most of the time, I can even find a spot in the first two rows of parking spaces.I have been finding more and more organic and nonGMO items at Walmart..To me, this is a big step in the right direction for them.. Not all the "organic" stores are open 24hours a day, and sometimes, (I make my own baby food, and I'm almost positive my guy is half monkey) I need to run out and get bananas at 1130 at night..... I go through bananas like it's is going out of style.....Organic bananas. 2.5 pounds that Walmart has for $1.88 (as of 1/9/14). That's the cheapest I've ever seen them. They also have Earth's best baby cereal, which contains no GEI (genetically engineered ingredients). Earth's best, and I believe it's called sprouts, are among some of the other natural baby food items here.I have also been able to get organic quinoa here as well.So, when in a bind, I go. I know that the produce can be iffy, but I've bought spoiled items before at a "natural" store off of Tropicana & Pecos. So, I suppose it's just bound to happen sometimes. You take it back (like I did with some berries a little while ago) and they do a no questions asked return/exchange. Just bring your receipt.And HELLO CLEARANCE! They had an entire shelf space dedicated to hair  things that were half off. It had hair dye, Bed Head products, Organix, Loreal, and lots of others. I was able to get Not Your Mother's Heat defense spray for $2.50, it's normally $5something. The woman who I checked out with was nice, and said hello to me, and told me to have a nice day when I left.Good move, Walmart. Good move. I'm becoming a fan.
2	This Walmart is just ok. It's like a local trap. If your a local and go to Walmart then u understand my meaning.  You go in for tissue come out with 300 dollars of stuff that u just don't need. Should u need something they point at u like your a hound dog and u just suppose to sniff it out. What happened to them walking you to the item and adding little fun facts or even a little education about the item in question? They get 2 Stars I will only come here if I MUST.
2	Well I have to admit I'm one of the few people that enjoys Walmart. I like the cheap prices and variety. What I hate about every Walmart is the people unfortunately. This location specifically is ok. It's smaller then most so variety is limited but I don't have to walk miles of aisles for quick pick me ups. The food from the deli section is pretty good and they keep it fresh. All the isles are always stocked. The pharmacy is efficient but they do take for ever. Must be because of their close proximity to St. Rose de Lima, their demand is high. I hate that they only keep 2 to 5 cashiers open. Their customer service is quicker though. I often go for money orders and even with a long line, it takes no more then 10 minutes.
5	Yeah, hold  onto your hats.Five star review for Wal-mart, it's happening.So, like stated in my previous reviews, Walmart is starting to carry organic items.On my most recent trip, I found organic Ketchup, mayo with no funky stuff in it...they even left out the corn syrup!, organic quinoa, organic bananas, organic spinach, the list can go on.I bought some of their name brand (marketside, I believe) fresh packed salsa, which decided to do a jumping stunt out of the top part of my basket, have it's lid pop off, and then splat on the floor.Luckily, I was by the dairy, and there was a young gentleman who had no problem stopping what he was doing to get some paper towels/mop bucket/cleaner. I stood over the mess, so that no one would step in it, or slip.Not even a minute goes by when another employee stops and asks me if I need help finding something. I tell him no, and explain the salsa mishap. He also stops what he is doing, parks his cart, and tells me that he will take over. He takes the salsa from my hand, and thanks me for waiting. WOW! Sorry, but that was nice. I've spilt things before in other stores, and no one has offered to stand in for me.I love their Hello Kitty section. I found the cutest headphones the other night as well.So, between cute hello kitty items, growing organic section, and nice, helpful employees, Yes, this is as good as it gets for me.Oh, and the organic items are REASONABLY PRICED. You shouldn't have to go bankrupt to have access to healthy food.
4	Okay so I left a tip earlier stating that it's always packed which is very true but we all know theres not much anyone can do about it. That's besides the point.. I ended up coming back because I thought I lost my debit card. I went to customer service and asked the lady if anyone had turned in my card, she took my information down and told me no one had turned it in but she willingly came with me to re-trace my steps and help me find it. In a crazy place like Walmart this was kindly unexpected but truly appreciated. She took my number down and told me she would give me a call if anyone turns it in. Thanks to the friendly lady at customer service !
1	There's no way this place is worthy of five stars. Maybe the owner knows the reviewer. Understocked, and more importantly NO SOAP DISPENSER IN THE MENS BATHROOM! How are the employees supposed to thoroughly wash their hands and go back to their amazing job of, yeah, working at WalMart?
1	OK this is the worst Walmart I have ever seen. I waited 20 minutes to get through 3 people. The cashier was obviously new, I'm not blaming him, but the manager Carlos was beyond incompetent. Replacing register tape is a 3 second task maybe 30 if your really slow and have no cares with what your doing. The manager call took 5 minutes and then he put the tape in backwards. Instead of showing him properly he came in did it for him but did it wrong and then ran off. Train your people correctly or please find a new job. I doubt I'll be back, yes it was that bad. Between the pharmacy and the check out line I waited at least an extra 45 minutes in lines. Completely unacceptable and by far the worse experience I have ever had at a supermarket.
