5	I read the reviews of some of the other property management companies and it made me so thankful that we are with Allen Properties.  Let me start by saying that I am picky,  impatient and hard to please (and fine with it)  so when I give 5 stars then the company is truly a 5 star company.Allen Properties has BEAUTIFUL properties for lease.  Their properties are impeccably maintained,  in great locations and reasonably priced.  Kathy and Rhonda are educated professionals who truly like and care about their clients both owners and renters and treat everyone with consideration and respect.  Their approval process is easy but thorough.  I was so surprised at how reasonable their deposits are for rentals,  they did not add any "junk" fees.  They are extremely easy to deal with,  Rhonda even came to meet us by my husbands work to fill out paperwork to make it easier for us.  I am a neat freak and hyper organized so any little "flaw" bugs me.  Their houses were move in ready and the one we have looked like a model home  - new paint,  clean even in the corners of the closets and they even cleaned the windows.  When we did have an issue with a broken fan or a leaky sink they had someone out to repair things instantly - no hassle,  no questions.  We have been with them before and were equally as satisfied.  When we moved previously they were fair with the deposit returns and easy to work with on move dates.  In a city where many companies either run their business like warehouses and treat everyone like a number or a dollar sign or worse yet some just close up overnight never to be seen again;  I am thankful that we work with Allen Properties.  They have been a reputable company for MANY years here in Las Vegas and we are VERY happy.
1	I rented a home with Allen Properties in 2008-2009.  The actual rental process was smooth, background check, deposit, etc. were timely.  Move in went as planned, although there was an error on the rental contract that was quickly fixed.  There were numerous issues with the home we rented, including a leak in the ceiling about a month or two into the lease. This was repaired quickly.  I received the home with some landscaping issues that were preexisting, yet I was responsible for replacing the dead plants.  I also had an issue with a swarm of bees that had inhabited a tree on the property.  It took a news crew to come to the location for the property manager to hire a bee exterminator.  At the end of the lease period, there was no walk through provided.  They don't do them, I was informed.  When I received my security deposit return with explanation, I was charged for things that I was told I would not be charged for, such as painting and I was also charged for oil stains to a carpet that was in the garage, even though I never parked in the garage, and the stains were pre-existing.  I contacted the company regarding these issues, and received an additional portion of my deposit back.  But the company complained about the cleanliness of the home.  During my lease, there were routine inspections and if there had been any issues, they were never voiced by the property manager, as I keep a very clean home.  I decided to cut my losses, and just be happy that I was in my own home, and would never have to deal with them again.  Be cautious when using this company, and if you do rent with them, take lots of pictures, and try to insist on an exit walk through. (Read Emma W.'s filtered review, and you will find her experience was similar to mine).
5	I was just referring Allen Properties to a friend when they called me to say that someone had accused me of faking a review on Yelp.  Emma W.   -  Let me assure you my review is not fake,  I am still renting with Allen Properties and happier than ever.  I just had my property inspection and I met another one of their employees,  Charlene.  Again,  I am impressed with the professionalism of Allen Properties as well as the care and concern for their clients.  This is our second time renting with Allen Properties.  When we moved from the first property we rented from them,  Kathy was so nice and very accommodating and returned our whole security deposit.  I do not know the circumstances of the other reviewers and I can only speak of my experience but we have had a very positive experience with Allen Properties.  When we decided to rent a property in Las Vegas again I did call other rental companies, other than Allen Properties-  I had very negative experiences with both the agents, the properties and the contracts. Those experiences reconfirmed in me that we will only work with Allen Properties and we are lucky to have them.
2	I suppose I could list all the Pro's and Con's,but wait I couldn't because there aren't many Pro's that I could list for this company. We are in the final weeks of our time in this Allen Properties managed property. This property belongs to personal friends of ours,but it is managed by Allen Properties. Jeromy has been the only individual we have dealt with at the company. Initially when we moved in back in 2/13 we found it odd that the property manager met us off property to give is the keys. We met him in the parking lot of a strip mall,he gave us the keys and some very brief information about the property. He also told us to do a walk thru and list anything and just fax or mail it to him. This I thought was very odd!! I never had a property manager or landlord NOT do a walk thru with a client or NOT meet the client at the property at least to greet them and hand them their keys. This I thought was very unprofessional!! My partner and I are clean and responsible people so during our rental period of what has been about 18 months here now the only time we have heard from the property manager is when WE HAVE HAD TO REACH OUT TO HIM. We are not asking for or do we need to be checked up on ,but in 18 months you would think you'd hear from or see the property manager at least once if not more. I am not sure if inspections are a normal thing,but he hasn't been by even once and to be honest we probably wouldn't even recognize him if we did see him since our first and only interaction with him was beyond brief. This we believe shows a lack of respect for the owners of this property that they manage.It really seems like this home of our dear friends is being mis managed or managed via emails and text rather than being given the attention and respect it deserves. This neighborhood and general area isn't the most beautiful or profitable for this company and it shows in their genuine lack respect or concern for its tenants. I do have to say that when there is a maintenance issue that it is addressed rather quickly MOST OF THE TIME,there are times when multiple emails or texts have to be sent to get a response. I could go on and on most of which would be in a negative light,but I'll choose to end this review. Being that their was NO WALK THRU AND NEVER HAS THERE BEEN A VISIT FROM THE PROPERTY MANAGER I pray that upon moving out there is no further issues. I think it's safe to assume given our move in experience that there will be no exit walk thru which at this point is fine. I will be curious to see given the condition of the area and home what they will consider normal wear and tear given that they hadn't seen it when we moved in.
