3	Very short golf course!  Was in great shape!
2	Put anything longer than a 5 iron away off the back tees. Once you wrap your head around this you might enjoy this layout. If you like target golf it doesn't get any more targety than this. It's one thing to have a really short and tight golf layout but the blind holes are ridiculous. Half my shots were to something I couldn't see. If you don't have local knowledge here or have played it a few times before good luck!Nice views though! :)
4	Fun golf course tucked away in Cave Creek.  It's in BFE and a super far drive away from civilization.  However, it's worth the drive.  It's a little cooler here during the summer time than the rest of the Valley.There are some great views of the area with some of the holes you're teeing off an elevated tee.  Very fun course.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZS-uoegmbbtGcE_XkmQxQA?select=h4xE7LQOZy13fD2MOdrdBA#h4xE7LQOZy13fD2MOdrdBAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZS-uoegmbbtGcE_XkmQxQA?select=V4HrWt7zYJaPaSiW4I2mgQ#V4HrWt7zYJaPaSiW4I2mgQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZS-uoegmbbtGcE_XkmQxQA?select=i1dRvNXuQKeyAWi6s9926w#i1dRvNXuQKeyAWi6s9926wOverall, it was a fun day...didn't play too good, but a bad day golfing is better than anything!Return Factor - 88%
3	Business lunch - warm patio with good ambiance. Arugula salad was yummy- not enough pears.
5	Nice golf courses. Easy to find and to get to. I've walked around the gold courses before and they're all really nice. The views are awesome, especially if it's during the Winter time when it's cooler.
2	Scenery is vey nice, the views of the area are outstanding as are many of the homes that border the golf course. If your goal is the scenery and the wild life I highly recommend this golf course. The condition of the course is also goodUnfortunately this is one of the strangest layouts that I have ever played. The course is very short so the designer hides the landing areas and the greens behind long grass and stuff. Most of this stuff serves no purpose other that to hide the fairway or the green. For the most part it is just visual. I would have no interest in playing this course a second time. practical way to play the course is hit a 150 yard shot off all the tees and then play a short iron into the green
4	Let me tell you a story, but before I do, I would like to note that this is very uncommon and you shouldn't expect it to happen to you so don't let it affect your decision to golf here. In fact, before I tell you this story, I am going to tell you how much I loved this golf course. I loved this golf course because it's like no other golf course in Phoenix. It feels like a golf course up north. It's surrounded by beautiful old trees, many of the holes go down into the washes and it's green and lush. The course itself isn't the "best" around but I am not the best golfer so I didn't really care. The prices are also amazing in the summertime and be sure to eat at Tonto Bar and Grill before or after your tee time. Now it's time for my story.When we got to the 16th hole, I drove the cart around to meet my husband by our balls. I got out of the golf cart and walked up the hill to the green. While walking, I passed by the sand trap that is right next to the hole. I glanced in and immediately turned ash white. There in the sand trap was a rattlesnake. Yes, in the actual trap! My husband immediately saw my expression and asked if there was a snake. I nod and run back to the golf cart. Needless to say I didn't finish the hole (like I said, I'm not an amazing golfer and was ok with the loss). After finishing the hole, my husband went towards the sand trap to look at the snake. Then we see the whole picture. This rattlesnake has a rabbit, a big rabbit, in it's mouth! Yes, the rattlesnake had somehow caught the rabbit and was trying to get it out of the sand trap. I took a couple steps forward to peek in but immediately retreated back to the cart. I had seen enough. I am traumatized for life. We had obviously caught the snake in the act right after he killed it because it stopped moving and then immediately tried to pull the rabbit up the trap but the rabbit was so heavy the snake was having problems. I've seen these things happen on Animal Planet but I never thought I'd witness it first hand. I think I'll stick to the Animal Planet.
5	Fantastic course.  Don't play slow or they will get on you... but a beautiful course, good pro shop...
3	We played 3 local golf courses while on our trip to Phoenix last week. While this place wasn't my favourite, it was definitely the nicest looking!! It's a beautiful course and we chose to play it so we could experience "golf in the desert". Visually, it was spectacular!When we first arrived, we had a difficult time figuring out where to go. There aren't a lot of signs to guide you, so give yourself a little extra time. Fee's were the highest of all 3 courses we played but still reasonable (it was about $80).Most holes aren't very long, but they offer a good challenge! Several holes are built into the side of one of the mountains with steep inclines (both up & down) which added some fun challenge. These holes also had amazing views of some of the valley!Our favourite hole was on the back 9, where you had to cross a small bridge to an island to tee off. We even had a small turtle come join us on the tee box!Overall, I think it was a great course to do once. Not totally sure I'd do it again unless they had a good deal going on (my fav course of the trip was half the price). But glad I got a chance to experience it :)
3	Really enjoyed the on course experience. However, I can't say the same thing about the pro shop transaction. First of all, when a course quotes a green fee, I've never heard of charging tax over the fee. Never. If they just quoted the fee that was inclusive of tax, that's a different story. I found this to be excessive and misleading. Then, to top it off, after now realizing that my fee over $130, the course had the audacity to charge for range balls. Really? They've stuck us for $130 and now they need an additional few dollars from their customers?Again, I found the course to be in great shape and challenging. But, for what occurs in the pro shop, I had a mixed experience when it was all said and done.
5	We love staying at this golf resort. The rooms are beautiful and the golf course is breathtaking. The is our favorite course for sure! At dusk we walked around the golf path a saw a number of coyote and lots of bunnies. It was so fun. I love that this place is tucked away in the hills surrounded by the beautiful dessert scenery.
4	We only played golf here so did not experience the property.  The course is beautiful with vistas high up and nice lakes.  It's not a difficult course even though it is hilly.  We really enjoyed our round of golf and saw a fox.  Breathtaking course.
4	Some of the best views from a golf course in the valley!!!  I will be playing this a few times a year and I only play about 8-10 times each year.
