5	I'm really busy so sending cards is a great personal way for me to stay in touch with family and friends. We just ordered our Holiday Cards from Paper and Home and they turned out great!  They have so many options and great service but most importantly quality. I ordered invites from an on-line invite site not too long ago and was really disappointed with the quality. I'm so glad I found Paper and Home. Will definitley go back to them for my next event or announcement.
5	I ordered my photo holiday cards from Paper & Home this year and am still receiving compliments on the cards from friends and family!  I loved the wide selection of cards offered, unique styles, the personalized service (that you can't get from online vendors) and most important the beautiful quality, color and nice thick paper. I will definitely use Paper & Home again! Thank you!
5	I am in the process of ordering my wedding stationary from Paper and Home!  This wedding planning process is quite hectic so when working with a vendor as friendly, and organized as Paper and Home- has really helped in making this a great experience!  They offer a huge selection of cards- including a "plantable" line of cards for all of you environmentally friendly people out there!  :) I was also amazed by the flexibility of the card designers as well- I was able to pick an invitation out of a sample book and add my own custom touches to it.  I will certainly use Paper and Home again!
5	Thank you Paper & Home!  My daughter's 2nd birthday invitations and coordinating thank you notes are gorgeous!  Thank you for listening to my ideas and making a custom design even better than I imagined.  And the custom labels were such a nice added touch!  I've received so many compliments from friends and family on the card.  Thank you!
5	Paper and Home helped me with my company's business card order.  I found their site initially when I was helping my friend look for a place to order her wedding invitations.  I was unhappy with the current company I was using and asked if they did business card orders - and they do!  While not as exciting as invites - I can speak to the level of service I received which was prompt, polite and with great follow up.  I've continued to place business card orders and they're now helping me order pillow gifts for an upcoming meeting.  If you're looking for excellent customer service and follow up, Paper and Home is definitely the place to go to.
5	Working with Brooke at Paper & Home was one of the most painless experiences my fiancee and I had during the planning of our wedding. Brooke is helpful to the extreme, always willing to work with you to find something that suits your personality.Unfortunately, we ended up not using her services due to budgetary concerns on our end, but that's not because Brooke's prices are unreasonable--compared to other letterpress providers we looked at, her prices are on the low end, if anything. If anyone is on the fence about using Paper & Home, go for it--Brooke will take care of you and the invitations will turn out gorgeous.
5	Stellar service, stellar product! Michael and Brooke are pleasure to have worked with. My fiance (at the time) and I actually had a lot of fun working together with Brooke to create our invitations. Our wedding invitations, RSVP cards, thank you cards and gifts tags were modern, fun, elegant, and reflected our personalities to a tee! They even helped with finding the right personalized postage. We look forward to working with them for any of our future "paper and home" needs! Thank you!
5	Amazing. Brooke and Michael are very professional and helpful. They designed the most beautiful custom wedding invites for me. They incorporated all of the elements that I asked for and made any changes that I asked for promptly. It was a little on the expensive side for wedding invites but you get what you pay for and I know I couldn't have done it without them. They produced exactly what I wanted. Very happy! Even my vendors asked if they could have one of the invites!
5	We used paper and home for our ceremony programs. They were beautiful. Their team really worked with me on fonts and layouts and made them match our wedding invites. I contacted them late and was worried I had missed the window of opportunity since we were less than 2 months away from the big day but they really came thru. They also delivered them right to the ceremony location so I didnt have to worry about making a special trip to go pick them up. What a pleasure it was to work with this team!!
5	For our wedding we only had one choice, Paper & Home.  And what a great choice we made.  High quality products, great service, and just a stress free process.  They were very helpful and responsive throughout our whole dealings.  Truly professional.  The save-the-dates, invitations, and thank you cards were all top notch high quality and we continued to get compliments from all our friends & family.  Thanks Mike and Brooke for being a special part of our wedding, only adding to our beautiful day, and providing amazing services and products.  I highly suggest Paper & Home to all!!
5	Brooke and Michael were an absolute pleasure to work with! Everything about the process was painless and even my husband enjoyed the picking out our invitations! Paper and Home offered modern and cost effective options and I was thrilled with the service we received. Michael and Brooke care about their clients and even picked up a typo on our invitation wording that I sent to them (thankfully!).The quality of the product is impressive and I was so happy with the finished product. I would highly recommend Paper and Home to family and friends!
5	Wow. We just got married on Saturday, June 15th and used Paper & Home for our Save the Dates & Invitation elements. I don't have the words for how happy I was with the customer service, professionalism, and creativity that Paper & Home provides. I HIGHLY recommend them for any of your stationary / invitation needs and know I will be going to them for our future life events!!
5	I worked with Brooke to create some custom cards - Paper & Home did a great job and were super professional at every turn.  Highly recommend them for your any stationary and paper product needs!
5	My wife and I decided last minute that we needed some help designing our own invites for our Wedding. We just couldn't find a standard one that we liked. We were very late in the process, but we called Paper and Home and Brooke met with us that same day and helped us pick out a design in record timing! She quickly understood exactly what my wife and I liked, and helped by pulling ideas from several different cards to create the perfect invite. It was a smash hit and one of our guests even had it immortalized in a wine and cheese platter made from scratch by melting down an old wine bottle and inserting the invite! Very cool! I definitely recommend Brooke and Michael for your design and print needs. I'm actually going to be contacting them shortly about some more work from my business potentially (so watch out for that guys! ha). Thanks guys!
5	My husband and I had a great experience with Paper and Home. We feel lucky that we found them for all of our wedding paper needs. Brooke and Michael were great to work with and made our wedding planning much easier. They were able to create invitations better than what we envisioned. We had so many compliments on our wedding invitations. Brooke and Michael were also very efficient in making sure that we received everything on time. Our wedding was out of state, so we had our programs, napkins, and thank you cards mailed to us. They followed up with us to make sure that we received everything before the wedding. We will definitely use them again for any other stationary needs. We highly recommend them!
5	I would highly recommend Paper & Home.  I had my wedding invitations made through Paper & Home and they came back looking absolutely amazing! I got so many compliments on my invitations.  Also, Brooke at P&H has some great ideas which helped throughout our creative design process!
5	Wedding planning can be stressful. There's so many moving parts and so many causes for anxiety when it comes to vendor relationships. It's a true relief when you find a vendor who makes the process seamless and delivers with an excellent product and service. That's precisely how I'd describe our experience with Paper & Home when designing our custom wedding invitations.Brooke's attention to detail was apparent from the start. She listened carefully and patiently, asked plenty of questions, and allowed for a truly customizable and collaborative design experience. The timelines for development and review were consistent and the final quality of the product reflected her talent and dedication to the craft.Brooke created a "logo" for our wedding which has since lived on and has been used for other projects, for which Paper & Home also helped create. These include our thank you cards, custom stationery, and a beautiful matte photo that I gave to my wife on our one-year anniversary.We wish them much luck with the growing business and look forward to working with them on the next special occasion!-Bryan & Tara
5	Paper and Home came recommended to us by our wedding planner.  As an out-of-town couple getting married in Vegas, it was important to us to have a stationary store who not only did great work, but had great communication.  Paper and Home came through for us and did a great job.We took a trip out several months before the wedding to do some planning, and Brooke sat down with us for an hour to discuss what we wanted.  She showed several samples and listened to what we liked and didn't.  That was the last time we saw Brooke in person, but we had consistent communication with her team via email after that.  They gave us several proofs to review and "fixed" anything we didn't like. They were extremely flexible with us.  The final product turned out great.  They did a great job of getting us high quality, custom invitations at a good value.
5	Amazing service and product!!! We worked with Brooke to design the perfect wedding invitation. She was so professional, creative and patient!!! She took our ideas and came up with the most beautiful invitations! I received so many compliments! Very high quality and reasonably priced for what you get. I will be using them in the future for all my invitations
5	We were fortunate enough to meet Michael and Brooke at one of the many wedding conventions held in Las Vegas. When I saw their work, I knew instantly that we couldn't work with anyone else. Throughout the past year, we have worked with them on many projects related to our wedding: -Save the Dates: these were personalized as part of their "couture" package, and I couldn't thank Brooke more for her attention to detail and creativity in helping our concept come to life. This included a personalized envelope as well.-Wedding Invitations: we used one of the card designers they work with, but they helped us conceptualize a Las Vegas cityscape and helped us with our wording. This order also included a personalized envelope wrap. -Table Numbers: we copied a scheme they had done before where the table numbers were playing cards, but put our own spin on it-Favors/Table Card: we purchased these dollar Vegas card decks you can buy in bulk in downtown. Brooke designed a card wrap for it using our theme and we were also able to weave in a way for the favor to have a "code" as to what meal that person should be getting for our seated dinner. -Seating Chart: in line with our other decor, they worked with us to provide a seating chart for the reception. They provide a very useful spreadsheet to help keep us organized and were very flexible with all the changes I had to made due to guests that kept on changing their mind.-Drink Cards: They helped us create a drink menu for a bride's drink and groom's drink, again, fitting with our theme. -Groom's Card: When I was dropping by the shop to pick up an order, I saw a "To My Groom" card on the shelves. I had 2 Hallmark cards at home that I was planning on giving my fiance, but the card they had was much more simple and elegant, so I snatched it up. I asked them if my fiance had noticed these cards. They slyly said no because...-Bride's Gift: ... it turns out they helped my now-husband with his gift to me! Brooke helped design a booklet using a story that my now-husband wrote to describe a love story.So, if you can't tell already, we are big fans of their work! Utilizing them for a majority of the projects we had allowed our wedding items to be cohesive in theme and color. We even relied on them to recommend a lot of other vendors - they referred us to a great makeup artist/hair vendor (One Luv Bridal) and helped us decide on our photo booth vendor (ShutterBooth). They had worked with ShutterBooth in the past and were able to provide our exact wedding colors to them when we were designing our photobooth prints. I really only wish that we used them for our Thank You cards, because writing thank you cards myself has really dragged on. Personally, I really appreciate the time they took to get to know us as a couple because our personalities really showed through everything they designed for us. We got so much amazing feedback on all the projects we did with them and I'm looking forward to working with them in the future! I think I won't even consider having kids until I can sort out what type of baby announcement we can do with Paper & Home :D
5	Brooke and Michael are amazing!  Their professionalism was a breathe of fresh air especially after working with several other wedding vendors that lacked the business acumen that Brooke and Michael have.  They also have an extensive selection of wedding invitations to choose from.  My husband and I easily found the perfect wedding invite after only one meeting.  Definitely go to Brooke and Michael for all your stationary needs!
