1	Went here to ship some stuff for our relatives. I stood there for a good five minutes before being helped, even thug there was no one else in the store. After that some lady tried to tell me that the couldn't ship dry ice. I told her that it wasn't dry ice, it was just ice packets. Then she said I would have to buy one of their boxes even though what I had brought in was perfectly wrapped. Finished up by just walking out of the store, and the lady helping me just turned her back and walked away as if this was the most normal thing in the world to happen in an exchange with a customer. We went back two weeks ago trying to ship some pots back in a box that the manufacturer actually sent to us, and it had a "place shipping label here" box on it. They said that it was not acceptable and that we would have to buy one of their boxes. We left and went to our normal PostNet on Flamingo and they just said, "Sure" and shipped it. Total rip off. Stay away from this place.
3	Unfortunately, I am not allowed to send personal faxes from work because my company monitors everything and has a strict policy. This is the reason why I have had to stop here a few times within the past 2 months. It's pretty expensive. $1.49 per page if you a sending a fax to a local number. However, the employees here are welcoming and always willing to help. The only other time I have been here was to send out a box. They can also pack your boxes for you if you are willing to pay the fee. Definitely not cheap, but worth it if you do not have time or don't have shipping supplies available. Overall, I would say that this is a convenient place to make copies, send out a fax, and ship boxes if you have no other options.
4	I stopped in to overnight something.The staff was very friendly and there was no line. I wish I had more to say but that is about it. It went smooth and I would defiantly use this location again.
2	The employee that I dealt with here was slow and disinterested. She really put out the feeling that she hated her job. The cost of sending two pieces of paper overnight via FedEx has skyrocketed as well... $30??? I think not.
1	Slow. Waited 30 minutes, never got serviced and left. One person working, two people in front of me, he answered two phone calls and then helped one lady in the DIY copy machines who came in LONG after us and that's when we walked out. Also the person he was helping the entire time...instead of taking the guys print job ORDER and saying "it will be ready in ___hours, please come back then to pick it up" he did the whole job right there while we all waited...wrong. I've worked copy shops before - Kinkos - and that's NOT the way you handle things.I usually don't review places unless I actually use their services, but I have been to other FedEx Office locations for service and I can say that this place I won't be coming back to.
4	Business "as usual"  in my opinion consists of awesome customer service. I work in a customer service environment so my expectations tend to run a little high. As I walked in the door... there was one man being helped, another floating, few browsing... no big deal. There was a middle aged gentleman that kept getting asked questions so I assume he may have been a manager? then there's another guy (20-30s old?) and then the lady that helped me.Once in the door... the guy about my age asks "how can we help?" I mention I need some copies made on resume paper, "OK. take a place in line over there. he points"There is one person finishing up with the lady and then me. Here's where I got disappointed. All of a sudden... this very attractive female emerges from the back I assume restroom? and this guy suddenly walks to the counter (I'm still waiting) and helps her and is flirting the whole time. I don't care what you do personally, but it seemed rude given that she came out of nowhere and his co-worker had to assist me. As for 'Vangie' (her name)... very prompt service! Asked if I had been helped, showed me a list of paper types for resume paper, did one trial run copy to make sure its what I wanted and finished up the transaction within minutes. Thank you, Vangie, for assisting me. I like to recognize those that are polite 'n profesh.Otherwise... great location. would recommend it for any late night shipments or copies needing to be made.
1	Heads up: if you need some "padding" done (IE turn stacks of paper into a notepad) they don't do this onsite. They send it out to another location so turn time is 2 days.
1	Horrible! Worst FedEx/Kinkos I've ever been to! They need to get new computers or clean up the ones they have.  It takes FOREVER just to load up a browser and don't even think about doing multiple functions on it. It froze up on me 5 times when I was trying to print. Just froze for a good minute. I told the staff (some tall young brunette) and she didn't give me a second glance. Just went about her business (and I was the ONLY person in there)!!!!  This place is absolutely pathetic. Only used them because my printers out of ink...I'll just go get more ink. Avoid!!!!
4	Clean store. Service was quick and friendly. Nice that they are open on Sunday.
5	I have used this place twice in the last week and the service is great ! I will def be back !
4	The fedex on flamingo and 215 is always pretty busy but they get you through the line fast.  I come here to drop work packages off and they know me now and know that I want a receipt when I drop my package off.  They have some cool books and cards that are always fun to read when you are waiting inline. I have not yet gotten any copies made here or had anything printed, but the shipping department is great!
4	I have been to this location twice in the last two weeks.  The first time was to have a package I had to sign for redirected from my house to this office.  It was easy to set up online and all I needed to do was show photo ID and I got the package.  I found out I could have something delivered securely here and I won't miss the driver at the house.  This was good to know as I had a box stolen from outside my door.Today, I dropped off a prepaid Fedex box returning my old laptop to a recycler who does business with Apple Computer.  I got a receipt and can track the package.Since this office is only a few miles from home, the security and convenience it provides is great.  The people are very friendly and helpful also!
1	I was in this location to scan and print some items at 730 at night on 10/8/14.The man was sleeping with his head on the computer and told me to go sit the computer will walk me thru it. I kept asking him which icon I should click n he was back to sleeping . He looks up yawning and sleepy n mumbles something that " that should work" I try my best n look around for help and he is back to sleep. I spent $1.80 for nothing n walked out . Iv never had this kind of bad service .
4	This location was pretty busy for 6pm at night, despite the rush at that time the two employees were both busy but tried to be attentive to everyone that came in.I ended up with Amanda, who was very helpful.  She did have an issue trying to locate the presentation covers and backs.  That took awhile as whoever stored it hid it quite well as she ran back and forth looking for it.  It was nice to see her so willing to keep looking so that I could get the finished presentation product as we discussed before she started.  At the end the product came out very nice, so no complaints.
2	My god...this Kinkos...Thank goodness I received help from Jimmy (who I don't think was even the manager), because he was the only one at this location at 11 am that seemed to know what he was doing, and he was damn good at it. But, I can't base this review on him alone.The other store associates aren't very friendly, they do not greet you, they wait forever to ask you if you need help. During the time I was there, Jimmy seemed to be not only attending to pretty much all the customers, but also training his co-workers on everything. It made for an incredibly slow experience. Even the center manager seemed to be doing his own thing.Customers were just standing around getting progressively more angry. This could be solved by effectively training employees on equipment and common print jobs. In the end, I did get what I came in for: I had a custom print job which did require lot of customer service. It took me about an hour to wait for what took about 5 minutes to print and cut.To summarize: Thank you to Jimmy. You go above and beyond for the customers that come to this location. It's a damn shame the rest of your co-workers aren't as attentive and trained as you are. You should be the one wearing the "Center Manager" badge on your shirt.I consider myself a very patient and understanding person, but when I see customers being ignored by available store associates, I get angry.
5	We came in on a Friday night with a wedding emergency. Amanda was able to fix our seating sign, recut it and have it mounted and laminated while we waited.  Her exceptional customer service made for some happy bridesmaids and a happy bride.
