3	I haven't been overly impressed with Cameo.  Overall, I would describe the place as fine, hence the 3 stars.The pros:-they offer a variety of price ranges for haircuts-the facility is nice, especially if you are getting a spa service-free bang trims if you are a regular customer-no hard sell on products-massages were usually average or aboveThe cons:-haircuts are more like average or below, whether I pay $35 or $65-service is a little pretentious-closed on Sunday
3	The main reasons I've gone to Cameo are their location, that they carry Aveda products, and that I was able to get  last-minute appointments.  My experiences there have been mixed.  Their pedicures are decent, but way overpriced, a pedicure at the mall will get you better results.  I got a facial there once, which was relaxing but I've had better.  I didn't know an arm massage was included though, so that was a nice surprise.  I've also gotten my eye brows waxed there a few times, by Colleen, and she does a great job.  Getting my brows waxed by her was actually relaxing!  I got my hair cut at Cameo for awhile, until my stylist moved away.  I liked her, but I didn't like Cameo enough to keep going there with another stylist.  Overall, I think Cameo is overpriced and relies to too much on their spa-like atmosphere rather than delivering spa-like results.
5	I was visiting from California and I was in the mood for a cut, willing to take a chance I walked into Cameo and they got me an appointment right away with a FANTASTIC stylist (Morgan). My hair is very poofy and difficult. It didn't bother Morgan at all, she talked with me about my needs and successfully gave me a layered look, one no stylist has been able to do before. She also went to great lengths to make sure to show me how to maintain my style. I wish I lived closer because I would go here regularly.
3	I think Kristen C. has nailed it with her comment about focusing too much on the spa atmosphere instead of spa RESULTS.  Honestly, I'm rarely in the mood for their "relaxation room," and yeah, that fake fireplace is obnoxious.I've been there twice, both times for pedicures--the first time was probably about two years ago, but they were surprised that I wasn't in their system when I stopped by on a whim this past Thursday (I suspect they had my name entered wrong--it happens a lot).  Anyway, I was happy to find that they could fit me in on short notice, although they told me 10:15 and it was closer to 10:30 when we actually got started.  (It probably helped that it was mid-morning on a Thursday and that entire side of the Square is now under heavy construction.)Lorelli did my pedi this time and it was a serviceable job, but it was definitely overpriced at $45 for a VERY no frills procedure, although Lorelli was nice.  Their pedi chairs are not as good as ones I've had elsewhere, and there's very little calf or foot massage included.  They have, at least, significantly improved their polish color selection since I was there two years ago, when they seemed astonished that anyone might WANT orange toenails.  They have a decent orange-red-pink-purple selection now, and a very few blues and greens.  (The receptionist seemed pretty excited about their new OPI collection, which did have fun bright colors although I could do without the East Asian fetishizing polish color names--I'm not blaming Cameo for that.)One thing that they mentioned when I was leaving is that they'll do "free" polish changes in between pedicures if you schedule another one in advance.  I'm sure a tip is expected for this service, but it's still nice to know that I could switch the colors every week or two in between monthly pedis.  I might go back again for that, and the convenient location.Another note: they will give cash back on credit cards, so you don't need to make sure you have tipping cash before you go (unless you're getting a "free" polish change, I guess).
4	Cameo Spa was my go to choice when I was in school at UW. It was a huge treat after final exams to book a decadent nail service or even a massage...I loved the Aveda spa and use it to this day as how I compare all other spa experiences.The services are what set Cameo apart. With luxurious pedicures, massages and more you are coming here for the experience. I came to Madison to celebrate a bridal shower with a group of friends and we were able to bring our own snacks and champagne and setup in their cozy waiting area. Comfortable seating, soothing music and a faux fireplace set the scene. It was a bit awkward sharing the area with other clients coming in but I'm not sure what an alternative would be.I LOVED my reflexology service. Lying on a massage table and having someone concentrate solely on your feet is heaven. I would certainly go back for this service alone.Why not 5 stars? The front desk staff seemed disorganized. When people checked in and checked out they had long lines and one of the girls in the group was kept waiting at the front for a good 15 minutes when she could have been in the waiting area with our group of friends. I don't think this would keep me from going back here but it is definitely something to be aware of when you're visiting...just plan a little extra time on both ends.
1	I have been to Cameo in the past for haircuts and spa services.  I no longer go there.  I agree with some of the other reviews that the front desk seems disorganized and the "quiet room" is actually extremely awkward.  The main reason I no longer go there, however, is because they flat-out lied to me.  I had been seeing a great hairstylist for about 2 years.  One day, I called to book an appointment with her, and they told me she had moved back to Arizona where she was from.  I was disappointed, but set up another appointment with a random stylist.  About a week later, I was waiting tables and ran into her- turns out she had left, along with a large number of other employees, due to problems with the Cameo management.  I cancelled my appointment at Cameo the next day.  While I understand a business not wanting to pass along employee information that might make them lose a client, I do not understand why a business would make up some arbitrary lie.  Madison is a small city and I was bound to see her out and about at some point and thus realize they had lied.  I feel as though there are other ways to handle situations like that.  I was very irritated that they went out of their way to make up some story when all they needed to tell me was that she was no longer working there.  Had they done that, I probably would have rescheduled anyway.  Now, I have moved on.
5	The new Alan Koa is fantastic, decorated beautifully and instantly makes me feel calmer and more relaxed when I walk in. They offer you tea or cucumber water while you are waiting. Thomas cuts and colors my hair, and its a treat each time I go. He does such a professional job, I trust him 100% with my hair.Parking used to be difficult at Cameo, but now you can park on the 5th level of the Dayton St Parking Ramp, and the door leads straight into the salon! It's great!
1	I had a gift certificate from Cameo (now Alan Koa Salon and Spa).  I was told they would honor the card, but when I called and spoke with Katie, she informed me that their records indicated I had utilized a gift card to pay for past service, but they didn't have any records showing I still had unused credit.   I had been told at Cameo that they had my remaining credit on file and I didn't need to carry the gift card anymore.I was disapointed that they were not willing to take my word and allow me to apply the remaining $ my husband had paid.  So I can only assume Katie thinks I'm lying. How frustrating.  We now live full time in Madison and I'd have loved to have a salon I could walk out my door and be at their State St. location in minutes.  I would have been a long term customer who loves spa treatments and they lost my business because they weren't willing to honor the remaining $23 on the card.
2	I was excited to book a pedicure here recently since I believe that I had read that they had won some of the "Best of Madison" awards for this service in the last few years.  Sorry to say, I've had better pedicures.  The lady I had was really friendly and nice and that was the best part.  The problem was that I left with feet that were still very rough and the polish was applied very messily.  I had polish spots all over my toes.  In addition to that, the person doing my pedicure smudged some of the polish pretty badly on one of my toes.  She was kind enough to redo it, but then smudged it again when she removed the towel from my feet.  I won't get a pedicure here again.  Hopefully I can find another place that does a good job.
5	I am one of the many stranded thanks to Hurricane Sandy. After a week of waiting for a flight out, I realized I better go get my hair one because even if we get a flight out, it will be days before we have electricity back home. After attempting another Madison salon and deciding they weren't going to do, I made an appointment at Alan Koa with Ashley. Right away I could tell Ashley understood my frizz prone dry hair. She put a Kerastase treatment in it, blew it dry and used the hot iron where necessary (my hair kinks near the scalp, especially in the back). My hair looked AMAZING when she was done!! I left super happy and would highly recommend the salon, and Ashley, to anyone! If I can post pic, I will. Haven't figured out how yet.
3	I've been going to Cameo/Alan Koa salon for many years - primarily b/cI've felt like it is a stylish place.  My one major beef with the place right now are the spotlights you sit under while getting your hair cut.  While in the chair there is an annoying spotlight overhead shining directly in your eyes.  Don't get me wrong - I want the stylist to be able to see what they are doing - but this always makes the experience there less than relaxing.  My eyes always hurt by the end b/c it's so bright, and I often end up with a headache.  You'd think the light could just shine straight down or could be more diffuse or something.  I love the scalp massages and usually end up with a haircut I like, but that spotlight is making me seriously consider going somewhere else.
5	Absolutely phenomenal! I've had many massages in my lifetime and this was by far the best! Shana was amazing and made my experience really great! Customer service was awesome considering I made my appointment really last minute, I definitely recommend going!!!
4	GREAT SPA!!The staff are warm and professional.The place is really beautiful and clean.Autumn (hair stylist) was amazing - she really took the time to understand what kind of cut would be good for me and did an amazing job - I am so happy with this style!!Lulu (facial) was also incredible - she did a great and was really nice and I was happy with the products they used - very high quality stuff.The only reason I gave it four stars was the manicure... it was ok, but not great. I will definitely come back here the next time I'm in town.
4	After my sister informed me that I HAD to get my roots done, being on vacation I had no idea where to go I just knew I wanted to be downtown. I called Alan Koa and to my surprise they got me  in on the same day due to a cancelation, score! I needed a root touch up for my blond hair. I got an appointment with Jody. I was quoted $75 on the phone which is on the higher end but was told she was a level 5 stylist. She was very sweet. I got exactly what I wanted and the head massage while getting my hair washed was a huge 5 stars! The place is really beautiful too with the natural light from the windows. I was surprised when I went to check out that my total was $90.00. I have never paid this much for a root touch up and it is not like I had a lot of out growth since I just had my hair done 4 weeks ago but I will give it 4 stars because she did my color great but be prepared to spend $$$$$
4	I went for my birthday and lovedddd my gift to myself! I booked a 45 minute massage and then they tacked on a hair style for me, which was a really nice gesture.The massage is the most important part, though. Jamie was my amazing masseuse. She really pinpointed my problem areas and seemed to know actual ways to help them. It almost felt like an appointment with a physical therapist instead of a relaxing massage. I'd like to come in every two weeks, but the price is hindering ... thus the 4 stars instead of 5 for now. I am going to aim for every month to help with my aches, though. Jamie was just so good to me!Amy styled my hair and she was sweet. She gave me soft curls. I loved them!
4	I've gone here a few times for waxes and they've always been very thorough and far less painful than other waxing experiences I've had. This would be my go-to place, if not for their prices. The wax I get is advertised at $55 and up. I assumed mine would be $55 or $60. When I walked up to the desk to pay afterwards, my total was $75, before tip. I may have let myself go a bit but this seemed a bit high. It would have been nice to receive a little warning from the esthetician. "Hey, I had to use extra wax to get everything so this one will cost you a bit more," would have sufficed. After tip, this service ended up costing near $100. Seems a bit high for 15 minutes of their time.
5	Go to Rebecca for a facial NOW! I honestly got the most amazing facial of my life at this spa.  The atmosphere is relaxing and very clean, and they use Dermalogica (which I purchased and my skin has never felt better).  Jennifer took the time to ask many questions about my skin and what I wanted to achieve, which I really appreciated.  Her technique is spot on and my skin never hurt or burned, which has been my typical experience with facials. You've just got to try this girl, she is a GEM!
