4	My second favorite donuts in the world.  I'm all about the chocolate longjohns.
4	Last June, I was looking to purchase several dozen donuts for my students on the last day of school. However, I was stuck! I could not think of a single donut shop between my home in central Phoenix and my school on 91st Avenue. Then I remembered driving by a Rainbow Donuts before on McDowell, closer to central Phoenix. After doing some research online, I discovered this location in the heart of Maryvale.Before arriving at the donut shop, I called to place an order. I arrived and the order was not ready, but I was not upset because I had gotten there well before my stated pick-up time. Nevertheless, everyone at the shop apologized and got my large (something like four or five dozen) order ready in no time!The shop, while located in a strip mall that has clearly seen better days, was bright and clean inside. I was impressed that a number of locals were "dining in" and enjoying donuts and good conversation in the small shop. It bothered me somewhat that there is a fee for using a credit card, but then again I can understand that for smaller businesses, transaction fees can really eat into the profit margin if you have people buying a single donut on their Visa.The donuts were excellent! They tasted "homemade" and are much better than the donuts available at the Valley's two mega chains (Krispy Kreme and Dunkin' Donuts). In particular, I enjoyed the bear claws included in my mixed dozens. If I ever want to treat my students (or myself) again, I will be sure to do so at Rainbow Donuts.
1	I heard alot about this place through Yelp so when I came across it I decided to give it a try. I didnt know that they were more of a luncheonette type place. I ordered a medium hot coffee and try a glaxed donut. The coffee tasted like it was burnt and the donut wassoft but just didnt taste right. It almost seemed like the glaze was bad or something. Either way I was not impressed with Rainbow Donuts and will continue to go to Dunkin Donuts since no one can seem to match their amazing coffee! (and donuts too!)
5	I go out of my way to stop by Rainbow Donuts every time I'm on the west side of town. The doughnuts are excellent and the owners are very, very nice people.Highly recommended!
5	I live in Scottsdale and do not make my way to this side of town often. But when I do, Rainbow Donuts is a place I must stop at.There is something about the way in which these donuts are fried, maybe it is the oil it is fried in? These donuts are not only dense, but they are fluffy...I know it sounds impossible but Rainbow Donuts makes it happen.The owners are always pleasant and makes the experience that much more enjoyable.My all-time favorite donut: the Old Fashioned.
5	STK...Rainbow Donuts has saved the day.  Again.  Cinnamon anything here is great for pre-diabetic ninja like myself . Haute coffee made with love, I buddy up with the owners when in Phoenix. Personal favorite is the chocolate filled.  I highly recommend boba in the afternoons.  :)
5	My family and I have been coming here for years! They have the best donuts and coffee around! Their iced coffee beats Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts, or anyone's! I'd definitely recommend getting a Ham and Cheese Croissant and a large iced coffee. The owners are very friendly and the environment inside is very homely.
5	5 stars, this place is as good as it gets! I drive 30 minutes to come here! Best donuts I've  had in my life!
5	Rainbow donuts has always been one of my favorites...I met the owners ( very friendly and polite) they have the best donuts in town and after exploring many donut shops looking for my bf's favorite blueberry cake donut....I FINALLY FOUND IT!!! AAAAAH!!! You would think dunkin donuts would have it, huh.....well guess what? WRONGO... This rainbow donut shop has the freshest, best donuts and alot of many goodies as well thank god i live a few minutes away...so when I'm having a sweet tooth attack lol.....They use better quality products not cheaper products like the others....I know this because i spoke personally w/ owner......Stop by and get a dozen donuts and you  won't be disappointed....
4	I love the TARO and HONEYDEW BOBA HERE! THE DONUT IS GOOD TOO! I mainly come here for the TARO and HONEYDEW BOBA SLUSH, I've tried other flavors such as mango but the flavor for it was more just scented than actual flavor. This spot is family owned and for the most part they are nice and good people, i'd stop by for more donuts and boba if it was closer to me - also the ham and cheese w/ jalapeno croissant thing is bomb!
5	Best place! Owners are friendly they know my husband order by heart! They also have the best Thai Tea with Boba along with many other drinks lunch prices are cheap. Location is always clean and your in and out fresh donuts at all times, Oh try their croissant & ham so yummy ;) 5$ will fill you up believe me!
5	Best donuts anywhere!!!!! Everything is delicious, I have a hard time choosing because it's all so good!!!
5	Hands down  the BEST donuts ever!! You are your best critique! Give them a try and you'll see for yourself!!
2	I went there twice and the experience wasn't pleased. Even though I admit meeting another CAMBODIAN in Phoenix was a pleasant surprised. On my first visit with my girlfriend, I ordered two Egg and Sausage Biscuits and two drinks. Usually, the store would cut the biscuit in half. So when my girlfriend opens her biscuits, there were only half biscuit in there. I thought maybe it's just that. Then there mine came and I opened it, there were two half. So I just reported this to the cook. So instead of admitting that, she just kept on replying that she was sure for like 20 minutes until she decided make another order for me. I thought it just ended there.So I was thinking because of this is a CAMBODIAN store, maybe I should support my own race. I came to buy another two drinks. This time the waiter just brought up the last incident accusing me for lying. I mean come on, they have a big camera on us that day. Instead of accusations, why not just replay the video. I mean I'm not afraid. Just 2.99 dollars biscuit, why would I have to dirty myself for that.
