5	I am always searching for new trails to run without having to worry about getting hit by cars or trucks.  I've seen this greenway evolve from a fairly short trail from HWY 51 out to about 485 to now a 4 mile stretch to Johnston Rd.  The greenway even continues on another 1.8miles or so to Rea Rd.  I'm not sure when the expanded the parking lot off of HWY 51, but it used to be a dirt patch good for about 10 cars... now it is a nicely paved parking lot that allows everyone to enjoy the trail. A lot of bikers use this trail since the majority of it is paved asphalt and the trail length.  Every once in a while I get startled while I am running by a biker that thinks its super cute to whiz by you at top speed.  That's why my rating isn't higher than 3 stars.Another gripe of mine is that the Johnston Rd end parking lot is rather undersized and it is almost impossible to get a spot there on the weekends.UPDATE:I have no idea why I gave this 3 stars...  It's a great greenway and probably one of the longest uninterrupted greenway at that.It may be the number of bikers that cause me to give it a 3 star review initially... but if you go early in the morning, you can avoid all the bike traffic.
5	I have no idea why I gave this 3 stars...  It's a great greenway and probably one of the longest uninterrupted greenway at that.It may be the number of bikers that cause me to give it a 3 star review initially... but if you go early in the morning, you can avoid all the bike traffic.
4	Great place to go for a long, uninterrupted walk. Why 4 stars? Scenery can be improved...
5	Quiet, relaxing pathways.
4	Great spot to run or walk.  Take the dogs!  There is a little water to look at and plenty of shade with the trees.
5	Amazing greenway that connects with the 4 mile creek greenway so that you can run or bike from highway 51/Mcmullen creek area to Trader Joe's off Rea Road (total of almost 6 miles). The scenery is really unique. I've seen tons of deer, blue and green heron, barred owls, black snakes copper heads, frogs and woodpeckers not to mention lots of shade to make things a little bit cooler on hot and humid days. If you like to run or bike fast  be mindful that you might have to dodge some mothers that like to walk next to each other with double wide strollers. And also stay away during flooding since it's on a floodplain. Can be dangerous.
5	Absolutely wonderful. Love to go on walks here with my wife. Scenic, calm and filled with beautiful trees and plants. Can get rather crowded on a nice day. If you're a biker, it's a bit of a hassle sometimes. If you're a walker/runner, it can get a little congested with bikers. Quite the double-edged sword. Best to start from Johnston rd if you're not a local. More parking and bathrooms/water. Best since its in the middle of the greenway. Also, parking on 51/Johnston is relatively good as well. Enjoy!
5	We love this greenway for biking! 11 miles round trip!
5	I live here. No really, I do. I try to get out here at least 5 times a week, but poor weather is often a deterrent, since rain tends to leave massive puddles in its wake. Just fire up the iPod and I'm off. Look for me in my orange shorts and power-walker form.A great spot for meeting friends for a quick jaunt after work. Definitely better for your waistline than happy hour, for what it's worth! The bathrooms at the entrance are always in great condition and the water fountain even has a ground-level doggy spout. Gives me the warm fuzzies just thinking about it!Moms walking with strollers, elderly couples who talk about Lawrence Welk like he's their BFF, distance runners keeping time with strange arm movements....they're all here.I sincerely appreciate the cyclists who shout a friendly "on your left" to keep from flattening me while I'm deep into a This American Life podcast. (Yes, I am slightly obsessed with Ira Glass. It could be worse...)Plus, I live half a mile away, so I'm on the greenway before you can say "Baby we were born to run."
5	A much needed respite for South East Charlotte.  Hard to believe you're still in a major city.  Great place to relax, people watch and enjoy nature.  Parking can be a bear. . .but they're working on it.One of my favorite spots to go in Ballantyne - Stonecrest area.  Safe.  Great place for families and to bring a picnic lunch.  Get off the couch, turn off the TV and take a walk.  You'll thank yourself for visiting the Greenway.  DO NOT PARK IN TRADER JOE LOT.
5	Beautiful Greenway and a great escape from City life to enjoy Nature and a nice Hike through the woods either for leisure or exercise. I love going during all four season's but in the summer the best time to go is early morning or late evening to avoid the heat. Charlotte rarely see's Snow but when it snow's here, I highly recommend taking a walk on the Greenway. It is simply amazing. If you love Nature and want to actually "enjoy" exercise, I recommend the Greenway!
4	I spent so many summer days coming to this greenway for walks. I was first referred here by a friend, then I brought family, extended family, and invited friends again. It is a great way to hang out. I think hanging out at the Movies and Mall are overrated. The whole point of hang out is to catch up on conversations right? How can conversations even be exchanged at a movie theater? You go to the mall for shopping, it is hard to have quality conversation walking around and being interrupted by different distractions. I loved coming here with friends and family because not only can I spend quality time catching up on what I have missed in the lives of loved ones, I can also get in a great exercise.The first mile on this greenway from the Johnston Rd. entrance is paved, the rest are unpaved. We usually walk the 4 mile, I think there is an additional 1.5 mile to go but we stop after we reach the end at the circular seating area. There are so many different types of trees along the greenway. No wild butterfly or birds like the greenway by the university area. However, there there are some wooden bridges over slumps and that is cool to have a change of path to walk on. There are also some small creeks on the side of the road along the way, there is one on your right after the 1 mile mark. I would recommend to always come here with a friend, a couple years ago there were some reported cases happening at this greenway. Just always come before 7PM and bring a friend, don't do anything stupid and you will be fine. I personally witnessed a case of indecency by the creek after the 1 mile mark, other than that had no other problem. This greenway is usually crowded because it is a popular location.
5	Love running here! And stopping at trader joes or Starbucks across the street at the end!
5	Stop 3 on my Tour de Charlotte's nature spots. It was a great pathway for walking or biking. It's under construction right now, but there are detour signs to keep you on track. While I haven't walked from one end to the other, I will one day. I parked in the lot off of Pineville-Matthews Road. I've driven past there many times and didn't realize it was there or what it lead to. It's an easy trail paved, wooden boardwalk, and smooth. There are areas of marsh and probably awfully packed with mosquitoes when it is warmer. If you have a fitbit, you will surely hit your 10,000 steps walking this greenway!
5	I love the greenway!  It's a great hideaway from the suburban life. Keeps your mind off the real world for a bit.
5	This is the best place for uninterrupted running and biking in Charlotte. Even when all three parking lots are full, the greenway can handle everybody out to walk, run, and bike. Seeing nature and wild animals just adds to the pleasantness of the trail. This is a gem in Charlotte, especially if you live in South Charlotte and Ballantyne.
