4	The place is indeed crammed floor to ceiling, front to back, with thrift store finds and ebay fodder; mostly vintage goods, with a few funky modern things thrown in. There is sort of a system to how it's organized -- one room that is predominantly kitchen gear, another, mostly kids' stuff -- but mostly it's a jumble.I spent a good half an hour in there, just making my way around, looking at things -- skull-themed windchimes, tin day of the dead wall art, old soda bottles, vintage barware, plastic cocktail squid. Unfortunately, I was on a mission. I needed something space age themed. I'll be darned! There was not a single item that fit that description. That just means I'll have to come back when I "need" something odd.
4	Oh.My.God.I just went in here for the first time.  I live right next to Bazaar Noir, and just *had* to check out Curiouser and Curiouser because Bazaar Noir is still shut down (they had a fire about a year ago).The lady who own is, Viol (?) is a HOOT!  Don't go in there thinking you are going to "just browse".  She is a sales lady BEYOND sales!  I needed something specific - a dresser.  She didn't have one, but gave me the address of a friend of hers that has a consignment shop on Thomas.  She even called the guy for me!What will you find here?Day of the Dead candy (it's probably been there since November!), purses made out of dead toads (I am not kidding!), leopard lamps, purses, clothes, little books from kindergarten, dishes...vintage jewelry...just name it, it's there! (except for a dresser.  bummer).Here's the kicker: she has a LIVE snake living inside a coffee table.
5	I loved Black Hearts Bazaar Noir but they had a fire and have been closed for awhile.  Vyle, the owner, opened up this new shop farther up on 7th Ave.  It's just as awesome as Black Hearts thanks to Vyle's interest in the strange and unusual.The store is packed with all sorts of stuff, from beautiful antiques to peculiar bric-a-brac to fun little items like Koop playing cards and a Jesus themed toiletries.You must go here and check this place out, you will not be disappointed!
4	I don't really know what to say about this place.  For starters, it's a trip.  It's pretty hilarious too.  We happened to come in on the day that the owner was speaking to her very old mother on the phone cursing up a storm and getting irritated.  She used us as an excuse to get off the phone.  After a brief little chat with her we discovered that the chaos is mostly due to the fact that she will be opening up a small theatre in the back of the store complete with it's own entrance.  They will be screening crazy old B-Movies and will be taking requests on the website.  Anyway, for a bit of entertainment, stop in this crazy little shop.  There are all sorts of fun oddities to amuse you and the eccentric owner is a bonus too.
1	Somewhere between the movie Beetlejuice and the crap flung around a crack whore's apartment lies Curiouser and Curiouser - the retail incarnation of schizophrenia. Avoid this dump and its insane owner like the plague.
1	I'm really annoyed that I even have to give this place 1 star.  Pros:There's lots of off-color, unusual second hand stuff here.Cons:EVERYTHING ELSE!1. The junk is being sold at unreasonable prices.2. There is NO organization at all.  Items upon items are stacked to the ceiling, and there's hardly any room to walk between them.3. The owner. is. insane.I could deal with the first two things if the owner was semi-pleasant.  She starts out seemingly so - just a little eccentric.  But after discussing something specific my fiance and I were looking for, we found that she had no problem bitching about previous customers "wasting her time" and insulting us by asking if we were "cheap skates."  So, I'd like to give the owner a few tips. Organize your effing store and your customers won't have to "waste your time" asking if you have a certain item.  I promise you we'd prefer to walk through and look at the shit ourselves, rather than have to speak to you.  Don't price your second hand junk as if it's mint condition vintage wares and your store might not be so damned empty on a Saturday afternoon.  People aren't stupid.  There are plenty of similar stores in Phoenix, with more organization, and proprietors that are helpful and friendly.And last, but not least, it's called "professionalism".  Look it up.  I don't care that you're in your 50's and dress so you can run with kids in junior high.  As a customer I do expect some level of professionalism, however, which is apparently a completely foreign idea to you.  We will never step foot inside this place again.  This woman was so offensive we actually walked out when she stepped to the back to find a picture.  We wanted to walk out a lot sooner.
1	This place is crazy. The first time we showed up, we went to the wrong door and got treated like idiots before we even walked in so we just left. The next time I went with someone else and when I walked in it reeked of mothballs. I could have gone to the dollar store down the road and found better items and prices. There were little packaged, dusty mustaches for $5. The same ones we got from the quarter machine at WalMart. She explained that the economy is bad and "you can quote me prices at the stores around here all you want but I shop at those antique stores so I know them like the back of my hand"...and she doesn't even want to KNOW what's on the internet, but she says her prices are the best there are. Nothing is tagged so you have to ask the price of everything, be disappointed by the answer, and be looked at like you're dumb for expecting less. When we asked what "B Movies" were, when she was explaining the theater she is trying to set up in the back, she answered with "oh(but more like eww..).. since you asked I can tell that you......" then she stopped and asked some guy to "explain to them what a B-Movie is" "oh," he says "that's just the rating of the movie.. a B". simple enough to not make us feel stupid, right? Definitely will not be in here again.
4	this is a pretty cool store. lots of junk, and when i say lots, i mean tons. if you like digging for treasures, this is the place for you. i found a few exciting things. i noticed a few reviewers didn't like the owner. i found her to be very charming. she probably just has a low tolerance for stupid questions, something i can relate to. i bought a ceramic snail and a real javelina skull with flowers painted on it. a little overpriced, but i'll go back.
1	When I called to ask the hours the owner snapped and said "Who is this?!". When I showed up she made us sit in the parking lot in July while she locked up her dog. Then proceeded to tell us that she was gonna kick us out after I told her I was just browsing. Then she told me I would be the last customer ever because she's closing down to turn it into a B-movie screening theater due to people like me who just browse and waste her time. According to another review she said the same thing to someone else over a year ago. My boyfriend asked if her new business would be friendlier (lol) and she said "No, in fact worse.". Horrible customer service, horribly disorganize, no wares of interest, smelled like dog and mothballs, and the owner is rude & insane.
