5	Honestly, if you tried to tell me that I would be writing a positive review for Chuck E Cheese 3 years ago, I would have told you- you were nuts! Because 3 years ago, I didn't even know what this place was.  Then after having my son, I avoided Chuck E. Cheese like the plague because the place just seemed noisy and ANNOYING to me.Well, here I am 3 years later giving Chuck E. Cheese 5 stars- why?  Because my 3 year old absolutely LOVES this place.  Don't ask me how because I've never mentioned Chuck E. Cheese to him but at 2 1/2 when we drove past a Chuck E. Cheese, he could call out the place by name and wanted to go there.FINALLY, I could not avoid the place any longer after we were invited there for a birthday party and my son was so excited to go there.  Once there, my son was in heaven!!The noise level on a busy Saturday morning still drives me crazy but I've since gone with my son and friends on a weekday morning when it's not so busy and I have to admit, it is a very safe environment with fun games that will entertain your child for hours.And definitely get on their email list for their great coupons and specials because if you are like me (and I never thought I would be doing it), you will end up buying tokens by the bucket load!So Chuck E. Cheese, never thought I would ever be doing this but here's a 5 star posting for you!
3	Definitely a place to play, not to eat. For children 4 and under, this place is great. You and your child get a matching security stamp so that only you can leave with them. I really liked that. The games are geared towards smaller children which is great. We took our son to Peter Piper Pizza, but it was much more rowdy, and really no games for toddlers. This was much better and age appropriate. Also, the games are only a quarter each. Unfortunately, the pizza is overpriced and really not very good. The kids will eat it without a problem, but that's only because they don't know better. Its edible, but not enjoyable. I'm sure we will be back for the kids, but I really wish they would put a little more attention to the food.
3	AT $0.15/token, who could complain.  The kids get to have fun and the adults get to spend $20 on a $5 toy they could've bought.  Just don't eat their food.
1	We were invited to a party here this weekend and....The employees don't care about their job.  The food is disgusting, even down to the watered down soda!  I asked for a table to be cleaned and the employee just smeared it around, I ended up cleaning it up.Hold a party there and Chuck E. Cheese is lackluster and the employees can't even fake a good time for the kiddos!  The tables are jammed so close together that when kids are sitting back to back, another child can't even get through.  I saw multiple childeren trying to squeeze their way out and ended up falling and throwing their tokens everywhere... this included my own child.  The "games" eat your tokens and good luck finding an employee to get the token back!Then to top it all off, it is not the cleanliest place and  I got a stomach bug from there and am still miserable 2 days later!Kids love it, but we need to be their protectors and keep them away from places like this. Spare yourself, find another venue for a party!
1	Just went to this location and my family and I are very disappointed. First off the stamp girl didn't greet or say good bye with no smiles. The girl at the ordering register was nice but she's the only one working that area, when she asked for help her fellow employee ignored her. Never saw a manager! Not that I exactly needed one but hey maybe I could describe the food in person instead of yelp. So the soda was watered down, the pizza was greasy and tasteless. I asked for blue cheese and ranch with my wings and only received ranch. My wife refused to eat and so did my 15 month old son and he was hungry. Paid $36 bucks two drinks medium pizza and small wings. That's the food experience, will never go back.
3	Our son enjoys going here for the play area.  We had a coupon for $20 we got a 1 large topping pizza, 20 tokens and 2 drinks.  The pizza actually was not that bad.  I did feel little dirty there though with all the kids running around barefoot.  It's also interesting how you can't enter until you and your family get stamped.  I guess it's to make sure you're child doesn't get kidnapped!  The manager there was extremely nice and very polite.  That's a huge plus right there.  Every now and then the employees will come out and throw tickets in the air for kids to collect.  Those tickets go towards prizes they can "buy" at the prize counter.
3	It's noisy. It's expensive. Other patrons can be annoying. The pizza is fine. Sometimes.The entertainment is just a shell of the awesome animatronic musical shows the chain formerly presented.Hundreds of hard earned tickets earn you, well, next to nothing in prizes.So why stop in? Your kids will love it, particularly if they are on the young side. Just watch their enthusiasm when Chuck E Cheese himself makes an appearance. They have a child security system, stamping you and your children with invisible ink when you enter.  No children leave without an adult with a matching stamp. Wonderful. It allows kids to run free to have fun.The play maze suspended from the ceiling at this location is "awesome" in the words of our little ones. And their favorite game? The ticket counting machine. I kid you not.
