5	This really is a fantastic place to live.  Everything about it is beautiful, plus the management team takes care of every issue immediately.  I've never had an issue with anything.  I love the location too, right by the light rail, and all the restaurants in walking distance.  The pool is awesome during the summer, and you meet a lot of people.  Definitely the best apartment place in Charlotte.
2	Nice place but DO NOT take an apartment facing South Blvd. Extremely loud music from local bars until 2-3 am Thursday through Saturday
2	This building is in a great location.  Unfortunately, the management frequently plans "social events" which involve loud music which can be heard in any apartment.  I moved into this building with the understanding that this was a quiet building for young professionals.  However, if you work nights ever, the loud parties and social events will most certainly effect your quality of life.  If I had known this before, I honestly don't think I would choose this building again.  This seems to be more suitable for the college age party goers.
5	I moved into the Ashton after living in a home for the last 10 years. The complex is very well maintained, great amenities and convenient to downtown as well as walking distance to great food, clubs and more. I would recommend reserved parking so you never have to look for a parking place. The management, leasing and concierge staff are all extremely nice and helpful. They were great in offering recommendations for movers and helping me with getting everything taken care of which was extremely helpful as I was relocating from TX. They have monthly community activities and there is always a good time to be had on the pool deck. I live on the ground floor which most units have large terraces with access directly onto the jogging trail. The only negative I can say is living on the side that faces South Blvd, moving in and out is not the easiest with the access being through the other building facing downtown. That's not enough for me to lower my rating since you don't deal with it on a daily or even monthly basis.
5	I just moved out of the ashton but have loved the last year and a half living there. The apartments are very nice and upscale. The location is amazing. Love southend!! Also it's a good professional group of residents that live there. Maintenance is great and takes care of things quickly if there are issues. Bernard and Liz at the front desk are amazing!! Will really miss them. And Ashely in the leasing office is fantastic. She really takes care of people and helps out with anything you may need. Finally, grilling or having a glass of wine on the roof is so much fun and there is an amazing view of uptown!
