4	After I spent several unsuccessful hours shoe shopping, I entered this Steinmart as a last resort and I quickly discovered it should have been my first stop!I had scouted DSW, Famous Footware and E&J and whenever I found I shoe I liked, I was not willing to pay what they (the "discounters") were asking. This Steinmart had many of the same shoes I eyed at DSW and E&J but for as much as $20/pair less! So, this review is as much a future reminder for me as it is intended to help you, my fellow shoe shoppers.NOTE TO SELF: Looking for shoes? Go to Steinmart FIRST!!
2	I went holiday shopping at Steinmart. The place is nice and the staff friendly. I'd be happy if i hadn't found out that my purchase there was charged twice. Once the day I shopped there and again ten days later.  This  made me overdraft my checking account and wasted my time in the phone filling a claim with my bank. Now, whether this was foul play by Steinmart or my bank, I'm not sure. But I'm tired of being jerked around by big companies. Check your bills and keep all your receipts from this store.
5	This is my first stop when shopping for mens clothing. Reasonable pricing, helpful sales staff. Good value and great sales.
1	I was on a mission to find a birthday present for my mom, so I gave Steinmart a shot.  Tucked away in the center by Bamboo Club and Chili's, it doesn't look too bad from the outside.  I walked in, took about 30 paces, and was overcome with an overwhelming sense of depression.   I spotted some jeggings and muumuus on racks that were awkwardly high for the place...this store is not well-planned.  As claustrophobia sank in, I glanced around for home wares and spotted a tiny little section by the main entrance.  They had a couple grill racks and some tacky, kitschy knick-knacks.  I think not.  I high-tailed it out of there, increasingly relieved as I made progress toward my car.
4	Well, I only come here with my Mom and I rarely find anything, but my mom always does. This store has a men's department, a tiny toddlers department, shoe department, housewares, bedding and bath department, and the rest of the store is dedicated to women's clothes. They do have tons of accessories like tights, scarfs, jewelry, reading and sunglasses, purses, and luggage. This store is packed and piled with inventory so you can spend a great deal of time looking around. You can find some really good deals if you take the time (a saw a few Betsey Johnson items). The checkout process has never been an ideal one, but the staff is always friendly regardless.
4	Stein Mart has been around for quite a long time.  They have!  I've looked them up on Wikipedia.  LOL!There are a couple choices here in North Scottsdale, both are great.  It's only due to their ongoing expansion throughout the southwest that has brought Stein Mart to our area. This one has less housewares then the other store (FLW & Scottsdale Rd) which is slightly larger.  But, as I've said both are good.One of the truly advanced marketing tools that Stein Mart employs is the ability to post coupons to your customer card. So instead of clipping from a newspaper or circular, they electronically credit your account.  Nice!  Why don't other department stores and merchants do this?  It's really so simple!The reason Stein Marts is so popular it their "red dot" specials.  Recently, I was looking for a cooking scale for baking and found they had the OXO brand for nearly $15 less then the lowest price I've seen elsewhere.  Wow!
4	I now love to check out Steinmart for their home decor section. The prices are great and I have found really cute and unique piece to spruce up my home. I even found the cutest dog food and water bowl that is made up of an intricate iron design and a stainless steel bowl.  It matches my kitchen decor to the "T" and the price was unbelievable at 12.99 per bowl!The check out line was a long process, but I was super happy with my finds that I didn't mind the wait at all. It can still be a hit or miss, but its definitely worth the time to check it out.
4	Packed busy. Get in here early for the best deals. You will find a different selection here than you would at other stores. New items arrive daily, but Thursday is your best bet for the best selection.
