3	Went for dinner on a Monday night. Only two other parties there. Seemed a little odd, but we decided to give it a try anyway.The decor was very nice. A large restaurant with indoor and outdoor seating. A fancy bar.We had a Mole Negro Oaxaqueno and a Chipotle Chicken. Both dishes were quite tasty. Although I have to mention that for a restaurant with only two parties, it took a really long time for the food to come out.Felt somewhat overpriced. It was tasty, but it wasn't THAT tasty. I'd rather go to Chevy's for the price if I've got a hankering for Mexican food.
5	The best kept secret in Henderson! Moderately expensive and definitely worth every penny you spend. If you are looking for typical Mexican food you have come to the wrong place. This is reasonably priced fare for a slightly more sophisticated palate. Sabor provides you with culinary masterpieces that create a whole new experience for your taste buds. I have been five times in two months and have thoroughly enjoyed each entree I've tried. While I have my favorites (the Chicken Poblano has an amazing flavor that you simply cannot forget)  my wife prefers the Blackened Arrachera. The food at Sabor creates more of a dining experience, one that you will cherish, rather than just satisfying your appetite. The chef, Scott, definitely knows what he is doing and the waiters and other staff are both efficient and friendly. Do yourself a favor, this is a dining experience that you will usually have to travel to a five star resort restaurant  and it's tucked  away in a quiet corner of Henderson.
5	This is by far the best restaurant in Henderson. Not only is the food fresh, but the menu is very unique. The service was impeccable. ! Everyone should give it a try, and support a local business owner at the same time. I had the scallops, and they were to die for. There were only a few other parties when I was there, but I think its because no one knows about this place yet! I'd definitely go back! In fact, I'm meeting a friend there this weekend!!
5	We dined at Sabor last night and it was absolutely fabulous.  Our server, Kelly, was very knowledgable and efficient, and the owner, Scott, very service oriented and very friendly, also.  We had an absolutely wonderful meal - traditional margaritas, calamari, scallops and clams.  Everything was perfect and I can't wait to go back next weekend!  The food is from Oaxaca and it's not your typical Mexican food.  The mole was amazing!
5	I was in Las Vegas the evening of 8/1 and had a restaurant.com coupon for Sabor for dinner.  I read a few reviews about this place and I love Mexican food so I figured I'd give it a shot.  Having family in Mexico City and spending weeks traveling around Mexico, I felt I was prepared to properly review this place.   The restaurant is located in a shopping plaza, in a location you'd expect to see an Applebees.  We came on a Sunday evening around 6pm and the restaurant had only 1 other couple in it.  I was somewhat apprehensive about this.  We sat down quickly and were served a complimentary chips, salsa, and more appetizer.  It came with breads, and toasted spices to dip the bread in.  It was fantastic!!  We ordered the guacamole, made tableside, which also was fabulous and for the first time we were asked how sour we'd like it and we said very!!!  It was incredible.  We followed that with the Sliced Sirloin and mashed potatoes which while I ordered medium, came rare which was fine and delicious.  This came with a roasted Jalopeno which I love.  My fiance ordered the Mahi Mahi which too was delicious.  We ended the evening with the Flan which was out of this world.  If this restaurant were open on the Vegas strip in a hotel it would do fantastic!  It's out of the way from tourists and seems out of place in it's current location.  I'm saying it's too good that it may go missed.  I go to Vegas often and will make sure to visit every time.  AMAZING FOOD!
5	My boyfriend and I are definitely huge fans of this restaurant.  This place is FANTASTIC!  Boyfriend and I have been here twice and each time, we order different entrees and everything was wonderful!  The last time I was there, I ordered the scallops.  They were delicious and just melted in my mouth. Boyfriend ordered the tacos.  I'm usually not a huge taco fan but I tried them and they were awesome!  The tacos had a little cilantro/lime kick to them and were really the best tasting tacos I've ever had.   I also had the New York strip steak the first time that I went and it was also cooked to perfection and really hit the spot. The service was also excellent.  The restaurant design from the outside doesn't look inviting but the interior of the restaurant is beautiful. There are not a lot of cars parked both times we went but that's because they only opened in 2010 and not a lot of people know what kind of hidden gem this place really is. My only advice is don't not try this place just because you don't think the menu looks good or the outside doesn't look good. Just give it a try, you'll be pleasantly surprised....the food is EXCELLENT.
4	Sabor is unique and delicious! I would highly recommend the scallops and anything with mole. I don't care for mole sauce but this chef's mole is amazing. They have a good happy hour from 4-7. The margaritas are great because their sweet n sour is tasty without the abundance of sugary syrup. Plus, the service is always friendly:)
5	Upscale Mexican in a beautiful, comfortable environment. The complimentary homemade tortilla chips arrived with 3 sauces plus 2 spices which could be added according to one's taste. The grilled vegetable appetizer with balsamic glaze was perfectly prepared, beautiful and delicious. Fish tacos were Baja-style - no deep frying here. The fish was fresh and flavorful, drizzled with 2 sauces and served with black beans. Service was efficient, attentive without being overbearing. I loved the place -- you will too!
2	We actually ate at Sabor about 3 months ago. The Mole Negro Oaxaqueo and Petite Filet Mignon were good and the Pineapple Rum with Vanilla Ice cream for dessert was an excellent recommendation from our server. We also experienced good service while we were there. However, I'm giving this place 2 stars because I felt their ad in the community newspaper was misleading. I currently do not plan on returning to Sabor and nor will I recommend it to my friends.
5	Don't let the sparse patrons deter you it just means Sabor is  undiscovered and the chef/co-owner can spend quality time preparing your meal. I thoroughly enjoyed every bite of my Guaijllo Scallops. The California enchiladas would not be a dish that sets them apart from others, so  I would try items more unique to their menu.They also have a long bar with a good happy hour ending at 7.
5	I'm rarely on this side of town during dinner-time-hours but one late Tuesday night I was and we were craving Mexican food. A quick look on Yelp offered up Sabor and we decided to try it out. I'm so glad we did, the guacamole was amazing! Our waiter was very knowledgable and really seemed like he enjoyed working there. I will definitely return for another delicious modern Mexican dinner at Sabor.
3	Went on a wednesday night for dinner at 7pm and there was one other party eating. Not a good sign to start off but i was not going to let that change my mind after the good reviews. There was only one waiter and a hostess working and you could hear a pin drop in this place. i ordered a cadillac marg. to start which was pretty good and the carna asada tacos which was brought out in a nice display. it had high quality meat and unbelivable flavor. Sabor is a little over priced for mexican food though
3	After reading the other Yelp reviews I had hopeful expectations to find a diamond in the rough. Unfortunately I was let down as the food was good, but not as great as Yelp advertised. We had the table made Guacamole to start off the meal and found the flavor had a strange after-taste. I believe they added the heat with a touch of Tabasco sauce an dnot the traditional pepper flavor. For dinner we had the Pescado Tacos which were good, but a bit on the sweet side. We also ordered the Chicken Pablano which was better and a very generous serving. Overall the food was good, but not great - and the bill for our dinner ran $50 with tip.
4	Great service, good food, and awesome desserts.  The chili verde is good but not for everbody.
5	I have been meaning to review Sabor. They are not your grandmothers Mexican food, so if you go in expecting some high end del taco you will be disappointed. If you are that kind foodie you are not likely to be on yelp.  They do a fun twist on chips and salsa that includes bean dip, spices, and plantains. Which led us to believe we were on the right path.  The corn tortillas served were tasty and helped cut some of the very spicy flavor of one of the salsas.  Personally I have eaten here three times.  The scallops were very inspired and I loved the bed of corn they sat on. The Shrimp Diablo was spicy and tasty and the mint rice was a nice counter balance.  The tropical fish I ordered was okay, the portion was too large and it was not as good as the other two.  My husband ordered the seafood pasta(I dont remember the name) and raved about it quite a bit.  He is a true convert as he made us drive all the way back because he didnt want to eat at Agave which is near where we live. I also had a tamale which had nice texture and really great mole flavor.  The kids had food and they both liked it and the servers were so nice to the girls.They also have a dart board and place to kick back, possibly for happy hour specials.
5	Phenomenal lunch! Went in with a restaurant.com certificate and prices weren't bad. Had: chile verde which was  tangy and had just the right amount of spice, queso and guacamole appetizers, California chicken enchiladas, steak tacos, and chicken quesadillas.  All were great and the service was the best we've had in a long time. Only bad part of the meal is that I'm stuffed! :)
5	This is one of the best kept secrets in Vegas. Great food, big, open bar, great menu, and quality ingredients. This is the perfect place for meetings, corporate dinners.I have eaten here at least 10 times, and it is always empty because it is new.
4	Check this place out!Saw the reviews on yelp and decided to check it out. The high rating is well deserved! This is not your standard Mexican cuisine. The flavors are more unique and the presentation is top notch. The dining room is beautiful and they have a full bar. We were greeted promptly when we came in. Our server, Jorge, was excellent. Very knowledgeable about the menu and very friendly.My wife and I shared a watermelon salad with toasted pumpkin seeds. My wife had the roasted poblano chicken and I had the tacos de arrechero. Like I said the presentation was top notch. And the food was excellent. My one critique would be it could have been spicier. But the meat was flavorful and moist. There's no reason why this place shouldn't be packed all the time.  Give it a try.
4	Presentation was awesome, food was great, service excellent, and priced well!  Hubby ordered the California chicken enchilada with artichokes and smoked gouda, tasty rice and yummy black bean salad on a fried tortilla.  I ordered the fried calamari with mixed green salad and balsamic dressing.  Must try!
4	This restaurant was really good! We went for lunch and sat on the porch. The server was a really good server, didn't rush us, brought our appetizer out and waited until we were almost finished to place our entree order with the kitchen. Food was really good and the presentation was great as well. We will return!
4	After reading glowing the reviews, we figured we need to see what all the chatter was about.  I'll have to try it again to fully make up my mind.  After our first dinner I'd give it a full 5 stars, but the second trip (with friends and family) it fell flat.I highly recommend the nopales (fresh cactus) salad.  It's deliciously vinagary with diced tomatoes, corn, onion and cilantro in a light vinaigrette finished with queso fresco and pine nuts.  Yum!  The first time I got the green mussels with three cheese stuffing and fettuccine alfredo.  I could have done without the alfredo, although the leftovers made great late night munchies, but the mussels quelled my craving.  My boyfriend tried the steak enchiladas with a great spicy red sauce.  The service was great, and we were sure this would be a favorite stop in Henderson.The second time we dined there we again had the nopales salad (a favorite across the table), but some of the other entrees fell flat.  We tried the vegetarian tacos, which lacked flavor, along with the green chili pork.  The mole was good, decent, but didn't rock my world.  The favorite item at the table were the fish tacos, which had great flavor (although the salsa was a bit too sweet for my taste).  The chicken enchilladas were fine, but lacked flavor, and definitely lacked heat.  None of the meals this time had much spice.  When we're looking for a nicer night out eatery we'll head back this way and update as appropriate...
5	So we were in the area and I remembered that there was a Mexican place near so we pulled into the parking lot. The place I was thinking of was gone and replaced by Sabor. The place was very clean and has a really nice bar area so we decided to give it a try.It was early, 4:30 so the place was kind of quite..and kind of nice so we pulled up to the bar. The bartender offered us a happy hour drink menu and things were looking up. $3.00 for one of the best margaritas I've had in a long time. So far so good as we sipped our drinks and relaxed for a bit. The owner/chef Scott came out and informed us that their menu was not the usual Mexican that most people are looking for. According to him it's the type of food that you'd get in a higher end restaurant in Mexico City. Well we've been to Mexico City and he was right on the money. The chips and salsa that you normally get is replaced with a sampler platter of salsas and dipping sauces with some really cool innovations and little plantain bananas as a pallet cleanser. (Nice touch)  The sampler was awesome and really unexpected. You can really tell that they love sharing their food and like to give the customer and experience in the process.After the chips and salsa platter we thought we'd take it slow and try out the fish tacos. A really, really well presented platter of very fresh tacos came out. I liked the fact that the fish was not fried fish. It was fresh and really well cooked and flavorful. Rice and Black beans with a funky and tasty little cream sauce anchored the plate with 4 perfectly constructed tacos fanned out with just a wisp of of a redish orange sauce was very enticing. The flavors all blended really well and were fantastic.I have to say this was a great find. I recommend Sabor and I will make it a point to take their recommendations on my next visit. It sounds like their Mole is the specialty and I am eager to give it a shot.
5	My new favorite "go to" restaurant in the area! Love the food, love the service, love the atmosphere. I have been here a few times already and have left happy and full every time.This location use to be the old El Jefe's restaurant but newly converted to Sabor. I always describe it as a Mexican infusion - Chilis pricing for Carabas quality. I am suprised this place is not busier than it is. It is never packed when we are there.I LOVE the queso dip. AMAZING! I seriously lick the bowl. It is so delicious. Their bread plate is so awesome as well filled with breads, tortillas ext. YUMLICIOUS!My favorite dinner so far is the scallops. OMG - so perfectly cooked and every bite delicious. We finished with the banana foster icecream rum dish....it is so good. I have such a hard time sharing it. Next time...I am getting my own..LOL.So, if you think you can't make it down to Sabor.....I disagree...You Mexi-CAN! Go now and thank me later!
3	Was in the area so I stopped in for lunch. I was alone. Ordered the lunch special. No chips, breads or dip were served. Nor was it offered.The ginger soup was excellent. Definitely worth the price of admission. The chicken sandwich was unique and tasty.Service was good but I was the only one there for at least 15 minutes. They really need to step up their game if they want to stay in business. The food was good but not sure if I'd go back due to the chip fiasco. I mean really. As soon as another group arrived, they were shown to a table and chips were served.Why would I return with bf and friends?
4	Food is amazing. Not like your Mexican grandma amazing but 5 star chef amazing. Ambiance is upscale and pleasant. I didn't expect it to be this fancy. Dress is casual and staff is super friendly. Prices are  reasonable for the amount of thought and work that goes in to the food. We thought the bill would come out to be twice as much which I would have felt to be worth. Try their appetizers. Only place I've seen serve real Oaxaca cheese which is extremely yummy even if your not a cheese fan.  Will definitely come again.
4	We were in town for a graduation & found Sabor on Yelp. We were not disappointed. We made a last minute lunch reservation for a party of 11 and they graciously accommodated us.The service was great and the food was delicious! The food is a nod to traditional Mexican dishes. It was elegant and flavorful along the lines of Mary Sue Miliken & Susan Finiger's Border Grill Restaurants. The mole dish was great as were the imaginative salads. Lots of great options for the vegetarians in our group.Locals please patronize this restaurant so us out-of- towners can get some wonderful Latin food in Henderson! :)
5	WOW!  Is Henderson, NV lucky!  Sabor is the best Mexican Restaurant I have ever experienced.  The "chips and salsa" (sopas, chips, and extraordinary dips) started us off with a fiesta in our mouths.  We had traditional margaritas and they were tasty and powerful.  My wife had Tacos de Arracheta and I had Camarones Diablo.  The flank steak in her dish was so tender and yummy.  I must rave about the Camarones Diablo.  They are spicey, which I love, but all the flavor is there too.  The most delicious Mexican dish I have ever had.  I grew up near, and now live in, San Jose, CA so I have eaten a ton of Mexican food.  I pleaded with the owner, Scott Sousa, to come out to the Bay Area because we need Sabor and people would line up to pay and eat at his restaurant.  Henderson, NV doesn't know what a gem it has.  Big loss for us in California.  We will dine at Sabor as many times as we make it out to Las Vegas.  Hopefully Scott will open a Sabor in San Francisco or San Jose someday.  Until then, I will enjoy the memories and get out there as much as possible.
5	Wow!  Henderson - go here now.  We stopped by after reading the yelp reviews and they were spot-on.  The food and service were exemplary!  They margaritas were tangy, the dip & salsa assortment that was brought out with the chips was amazing, and our waiter was genuinely nice and attentive.I had the Cactus Salad...yum!  Don had the Guaijllo Scallops with corn...wow...both dishes were very inventive and delicious.  Portions are bog as well.Went back for lunch with a friend and we both had different types of enchiladas that were - both were yummy.  This a restaurant that deserves more business than it is getting.  We will become regulars & so should you!
5	Came to Sabor having the California enchilada and mom having grilled chicken.  Everything was excellent. The waitress was an absolute joy.  They need to move this restaurant to Summerlin.
4	1st time tonight. Great food, great service!Gourmet mexican food at very reasonable prices. The atmosphere is comfortable. They do an excellent job with food presentation. This place has good management, you can tell they sweat the details. Funny it wasnt more crowded on a friday night though.  Also kind of warm inside too, dont know if AC was a problem. We'll be going back.
5	It is tragic that Sabor closed. This was a gem. I'm heartbroken.This is one of the best restaurants in Vegas.That's a big thing to say but I mean it. If you don't eat here as often as you can, and if you love food, you are missing out on one of the most amazing gustatory experiences to be found in this city, and that includes all of those ridiculously priced restaurants on The Strip.Yes, it might be far away from you, but wouldn't you drive for 20-30 minutes for one of the best meals of your entire life? Shouldn't you drive that far?I've had lunch and dinner here. The only thing that didn't work for me was the "watermelon and pumpkin seed salad." But everything else was "curl your toes yummy!" The soups, the cactus salad, the scallops (OMFG), the mango shrimp (ditto), this is one of the foodgasm swoonilicious restaurants in Vegas. I could eat here every day, twice a day, and be happy.Joel Robuchon has nothing on the chef at Sabor. (Hahaha! I think I'm serious!) Even if you don't like Mexican food, you've still got to go. It ain't your mama's Mexican food! And with the Yelp special, this place is a steal.Be aware that they are currently only open for lunch on Fri/Sat.
4	I took my wife there a week ago friday night.  I would rate it a 5 but the service could be lots better. It was dinner time and it was not crowded. We were seated right away but took some time for someone to come wait on us. Once the waitress finally got our drink order she did come back to check on us and get our food order. The service could have been much better considering there was hardly anyone in there.  We both ordered margaritas which were great. My wifes was some kinda fruit mango something but mine was more traditional. Small but not too pricey.  I ordered the seafood platter which was clams and then shrimp in the middle over rice. Camarones Diablo I think. It was plenty of food. Mexican food is not my favorite but this was great!  I dont know what my wife ordered and she LOVES Mexican food and she loved her food too. The service got better and the food was definitely worth it. Id love to try other dishes and dessert too. We did get the certificate from Yelp which you pay $10 and get $20 off your bill. So that was nice too. Definitely will go back but hope the service gets much better.
5	The food was excellent as was the service. I had the shrimp and clams, which was absolutely delicious. The staff was very friendly and knowledgable about the menu. They also have a great happy hour.
3	one of the best restaurants I've ever try, the food is excellent, but i order a ultimate margarita which I thought was the best margarita(price) but nothing spectacular.
2	The food is great but the service is questionable.  I'm not sure if they're simply understaffed or just lack training and expertise.  We have been there 3 times and everytime it is so stinking hot in the restaurant.  If it weren't for the poor service I would give this restaurant four stars.
5	Four friends and I decided to have lunch at SABOR today.  Sadly we discovered the restaurant was permanently closed last Saturday.   Too bad, with all the great reviews, so few people cared to try out what was considered to be one of the best restaurants in Henderson.
5	I learned of this place through a hispanic friend. We went here twice and tried 4 different dishes. They were all very good. The service was attentive. The food is not the usual Mexican style and includes a good number of seafood dishes. We went before 9/21/11. The review by Gloria K saying they are closed saddens us. BUT THEY ARE (WERE) EXCELLENT !
5	I, too, am VERY disappointed that this place closed. One of the very few REAL mexican restaurants in Las Vegas. Having moved from Los Angeles to Las Vegas in Dec 2010, this was an oasis. Now I'll have to get any Oaxacan food (mole, etc) in LA on visits. The mole tamale appetizer was one of the very best dishes in town.PLEASE reopen, even if across town. I beg you. And I apologize for not reviewing sooner.
4	Seriously the best upscale Mexican/American food I've ever had. I grew up in San Diego and I was interested to see how this would match up to authentic cuisine and it rocked my socks. The chef lived in Oaxaca for several years and what he brought back was pure bliss. Favorite dishes are the chilaquiles verdes and carne asada quesadilla. Oh and the place is stunning. Great job Sabor!
