3	Got a great deal on this hotel for New Years Eve and it was near a bar we planned on hitting, so I figured why not.  It's a nice area, right near the light rail station and a perfectly nice hotel. It's nothing special, but the rooms were nice and clean, the bed was comfortable and the desk staff super friendly. I'll definitely be staying here again.
3	This was a decent Best Western- not the best I have stayed at but certainly not the worst. As already said, it is near the light rail (5 minute or less walk) and $1.75 one way 14 minute ride to the Time Warner Arena/Epi Center. The rooms were clean,  Housekeeping staff very friendly, front desk staff ok friendly and breakfast staff could use some work on friendliness. It does come with free breakfast (make your own waffle, toast, grits, ceral, sausage, hard boiled eggs, three kinds of juice, coffee and tea kind of free breakfast) and it has a fitness center. No pool though which I thought it did have (from the BW website) but I could have seen wrong. Overall worth it and the price was decent for what you got.
5	Breakfast in the morning M-F 530-930am, 6-11am i believe on S/Su. They also have a free shuttle to/from airport with a drop off zone of D at the airport. There is a computer in the lobby in which you can use to print your boarding passes for your flight. Staff was very nice Sunny GM was helpful in expediting our checkin issue. Rooms were super clean. Third floor used to be the smoking floor so if you are sensitive to smoky smell request 1st or 2nd floor.
3	Not bad but not too great! they had continental breakfast that included belgium waffles! that was a plus, we didn't stay in much but I do recall staying there about a week and them not changing our towels or linen and our non smoking room smelled like cigarettes. it was well located and close to the airport and shopping as well as highway and waffle house. 24hr food is always a plus, i want to give it 2 & a 1/2 stars but i can't so i will be fair and give it 3.
5	I chose this hotel sight unseen because it was incredibly inexpensive for the Charlotte area therefore my expectations were really low. I walked into the lobby and was caught off guard, first by the wonderful appearance then by the amazing friendliness and professionalism of the staff. I was in town to have some work done to my Jeep so I was without my family and wasn't scared off by the low rate, however I will gladly stay here with my family and I bet they would think I paid double what I did if I had them guess.Then I was really surprised when I got the room for even less because I was military and then surprised again by how willingly they let me check in early - I was really just hoping to ground my gear somewhere while I waited until 3 PM like so often I've had to in the past at other establishments. As was mentioned by another yelper the house keeping crew was very friendly and did a great job with the rooms, they were even smiling and seemed to enjoy working with each other and it looked to me like they were having fun doing their work, all in all a great bunch.I have to give big kudos to Best Western and especially to Casandra, who was on the desk for running a top notch establishment and knowing that customer service is still important.  Casandra was also very helpful in explaining the rail (CATS) system to me and giving me some wonderful pointers on where to go around town.The rail access was great and I had one of the most enjoyable stays I've ever had in Charlotte.  I will definitely make this my home away from home any time I'm in the Queen City.
4	Very nice hotel room, especially for the price.  I went in a little concerned because of a  review I read about someone finding two cockroaches in their room.  I thoroughly went over the room as soon as I got there, and it was clean.  My husband even checked the air filter and it was totally clean.  The beds were comfy and clean.  The employees were very nice, and best thing was when we checked out it was significantly cheaper than we originally thought!
4	The hotel was fine. Big room, nice staff, and decent breakfast but this hotel is in a BAD area. Our friend who is a Charlotte police officer wouldn't let his wife come down to the hotel.
5	Best Western has upped their game since I last stayed in one. Felt more like a La Quinta to me - in a good way. Nice room, nice toiletries, good shower, cute coffee maker, microwave and minifridge in the room. The breakfast was really good - with sausage and eggs, Belgian waffles, oatmeal, yogurt, fruit. Friendly desk staff, just no problems whatsoever.The area didn't seem bad to me, but what do I know. I'm not a Charlotte police officer.
4	Stayed in this hotel while in Charlotte for a job interview.  It was nice and quiet.  The room was large enough and the sink was actually inside the bathroom (this is a "Thing" that is important to me)  They have free breakfast (I used the waffle station and also brought my own travel coffee mug to fill up.) and are also close enough to the expressway. The lobby is undergoing a rennovation so it looked a little funky, but I'll allow it.
1	The only redeeming quality about this hotel is its proximity to public transit. When I arrived, the room smelled terrible and felt weirdly damp and I should have left at that moment. The bathroom had no ventilation and the window in the room doesn't open. Where does the shower steam go? It seeps into the carpet and the walls and creates a serious mold issue which has left me with a terrible cough after two nights there. The area seems undesirable with a gun store behind the hotel just feet from my room. Definitely won't be staying there again!
3	Stayed for 1 night. Rooms are clean and relatively up to date. The hotel is currently renovating so some areas are under construction. I stayed in a king non smoking room. Beds are not the greatest but I had no problems sleeping. Rooms are equipped with a 32" flat screen tv, cable, mini fridge and microwave. Would have been nice to have HD channels to watch football but no luck. Continental breakfast until 9am. Quality  and price is the upper end of the low budget hotels.
