5	This is for the location inside of The Forum Shops at Caesars. BEST STORE LOCATION, EVER No other V/S throws a sale like this one. Mass quantities of inventory. Impossible to not want to sort through endless lingerie and beauty. I am set for all my unmentionables and bath scents for the next six months. FYI - No credit back onto your V/S card unless you have the original receipt. That means me.
5	This really is my favorite VS, I visit every time I go to Vegas.Why get so excited about bras? In Canada, we have only a tiny number of Victoria's secret locations, and the one location in Toronto takes me 45 min on the subway to get to. Plus, there is nothing better than going in half drunk on casino drinks and getting fitted. (As I am sure this is a regular occasion, and I am sure I stank like booze, I feel bad for the girls)Really helpful, friendly staff, and a huge selection. They always have which bra I would like, in my size, in the colour I want. Plus, with close proximity to the strip and casino fun, Its easy to lure boyfriend into this direction. Being semi-feuled on casino drinks himself, he doesn't seem as uncomfortable waiting for me to finish shopping. Love Victoria's Secret. Really no other bras fit as well, and offer so many comfortable options. Extra Star for getting to shop while buzzed, and it not being taboo.
3	This used to be my favorite VS store before the Ala Moana location opened up in Hawaii in 2009. There's a huge variety of stuff, much more than any of the other the other stores nearby. There's the regular store, a Pink and a Beauty. The salespeople were not very friendly. I think this store has the most selection of different products, in comparison to the other stores on The Strip. If you are shopping in The Forum, make sure you stop by to take a look. ^_^*~
5	This location is one of my favorite VS to shop! Living in Vegas I try to stay away from the strip but since this VS is big and the staff is really friendly. I went here recently when the bras were buy one get one half off? I just couldn't turn down the offer. Bras are not cheap, well comfortable ones. They also have a huge selection of brides to be...so all the ladies throwing a bachlorette party this place is the perfect place to buy a perfect gift! Friendly staff who is always willing to help and the store is just nice and clean!
4	The wife loves this place.  They are very friendly and helpful here even for guys like me who walk in and our faces turn red out of embarrasment.  Stocking stuffers turned out to be a hit.
3	This is the Victoria Secret in the Forum Shops.  The store is huge and has lots of selection.  I was tagging along with a friend and thinking about getting some panties.  The sales people are so aggressive.  The minute you walk in they start in and don't let up. They want to know what your looking for, tell you about their sales (like you can't see the hundred sales signs on everything) want to know your name, your bra size, do you want a fitting?  I know they have to ask some of the questions but if you can tell someone isn't interested and they are getting annoyed then just go bug someone else.  After every question I tell them no I'm just waiting for my friend, I am not interested, they just keep coming at ya.  It is no secret that my tig ol bitties are not fitting in anything in this store.  You know and I know so just back off.  Eventually I just went and sat outside the store and waited for my friend to finish up.  I'll stick to buying online.
3	The usual crowd with the usual understaffing.  Friendly service.
5	So, my girlfriend and I met another couple for dinner at Caeser's.  After dinner we decided to walk around the shops for awhile.  We decided to walk into Victoria's Secret  as Michele loves the "PINK" side of the store.  The place smelled of nice perfume that I'm sure draws everyone in.  We looked through the sweats and everyday wear before we got to the good stuff.We finally hit the lingerie section and were approached by a saleswoman.  She was helpful and pointed us in the right direction.  As guys we didn't know where to stand, as this isn't the place to just hangout and talk about football.  But, we were fine as there was shopping going on.  She picked out some goodies and paid the cashier, who asked if we found everything we were looking for... we said yes and off we went.
5	We walked the strip today. Stopped at Cesar's for a few minutes...or so we thought. As a weight-loss surgery patient, I am often reluctant to try-on clothes in a store, let alone bras. I decided it was time to get fitted for a bra(it's been a few years). Little did I know, I have changed sizes! I am SO thankful they suggested a fitting. Everyone was so helpful when I found out my favorite line was discontinued. Thank you so much for your professionalism. I will be back.
5	Ok I am a big girl and can't really fit into the lingerie here but I am a total sucker for their perfume and the cosmetics they sell. I came here looking for Christmas gifts and was greeted by the sweetest male sales guy ever--not only was he NOT pushy but he helped me tailor EACH gift to a person on my Christmas list. He also complimented and was honest if a scent was too pungent or musky--didn't try to up sell on items that I didn't want or need. He held each bag for me while I chose new scents to either purchase or pass. He had such a positive effect on me that I came back two weeks later to buy myself a couple of perfumes. I have never been to a friendlier (and believe me, I've always had a nice VS experience so that says a lot) experience at a VS ever before. I am so impressed with how many "thank yous" and "how are you doing?" I heard while I was there from truly kind customer service reps. They even arranged everything in the bags as I checked out, offered me a couple of Gift cards and made sure that everything was inputted correctly the first time. I'm definitely impressed and as I lose weight I will be going there to buy my celebratory lingerie for hard work. Thank you to all of you at this location for your kindness, hard work, and for making this girl feel like she's not just a sale but a person you want return business from. :)
5	Biggest , nicest, a lot of selection the best VS Store I ever been too staff a little pushy depending in the date and holidays when I go normal day a is great byt when a holiday around the corner I was greeted by almost  Every sales rep I don't mind the help when I needed but most of the times I rather go on my own and also for semi -annual this is the best store to go ..
5	By far the best Victoria's Secret I have been to. I almost save my shopping until I can get to this one. Well organized and clean. Helpful but not overly annoying staff. Selection of sizes is second to none. I can't say enough about this location!
3	I really enjoy shopping in Vegas. The stores have great selection and typically great service.This store is no exception for the selection and floor staff, however, I waited on line at least 15 minutes with 2 cashiers working and only 2 people ahead of me. They seemed to be more interested in interacting with each other than ringing up customers and getting us out the door.
4	What can you say about a store you'll find in almost every American mall that's really offering you some extra information? Because you'll all know this store, have an idea of what they offer and how the service is. We'll that's probably the only thing I can tell you something about.Had an really good experience. Lots of staff on the floor, short lines and they really helped me finding what I was looking for. Beside that it's a well organised and clean store. Only the music.......pfff......I think I'm returning home with ear damage. But that's in all stores nowadays. As is the very, very dimmed lighting.
1	Nice store with the remodel, BUT WHO IN THE HELL MADE THE DECISION  NOT CARRY ANY OF THEIR FAMOUS LOTIONS, OR SPRAYS?!!! Yep you heard me... Absolutely NONE of their sprays or lotions like the Pure Seduction or Love spell scents. The clerk was just as puzzeled as I was at that decision. It's like going to McDonald's and being told that this particular restaurant doesn't sell big macs after adding a second floor. STUPID!!! I used to come to this store to shop for my female friends who loved all the lotions and sprays because they had the biggest selection. Now I have to go to the Planet Hollywood store. MORONIC DECISION MANAGEMENT!
