4	We just spent the weekend here and enjoyed Spring Training Games.  HoHoKum park is only 5 minutes away, and Camelback is about 30 minutes away which is Nothing!  I really had a fantastic time in the Arizona...period!  BUT what made it so nice is rooms are clean, there is plenty of room in standard rooms, the place is quiet and the beds are SO comfortable!  The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is the Spa/Jacuzzi's were only luke warm.  We talked to the front desk and she said a lot of people had been complaining and she had told maintenance but she didn't know what was going on.  It was still really cold in the evenings, so that was a big let down....also, the air conditioning in the rooms are LOUD....but the comfortability makes up for it.   I would definitely stay here again.  It's mostly older people playing golf, not a lot of kids running around everywhere and our room was right in front of the pool and there was no problems with noise.ENJOY! I would recommend this!
4	We stayed here because it was cheap and close to my brother's house.Were we ever pleasantly surprised!  The people were nice here, the room is huge, there's a 'fridge and microwave in the room too.I like this place, we'll stay here again.
5	Nice casita that can sleep 6 for $99, plus free breakfast. What a deal. Service was excellent but the catered food was TERRIBLE!
5	I highly recommend staying here at the Arizona Golf Resort if you are ever in Mesa Arizona, room is abosulely gorgeous, service is a five star.  Would come back for sure whenever I come back to Mesa.
5	What a pleasant surprise!!!Coming in for the birth of our grandchild, we were on a budget.  WeOriginally booked elsewhere first assuming a golf resort would be out of our budget.  Our stay at our intended hotel lasted about 5 minutes due to disgusting room and rude staff. As we drove to meet friends for dinner we passed the resort and decided to check rates. To our astonishment the resort was less per night than the scuzzy dirty motel down the road.The staff was AMAZING!!!!  From the front desk to security to wait staff I can't believe how helpful, kind and just pleasant every single staff member we met was!!The rooms, while in need of updating, we're spotless!  We had a suite in the back with a front door facing a courtyard and a back door to a patio on the greens. The beds were comfy, the front room was complete with a very well appointed kitchen area and even had a stove top.If you are expecting a Ritz or The Wyndham you will be disappointed. It is outdated and not stuffy or pretentious like those types of resorts  It is not a luxury resort. It is a clean, comfortable, working mans resort with a warm and comfy staff and stunningly affordable rates. We will stay here again and recommend it highly.
5	Customer service was great and the scenery is amazing! Love the fact that everything is very conveniently close by!
2	With the nice looking website and favorable reviews, I had high hopes for this place. Kind of a disappointment. Upon first sight of the resort from the street I felt a little let down, the signage is so old and tacky looking, so I was worried about what the rest of the place would be like.  We were in one of the resort suites which was a separate building that did have the benefit of having it's own pool separate from the main pool.  The one vending machine there was out of order, and the main lobby did not have a little shop that sold drinks or anything which would have been nice to have.  Big gaping whole the the ceiling in the open air hallway area. Lots of work needs to be done, things are falling apart.  The actual room wasn't too bad, decorated better than expected. Not the cleanest though. Long dark hairs on the bathroom floor before anyone had even used it, and none in our party was brunette. The shower head was like 2 feet too short.  And I'm 5'11, you should have seen my 6'2 husband. I had to seriously crank my neck back and bend down to wash my hair. Not a pleasant experience.  The whole tub/shower needs to be replaced. Everything seemed to have layers of dust on it, ESPECIALLY in the kitchen cabinets. Yuck - don't store your food in there until you take a look. The free breakfast was good, although we only went once. No parking fee or Internet fee were all good things.For the resort suites they draw on a little map a very small area to park but it is a shared lot that people also use for private residences? Sketchy. Also very confusing I saw multiple people backing up and looking around trying to find where to go. No clear markings or directions. Didn't matter anyhow because the little lot was full the whole time anyway so we had to park in the main lobby and walk.  The walk wasn't bad but at night you were going through sprinklers and it is not lit at all so you are forced to creep around in the shadows. I would not feel safe if I was doing that walk in the dark alone. My husband and his father were supposed to golf two mornings, but after the first decided the one round was plenty. He said groups of people cut in front the them multiple times and the rental clubs were awful.All these things aren't too major but one thing was really annoying during our stay... We had a rental car during our stay that had it's battery die on us.  We were finally able to get into the car and we decided to go in and ask the front desk if they could call someone in maintenance maybe to get a a jumper cable. We thought it would be quicker and easier than waiting for Alamo to get to us. (We where in a hurry trying to get to a ballgame.) The lady calls maintenance and he says "we don't do that". Okay I know it is not their responsibility for the guest's vehicle, but you would think they would care enough about the customer to help fix a problem like that. A resort that size with golf carts and maintenance vehicles all over the place has got to have a jumper cable. Maybe I'm jaded from being from a small town where people give a damn and a complete stranger will go out of their way to help you - I don't know.  We paid $1000 in room stay, and golf. You can't jump our car and help us out on our short vacation? There is an auto shop across the street! You can't call over there and arrange us some help? Unbelievable. I guess they don't know much about common courtesy of helping someone in need out...especially a paying guest. If we were an elderly couple, you think they would have helped us out?  I don't know.  The rooms weren't bad, but I would not come back to Arizona Golf Resort or recommend it.  I can find a clean updated hotel with a better location, nicer pool, and golf else where next time - even if it means paying a little more. Like they say, "you get what you pay for".
5	The scenery was amazing!! Wooooooooo!! - Well thats my biggest impression of this place. If you're looking for a great place to golf, i suggest you swing by this place. They give you 5 stars customer service and making sure that you're having the best time of your life.
2	the reviews on here are waay too nice. this place is old. the pictures make it look soooo much nicer than it is. everything here is old. im pretty sure the alarm clocks are older than me. the tube tv's have a loud hum when you turn them on. the room was big, and clean, but it had an almost mildewish kinda smell to it. the bed was large, and wasnt too bad. the location is semi central to a lot. but, then again, it is mesa. there's an awesome bagel place around the corner. oh, and the toilet. let me tell you... every 5-8 tires, it will actually flush. the internet was super slow. if you have an ipad, iphone, or anything that needs updates, dont do it on this wifi. all in all, i would have rather stayed at a motel 6. this place must have been cool 2 years ago. i wonder how many people died in that room...
5	Great place!  Needed to meet some people for a one day business meeting.  Hospitality through the roof!  Also booked rooms for a couple nights.  It's an older place but more than served it's purpose, coming from a person that travels and has seen both the best and worst of what hotels offer.Unanimous decision by the group that this will be our "Phoenix" place to meet in the future!
4	I stayed many a moon at the Golf Resort back in the 90's when it was the ONLY place to stay anywhere near Power Road and it was actually pretty much in the middle of nowhere with nothing of interest around it except for a HEB grocery nearby and a smattering of restaurants that closed at 9:00 because nearly all the nearby residents were retirees.  Imagine that!Nice spacious rooms and a great place to get together as a group and grill outside on their grills, and if you played golf that was even better.  I understand it's showing her age these days and is probably due for some updating.  Still, it was a great place and hopefully will remain so.
3	This place is a tale of two hotels. First and foremost, the grounds are quite nice. It's a very big resort, in terms of footprint, with tons of buildings scattered quite a distance from each other. If you have mobility issues or the weather is bad, I can see that being a pain. Since neither was the case when I was there, I liked it a lot. The restaurant inside is good, though not spectacular. Meeting rooms are quite nice. People are incredibly friendly, both at the front desk and in terms of banquet staff. Pools look nice, but I never used one. The rooms are a different story. Apparently they are trying to sell the hotel, so they have done no renovations. You can tell. It's very clean, but just old and worn out. I was upgraded to a big suite with a full kitchen (incl oven), and it was certainly more space than I needed for a few nights. The TVs are old with very few channels. The WiFi is very poor. The bathroom is small and the shower head is suitable for a 5 year old, in terms of height. Beds are comfortable. The patio is quite nice, as mine overlooked the 18th green (I believe it was the 18th). If this place gets updated, I could see it being fantastic. But as of now, the rooms bring down the otherwise nice place.
4	Stayed in a casita in the 600 area which was very fine. Comfortable bed, nice facilities including sink and fridge. Very quiet and the curtains did a fine job of keeping out sunlight. Didn't watch TV but the wi-fi was spotty. Shower pressure was not great but serviceable. Outside our cluster of rooms were weber grills and a jacuzzi. Staff was most attentive and courteous and arrived promptly when I requested a lift to the registration area or other functions around the large restort. Location is fantastic for the event I attended -- the premiere gathering of BONANZA fans at Lorne Greene's Ponderosa Ranch -- the actor's former home built to be an exact duplicate of the famed ranch house set. It was a short walk across the outer rim of the driving range to the back of the "Cartwright" ranch house (but if you walk across the green rather than get a complimentary ride from the resort to the Greene house, do watch out when the old duffers are practicing their drives . . )
2	I fully acknowledge that I'm probably not target audience for this place.  I attended a professional conference and stayed here for four nights.  I don't golf, so I can't comment on that but...The accommodations were alright (400's a suite)-I don't have incredibly high standards, but the furniture in our suite was rather dated and appeared as though it hadn't been updated since 1992.  Everything was clean, and I can tolerate outdated much better than dirty.  While I don't need a flat screen tv, I do appreciate one that does not have diagonal fuzzy lines through the picture, the channel selection was also slim.  The biggest issue for me was the internet connection.  I couldn't stream video because the connection was less than 1MBPS download.  The 'fitness center' was a rather remote location and a bit dismal.  We did have a hospitality suite on the other side of the resort (700's maybe) and it was actually quite nice, very updated and modern, so perhaps that is part of the varied reviews here-that some of the buildings/rooms have been renovated and others have not.The actual conference facility/meeting rooms were acceptable.  The outdoor space was quite nice and enjoyable.  I had no complaints on the food.  The staff were also decently accommodating.  Though, when I asked about getting transportation into Phoenix, I was met with a blank stare-like no one staying here had ever asked such a thing.O, and there is a replica of the Ponderosa homestead made by Lorne Greene (Ben Cartwright in the show) on site.  Yeah, that went off the air 10 years before I was born, but the family that runs it is quite nice.  By the end of the event, I had heard a rumor that the facility was in bankruptcy and bank owned which accounted for the lack of updates.All in all, if I had the chance to stay here again, I would probably only do so if I got a great rate ($100 or less)
1	I would give this place negative stars if I could. We planned a trip for a softball tournament to Arizona and found this room online. We called and booked a suite big  enough for 6 people. The guy who booked the room said it didn't matter how many people we had in the room it only mattered for breakfast and since we were not having breakfast two ppl was all we needed to list. I provided him with my card number to reserve and he said they would not charge anything until midnight the night we were staying if we did not show. This was a month and a half ago. Our trip was this weekend and after driving 6 hours we show up to the Hotel only for the manager Tammy to tell me she is sorry but they tried to run the card on file and it was invalid so they gave the room away! I told her it was impossible and she tried to act like she was embarrassing me by saying my card declined, which when I confirmed the last 4 was not even my bank card I had provided. What it came down to is every place in the area was booked for several events and she up sold our room leaving us stranded without a place to sleep! It took two hours to find a room but we went through Marriott which was a much better hotel. This could have been considered one incident but we had other people that were staying at Arizona golf resort as well and Tammy gave away the double they reserved trying to put 3 adults in one king bed! We have attempted to contact corporate through email and on Facebook. They deleted our Facebook post. Do not ever book here if you get into town late and they are over sold you might be stuck without a place to stay. I was very disappointed and if the manager Tammy is any indication of how the hotel runs its a nightmare. She had the worst customer service skills I have ever seen!
1	Let's see where do we begin. We were in Phx for a wedding there were about. 20 of us w/ several rooms. We arrived checked in @ 12:30 am after arriving from The airport. We went to our casita I'm a lovely little quiet alcove(this is the 1 star) our electronic key didn't work. After several try's we call for maintenance . He arrived and was also unable to open the door. He went got another key which also didn't work . He let us in then w/ his key & went to get another! @ 1am came back still didn't work . Then we discovered the toilet didn't flush ! Let th know I the morning & they said they had to snake it 3 times! All friends at the other end also had plumbing problems - toilet, no hot water. One arrived in his room w/ 2 TVs in boxes that they had to connect! Others phones weren't connected@ all!  But the crux was- get this ... RATS IN THE RAFTERS OF THE BRIDAL SUITE! the bride and groom had to leave early!!!!!   DONT STAY HERE! It's a has been! Most people golfing were on their 80s!
1	This place is very lacking, to say the least. Our large party for a baseball tournament arrived to find our rooms had no phones, clock radios, missing remotes, tv's not working, no coffee, etc. The process just to turn the tv on was amazing! The furniture was dirty and at least 30 years old. Parking is an issue, especially if you have a large vehicle or truck. Spaces are extremely small and hard to get in and out of. The front desk service was not very good. Ladies were rude and not helpful. The grounds staff were nice though. Overall, for the price, this place is a huge disappointment. I would not stay here again.
1	Worst hotel I have ever stayed at.  Can't even really call it a hotel as its more like a MOTEL.  We parked our car and the first thing we saw was a dumpster that looked like it hadn't been dumped in a month.  Beer boxes, cans, and bottles all over the place.  I stayed there last weekend during March Madness, but our TV didn't work for the first 2 days.  We finally had TV by day 3, but of course lost Air Conditioning.  They said they could fix it by 10 am on our last day.  We were leaving at 5am so no help.  I demanded we get a different room.  We finally got place in a new room with both TV AND A/C on the third day around 5pm.  Leaving the next day at 5 am.........yay! lol  When I spoke to the front desk about a discount she said management is authorizing one night for free.  So I am paying for a full 3 days, even though I only had a day and a half of everything they offer.  Its ridiculous.  When I went to give my credit card so she can split the pay between me and another person, i expressed my disappointment.  The lady said sorry sir, i can offer you unlimited drink coupons for the bar.  Are you kidding me?  I leave for airport at 5am and you think me getting drunk is gonna solve everything.  This place sucks!  Now I am back in Washington, and the person I was splitting the room with informed me that they charged her the full amount.  ZERO communication at this place, from check in ladies to management (who I never saw).  I swear the average IQ of the workers there was that of a 5 yr old.  Worst experience ever and I really hope my review helps people avoid this terrible place.
4	A bit outdated but the hotel staff took great care of us. The suite style rooms were reasonably priced and golf came with the room! Gave us free shuttle ride to the mall and paid for shuttle to the airport the next day. Some of the rooms are being remodeled and we would love to come back and stay in those!
1	At glance was looking clean and nice i said when we check in because it was After getting something to eat i sat on the bed and bugs jumped on me . Small black fleas . Alive . I put a few in a cup , then began to look at the bed, pull all covers off, bugs, chips snd wood things under all the covers. My husband call front desk, -a person came looked all he ssid was "not good, housekeeping arent doing their jobs"He told us he was off in 5 mins,but he would get someone on it .Hour later still in the room, no one came to help, my husband again called, yes this was last night writting it this morning , i was to upset last night .After calling them, they said they would send a person to help , now two hours still nothing , .my husband walked to front desk, demanded a new room , got it. They gave him a use of a golf cart , to get our things to one room to the next , it died , we moved ourselves to new room 4 hours later , no help, no sorry, The new room was clean, no bugs, ..So when checking in here make sure and check carefully
2	Pretty old and dirty, has not been updated I'm many years. The ceiling in the bathroom is falling apart
5	Nice place resort people friendly , price was affordable for a resort , the room where clean and fresh will come again
5	I love this place every time I go here the customer service is great. I went to a wedding and the room was so nice decorated. I been in the pool and its always clean. The environment is quiet you don't see crazy people around there. They have a big parcking lot as well. The golf camp is very nice. About the rooms they are big and more important they are very clean. I recommend this place !!
4	Wow! The escalators are like the stairs to heaven! Once you get past that the lobby is beautiful! A nice bar area downstairs and a great coffee shop as well! The rooms were perfect for what we needed usual amenities apply! The only issue I had was the fact that this hotel is adjacent to the Ritz Carlton that has a neon flashing sign that runs 24/7 to promote the AZ Live area! This area is amazing and it equivalent to a fancy AZ  block! Almost Time Square like! The sigh flashes all night red and bright colors and curtains are heavy but there always that little crack of light of the side and for someone with sensitive sleep issues may be a problem. No noise so just a eye pillow could do the trick!
4	Spend the weekend at this hotel, I couldn't be any happier. The room is very comfortable, but what make this hotel special is the service. A car with a driver ready to take you anywhere you want in downtown for free' call back when you're done and he'll pick you up. The food is delicious and the staff is very accommodating.
