4	A year ago someone hit my car in a parking lot and took off. My deductible was $500 and they managed to pay for my deductible because my car wasn't able to properly turn and my door woulldnt POW. They fixed it in 3 days and did a great job! You cant tell there was ever any problems! Thanks guys!
5	I got a recommendation to go here from my car guy *Gary at Advanced Auto* and he couldn't have been more right. I took my car in to get a quote on having the bumper fixed post fender bender and the owner, a man named Kelly, was beyond helpful. He quoted me repair versus replace and offered to pay for my rental car upon my return to get my car fixed. I've never had such great personal service. I will definitely be bringing my car here when I'm ready to get the damage fixed.
5	This shop sure fixed my problem fast and without any issues.  I was rear-ended and stopped by to get an estimate, which I got in about 15 minutes.  Easy and convenient.  The estimate was reasonable and they stayed within it.  In fact, it was actually better and more accurate than the insurance company shop, which I also visited for an estimate.They promised to get the car out in 24 hours or so and they beat that - it was ready the same day.I recommend this body shop.  The repair job was just beautiful.  And they even washed my car!
5	These guys are great! Kelly and mark are always professional and I always refer my customers to them.  Especially for classic cars. But, they do all makes body shop repairs! Thanks guys for helping me out! See you next time my truck needs fixed.
5	I came here for an estimate on some damage on my car. I found them through Yelp and because of their great reviews went here.  Kevin Mitchell was wonderful.  I felt completely at ease here and he showed me where I actually had more damage on my car than I thought I did.  He wrote up an estimate for me and did not try to get me to schedule that day or push me into anything.  Once I get my estimate done through my insurance, I will definitely come back here to get the work done because I feel they will do great work and they care about their results and their customers.  Thank you KevinMandy Brehm
5	I just picked up my car from Brighton Ranch body shop today and without being asked or enticed I am happily writing a review of my experience.I had a minor accident after I moved here last month.  I searched on Yelp and found this shop nearby so I went for an estimate.  I also went to another shop that my insurance company referred and had a similar estimate.  Kelly the manager is super nice and patient and he followed up with me a few times in the following weeks while the other shop didn't even call once.  I decided to drop my car with him because he followed up with me. And he finished the entire body work in less than the promised time (in 3 days vs 5 days of the other shop)! I am very happy about my experience being the newbie in town. If you are unfortunately involved in an accident like me be sure to visit Kelly to get an estimate!  It's the people who makes or fails a business. Kelly is the maker and a keeper! Thanks Kelly! Maggie W
5	We recently had repairs done on one of our cars that got rear ended.  We also got an estimate from a body shop that is certified by our insurance company.  I appreciated the fact that Kelly looked the car over well to verify that it was safe to drive until we brought it in for body work.  We have used the guys at Brighton Ranch on two other occasions.  We have always been happy with the quality of their work and they provide good customer service, so that is why we opted to choose them over the other body shop.  Thanks for doing a quality job in the timeframe you promised.
5	The repairs to my car looked amazing. Everything was handled by Kelly. He made this an easy process. The color match was exellent (one of my major concerns). I would tell anyone who needs a body shop, this is it.
5	Unfortunately, I got into another collision recently and again, went to Brighton Ranch.  Again, they did a great (and timely) job and were super nice.I was thinking about why I like this shop so much and I think it's because not only do they fix your car but also they make you feel secure - sort of like you know they will treat you right.  At a lot of auto repair places, you don't really know that.  Here, they will fight for you to make sure the insurance company buys original parts.  That happened in this case - the insurance company wanted to put in used parts and Kelly at Brighton fought for me to get an original part.I promise I am not related to this business or any of its employees, although it sounds like it.  I just think that people who do a spectacular job of service ought to be commended.Thank you, Brighton Ranch!
5	Bottom line, I have a choice of auto body shops in Scottsdale and I choose Brighton Ranch. Brighton was a referral from a friend who raved about their service. Now I'm taking the opportunity to thank them for their quick, high quality work at very fair prices. The first time I brought in a new batwing for my bike to be painted. They matched up the unusual grey/blue color of my bike perfectly and repaired a fender scrape in just a couple of days.  Unfortunately, a couple months later, the hills of Jerome got the best of my bike and I had to bring the batwing in again to repair some scrapes. Again, I was satisfied with the price, the speed and the quality.  That sold me... two great experiences convinced me to take in my BMW for a fender repair. My son had scraped a curb and I had put off getting it repaired due to the cost. Brighton quoted me a great price and had me back in the driver's seat in just a couple of days. I love these guys and so will you!
5	These last few years the paint on my hood and roof of my otherwise trusty Tacoma was falling off. So I decided to look up paint and body shops by work and found Brighton to have really good reviews. I can see why now. The owner Mark House is easy to work with providing great customer service, from the estimate being spot on to the final bill all the way to the rental car coordination. He threw in a free buff of my whole truck even the headlights. When I picked it up the inside was cleaned as well. I happily handed over my debit card. Highly recommended!
5	Yep...traveling through Phoenix on way to San Fran and had a "fender bender" that left my car all crunched up...was told Brighton ranch body shop was the place to go...was told right about that...they did a great job. Mark and Kelly made the bad experience almost pleasant...great place to take your crunched car...they did it right...Jim
