4	Charlotte certainly isn't lacking for Tex-mex food, but El Cancun always pleases me.Don't get me wrong-- this is your typical tacos, burrito, chips & salsa kind of place, but compared to others in the area, I find it more satisfying and a better value for your money. Lunch, especially, is nice because you can eat for about $5 plus tax/tip. I'd say this place is on par with Azteca on Woodlawn, if you need a comparison.Daily specials are your standard fare-- one day has cheap Corona, another cheap margaritas, for example.If you are in the area, definitely give it a try. If you are up in Charlotte, I wouldn't both coming all the way down.Staff's always been friendly, and one of the big guys there always seems to remember what I ordered last time, even if it's been a few weeks.
5	Excellent Mexican food.  Highly recommend.  My personal favorites include the El Vegitariano & Burrito Texano.  Chips and salsa are always great, plus good sweet tea.  Go check it out.
4	Another of the "pretty darned good" Mexican restaurants in the Charlotte area. Maybe it's not perfectly authentic, but the food quality and quantity is excellent. It is definitely on par with any of the other similar restaurants I have Yelped.Very wide menu, which includes several vegetarian options as well as the usual carnivore stuff. The chips brought to our table were warm and fresh, along with two bowls of salsa. The mild one was just that. Mild. No spice at all. The hot was well peppery. I was able to mix one into the other to make one that was "just right" though it was still not the chunky style I prefer.The food was served promptly and accurately. The rice was fresh and not crunchy or stale at all. My friend totally demolished his Texas-style burrito - I was sure he was about to start licking the plate!Very convenient, right off the highway at Carowinds Blvd. Great prices. Good drinks.Would I return? Absolutely!
4	El Cancun was a great choice for lunch.  They serve warm tortilla chips and some pretty good salsa.  Talk about lunch on the cheap, you've gotta check out the prices on their lunch specials, it'll make you want to order more than one entree!  Cheap doesnt mean careless here, the food was excellent and they spiced it perfectly.  The portions are as most Mexican restaurants: huge, and service was friendly.  I will definately be back for some dinner.
5	Favorite Mexican restaurant!! Best salsa, good prices, awesome service!
5	Yummy yummy. I had one of the best enchiladas from here. The tacos are good too. I was greeted by a very nice lady and they had my food to me in no time. From the outside its not that flattering but inside its so cute, they also have a patio area which is nice during the summer. Their margaritas are great plus the prices are good.
2	Not the best I have had mediocre and generic for that matter. I ordered the carnitas(fried porks pieces) and what I got was like five chunks of dry flavorless pork. Not good kinda left feeling sick. The rest of the food ordered by the rest of my party was none to appetizing either. I recommend going to find a place on or by south blvd in Charlotte  like Azteca it's well worth the extra five minute drive. The only plus to this place was the super sized sodas. Haha
4	Pretty good, fairly authentic food. Not the best I've had, but decent. Service: average.
1	worst Mexican I've had... and I like the standard Tex Mex that usually all tastes the same and seems like it must be easy to get right, but I couldn't even eat this.  it's a holiday so maybe the staff wasn't the usual but beyond that even the chips weren't good, the taco shells were stale, the ladies room smelled like a dirty kitchen and the food was overall flavorless.  I never send food back (didn't tonight either) but I almost feel like I should have given them some feedback... thus the review.  oh yea the service was odd... the waitress didn't even ask us if we were ready to order. She just gave us a look... even if she didn't speak english she could have smiled or something.
2	My experience at El Cancun was okay.  Typical Tex-Mex style food - too much cheese, too much grease, not a lot of flavor.  You have probably eaten this type of Mexican many times.  Nothing about the visit stands out to me.I probably would not go back.
1	This is the second time that I have been here, and both times were terrible. I typically enjoy the standard "tex-mex" type restaurants, but this was a pretty poor example of the style.Like most of these places the experience starts with chips and salsa; this salsa was bland and watery. The chips were cold and stale; not sure when they made them, but I'm sure that it was not the day they served them to us... At this point I should have left and drove up the road to Azteca, Don Pedro or any of the other taco shacks the Queen City has to offer; but sometimes I am not so sharp so we proceeded to order lunch.I ordered the chimichanga; now usually a chimichanga is a flour tortilla filled with a wide range of seasoned flavorful ingredients and deep fried until it is a golden brown color and slightly crispy on the outside. This thing was filled with bland, unflavorful, grayish colored "shredded beef" and was soggy, they then smothered it in some sort of unseasoned canned tomatoes that they tried to pass off as salsa, I assume to mask the lack of flavor in the dish itself. On the side was some wilted lettuce with sour cream and something that vaguely resembled guacamole, and some oily rice that was nearly as flavorless as the rest of the meal. Phenomenal. I managed to eat about a quarter of this flavorless, oily, soggy train wreck before I gave up and threw in the towel. When the server finally came back around several minutes later, she acted like she didn't even notice that none of us had eaten more than half of their meal, and quietly picked up the plates and brought us our checks. None of us were asked how our meal was, if everything was OK, if we wanted any desert or more chips and salsa, and none of us received a refill on our drinks.All in all, this was one of the worse restaurant prepared meals that I have had the pleasure of experiencing. Kudos to the good folks at El Cancun
1	I've only been here once, but thought I'd share after reading some other reviews. First off, this is NOT TexMex. I'm not sure what I would classify it as, maybe AmeriMex, but definitely NOT TexMex. Now that I have that out of the way, I'll say that I like El Cancun. I do not like this El Cancun. While it looks decent on the outside and the inside, the food and service were simply terrible. Chicken was very watered down, the salsa was flavorless, and the service make a fast food chain look really good. Just a poor, poor experience at this location overall. If this was the only El Cancun in Charlotte, I would feel the same way many posters do and just never come back. Luckily for me, I live in Rock Hill. There's an El Cancun here. And it's pretty awesome. I won't give it a full on review because this isn't really the place for it, but suffice it to say that if you're in RH and you see the El Cancun and you go "ugh, no way that place is terrible" don't put your experience with the really shitty location on to the one in Rock Hill and give the other one a chance.
1	Skip. The Enchiladas are like a bad day at a sewage treatment plant. A revolting brown sauce, inedible beef, fake cheese, and a bizarre flavor that leaves one gagging. The rice is flavorless and the chips (which came with the meal) taste days old. Hey at least the canned refried beans can't be screwed up.
1	Very disappointed,  I grew up in Texas and lived in Tex-Mex.  the enchilada sauce had a very weird taste.  I couldn't even finish it.
4	El Cancun is no more. Closed. Fini. Terminado. Yesterday was their last day. According to the staff (who took great care of us even though they were starting to run out of stuff), there are some needed repairs that the landlord isn't interested in making. So they're closing and moving to a spot not yet determined. I didn't get a lot of confidence that it's going to happen or that they can keep the vibe that they have here.It's a bummer because I like Corona with a lime. And I like chips and salsa. And their chicken chorizo with rice and beans is pretty darned good as they cover it with white queso. Yummy. What's "heart attack" in Spanish?Adios, El Cancun. It's been great.
