4	This place had excellent service! We took our friend here for her birthday on a girl's day nail salon trip before they all headed out to vegas for the weekend. There were four of us in the group, all getting a manicure and pedicure (except me, I only got a manicure). The staff were all really nice, I think part of it had to do with me being Vietnamese so we got extra attentive service. I think they were also just that polite because they brought everyone cookies and got us tea. All of my friends had been going there regularly because it's right by our university. They are always happy with the quality of their nails and one of the techs specializes in doing the nail art, and she did a great job on all of their toes, drawing a unique design for each on of my friends. I had a manicure and got a heart on two fingers, and since they said it was so small, they didn't charge me for it! All in all, great deal for $12 since we got a salt scrub, lotion massage, and total spa experience feel. My friends spent around $40 for a combo mani/pedi with nail art, which was a great deal!
4	Awesome service and great pedicures! I swear they massage your legs forever...even with a hot stone! Highly recommend!
2	I went to Lobo Nail & Spa yesterday while I was waiting for my husband to finish up a platelet donation.  Thought this could be a a really convenient way to multitask!  Pedicure was ok - but I was very disappointed when I rolled down the legs of my capris only to find that the tech had soaked the hem area with oil.  Neither she or the manager offered any compensation at that time.  They told me it would wash out in the laundry.  Guess what - IT DIDN'T!  Took the capris in & showed the manager.  He was very apologetic and told me he would have them cleaned at the dry cleaners.  I'm happy to report that the cleaner was able to remove the stains.  Sadly I am skeptical of using this facility again.  Was way too much hassle!
2	This was my second time to this nail salon for a pedicure. The first time I was not impressed. I came for the second time because it is close to my house and pretty affordable. The first time I came was a few years ago, so I thought it may have gotten better right? Wrong. Very very wrong. The first thing that worried me was that I was going to have a male technician. I have ALWAYS had bad experiences with male techs. I decided to bite my tongue and pray for the best. He started off by cutting my cuticles and obviously does not know how to properly cut. He was cutting my skin and hurting me. Then we get to the massage. It was honestly the worst massage I have ever had. He basically slapped the lotion on and was talking in Vietnamese to his colleagues the entire time. It was not 10 minutes that the brochure promises. More like 6. Then comes the hot stones. Oh goodness, reliving this is painful! He put the hot stones on my foot first and I yelped! It was so incredibly hot I felt it burn my skin. I said "whoa that is way too hot!!" He chuckled, said okay, then put them back on that foot in the same spot! I had to pull my foot away and say YOU ARE BURNING ME! Even the nail tech next to him said "too hot! That's too hot fo her!!"   The color was just the basic polish but came out looking good. my mom loved her nails and that is the only reason I am giving them 2 starsDo not waste your money here. You can pay your little sister $5 to give a better foot and leg rub and she most likely won't burn you.
4	I thought this place was nice, clean, and provided a nice, cheap pedicure.  I didn't do any of the "add-ons", just a basic pedicure, and it lasted forever!
1	If I could give zero stars to recommend this place I would! This was my second time in, I was in for a polish change between my fills. The older gentleman that sits in the back absolutely cannot simply paint nails. First he was distracted by the football game. He wasn't looking at my hands while filing so they were not straight. I asked him to fix them and he grew increasingly angry. He vented to his coworkers and they all walked over to see what he was doing. He made my nails worse than before when he slapped on more and more paint. I asked him to make sure the paint wasn't too thick and he yelled at his coworker, got up and threw the nail file down. A nice lady sat down, took a look at my nails and immediately took the polish off and reprinted them. I gave her a $5 tip (for a polish change) and proceeded to the front. The man said $14 for a polish change. The sign is posted for $8. He said that filing the nails is $6. What a joke. I will absolutely never go back.
5	Amanda my favorite nail tech just started working here. I got a fill and the environment and service was excellent! If you are looking for acrylics, gel polish, pedicure or waxing, this is the place to go!
4	Pedicure virginity: TAKEN.So we decided to get and pedicures over the weekend and I had never been. Boyfriend and his parents go all of the time together and his Dad especially loves them. I figured, I am on my feet all of the time like his dad, and my feet are pretty busted - maybe I need to give in and try it out. I have had a manicure before - not a fan. I bite my nails just fine. Ha!We looked at a couple of places closer to home on Yelp, but they seemed more expensive with their a la carte and package deals, and Lobo is where boyfriend and his family always go so we went with the tried and true. I was really pleased with the shop, nothing spectacular and high end, but I didn't expect that. if I was going to have a whole spa day, sure I may expect more, but this was some routine maintenance right? Perfectly suited for the need. The place was clean, chairs were comfortable, and everyone was super friendly.We got the deluxe pedi package and added on some extras, but we had the sugar scrub with massage, lotion massage, hot stones, and a nail buff. They were pretty busy with what seemed like a lot of regulars, that's a good sign. Every single tech i saw was either on someone's hands or feet working away. They had a couple of TV's on with football playing (Sunday afternoon, so yeah) and that made it interesting to me - having a pedicure while watching football. Can I get a beer?Anywho, we will drive the extra distance to come back here, I like me some Lobo!
