4	I've frequented this store for many years and have always had good luck getting help from the employees.   Generally if I can't find a book, all I need to do is ask at customer service and they'll either point me in the right direction or help me to place an order for the book.   The store has a good selection of product besides books as well including comics, games, collectibles, etc.I've never noticed the cleanliness issues that some of the other Yelpers have mentioned about this store.   Perhaps I've only shopped there on the days they cleaned?
1	I've been boycotting this store since 2009.  One afternoon after browsing for a while with my kids, I allowed my 10yo and 8yo to stay in the children's section to pick out a book to spend their allowance money on while I ran next door to TJ Maxx to buy the toddler a pair of shoes.  I'd been gone 30 minutes when I returned to find the horrid lady in the children's section had called the police on us.  She never asked the kids  their ages and didn't ask if they had a way to reach me (they did).  The police talked to them, realized they were perfectly well behaved consumers, and assured me I'd done nothing illegal.  Avoid like the plague.
4	The Starbucks inside doesn't take Starbucks gift cards. Wtf?Otherwise clean and no service issues. They have always been attentive to when I need help looking for something. The layout of the store also actually makes sense, so you don't have to look around long for a topic.
4	I like how the Starbuck's here is I the center of the bookstore.  Nice place to people watch!  Ahh, but that was in my more formative years, before having a kid.  Now, we go there mainly to look at the kid's section and I think they have a good variety.  Definitely like spending an afternoon here chillin' with the kiddo and picking out books!
1	I generally visit this Barnes and Noble to use the starbucks area but the first time I visited this location it was about to close and I ran inside to grab a bookmark and even though they closed in 5 minutes the later was badgering me to get out quickly. My girlfriend works in the area and I use this area for its wi-fi when she has shorter shifts. I usual will buy a rice crispie or a frappucino. There's this spiky haired worker  who when I don't buy something and I'm on my laptop will bother me until I buy something. Then when you buy something he still has a scowling attitude. I once was there for an hour and he asked me every ten minutes if I needed anything, giving him the same response each time. Afterwards I got up and looked at some books and it seemed one of the associates followed me around to see if I was going to steal anything. I haven't been back since.
4	Welcoming, clean, and a wonderful place to snuggle with my little guy and read books while we pass time. The staff is friendly and kind. The Starbucks guy was funny and helpful. Overall a nice visit. The one thing I wish that businesses (and this BN is guilty of it) WOULD NOT do is put the changing table in the handicap stall. There was a woman in the handicap stall for...no joke...45 minutes. I had to take my boy out to the car to change him as I sure won't change him on a pad on a public restroom dirty yucky floor. I wouldn't have had to do that on a 113 degree day though if the darn changing table was outside the handicap stall. And the reason I know it was 45 minutes? We went in to the bathroom right at our arrival and had to use it again 45 minutes later. Same lady in the stall. And yes, she was ok. Or so she said. So, if you have kids, keep this in mind when using the rest room, otherwise enjoy a very nice experience at this BN location.
5	I Love this store so much to look at and buy and to top it off a Starbucks in the middle Love it!!!
4	Friendly knowledgeable staff very clean store good job thank you everybody
