5	I appreciate comics. I truly do. They are little works of art that people pour their hearts and souls into. I just have never had the patience to get into them. I think it's the pictures that distract me. Bear in mind that a piece of string can usually distract me. Samurai Comics is a little shop I drive by at least twice a day. I finally stopped by to investigate and lo and behold, wall to wall comic books. The newest issues of most any comic book you can imagine and a whole section of back issues. A selection of underground comics and 'zines are available for sale as well. All the comics were very neatly displayed and everything was very organized. They obviously care about what they're selling.If your walls are covered in action figures (mint in package!) you can find your fair share of them here. There is also quite a large selection of Anime on DVD (used and new for sale) and Manga to check out. Trading cards are also available for those of you who are Yugi-Poke-Magic fans. The gentleman behind the counter was very friendly and asked me if I needed any help finding anything. When I left, he thanked me for coming by. I told him I'd be back soon and odds are, I will be. There's this Wonder Woman action figure I've had my eye on...
5	My boyfriend loves this place! They have about the nicest staff you could ask for. There's no stereotypical haughty, know-it-all, jerkhole comic book clerk (think the Simpson's comic book guy) at Samurai. They know their product and enjoy discussing comics, toys and anime with anyone and everyone. Their selection of current comics is unbeatable, although they really could use more back issues. When the death of Captain America issue came out, they sold out pretty much immediately. Because the owner knew my boyfriend was a fan and a regular, he saved an issue just for him. Ya can't ask better service than that!
5	It's kind of nice to know that your favorite comic book store and someone involved in the comic business are out there doing some good for the world.Mike Bullock, writer for The Phantom, helped create a line of stories called "Invisible Children" based on the civil wars happening in Uganda and what horrors the children there are facing.  They are being kidnapped by a warlord and forced to fight for his army.  How sick is that?Last Saturday, the 11th, Mike made an appearance at Samurai Comics to make people aware of what was happening and sign books.  Proceeds of the books went toward helping these children.  Samurai also donated a percentage of their sales that day to the same cause.A co-worker of mine is a close friend of Mike's and told me there may still be copies at the store.  If you like comics, there's nothing I can think of that's better than getting something you enjoy as well as helping others in the world.Kudos to Samurai and Mike for donating some of their time and money to helping such a cause.Check out the website on the Invisible Children, talking about the movement to save these children's lives.http://www.invisiblechildren.com/home.php
5	Here is just one of the few places in the Valley you can find work from local, indie artists. But, don't take my word for it. Go see for yourself. In fact, do yourself a favor and pick up any book by Daniel Davis - After Halloween, Klawberry or Caught Creatures. There's nothing quite like finding a rare ruby among faux diamonds. And it's so cool to be able to support local artists! Samurai Comics is a favorite comics store; one of the best anywhere, according to comic book enthusiasts (which I admit I am not). It has a friendly staff, nice owner and clean atmosphere. Problem is, though, that Samurai Comics, like many other stores, use the same corporate distributor - by force? Sadly, it makes the stock they carry nearly identical.But, check out Samurai; it's one of the best.
4	I've had an increasingly bad experience with my comic shop of choice over the last several months (which you can read all about in my Atomic review, if you're that bored) and was told about this shop - which I'd never heard of before. It's in a comparatively small building, if some other valley comic chains are the standard, but what they lack in space, they make up for in good, knowledgable staff and a pretty decent amount of stuff. It's in sort of a bad neighborhood, sandwiched between the 'Gay' Denny's (Is there such a thing as a 'Straight' Denny's?) and a pretty good taco stand whose name escapes me.If back issues are your thing, that's Samurai's achilles heel, and you may want to look elsewhere. Their back catalog just leaves a whole lot to be desired, but I've noticed that they frequently put their back issues on sale, so perhaps that is the culprit. I noticed that they have a few more graphic novels than other shops, too, and they sort them by publisher. (Barf)I really like that they greet you when you come in, but don't hump your leg and try to hard-sell you things that you don't need or want like some of the other places in Phoenix. I recommend it to people who just want to pick up monthly titles or graphic novels, but definitely hit up All About or some such if you're looking for back issues.
3	As far as comic book store go, this place is pretty standard. I'm not saying that in any sort of negative way at all either. They've got a really solid collection of recent issues as well as graphic novels. Their manga section is so-so, their toys are slim, but what taints my experience here is the back issues selection. I was looking for some issues of Fathom and could not for my life find anything. The girl at the cashier was really great and friendly as she tried to help me find what I was looking for, but even she commented on how disorganized those boxes were.Like I said, don't get me wrong because this place is still great; comics, staff, and all. I guess I'm more of an Atomic Comics kinda fan just in terms of what they offer overall.
3	Still my favourite comic book store in Arizona. It's locally owned and operated. It's a little small with a standard selection but they will order or transfer anything for you, at retail price. The staff is also super knowledgeable - if you're looking for something really specific, chances are they'll know what you're talking about or know someone who does. I would very much recommend shopping here over other Arizona chain stores just for the service alone.
4	I just love the new location! Much bigger and well stocked on single issues. With the new location and great products Samurai had moved up to my second favorite comic book store in the valley. Plus they are open later on fridays which I greatly appreciate. Plus the workers at this store are very friendly and helpful much more so then other comic stores, which i consider fantastic!
5	No comic book store in the Valley can top Samurai's knowledgable and friendly customer service.  Come for the comics; stay for the fun environment.
5	Excellent customer service.  They even have signings and events.
5	Staff is knowledgable and friendly. They have a big space, and hold lots of comic related event, but also gaming events for RPG's and CCG's. I visited all the comic shops when I moved here from NYC looking for a new on to feed my comic addiction, and Samurai is the one that I choose as the most real.
4	Super fun nerd store with comic books, some games, and fun gifts.  It is unusually clean with really nice salespeople.  They also have fun events periodically.
5	Okay, so first up...let me offer a disclaimer.  I am currently employed part time at Samurai Comics.  But here's why...I shopped at Samurai Comics starting my last year of High School (2001-2002).  I had shopped at a chain comic shop before that for 3 years.  3 years later, they still didn't know my name.  They just knew me as the guy that dropped a100 bucks in there store every two weeks.  I went to the oldest comic book shop in Phoenix, and got that weird "too trendy" feel from them.  Driving down Camelback, I saw a sign that said COMICS.  I screeched to a halt and went in to check out Samurai Comics.  I was greeted as soon as I walked through the door.Unlike the other stores I had shopped at, I was asked if I needed any help when I was wandering the store.  I mentioned that I was looking for a new place to set up a subscription.  This was with Ray (who still works there) and Brandon.  The nerd talk started to fly fast and furious as they asked what books I was interested in.  Super friendly people, so I decided to go ahead and set up the sub.I walked in two weeks later and got my sub.  The guy behind the counter (Jeff, who no longer works there but is an awesome dude) informed me that he tossed some extra books in that I was under no obligation to buy.  He just saw that they had Batman in them and that my list was primarily Batman.  These are books that didn't even advertise having the Bat in them, so I totally would have missed out in these books!  So I got a good vibe from the place.I came in a week later, and was greeted by my first name.  Seriously, I had come in 3 times in a month and Mike and Moryha knew my name and had a good idea of what books I was crazy about.  I was blown away.  Fantastic service.Anyways, I graduated High School and moved to Tucson for UofA.  Being a starved college student paying his own way through school, I couldn't afford comics.  I graduated UofA and moved back to Phoenix.  I went to the shop right across the street from my house, the one I used to shop at prior to Samurai.  They still had no idea who I was after I talked to them for 10 minutes, trying to jog their memory.  So I left and drove to Camelback.  I walked into Samurai to restart my sub and Moryha was behind the counter.  She looked at me for a moment, and said "Chris, right?"Seriously, 4 years later and the staff remembered me.  And the vast majority of my subscription books.  I feel obligated to tell you that I had grown a full beard by then and (unfortunately put on some weight) :(  And still she recognized me.And that's what makes Samurai Comics the best comic shop in Phoenix.  They may not have the back issue selection of some stores, but they have customer service that no other store in the valley can even come close to matching.  Want to be greeted by your name when you walk in?  Want to swap nerd stories and discuss the latest comics?  This is the place!Add to that the fact they they will go out of their way to find books and items that you desire, along with one of the best selection of gaming stuff in town?  Pop culture nirvana man!I got extremely lucky coming back to Phoenix when I did.  Moryha and MIke were looking for an extra person to staff the store during the week.  They knew I was a comic book nerd and asked if I wanted a job.  But regardless of whether I was employed with them or not, I'm a Samurai Comic customer for life.  The main location moved to a massive superstore located on 11th Street and Camelback, but it is still ran by the same people and still has that close-knit feel.  Come on in and see what I'm talking about!
5	Love this place, even the new building.  All emplyees and owners are friendly, sarcastic, and helpful.  Perfect place for me to buy comics and hang around as a dork in general :)
5	I make it a point to come and visit & shop while I am on business in the Phoenix area. I come out from the Los Angeles area & far this is the best shop in Phoenix. Great place to look for anything..
5	Headed in today to check out their new efforts on bulking up the anime and manga collection.Staff was awesome and helpful. They are still rebuilding their anime goods and manga collection now that they have 50,000 square feet of space to fill. Manga seems to be hand-vetted and carefully selected, in addition to varied. Full Death Note series, Bleach, Naruto, and Scott Pilgrim box set shared the shelf in harmony. Have never read a comic book in my life, but have purchased several things from here: 1. Giant Stuffed T-Rex (Squishables, 39.99 each)2. Japanese Candy3. Japanese knick knacks and assorted kawaii-ware. Comics are obviously their bread and butter, but stop in and check out their cool selection of non-comic related purses, stuffed animals, pens, pencils, candy, t-shirts, and used video games. You definitely don't have to be into comics to enjoy the place!
5	I am a geek. It is true, and depending on the time, I wear it loud and proud or I just pretend to be a Norm. I really look and act like a Norm, I promise. I even bathe and brush my hair daily!Samurai is an awesome store. I can't say enough good things about the place. It's super user friendly, for one. They have a bunch of regulars that work there who run the place and know their stuff. I have a subscription box, and I love it. You can basically ask them to pull certain comics every time they come out on Wednesday, and come by when you've got enough to purchase and get them all out! And everytime something you subscribe gets put in the box, they email you letting you know it's there. No fighting to make sure you're able to get it, no coming in a month later like I usually do to find out that Jason Pearson's return to Body Bags sold out AGES ago and you can't get any... it's just there. It's dangerous for my pocket book, but in the best sort of way. I have a lot of history with this place. I went by this store every time I was passing by about 2 years ago. I really stopped going because money was tight, and truthfully, every time I walked in there I was spending more than $50!! Good for them, not so good for me. I wanted to start reading Death Note. They didn't have them, so they ordered it for me. They did the same for multiple TPBs that they didn't have on hand. They will check the other stores to see if they have back issues of an arc you missed, if you're a dork like I am and constantly forget to check when something is coming out. Or if you get on the bandwagon late and want to read something 3 issues in. :P They were awesome then. They're still awesome now.Recently I made it a point to wander back in after I had seen things pop up about free comic book day. I wanted to get Becky Cloonan's Conan the Barbarian. I was out of luck, but they put it in my subscription box. And when I stopped by to get it, I see a sweet little note on there saying Welcome Back from Chris! Now that tickles me to the cockles of my wee lil' heart. That is SO awesome.I love Samurai. I don't live anywhere near you guys, but as long as I'm into comics and live in Phoenix, I'll be coming to you guys. I promise.
4	Has a wide selection of current and old comics, though most of the old selection is very old, rather than recent months past.Staff is very friendly!
4	Samurai Comics is a good shop.  You'll find all of the latest titles and they have a decent back issue collection as well.  The graphic novel and trade selection is impressive and they support local work too.  My visit on Saturday yielded a local book called La Mano del Destino by Jason Gonzalez that I had never heard of before.  I've only been here 2 years and seldom purchase comics anymore so I cannot attest to how Samurai Comics stacks up against other stores (I'd say they're on par with Ash Comics in Tempe) but the place impresses me and is probably one of the better shops I've been to and they rival Graham Crackers from Chicagoland.  If you've just moved from the Chicago area and miss Graham Crackers, then I'd suggest a visit to Samurai Comics.Samurai Comics will be my "go to" place when I get the craving for comics.
3	This is clearly a Marvel comic shop. Very little DC titles and very almost no back issues of any publisher. Staff was pretty rude. Check out Ash Avenue Comics in Tempe for a much better experience.
5	So I am a single mom and I don't know the first thing about comics right?.... Riiiiiight, Reese. Hahaha I know that there are some comics that I don't want my 7 year old reading. We will leave the extent of my nerdiness out of the review. I kindly asked for some direction as far as kid friendly comics and something new that perhaps my son could catch from early on. The staff is beyond helpful! They hooked my kid up with some comic book about ninjago. My son LOVES Legos. Totally appropriate. Later at the register when my son voiced an interest in Yu-Gi-Oh card game they politely redirected him to the more kid friendly, Pokemon! I love these people! They informed us of a league that happens every Wednesday there at the shop. Now Pokemon has taken over our lives and my checkbook! But it is great to have some extracurriculars that we can do together and the kids that go to play on Wednesdays are so nice and helpful to beginners like my son and I. Really can't say enough good things about this shop.
3	Nice place! Didn't have what I wanted but would go back!
4	I still miss Atomic Comics, but Samurai is growing into a nice store.  They offer lots of cool events for the full on fans but, like Atomic, also provide a good experience for those that are simply shopping for the family geek (I use that as a term of endearment).  I like the layouts of both stores and the staff are friendly and helpful.  I particularly like the ACME Mini-Con (started by Ryan Cody, artist on Villains) and others where I got to meet a bunch of cool people including Jay Fotos ('68), Corey Walker (Invincible) and Scott Kollins (Flash, Avengers) and the various signings with local artists such as Tony Parker (R.I.P.'d) and Jim Hanna (Jack Rabbit).I am not much of a gamer, but I know they have Magic tournaments and others things for those who are.All in all, Samurai is starting to fill the void left in the East Valley by Atomic Comics.  More on the Central and West Valley in future reviews.
4	This little gem was another great find in Phoenix. Between this and All About Comics, I was pleased with the selections available.The pros:1.  Conveniently located on Camelback Road, however, it's at the end of large complex and could be easy to miss. Plenty of parking available in a lot behind the building.2.  A nice selection of comics, specifically current ones. I was also impressed by the staff recommendations rack to let you know what the employees are reading and if they like it. As for the staff, very friendly and they discuss issue you buy, etc. Imagine that, great customer service. On major impression was one of the employees went out of her way to look for a comic that was out of print there (Batman Incorporated #8, a major seller). She called a number of other places, even competitors. Shows that there's good camaraderie with other stores. They had a good number of variants and a few collectible figures. Their focus is definitely on comics and games. I definitely dig the idea of comic packs to help a new collector catch up on a series. I was tickled by the DC casualties section as well. 3.  A major plus! They sponsor games at this spot, mainly the card based variety. This was very cool and fosters the culture associated with comics. I was really impressed with how friendly everyone was as well, whether you're a pro or a newcomer.The cons:1.  This is a relatively small place, so don't expect a monster selection. Not much in terms of figurines, but I did see some items that peaked my interest. However, they had a fantastic selection of comics from other publishers. By that I mean other than DC, Marvel, Dark Horse, IDW, etc and as mentioned before will go the extra mile to help their customers.2.  As stated before, it can be easy to miss if you're not paying attention. No parking in the front at all. You have to park behind the building. Not really a con, just a pointer for people.Overall, Samurai become a regular stop for me each week when I was going to the local YMCA to exercise. I highly recommend supporting this place. I wish I had asked about the tools that were banned from the place. Their pictures are posted by the register.
4	3.5 really. my view is they always have the comics i want and they aren't shady at all - they aren't like those stores that hold on to extra copies then jack up the prices and sell them a week later. they put everything on the shelves and they really love their comics.the staff is always super friendly, not pretentious at all. the only thing i don't like about the place is their loyalty program. you get a stamp card that gets 1 stamp for every $10 you spend (so if you spend $18 in one purchase, that's 1 stamp. $20 =  2 stamps). After you get 10 stamps, you get $5 off your purchase. so the most you're getting is a 5% discount every few weeks, but more likely you're getting a much smaller %. Many other comic shops do programs where you get a certain % off every week depending on how many subscriptions you have set up. other than that though, they're nice people with a great selection and they're always welcoming.
5	Great selection of comics and card collectables!! Great service! Cool place for FNM.
3	This is a bigger comic book store than the other samurai stores around the Phoenix area. They have a section of new issues and issues that haven't sold out from the last couple if months. There are very few back issues. There are also lots of tables for gaming tournaments, card games I think.  Pretty basic store.
4	A very nice shop! I first located this shop through Yelp on our second tour of Phoenix two years ago. This time, my son & I needed a place to play FNM & the M14 prerelease on 7/13. This shop has a large gaming area & is ideal for these types of events. The players overall were easygoing and easy to talk to as were the store staff. Overall, an enjoyable experience. We both finished in the top 8....with my 12 y/o son going 5-1....the only negative was the language displayed by some of the players...my son's last opponent lost his cool in a tirade of expletives when he lost....not cool, dude....unfortunately, this happens sometimes when competetive people take a beatdown from a 12 year old....its not cool to gloat, but I'm hella proud of him when he puts this game together like this! Ahem....back to the shop... If I was a Phoenix local, this would be my home store, no doubt.... The comics selection was impressive.....something for every taste, nicely displayed. There are also many more back issues available all over the store...an A+ for the silver and bronze age offerings..my kinda stuff!
5	One of my favorite parts about Samurai is that it isn't just a comics shop, but a place that generally celebrates geek culture. D&D? Sure. Magic the Gathering? Absolutely. Tournaments/signings that just feel like super fun parties? Let's do this.And they really do have a massive selection of comics. Comics you may have never known existed--tights and capes to introspective indie comics. Plus they seem to hire people who just like helping people find new things to get excited about, which is great if you aren't really sure where to start but you know you want to dig in.So anyway, I love the place and think it's worth checking out. 5 stars.
2	They have a good selection, we just felt really unwelcome.  They post pictures on their walls of people who (I assume) stole/tried to steal from them.  While I understand their preventative measures, this is really off-putting.  The staff is suspicious of anyone walking into their store and isn't very polite; it felt like we were a hassle for asking them anything.  I would rather go someplace where it's okay for me to just look around and give them my money...which is pretty much any other comic book store.To give you an example, most places keep their pokemon booster packs readily available, but here they are behind the counter.  I had to ask to select the ones I wanted--the first time they just handed me the first pack.  Not cool.  We bought what we wanted with the deal and then left.
5	my favorite comic store in phoenix!the daytime staff (aka the 'comics' staff as opposed to the weekend/ 'magic' staff who i dont really deal with) are the best in town and i love picking up my weekly books and saying hello. as opposed to the store i left, i never have problems with my stuff not getting ordered, they are awesome. always have a great selection of discounted old books/ 99 cent bundles so i can try something random for cheap too.
5	It's a nice place.  Easy to find. There's a sign out front that says parking is in the back, but I wasn't so sure about where 'the back' was.  So I circled around and got spot in the lot just up the street.  The shop is bigger than it looks on the outside.  Big selection- neat and organized.  I came for a specific item which was easy to locate.  The guy who worked the register was great.  He saw that I was wearing a superman t-shirt and suggested that I pick up the new DC series.  I've lived in Phoenix for a little less than 6 months, and I usually get my comics from Ash in Tempe since it's closer to my work.  But I'll definitely be coming back here.
4	I am very amateur in the comic world, this is my Hubby's thing, but I end up in here and many other comic shops often with him.  I like this store, it doesn't smell bad like most others, it has cool movies, it could use some more seats.  I noticed the guys who work here aren't as nice as other shops.  I like their funko selection cuz one of the kids is really into that right now.
3	Good current selection, but lacking in back issues. Whatever back issues they have are priced on the heavy side...
5	I am officially a lifelong, devoted fan of Samurai Comics. A few months ago I had a complaint about how a Samurai Comics Facebook post had accidentally miscommunicated the availability of a new collection which caused me to basically waste an hour and a half of my day. It was very frustrating. But to his credit, Mike stepped up big time after hearing of my experience. He reached to to me personally, acknowledged my complaint was valid, and then went WAY out of his way to make it up to me. I could not have been happier with how professional he was and what a great deal he gave me to make up for the time and inconvenience. I am very satisfied and feel I was treated like a valued fellow lover of comics, not just a customer. There's a good reason they have such a big, thriving business at Samurai Comics.
3	I've been back a few times since my first review and the customer service varies based on who's working.  The last 2 times I've visited, there was a different guy working the counter who looked up, saw I had come into the shop and then quickly put his head down.  No hello.  No thanks for the purchase.
5	In today's day and age, what separates a brick and mortar business from others, and what makes a store competitive with the convenience of online shopping, is its customer service. Quality people and a welcoming atmosphere at a store will always bring me back.Samurai (@ Camelback) gets it right. Great selection and atmosphere, great people. I never fail to enjoy myself when I go to the store. Can't recommend them more.
3	Pretty decent comic store.Toys, comics, manga, game cards, posters, etc. There's an extra room inside too for people that want to hang out to read or play games.They hold events here sometimes since the place is big enough.
1	I have had very poor experiences dealing with this business.  Period.
1	I have been here one time and one time only. I will never go back. I took my two kids here since my son is into pokemon and my daughter loves my little ponies. Plus it's very close where we live. I tried to get one of the three people working to help us but they seemed more interested in avoiding helping us. My questions were answered with one word or a finger point. My daughter was able to find a couple of comics but we never did find the cards my son was pointed to. When we checked out the person behind the counter said is this it and rolled their eyes. Not the kind of experience i expected of a place geared to all ages. I was disappointed to say the least.
4	Recommended to us by a friend, we came by to check out what they had to offer. There is a good collection of comics, anime items, collectibles and the like for any variety of fanatic or general enthusiast. The staff was friendly and greeted us when we came in. Things were well organized and easy to shop.Overall: AIf you are into comics or collectibles, this is a great spot to check out.
4	Customer service is for far the best you could find in Sanders, AZ-Tempe-Mesa area, it is unbeatable in this point. Community is great and if you can't find something, they'll get it!
4	Is it cute little shops. Customer service was fantastic and the conversations with the staff we're engaging. They had a number of comic from the main distributors as well as off the beaten path publishers. The shop itself is clean and well organized so you can find your comic based on publisher or new release from that week. The only downside to the shop is that they do not carry back issues.
5	Clean. Very clean, and it needs to be if ya wanna get down on the floor and checkout their selection of comics on the lower shelf (would have been nice to have a small bench or something, but thus ol' guy managed, Ha!)Found a great selection of female villain and super hero characters hiding in and around the shelves of comicbook land for a Christmas gift for a young female aspiring movie director in the family, and after asking the hostess, she pointed me to her favorites, nice touch!Looked like an average collection of other collectables, but this place is a power punch comic book store, hence the name, right?Bought the $12 deal, for $7 through Yelpland and it worked out great. My hostess wasn't familiar, so she gave me three of the store's $5 discounts...Are you serious?!! Do the math, and you'll see this worked out to be an added bonus!This made up for "no bench for old guys", so BOOM, Five Stars for you, Samurai Comics!
