5	Lauren is patient and knowledgable. She is a fantastic agent and helped me find the perfect home in a great location. Even with my small budget she found me a great place.
5	As a established and busy Home/Commercial Inspector, I have been blessed to stay booked with new and repeat clients and meeting many Realtors. Recently I had a repeat client request an inspection on a occupied home, giving me the Realtors name and contact info. Making contact with the clients Realtor I never had a return or courtesy call. The only reason the inspection was performed in a timely manner was due to the listing agent going far beyond the norm. That agent is Lauren Paris although I did not meet her face to face her persistence's was what made the inspection possible. I salute her professionalism, dedication and work ethic. She is a minority in that respect she represented her client to the fullest and actually did more for all interested then the buyers agents. She is a credit to her profession and no doubt an asset to her Broker. I would recommend Lauren Paris to all buyers and sellers from the few times I spoke to her and the professional manner in which she preforms.W.G. THOMAS, Master Inspector #0000429-MASF.Y.I. INSPECTIONS INC.702/210.0067
5	I have worked with many realtors in the past and Lauren is by far one of the best.  She is extremely knowledgeable and highly customer service oriented.  Lauren promptly returned all phone calls, emails and texts.   She responded to questions in a very timely fashion, provided advice when needed and communicated clearly and concisely.   Lauren is professional, and made the process very easy.  I will definitely be working with her in the future.
5	I can not say enough about Lauren!  We relocated here from California and didn't know the area at all.  Lauren must of taken us to see 40 homes, with no pressure what so ever to pick one or the other.  She was always available by phone and had answers to all my questions. She knows her stuff in and out!  The most incredible thing was what happened close to closing.  We packed up all our stuff in the U Haul, including the dog, for a set closing date from the Bank.  Literally, the day before closing, our loan lady at the bank, who was not very good, had made some mistakes in the loan and it was delayed.  Frustrated, as you could imagine, we checked into the Rio Hotel and had to start all over again with financing because quite honestly, our faith in the bank was no longer there.  Lauren found us a local mortgage guy who closed the loan in 2 weeks.  Unheard of, I know!  She saved us from living in a hotel for 30-60 days.  I can't sing her praises enough.  Love you Lauren!
1	I have been dealing with Lauren Paris trying to find a rental property in Las Vegas I am out of state looking for a place to move in. Needless to say that is frustrating in itself The attitude and tone I get from her is very degrading and she acts like she is to busy to even remember who you are.. If you are renting a home in which her commission  is going to be good she might be a lot nicer and more helpful otherwise don't look to her to help you out she is very rude, lazy and portrays and attitude of (as my mother used to say) her ____ don't stink............I never give anyone bad reviews unless Its deserved, there is no reason to be rude!
1	I would not recommend working with her. She is unwilling to actually do any work and will make you drive to go meet up with her at her convenience. I would give her zero stars if I could. Do not believe what she says.
