3	I'm not crazy about Zipp's. Admittedly, their happy hour is good but it's almost like a couple hours of fair prices to make up for the other 18 hours a day of unfair prices. Not unfair in the outrageous sense, just slightly inflated when you're dealing with food that average at best. It's a fun place to go in a huge group and pass around pitchers but not necessarily the best around. I would be more inclined to patronize Dos Gringos or a true dive to delve into those sorts of hijinks. Zipp's not-so-comfortably straddles the line between pure sports bar and Scottsdale scene, since so many pre-partiers stop by in their clubbin threads on the way to Axis or Pussycat Lounge or wherever. I have a theory that in the right group, any place can be a five star find, and I still believe it. Keep that in mind when you head towards Zipp's.
5	Oh I'm totally crazy about Zipps.  Its a great place to watch the game, grab some grub for happy hour, or day drink outside on Sundays.  For happy hour, they have different deals every day, inclduing both drink and food items.  A personal favorite is the monaco foccacia--a chicken, cheese and ranch foccacia wrap with a mild jalapeno sauce on the side.  With fries and/or onion rings, this is the perfect hangover meal.  We used to frequent Zipps on Sundays when you can get a bucket of beer for $10 (5 Bud Lights, what a steal), sit outside, watch football and play cards.  Fine, we're nerds, but I'm telling you, its the perfect ending to a weekend of debauchery.  Theres a ton of TVs (although not as big as some other bars) and service is good.  On game day, arrive early to be able to seat your whole party--or for those who want a more hands-on sports experience, try out the 2 shuffle board and pool tables.  Morning, afternoon or night, Zipps is a great place.
3	All three stars in my rating are for the service... our waitress (Megan) was excellent today at lunch.  She was speedy, attentive, and sincere.  We had a large group for lunch and it was fine... just fine.  Needless to say, I didn't love the chopped chicken bbq ranch salad that I ordered.  I guess next time I should go with a burger and fries or onion rings.  The chips and salsa were decent.  I would go to Zipp's only if your intention is to watch a game and not for the food!
4	"Anyone going to Zipp's intending a culinary masterpiece deserves what they get, and thats likely a sad little Scottsdale frown.One should go to Zipp's because of their kickass patio, complete with a fire pit and TVs at every imaginable angle in which to view games -- even if you are the last in your party to arrive and get stuck with the worst seat at your table.  The managers are always willing to switch it to the game you're interested in as well and don't give you the same kind of haughty shit that other sports bar managers do when you ask them to alter their precious programming schedule.The food is good, for bar food of course, although i don't venture out very far past their Hot Wings.  They have really good beer on tap too -- nothing else quite like a 32oz. Alaskan Amber and some college basketball.I would have to say that, as an avid sports fan who really tries to avoid watching important sporting events outside of my comfort zone (re: living room), Zipp's is the only place I will let host my antics."
3	Always a great place for lunch.  Had Chili and wings today.  You can't go wrong with the burger, fries and rings either.
4	First off, I am not much of a sports fan -- and I rarely frequent sports-bar themed restaurants. I was presently surprised by Zipp's upon my first, of what has become, many visits...The atmosphere is very clean and open (as sports bars go), the staff are friendly, they have a smoking-friendly-patio, and the bar is good sized.The food is a notch or two above pub-grub. Tons of choices from salads and veggie trays, to mouthwatering burgers, chicken strips and  Pizza. Lots of beers to choose from, and LCD TV's everywhere.Zipp's is a winner in my book.
3	Seat yourself restaurants, especially sports bars during large sporting events like March Madness, make me uncomfortable. I hate hawking tables waiting for people to leave so I can jump in the booth while they are bussing the table. After 8+ hours of watching March Madness at home on Saturday, my husband and I decided to venture up to Zipps in Scottsdale to catch the second half of the last games of the day. Luckily despite the crowd and having to seat yourself, we got a table within five minutes or so of arriving. Our waitress was very nice and even when she got my order wrong, she fixed it quickly and apologized for it.  We had the chicken nachos which I didn't care for too much because they use shredded chicken and I prefer the pieces of chicken meat. My husband had a slice of pepperoni pizza (described as just OK by him) and I had the chicken caesar foccacia with half onion rings (for my husband) and half french fries.  If the menu hadn't said my sandwich was supposed to be on foccacia, I would have never guessed. It came out as a wrap cut in five pieces and it was almost impossible to eat as everything kept falling out.  The onion rings and fries were forgettable...supposedly the fries are fresh cut, but I didn't get that sense.  Thankfully prices are incredibly moderate and for our food and 2 32 oz domestic drafts ($4 after 8 on Saturdays), our bill came to $29 without tip.It looks like Zipps has a pretty decent happy hour and also runs nightly specials after 8 pm.  There are TVs throughtout the inside and on the patio, so it is a good place to catch sports...they had two different college games on that we could see plus the Suns game. I will go back to drink some beer, watch sports, and play shuffleboard (or shufflepuck as it is called in Ohio), but not for the food.
4	Ok so here's my deal with Zipps on Camelback. Been there 1000 times. They have a great great veggie burger. Like, super tasty. Can't emphasize enough. But the last time I was there I had a really bad experience. My well-vodka soda tasted like it was poured in a poisoned glass. It was beyond gross. Undrinkable. I tried. My buddy had a well vodka cran. Same exact thing. Something was off. So after trying to choke it down I complained. I said, it's not a big deal. DON'T WANT TO MAKE A BIG DEAL OUT OF IT, but... it's gross. There is something wrong with something. So the fucking manager comes out and tells me that well vodka doesn't taste good. Thanks, Asshole. I drink well vodka ALL THE TIME and it doesn't taste like a chemical cocktail. So then he tells me that it comes out of his pay. Dude, are you serious right now? I just wanted a new fucking drink. Didn't want to enter psycho therapy with you. I'll pay for the drink. So now I don't want to go there anymore even though the food is really really good. Amazing. I'll probably go back but I hope the owner realizes his manager is Scottsdale's biggest tool.
4	***updated 9/2/11*** 3 years later im updating this review.-GOLDEN WINGS (medium). still best in town. prices have gone up a bit to $6, available happy hour and mon, thru, sat, sun after 8pm. the new chicken skewers are a change of pace for the same deal.-specialty burgers. still rock. sweet japaleno may have taken over the top spot.-fries. they have grown on me since then. still not award winning by any means but i like them a lot. i usually get the half and half cause the onion rings are also done very well, usually.-focaccias. monaco is still tops. but you can just order a side of sweet jalapeno dressing with others and it turns out near similar.-most of the other food turns out to be pretty good. but i stick to the staples above. ranch chop salad is very good, but also far from a 'healthy' salad.-beer. big mugs went up a quarter during hh. still, the best deal around might be the $8 premium pitches sat and sun, open til 4p.id put this up a half star if it would let me.-----------------------------------------------8/1/08ive been frequenting this place  for nearly 3 years now, its our go-to destination for happy hour or anytime really.. so here is my rundown..-GOLDEN WINGS (medium). best in town. (happy hour,  mon & thur after 8pm = $5). the extreme difference between medium and hot is not worth it. good but way too hot..-specialty burgers. most are fantastic.  ask for any sauce "on the side"! youll get more. (black n bleu is my fave).-fries. fresh cut. not a fan, but will still enjoy them if the option is there.-lately, the monaco foccacia or however you spell it. the jalapeno dip is awesome.-all other food is mediocre at best. salad's salad.-beer = 3.50 for big mug (domestic) is a good deal at happy hour. THIS (and the wings) IS WHAT MAKES US COME BACK.-tv's can be changed to what you want if youre there on an off-night.-service is typically good.-managers can be douchebags (is that new?).-parking does kinda suck on crowded nights, but dont be so damn lazy.i do agree with some of what 'Jason C.' says, but will rate this place higher. hes bitchin bout little things. if youre there at the right time (happy hour or after 8pm) and stick to the right food(s), you should have a good time! [this applies to the Via de Ventura ZIPPS also]GOLDEN medium WINGS!!!!!!
3	This can't be too common of a complaint, but if you're hanging out w/ foreigners, be aware they refuse to take passports as valid IDs (but also don't take foreign driver's licenses...so I guess they only serve Americans?)Other than that, nice, cool chill place.
3	Zipps is OK. Nothing really to write home about. I went there to watch the Bears game with friends who were in town from Chicago.  The food was all right -- I had the buffalo chicken fingers and fries.  Standard bar food. What I did like was that the atmosphere was really chill and relaxed and our server was great. She checked on us constantly and was super friendly. I'd probably go back...
2	Worst tortilla soup I have ever it tasted it was like a hot bowl of salsa plain and simple. If I would have been given chips I may have eaten it. The server was really cute and attentive but she had no clue what to suggest for a non meat eater I was struggling to find anything appealling here. She finally suggested a salad. It was good it had candied walnuts and dried cranberries w goat cheese on it but by the time I got it everyone had eaten and I stole a bunch of their fries so I couldnt eat the whole colassal salad. I just read Dallas' review I wish the girl would have suggested their veg burger sad. I might go back if I had to. I used to live at Zipps years ago but mainly for the football and booze not the food meh.
3	I stopped in at Zipps after going to the dissapointing Wharehouse sale in Scottsdale this weekend. My experience here really rounded out the morning.There was no place to sit except one tiny table in front of a big screen TV. I bellied up and tried to order fast. There was a crowd of jocks that thought screaming at oddly placed TV's would help their teams to win. I kept trying not to look their way, but I was sitting right in front of the TV so that was a bit difficult. The waitresses that couldn't hear me order so it took about 4 attempts. Once she did hear me she must have forgot I odered in the first place because 2 glasses of tea later I had to hunt her down to order again. Maybe she got brain damage from being around screaming goons all day.. Who knows. The atmosphere was bad, the service was bead... But still 3 stars because they have the BEST wings I've tastes in a long, long time. Next time though, I'll order them to go.
2	I can't even begin to say how many poor customer service experiences I have had here.We used to do lunches a few times a week at my old job and Zipps seemed to be one of the regular spots, although I always made a fuss. Rather than being stuck in the office and miss out on the lunch gossip, I always opted to go, and EVERY time, it was the same old story...this place is never too busy during lunch, but service is slower than the second coming. It would take 1.5 - 2 hours for the small group of us to make it through lunch. Not to mention that after consuming my first beverage, the glass would remain empty, my number one dining pet peeve. I do have to say that I can't completely hate on Zipps because their food really is good. They have awesome nachos and sandwhiches. I have never been disappointed with the quality of my food. And when I was having a calorie splurge day, Zipp's pizookie was the perfect way to do it! Zipps gets a 2 star rating from me, but if they get their service act together, we can negotiate a better score...
3	I set foot into the fire, and felt the burn on my tongue.  I like wings, I always have.  The spicier the better, and finding wings that have that right amount of burn and flavor is hard to find.  Some places like to make their wings so hot that they sacrifice flavor for the prestige of being the hottest wings in the neighborhood, while some places have wings with all the right flavor, but you feel like a complete wimp for the lack of pain that you just consumed.  Zipps on Camelback is one of the those burn before flavor places, but only barely.I heard about their "hot" wings, and scoffed at the idea of a trendy sports bar being able to cook my tongue with their sauce properly.  The waitress, a cute little number, came to us and took our order and I, being cocky and maybe somewhat stupid, told her to get my wings from the bottom of the barrel.  I didn't think they would exact some sick form of revenge on me for my boisterous dare.  I was wrong.The wings came out in a good time, considering it was the early part of St Patrick's Day and they were a little busy.  As soon as they hit the table, my nose was filled with spicy aroma of habanero and vinegar, a good wing combination.  My grandfather, who smartly ordered tacos, looked at me like a priest reading rites to a death row inmate, smiled and wished me luck.  The first wing wasn't too bad.  I felt a little ting and smiled as I sucked it down.  Then I felt a little fire on the lips.  It was only slightly painful, but very managable.  I took the second wing in earnest, and bit down with the same defiant determination as the first.  More burn, but not too bad.  Around wings five, six and seven, I my head started to bead up.  Wings nine and ten, I was in full water sucking mode.I didn't finish the wings...sadly a first for me.  I did take them home, thinking that they would be a great second day food.  Overall, I really liked the atmosphere.  I sat outside, so my addiction to cigarettes would be fulfilled, and my love of baseball was satisfied by the multiple big screens that surrounded the wooden tables and benches.  Service was top notch, and thank God the cups were huge (and filled with water).I would recommend Zipps on Camelback because it is a good atmosphere and there is plenty of scenery in the female variety to look at.  The wings were good, not great.  Hot, but a little flavor was lost in the heat of it all.  My grandfather, a huge fan of tacos, raved about them, so I would trust them enough to go back and give them a whirl.
3	When you make the assertion that a place has "The best F'ing veggie burgers on the PLANET" and throw your arms up in the air in exclamation, you better know why you are talking about. Being that I have been a vegetarian for over 14 years now, I have had a LOT of veggie burgers and I hate to burst your bubble, Dally G, this is NOT the best F'ing veggie burger on the planet. It was tasty, I will give you that, but only because it was smothered with sweet jalapeno sauce, pepper-jack cheese and fresh jalapenos. I am not a fan of those garden patty's. Nor my soggy fries. Both times I have been here it was pretty packed. The first time, on a Sunday, the service was horrible and the waitress was quite the snob. Fortunately last nights visit was quite a bit better, but I think that is because our waitress wanted to give me the business. So... they have some good specials, I will give them that. The food is okay. The service leaves a little something to be desired. I couldn't figure out which bathroom I was supposed to use and the parking is pretty bad. but, they do have a cool patio with fire pits.  Because I am nice and the coffee is good this morning I am rounding up my 2.5 stars to a 3.
4	Zipp's Sports Grill is exactly what it appears to be...there isn't any nuance and if you are expecting any, you are likely in the wrong place!If you want a pretty good burger, pretty good wings, pretty good salads, pretty good sides (fries, rings, etc.) Zipp's will do nicely. No, I won't tell you that they have the best anything, but they do a decent job across a pretty broad range of sports bar food...nothing that they make is crappy.Once again, this was a place that I quit patronizing for awhile, until the cigarette smoke and the after-effect smell got wrung out of the building.But, I'm glad to be back.I played Squash for a couple of hours on Saturday morning and I was pretty hungry at lunch, and Zipp's was close by, so...We hadn't been in for several months (so many restaurants, so little time), and was nice to come back.The service was terrific, prompt and friendly. It may depend on who you get as a server, or the time of day (we were there for lunch) but we've always been lucky and well taken care of at Zipp's.I had a Zipp Burger and the Beautiful Carin had a big ol' chopped salad. Both were good and tasty, well prepared (even down to getting Carin's order right...no cheese, 2 different dressings on the side, etc., etc., etc.).After de-toxing with couple of hours of hard exercise, re-toxing at Zipp's was a good way to get my cholesterol levels back up!
4	This place is our safe place.  So far they haven't gotten our order wrong, everyone has been incredibly nice and there is always a game on.  The wings are pretty good.  I prefer the golden wings over the hot wings but you can still spice those puppies up.  The best thing about happy hour is the zipperita.  For 3 bucks for a frozen 2 1/2 shots of tequila goodness.  One thing I do not understand about this place is they will not serve you a shot unless you have half a beer left.  They think it controls alcohol intake but what it really does is force me to drink faster.Big fan!  Please check this place out.
2	Went to Zipps the other afternoon for some lunch, have eaten at this place before, and could not remember why it had been so long since I had eaten there again...Oh yea, this is where most of the white trash southern redneck big truck driving cheap ass hillbillies hang out at plus the food always gives me a stomach ache because it is covered in grease.Got the mushroom Swiss burger with fries...that were literally shimmering from the grease on them, and got the brownie skillet...for desert and could not believe this was 7 bucks was a total rip off of Organo's Baked Cookie. Our bill was over $33 bucks with only two Zipparita's a little high for bar food.This place got 2 stars for these reasons alone.1. It's Cheap2. The service was excellent it had a ton of waitress so there was never a wait.3. $3.00 happy hour Zipparitas  were good and were very strong.Also this place is not an atmosphere for kids...so white trash muffin toppers please leave your 4 year old at home, instead of letting him mingle between tables while you slurp up giant mugs of beer with your tattooed roller derby girlfriend and her toothless hillbilly inbred that can only grow facial hair on certain parts of his face boyfriend.
3	As previously stated, this is a Sports bar, and it does that well.  TVs outside, pretty good food and every time I have been in there, excellent service.  There are bars and pubs in the are I prefer, as I don't need my sports bars to be fancied up.  They do have New Belguim's Sunshine Wheat on draft, a nice change, and they run good specials.
1	I really don't  like this place.  The food is not good.  I go there sometime to catch a baseball gave but if your not a fan of the local team sometimes they turn it off before the games over.  And never go there on a football day.  But probably the most annoying aspect of this place is how consistent the service is bad.  I had a new server a few weeks ago who was great but shes gone now.  So good luck if you want good service.  And pretty much every time I go with someone else they mess up their food.  Which isnt to say its the servers fault.  The only reason I can think that they dont mess up my food is I usually dont give special instructions. So I think you get the idea about this place.
4	Badass burgers.THE BEST ONION RINGS.Nice patio (I think they even made a smoking section).A million TV's if that's your thing. They have beers besides all american most people think they like.
3	I have to preface this comment with the fact that I am now gluten-free and it is a struggle for me at times... But if I go without the bun and I skip the breaded fries, I really enjoy Zips. THE GOOD: I want to give Zips a top rating because their food is awesome! The burgers there may be the best that I have ever had. I can't choose between the BBQ or the Southwest... And their fries are reminiscent of the memories I had for McDonald's as a kid... Zips has the best food any bar can hope for... Please - pay your cooks more money!THE BAD: Zips will nickel and dime you for stupid things like mayo and ranch... It just seems silly that they will charge $.75 or a dollar if you ask for a side item... and they don't tell you until you get the bill... How Rude! THE UGLY: Their wait staff always seems to be unhappy. They often seem over-worked and unable to give better service. Their attitude has changed my experience on more  than one occasion... and that is too bad because their food is really good.
3	Food is ok and the beer selection is pretty typical for a sports bar. The chicken "focaccia" sandwiches are ok. They aren't made with the traditional Italian focaccia bread but rather more like a middle eastern flatbread or wrap.  Happy hour selections are pretty weak for food but the drinks aren't bad with $3 for 32oz on draft.Inside bar and decor of this location is pretty depressing but the patio is large and can seat plenty.  Service   is  ok and haven't experienced any issues.    If you are looking for a place to watch  a big game this place will do.
4	Super Bowl Sunday. I'm in a strange town and I want to watch the game. My indecision about where to go was quickly decided for me by my concierge who pointed me toward Zipps. I got there with plenty of time to spare and was greeted at the door by the nicest guy who was very accommodating to make sure I had a seat. He offered me outdoors (too bright to see the TV's) , inside (the stool was higher than the table- not good for long periods of sitting) or at the bar (Perfect). After getting though my Goldilocks phase, I settled in at the bar and got some great service from Shauna, the bartender who never lost her smile no matter how many directions she was being pulled in. In fact- she is the reason for the 4th star as she made me right at home at her bar from the first beer ordered. And there was none of that "catering to the men" thing that makes me nuts when the bartender is a cute female. She was on her game for all! Plenty of TV's in this place.  Three alone over the bar, more outside and even more scattered through out the bar.  There is also a pool table and other bar games.The food was just okay. I had a burger which came with a novel idea of half and half fries and onion rings. The food came up fast and hit the spot but it wasn't anything special. The fries were soggy and the onion rings were over done but the burger was pretty good with the meat seasoned perfectly. The menu is quite diverse, though, ranging from burgers to pizza to salads. Nice clientele too. I had read some Yelp reviews about what kind of person frequents this place but I have to say- there was a good mix of tourists and locals and if the two guys sitting by me were any indication of people who normally frequent this place- I'd go back if I lived in the area (but maybe it was a different crowd given it was Superbowl Sunday) as they were friendly and fun to hang with for the afternoon. Yay Zipps! You made my Super Bowl Sunday fun versus sitting at a hotel bar. And that's saying alot.
2	Visited Scottsdale this weekend and was directed, by a local, to try Zips as a good sportsbar that would be close to our hotel.Nursing a killer hangover from the night before, I ordered  a Coke to begin with.   The Coke tasted like they have moldy lines or something.   A couple other guys I was with ordered Mr. Pibb and each of their drinks had the same "musty" taste as well.I had the jalepeno burger and fries and they were both pretty good.  Nothing out of this world, but decent.The service was terrible.  Actual exchange between my friend and the waitress:friend: I'll have the Caesar salad.waitress: chicken caesar salad?friend: No, just a regular caesar salad.waitress: what kind of dressing do you want with that?friend: I'll have the ranch (ok he didn't actually say this part, but i wish he would have)it's a freakin' CAESAR SALAD! Without the caesar dressing it's just a salad.  Food was OK. Service was...curious.  Beverages were bad.
4	Ok so the service isn't always the best, but I love this place.   I sit outside every time I come here and they have refreshing misters in place so you wont melt:)  They serve Blue Moon and have a great happy hour. The food is yummy too.  I come here everytime I visit Scottsdale.
4	My husband & I have been going to one Zipp's or another around town for the last 7 years...we currently live near the Old Town location...always our 'go to' place to eat during the week when we don't feel like fixing dinner at home. It's your typical sports bar with a bit better food selection. You can't find a big 32oz beer for $4 ($3.50 @ happy hour) anywhere around town & their onion rings are outstanding, you can order 1/2 & 1/2 ...fries & onion rings with your burger or sandwich. We have never had an issue with the wait staff at any of the 3 different locations we have visited. The new boneless buffalo chicken skewers are fabulous & on special when regular wings are. Happy Hour M-F 3-7pm$5 Wings & other stuff Plus nightly specials 8pm-close &Weekend specials 11a-4pWe love Zipp's!!
4	Big beers make me happy.  Turkey Chili makes the wife happy.  Patio is cool, had TV's.  Fills up on big game days.  Dont remember what else...
1	Could I give this place NO STARS???My girlfriend and I head in and sit down with a group of friends already there. We smile and wave at the waitress to let her know more people joined and she purposely makes us wait at least 10 minutes.I am not a fan already... but yes, it gets worse, people. She brings our drinks out after another table sits down and orders theirs. Our friends are catching on and order a round. Get them before ours. Gosh, does she discriminate against blondes?? I am wondering. Our food comes out cold and I asked for extra ranch for the wings. Didn't get it.At this point I go up to the manager and ask if the gal is super busy tonight or if something is up in the kitchen. No, and no. I tell him what's going on and he tells me he'll come out in a moment.Oh... that moment was priceless. He actually said we were rude to her and should be lucky she even continued to serve us. He must be screwing her so I am OUT OF THERE! My tip to folks. Sit at the bar if you must go. There are plenty of other spots out there that will treat you wayyyyyyyy better, have better service, food and prices.
4	Great service all of the time.  Good food and great happy hour deals.  Good place to go anytime.  They have all sporting events on DirecTV and will change the TV at request.  Great place to go.
3	there's nothing bad to say about zipps.  always a good burger that isn't going to cost you $12-$15 - like at the yardhouse or other place in old town.  great fries.  lots of tv's.  great place to slide in, grab a burger and a beer or three, and slide right out.
4	I love Zipp's, always have and probably always will.  It's a relaxed sports bar with decent bar food.  My friends always get the hot wings so I take that as a sign of delicious-ness!  I myself am a huge fan of the focaccia, I think it's their best seller so check it out!The patio is excellent for beer drinking and hanging with friends.  The servers are pleasant and always some-what quick.  I highly suggest this place for a relaxed lunch or HH.
1	You must have at least 4 people in your group to have a table to yourself!  I used to have a lot of business meetings with clients at this place (at least twice a week) as it was right down the street from my office.  The food is not great and the service is unusually horrible but they have a big selection for my business clients to choose from as most have different tastes and it is more of a relaxing environment in which most like. One Sunday, 2 friends and I were having lunch at a table for four people.  They sat a stranger with us to have lunch....very awkward, but was okay as we were all drinking beers.  About two weeks later (on a Friday), I was entertaining potential clients discussing our company and answering other questions.  There were three of us sitting at a table for four people.  They had the "balls" to sit another guy at our table as they say they were now sitting groups together to fill all spots.  I told the manager that we were discussing business as he seemed to not care and still sit the guy with us.  Needless to say, I have never returned to a zipps and never will.
4	Zipps is my favorite place to watch a game, get a beer especially during football season.I recommend the medium golden wings and a 32oz domestic.They have the best happy hour and daily specials around.
4	Zipps is a local favorite and honestly has the best wings I have ever had. Between their 32 ounce beers, medium golden honey wings and happy hour specials this is the place to be for sports events. It does get packed quickly and the TV selection is a little iffy at the Camelback location but the food and atmosphere make up for it!
5	Yes, I'll say it.This is as good as it gets...  .... ..... for a sports bar.I am in love with their golden sauces.  Mmmmmmmmmmm.I also love their focaccia sandwiches, wings, and chicken fingers.So when I'm craving greasy, bad for me, bar food.  This is my first place of choice.Yum.
5	Have enjoyed going to Zipp's for years.  The wings are friggin' amazing, they have some pretty nice beers on tap, and the staff is super friendly and cool to talk to.  The outdoor patio is great for large parties, love going there with a group after work to decompress and/or watch a Suns or D-Backs game.5 Stars - All day long.
5	This place is really fun to go with a group of friends to watch a sports game. I like that you don't have to be 21 to get in (just to order drinks and play shuffleboard) so more people can hang out. 32 oz. beers are $4 during happy hour, $5 normally. Zipparitas are their margaritas that are really strong for being so small. Pizza by the slice! Great classic bar food, cheap prices, fun atmosphere and acceptable service for a sports bar. Indoor and outdoor patio/ seating.
5	Had a fantastic tasting and juicy bunless turkey burger!  The traditional red basket my burger came in, was overflowing with a wonderful fresh house salad, that was a standard option in lieu of fries. Appreciated having such healthy and tasty options!  My friends elected to sit inside, but that patio outside looked so inviting.  Next time!
5	Zipp's has some of the best bar food in the Valley. They have a really good burger menu, with some interesting options. All of their appetizers are good, and the focaccias are great. One word of warning if you order one, they're not the traditional sandwiches, but more like a wrap made out of focaccia. It sounds strange, and you'll give it an odd look the first time you see one, but trust me, it's good. There's a great outdoor patio assuming you're there on a night that isn't hot. They have plenty of TV's set up around the place, but you don't have a good view of all of them, so Zipps isn't really the kind of sports bar you'd want to go to see all the games. It's more of Monday Night Football spot, it's better to go if there's only one or two big games going on.
3	Went here yesterday with a couple buds for the first time, it isn't a great place, but the golden medium wings are awesome, really the only saving grace. The waitresses are... interesting, the beer selection is bland, basically just the big names, Coors and what not, and it was filled with elderly people eating alone... it was depressing. Maybe I went on the wrong day. I would come back for those wings, some of the best I've ever had, but otherwise, I'm not impressed.
5	Great wings - it's what they're famous for. At least it's what I think they're famous for :) Happy hour make the dozen only $5And they have a great outdoor bar, with several TV's, showing sports. If it's too hot, they'll turn on the mist system.
5	Awesome wings. Awesome tacos. Beer specials all the time. Great place to watch a game.
4	Count on Zipps for a good time, food is tasty at a fair price, plenty of TV's, attractive servers, burgers are sensational !!
3	i liked the food, the service is quick and friendly, i could eat those onion rings all day.  and the amount of tvs located everywhere was a plus, for any sports fan!  a-ok with me
1	The service here is AWFUL!!  I had to just get that out.  I run a university alumni group and we have been going here to watch all of our football games this season.  This mean, every Saturday, 15-30 people show up and bring them business, stay for 3-4 hours, spend money on food and drinks, and we take care of our waitress who usually is Megan (she's awesome, PS).  However, Zipps is unwilling to reserve us any sort of area, give us any sort of drink or food specials and as of last night, they wouldn't even put our game on one of the 20 televisions in the entire bar area until the UofA game was over.  When I asked to talk to the manager, Jeremy, he copped a SERIOUS attitude with me.  He told me they have been more than accommodating to our group and we don't appreciate anything they have done.  He said he would turn our game on once the others were done.  Well, Jeremy and Zipps management/owners, by me having to arrive at your establishment at least two hours early to ensure we have a spot, your staff telling me I cannot sit at a table unless I have a minimum number of people with me, me paying the same price as everyone else for everything on your menu, and then as of last night having your server put our entire group's tab on one person's credit card and telling us we have to wait to watch our game when there are 10+ alumni sitting there waiting; if you think that is ACCOMODATING, you are DELUSIONAL.  Last night was the last straw in putting up with their awful attitudes and service.  Ten minutes into the game, when they finally did put it on the TV, we had already paid our tab and gone next door to O'Clancy's where they had no problem giving us three big tables, drink specials and our game (did I mention it was the home team, ASU game?) on three big screens.  We will be moving our groups' viewing parties to another sports bar from this point forward.  In case you forgot, Zipps, sports bars are a dime a dozen and yours isn't worth ten cents.I know Zipps' owners have recently fired much of their staff and hired all new management and servers at their Kierland location, I think it is time you reevaluate who you have working for you at your Camelback location.  And, incase you deal with other alumni groups in the future, the two bars I have talked to since last night have been more than willing to reserve an area for us, give our group food and drink specials during our games, and always promise to show our games.  Remember, Zipps and Jeremy, football season may be half way over, but basketball season is just around the corner, and....our team is good, so we like to watch them.  That is 26 games that we will be watching from December to March, not to mention every Saturday from now until December 4 for football.  Man, sucks for you.  I guess your loss is someone else's gain.Oh, and by the way, I'm a server and have been for almost ten years, so I know what accommodating is, and you are not it.
1	THIS PLACE IS AWFUL!!! I wish I could give it no stars. I had a terrible experience here and wrote my previous review earlier this week. Their PR person contacted me and asked more about it, so I told them. They asked if they could pass my information along to the Director of Operations/Owner and I received a two page letter degrading me and basically telling me that I am a self-righteous b*tch who knows nothing about customer service and I only care about myself. Todd Goldman, the owner who so kindly took "the time to teach young girls like [me] life lessons" about customer service and the restaurant industry and point out that I "get so mad and take it so personally that [I] fail to think rationally while [I] struggle with the idea that [I am] not the most important person in the world". Apparently my "myopic viewpoint and exaggerated opinion of [myself] are staggering". Whatever he may feel about me, I do know one thing about him: I will never step foot in one of his establishments ever again. This does not seem to bother Mr. Goldman because, as he told me in his letter from this evening, according to him, "[I] feel that [I] am so influential in this community that [my] posting will dissuade people from visiting [their] establishments". I only wish I could attach the PDF letter that was sent to me that includes all of these lovely morsels of insight and opinion so you all could have the pleasure of reading it. I cannot imagine ever sending something of this magnitude to an upset customer, and yes, I do hope that people read this and see that they should pick Fox Sports Grill, Half Moon, Blue 32, Firehouse Bar and Grill, Duke's, American Junkie or any of the 1000 other sports bars in Scottsdale/Phoenix to enjoy their bar food, beer and sports viewing. It is unbelievable behavior coming from a business owner and Mr. Goldman should be ashamed of himself.***ADDITION 10/19/2010***I was currently in the building with 11 guests, sitting at a 6 person table when I asked to be accommodated.  I was not asking him to "hold" tables for us, I was asking that they take care of  "actual customers".
1	The customer service here is AWFUL!  The manager is less than nice, even at the best of times. I was at Zipps recently for several college ball games, where thank goodness Megan our server was amazing, because the rest of the service was horrible.Not only was I in attendance for bad behavior on management's part, but also able to read an atrocious letter written to a friend simply because she wrote a bad review.I will NEVER be stepping foot in Zipps again, and will be forwarding the letter to ALL my friends. The food isnt that great, and the beer is cheaper is most other establishments, where management is generally nicer. I only wish I could give ZERO STARS!
4	Gotta get the hot wings! They'll make sure you know what you're getting into, but even if you haven't had them before, just play along. They're worth it.
3	Let me start by saying that if excellent customer service is what you are looking for, this is not the place for you.  Are the waitresses nice?....Sometimes.  Are they efficient?.....Not usually.  Do they get the orders right?.....most of the time.  Do I love this place anyway???.....ABSOLUTELY!  Here's why - Value of Happy Hour / Reverse Happy Hour / Weekend specials - 5 stars!  There are not many places you can get a slice of pizza, a basket of wings (Golden Medium, yummm) AND a 32 oz frosty beer for about $10 bucks.  They have daily specials, happy hour specials, weekend specials, and late night specials.  If wings are not your thing, try the Monaco Focaccia - it is to die for!Ambiance - Ehhhh - 3 stars.  This is just your typical sports bar.  No special ambiance to note.  However - bring your shooting skills, and give the arcade game Big Buck Hunter a try for some laughs, OR coerce your friends into playing some pool.I will concur with previous guests comments that the management at this establishment leaves something to be desired.  I have had several experiences where management failed to provide a service or take care of a customer, and was less than apologetic about their unwillingness to help.All in all, I love Zipps - mostly for its convenience and it's cheap prices.  I'd still recommend it though! :)
4	In my opinion, Zipps is the king of the local sports bars.  They've got decent bar food, great beer specials on Sundays, and I've always had attentive, friendly service.  What more do you want?
3	Oh Zipps. I kind of have a mediocre relationship with you. I love the cheap HH, great patio and tons of TVs to watch a game. It's always an option for game day. But, everything else is just pretty run of the mill. And yet, over the years, I've found myself visiting more than I would have ever thought, but I blame my friends and a football game. I look at Zipps as the mainstream location to watch a game. When you hear there's a sports game on, immediately one of the first bars that comes to mind is Zipps. And why not? Like I said, games, great prices, large beers, wings, a patio and TVs make for a great game watching experience. But, the food isn't amazing. The only menu item on the list I tend to eat there is the Monaco Foccacia. The foaccia is fresh and warm and full of chicken breast, grilled melted cheese and ranch dressing. Add tomatoes for a twist. Other than that, just run of the mill food and it's actually better to go with the intention of drinking beer and watching a game. I think that's Zipp's intention as well and it seems to be working for them since it's always crowded!
3	I have to give it to Zipps. On game day, this is the place to be. I don't think I can name many other places as packed full with sports fans as this Zipps on a Sunday afternoon during football season. If yelp did half stars, I would give Zipps another half for the ambiance of a sports maniac haven. So, if you're ever looking for a fun place to throw back some drinks on a Sunday (it could even turn into a Funday), turn here.
3	I have always enjoyed the food at Zipps but the last time I ate there the quality seemed less than usual.  The burger was not as fresh, the onion rings tasted like they had been sitting for a while.  Soda was flat, had to ask for a new cup and they did get me a better soda, but just another indication that things are slipping.What I do like there is the Black and Blue burger with one patty, two patties and I am just stuffed.  My wife really likes the Monaco wrap.  Other than this last experience, the food across the menu is generally very good.
4	Burgers are phenomenal... order one with "half and half" and get a generous portion of fries AND onion rings. My favorite sports bar in old town.
4	Do you like wings?  If so you'll love Zipp's.  One night out our cab driver decided to tell my boyfriend and I about his Scottsdale favorites.  Everyone has their opinion, and it's all you can do to smile and pretend you care.  This guy was very adamant about Zipp's, and so we decided to look into "the hottest wings ever."  We were so glad we had Mr. Chatty McChatterson as our driver because he was right!  Zipp's has TO DIE FOR wings.  The golden hot was our order, and although a notch down from the hottest flavor, they were still pretty hot.  They are made with habenero peppers and bbq sauce, and dipped in either ranch or blue cheese, a party is created in your mouth.  We thought we made it for the happy hour or even the reverse happy hour, but we managed to make in between those times, go figure.  Go before 6 or after 8 to make your experience even cheaper.  Oh, and grab a zipparita too - a strawberry one.  They seem to compliment the wings quite well!  Go for a game or with a group of people - tons of tv's and a great outdoor space to enjoy drinks and wings.
4	Bar Food at its best. This place has been a lunch staple for a group of us at the office for years which to me says it all. You won't be wowed with the offerings but they never disappoint, making it exactly what you would come to expect. Therein lies the magic.Go with the Fish Tacos or the Philly Focaccia (more of a wrap than a focaccia and also not like a true Philly Steak, but still very tasty).
3	I've been here more times than I can count. Its a great spot to meet up with friends for bar food and beer without spending a lot. Wings are good here. I like their golden sauce. It's on special most nights for $5 for a dozen. Even not on special they are reasonably priced. When I'm not in the mood to get my hands dirty, I'll usually get the chicken skewers or the chicken strips, with golden sauce to dip in of course. Also, they have good ranch and honey mustard here.
2	Mistakes... again.  :(This really disappoints me seeing as I've been to most of the Zipps locations around the Valley and love the atmosphere (especially the Chandler location).  Don't get me wrong: The food is amazing (the chicken focc. in particual) for a sports bar.  I love the patio too that offers many tvs for my sports viewing pleasure. Great customers too!The issue I seem to have everytime (and I mean everytime) I've been to this particual location is the quality of service & the server's lack of skill and personality.  Coming from a very highly commended restaurant group based primarily in the Scottsdale area, I value great customer service as well as good personality to improve a customer's dining experience!Improvement of training your servers to have amazing customer service skills and being able to multi-task is the only request I have.  Personally, I love to have a server who does her job well and is having fun in the process.  This is the third time at the restaurant that I've not recieved my order correctly or even at all and the server seems to be very 'meh' about it for a lack of better words. I understand that many times it is out of their control, but an apology would have been nice on someone's behalf.Keep up the great work on your menu!  I hope to have a better service experience next time.
4	I frequent Zipps fairly often and I am definetly a fan.  No its not gourmet, super high quality food.  Its bar food people!  The burgers are great.  I know it sounds simple but their chicken fingers are the best.  Different from any others and the half onion ring/ half fry option with entrees makes me happy.  Plus they have some of the best specials and they last almost all night!  Theres only 1 hour in the evening that doesn't have specials (7-8).  I go here often with friends for beers, burgers, and sports. Loves it.
4	Giving it four stars based on the drink specials.The nightly happy hour doesn't start until 8pm, and we got there about 15 minutes early. Lynne, our adorable server was nice enough to let us hang out with water until 8.On a Friday night, it's "The Most Interesting Night" of the week, so there are Dos Equis Specials, Jager for $3, and whatnot. I did serious damage here for about $20. You can get massice 32oz beers for $4.It's no different than any other sports bar. Come here with people you like. Don't bring a debbie downer, or a sober driver (but make sure you take a cab, so that everyone can have a good time). This is the place to kick back with your friends and have a few, and a few more.The bar food is solid. I asked for a gigantic bowl of celery sticks, and she obliged. we got the golden wings (medium), not really sure what that meant, but it was amazing. Also I sampled someone else's fries, and they were epic.A bite of the turkey burger....delicious. The food here is probably not healthy, but that's why we have gym memberships, and muscles. To burn that shit off. Next time, I'm doing an all Mexican friday. Dos Equis and Fish Tacos.
3	Decent American food and typical beer/alcohol selections. The happy hour prices seemed good. Typical sports bar. The seating is kind of strange, but there is patio seating (when it's not sizzling outside) and bar seating. There are a couple pool tables and table shuffle board. It's ok.
4	Love the medium wings and green salad with thousand island dressing!  The bartender CJ is da bomb!
4	I LOVE spicy wings and usually Hot is normal, but Hot here is REALLY hot.  It's the kind of hot that creeps on you too, so if you are as hungry as I was you may have wolfed down two-three wings before realizing you mouth is on fire!  But they tasted SOOOOO good I couldn't stop.  Zipp's loses a star for slow service on the water.  If you have someone order the hot wings an ice cold water should come automatically.
3	My first day getting to write reviews and I realized I haven't given anyone a 3-star and I'd like to round out my evening - so here's Zipps. Good service (especially in Old Town), beergaritas, drinks, and food's ok. Nice patio to hang out on at night. Warning to wing-eaters, if you ask for blue cheese, they'll just sprinkle some crumbles into some ranch, which is ridiculous and almost warrants a rant. But I had too many good times drinking there to hold it against them too much, so just don't get the wings and go for a focaccia instead.Basically your typical 3-star, perfectly adequate.
2	Love their patio area with the tvs--it's a great place to watch football. However in my world, football and beers go together like peas and carrots so when I can't get a beer, I get sad....and a little mad. We couldn't get the attention of our server for the life of us, not sure if she was just ditsy or in the weeds, but she was basically non existent the whole time. The crowd was really funky for it being Scottsdale: a few normal people, a man dressed like a pirate and your standard douchey people dressed up to watch football on the patio in 100+ degree weather. Food was decent I got the buffalo focaccia which had all the right flavor but kept falling apart.. Like Mexican food, it was actually better the day after. Parking is a beezy, I feel sorry for the poor people shopping at Sunflower since they have to share the lot with the place.
4	32 oz draft beer for $3.75. Need I say more? We couldn't have found a better place to watch opening weekend of the NFL. Here's the low down: If you like sports, tasty food that's bad for you and cheap beer, Zipp's is your nirvana.
3	We went there on a busy night. It is seat yourself and fight to the death for an open table. We finally found a table and there was only 2 chairs for 4 people. So whatever we borrowed some other chairs from else where. Ok. So the food.... Was great. However the service was shit. Slow, forgetting about our drinks, checks, etc for a while. I would recommend to eat here when it is not crowded, so maybe the service will be better.... Bc the food was delicious...
5	I've been to a few different Zipp's location and this is my favorite location to sit outside on the patio. If you like sports and bar food, then my friend, you have found your place. Lots of TV's, lots of beer (heck yes, I'll take the 32 oz one, duh!), and wings! Their golden style wings are so incredibly delicious that when I'm watching sports at home, I'm wishing I had a dozen of Zipps wings in front of me!
3	Sundays are pretty raucous. That being said, if you are a fan of football and want to watch all the games during a particular time slot this is the place to be. All games are playing with the actual volume of the game on (rather than club or dance music, no thanks R&R). The drinks are cheap and service is attentive even with them being busy. The food is on par with typical bar food. Nothing to write home about but good enough to nosh on as an accompaniment to your beer. Will be back for more Sundays without a doubt.
4	Great margs- be sure to ask for the Apple Margarita it mighty smooth! Happy hour changes by day, but it's everyday!! Nice outside seating with fire pits. Good crowd and speedy service!
4	Boom! Football!!  Great place to throw back a few with friends!  Food is good, but the fries need to get upgraded and the some of the TVs for that matter.  All and all it is a fantastic establishment to relax and watch sportsThanks Zipps!!
4	The best burger I ever ate for sure!! The music is loud and it is always crowded and high energy. The patio is cool. The waitress' could smile but other wise the burger is awesome. The atmosphere is a party. Fish tacos are decent too. The only reason I really go is for the hamburgers. You would like it if you want to be entertained and are a people watcher.
4	Focaccias!!!  I get the Monaco religiously and have them put some wing sauce in it + that jalapeno dipping sauce on the side = delicious!   I don't live in AZ anymore but Zipps is a mandatory stop every time I'm back because of this single item.Have the Monaco with a giant blue moon and some medium golden wings and you won't be disappointed even if the team you came to watch loses  :)
5	A must for us when we visit Scottsdale.  Whole family finds what they like and the burgers are fantastic. Very well priced and easy to bring the family, have some wings, burgers a few beers and not break the piggy bank.
3	Man. I'm torn about this place. Let's talk good stuff first: It's convenient, it's close to everything. I love their zipparitas in every flavor, they often have great deals on food and drinks. It's a great place for watching sporting games. I mean it all sounds great, right? Everything you'd want in a sports bar. Well listen up, about 80% of the servers there are just straight twats. The customer service blows big ones. Idk why they've even got attitude, some of them aren't even cute. Check yourself girlfriend. I get it, you're busy. But we're your customers, get that bitchy look off your face. Enough with that rant, aside from their god awful customer service - some of their items are mediocre at best. They charge you for every side of ranch. Oh wait, you're not making enough money off all the drinks we have there, you need $.25 for the ranch too? It's a pet peeve of mine. Don't charge extra for condiments! Sad thing is even tho I get so frustrated with this place, I'll still come here and tolerate their rude servers because sometimes you get lucky and there's a new server who isn't jaded like the rest of those B's. And those damn zipparitas. I love 'em. Sooner or later, I'll give up on this place for good.
4	I am adding a star because they have great happy hour during the week, amazing daily specials for food and drinks and they have a wide variety of food and booze options. Recently I tried their Chicken salad with goat cheese and cranberries and I must say it was delicious!
3	I was here for Happy Hour a couple weeks ago and I realized that I have never written a review even though I have been here many times. Since I know my adoring fans are anxiously waiting to hear my thoughts on this place, I am happy to oblige.Zipp's is not a bad option for a work lunch since they have a pretty large menu and can accommodate big parties. The food is mostly bar food with burgers, pizza, fried apps, and wings as their specialties, none of which are my top choice for lunch. But they do have the option of what they refer to as focaccias; they are sort of a cross between a wrap and a panini.  Those are pretty tasty but unfortunately they all come with mayo or some other kind of creamy sauce (yuck!) and so I have to order it without and hope the kitchen gets it right. My go-to item is actually the honey balsamic salad. It is really filling because of all the stuff that's in it and the dressing is really good and goes well with the goat cheese. Overall its not the best food in the area (hey, its Scottsdale after all) but its a safe bet since there is something for everyone and the prices are reasonable.Zipps is also a great place for happy hour. They have a large patio that is just fantastic because of the wood and comfy seating. You kind of get the feeling you are hanging out on a friend's deck. It can get a little crowded at times, especially on Fridays. And I wish there were more shade. But when the weather is nice you can't beat sitting out in the sunshine with a cold beer watching the game (yes they have tvs outside). Even when the heat drives you inside to the a/c, this place is still worth a visit because of the $3 pints. That's a pretty good deal. They also have $4 for the large 32 oz but that doesn't include the "premium" beers.Overall, there is nothing that really makes Zipp's a "must try" place but it is a pretty decent option to go and grab a beer after work.
4	Good sports bar. Great service, decent food, and open til 2am!
4	Zipps is THE place i recommend for anyone looking to drink some alcohol, munch some tasty wings and watch a good game. Wings arent the only tasty item of course...there's burgers, focaccias, sammies, greenbay chili (good one!), and desserts! Play some pool too, or at least get in line if its a busy night. For the record, its honey medium wings for me every time...the drink varies.
4	Zippity Do Da Zippity....That Disney song from such a long time ago comes to my head whenever I go to Zipps or hear the name.  Just like how the song has a melodic chill feeling, Zipps is a chill and cool place to hang out to watch a game, eat some food, and drink a beer.  For bar type of food, the quality of the food is actually quite good.  I have had their chicken sandwich, turkey sandwich, and chicken salad.  They have a great variety of beer and other liquor to keep you satisfied more than a nights worth.
5	Great wings - A great place to go to watch a game.
5	OMG I warn you, as a fellow pepper-head, watch the hot wings. Only for the waiver signing crowd. And the medium are hotter than most hot and they have a "golden" style where thay add some honey and that is really good to try as well. Sandwiches are fine.The wings are great, burgers are great, very loud, always a drunken sports crowd during games or happy hour. I heard the Scottsdale cops pull everyone over as they leave so park down the street,
4	I love Zipps because of their amazing zipparitas, focaccias, and overall fun place. There are tvs everywhere so you always have a good view of the game you want to watch. The patio is fantastic on a nice evening in the summer.
4	Ok so i had a salad.  Not the best but why would order a salad when their burgers with jalapeno sauce are so darn good.  Well all I had been doing while on a little trip there was eat.  i was just not hungry.  We actually met about 18 of my sons' friends for dinner there.  So the company was already great.  Our server was excellent and all in all it made for one happy night.I know I will go back next time I am in town.  I promise to have a burger and fries.  I wish it was here in my town because right about now a burger sounds pretty darn yummy.  Till the next time.
3	Lots of food was consumed at our table, so I'll start with the wings.I like hot and spicy, so I ordered them hot.  The server told me their hot was VERY hot (note - they do have a VERY HOT category that is hotter than HOT - lol), and that if I don't like it, they won't refire it and it can't be sent back (clearly this is a recurrent issue and must come out of the servers pay or something.  Either way, she scared me sufficiently, and I NEVER send food back regardless), so, I ordered them MILD, expecting them to be HOT.  And they were, indeed, MILD.  So, my wonderfully cautious server brought me a cup of the HOT sauce.  Holy crap.  This shit was VERY HOT (not to be confused with the VERY HOT wings, mind you).  Is that clear?  To recap, the MILD is MILD, the HOT is VERY HOT, and the VERY HOT is...I was too chicken to find out.All you really need to know on the wing issue is that if you over-order in hotness and you don't like it, you're screwed.Moving on..Had a blue cheese burger.  It had some strong earthy taste, almost like dirt.  I was afraid to check under the bun, as the server could have been annoyed with the wing drama, but it tasted like either weird pot, or dirt.  In reality, it was probably some strange oregano.  Or chervil.  Or marjoram.  Double patty, though.  Fries - good.Onion rings - EXCELLENT.  Even the next day microwaved, they were yummy.I wouldn't say I'd drop back in unless I was in the mood for a divey sports bar with wingitude, but I also wouldn't pout and sit in the car.
1	Very rarely will I write a review, but tonight's experience at Zipp's leaves me no choice.Our waitress, Lacey P, had an attitude from the moment we arrived. I'm not sure what was bugging her, but it was certainly nothing that our party of three did.Midway through our meal, as she was clearing plates off the table, she accidentally dropped a carrot slice from somebody's salad into my beer. That's no big deal. Staff has accidents all the time. The issue just begins here though. Lacey P didn't apologize or acknowledge me. She simply took my half finished beer, and after five minutes, returned with a new beer in a smaller cup. She explained that I received the smaller cup because the beer she had ruined was not a full beer.I'm not going to fight with a waitress, however if you make a mistake, you need to correct it properly. A simple apology would have been fine and no new beer would have been necessary.The night was fine again until it was time for Lacey P to remove the rest of our plates. At which time, she flung a knife across the table, assuming it would land in our wing basket. However, said knife did not land in said wing basket. It landed about 4 inches from my leg.I find this behavior dangerous above all. I can't, in good conscience return to Zipp's ever again. I can get over poor service, but I absolutely can't get over such blatant disregard for safety.Lacey P, if you're having a bad day, don't come into work. It's that simple. No need to endanger Zipp's customers.What a terrible, terrible experience.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! Great place to watch games with your friends or just hang out.. Lots of deals basically all the time. $4 for 32oz domestic drafts and $3.50 zipparitas on Wed. Favorite place to go to watch SF Giants games- best part is the Scottsdale Trolley goes straight there and its a short walk to the rest of the bars in Old Town. I had a buffalo chicken foccacia, wan't that great (companred to 4 peaks) but good for bar food. Personally I don't like the onion rings but the fries are good
4	The first time I went to Zipp's I was promised the best chicken wings on the planet.  I was disappointed only by my inability to eat them all!  I can't do super-spicy, but the mild flavor is just right for me.  I haven't actually bothered to try anything else there.  As far as atmosphere, Zipp's is your usual sports bar.  I'm a fan of sports bars more than I am of sports, because I like to sit with a drink, some sort of food, and be able to talk to my friends without shouting.  That said, during a major sporting event, one would still need to shout to be heard properly.  I'm sure I'll go back!
3	It's Zipps. A chain restaurant that has the same feel wherever you go. Not as big as the one in Arcadia. The wings are always great. The pizza is comparable to the take-n-bake that you can pick up at your local grocery store.
3	I have been here a few times and figured it's time to write a review. This place, overall is an all right spot. They have happy hour specials practically all night, every night. The only time they seem to lack happy hour is from 7pm to 8pm lol. And I know that they have weekend specials for those weekend ball games and whatnot. It's awesome. The food is pretty yum too. The only reason I didn't give the place four stars is due to my experience tonight. Zipps is a sports bar. And it's football (pre)season. They should have at least one TV dedicated to the home team, but they. I get that they couldn't get the ASU game due to the whole TV dispute, but to not have the Cards - Bronco game is ridiculous considering it's on ABC. And when they finally did have it on, it was a bit difficult to have someone change the channel on the right TV. I get that it was busy, but that shouldn't be an excuse to not listen to your customers. If anything, they should make a conscious effort to hear their customers and make sure they're happy. Anyways, I'm sure i'll go back some time, but I'll probably have to call ahead and make sure they have the games I want on.
1	I've been to this Zipps 3 times. First time was fun. Second time I ordered the wings and I ended up with food poisening, and the last time I went they overcharged my bill and forced me to deal with the asshole GM...The food is great at Zipps and Goldies, but NOT at this location.And the Management are idiots and condisending assholes. I don't recommend this location AT ALL!!!
5	Yum! I've been here (Zipp's on Camelback) many times and the food is great. The Focaccias are probably my favorite (homemade bread) and you get a huge side of fries, onion rings, salad...all for about $8. (I've spent more in drive-throughs). AND "our" waitress is so the best! Her name is Erin (Eron). We totally sit in her section anytime we're there!
5	This place is awesome! It's super casual, it's an awesome place to grab a beer and watch the big game. Their breaded chicken skewers are to die for!
4	Always a pretty good time at Zipps.  Friendly staff, fun atmosphere, good food, cheap pricing.  The 1000 Island burger is awesome.  Had this with the side salad & then we had a chocalate chip cookie pie that is served on a hot skillet with ice cream on top.  As bad as this is for you the thing taste absolutely amazing!  The only draw back to Zipps is you seat yourself & the majority of the time the place is packed so your forced to walk around a crowded bar looking for somewhere to sit.  Anytime I want to watch a game, relax, & have some good fair priced food this is a definite option.
1	I ate here on Thursday, November 15 and got food poisoning from the wings. Let them know so they could pull the batch but they said it was just me and offered a free pint as compensation. I won't eat here ever again.
4	Good location, decent food. My favorite remains teh Foccahia's.
2	So my friend told me this was the best sports bar in Scottsdale and I had to check it out so I figured I would go on Sunday to check out the games when I first arrive they have all the games playing on different TVs and they seat you based on what team you want to watch. The downside to this is if you are coming with a group only half of your table can watch one game and the other side of the table is watching another game which was annoying. As for the food I was told there wings were amazing and hot so I ordered some hot wings only to find out they smell hotter than what they really are they were also pretty standard nothing amazing. I also ordered a green chile cheeseburger which was really good it was a pepper jack cheese burger with green chile from NM which made me feel at home. They also make homemade fries and onion rings which was a plus. Overall there are better sports bars around, food is ok and nothing special would I go back? Maybe...
2	The only reason I gave this place two stars is because I think their food is good. The service at this place completely sucks except one waitress, but unfortunately I don't get her every time I'm their. My last trip here was the worst by far. The waitress took ten minutes to greet my friend and I then we asked for water with lemon and she didn't bring out the lemons. We asked her again and after ten minutes I just went to the bar to ask for them. Next she finally brought out our food, and we begin to eat and realize that the sandwich (the Monaco focaccia Cajun style is awesome!) didn't come out Cajun-style. When we asked her she said it was and just walked away. We have been there multiple times so we knew that she was wrong but didn't care, and we had to ask for silverware and napkins to eat with. Overall that was the worst zipps experience I've had.  It's too bad the service sucks here because I really do like the food.
4	I always enjoy the atmosphere in here it usually pretty lively. I usually come here for three things Sports, Zipps French Fries, and the Buffalo Focaccia. I've noticed since I get the dish so regularly that it can be hit or miss. One time the chicken can be tender and savory and the next time it can be dry as the desert we live in. It can have a nice blend of wing sauce and ranch (I subsitute ranch for blue cheese) and the next just chicken drowned in ranch without any spice. Mostly though this place is exactly what I'm looking for.
5	get the zipps wings, golden-medium hot. it's sweet, spicy, and comes out hot. that's all you really need to know.okay, it's also a cool place to grab drinks with friends. their zipperitas are strong as balls. there's tvs everywhere and it gets packed for every game. but really, get the zipps wings, golden-medium hot. I just moved to LA and I really, truly, deeply, miss zipps wings.
4	I've been eating here for 5 years. I'm a local and have been to every sports bar in Scottsdale. This is the best. Hands down, no question. Very, very friendly staff.  I usually get the buffalo focaccia sandwich with rings. Burgers and wings are also great. Huge beers, great happy hour specials, food is consistently good!Stopped by Marleys on my bike earlier today while the football games were on. I know I misspelled it but Im too lazy and don't think enough of that place to bother with looking up the right spelling. Overpriced. I sat down on the patio and a hostess dropped a menu in front of me. No hello or any type of welcome. Not a word. Guess she was anxious to get back to texting.Zipps is not owned by a local sports celebrity. That's a good reason to go there and not Marleys. They have outstanding food. Very reasonable prices. Super staff. I'm an airline pilot and eat at a lot of different places here and out of town. Zipps is simply one of the best.(Not five stars because nobody believes those. This is a real deal review)
4	For some reason I hadn't gone to this location yet, even though I am a big fan of sports, bar food, and drinks. I went this last Sunday with my roommate to watch some football. It was packed, but we were still able to get a table and our server was very friendly and accommodating even though you could tell she was busy. They have some of the best drink and food specials around and I love their patio area. I was only able to stay for a little over an hour, but I got their chicken fingers with fries. Although, they were only about average, I was still happy and will definitely be back in the near future.
4	I will write this for both the Camelback location and the one in Central Scottsdale.  If you're looking for a fun happy hour party (both regular and late-night), do the Camelback location in Old Town.  It's much more lively, there's a pool table, there's an awesome outdoor patio, there's a shuffleboard table, and the waitresses are awesome.  If you want something more for watching Sports and relaxing a bit, the Central Scottsdale location is the one for you.  Both are great.  Great food, great drinks, great service.
3	My friend and I wanted to watch a college football game and figured that Zipp's was as good a place as any to watch it.  Arriving around noon, we found several televisions that we were able to change to our game.  We also learned that there was a special happy hour available even on Sundays where we were able to order a full 18 inch pizza for only $10.  In fact, there is a great menu with both happy hour and reverse happy hour deals for drinks and food.  Though the pizza was a great deal, the pizza was not the best.  The service, on the other hand, was very good.  The waitress stopped by every few minutes to check on us.  I probably won't order the pizza again, but I'll definitely come back another day to enjoy the sports atmosphere and perhaps order a specialty burger or wings.  There are also several Zipp's around the city, which are in pretty convenient locations.  I have had positive experiences at all of them.
3	As a sports bar in Scottsdale it is about as good as it gets.  However I sports bars overall goes Zipps is merely average.  The only way to describe the place is AVERAGE. Average food, average prices, average drinks, virtually no craft beer selections and average service.  Only good thing is a nice shuffleboard table.
1	Watery bloody and slow service. Terrible management.
4	The best wings ever, just wish you couldn't smoke on the patio.
5	Service is great, and the 32oz $4 dollar beer is awesome. And when the patio isnt packed its a good spot to hang at.
3	service sucks but food is good. Specially Black and blue burger is delicious
4	Arrived with some friends I have not seen in years. It was close to where they were staying. Younger 20's crowd.Beer was cold and my fish tacos where very good.
3	Always super busy when there's a game or fight-- food isn't bad, servers can be kind of rude but in a fun way.I recommend coming here to watch a game, otherwise I don't know what the point is.
4	I luv Zipps for Happy Hour!! Yea Chicken Skewers and a 32oz beer! All that for less than ten bucks on happy hour is a steal, especially in this part of Old Town Scottsdale. Keep up the good work Zipps!
3	It's the second Zipps that I've been to and it's pretty comparable to the other one. This one was a little smaller, but the beer selection was decent and the burgers were still okay (nothing to rave about).
4	I've been here a few times and Zipps has never done me wrong. Great place to go for games with multiple TVs and a lively crowd. Also, they have Nightly Specials (food & drinks) from 8pm to Close everyday and the Golden wings are delicious!
5	My coworkers and I go to this Zipps regularly because it's really close to work! The happy hour deals are great!The food is great as well. I've tried many things on their menu and always been satisfied, but their fish sandwich, and the golden mild wings are AWESOME!! As regulars, we find the waitresses very friendly! They always help us get a table when it's busy and recognize us each time we're there. I've never had a problem with the service or management.No complaints here - Zipps is the best!
4	We had a great time at Zipps this week.  We have been to many of the locations, but for this particular location, the two female bartenders that were working were outstanding.  They were efficient, polite, personable, and very on top of it!  Our food was good and the drinks were great.  It was a good atmosphere and we'll be back!
4	RG3 time. Go Redskins!!!
4	Its a sports bar. Food and drinks of sports bar caliber. Sometimes what you really want is wings and some beer.  Zipps can take care of that for you.
4	This Zipps is my favorite one.  The location is close to home and I love I can ride my bike for a Zipparita !  I stick with your standard hot wings and a strawberry Zipparita.  Honestly, I think I've had something different....once.  I just prefer to have what I like! The location is clean and the patio is great!  Bartenders are always friendly and fast, fast is always good when it comes to alcohol. :)  Shuffleboard isn't always open, but the upside is...they have pool and the touch screen game thingy (that's my favorite). If you don't want the unce unce, but what to be in Old Town this is not a bad place to be.  Also, if you want to change up the scenery Clancy's is next door which is also a great spot !
3	I think that everything about Zipp's is pretty mediocre...except the wings. The wings are amazing especially the really hot ones. They do have some good happy hour specials every day which is nice but I don't think the food is anything outstanding. The fries and onions rings always taste a little soggy to me. This location has a good patio if it isn't too hot. It's a good place to watch games and they also do have strong Zipparitas if you're trying to get after it. I'm never AGAINST going to Zipp's but it also isn't ever the first place I think of.
1	Expect to sit with strangers at your table as they try to fill all slots in the restaurant.  A friend and I had went to grab some lunch on a Sunday afternoon.  We sat at a table and finally the waitress greeted us.  We ordered.  Waitress screwed up our orders and she made sure our drinks were empty.  About 3/4 of the way done with our meal.  Waitress tries to sit two more people at our table.  She said since it was busy that they wanted to fill all tables.  All of us looked at each other like "WTF...are we getting punkd?"The two strangers said that they will come back later as they felt as awkward as us.  Overall:  horrible service (as always)...and okay food.
4	Since this place is right by place I go here often. I stop going couple months ago because the service disappoint me. However, I went back three weeks ago to have their famous black and blue burger which I love. As we sat down, we were greeted by friendly server who took our order. Gotta say I was really surprised to see improvement in service side.  Since I went there couple more times. Thank you for great service Zipps keep it up.
5	Food is absolutely unbelievable for a bar. Even the guacamole is amazing. Probably the best quesadilla I've had in my life and the green chili burger is to die for. Drinks are always filled and they always make sure you have everything you need (like extra guac). Great cheap eatery.
4	our second stop for the san tan beer labor day pub ride. zipps always seems like such a fun place. alas, we don't eat meat anymore, so why go? the wait staff was super cool with a bunch of dorky bike riders pulling up. they kept the booze flowing and didn't seem stressed at all. the patio was freaky hot though. i hear from my friends...they always love zipps as a good ol standby for beers and watching sports!
4	best happy hour specials and pretty good customer service. I couldn't decide what flavor margarita to try and the server offered me suggestions, and then brought me her favorite. It was great & I appreciated her being willing to help me decide. I'll definitely be returning to Zipps.
1	I have been a patron at zipps for a long time and at many different locations across the greater metropolitan area. This one on camelback I live nearby so I visit it most often. I am also a bartender for the last 7 years.CJ the bartender gives some of the worst customer service I've seen in a long time. I sit in the same bar stool and order the same thing every time I go in there. For one, he never recognizes me. I've probably been served by him half a dozen times in the last few months alone. Last time I was there, I ordered what I always do. After delivering my beer and food he never checked in to ask how the food was or if he could get me anything. I guess he forgot the two minute two bite rule, but there was only about 6 people at the bar. He was busy in conversation with the servers about restaurant problems. When I had finished my beer and my food, he just said, "Do you want your check yet?"To which I was stunned. Usually you would ask if everything was ok, or if I could use a refill on my Budweiser. So I said, "no..but I will take another beer and some to go food if thats ok with you."I took my new beer outside to smoke a cigarette. As I returned, my bar stool had been hijacked by someone who asked if someone was sitting there.CJ replied, "Oh there was but he'll be fine."So I moved down three bar stools and waited for my to-go wings. I tipped about 22% but I was really pissed I did. So I feel this review is worth more than stiffing him on a tip, since he never recognizes me anyway.  I don't think I can go there to have beers anymore. They're lucky that the focaccia is freaking amazing and the wings are hands down the best in the state. I will say I have been served plenty of times at tables as well, both with friends and by myself, over the last 5 years i've been going to the camelback location, and I have always had pretty excellent service from all the girls. I think I'll just have to stick to getting to-go food from there or visit a different zipps.
4	First of all, I'm really impressed how Zipp's manages to be so close to typical Scottsdale clubs, yet doesn't endure a smidgen of pretentious clientele. This is a place for large groups to chug beer, watch sports highlights, and if brave enough, chomp on greasy bar food. $8 for a freaking pitcher of Ranger IPA made me a happy camper. That's all I really need! I can have one of those and call it a night. But you know me, I like to party.   Prices on shots like Fireball and Jager were also very reasonable. This is such a great place to be social; I like watching the occasional early walk of shame around 1:30 from the patio while I chat it up with friends. Apps were interesting...I tried some sort of roast beef spring roll, but it wasn't my cup of tea. No matter what, the food is inexpensive, and the kitchen is open late. Men, if you don't want to deal with an army of bros and cheap cologne, come here. Ladies, if you don't feel like 5 inch heels and pushup bras, stop by. This place is fun.
4	Zipps is my neighborhood go-to spot.  There's always a special; except for one hour between 7-8, we like to refer to it as the 'un-happy hour' but that doesn't distract from the good time you'll have.The beer is always cold and the glasses are generally chilled, unless they're super busy, then they're freshly cleaned.The staff is friendly and plentiful.  There's generally a manager cruising the floor (or helping the waitstaff when it's really busy) making sure everything is going as expected.My only negative is they don't allow dogs on the patio like almost every other bar & grill with a patio in the area (Duke's, Pranksters Too, The Habit, The Morning Squeeze, Gilligan's, etc.)  The reason they give is due to health codes.  Regardless, they have their reasons and it doesn't keep me from going, but it does keep me from going as much.  Still, lots of sports on the TVs, cold beer and good food; all at reasonable prices, especially for Scottsdale.  Paired with friendly, consistent service.  Zipps is a great place to hang with friends.
5	golden medium wings!!!!!!!! Also really good beer specials and they have some really good looking waitresses
2	I'm a fan of Zipps but the staff at this location are simply dense. I was served the most disgusting salad once there. I simply told the waitress I didn't want it but I had no problem paying for it. The manager comes out and proceeds to ask me what my issue with the salad was. I said to him that it's not a big deal and I should have known better than to get a salad at Zipp's. He still wanted to know what was wrong with the salad. I told him it looked like a 4 year old made it and he could bring the chef out if he would like and I could show him how to make a salad... I left shortly after.
5	ZIPPS, baby!  I love watching the football games here because ZIPPS prepares a giant steamy melting pot of fans rooting for different teams.  Even the employees working here show their support for their favorite teams every Sunday.  I've only been here on Thursdays and Sundays.  The Golden hot wings are phenomenal and they have Alaskan on tap.  I try to go every Sunday and if I could, I would go every Sunday if that hot wing sauce didn't burn a hole through my pocket.
1	40 degrees on the patio and four of their heat lamps don't work.  Apparently the owners are too cheap to fix them.  Skip this place.
5	Football Sundays, specials everydays. This place is a great local neighborhood bar..moderately priced and great service! I'm not quite a regular but my food has been the same every time. This place is predictable and brings the same quality every time I go back. When you work at a place that stays busy with repeat customers, remembering those people is a huge part of the job. They do that and still give good service to the rest of the bar. Food is good and the wings in particular. If you have a game to watch, go to zipps.
3	Good younger crowd for a Friday night and plenty of sports on TV. I tried the Friday night special of a Chicken Burrito for six bucks ($2 savings). It came out pretty fast and was about above average for a sports bar mexican food dish. The burro could have been bigger, but was served with small cups of all the usual condiments. Pepper Jack cheese in the burrito added a different touch. Fast service also for a crowded night. The chips were plentiful as well that came with the food and tasted very fresh.
1	The food here is always not the way you ordered it. Also the waitress and managers will give you attitude if you ask for it the way you ordered it. Came to watch sports and have a beer you might be ok but the glasses taste like cleaner. Sports bar quality is was it is but this location is the worst!
4	Sports grill is a little disingenuous. They do some pretty great food with decent happy hour specials.
1	Wow... My friend asked for a Cabernet 4 different times to 2 different servers an it took over 35 minutes even after they discussed the wine list to him.. Then she finally came to the table an said your cabs here.... We were like where? This server thought we meant a cab like in a ride... The foods good but the servers are terrible.
3	Ive been coming here regularly for 7 years.  Zipps has some of the best beer specials in town and pretty good bar food.  The servers are top notch, and the patio is a chill place to chat with friends or people watch.  Tuesdays and Thursdays are the best nights for food: Tuesday for 6 dollar specialty burgers and Thursdays for foccacias.  The patio has heaters for chilly winter nights and misters for the summer.  There is a drawback though... As this location trains managers and servers for their new locations, you can have off nights.
1	The food was over priced for the quality. The appetizers were a joke. I and my boyfriend both have been puking foam since we ate here. I'll gladly never eat here again
5	Love the Golden Hot and Extra Hot wings...some of the best in town!!
4	For a corner bar, its a winner!   Loved the hot wings and the patio beers.   Service was good, we had no issues, whilst I hear some reviews of issues on service, we had plenty of service.   The place is like a sports bar with a patio and a college bar vibe.   Its cool, very cozy for a date too and central scottsdale.    Enjoyed it, wings were BOMB DIGITY!   Bomb is great , superb!  Get some.   4 stars...recommended!
5	Great happy hour. We sat on the patio had a couple drinks and some wings. They were great. The wings were a decent size and the sauce was tasty. Our server was fast and friendly. When I mentioned my food allergy she was happy to go back into the kitchen and double check for me, which I greatly appreciated. Solid sports bar in old town. Big drinks, good bar food, good service, what's not to love.
4	Zipp's Sports Grill is great! It's definitely "bar food" but it's so yummy! Get one of the focaccias! The Monaco Focaccia is my favorite (with a side of their "golden" wing sauce for dipping)! Service is good and it's the perfect place to come catch a game on TV!
5	Awesome happy hour. Cheap beer, cheap pizza and shuffle board.Best part was the SHUTTLE from the bar to Scottsdale stadium and BACK for only $5!!! Then you can use that $5 voucher towards your bill later that day! What!?! Yeah we used that sucker all weekend!!!The wait staff handled all 10 of our drunk bachelor party having asses with ease. It's like they have done it before.
4	One of my favorite patios to be on on a warm sunny day. Their food and specials don't hurt either. I love this place.
4	The golden wings are awesome! Focaccia  rolls are another favorite, especially the buffalo chicken one. Service is generally quick and very friendly. Kind of noisy if you sit outside. My 10 year old asks to come here every time we are in town.
5	This is my favorite Zipp's.  It is close to home and CJ is the best bartender. Come a couple of times and he has your name down. The tacos on Wednesday night are great! $4 for 4. I like the chicken. The wings are awesome here. My nephews always ask me to take them here! A huge 32oz draft at happy hour will make you happy for sure! On Wednesday night the flavored Zipparitas will knock you on your a....! Watch out! That's why they limit to 3!
1	Prices and happy hour special were changed, more expensive and doesn't meet our schedules.Really too bad, we really enjoyed coming but we will need to find a new go to. Liked checking out other locations too.  Won't be back to any.
4	A very decent bar with staff that is cool more often  than not, some fairly decent happy hour specials and a relaxed atmosphere.
4	Great little sports bar just a couple blocks away. Large patio, lots of TV's. The pool and shuffleboard tables are a bit of a squeeze. The happy hour and reverse happy hour are very good and for can be a hit or miss. Usually the waitress will tell you if you as if something is good or not.... with an honest answer. This is a growing local chain and I've been to 3 of the locations which seem to be consistant.
5	Ahhhh the Regal Beagle... So much to say and so little characters.Beers are always great, can't beat the wings, and the burgers are awesome. I've been coming to zipps on camelback since it took over for fast Freddy's before you probably moved here. Amazing for football, but don't ask to switch the channels, check the helmets on the TVs and find where you should sit.In the summer, it's an ideal neighborhood bar, where - except for downtown scottsdale over flow or pre party crowd weekend nights. otherwise, leave your BS at the door, learn your bartenders name, and have a conversation.Love zipps, it's a scottsdale institution.
3	Went there for lunch. Had a burger (black & blu), a slice of pizza, basket of fries and some wings I shared with the Mrs.'s. The burger was decent but forgettable, pizza was a bad buy even at $2 and the side salad was seriously lacking. The wings were good and so were the fries and onion rings. I would not go back again for a meal but just to catch a game and have some wings or a basket of fries and onion rings. There were a lot of tv's and some games so that could be fun. The service was also fine.
3	Zipp's is fast coming the sports bar standard in Phoenix.  Fizzy, yellow beer in big quantities, typical bar food and Zipparitas.  Lots of televisions strategically placed, games and scantly clad servers.  I enjoy visiting on an occasion for the fizzy beer, the occasional burger (the one with the peppers and jack cheese was good) and a good view of the eclectic clientele.
5	It goes something like this:Me: Game tonight. Who's down?Friends: We're in, where?Me: Andrew wants wingy! And a big beer. Trying to keep it cheap tho. Friends: So, Zipps?Arguably the best happy hour in town (3-7pm). Zipp's has it made with awesome burgers and focaccias (really good wraps), and of course, those WINGS. Get them medium golden. The only downside is the lack of sauce variety, but the flavor and quality really outshine typical sports bar food. I've wasted many an evening watching games in this fine establishment. For good reason too - we're talking premium beers for $3 and 32 oz domestics for $4 or less. Toss in chips, salsa and guac for another $4 and you've got me as a fan for life!
1	Okay, so this was the first time I have went to Zipp's and have heard mixed reviews but I still wanted to check it out for myself. I'm not one of those people who hear that a movie is bad and because they do so I avoid. Definitely not me! So I decided to check it out around 2:45pm, I walked in and chose my seat way in the back. As the waitress arrived I asked for a water and soon got a water and a diet coke which I did not ask for. I had to say as she was asking me about appetizers that I only ordered a water, she did kindly take the diet coke away and didn't say anything after about getting the drinks wrong. When she returned I was ready for my order which was a Green bay cup of chili and an order of the tacos where I got 2 of the beef and 2 of the chicken. They asked if I wanted the chili first and of course I said yes.Okay, so my chili came to the table and I was sadly disappointed. It looked as though the bowl was already touched and the taste was just heat. It might look like a pretty picture to the eyes but I honestly had it and could only taste 'heat' from whatever spice they used, but no flavor. I was very disappointed as I thought there was going to be 'green chilis' as the description I read had on it as well as hey, this will actually have flavor!!Beyond that lets move on, I got the tacos where I decided to get 2 beef and 2 chicken, what should be so wrong with that right? Well, if I could be modest well wow, the portion size was great for the price, but beyond that, not worth it at all.This is my honest opinion because these all were can I say, awful! I had one of the Chicken tacos and had to squeeze the grease out to eat it and it was kinda okay because of the sour cream and tomatoes to mask the flavor. When I got to the beef taco cause I wanted to mix it up, I again squeezed it because of all the grease and took a bite and could not taste anything. I took another bite and I could taste a hint of cleaner, this is not good and I was done. I did not know how long ago they changed there grease in the greaser and tasting a hint of cleaner I felt they did not care about me at all!I still had 1 chicken taco and a beef taco and I decided to give the chicken 1 more shot. I did not have any utencils but I decided to try it straight out of my hand and what I got was that canned chicken that I could buy out of the store. It had a tuna taste and just not cooked here kinda vibe. It was not good and honestly I have heard so much and would of hoped for more but deeply disappointed! I would not recommend this place for the service but if you are looking for greasy foods as you drink and you don't pay attention to taste then this may be for you.
4	Cant get upset that this place is constantly crowded, but you will be hard pressed to find a seat at the bar at almost anytime during the day. They could also use more shade outside, but I did get quite the buzz off their $3 HH zipparita's. It's a good happy Hour menu and a good after eight menu full of new and exciting specials each day. The $1.50 pizza slice was even halfway decent after that third drink, but do out of your way to order one of those. The full pie is much better. Great waitresses always too.
5	Great specials throughout the day and on weekends. Very nice TV's and atmosphere. They run a tight and consistent ship. You won't be holding a table of 10 for an hour with only a few people present. The food is well above average for a bar and priced fairly and below the valley average, especially the happy hour pricing. 32 oz beer under $4, win!
4	Awesome Attentive service. We got our drinks almost as soon as we sat down which was awesome. Such a fun place to go after volleyball at ISP down the road. I had the buffalo chicken salad which was so good. The chicken had a ton of buffalo sauce on it which I really love. Several people got the fish tacos which also looked really good. They have a special margarita that's only $3 during happy hour which I believe is after 10 pm. They also have blue moon and some other domestics on tap. We all had a great time and really enjoyed our experience.
1	Please do something about the night manager Malcolm. He is very rude. I had my foot on the chair and he rudely came over and told me to take my foot off. No personality at all. Everyone else here is great and the golden wings are too!!
1	I go to Zipps quite often and nothing has ever been an issue, but last night while trying to enjoy a nice outing with my friends/coworkers things took a turn for the worst. We had friends show up early to reserve a table for 8, we met up with them and sat down, ordered drinks, and everything seemed to be going smoothly. But then throughout the night, rude remarks and attitude was given by the server (not going to mention names because you know who you are) . You could tell she just clearly did not want to be there. The main issue occurred when the checks were brought to the table. Everything was unorganized. With ALL of us  at the table working in the restaurant industry (including our manager), we DO understand rough days and the business. But I have NEVER felt so uncomfortable at a restaurant. She then proceeded to drop the checks off... one check book had a salad on it, I recognized it was not ours and put it in the middle of the table.  We situated our money and she then came by to picked up our tabs. But before she could even do that...she snapped at our table saying we had some other tables check book, I said "yes, we put it in the middle of our table because it wasn't ours", she then says "well where's the money that was in it" we say there was none that we had seen. She then pulls aside the table that the check belonged to as they are exiting and questions if they paid their tab... they say "yes, with cash". She comes back to us (mind you making scene in front of the patio) saying it is "impossible" that there was no money in it, assuming we stole it. Coming from a table full of servers we discussed that we would never accuse a table and track back steps before throwing accusations around...well what do you know, the money was on the floor. How did the manager handle it? He simply stated he would talk to her. I have never felt so offended and appalled by how we were treated. It is called customer service. Not only did she do that, but as other guests would leave she would lean out the patio while they were walking to their cars asking if they paid their tabs. Just very unprofessional. She then brings back our checks but one booklet has three tabs in it and she says the cash amount given was insufficient because she forgot a tab... at this point I thought it was a joke. We all gave her enough money, but at this point I felt she wouldn't get a tip because clearly she did not deserve one and pocketed the money, with our manager fed up, he took care whatever needed to be paid for because he just wanted to get out of there. I have never tipped lower than 20% even if the service was bad, knowing that everyone has their days. But being accused of stealing while trying to enjoy a nice evening is uncalled for. Her demeanor was awful and the whole transaction had me sick. I will not be attending this Zipps in the near future.
4	Oh Zipps.  Oh Zipps,  Oh Zipps.  I do like you today.  Last time I hated you. The time before, I loved you.  First of all, you are so dark inside.  And sometimes you are dirty; yet sometimes, you're freshly cleaned!  Your service is consistently outstanding, when it doesn't suck.  Your patio is delightful, when it isn't crowded and awful.  Your fries are marginal; yet your sweet potato chips are delightful.  First time today with your onion rings, that are quite tasty I must say!  I just wish I liked onion rings.  Your sweet jalapeno burger is always a crowd pleaser, and today was no exception.  The secret sauce is so delicious, I want to bathe in it, and put it on everything.  Dear Zipps, you always manage to attract the most interesting crowd - businessmen to sports enthusiasts; douchebags to posers; teens to senior citizens.  Parking is always easy; and there is always a timely sporting event to watch.  I don't want to see in your kitchen; but the food always comes out quickly.  Your salads are fresh; and appetizers are tasty.  Most notable - your happy hour is ALWAYS exceptional, and beers are always cold, and large.  Oh Zipps.  Oh Zipps,  Oh Zipps.  I do like you today.
4	Awesome place our kickball team goes here almost every Monday.. The staff is always nice and friendly and food and drinks are fast.. There prices are great. Love this place cant wait till next week for more...:)
2	We love zipps! Wings are best!Service is always good. Just would appreciate if you let your staff know that when using the restroom you shouldn't place your apron on the floor. It was nasty to see. It's not sanitary!!
4	Excellent location, especially for MWU students. I go for the chicken skewers, zipparitas, and relaxed environment. Check it out .. Especially during their happy hour!
3	I don't go to bars often anymore and probably wouldn't have gone to Zipp's had Sushi J been open for dinner when we arrived. I found Zipp's too dark inside (one of the reasons I don't go to bars often) and would have asked to sit outside had it not been so warm and humid out. Is there an outdoor area? I don't know and didn't ask. I ordered the passion tea and didn't like it. Yuck. It tasted like...I'm not sure.....dishwater?
3	Great for beers, sports, and greasy bar food. Very dark inside, but a massive patio with more sports. All in all a bit above average and a good neighborhood haunt. Great for kids especially after a day of sports.
4	They have very nice wings, and a very cheap pool table. Nice patio to sit. Service is fast. They also have cheap beer specially at happy hourWifi usually doesnt work. Very noisy,
3	Service is great, but food is blah. I got the tacos and it looked like a blind person took a bunch of ingredients and threw it on my plate. No presentation or care. I guess you go here for the atmosphere more than actual dining experience.
3	i go to Zipp's once a week. The servers are awesome, fast, and friendly. Zipp's recently changed up their happy hour menu, not a bad thing at all, however prices have seemed to vary on Kettle Vodka a new happy hour drink being offered. Two weeks ago it was $4.50 a glass last night $5.00 a glass. It might have been an error but be consistent. Breakfast is now being served, its awesome, my favorite is the skillet that's loaded. A recommendation I have though is grilled chicken skewers for an appetizer instead of breaded. Many people like a more healthy food choice these days instead of fried and greasy food. I will still go to Zipp's because of the great service and happy hour specials, however would like management to change up the menu a bit for those who like to eat a little more healthy.....Just havesome  options, I know they can't please us all, however most places at least try to have an assortment.
2	This is a hard review ..... On the one hand the zipperitas are great .... And some of the happy hour prices are goodHoweverI have yet to have good service at this location, every time you order the servers make it seem like you are putting them out and are never very willing to be helpfulI also do not think they have never changed the fry oil since they opened
3	The server was nice. I was excited to return and have a second round of the Chicken Foccasia wrap. Well, it wasn't nearly as good this time. Half of it was dry, as the sauce seemed to be sloppily distributed, the way I might expect a burrito at Taco Bell. Come to find out, it wasn't even the same thing I'd ordered last time. According to the waitress, there are a few different types of this dish. A piece of information that would have been useful when ordering, and without myself knowing this, how did they know which one I wanted then? I'm glad it was as good as it was the first time or I'd never return to try this item again. Now that I know this item comes in different varieties, I'll probably visit again sometime and make sure I order the correct one.
3	My family and I went here for linner and I would first like to start off by saying the environment is made for entertainment and watching the game. Def good with that! The reason I did not give this zipps the full five stars is because my boyfriend received a hamburger that did not taste pleasant to him at all. He is not a picky eater so I knew he was being genuine. My burger was completely fine and had no problems...until I got home. Let's just say both of our digestive systems were not happy. Otherwise, our waitress was friendly and the manager came over and took my boyfriend's burger off the bill.
4	My favorite Zipps location out of all of them. They always get my order done correctly and takeout is always piping hot when I take it home. Their wings are their go to staple, delicious, flavorful, and I love them extra crispy.Another favorite item of mine is their mozzarella sticks. This spot is great to watch any sports either indoors or out in their large patio.
5	Robin is a waitress at Zipps who has taken excellent care of me every time I've visited. I have nothing bad to say about Zipps aside from the fact that it's not good for my diet ;)Overall, great place. Very happy with zipps.
