3	This is a big store.  Then again, it seems like every store these days - at least in Charlotte - is a big box, so maybe that's not a surprise.  I recently was in the Petco by Concord Mills, and the two are very different.  While Petsmart is more of a warehouse feel, Petco leaves you feeling like you're in more of a local store.  Whether the Petco is actually any smaller or not I don't know, but it actually feels that way.Petsmart makes you feel like you're in a massive store, with similarly large aisles, and some of them have product that looks like it's been there for some time, dust and all.  I often compare the two to Home Depot (Petsmart) and Lowes (Petco).  I don't know if it's accurate, but Petsmart just seems to be a bit more warehouse-like to Petco.You can get what you need in both stores, so it often just comes down to what you feel about the experience.  Petco is put together a bit better.  Staff at this location especially is nice, it just leaves you feeling a bit more like you've sold out to another of the corporate giants is all.
4	As others have said, yes this is a "big box" retailer with the vaulted, exposed ceilings and obviously corporate-mandated color schemes and decorations.  But there are also a lot of great, helpful people who work here and you can normally find some pretty neat things.Seeing as how we just have a dog, I rarely wander to the rest of the store. They offer an assortment of products and run sales each month.  Lots of toys to choose from, medicines, and a groomer if that's your thing.  They also sell the brand of dog food that won't upset Hans' tummy (a hard one to find sometimes). I appreciate that at the checkout you are given the option to donate to pet adoption funds.And it's fun to be able to take your pet inside a store with you shopping.  It makes me feel rebellious.  Dated, yes. National chain, yes.  But also convenient, big selection, and decent prices.
1	I will not shop at this store again.  While they do carry what I need - a prescription dog food needed for my dogs' digestion problems - they refused to sell it to me without a "prescription card," which I did not have because I just moved to Charlotte and my new vet had not yet mentioned any such thing to me.  It was a Sunday and my vet's office, like just about every other professional practice in Charlotte, is closed on Sundays.  The kicker is that they sold it to my father two weeks earlier without a prescription so the problem isn't that they won't make an exception to their silly policy, but apparently that they just didn't want to make an exception for me.  Either way, it's dog food...and expensive dog food at that.  Do they think my dogs are going to become addicts or something?  No thanks, I won't be returning and giving them my money for all of the expensive dog food that I purchase on a regular basis.  I will find another supplier.
2	I don't know why we continue coming to this location!!!!!! Every department seems to be: how should I put it " Lazy" . Definitely will try another location... ;(
3	It's PetSmart - what do you expect?  Run of the mill shop tucked back in and off the main drag off Independence, this PetSmart has everything your furry, scaley, or feathery companion may need.  They often have some sort of training, or activity too, so it winds up being a great place to kill an hour with a toddler.I didn't catch the guy's name, but one of their staff members had epic B.O.  I mean eye-watering, make you gag, are you kidding me, body odor.  Hopefully they sort that out, because the worst smell in that place should be coming from the animals, not the staff.Don't let that deter you however, it's a fine store with all you need for your pets.
