1	I cannot tell a lie. 0 stars!!!! Everything about this place is a joke. The other review on this page done by Devon H. is a false review . Devin H was the assistant manager for Symphony apartments. It's a joke that they have resorted to posting reviews themselves. Before you go wanting to move into this place check every review site you can find. Please do your research. Maintenance here is a joke, this place is falling apart. You will spend weeks trying to get maintenance to fix things wrong in your apartment. Management is so rude and unfriendly. they will not deal with anything unless it is a financially beneficial for them corporate had to step in to deal with our problem. Some of the Neighbors are just as rude, they will allow their pets to roam free and ruin your patio furniture . Do yourself a favor and steer clear of this place. We spent 4 months in this hell hole before paying whatever price we had to to get out plain and simple. Yelp is making me give this place a review a star review. the only reason I'm giving this place a star is because I have to.
1	Alliance owned properties ... no thanks. You did such a bang up job robbing us at Broadstone Apartments that I will never live, own, or opperate with any Alliance property. You want nearly a grand for the property at Symphony Apartments and not only was your office staff rude and un polite while showing us the grounds, when we asked who manages you and you stated Alliance we both laughed out loud and said no thanks, with snide comments being said about us as we walked away. Do not deal with Alliance.
1	I broke lease to get out of this place.Devon is an Employee of the property, if this is her, and I believe it is, then her 5 star review is not to be taken seriously. I hate dishonesty, rating this place as an employee is really as dishonest as it gets. NOTICE HER TITLE SAYS SHE LIVES IN PHOENIX!!!!! Symphony is in Chandler!!!Kyle M nailed it without ever living here. Also see the filtered reviews, they are very important to read as well, below.Symphony was simply the worst living experience in my life, and I served in the Persian Gulf twice.On at least two occasions someone had attempted to pry open my front window.My wife's car was vandalized twice.My neighbor's car was broken into twice.My other neighbor was robbed of all of their valuables.I video recorded a breaking and entering on my neighbor's apartment with my surveillance system that I had installed for fear of my wife's safety. I paid for an alarm system after three different people of the multiple staffs told me that if I wanted an alarm, I had to get my own, even though the brochure clearly stated an alarm system was included, the one in my apartment was missing most of the components.The staff turned over several times in the year I lived there.I could write a book on my misery while living at Symphony, never again will I live in an apartment due to this horror. Trash dumpsters overfull nearly every week and the people that live there would just dump their trash on the ground instead of lifting the lid to dispose of it, (nice innercity ghetto feel). I had anywhere between 5 and a dozen people living in the next door apartment at any given time, stomping up and down the stairs at all hours of the night. I was threatened many times, had racial slurs yelled at me (yep, I'm white) by these same dirty dozen scumbags. I personally had to call the police to come on property at least 6 times over safety issues with these racist residents. I reported this apartment to management at least 20 times over the problems and quantity of people living there, nothing was ever done, they still lived there in December 2012 (maybe still do?).The staff(s) has/have been dishonest, rude, nice,  arrogant and condescending many times. Being honest, half of the time they were nice or pleasant to work with, but rarely with results.Due to the mismanagement of the service department, I had to replace my air filters, shampoo the carpet upon move-in (it was filthy), repair both toilets flappers and flush mechanisms (they both ran nonstop), the refrigerator broke costing me over $100 worth of groceries, the dryer duct was plugged and when maintenance came they made a huge mess 5 times before it was repaired (not once cleaning up after themselves, they sprayed stucco all over many of my belongings ruining a few things), the sliding glass door would not lock complained for 8 months before it was fixed, the sink in the kitchen leaked complained for 9 months before it was repaired but too late the cabinet beneath was rotten and stank like mold. The caulking in the shower created mold within a week's time, the air conditioner ran constantly due to the leaking walls making our electric bill astronomical and the water bill is outrageous it was ridiculously higher than living in a house with a fully watered landscaping. The water and electric bills were higher than my 2,800 sq ft house.I had removed my previous review of this complex due to a deal struck with the manager, she was very nice and professional, but she then reneged on part of the deal, so am I reviewing again. I slept on this decision for 6 weeks and It makes me sick to go back on my word, but it goes both ways. I am keeping my word to not publish my "Symphony Apartment Experience" website with the entire history of my stay including over 100 photos and several Police Reports.Nothing I have listed is exaggerated or made up, just the facts, I wish there was a place to the photos that I have including the scummy neighbors flipping me off, all of the repair issues, the disgusting garbage facility, the ghetto vehicles in the parking lot, the disrespectful ghetto kids that roam the property at all hours of the day and night.If you value your safety, your belongings, your sleep, your sanity, your sanitation, then this is not the residence for you.The facility is OK, it's the constant staff turnover and other residents that ruin the place.There are many more issues but you get the point....
2	The apartments are being renovated but the staff is still rude. They definitely need customer service training. The act like they are doing you a favor by speaking to you. The maintenance crew still needs work it does take weeks to get someone in and it usually takes a few tries before they get it fixed correctly. The grounds are well maintained and the people I have met were nice enough. Really just needs a different management company.
1	**RENTER BEWARE**After moving out of my apartment I received my move-out statement. There was a charge on there I did not agree with so I contacted the complex. I left voicemails, sent e-mails and even a certified letter with NO response. They completely ignored me. All I wanted to do was dispute a charge and come to a resolution with them. I sent a check (via certified mail so I know they received it) for the balance I was not disputing, they never deposited this check. Instead of contacting me about my dispute they sent my account to collections! Shame on you Symphony Apartments and Alliance Residential. No wonder why your BBB accreditation was revoked.
1	Stay away from Symphony apartments.The staff are very rude and unprofessional.The new manger has zero customer service skills.It takes them 3-5 months to replace a light bulb.Management and the manger will harass you and your guests.You fill out   a maintenance work order nothing get fixed.All maintenance crew do is drive around in the parking lot.Stay away.
4	I love living here, haven't really had any issues. Work orders get done within the day, they offer bug exterminators every Monday which is awesome for summer and the pools/units are fantastic!
1	Worst place I've have ever lived! I am shocked that this place is even running still, the office staff is completely rude and ignorant. We had a neighbor for over a year that lived  above is with four children and a man up there making the loudest noise ever, we repeatedly went to the office and called complaining. Yet the office never dealt with the situation, finally I called the police one night and told them of the noise complaint and the man upstairs came down banging threatening me and my family trying to push his way through the door into the house... The police almost arrested him. I had to notify the apartment to try to get him evicted (note:all his surrounding neighbors have complained his children went to the extent of throwing rocks at all the windows and broke vases)... He has parked his car so close to mine to threaten me that I couldn't even fit between the two cars... I took all of this to the office and nothing was done.... Seriously!!! All of that and they tell me to be cautious and move my vehicle down all the way to a different spot... Even though I pay for covered parking!!!! They told me to watch for him and don't talk to him! After him and things never ever ever getting fixed and rude staff, please save your money, time, and effort to a community who gives a crap about their occupants!
1	Apparently my review was removed. Shows you what cowards operate this complex. More over, I spoke with my previous property owners because I became so friendly with them in Nevada. Got a wonderful insight about what to do with this nasty situation. We are actually at a glorious legal standpoint. I'm confident that we will help others before they rent from this place. Thank god for my OCD and exquisite documentations/photographs. We are blessed.
1	This apartment complex is like putting lipstick on a pig.  It's still a pig!   I had a tiny shower -no bath tub !  Every now and then a pipe would drip rust while I was taking a shower !  Cracks with plaster all over every ceiling !  The funniest thing is when it came to renewal they wanted to raise my rent over 100 dollars?     I said goodbye and now live at elevation which is brand new with stainless steel appliances and no rust drips in my shower !   If you think this place is awesome ask to see your apartment
1	1st it's not luxury, not even close. 2nd, front office staff is a joke. You can find better for the price, I can't wait until my lease is up and if we hadn't relocated from out of town. We would just move and pay the penalty. Worse place I've  lived except for when I was a poor kid!
