4	Here on opening weekend for a friend's birthday. Super fun place, kiddos having a blast. Neato addition to the neighborhood.
5	SKYPARK IS THE PLACE TO TAKE YOUR KIDS IN THE ARCADIA AREA!My daughter loves going to this place with her friends, & I love taking her there!She gets to hang out with her friends in a safe environment & also do an activity that is a lot of fun & a great work out!There is a great concession stand with real pizza from Mamamias (YUM!)There are comfortable couches & WiFi for the parents to chill while their kids jump.They have several trampoline rinks to jump & also basketball trampoline stations.They also have a foam pit!This place is the equivalent to the roller rinks our parents use to take us to 20+ years ago... I can not say enough nice things about the SKYPARK, & your kids will agree with me too!
2	I took my three small children here a few weeks ago. We have been several times to another trampoline park in Scottsdale but we wanted to try Sky Park because it is in the neighborhood. I can only speak to the "under 7 area" and the foam pit, because that is where we spent all of our time. We went during the week, so it was not crowded, which was nice. There were only three other children in the area, but one (according to staff) was the owner's son and he was allowed to jump with his shoes ON and climbed up the trampolines, which (also, according to staff) was not permitted. I was extremely frustrated by this, as it encouraged other children to do the same, then when they were asked to stop were confused.  The staff was young and, apparently, afraid to tell this boy that he needed to follow the rules that were implemented for the safety of all customers. I asked the staff member why she didn't ask him to take his shoes off and why she allowed him to climb when it was against the rules.  Her response was a timid "he is the owner's son."  The trampoline area was fun and I liked that they had big sofas for parents to sit and watch the children, but I was disappointed it didn't have at least one bounce house with a slide for the younger kids.  The other park in Scottsdale has an area with two bounce houses (both with slides) and a trampoline area just for younger kids, which is really perfect.  I hope that Sky Park will incorporate this. If not, I am not sure we will be back. The foam Pit was nice and well organized by staff member who insisted all the children jump one at a time and wait for the other kids to get out before they jump. He said weekends were "crazy" and he felt much safer implementing this policy. I was thankful for the attention to this and his work to keep it both fun and safe for smaller children. Another complaint - a sign (and policy?) that reads "no outside drinks including bottled water."  This is outrageous to me. If I am paying to bring my children, I am not going to pay $1 or more for each bottle of water. I understand it is an easy way for them to make money but it will discourage me from ever returning unless they change this policy to allow for water.  I understand not allowing soda, coffee, etc. because of the risk of spilling, but prohibiting water is ridiculous and a poor business decision.
4	Took my four-year old daughter here for the first time yesterday (Wednesday night). I've past by it before going to The Vig and thought it would a fun experience, trampoline park - equivalent to jumping on the bed, but probably safer. I checked online and apparently on Wednesdays they do a special, "two hours of jump for $10 with a slice of pizza." However, when we got there around 6 pm, the deal "ended." They probably should note that on their online website. I signed a waiver for my daughter and paid $8.75 (includes tax) for all day jump since she was under 7. There were three places she could play - the foam pit, the under 7 area, and the big inflatable slide. Since we went on a Wednesday night there weren't an influx of people. There were a couple of other kids her age for her to interact with and staff was always on sight at each section to ensure safety. We ended up staying for two whole hours! As for the me, there were couches at each station. Comfortable couches, and wifi which helped keep me entertained. Overall, we would come again, probably not during the weekend though.
4	Took my daughter here today for her 5th birthday (they don't do a birthday discount - bummer). This is our second time here. Since it was a Friday, even though she was under 7, they charge by the hour (unlike the weekdays where it's unlimited). It was $6 for an hour, which I didn't mind paying, but the cashier told me if we wanted to enjoy the foam pit we had to pay an extra $1. Um ... last time it was free? She assured me that it has always been $1. Nonetheless, I paid because it was one of the sections my daughter enjoyed. We ended up paying $7.65 (+tax and foam pit). Not mad for an hour of jump time. I was initially going to jump with my daughter, but when I ask if they had lockers so I could lock up my personal belongings - they said yes, but the lockers had NO locks. Um - how is that even safe? Therefore, I didn't pay to jump because I didn't want my wallet to get stolen, but towards the end I put my purse in sight and jumped a little with the birthday girl. Overall, still a great experience and will definitely come back!
5	my three kids love this place. 16 year old hangs out with friends the 11 year old does the same and the 5 year old does his own thing in the under 7 section. someone said it was like jumping on the bed only safer. i agree. its fun. i did see the sign that said no outside food or drinks including water, but if you are a parent it seems it doesnt apply. i saw lots of starbucks cups around but only where the parents were waiting. over all a great place to go, and its in the "hood"
2	i've been to this bounce place twice, thanks to my overzealous groupon buying. ha. i'm not thrilled with this facility for a few reasons.first, the incredibly young staff is far more concerned with checking their text messages than actually supervising anything. granted, nothing major happened. but the kid in charge of the dodgeball area took calls while he was supposed to be working and the kid at the foam pit was playing with his phone instead of watching. i'm not sure i saw a single employee over the age of 21.other issues: the skypark is fairly small. the long trampolines don't have that much bounce. younger kids can't jump in the biggest area. it's really annoying that the foam pit costs extra. and it was kind of hot in the building.on the plus side, you can jump wearing just socks. i guess that's the only thing i liked about this place. so i won't be back.
5	We love Sky Park! I read your review Candy T. It really depends on who you talk to here and "How" you talk to them. You can pretty much get them to do anything you want if you talk real sweet to them and act a little dingy about it. They let me do a birthday for my daughter with only 5 kids, bring my own cake order our pizza from where ever we wanted to and they still helped us out by putting our cake and ice cream away for us and helping with the presents. They gave us $1.00 off per kid for the party and we got the foam pit (which I'm not a big fan of) and let us stay 3 hours! Also on regular days they usually let us stay an extra hour and I just tell them, "the lady up front said this included the foam pit too" and they just let my kids play in there. I know, It's beating the system, but hey, It keeps us coming back to keep giving them money in which they wouldn't have had had we not come, right?P.S. We can all sit on the sidelines (if we don't want to work out with the kids) and work on our i-pad's or computers while the kids have fun! It's really great...
4	Was here for a birthday party and had a blast. It is a really fun place and all the staff members were wonderful. The only drawback is I can't trampoline like I used to. Sigh to getting old.
1	Mgmt couldn't be bothered to open on time...fifteen after and still waiting. The employees and customers are all standing around outside. We will never come here again. Last time we were here for a birthday party and the pizza was an hour late. The kids didn't get to eat.
2	Second terrible experience here. Management just doesn't seem to have it together. Waited for thirty minutes for someone to arrive to open the store. Previously paid for a party here and the pizza was delivered about two hours late, when guests were leaving.
2	Yeah, this wasn't the highlight of my recent outings with my kids.  There was so much wrong that I'll just try to sum it up.  Firstly, I came here with my neighbor and husband and all our collective kids.  We arrived as they opened and we parked in the parking area right in front of the SkyPark.   And despite that when we left we discovered that we got a warning in the form of a parking map on our car window implying that we weren't supposed to park there if we were attending the church next door; what the heck??  We went in and I had to sign a waiver that basically said that if my kids kill themselves here on a broken spring, torn fabric, etc. even if it's clearly the fault or failure of SkyPark, that I won't hold them liable for anything, ever, period.  In fact, I'm fairly sure that if one of their employees had snapped and whipped out a machine gun and killed everyone I would have also signed away my rights to legal recourse for that event too.   It definitely not a litigious type, but when the establishment is going out of their way to say no matter how badly screwed up our equipment is, if something happens with our haphazard, poorly maintained equipment it's not on them I get very suspicious and it makes me hyper vigilant about everything.  Indeed I saw reason to be hyper vigilant too.  There was evidence that this place is poorly maintained and struggling, badly.  I saw torn spring guards, ripped trampolines, AC units dripping condensation into 55 gallon trash cans, caution tape draped across whole sections that were off limits, and evidence of general deferred maintenance everywhere.  I directed my kids to the least threating looking area: a foam pit in the back corner, and made a mental note not to come back here.  Then the kids announced they were hungry so I ventured to the almost bare concession stand in the back and asked about the pizza for $14 they advertised on the marquee above the concession stand.  The bored employee texting on his cell phone looked up long enough to tell me that I needed to just call Mama Mia Pizza in the shopping center and order one since that's where they order their pizzas from anyway.  Confused, I confirmed with him that the process to order a pizza for my family though the SkyPark concession stand was just to call Mamma Mia Pizza and order it myself?  Yep.  That's correct.   Okay, so I'll call Mamma Mia Pizza....  (Review continued at Mamma Mia Pizza)
1	Very annoyed. Booked birthday for 10am. For 15 5 and 6 year olds. The place is closed. Did not mention that when we made booking.
