4	This is my local pho spot on the Plateau.. Ohhh and they now deliver :)  They're always consistent and I find the prices good for a Vietnamese restaurant. The food is is fresh and I know I can count on a good bowl of pho when I'm craving it. Broth is usually flavourful and they also have great Bun. I'm glad it's around the corner from me!
2	Mediocre.
5	This is simply one of my favourite places in the city! Doesn't hurt that i have a love affair with asian food but i can truly say this is one of the best Vietnamese places in town. They serve many other type of dishes like pad thai ,  pho soup, fried rice and other typical asian dishes - however i specifically go there for the same type of meal which is a bowl of Noodles with grilled chicken/beef or/and shrimp ! With that comes a salad and the most delicious spring roll EVER! They have a patio during the summer and is situated on St-denis street, right in the heart of Mont Royal neighbourhood ! I've been here many times with different people and i ( or anyone i've been with ) have never been disappointed.A good place to know in town!
5	My family was visiting me recently and in the two weeks they were here,  they went to Wok n Roll three times. We were all charmed by their delicious grilled lemongrass chicken/pork, crispy noodles (my sister's favorite) and general tao chicken. Their simple salad was always fresh fresh too, although the pad thai was not great and I don't recommend it. I think I will be a regular there from now on. It's good to know that there is hope for good and reasonably priced Asian food outside Chinatown. Plus there is a nice terrace!
3	Cheap and easy lunch. Slow service. Food was mediocre. Got quite busy at lunch. Great patio, was perfect for people watching along the busy street. Asked for gluten free options but the waitstaff was unsure about what that meant.
2	Food - Rare beef, classic pho. Broth was bland, noodles stuck, beef wasn't right. Spicy sauce on the side disappointing. It was pho but not the best I've ever had.Service - MediocreAmbience - Not too hot on a Wednesday night
