1	My Waffle House excursion was the result of jokingly saying "Let's go there" and then somehow being taken seriously. Literally feet from the front door and I was ready to turn around. In case you were wondering what happened to the cast of Dangerous Minds with Michelle Pfeifer and Coolio, look no further; I've found them. After about ten minutes of trying not to stick to the menus, our waitress walked over and said "You ready?" But I wasn't ready because I was too busy trying to figure out what on the menu couldn't be made by a five-year-old with an EZ-Bake oven. Everything is a variation of grilled cheese, except for the waffles which I daringly tried because the pictured portion looked plentiful and I figure, if I have to go to a Waffle House, might as well try the namesake. After what I can only imagine was five minutes spent microwaving a frozen waffle, I was given a plate of grid-like moosh and a plastic packet of butter resting atop it. I HATE when people put things that they've touched with their hands on my food, but at this point I just wanted to eat and leave before the utter disdain imprinted on my face upset one of the Wrestlemania fans sitting behind me.I can't NOT recommend this place enough. It's on par with Denny's in terms of pricing, but you don't even get what you pay for. And you might get stabbed.
4	I love this Waffle House, not only is it close by but the staff is great and the food is good...
4	The thing you have to remember when you come here is, you get what you pay for. If you're expecting caviar and fine dining, this is not the place. If you're expecting a meal cooked with lots of extra love (and by love, I mean tasty grease lol), then you've come to the right place. Another thing to remember: you can't judge a book by its cover. Just because there are people in the restaurant that fit your stereotype of bad patronage, doesn't mean anything about the food that the restaurant serves. We, by the way, didn't witness any such trend in the people eating at this restaurant.We stayed at the Victory Inn Hotel, which was literally right around the corner from the restaurant, for Dodger's spring training a few weeks ago. Over the course of the weekend (yes, we visited this place more than once!), we tried several items on the menu, each time being pleasantly surprised. The Waffles were all amazing: banana nut, buttermilk, strawberry, you can't go wrong! The Texas Cheese Steak Melt was scrumptious! The hash browns were crispy and tasty and eggs were just right. One of the times we were here during the day, we had an awesome waitress named Yankee who kept us laughing the entire time! Another good thing about this place is that it's open 24 hours, so if you're out for a night on the town and hungry when you're heading back, the Waffle House is a great place to stop. LOVE this place!
4	It was good
4	Good food and value. Nothing fancy. Greeted nicely and seated immediately. Menu and drinks followed. Breakfast was good. I had the sausage and 3 eggs over easy, hash browns and a side of biscuits and gravy with toast and jelly. I will go back. They also have an all you can eat menu.
4	I've been to two Waffle Houses.  Both had great service, and the food was fine.  Tons of it for cheap, which makes me question the quality.  But, in the end, it's a waffle with chocolate chips, so I won't be too concerned about health.Easy parking, nice people working.
2	This location I've found to be seriously hit or miss. As a truck driver, I am used to the quirks usually found at the "Awful Waffle" as we fondly name it, and this location is full of them. The one thing I have noticed is in the past year the business has dropped off dramatically .... which is interesting as there are no less than two trucking companies using nearby hotels for orientation. This "captive audience" should be making business boom. It is not a good sign when drivers will not patronize a Waffle House.My main problem is that a certain team on nights do nothing but gripe and moan about the customers, their coworkers, and life. I also heard a number of very crude comments made on the sexual orientation of several customers. In the meantime my waitress was so busy talking and eating I finally offered to just get my own coffee.The food was very well cooked both times I stopped in (I did want to give this place the benefit of the doubt), but better for takeout unless you stop in when Jen is waiting tables. Now I look through the window to see who is working before deciding to stop and eat here.
3	Good food for the price, and one of the better places that is available late night. This location is in need of serious cleaning. Which is the ONLY reason why I'm giving  3 stars and not 5. The best food and great service doesn't make up for filth when it is dead in the middle of the night / early morning and there are employees standing around.
4	Always friendly, great food. Need to work on cleaning - air vents and bathrooms. They focus more on the area behind the counter.
3	Well...we (5) stopped in around 9:30am and all the tables were taken but had only a short wait. We ordered a little of everything... from biscuits and gravy to waffles and pork chops and omelets. All were ok though portion size was considerably smaller than I remember from our last visit. Nothing really good nor bad and service was ok too hence the 3 stars. Actually I should give give my son Jeff an extra star for picking up the tab. Thanks son! :-)
1	This place was ok until I went in the other day. The cook didn't wear gloves when grabbing my bacon from the fridge. When I complained n walked out he had the nerve to shrug his nasty shoulders and say "oh well." Stay away from this location.
4	Whenever we're in Phoenix visiting family we stop at the Waffle House at least once. We enjoy the waffles, eggs, and bacon. A delicious way to start a day of shopping and hanging out.Laurel, our waitress, was both friendly and attentive. The waffles were just as expected . . . warm, tasty, flavorful and abundant. The hint of vanilla brings it home for me everytime. In fact, I use no topping so as not to dilute the robust waffle flavor. Scrambled eggs. Perfection. Two eggs scrambled on the grill. Not overdone. Fluffy, and delicate.Glass of orange juice. Heaven.
4	If you are coming home from a concert, driving across town, you are drunk, or you like old style diners then this is the place for you.
5	Great food great service need to change the cooks attitude about everything. The whole time all he did was complain about how busy he was when their was only four other customers besides me. He was rude to the servers and kept cussing about every little thing. Seriously if five customers have him this wound up what does he do on sat and sun mornings.
5	This place is awesome for a quick, hardy meal. It's not the Ritz, but they do a fabulous job with the basics. Everything tasted fresh, and of course is made to order. My meal was cooked precisely as I ordered it, as was my sons chocolate chip waffles and bacon to go.It was interesting to sit at the counter and watch the entire staff interact with each other. It is obvious that they all like each other and get along. The entire tone of the restaurant reflected that.Mastercook Twan did a great job with my food, and Tina the waitress had a wonderful and genuine personality. Both offered up genuine conversation and sincere smiles.
1	Oh no no no !!!  never going there Ahh! or any Waffle House.....  I went with my wife to try it out , it looked if we went back to the 50's . The kitchen was so dirty, only two people working there the Cook and the Waitress. I order the Waffle , it took 20 minutes to be done, while waiting in the back room the waitress was smoking where all the food is stored.. I was like wait a minute, the cook called her for my waffle , then she tells me is the waffle brown enough touching it with her hands ...  this is a Twilight Zone Moment ... sorry , but never and ever stepping in a Wackala House !!!
3	The food was good, very good but the place is annoyingly small. Our group was 6 people and they crammed us into a small booth that did not fit us all at all. What annoyed me the most is that they sat a group of 5 into a table that would have for us much more comfortably, plus we got there before they did yet they sat them first. Also their hot sauce selection was limited to Tabasco, Tabasco sucks, at least throw some chalula or tapatio out there for those with discerning taste. The grits were good as always, service was ok, table was sticky and we had a very rushed and uncomfortable meal.
1	My husband and I just arrived. We haven't even received our food and already feel uncomfortable. The chef is 10 ft away talking negative about our order. Just because we don't eat eggs unless they are hard boiled. "Who eats hard boiled eggs?" he says. Obviously us. I love waffle house but I won't be back to this location.  #notip
