4	i could have been dining in ny or sf.  well, with french subtitles anyway.my parents used to frequent mess hall as they live right around the corner.  with the new swanky digs, brasserie central shows lots of promise.warm lighting and sienna toned indian artwork, the food is tdf.uber cute tin buckets for uber cute teeny seed buns. i never eat bread or rather rarely eat bread but i just had to try it.  it was too cute!menus on clipboards in either french or english...our table was super boring with 3 orders of the special of the day.  it was a divine pork medallions on a bed of caramelized onions with a puree of celery.  my parents didn't care for the celery but i scraped it off like a scavenger.  who does pork medium rare?  well brasserie central does!  we paired it with a pinot noir from new zealand.  owned by a highly regarded chef teamed up with an impressive pastry one, we had to sample a dessert.  i asked for a house specialty and was given a layered parisian pastry with salted caramel butter and buttermilk sorbet. dee-lish.  a wee tough on the wallet but central is worth the splurge.men do come dine as i witnessed quite the number of ladies partaking in a culinary voyage.  our friend who was the chef at l'express told us to check this place out, if that isn't a ringing endorsement, i don't know what is!
5	I just had brunch here.  Excelelent. Lot's of brilliance in this rarity in Westmount.  The brunch menu was so interesting and the dishes were delicious.  GOOD:  This place has a lot of good things. 1.  Coffee-great cup of espresso.  Clean and elegant.  2.  Eggs with truffles and braised beef-this was excellent.  The presentation was wonderful-in a mason jar-and the eggs and braise were perfect (could have been more salt-but oh well).  3.  Pain perdu-wonderfully made with brioche.  Light and delightful.  Perhaps could have put the caramel and yogurt off to the side. 4.  Bacon-this is probably the best bacon of any restaurant in the city-better than Maison Publique (they cure it themselves) and Lawrence.  5.  Service-incredible and friendly.  They let me in 15 minutes before opening time-no snooty rule fascists here. 6. jambon serrano-incredible qualiyt serrano with a great machine.  This serrano was better than the Iberico Bellata that I have had here in Montreal.  The machine was amazing. 7,  Eggs for children-they made a children's egg dish for my daughter, she loved it.  They only charged $5 for a "children's meal".8.  Price was great for this quality of food-$12-15 per dish.9.  Bread was free (unlike Ritz's new Daniel Boloud restaurant).  10.  Homemade rhubarb orange jam.11.  Great butter.  (Salted-though I like sweet butter better)12.  Presentation-great.13.  Ambiance-great.14.  Service-fabuolous.  NO angry people here.  What's with Westmount?  They need some angry people to ignore you.  NEEDS IMPROVEMENT:1.  Baking-the baked goods have a ways to go. Chocolate cake and madeleines are not yet there. (The homemade bread, however, was very very good).  2.  One cup of coffee was so-so.  According to the waiter, it was a different coffee person for the first cup vs. second. RETURN:  Absolutely.  I want to try the buckwheat pancake dishes which looked compelling. MENU:  I would have liked to see the dinner menu be a little less Canadianized (at least in the naming of their dishes).  But I am not running a business, just eating.  Even so-I am pretty confident that Thierry's amazing talent will shape things beautifully, and I look forward to trying the dinner menu.  REVIEW IN GAZETTE:  Strange and questionable.  Whe was trained in France and got kind of irritable that it wasn't a classic Brasserie with sauerkraut, sausage and mounds of seafood.  And she compared it to four of the best brasseries in Paris.   But if you look at her other reviews on French restos-she doesn't hold them to Parisian standards (they wouldn't be close).   And she doesn't get snooty about divergence elsewhere.  She reviewed some Japanese restaurants that seem pretty Canadianized (all but 1) which to me don't have much semblance to japanese food (the exception was Jun-i which has a lot of great things going for it).      Maybe she ordered the wrong things; she ordered spaghetti in a French Brassirie-enough said? She was snooty about "too much truffle oil".  Us non-snooty (I am pretty snooty) eaters LOVE truffle oil.  I can't afford real truffles, and I love the next best thing.   A person who loves "Japanese" restaurants (owned by Vietnameses) that serve "California Rolls" should not get all uppity about truffles.  I get irritated by overly snobby reviewers.  But I get more irritated when they don't know anything about some of the foods they review. (She obviously knows French cuisine and has the training and background to review it.)  But I think maybe her pickiness was in overdrive.  But who knows, new restaurants have kinks to work out.
3	Brunch on a rainy Sunday. Interior is nice. Service was excellent. Coffee- Meh. Our entrees looked nice- they appeared to be made with all fresh ingredients with good technique, but the flavors were disappointing. How could something that looks so carefully prepared be so uninteresting in the mouth? I mentioned to the waitress that my buckwheat crepe (which was cooked perfectly) was cold inside (I don't think they warmed up the ham in any way before filling) she kindly comped our coffees. I only ate part of my breakfast because I just got bored about 1/3 of the way through.  I would go back in hopes that the other dishes would have a more more interesting balanced flavors.
5	Finally a great neighborhood restaurant in Westmount!We come almost every Saturday night and we love the casual, yet elegant ambiance. The lovely staff cannot make you feel more welcomed. The Chef offers an original twist on classic French brasserie dishes made with fresh and local ingredients.Unlike some previous reviewers, we find the price/portions ratio quite reasonable. The dishes are well executed and beautifully presented. This is not the kind of cookie-cutter restaurant you go if you want to "stuff" your face. Brasserie Centrale is a fine-dining restaurant with a neighborhood feel. We love it!
5	The ossobuco here made me forget that Revenue Quebec exists. It's that good. And I make damn good ossobuco, so this is a big deal coming from me. It was served on this barley risotto that was also to die for. I am literally salivating as I write this. When they first opened, I thought the food was hit or miss, but in the past year the food here has been delicious. I've eaten here about 6 times in the past 12 months and literally everything I've had from their prosciutto to salads to dessert has been perfect.The service is great. The waiters are on their A-game and Paolo, the owner, is not just amazing with food and wine suggestions but can also do Elvis impersonations (you'll only see this if you are really really lucky).The decor is simple and beautiful and the vibe is like a classic French bistro but more friendly.  It's definitely the best restaurant of it's kind in Westmount and I'd even venture to say that it's seriously up there for spots west of St-Laurent. Plus they are open until midnight every night (even Mondays) so it's an awesome place to go to for later eats.So yeah, you should eat here. It's delicious and fun and lovely and you won't regret it!
2	Although my food was pretty decent. The service was horrible. My friend and I went there for lunch around 1 on a Friday. She ordered a glass of wine and the turkey club. The waitress said that there was no more turkey already! She also said they had no more if that type of wine for lunch hour. That they were keeping all the wine for the dinner menu?! I've never heard of this before?! My friend had to take the burger and got charged for extra cheese and bacon. I took the salmon which was good but considering the service we won't be going back! Also, don't expect to have oysters for lunch it's only on their dinner menu.
4	Westmount is the Beverly Hills of Montreal and our Brasserie meal with mussels, duck confit, lobster risotto and prosciutto with Parmesan has been delightful. Having fun in Montreal
4	If you're with a group of girl friends in the Westmount / NDG area and you want to sit outside and have cocktails and bites that are delicious and pretty what are your options really? Brasserie Central is what we came up with, and we weren't disappointed. The duck drumsticks were fingerlicking lipsmackingly delicious, crispy and saucy and super good. The Aperol Spritzer was a big glass of alright. The white sangria was too sweet for my taste, and the service was a little spotty forgetting things here and there, but generally kind and friendly. The room is nice looking, the patio is sunny with a roll down shade when you need it. Lots and lots to appreciate.
5	Definitely recommend this place! I study in Mariano and close to this restaurant. The manager was so patient. I ordered butternut squash soup with coconut milk. It was fabulous. The crab cake was fantastic. Since I was alone and with small appetite. I couldn't order a main anymore. For dessert, there were chocolate pot mousse and pudding cake with hot caramel sauce and vanilla ice cream. Heard pudding cake would come in big portion so I chose chocolate mousse. The mousse was average. Definitely going to come back and try the jampon and the dessert!
3	I was excited to check this place out, as menu seemed awesome, and located in a place without this type of offering. But we went on a Saturday at 3:30pm, and the kitchen was closed, which we found kinda weird. I guess we should've checked first, but still strange a bit we thought.So, we wanted to sit outside (lovely seating in the sunny breeze) then to just have cocktails, but apparently Westmount law doesn't allow you unless you get food, despite a closed kitchen, but one thing was on offer: slices of ham from a large ham that was sitting in the middle of the warm room with one or two flies buzzing about it (no joke). Anyway, we decided no ham, and sat inside then. We asked for a cocktail menu, but were told there was no cocktail menu, so we just ordered two Bloody Caesars. They tasted unbelievably good, but there was hardly enough vodka in them (couldn't taste it at all/no buzz from the drinks at all). We decided to just leave after finishing them and headed to Burgundy Lion, on the way out, we noticed over a dozen little cocktail menus standing on a little tray by the door and menus, and thought it was weird that we were told there was none.Cute little place, but we felt very underwhelmed due to a slight pretentiousness it carries, and the general feeling we got from the clientele. It caters very much to the wealth of the area rather than objective quality. Service was friendly, but that seemed more fueled by comfort of high tipping clientele rather than genuine care.We probably had a uniquely off experience, but I doubt I'd want to return anyhow. Westmount can feel weird and elitist and cutoff from society in general, and this place embodies that feeling.
3	I was really looking forward to enjoying the tapas that was described by previous diners. Overall, my husband and I were underwhelmed. The clams and shrimp were very good, the fig with cheese, cod cakes were good but the duck legs we found bland and greasy. There is no salt or pepper on the table probably because the food is already quite salty.  What was most disappointing was the service. It took a while before our drink orders were taken, then too long before they were brought to the table.  We were never asked if we wished another drink, an opportunity lost.  Too many excellent restos in Montreal - at this price point, we won't be back.
4	Nice cool place with a Euro brasserie feel to it. Great Portuguese and Mediterranean food with a modern twist. The weekend brunches are fantastic.
1	It is a cozy restaurant with a very Westmount crowd but the food is below expectations and a bit pretentious. The seafood soup I buy in IGA is much tastier. I would not recommend it.
