5	Today was my first time here. The place is a older but quaint place. We were greeted right away and after 5 minutes we were ushered into a room. The doctor came in right away....which was surprising, because we generally have to wait 10-15 minutes at other places. The doctor came in and we immediately started discussing what was going on. I felt that the doctor actually listened to our concerns and instead of just jumping to a conclusion/treatment right away, there will be tests done. We have a follow up appointment next week and until then hopefully the dog gets better.
5	The doctor called and he told us to stop by and pick up wipes for our pug for FREE! Pugs have lots of folds and sometimes they get infected, so it was nice that the Vet called us to give us a big sample of wipes for his wrinkles. Definitely 5 star treatment here!
5	they took real good care of our Lucy cat...and were very professional and honest.  very small location, so don't be fooled or put off by the front.
5	The clinic staff is wonderful, very seldom have I waited past my appt time, and the doctors obviously live their clients. The clinic is clean, and they have informative posters that are actually interesting. The doctors always give me several treatment choices, understanding that sometimes, sadly, cost IS a factor. Easy to get to, next to a Dominoes, so if I need comfort food it's handy! Lol
5	My family and I have been coming to Mauer for years and have always been happy with the attention and service that we get for our furbabies. I am a serial "caller at the last minute with some minor emergency" and they ALWAYS get me in, which I greatly appreciate. They are very patient with me, considering my "emergencies" are never really emergencies,  and just the result of my craziness and penchant for worrying too much over nothing. I love Dr. Wesen and Dr. Morgan, and their office staff is wonderful. The building is old and has been there for probably 35 years, so don't expect anything fancy, just know that great things can come in very simple packages.Recently, my husband and I moved to Mtn's Edge, so I decided that I was going to try to find a vet that was closer to our new home, so I took my stupid ass and my sick kitty to the horrible Dr. Herr at BLUE DIAMOND ANIMAL HOSPITAL, which was a HUGE MISTAKE. After spending almost $500 on bloodwork, it took almost 2 weeks and a threatening call from the Nevada State Board of Vet Medical Examiners to get those lousy schmucks to release my cat's lab results to me so that I could take Diva back to a REAL vet at MAUER. Dr. Herr misdiagnosed my cat, telling me she had a bladder tumor when she did not, obviously trying to bleed me for  thousands of dollars in unnecessary treatments and ultrasounds.  Needless to say, I will never stray again. I included this information in this review because Blue Diamond Animal Hospital sucks so bad and they are not on Yelp (LOSERS!) so I could not give them the nasty, scathing review that they deserve. Rant over. Thanks for listening.Anyway, if you want a great vet, who respects you and your pets, does their job thoroughly and with integrity,  go to Mauer. You won't be disappointed!
4	Clean and professional animal clinic- I'll admit it doesn't look like much from the outside, but they offer a great level of service. I live nearby and they were able to take me in first thing in the morning at a half hour's notice. We came in, filled out paperwork (you can find it on their website to speed up the process), and waited just a few minutes for an exam room to be available.The doctor we worked with was Shayne Randall- pleasant, thorough, and gentle with my furry friend, I would work with her again. Front office staff are also polite, prompt, and understanding. Brought my cat in at 8AM and had him home with a diagnosis, medication, prescription food, and a follow up appointment, by 4:30PM.Pricing was reasonable, but I would appreciate it if more of the charges were explained- was told the fees for urine testing (~$40) and x-rays ($100) but was not given the opportunity to decide whether my pet was given an injection (~$40) or what the general exam fee was ($50), on top of my other charges. Just a heads up that they do push the Hill's Prescription Diet pet food.
1	so I take my cat there because he could not go to the bathroom they tell me it would cost me $303.00 so I said great my old vet charged me $600.00 my sister told me to go there ya right so I leave him on Saturday go to pick him up on Monday and they charge me $802.00 for an enema and some fluids never called me with the price change had to find out when I got there got him home still could not go went back had the nerve to charge me $88.00 more said oh I guess we did not get it all out well why did I pay you $802.00 for took the  cat home still could not go so I had to take him to a real vet to fix him stay away from these crooks they are bad news never Again and on top of that when I picked him up half of his hair was missing from across his back asked what happen they came up with some bogas cat hair disease stay away bad news !!!!!!!
