4	Great addition to south hills. Recently opened. Hidden in the courtyard of a shopping / office complex. Small trattoria with limited outdoor seating. BYOB. Owned by a husband and wife team. Food was great and service was excellent . Only gripes.. small seating area , only take reservations for a party of 6 or more and I felt the food portions were a bit small. Definitely give this place a try.
3	Nice little Italian place.In a courtyard setting with outdoor seating.  BYOB for only $5, very reasonable.  Love it!Steve Gota the owner/chef greeted us and introduced himself.  Later he made his way around and talked with us about many items, the reason for the name, where he had worked before.  Also, has someone in the kitchen who is good at handling the kitchen.  For an app. had the stuffed banana pepper with hot sausage, was good but not really that hot.   The salad that came with the meal was very good, fresh with an nice vinaigrette dressing.  For the main course had the Linguine Pomodora that had fresh tomato, fresh mozzarella cheese, and shrimp.  Very enjoyable.  Portion was just right, not to much.  W tried the ravioli, and was very pleased.Waitress was pretty good but took forks when done with the apps. and said she would get clean forks, but forgot.  Ravioli is homemade, other pastas are homemade by a local friend.The have an Arpino Cannoli that is out of this world!  On pizzelle's with cannoli cream that must have some great ricotta in it.  Wow it was delicious!
5	My wife and I had dinner here about a week ago. I was most impressed with the triangular shaped penne pasta and sauce and find the meatballs are some of the best I have every had. My wife enjoyed the antipasto with fresh "real type" mozzarella and salamis. We enjoyed the  atmosphere because it was a comfortable and romantic spot. I really like a place when the owner comes around and introduces himself, It is quite refreshing and not your typical Italian restaurant. We will definitely go back again.
5	I have been here several times since my first review. Although, my two gripes still remain... Limited seating area and small portions ( I am a big eater , so this only counts for me ) , The customer service and quality of the food is outstanding . Great place for a homemade Italian food and remember to bring your own bottles of wine ;)
4	Very friendly staff, home-made ravioli, beans & greens were incredible.  Great Italian BYO spot!
4	I  had the pleasure of eating dinner here this past weekend with a group of six.  As I had never been to Arpino before, I was surprised by how the small the restaurant was.  Even though it was small it was still nicely lit and tastefully decorated.  Upon arriving at our reservation time we were told that our table was not yet ready and were sent to the bar next door with a note from the owner to give us free drinks.  It seemed odd but I enjoyed the fact that it was creative solution with a good result.Upon returning to the restaurant I proceeded to order the Linguine Pescatore.  Prior to dinner they served a bread and oil which ended up being a good thing as our dinners would take about 45 minutes to get to our table after ordering.  We also received our side salads at some point early on in that time.  Whenever my dinner finally was served I thoroughly enjoyed it as the pasta was good with the  fair amount of seafood which paired nicely with the saltiness of the capers.  I also was able to taste the penne vodka which was exceptional.The bottom line for me is that this was a nice little BYOB Italian restaurant that I would like to eat at again.
3	Little place inside, table and chair was cramped between tables on each side.  Maybe they should turn the table to chair against the wall, it would create a little more space.The Linguine Pescatore had caper sauce with shrimp, calamari and clams was OK, but the calamari was over cooked and very rubbery.  Tasted the Tri-Penne & Hot Sausage Fra Diavolo and really enjoyed this more.  The pasta's are freshly made by a local pasta maker and are very good.  Remember the desert from our last visit, the Arpino Cannoli is great.  Cannoli cream on pizzelle's.
5	Tucked away in the back of a small shopping center in Mount Lebanon, Arpino Trattoria is an oustanding small restaurant serving authentic Italian fare with creativity and a healthy dose of love!Bring a bottle of your favorite wine and enjoy great food in this cozy little gem of a trattoria@Enjoy.
5	Amazing food & a friendly staff.  The pasta is all home made.  My wife had the ravioli and I had the Penna Fra Diavolo and we loved both.  The pricing is reasonable and portions are a good size.
3	Though the cuisine seemed pretty traditional Italian to me, I was suprised that Arpino had a modern, ladies-lunch decor and a fairly small dining room.As with other reviewers, I was pleased with the attentive wait staff.  I certainly felt taken care of- at no point was I out of water or bread, and the waitress even arranged for a special menu request without charging me any extra, as I assumed would have happened.Despite my love for the atmosphere, the food didn't quite make the grade.  My zucchini rollatini was serviceable, the side salad a nice touch, but the bread that came as an appetizer tasted like it came fresh from a bag and the pesto that I had ordered as a side just tasted kind of sad.I wanted to like this place more, but it just wasn't happening for me.
4	U know, I think I like it better for lunch.  An associate set up a little business lunch and brought some wine, too!  The restaurant was not very busy, so it was quiet.  A good place for a business lunch.  Service was great.The lunch menu has a couple of apps., salads, homemade soup, and about 10 sandwiches some pasta and desert.  The Manhattan Calm Chowder was good.  The Italian Calamari PO-Boy was really good.  The calamari was lightly breaded, topped with arugula, some cherry tomato, and spicy aioli.  The calamari was cooked perfectly, tender and very tasty with the spicy aioli.  We split a Arpino Cannoli which is two pizzelles with cannoli cream and chocolate sauce.  Delicious!
4	Warm atmosphere, wonderful food.  Had the special--pumpkin ravioli--appreciate the seasonal nod to autumn.  The staff is exceptional--genuinely welcome--as they are all over Italy!  BYOB w this home style food makes all the more like you are in someone's home.  Will go back!
5	I recently went to Arpino Trattoria on the recommendation from a friend from work.  I had just recently returned from a trip from Italy, and I can sincerely say that the food rivaled the food I ate while abroad.  The restaurant is small and intimate.  The chef came out to check how our meals were, and the other patrons seemed to be having a great night out.  Altogether, the entire experience was one I'd recommend to anyone!Enjoy!
4	There's really nothing to complain about here. This is a small place off the beaten path with awesome food. The staff is more that adequate and the prices are fair. Perfect lunch place.
5	First and foremost the food here is excellent. The place is quaint with only a few tables, so definitely make a reservation. They also accommodated our toddler very well, so kudos to them for that. I believe they are BYOB. My mother in-law and I split chicken parmesan and this delicious zucchini roll thing. The zucchini dinner was to die for. I will definitely be ordering that for myself when I go back. My husband had a spicy dish that was on special for the evening and he enjoyed it as well. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone and I'll definitely be back.
3	This is one of those times that I really wish I could give half stars. I've been to Arpino close to ten times. This review is based off of two recent visits following a 4 or 5 month hiatus. My husband and I joined another couple for dinner at Arpino during Pittsburgh winter restaurant week. I was excited to try the 3 course fixed price menu. No one else at the table decided to try the fixed menu and I wish I had not. The meal started with an appetizer which consisted of what I would describe as a thick cheese sticks with prosciutto. The prosciutto added a slight salty flavor to the dish which took basic cheese sticks to another level. The entree consisted of a chicken thigh/leg over rissotto with a rosemary cream sauce. The chicken was juicy and tender. The rissotto was the perfect texture but definitely lacked flavor. I missed the rosemary in the rosemary cream sauce. Overall, I was a little disappointed. I ended up stealing several of my husbands penne vodka off his plate to satisfy my desire for flavor. The 3 course meal ended with a cranberry walnut torta. This was the biggest disappointment of the meal. It honestly tasted like it was bought at the local giant eagle. Overall, I did not feel that this meal was worth the $30. My dining companions seemed to enjoy their meals much more. Despite my disappointing experience, I decided to give Arpino another chance when the recent snow storm prevented me from traveling across the city to where I had made reservations. So, I called Arpino and was able to get a reservation for 6 the day of, probably due to the snow. This time, I thought I would stick with what I know. I ordered the sicilian grilled strip steak. I found it odd that the steak does not come with a side. Just a thin 6oz steak and a small salad as an appetizer for $20. Seems a little steep to me. So, I added a side of penne vodka (my favorite menu item). The steak was a bit dry and small. Out of 6 ounces, I could eat maybe 4. The rest was pure fat. If my steak is only 6 ozs, I expect to be able to eat all of it. The penne vodka was delicious as always. The pasta is tender and cooked perfectly. Although, I can't confirm this, I imagine that the pasta is homemade seeing the penne is in the shape of a triangle not a tube. The table also ordered the cookies for dessert. We were presented with a nice selection of fresh, tasty Italian cookies. The perfect amount for a small treat to satisfy your sweet tooth at the end of the meal.  Overall, Arpino is a nice place. The service is good, the owner always walks around and introduces himself, there are casual tables outside in nice weather. But, the food is inconsistent. Some things are incredible while others are meh. If you're looking for good pasta and awesome vodka sauce, Arpino is the way to go. Otherwise it's hit or miss.
3	My husband and I came here on a recommendation for a special occasion. The seating area is small, but cozy. We made reservations based on the web site's recommendation. When we got there it was fairly empty. We were seated quickly and given our menus. The waitress working that evening was very nice. We were given some sliced bread (I'm guessing an Italian loaf) and olive oil to dip the bread in. It was OK, but nothing special. The bread wasn't warm, and both it and the olive oil were unseasoned in any way.We did get the roman style riceballs for an appetizer. They were really good - although I can't say the risotto had a particular flavor to it, I think it was mostly the cheese at the center that made the dish. Either way, I'd order them again.It took a little while for the waitress to come back and take our order. I got the carbonara with shrimp (an extra 4 dollars) and my husband got the penne with vodka sauce.When the food came out I was disappointed to see that the extra 4 dollars I paid for shrimp only got me 4 shrimp. The carbonara was really salty,  maybe the combination of pecorino romano cheese and pancetta was too much for my palette. Either way, there was A LOT of pancetta in the dish, not much sauce to speak of, and the pancetta seemed  like it hadn't been cooked for very long before being put into the dish. It surprised me how much fat hadn't rendered out of it during the saute process. It didn't really have any color on it to indicate that it had carmelized or anything.I've had carbonaras at other places, and have always really enjoyed them, so I was surprised to not care for this. There was only the pancetta and onions in the dish, and a bit of the sauce. Salty and boring.My husband liked his penne okay, but we both agreed that we probably won't come back to this place.
5	Arpino's is a charming spot, I've dined there now three times and have consistently been impressed with the quality of the dishes - home made tastes better & it shows in their cooking! Call ahead for a reservation, the gracious hosts are sure to accommodate you. I haven't had a meal yet where Steve, the chef, doesn't come and personally ask how your meal was. (PS - It doesn't hurt that its BYOB too!)
5	Charming little BYOB tucked away in Lebo.
2	Less than average at best.  Found this restaurant only because we had stopped earlier at another business in the shopping center and decided to try it out.  The service is excruciatingly slow only because the kitchen is horridly slow and the restaurant wasn't even busy.The bread was the first disappointment, soft Italian dough with unseasoned oil.  Yep, just a small dish of olive oil with nothing in it.All of the dishes we ordered were bland and under seasoned.  The tomato bruschetta could hardly be called bruschetta at all.  2 cherry tomatoes on a crust of bread with oil and a sprinkle of cheese.  Wedding soup had dark meat chicken and a dark bitter tasting broth.Linguine Pomodoro was saturated in oil and butter.  Chicken Parmesan was bland and the marinara sauce literally looked and tasted like Campbell s Tomato soup with some puree added, no joke!  Had requested a side order of Linguine, but the owner apparently drenched in sweat from his brow, would not accommodate us.Do not waste your time, food like this is not worth the price they are charging.  Will not return again and would not recommend!!
5	My wife and I ate at arpino last nite and let me tell you guys...it was terrific.that atmosphere was grand the food was fantastic and the service was impeccable..thank you arpino for a great dinning experience...you guys will be seeing. Us real soon.
3	My wife and I went with some friends here last night based on another friend's recommendation. The first thing you notice, before you even get inside, is how out-of-the-way and obscured the place is in its back-of-the-very-back-of-the-lot shopping center. You really do have to want to find it. The service was quick, the atmosphere was cozy, and our waiter (Regis) was very nice. The food was good, but not great. We ordered some rice balls with marinara sauce that were...good. Since rice isn't exactly the boldest tasting food, the sauce needed to stand out. It was - say it with me - good. Not nearly flavorful enough. I then ordered penne with hot sausage fra diavolo. The pasta was made from scratch, very nice, but it was a bit too heavy for my liking. The hot sausage was on the bland side, and the sauce, while (again) good, was too broth-like. A pleasant experience, and I wish them well, but unless the food improves it won't be a place I go to very often.
1	I wrote a review a month ago  ---- low and behold it never appeared, Why? Whatever this restaurant serves average at best food ---  Be very careful to observe the 2 hour limit ) even  if their are empty tables available. You are much better off  at Deblasios or the Olive garden   AT LEAST THEY ARE NICE TO YOU--- and actually the food is better.
2	Let's start with...  they are trying.  I made a reservation for 7pm, 2 people.  My son decided to join us so I called and asked to add a third and they could not accommodate us.  No big deal since it was an hour before our reservation so I figured it was a long shot anyway.  But to my surprise they called me back 5 minutes later and told me they had a cancellation so they could take the three of us.  We ordered the stuffed hot peppers to start.  The sauce was good, the peppers were small but tasty.  My wife ordered the eggplant rollatini, son ordered the special cheese tortellini and I ordered the linguini with clam sauce.  The were all average at best.  A step above OG and the other Italian places that focus on volume not quality.  I am amazed this place finishes 3rd in the Pittsburgh magazine readers poll.  In summary, good not great, but they are trying.
4	Arpino Trattoria... What to say.Living in the South Hills of Pittsburgh, I had never heard of it in my life.  I researched places close to my office, and thought, let's go!It is in a strip mall kind of, very far off of the main road past the parking lot so extremely difficult to see (not likely to be stumbled upon).  Parking is free!We came a friday afternoon for lunch, and it filled up.  We sat at one of the outdoor tables and it was absolutely lovely.  BYOB BYOB BYOB BYOB!  (Personally, BYOB's are always a bonus. So good!)SO -- BYOB!  Every single dish that we had was phenomenal.  Our waiter was fine, he was quite slow, but we were in a slow mood which was nice.  I highly recommend this place for a lunch or a casual, long dinner.  Extremely reasonable prices and quite generous portions, in addition to high quality ingredients.Allow Arpino to bless you.  Bless yourself with your own beverages.  Bless us all.
4	I was in town visiting for my birthday, looking for a relatively nice, but also relatively affordable, restaurant to celebrate, we stumbled upon this place (well, stumbled online, unless you were going to another of the businesses in the shopping center you probably wouldn't stumble upon it in real life). All I can say is that we were very satisfied with our meal, and extremely satisfied with the service. The dining room was full up, as it's fairly small, but there was immediate seating outside and they lit the heaters to keep us warm from the fall air. We had both our server and the hostess check up on us constantly and talking with us, they were both extremely friendly. We started off with the rice balls in marinara, which was quite tasty, and plated cutely. My friend got the pasta in vodka sauce, and I got a special which was chicken, potatoes, mushrooms and asparagus in a white wine cream sauce. My portion was pretty large, and I was able to take the remainders home. We had a Lemoncello gelato for dessert, and as it was our birthday they gave us free Lemoncello shots. All in all, it was a very enjoyable birthday dinner, especially for a place we just found an hour before hand. While the food was good, it was really the service that made this place stand out for me.
4	I was here for lunch.  To start: Brittany was my server and she made my dining experience quite enjoyable.  If I were eating Luma based solely on her service, she would receive all of the stars.   Brittany is very professional and very sweet.  I started with the Moroccan/Couscous soup.  It was flavorful.  I enjoyed it.  I wasnt overwhelmed, however I would certainly have it again.  The Grilled Romaine BLT was good after I had let it sit for a while.  I'm not a fan of salads that are ice cold(as if they were pre-made and placed in the refrigerator.) All the ingredients were a bit too chilled for my liking.  The salad turned out to be good.  I also had the Portobello Caprese Sandwich.  It was good.  Overall, I had an enjoyable experience.  Prices are a bit high for lunch, but other than that, all is good.  I would not consider Luma to be one of my favorite places, but I'll certainly be back for dinner.
