5	I had  Dave Levan at Assure perform an inspection on a house that I purchased about 2 years ago.  I was living out of state at the time, and wasn't able to attend the inspection. I was *VERY* impressed with Dave's attention to detail during his thorough inspection.  He e-mailed me a very comprehensive, detailed report, complete with specific photos of the problem areas of the house.  It was light years ahead of the reports that I've received in the past from other inspectors.  He made me feel very comfortable in the fact that the house had received a lot of attention during his visit.My wife and I are moving again, and I knew that I had to have Dave inspect the new house!  I was able to attend this inspection (local move this time) and got to spend some time with Dave.  He is awesome, and as I expected, very detail oriented.    He spent 3 hours inspecting the 1630' house that I intend to purchase.The office staff at Assure Home Inspection has been very helpful when I've called, and IMO, they run a very professional and reliable business!
5	The owner Tom Sanders and his team run a VERY tight ship as Assure. As a real estate professional, I am extremely particular about vendors when asked by buyers or sellers, since my reputation is on the line with who I suggest. After having used the Assure team many, many times you can rest "assured" that the inspectors  know what they are doing, what to look for in a home inspection, and have the ability to educate the homebuyer on  how severe or minor certain items really are. They are also some of the best trained inspectors I have ever dealt with, and are continually keeping up with the latest in the industry to serve their clients. I am never disappointed and every inspection I have scheduled has shown up on time and provided the best service possible.
1	Our realtor recommended Assure.  After some brief checking about the company, my wife and I had no reason to go against the realtor's recommendation.  My first bit of apprehension started when I asked to be present for the inspection and to be allowed to shadow inspector while he did his job.  This was mainly for my own piece of mind about the flipped property we were about to purchase.  I was dissuaded from being present.  I could have forced the issue but had no reason not to trust their integrity or ability.  During our walk-through with the inspector, after he examined the house, he provided us a very concise, professional and helpful report, complete with pictures and explanations.  He gave the house an outstanding thumb up, finding just a few minor issues.Fast forward two weeks.  It was our first full day in the house and we had several contractors working around the house and in the attic.  One by one they contacted us with moderate to more than one major issue that they discovered just walking the property and attic.  The issues included duct work damage, water/dry wall damage, electrical work out of code and HVAC issues.  Mind you these contractors were not there to address those issues; they simply observed them as they jumped out to someone versed in the construction business.  This type of thing continued for approximately 9 months and expanded to include plumbing, additional electric and roofing issues.  Every time we had a worker discover a new issue we heard the same mantra, "Didn't you have a home inspection?"  We are now over $10,000 into the house just to fix issues that other contractors agreed should have been easily found during the initial home inspection.  The most disappointing part of the story is that after getting our realtor involved, who had used this company for years, the owner, Tom Sanders, refused to contact me to discuss what I thought was an inadequate inspection.  After more than two weeks of arguing, Mr. Sanders finally gave in and left a voicemail on my phone.  I returned his call less than an hour later, got his voicemail and left a message.  I never heard back.  To this day, and after several angry calls to him, he has only ever contact me once to discuss the situation.
1	In my experience, we received a negligent home inspection and equally negligent 'customer servicer'. Our realtor recommended Chris as a top notch inspector, Chris did his run through and it all seemed pretty thorough but when we asked how the a/c was looking he said he couldn't access the roof 'due to the height'. Both my wife and I found this odd, it's a 2 story townhome with a flat roof - not sure why that was a huge challenge. Anyway, the realtor said to just get a First American Home Warranty and our a/c would be covered. Sounded reasonable, so we let the roof/ac go uninspected - huge mistake! The HOA is re-roofing the complex and inspected everyone's roof exactly 4 months after we moved in. They advised us that our a/c unit had exposed wiring and a hole that needed to be patched to be up to code. Home warranty wouldn't help because technically it was still working - not panicking I called Dukes of Air (they've earned their 5 star yelp rating) to do the basic repairs. Sadly, what the guy found up there (accessed easily using a marvel of modern technology - a 30' ladder) was a hot mess - I wish I could add pictures. Our a/c had exposed wiring, was leaking water onto our roof, and had a massive hole in the side of it that birds were using to access our ducts - feces everywhere! Yep, in addition to the reduced efficiency because of the hole, we've been breathing in air that is passing over piles and piles of bird doo doo. The only choice was to replace the unit, and fast. Very disappointed that our licensed home inspector didn't bring this to our attention before we bought the place. So $4800 on the cleaning and new a/c unit...all totally avoidable had Chris felt it was prudent to inspect the unit (the AZ AHSI Standards & Practices clearly indicate that the inspector will assess both the condition of the roof and the a/c unit). I will also point out that he inspected a home a friend of mine made an offer on in Gilbert, and same thing - he advised them he couldn't inspect the roof of their 2 story single family residence because it was too high. Here' the thing, during the inspection the a/c would not even turn on, which clearly indicates an issue. I recognize that inspectors aren't a/c experts, but Chris' write up suggested we 'have the a/c evaluated by a qualified inspector'. This is all well and good, but had he even taken a single photograph to share with us, there is no way we would have wasted more of our money to have another contractor out, we would have simply advised the seller's that they needed to replace the unit as a condition of the sale. Had they refused, we would have withdrawn our offer...don't think we needed to spend more money to know that thing was on it's last legs. So essentially, a major appliance didn't turn on...and rather than inspect the unit, the pumps, the ducts, and everything else clearly laid out in the ASHI Standards he thought it best to leave the job to someone else. What's most upsetting is this - I've called Assure every day for over a week and am consistently told that the owner, Tom, will call me back. Nope, not a word. Yesterday I got the cust service guy to give me Tom's cell # and email. Left him a message and sent a detailed email including photos. Also requested my money back, that $275 I paid that clown will help me a whole 6% towards the cost of the new a/c unit. NOTHING. Not a word from the owner. I advised him I submitted a Better Business Bureau Complaint, still nothing. Is this for real? You would think that the owner of the company would want to know that his Senior Inspector did not feel it was necessary to provide a thorough inspection. Nope - evidently Tom is too busy to care about valid customer complaints. It was embarassing, the a/c installation guys were literally laughing out loud that the inspector woudn't climb a ladder to look at the a/c. I called several local competitors and they all said the same thing - of course we would inspect the a/c, this is Arizona, if the inspector needs a bigger ladder or an extension he/she would pick one up. One even mentioned that the a/c not turning on is a big red flag and they'd definitely want to get a closer look. My recommendation - go somewhere else, anywhere else - I did not receive what I consider to be a thorough inspection and I was completely ignored when I tried to voice my concerns. Hope this is helpful.UPDATE: The owner, Tom, finally responded to my email. Honestly not the response I had hoped for. He lit me up and is 100% standing by his employee...stating that because the a/c did not turn on, we should have heeded his inspector's suggestion and had it inspected by a different contractor. He's missing the point, had the a/c been looked at we would have had all the info we needed to proceed as educated buyers. Very disappointing. Oh, and Tom was out of town for 6 days, yet no one in his office bothered to mention that to me during one of my daily calls. And naturally no refund.
5	I am writing to thank David Levin for doing a terrific job handling my client's home inspection.  David is very good at his job, his quality of work is outstanding.  David handles the nervous first time buyers with "kid gloves".  Explains everything to them and makes them feel at ease. I am very happy to have David as my Home inspector as he is an Army Veteran.  His work with the organization of VAREP is great.  He goes out of his way to help a Veteran all the time.  I highly recommend David Levin for you next home inspection.Bill Salvatore Realty Executives EV602-999-0952Founder of AZVHV
