5	You can't go wrong using these guys!  They fix all you electrical and Data problems.  They work on huge projects but they still care about the little ones too! Don't feel like your wasting their time for such a small job.  They will be there on time and will have the solution your looking for!  I highly recommend this company, and after you use them-you'll see why!
5	I have used there service for electrical work at one of my rental homes.  They are quick, reasonably priced, and very good at what they do.  That is exactly what I hoped for!
5	Woke up recently, went into my home office & poof! No electricity!  Thought it was a breaker, wasn't.  So I called Scott over at Micor, he sent a technician out right away, and after following all the possible problems, found a short and ground problem outside, which was causing half the house to shut down.  Got it fixed right up.  Great response, great service, very reasonable rates!  Thanks Scott!
5	It is no secret that I am not very handy around the house.  I like to tinker but when electricity is involved I tend to not deal with it.  So, when my backyard floodlights weren't working, I knew I needed professional help.After a quick Yelp search I found Micor and decided to give them a call based solely on their reviews.  They sent a person out to my house within a half hour and had my lights working not long after.The best part is that I wasn't even home.  I arranged it all from my workplace.  Sure it was a little bit sketchy having a stranger in my backyard doing god knows what because of a problem I probably described poorly.....but it all turned out ok.  I tested the light after I got home then called their office to pay.I hope I don't have any electrical problems in the future, but if I do I will call Micor.
5	I need a outlet put in my garage. I called Micor and Ronnie called me back a little while later. He came to give me an estimate very quickly and were reasonable. After my esitimate, he did the work immediately. If you mention yelp, you get a little discount. I would highly recommend this company.
