4	I've been waiting for this place to open up for a while now since there was a post in the talk thread about it opening up August 8th. My brother works right next door, so every time I'd visit him I'd walk over to check if it was open yet, but it wasn't. I guess it opened earlier this week, so I finally got to come in and check it out today. The handles on the front doors are a letter "H" and a letter "I." I thought someone screwed that up and put an "I" instead of a "C" for Holley's Cuppa, but that's not the case. It was meat to spell out "HI." Pretty welcoming huh? When we walked in there were two crew members, the owner, and a couple of the owner's friends sitting at a table. The crew members greeted us and one of them started talking about their coffee. He said they make it the freshest way possible by grinding it up upon order and brewing it right there. It sounded very tempting, but it was so scorching outside that all I wanted was an iced tea. I asked them what flavors they had and they only had regular black tea, but they said they could make green tea if I wanted. I opted for the 24oz black tea for $2.40. It took about 5 minutes to get my order because they probably didn't expect anyone to be coming in to order tea. I was surprised to find that they didn't put much ice in it AT ALL. Most other places fill the cup to the rim with ice, so you never get that much tea. There was a very small amount of ice  just hovering at the top of my cup and the rest was all cold tea, so you really get more bang for your buck here. The decor was nice and simple with dark mahogany wood and a lot of neutral colors. I really liked that they weren't blaring their music because I normally go to coffee shops to relax, read a book, or do some homework. I noticed they even had a small library and a section toward the back with some more tables and desks with outlets right next to them! One of the main problems I have with "free wifi" shops is that they never have any outlets to plug your laptop into. That is not the case with Holley's Cuppa.All in all, I'm excited to move back home and have this as my go-to study spot. It's just a mile away from my house and it isn't very crowded at all. Next time I plan on trying their coffee and staying a bit to read and use their wifi!
4	I'm from Seattle so I'm always in search of a good coffee house.  Before moving to Las Vegas, I lived in San Jose, CA, and in the area nor here are few and far between.  However with the exception of San Francisco they do have several decent ones.  I was looking for an actual coffee house, nothing commercial like Starbucks or any of the drive through coffee chains.  However I always need my mocha fix and I can always depend on Starbucks to be consistent, plus the drive-thru is pretty convenient. When I was working I would go everyday, there were times I'd go twice in a day.  So when I found Holley's Cuppa on Yelp, which had a couple good ratings, I couldn't wait to come in and try!  I live 10 minutes away, so I was excited.I had to be in the Mountain's Edge area so I thought I'd kill 2 birds with one stone.  Since it was almost 8pm in the summer, I knew it wouldn't be busy.  It was pretty empty when I walked in, and if I recall they had a couple of leather couches to lounge in. There are a few photos posted here that shows you the rest of it.  The place is nice and clean.  They try to create an evironment that is inviting, and a place you can lounge and socialize with friends, an alternative to a bar.  I was greeted by CeCe who informed me on how they grind the beans customized to you.  Which is a real nice touch.  Each drink is made especially for you.  However I was ordering my mocha which they have different beans for.  CeCe had to direct the barista on my order so I was a little hesistant on how she would make my drink.  You can tell she was new at it.  CeCe and I chatted and told me that they had just been open for 7 days, and was already getting a great response.  I didn't realize how new they were.  We talked about Holley's concept about bringing in some live music, maybe open-mic stuff, like you would find at some of the coffee houses in Seattle or San Francisco.  They have a few wifi stations, and plugs for your laptop.  To me it still has a little of that strip mall rental space feel to me, hence not a 5 star.  Maybe through time they can build a little more character in the space.My mocha came out frothy as it would from a coffee house.  It had a good balance in taste of the chocolate and espresso, which is just what I've been looking for.  I am happy they're here, and hope to stay.  I am sure to be coming back on a normal basis when I get the craving and don't want the usual Starbucks.
5	******I SPELLED HOLLEY WRONG SO GO TO "HOLLEY"S CUPPA"******This is exactly what Mountain's Edge needed! I consider myself a coffee snob and was so happy to find that Holly was on site serving up the premium beans in her coffee creations.  They have been open a week and listening to her, she is no slouch in her knowledge of coffee beans and roasting, blending. The patio is great and the decor inside good too. But the heart of any coffee shop is the coffee and she has that nailed!
5	I love Holley's Cuppa!!  I have to comment on her delicious drip and, gasp, the water process decaf which is not decaffeinated with formaldehyde like other 'bucksy places. Thank you, Holley!!  I'll keep coming to get another Cuppa!!
4	Brilliant place for a nice cup of tea/coffee.
5	I reviewed this under the wrong spelling, (my bad) but wanted to review it here in the correct spot too. It is great to see a non chain coffee shop open and especially on the south side of Blue Diamond in Mountain's Edge.  I give five stars because Holley, the owner, and her staff are absolutely knowledgeable and passionate about their coffee. That is what the BaristaBots at the chains are lacking these days. The coffee is a great Roast that delivers body and flavor. Great patio and comfy reading chairs make this a destination! Their cup by cup preparation of their drip gives the customer the freshest cup of coffee they will ever have!
4	Cece is an absolute rockstar.  She remembered me after only coming into the shop once before, actively samples in order to get the new business going, is super friendly, and is quite knowledgeable on both coffee and tea products.  Her great service and competence is the main reason I'm writing this review; in fact, I might just steal her for my own coffee shop :PThe shop itself is quite cute, and a welcome addition to the developing area of Mountain's Edge.  I'd like to see some more originality and creativity in the flavor department as far as the lattes and such go, but their basic coffee selections are awesome.  Each cup is ground and brewed as you order it.  My one and only gripe is the tea department; I'm a huge tea fan, and the selection is a bit limited and not exactly unique.  Hopefully with time, the tea menu will expand.Great job!
4	We had our bimonthly Yelp Book Club meeting at Holley's Cuppa tonight.  I had an iced Chai tea latte.  It was excellent!  The space is great for a small group to gather and discuss.  The staff is very friendly and efficient.You can have a single grind coffee made for you. There are jars with different beans and you can get the aroma of the beans and choose.  They then grind enough for one cup and you have it.  I'll have to try that next time.The staff cut up two of their pastries and brought them to us to try.  They were great!  I bought a couple of scones and I know I'll be back when I'm in this area although it's out of the way for me.Thanks for the suggestion, Paolo.
5	Awesome coffee, Great Baristis and relaxing envrionment. Mad props to the owner for setting up this great coffee shop!
5	12oz of hot, yummy goodness with a kick of caffeine. I said to the barista "I just want a good cup of coffee." She smiled and said, "That's what we do." Then she asked what type of coffee I liked (medium roast, not too strong) and let me smell the corresponding jars of coffee beans. I selected the highly aromatic Costa Rica beans and about 2 minutes later I had a freshly brewed classic cup of coffee. Perfect. No cream or sugar required. Did i mention it was only $2.11?I would definitely recommend this place to friends. The atmosphere is laid back and inviting. The staff is awesome. So helpful and personable. Lots of high top tables and a comfy couch and chairs in the corner. A good place to relax and wind down or get your day started. Win.
5	Love their almond latte! It really works it kept me up not like Starbucks Too bad they open at 6am :(. Wish they opened at 5am
3	I wouldn't say I am anti-starbucks but lean more towards small business coffee shops and don't get me wrong, holley's has some of the best tasting coffee around but wowww they are SOOOO expensive. their smalls are smaller than a tall and just as expensive as a venti at starbucks. Please, lower your prices, I guarantee you will get a lot more business!
4	Its refreshing to find a neighborhood locally owned coffee spot over the everyday Starbucks brand.  Each cup is individually ground and brewed to your liking.Very relaxed atmosphere with several couches, reading areas with tons of books, and plenty of board games to sip through your cup of Joe.Def check it out!
5	This morning I got some friends together and finally got my sip on at Holley's Cuppa!  I don't know why I haven't tried it sooner because it's an easy drive to meet up with all of your friends on the SW side of town.  Upon entering, you're greeted by the pleasant aroma of morningtide brews.  Holley's is very tidy and super comfy, equipped with a variety of seating options.  Not to mention old school board games and a book trade shelf.  I noticed that they offer free wifi, so even if your friends aren't available, it's a great place to enjoy your coffee and bring your ipad/tablet.  Each cup is individually made fresh to order to your liking.  The people are extremely accommodating and welcoming.  I sampled the (hot) hazelnut latte, which was absolutely delightful.Our inaugural visit was on a Sunday mid-morning.  We enjoyed hanging out for about an hour in the peaceful atmosphere.  I can't wait to return and taste some of the wonderful recommendations of fellow yelpers!
4	I go to Holley's Cuppa to get myself a cup of Anthony's Cuppa: a large dark roast of coffee called the Heart of Darkness.  They do the barista thing and write your name on the cup: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xTlmLL2xZZ0xhZ2J16zXQQ?select=hVVvaISStmdV29HkPqeJpg (I was Antony that day).Quality coffee is to be had here.  I love coffee, and Holley serves the kind that doesn't need cream or sugar.  There's a certain charm that comes with getting a cup of coffee at a place like Holley's.  It truly is your own personal cup of coffee!  You start off by choosing what roast you want.  If you're unsure, you can smell the different beans they have and make your decision based on that.  They then grind the beans and hand pour hot water over the grinds.  No drip here!  Nothing like a real fresh cup of coffee.  Who knew a hot drink could be so refreshing?There are several seating options here, regular tables, hightops, benches and tables along the wall for laptops to plug into.  If you live in the southwest, Holley's is an easy recommendation on where to start your day!
5	Finally a coffee shop that I don't have to drive across town for.  Looking for a seasonal treat?  The pumpkin latte will satisfy that craving.  Drive through a definite bonus, but can't wait to sit down in what looked like a cozy cafe.  I was even lucky enough to have Holley herself wait on me today.  Do yourself a favor, support a local business AND enjoy a great cuppa joe while doing it.
5	Love Holly's!  Great atmosphere and the coffee is awesome too.  They even have a drive-thru!!!Holly is super friendly and will make you a great cup to go along with some tasty treats to munch on.The perfect neighborhood coffee house to sit and relax and read a book, play a game, or just hang out with some good friends.
2	I'm a little disappointed with this place. After reading all the positive reviews I thought this place would be a good option for a Sunday read. Since Borders closed, I've been looking for a place near home. LOVE Sunsrise Coffee at Sunset but living in the southwest I have to cross all city just to get there.Anyway, this place is very casual. Loved the tables with all the puzzles and chess boards. The general atmosphere is quite relaxed. However, the coffee is not that good nor the baristas. Coffee shops like Sambalatte or Sunrise really stand out for their main product: coffee. Everything else is a distraction or a plus. At Holleys is the exact opposite. The focus is the place not the product. I ordered the large latte. a few problems arose: first, they only had papercups for that size so no mug for me; second, my -large- latte was half freaking empty due to  foam (milk frothing newbies?). I actually had to return the coffee to have more liquid in my bevarage; finally, I had a Kramer moment because my coffee -after I returned it- was waaay too hot! theres a difference between tolerable  hot coffee and undrinkable hot coffee. I felt like going with Jackie Chiles and set up a lawsuit. Dont get me wrong, the place is OK. Service was friendly and home-made cookies were delicious. Being a caffeine addict, it was not the coffee shop Id expected.
4	I love this little place. It is very close to my home and it is a great place to go relax and have a cuppa. They have gluten free goodies as well but I wish the selection was a bit larger.
3	I haven't been here since August (when I left my last review), but I decided to come this morning to study for a while. When I walked in, the two employees on duty were talking to an older couple (friends, family, or regulars maybe?) and neither of them greeted me. The lady at the cash register just kept staring at me as I decided what I was going to order. I'm guessing this is normal here because when seven other customers walked in during a span of 30minutes, they were not greeted either. It was always the customer that would say "hello" first. The only conversation that arose was when I asked the cashier about the book she was reading. I really shouldn't be the one starting conversations, but it was just awkwardly quiet, like I was just an interruption to the conversation they were having before I walked in. By no means were the employees rude, but they just weren't very friendly or welcoming to the people that weren't their friends or family. The tea, however, was good, but it was just regular black tea in a bag, so you can't really screw up on that. The cherry scone I got was very soft and lacked flavor. I was really hoping to have another great experience here since it's only about a mile away from my house, so I'd be here almost everyday to study, but I was a little disappointed this time around.
5	Today's forecast was cloudy with a chance of rain. I took my chances and took my friend's dog for a jog. It might not have been bone chilling cold, but it was nippy enough to warrant the need for a hot drink. With all the construction outside, it was a task to get to Holley's, but do not pass it up.  I had my checklist for what makes a great coffee shop in mind, I entered the shop. A large Americano ($2.75) and a Fritter Bread Pudding ($2.25) was the perfect afternoon snack. If there was an award for a good Americano, I would give it to Holley's Cuppa. The espresso used is bold, slightly sweet, and does not get diluted by the hot water. The pudding is made with apple fritters instead of the traditional old  leftover bread. Served hot in a coffee cup, the presence and taste of butter is present in every bite. Originally, I only wanted to eat half and take the rest home. That did not work out according to plan because it disappeared quickly. One: good coffee check. Two: delicious treats check. Three: comfy leather seats to lounge in and read a book check.
5	So I ran out of coffee at my house this morning and was beginning to get a massive headache from caffeine withdrawal!  I had to go find a coffee shop fast - preferably not Starbucks. I drove past "Holley's Cuppa" and saw they had a drive through window so I thought I'd give it a shot. Mind you I am Italian and I am VERY particular about my espresso. It has to be strong, not burnt, not too acidy, no sugar, no milk, and with the natural crema on top. So it's really hard to find an american place that can do espresso well. Let me tell you - I was soooo pleased with the espresso I got this morning from Holley's! I was shocked it was PERFECT! I definitely recommend this place and will be making it a regular spot.
5	Been through the drive thru a few times and walked in for a to go order, but today was the 1st day I stayed and enjoyed my yummy cuppa joe. Great coffee, cool vibe and fun atmosphere. I love the decor, games and if I had more time, I would have loved to try my hands at the puzzle out for customers to put together. I went with my beau and he enjoyed it as well. It was a breakfast date so we had some grub- I had oatmeal which is awesome if you don't want something too heavy and my date had apple fritter bread pudding. Yes, it is as wonderful as it sounds. I HIGHLY recommend going to Holley's for your next caffeine fix.
5	If you go here, you will never bother with Starbucks again! I'm not a frufru overly sugary coffee drinker so I was pleasantly pleased with the 8+ different beans/roasts that were availble. They have all their beans in jars on the counter so you can see and smell them to decide which one you would like brewed. They also sell their beans by the bag to take home. I went with the lighter roast called Zoom, half and half and an equal packet. DELISH. I am excited to try others next time. You can of course add sweetened flavor shots if you want. I was also excited to see that they brew every cup to order. They pastries looked to die for. I went with a chocolate muffin and it was excellent. Very rich though. I had a tough time eating the whole thing over a few hours. Ladies, it's def a pms killer ;) The set up was very homey with lots of reading material. Large leather couches, game area for the kiddies, and a fully stocked book shelf. They staff was friendly and chatted with all of the customers. There were only 3 of us in there, the other 2 customers were obviously regulars. I felt nice to see the staff knowing the other clients by name. I can't help but support the small business, mom and pop type places. I will definitely be back soon!
2	Small ice coffee at this place is about the same price as a Frap at Starbucks. I got one anyways just maybe if it's priced that high it must be the best regular ice coffee I'm ever going to have ... disappointed. I've experienced better. If you planning to be a regular you gotta keep asking for wifi password and outdoor setting are locked with wires so good luck being comfortable.
2	One of my close friends has been raving about this place since it opened. Being one of those "I support local businesses" people and having 15 minutes to spare this morning I decided to finally try it out.I am not a coffee snob by any means. I just want a vanilla soy latte that tastes good. I want it to taste like a vanilla soy latte. The one I got this morning from Holley's Cuppa tasted like a mocha latte. And, it wasn't hot at all. Warm at best. I only drank half of it before I just gave up and threw it away.I also ordered the sausage, egg and cheese breakfast sandwich. It was ok. Nothing special. Definitely something I could easily make at home. The service was ok. I went through the drive thru and I could see there were several customers inside as well so they were buy.I will give them another try most likely. Hopefully it will be better next time.
5	Always enjoy coming here. The atmosphere is chill and it's the only coffee shop this side of town that actually has that neighborhood coffee shop feel! Holley and her crew are cool and friendly and always make you feel at home!If you're in the mood to just relax, play a board game or even participate in the ongoing puzzle building, it's here!The coffee is delicious and they have many to choose from. Plus, the open mic night and jam sessions they have regularly make it an even better experience than it already is!See you there!
4	Was attempting to find a new coffee place this morning, I had some time on my hands and I remembered seeing this awhile back. Thank goodness they closed dunkin donuts, it was not good for my waistline. I took Misti Y's rec for the soy vanilla latte, hot this time around. It was really good! I have to admit that as much as I want to like black coffee, I can't get it down. I LOVE fancy, fru fru coffee that everyone else writes that they don't like. The creamier the better!! I will make a yelp confession, as a kid I used to drink the small coffee creamers on restaurant tables, and if it wasn't frowned upon I probably still would. This latte kinda reminded me the old days. Hands down, best chai latte I've had. Try it with soy or almond milk, it makes it creamier.
5	Stop almost every morning!  Very friendly staff! Great cup of coffee every time!
5	Okay...  Large Iced Chai w/ Almond Milk!!!!!!!!!!   YUM!  Best coffee shop in Las Vegas!
5	I live across the street from Holly's and love it.  A) you can choose from a whole menu of exotic beans sitting on the counter B) they gind each cup fresh...then C) they old-school pour the water over the beans.  The result is the best coffee I've had anywhere.  This is the coffee gem of Las Vegas and should not be missed.  Robin
5	Best coffee ever!! Once you have a cup at Holley's you'll never go anywhere else. Love the sugar-free iced mocha. Almost a daily treat for my sister and I. Staff is super friendly. Around the corner from my house couldn't be better!
4	Really cool independent coffee shop. Very comfortable place, can just sit and work or do whatever for a good while. The coffee is good too! Extra points for having almond milk.
2	I want to love this place. It's close and I'll always pick local over corporate. I try to go to the few places in Mt Edge so we will get more. I will admit I'm a coffee snob. First, the front door is filthy. Yuck. The whole place looks slightly worn and grungy. There's no music. The girl at the counter was very sweet. I ordered gingerbread coffee. I took one sip and tossed it. The flavor tasted like a chemical. It was some sort of powdered one. Husband got vanilla and he liked it. We both got scones which were ok. I guess I'll still have to drive to Leone Cafe for my coffee outings, or stay home and make my own.
5	I love this place!  It's a cute little coffee shop with comfy seating, board games and delicious drinks.  I have been three times already and have yet to actually try any of their coffee.  Instead I am obsessed with the iced chai latte.  This place is kind of far from me so I have been searching hi and low for an equal counterpart to no avail.
5	I stopped in today and was pleasantly surprised by excellent service. I had a great Americano with a breakfast sandwich! I hope that this independent coffee shop survives!
5	Such a cute local coffee shop. Best iced Chai ever. The staff is super friendly & always informative. A must visit if you're in the Southwest!
5	Holley's is a great spot for breakfast or coffee for all of us in the 89113 area.If you're thinking about going to Starbucks, you're going to pay about the same for a cup of joe.. But Holley's does the old school pour-over style (which is definitely the way to do it), and they have hot-food items on the menu that you can't really get at a Starbucks. (try the breakfast wraps!)In addition to making a great cup of coffee.. The girls that work here are super nice, and they treat every customer like a regular.Highly recommended.
4	This is One of the best local coffee places in the area. I came in on my day off for a latte. I ordered the regular with an extra shot. It came right up. The espresso was smooth and not bitter at all. The foam was silky and just right. The place is a corner shop with a spacious layout. They have several comfy chairs for reading or hanging out. There's table in the corner where you can contribute to completing a giant puzzle. Also there's a nice set of books where you can grab something to read while you sip on the very nice coffee.In a nice touch, they have a small table with a few things for the kiddos, too.They do have free wi-if, but you'll have to ask for the password. I found it to be speedy and glitch-free.I'd highly recommend this locally-owned establishment for the high-quality coffee and the relaxing, inviting atmosphere.I will return every time I'm in this part of town!
4	Love the feel of the place. Great treats and coffee was tasty. Good prices great customer service.
3	Great coffee house, although they don't have a big selection of coffee. They service wraps and sandwiches. Some pastries. Great place to read a book, do homework, and lounge. They do however, close very early. I believe 7pm. That's pretty early for Vegas, no? oh they have free wifi for customers
5	The best Coffee ever and very friendly stuff ! bye bye Starbucks !
5	Wonderful place to come for a coffee, tea, delicious treat, nice conversation, get some work done on your computer, pick up a book to read, work on a puzzle... Most importantly, this local coffee house has a wonderful product and great staff. With plenty of choices in beans from light to dark roast for fresh pour-over coffee, delicious chai tea, the option to use soy or almond milk, fresh baked goods... and more. You will find something that you'll enjoy. There are comfy chairs, games for kids (and adults) to play, a bookshelf full of books to read, a room with easily accessible outlets for computer power cords, plenty of tables, and usually a puzzle to help out with. I also love the art from local artists that is displayed on the walls. Check it out!
4	If i was a frequent coffee drinker, I would visit Holley's weekly, possibly daily.  I mainly go there when i have a road trip and opt to get my caffeine with coffee.  Of course, I also usually partake in a few sweets.  To date my fav is the bread pudding.  The gf loves the soy latte drinks and some sort of green tea drinkThe employees are nice, the service punctual. A great local biz !
1	Worst coffee establishment in Las Vegas. Do NOT waste your time. I've tried to give this place three chances to just simply provide a decent cup of coffee in a reasonable amount of time. I live right around the corner from this place, so I wanted nothing more than to save me the five minute drive to the nearest Starbucks and like this joint. But I'd drive 30 minutes just to avoid going here for coffee. The first time I went there I waited 10 minutes in the drive through with zero cars infront of me. I peered inside the drive through window and the place was as empty as can be, so not sure why it took so long to get a below-average cup of coffee. The second time I went there the coffee wasn't good at all, but the atmosphere was at least clean and cozy inside. I appreciated that they featured local artists on the walls, which made me give it a third and final shot. The third time I tried to give the drive through one more shot and the coffee one more shot. I ordered a mocha and a coffee with cream. The coffee was so cold, colder than "room temperature". I parked, went inside, and told the person at the register, Holly, the owner, and her response was literally "oh you wanted this hot?". No, I'd prefer my coffee that you put the coffee sleeve around ice cold. Absolutely ridiculous. Worst coffee establishment in town.
4	Really 3.75 stars.  Good coffee with very good service (I always go inside, so I can't comment on the drive through). They lose 1.25 points due to their sandwiches.  They're OK, but not great.  The eggs in their egg sandwiches look premixed.  Cheese looks like Kraft singles.  So get the good coffee and skip the sandwiches.
5	Zoom zoom brew... Gf chocolate zuchini bread!This "pour-over" coffee house is as cute as a button! The staff are always delightful and very helpful. At pour-over's you choose your bean; flavor, strength, etc. (the lighter the bean, the more caffeine content there is).  My fave is the "zoom brew", hence the name gets me going in the morning, or time of day for that matter. If espresso is for you, they have it. They also serve "mighty leaf" brand organic tea, in an array of flavors, I like the green tropical gogi tea.There are assortments of pastries as well as cookies. They have gluten free chocolate zucchini bread! She orders pumpkin zucchini bread, that sells out too quickly. They have soy milk for "non-dairians". For your convenience they have a drive-thru, but on your first visit would be easier to go in and check out everything and ask questions. They offer wifi for customers and a lot of seating areas to include sofas, bar tops, low tops and outside patio seating. It's very cozy in there. There's also board games, puzzles and books for your enjoyment while there. Simply put its cutsies & cozy! Enjoy!
4	Great coffee, good food, the staff is friendly, and free wifi... 'nuff said ;-)
4	I have to admit I wasn't expecting much because the kitchen didn't look like they had anything in stock and nothing was presented at the register area... I guess I'm used to Starbuck's merchandising with the fancy refrigerated cases, signage and etc. The menu is limited but the drinks are on point! Soy Chai!  I also really like the local coffee shop feel. If I lived closer, I would hang out here and read a book or get some work done.
5	I love good coffee spots. I don't think we have enough of them in the city - so Holley's answers the prayers with every point crossed off the list, leaving only one thing to be desired: operating hours into the late nights.What's great about Holley's that hasn't already been said? The quality is great, and they're accommodating to your special requests like soy or almond milk. It has that small coffee shop feel, where someone who likes coffee as much as you is serving you - and enjoying it. This is nice.Inside is your typical indie-like coffee shop, filled with tables of varying heights and many magazines. Posters and artwork cover the walls. It's a great place to relax with your book, laptop, music, or whatever really. We need more of this around. Stop in and support Holley's! Who knows, maybe they'll even stay open late for the night owls like me someday.
4	"The Holley"My dad comes here when he visits. It's a chance for him to get away from me and my mother. He's like that, you see. A wounded pole cat of sorts. Can't figure him out. He knew how to provide for me growing up, though. I'll give him that.Anyway, I came here for the first time last Sunday. Funny, me thinks, since I live only a mile away. I parked the Crown Vic LX with leather interior and testosteroned my way past three post-workout cougars sipping hotness from a cup they wish contained me.At the counter I was met by none other than The Holley.She's a lean lassie, The Holley is. Direct and polite. I liked her immediately.I ordered a Brazilian something or other and was impressed to see it was made to order. No big urns steaming in the corner. No decanter burning for eternity. MADE TO ORDER. How can you not like that?There was a sneaky little vampirella hiding in an internet nook to my left. Playing with her little computer. Sneaking looks at yours truly while trying desperately to hide the marks on her neck. Tsk tsk, Lucy. I know what you are....I looked at the bookshelf behind me. The Holley told me I could take any one I wished. Her voice cracked when she said that so I'm sure she was ogling my physique as she spoke.I noticed they had different pastries and breakfast sandwiches available as well as countless coffees and teas. There was plenty of seating and some comfy looking leather couches to boot.And the coffee? A nice, semi-bold flavor made even tastier by its freshness. I drank it outside at a table while staring at the Spring Mountains. I stare at them a lot these days. Mostly from my bedroom balcony. They call to me for some reason. I go up there a lot, too. Sometimes I hear laughing when I take the Cobra through there. I look around but see no one, of course. But something dwells there, my friends. I just know it....See you soon, Holley. ;)
5	I'm one of those annoying coffee snobs you would roll your eyes at. I worked at Starbucks for over 6 years and earned my black "Coffeemaster" apron when you actually had to learn to earn it. Are you rolling your eyes yet???I know good coffee, and maybe 3 or 4 years ago, I learned that as much I love my old job at SBUX, I would rather put my money in local independent coffee shops. So yes, I've evolved into one of "those" coffee snobs.Holley's Cuppa is great coffee!!! I've enjoyed a piping cup of drip coffee, guzzled an iced chai and sipped an iced white latte. While all were certainly memorable, the drip coffee is my favorite. Individually brewed obviously means a fresh cup every time - but it's more than that. It's just great coffee.The service is definitely a standout here. All genuine smiley faces, all knowledgable and quick to help you navigate through your caffeine fixes.    Holley herself, is quite remarkable (I encourage people to read about her - it's a great story, but I won't go into it here).The store is quite cozy. Couches, Comfy chairs, with games and magazines. Walking in the place could easily make you feel like having a lazy Sunday afternoon any day of the week.This is easiest 5 stars I've given so far in my yelp-hood. The quality of their product is equally matched with the genuine 5-star service. Whether you are buzzing through the drive through, stopping by for some coffee for the road, or whether you are there for the "coffee shop" experience -- the coffee and service are consistently the best I've had in the city. I highly recommend it to all the other coffee snobs out there. You won't be disappointed.
5	I have gone to Holley's since they opened and it remains my go to for meetings, friend time and really special brews.  Heart of Darkness everytime. Love the quiet, airy feel of mornings there.  Perfect way to start the day.  Food is awesome too but i always give in to the cheesiest whatever so cant speak to the healthy options!
5	The employees are always super friendly and the coffee never disappoints! It's much better than the chain coffee places IMO!
1	I use to come regularly not for great coffee but because I really wanted to like this place. After this experience I will NEVER go again. I ordered a mocha it was way to sweet and so I tried to return it and get a plain coffee. The lady with the leopard tattoos was rude and said that it was obviously a sweet drink and that she would not make it again! I just gave up and asked for coffee that cost them like a nickel! She said "fine but this is the only time." Thats right the only time! Never again! Coffee is Sub-par and customer service is non existent.
5	Love this place!!! It is the only one I will drive out of my way for because the coffee, food and service just rock!
2	Here's the deal. I am a big fan of Starbucks. But Holley's is much closer to my house. I've tried them 3 or 4 times. My typical drink is a triple espresso on ice. The first time I ordered one I was charged about $2.95. I pay $2.54 at Starbucks (with my 10 cent cup discount). Okay, I get it, no big deal. The next time I ordered the same drink the cost was $3.24 ish. I asked about the difference and the gal explained to me that it's because I asked for ice in my espresso making it an Americano. She did go ahead and lower the price back to $2.95 (ish). 3rd times a charm... meet my roommate there. I have my little dog with me. I realize that they probably do not allow dogs. Before I can order or receive a greeting I was told sternly that the dog can't stay. No big deal, we can sit outside. I order my triple and yep... $3.24 (70 cents more than Starbucks). I mention that I do not understand how the ice makes the drink an Americano. The gal gives me some explanation that honestly I think it's B.S. The thing is... When I walk into Starbucks, they know me... the greet me... they are friendly... At Holley's I do not feel welcomed or valued. I would expect more from a local coffee house. They come across uppity to me. I will drive the extra 3 or so miles for good service, a good price, consistency, and a good cup of coffee at Starbucks.
5	This place is as good as it gets :) Service is great & employees are always friendly.I've tried tons of different coffee drinks & my favoriteIs Mexican Spice.. Sooo good!
5	I get coffee here every morning and I'm never disappointed! The staff is always friendly and their coffee is always delicious. Bonus: they carry almond milk!
5	I. Love. This. Coffee. Shop.   !!!!!!!!  Well done, Holley!
5	These folks are friendly and help me start my day with a smile. The coffee is awesome! Don't know what it's called but they have a very unique brewing technique. Love it.
4	Great locals place to hang out and have a great beverage!    They have milkshakes, teas, and coffees.  I'd suggest to stick to the teas and coffees.   The atmosphere is cool and Holley seemed very nice!
5	I have been going to Holley's for 2 years now and love it!!!! By the way Happy Birthday!!!! It is a great place where you and your friends can just sit back and laugh for hours.  Thank you Holley for becoming a part of the Mountains Edge family!!
5	There's your average everyday Starbucks then there's Holley's Cuppa! If you're looking for a unique selection of coffee, food, atmosphere and an incredible staff and owner in Holley...this is your place! A true hidden gem of Las Vegas worth a visit! You're guaranteed to come back! Start your day or end your night right at Holley's Cuppa \m/
5	Living in Mountain's Edge, I'm always in a hurry to get to work, get all of my errands done, etc.  So, although I've lived in the area for 2 years, I had never made it to Holley's Cuppa because I've always been in such a rush to do things.I had heard great things and I finally got over there.  The place is nice and spacious, very cute.  Holley herself is a very cute, petite, high energy woman...very adorable and fun to talk to!  I love that the business owner herself is so hands-on with her business.I am just a normal drip coffee drinker.  Holley uses the pour over method for EACH cup!  It's THAT fresh!  I've only ever had French press or drip, so this was my first experience.  It was nice and rich, super flavorful.I will have to go back to try a sandwich or another (maybe more intricate) drink, but if everything else was just as good as that simple cup, I will definitely be back!
4	i love trying different independent coffee spots so made the trek from Hendertucky this morning to Holley's...nice vibe, good coffee and Holley on the job making it happen...I'm a fan.
4	I've been to Holley's Cuppa twice, and I absolutely loved it.  Holley and her staff are super nice, and very quick.The coffee is good, so much better than Starbucks or Coffee Bean.  I've had iced coffee with a little hazelnut flavoring:  SO good!!  I loved it.The first time I was there I was with a girl friend, and we both enjoyed the atmosphere.  Very relaxed, quiet, and cozy.The second time I went, I was by myself with my laptop.  I go tthe same coffee and a giant chocolate chip muffin, and tucked myself away in the little computer nook.  (there are tables and lots of outlets, so I called it the computer nook.)I got so much work done just sitting there with time to myself, quiet, with my music playing softly...most coffee shops I have been to, I have to turn my headphones WAY up to drown out the noise and music played in the shop...not here.  It was lovely.I haven't been back recently, simply because I'm without my own mode of transportation, but I'm considering asking a friend for a ride just so that I can sit and write.  I love Holley's, and can't wait to go back.
5	Great local joint, this is my new favorite weekend place. Love that they have almond milk, and the good selection is outstanding! The only reason that it's not my weekday place as well is because I leave for work before they open.
1	I really wanted to like this place, but they just fall short for me. The quality of the coffees/ teas is good ... not spectacular and  the service leaves much to be desired. And the prices are unreasonable! I can pay less for an equally tasty drunk at Starbucks AND the baristas at Starbucks are way more pleasant.  Also I feel like I could get a better breakfast sandwich at subway next door. It seems they use grocery store croissants and processed Kraft American cheese! Skip this place ... Drive the extra 5 min to Starbucks on Rainbow
2	Love how friendly they are and the unique ome like design of the restaurant but the food and the coffee is not at all good tasting..also if you go through the drive through it takes them so LNG that they might ask you to just pul forward and wait till one of the employees brings out you  food - just not impressed at all mediocrity
5	Love this coffee shop! This is my go-to study spot, rather than Windmill Library. It's never too crowded and the staff is extremely friendly. My favorite drink to order has to be the White Mochalatte, iced or hot, it is delicious. & the best part is that it's very close to my house so I don't have to go very far for good coffee.
5	Best place in the southwest for amazing coffee! Super friendly staff! Love this place:)
5	Service was excellent from the start. One of the workers actually opened the door for me, with a smile even, so that was a pleasent surprise. The inside was clean even if it was a little busy. Coffee was very flavorfull and no taste of burnt residue like u find in some other corporate spots. All around I had a great coffee experience and will definetly be back soon. I think it will be my new stop after running the mountain in the morning
5	Best coffee shop in Vegas! Locally owned and operated, Holley's cuppa is one of the most creative places to get coffee in town. With a vast array of puzzles, books, and board games to occupy your time, this barista bar serves those of all interests. Come in for a Hot White Mochalatte or a tasty Peanut Butter Croissant and enjoy the soft music playing in the background as you dive into a new book. No matter what you're looking for from a place to hang out or just a calm relaxing break, Holley's Cuppa is perfect for it!
5	This coffee has so much flavor. I think Starbucks has competition after drinking an Iced Vanilla Latte. I recommend this place to anyone looking to try something different and delicious! They have a nice spacious lounge area with a good relaxing vibe. Definitely coming back with friends next time!
5	Amazing! Tried it last Saturday after a run and definitely will be returning! Possibly every Saturday! I had a Chai latte which was almost the best chai I've had, almost. I also had a cheese and egg English Muffin. They were super super quick and friendly. 5 stars for sure. Large cute location with board games, books, puzzles and more.
5	Really great white mochas and friendly staff!
3	Until Monkey gets internet hooked up, Holley's is the nearby free internet spot before work.  They make great CHAI TEA's, too!
5	This has been under my bookmarked list for quite some time now and I'm glad I was able to give this place a try.I ordered my usual favorite: an Iced Coconut Latte. And WOW!!!!!! DELICIOUS!!!! It had the perfect amount of caffeine and hint of coconut. For a small size, my latte was around $4.59....typical price for a coffee shop.The barrista was really nice and welcoming. I let her know this was my first time here and she gave me a quick rundown of their menu varying between coffees, smoothies, teas, blended drinks, and currently seasonal specials. She asked what I usually would order at a coffee shop and that's when she suggested to me they have different types of syrups such as my favorite: coconut.I would DEFINITELY be back to Holley's Cuppa whenever I'm back in this area.
3	I wanted to try something besides my usual, and Yelp lead me to Holley's on a Saturday around noon. The place reminded me a a coffee bar I might come across at a college campus. I ordered a soy hot chocolate and pumpkin bread. There were a handful of ladies behind the counter that seemed more interested in chatting with each other than working. I wasn't wowed or overly impressed. Nothing that stood out as a negative.... Just think I will stick to my usual place.
1	the coffee is delicious!!! the service is ATROCIOUS. The service is so bad that it makes the delicious coffee taste horrible. and the food is overpriced, everything they have you could make at home better and cheaper. I live near here and would rather drive 30 mins away than throw my money away at this place.
5	I have always loved this joint, I have been a customer for over 2 years and its as good as it gets.  Its not a bakery serving coffee, its a Coffee joint... and they know how to do coffee.  I could go on about how great the service is and how its not plastic like a Starbucks, but i won't,  I encourage you to go visit it, relax in one of their lounge chairs, pick up a book from their book shelf, unwind and enjoy what coffee and service should be like.Holly's Cuppa, bringing back the small , medium and large :)
5	Arrived back from Canada for our winter stay in Vegas,rushed to Holley's who remembered my name and order and made me feel welcome and happy. Such a great place and such a great gal  and super staff
5	Been here plenty of times after an exhausting bike ride in the mountains. Great service, awesome food and coffee made with an old fashioned drip! Love the peanut butter and fluff croissant! Drive the too!!
5	Great Chai Tea! They are always super friendly and fast.
4	Love the quaint and rustic old feel of this place. They have quite a feel of high top tables which I'm not a fan of, but there are plenty of regular tables and couches as well. Someone mentioned that they have a lot of outlets for laptops but I don't see any around the main area so what the heck?!Anyway, I ordered the Mexican mocha based on the recommendation of the girl at the register. This drink is yummy! It has a hint of cinnamon and just the perfect amount of sugar. Also, they offer a variety of sandwiches  as well as pastries. All look very delicious!
1	I showed up here two nights ago just before closing...Now I did not know they closed at 6pm, I just happened to drive here after work (getting off at 5:30) and showed up around 5:55.  There was a girl in a pink shirt and a long brown pony tail sweeping the floors right in the front, and as soon as I stepped foot out of my car she ran over to the open/close sign and flipped it to close.  Look, I know its rude to show up late to a restaurant, because that means the servers are waiting a good hour for me to leave. But this is a coffee shop and I would have been in and out, and I wouldn't have even minded if they told me that they can only offer it to go (which is what I wanted) You are a local business competing with the big boys, and I'm sure you could benefit from the 20 or so bucks (plus tip) I was about to drop for 4 drinks and maybe a snack. I would never complain if I showed up after closing, but you closed a couple minutes early just to avoid having more customers and that is outrageous and plain lazy.
4	I love the ambiance of this shop. Reminds me of the show " friends". I love the puzzles and game- was a good date night for my hubby and I one afternoon. I don't drink coffee but I like their smoothies and breakfast sandwich.
5	Best coffee house in Vegas. Great drinks, awesome and friendly staff, and a feeling of relaxation. The free, fast wifi and lending book library they have adds a nice touch to the place. The Egg, Sausage, and Cheese Wrap is to die for. Definitely my favorite place to go in Vegas if I want a coffee or just to relax.
4	Fresh cup of brew!! The location is real convenient to drive by. The employees are always real friendly and and remember me by name. They also have low carb alternatives for those watching their diet. Great switch if your tired of Starbucks.
2	Well like the stars say "meh"I went by this morning and got in the drive through line, 3 cars in front of me and it took EIGHTEEN minutes before I was driving off. That is just ridiculous. Plus when I got up there, the lady seemed pretty unfriendly, no "sorry for the wait" which I would get at Starbucks, with a much shorter wait time. I got a white mocha which just tasted off to me, maybe a little bitter, so I am not sure if it was the espresso or what, but it did not taste good and it was lukewarm, not hot, which is not a fun way to drink your "hot" coffee. I also got a cinnamon scone, which was tasty but very tiny.I felt like they were overpriced for what I was getting, considering the mocha tasted bad and the scone was toddler sized. I would love to love this place, because I always want the small, locally owned places to do well, but I was just not impressed with my experience at all.
3	I come here a couple times a month. I really do like their drinks, I usually get a spicy Mexican latte and a turkey Swiss croissant. The drinks are consistently good but the turkey Swiss croissant don't always come out the same. Sometimes the cheese is melted, sometimes it's not, and sometimes the turkey is dry. I tried to make this my regular place to go in the morning since there is no coffee house on this side down but the girls aren't exactly friendly all the time. And another downside is the drive-thru doesn't have a speaker to order so you have to drive up to the window.
5	My first visit. Was warmly greeted and order for a veggie humus wrap was filled quickly. Well stuffed, great flavor combination with feta and crisp veggies, simple and delicious wrap as was my latte!
5	Beyond excited to find this place near our new home.PRO's:   Spacious coffee shop.  Unlike other places that feel cramped.  Staff is super friendly.  Coffee:  the best.  Not sure what Almond milk they use, but it is wonderful.  They also have a flourless cookie, I have had one everyday for several days.CON's:  I didnt know about this place before
5	I have been here a few times for the hot coffee.  They have organic beans and brew it while you wait.  I have been trying a different selection of beans each visit--hoping to find a favorite.  You can text them your order if you are in a hurry and pick it up in the drive thru.
5	Amazing coffee and awesome people! Had a blast there and the ride to LA will be that much easier now.
5	Dirty Chai Iced Latte. Deliciousness!Check out Holley's Cuppa in Mountain's Edge.  Support small biz!  Holley is super friendly, as genuine as they come and her staff of java superheroes will make your coffee dreams come true!  I'm a fan of the Dirty Chai Iced Latte w/ Almond Milk but any Pour-over is sure to please as well.  Each drink is handcrafted with TLC so don't try to slide in there on the morning you woke up late and expect a cup of Folger's in a flash.  But if you want a delicious cup of specially created brew?  Worth the wait!!
4	A little pricey (my opinion for coffee) but I love the fact I can call in my coffee and breakfast sandwich order and pick it up in the drive threw! that alone is worth the extra couple dollars!
5	So happy to have a coffee shop that is not a Starbucks close to home. Service is always friendly and prompt. The drinks are amazing, way better than a Starbucks!  Support your local businesses and not only get great service but the best coffee on this side of town!
5	Great little local place. I'm huge on supporting small business and stay away from chains. Love this place and the customer service. Like the txt in order part.
5	I've been to my fair share of coffee shops, especially after living in the state of Washington for the last four years--yes, the coffee mogul of the US, and I'm not counting Starbucks. The people are down to earth, the cafe atmosphere is mixed in with a little bit of Vegas (a reflection of the owners previous passion of dancing in Cirque Du Soleil show Le Reve), and the coffee is AMAZING. They brew your cup individually on the spot with the pour over method. Also, best chai I've had ever! It's Vegas' best kept coffee shop secret, which is hard to come by here. Take a gamble here because you'll always come out with more than a winning cup of coffee.
4	Neat atmosphere with friendly service!  The white chocolate mocha was delish as well!
2	Cold mugs, and cappuccinos the size of lattes. It's details like that differentiate the good coffee places from the bad ones. and Holley's Cuppa falls into the latter category. If you want a legit cup of coffee served right this is not the place to go. If you want a nice place to sit and relax this is also not the place. Personally, I had a lot of issues here but, If you like your coffee to be like a sweet treat, and prefer take it to go then Holley's might be worth a try.
3	I love this place with great coffee and great food. By the way customer service it's great. Also, this place looks creative compare to other coffee places around this area:)
5	cuppa cuppa!! cuppa!!I LOVE THIS PLACE. the first time i experienced Holley's was when I was across the way getting my nails done. My friend decided to go grab something to drink while waiting for me and she came back with the most delicious drink I've ever had. She got a large iced chai tea latte and it is some bomb.com. After trying it she downed it so I did get much more. A week or so later I came back to grab the same chai tea and went through the drive thru. The people there were super nice and very quick. I don't think I've ever spent more than 1-2 minutes waiting in line or for my drinks. I then introduced it to my friend and she is bonkers for them too!! They use big train chai tea with whole milk, i had to ask for there secrets but i still stop by once a week. it is my current addiction. they also have different breakfast bagels, sandwiches, and bars. I've tried there breakfast bagel with bacon, egg, and cheese. It was huge! Also my friend tried their blueberry muffin. She said it was too sweet, so I took a bite. The top has some kind of sugar coating that I personally like, so I ate the top for her. :) Definitely a place I would recommend to try. So in closing to wake me up bring me an iced chai tea late please!
4	Got an iced coffee. Was good, a little sweet. A little overpriced but I would go again.
4	Fun Girls. Great Vanilla Latte (only I drank in my two visits). Hearty Dessert Snacks. Holley's Cuppa is a humble local coffee shop catering to the community with delicious drink(s) and baked goodies. Their cookie cheesecake was more cookie than cheesecake, but it was still a nice compliment to have with my creamy Vanilla Latte. There's something about their Vanilla Latte that stands out and is memorable. Coming from Los Angeles, I haven't come across something as delicious as it. Great place to unwind from the heat or start your day. The girls knew most of their customers and created a comfortable environment to stay in. Awesome Awesome!
5	I started going here because I moved on this side of town. It's really cute and fun! You can tell this is a family business. I try to support those as much as I can! Totally loving the Mexican spice flavor. Excited they have both almond and soy milk as dairy alternatives!
5	THE Absolute BEST! Not only in mountains edge, but in all of LV. The staff is lovely. The interior is homey and feels like I could stay there awhile (puzzle, bookshelf for trade) and the drinks are delicious. My favorites are the almond milk latte, almond milk chai latte, and the green smoothie! The drive thru makes it easy on work days!
1	Decent coffee...I'll give them that. However: This is not the place to come if you plan on getting ANY work done or want a quiet enjoyable morning. I suggest getting your coffee and leaving. The one star is for the atmosphere: LOUD, obnoxious baristas! You can here these ridiculous young ladies cackling all across the shop. I don't want to hear about your Facebook and Instagram drama, nor do I want to hear belligerent cussing. I stayed a little longer, though VERY annoyed, and it went on for the entire time I was there. Very unprofessional. Should also note, it's not the cleanest shop. Napkins on the floor, crumbs from previous patrons and bathrooms open up right into your face where there's seating. It's close by my house, but I will be driving further to another shop for my coffee from now on. No bueno.  :(
5	The best iced chai latte ever! I added almond milk to it and it was delicious! Baristas were friendly as well...definitely will be back!
2	First, I want to say I love their chai. They have a great spicy chai. They do offer a (one) gluten-free item for snack. Holley's Cuppa also does have almond milk which is super. However, I do have to agree with some comments about the staff being rather unprofessional. It seems like it is just a place for the staff and their friends to hangout. Everyone else is just in the way. I had to ask for something three time before I could get them to actually hear me. Several times they are not looking at me because they are trying to half pay attention some where else. I believe one of the times this happened resulted in one of our drinks not actually being flavored.I enjoy fun people but customer service still needs to be there. I miss the ambience of a good coffee shop. Holley's Cuppa does not have it. It is run down and unkempt inside. It is not a place that you can find a cozy spot to do work or read a book. Sitting on the patio is usually out of the question because the smokers get the run of it.I really want to like this place too - there is a desperate need for good coffee shops. But Holley's falls a bit short.
4	Medium iced chai with almond milk and two shots of espresso!I get this every time and I have not been disappointed once. Made consistently delicious! Just enough sweetness and just enough kick. Tried it with soy milk before and it just wasn't the same. Also tried their Mexican Mocha and it's pretty good but maybe too sweet for my liking.They also sell food items. I tend to match my dirty chai with their gluten free chocolate bread or health cookie.You can text your order in advance. Also, they close at 6p not 7p as stated on here.
5	Freakin' amazing coffee. Pour over, brewed and fresh baked deliciousness! The staff and owner are spectacular. Super customer service and great atmosphere. I love to go in and put the puzzle together and enjoy my alone time! A Vegas best kept secret!
5	I love Holly's its my payday treat (and a couple other days as well). I love the drip hot coffee and iced coffee in the summer! I've also been very impressed with all the espresso drinks I've had. Its the closest coffee place to my house and super satisfying. My favorite thing is the coconut dessert bar! So amazing! All their baked goods are homemade and delicious! Never been disappointed.
4	A great local coffee place close to home! They offer almond milk, which makes me very happy, and their baked goods are delicious. That every cup is fresh ground and made, makes it taste even better!! There is also a "text ahead" option, text your order, pick it up...a huge help especially when running late.I find the atmosphere fun, you can play board games, work on a puzzle or sit and chat...that they display locals art work makes it even more special, it's like a thank you to their supporters/customers.I just wish they'd start a frequent buyer card/program!
5	Love this place.  Not like the mega chains.  Relaxed down home feel.   Coffee is great and you gotta watch how they brew it.  Lesson to be learned. Lotta regular folks daily.   Prices are decent. Service is A+++
5	I drive by all the time but never thought about stopping in because I've honestly not been impressed with local non-chain coffee shops. Usually everything is over priced and it's full of hipsters pretending to work but really just thoughtfully perusing their fb newsfeed.I desperately needed coffee since I ran out at home, and I had stopped at Subway for a sandwich so decided to pop in and check it out and to my surprise it was super cute, bright, and cozy. There weren't many people there so I was able to order my coffee right away. While I waited I looked over the menu and they have a pretty big selection for breakfast, from bagels to breakfast sandwiches and wraps. Everything was also very reasonably priced. The staff was warm and friendly and the best part was my latte was perfectly made. I was very happy. This will be a regular stop to get breakfast and coffee.
5	What a cute little local coffee shop! I love the board games, books, and every now and then they have a live band. I love that they have Las Vegas show posters, it really shows how much they love their city. The drive thru is perfect for when I'm on my way to work. I love that their right inside a community, it really shows a sense of unity. The only complaint I have is their hours aren't late enough for me, but then again I shouldn't be drinking coffee that late. So glad that she's opening up another one, you go girl!!
4	I stopped in for a quick breakfast so I didn't get coffee, but the breakfast sandwich I had was AMAZING. They have books and games too, so I will be back for coffee sometime. The only reason I didn't give them five stars is because the girls working seemed a little annoyed. It may have just been a stressful morning for them.
3	Standard independent coffee house, appreciate that there is a drive thru but the complaints about timing are why I went in for my beverage- was in and out in under three minutes, large iced chai latte in hand.I like that their house chai is a vanilla blend, saving me the hassle of adding flavoring (and calories). Menu has several breakfast sandwich options and they have several roasts to pick from if you like your morning brew strong and black.Location is slightly messy in a lived-in way that is comfortable rather than chaotic. They have a whole wall of bookshelves filled with used tomes to browse, which is a great touch. Service was friendly despite the morning rush.
3	Coffee was mediocre. Felt like it was mostly foam honestly. It was made quickly BUT I must say the guy at the register was rude. After ringing me up at the register I was waiting for my receipt and he tells me if he could help the people behind me. Hello?! I was waiting for my receipt. Anyway, not coming back again. For the price I paid, should've gone to Starbucks.
5	Local and loving it. Great family owned coffee shop. Right in the heart of Mtn Edge so perfect location for us. Tasty drinks and a nice atmosphere. Had a toasted turkey bagel sandwich that was pretty good too. Just a nice change of pace from typical coffee bean and Starbucks.
5	I drive OUT OF MY WAY to get here. I only go to Holly's to get my coffee because the service is fast/genuine, & the quality of coffee is the best I've found in Las Vegas.
5	The best coffee you can get this side of Mississippi! The place is the comfy, the people are awesome and the food even better. If your are in the neighborhood and you go elsewhere for coffee, you must be stupid.
5	Holleys Cuppa is amazing! I love this place and all the beverages are high quality. The owner is so personable and truly cares about all of her customers. Very homey, cute and quaint. I suggest this place to everyone! Must go to.
2	Bland coffee for the same price of Starbucks. Ain't goin back. Drive thru took a while too
4	Really good coffee. I stopped in for the first time on a Monday afternoon and ordered a hot caramel latte with almond milk and a ham and cheese croissant. Everything  except the service was great. Let's just say the place didn't put off a very welcoming vibe.  Perhaps I came in on an off day? However, the coffee was so good, I will give it another try...there is always something to be said for quality :)
5	Just went into Holleys Cuppa. The girl working immediately complimented me on my purse. She asked what I usually like and made me a combination of the two (peppermint mocha caramel latte) so yummy! Took less than a minute to make and the girls working were so sweet and bubbly! Loved it. Bye starbucks.
2	Meh. I used to stop in the drive thru before heading to work. They had a door sensor stuck up to tell them cars were in the drive thru which didn't work, several times I say there for a long time (frustrating when you need to get to work across town). The breakfast sandwiches are good, but all 3 times I ordered a latte it was so strong I wanted to spit it out!! It tasted like 75% espresso and a dash of skin milk! Lattes are supposed to be light and foo foo for us faint of heart LOL!  Then when I got pregnant I asked for a latte made decaf to which the young barista looked at me like I was crazy....  I so wanted this to be my regular coffee joint as it is on my way to the freeway for work, unfortunately, I have my fingers crossed they open a Starbucks close soon.
