2	Went here while on a business trip for dinner with one other person.  We originally were headed to a nearby different restaurant, but the wait was going to be too long so we decided to try it out.  I believe it is a new place.When we walked in, I asked if they were open.  There were only two people in the whole restaurant.  I was so hungry I decided to stay though.  Besides, sometimes the crowd isn't always right, and also this looked new so we decided to give it a shot.We had the beef carpaccio appetizer, which was actually pretty good.  One thing I will say is that there were a couple of pieces that were turning grey/brown.  I know this does not indicate terribleness, but a good restaurant will make sure they are all deep red.   We stayed away from those pieces.The soup of the day was some sort of chicken and what seemed like small matzah balls.  It was ok.I had the Chicken Cacciotore.  It was ok, but the chicken pieces were not that great, and had probably been frozen for a long while before being served.  Also, the pasta sauce was much thinner than I expected.Not a single person came in during the whole time we ate dinner.  The server was nice enough.  They had what looked like a good bar, but I don't know who would drink in an empy place like that.  I was underwhelmed at the dining experience, and I feel sorry for that place.  Their location isn't all that great either.
5	we went here last Night 6/27/08 and what a great experience ..the food,the service,the atmosphere was all just plain great, There business is a bit slow but i would attribute that to all the darn road construction in front of the place ...this place is worth the Construction hassle. Its just a great place we will be returning ...and Often
2	This place has been open for 6months or so and bunch of us at work decided to walk over and give it a try for lunch. I ordered the special - pesto chicken penne  which was good (all I was missing was the wine.. ha), heard a few complaints from those that ordered the manicotti and ravioli.  We were the only table and service was slow.  The place has a nice atmosphere and potential, the question is can they stay open long enough to find out..
1	so, i walked by this place a few weeks ago and noticed a sign 'closed temporarily due to family illness', ok..cool, whatever.  Yesterday walked by again and saw an eviction notice on the door, a cowrker and I decided to be nosey and looked in the windows the whole place had been gutted out. I guess the family illness was no customers....
