1	NO NO NO.. Run Away.... They are really pushy but other than that they LIE to you.... I first agreed to an account but I said I will check with my husband to make sure... I called back within 45 min's and declined / cancelled.... they said OK.. the next day the installation guy called and was on his way to install.  I said no .. called adt AGAIN.. and they confirmed that , yes I have cancelled..  six days later a get another call from adt , to try and get me to sign up.. I claimed no thank you .. Now today I got my credit card bill , with the monthly monitoring fee of 53.41,,  WHAT,,,, I called today, and they claim that I agreed to this fee.... NOT... I never , they even tried to charge me the non refundable deposit for the installation.... WHAT.... there was NEVER an installation...  This company Security Alarm Now,,, an agent for  ADT... are SCAMS and I have already turned them into the Better Business Bueruo .....
1	Horrible company that lies to employees and withholds pay without any communication or reason. The people who are suppose to support you jump to conclusions. Don't work here unless u want to make 60% of what you earn.
1	Terrible experience. Pushy sales person and manager and outright lies about competitor services. This is an awful approach to try to gain the trust of a prospective SECURITY system buyer.Received an ad in the paper so I called to inquire. I was told by the representative, Skyler, that because of my call timing I was eligible for an additional $500 in free equipment. When I asked if I could receive a written quote, he told me no, also that he wouldn't guarantee the deal if I called back, even though I said I wanted to discuss options with my spouse. He also cut down competitors services, which is somewhat expected, but in this case were outright lies (contract length, renewal, coverage, response time, etc.) Needless to say, I went with Protection One. My customer service person (Greg) was helpful, responsive, and provided me a written quote. Services and equipment was comparable as was monthly fee (3yr contract). I went so far as to explain my experience with Skyler and ensured an extra kudo was passed along to Greg for being so professional (normally not my style since I expect quality service but after my ADT experience it was clearly deserved).Today, a week later, Skyler followed up to see what I had decided. When I told him I went with a competitor he said "oh sorry, good luck with..." then proceeded to list all the lies he told me before (which, based on my contract with P1 were completely untrue). I decided to tell Skyler that his aggressive tactics were what sunk the sale, he argued with me and then hung up on me...hopefully he's not the person answering alarm calls at ADT!!!!
