5	The bbq is perfect. We tried quite a few items and everything was really done well. All the food tasted good and was freshly prepared. The portions were more than we could finish, which was great - leftover bbq! We've traveled around Texas, South Carolina and other parts south to try great bbq, and I really think this place measures up to anywhere. Good quality cuts of meat, rubbed well and smoked just right.The Badger Feast: ribs, beef brisket, pulled pork, ham, bacon and wings (the wings were a sub for rotisserie chicken, which was unavailable because they had literally just opened).The ribs were smoky and tender, juicy - amazing. The pulled pork was sauced, but so lightly it was almost seasoned. Not dry, not too sweet, not too anything. Just perfect. The wings were right on, too.Chicken salad sandwich: fantastic. Good chicken in there with a few fresh and juicy grape halves, whose sweetness contrasted nicely with the onion to make a great summer sandwich.Sides: Potato salad was excellent. The slaw is creamy and not sweet. The beans were flavored with bell pepper and beef, I think. Skip the corn. Kids: We tried breaded and deep fried triangles of mac & cheese. No one would accuse you of nutritionally overloading your kids, but they were fun to eat.Drinks: The strawberry lemonade was out of this world. Fresh pureed strawberries in there. The place: easy to find. The parking lot is small but adequate. We walked in and the owner and staff are still putting the place together. We got a genuinely friendly greeting, immediate seating, and drinks right away. The dining area is sunny and clean. Seating at booths, tables, picnic tables or unique tractor seats at the bar. TV with ESPN on and a little music. A few video games in a corner. Some appropriately rustic decor.We'll be back.
5	Middle America takes a lot of crap from the sushi-eating, wheatgrass-farting, vegan, Prius-driving type people on the coasts. But people on the coasts don't know what good barbecue is because, well, they don't have good barbecue on the coasts. To be fair, when it comes to sushi, wheatgrass, hybrids and BBQ, Madison is more similar to the coasts than Memphis, KC, South Carolina, or Austin. That is going to change when Blair Street Brew and BBQ gets fully up and running and people try the incredible stuff this guy is smoking up in this tiny corner joint downtown. An employee carrying in a pile of hickory sticks held the door open for us. Courteous service and more importantly, an actual smoker on the premises. Good sign.We sat down at the well-stocked bar with a great selection of top-shelf booze and Wisconsin and Midwest beers, and homemade, flavored lemonades for the kids, teetotallers or the truly thirsty. Tangy, meaty wings are on the appetizer menu. We received them as part of our combo platter because they hadn't gotten the chicken in yet. They had just opened for business in the preceding day or two. The "Badger Feast" claims it's enough to feed a lineman. My son and I shared it. The two of us weigh about 220 pounds combined. We took 1/3 of it home. Claim verified. The feast included: - rib tips, with a 1/4" smoke ring as pink as the cute, pig-shaped VW Bug delivery car parked out front. They tasted like heaven. Perfectly smoky, without one dry spot on the large portion.- bacon, smoky and peppery. I had one bite. My daughter ate the rest. - ham, smoky and juicy if on the salty side, but that's ham, right? - brisket, tender and lean. It's a work in progress on the smoke flavoring. The owner said he's still perfecting it. Based on the rest of the feast, he'll perfect it very soon. - the pulled pork offers a perfect balance of seasoning, smokiness and tenderness. Easy to eat. No gristle or blubber. - my wife loved the chicken salad. You can read her review. This outstanding new entry to Madison's casual dining scene is in an unfortunate location that's been a graveyard for restaurants, but there's a key difference: the previous places, respectively, served mediocre pizza and overpriced sandwiches; this place is amazing. If my wallet and arteries could take it, I'd keep them in business myself. Can't wait to try the BBQ chicken.
5	Oh, well, this is fantastic and dangerous. I work around the corner from here and was interested to see what would wind up in this storefront, since its predecessor was both overpriced and godawful. This place? DANGER DANGER DANGER. To wallet and to waistline. I had the best pulled pork sandwich of my life; a coworker had the same to say about his rotisserie chicken. The meat was perfectly tender with smokiness and the perfect amount of spice to the bbq (enough to make me happy, not enough to scare saner people off). Caught some nice maple-y undertones too, I think. And fantastic baked beans, which is not generally a thing I have to say about baked beans. They need to get out to some of the nearby offices and distribute some menus, because they could do a pretty solid lunch business with such amazing food at a reasonable price point. I'll definitely be back -- I've got my eye on the brisket sandwich, and those pepperjack cheese curds...
2	Oh man, it pains me to write this review - I struggled with how to share the experience; but after thinking about it, I'll be transparent.We arrived around 6:45pm and the place was nearly empty. It was hot inside, so we moved outside. There's a small patio on the corner with a few tables and some decent shade. After sitting outside for a few minutes, the owner came out and explained that due to a licensing and ordinance issue, he wasn't able to serve us outside. Apparently the city has been giving this place some trouble, and that's a true shame. This corner has seen more than its fair share of businesses come and go; I'd love to see someone anchor-in and launch a truly successful venture here. But if the city and urban development committee are going to be sticklers and uncooperative, it seems destined to struggle. (end of editorial rant)We moved inside and grabbed seats at the bar. The barstools were pretty cool - they featured old-time tractor seats and were nice and comfy. We browsed the laminated, single-sheet menu and opted for the Bucky Bites, and the Badger Feast. Beer selection was limited to bottles; Ranger for me, Blue Moon for my friend.After a minute or two the owner reappeared and apologized for the heat. Apparently the air conditioner had been on the fritz; it was since fixed, but the building was taking a while to cool down. Totally understandable, and not a big deal. We appreciated his candor.Bucky Bites arrived - a soft pretzel cut into bites, fried, and served with a small ramekin of nacho cheese sauce. I gotta' say - these were unique and tasty. A guilty pleasure for certain. Well worth the $3.50 price tag. . As we were eating the bites, round three of bad news came: they were out of chicken. They offered to provide extra portions of the other items, to which we accepted. Not a big deal.The plate arrived after a short wait, along with sides that included baked beans, coleslaw, potato salad, and a large piece of cornbread.Full disclosure: I'm not a fan of baked beans, potato salad, or most coleslaws. I sampled them all, however, and shockingly liked the potato salad best. It had hints of mustard, and I appreciated the scallions. The beans were slightly sweet, slightly bacon-y, and pretty decent for baked beans (again, I'm not a fan, so I don't get excited by them). The slaw was ok. Portions of the sides were huge - more than enough for 3-4 people. Why they gave us so much is beyond me. On to the platter... Brisket: thick slabs of brisket with a bit of sauce spread over top. Very moist; our pieces consisted of some fattier pieces and some leaner pieces. The fattier ones literally melted as you ate them. The lean ones were still moist. Unfortunately, I didn't detect any evidence of bark or smoke. They were super moist, but I want some bark and some smokey bite. I weren't sure if the brisket had been smoked or roasted; the owner confirmed the brisket was smoked for around 12-hours, which is fairly standard. Unfortunately I didn't pick-up on the smoke (or the rub/bark). Ribs/Rib tips: by far the star of the show. Excellent smoke ring, nice rub, and good mix of meat and fat. These definitely tasted as if they had spent some time on the smoker. Very few bones - I think we must have received more of the rib tip than the spare rib section. Ham & bacon: these struck me as interesting, because I'm not used to seeing them on a BBQ menu. The ham was a bit dry and tasted like ordinary ham. The bacon was a bit fatty but really tasty.Pulled Pork: I was so disappointed. Like the brisket, there wasn't any hint of a smoke ring or a rub, nor any real smoke flavor. I inquired as to whether or not the pork was smoked, and the owner again shared info about the technique, which included the use of a pressure smoker. Super interesting, and it was certainly very moist, but the smoke, rub, and bark were absent. Dining friend had a few bites of each; I polished off the rest of the plate, so it wasn't bad BBQ, it just wasn't bursting with any of that smokey goodness. And while I can pack away food with the best of them, I didn't feel like the plate was "overwhelmingly big."We had an opportunity to chat with the owner and found him to be extremely passionate about BBQ and his business, as well as very interesting and incredibly friendly. To hear about the effort he's gone through with the business was both inspiring and frustrating at the same time. It really sounds like he's getting nit-picked by the city over things that absolutely shouldn't matter.It also seems like we were there on an a-typical night, so we'll be back to give them another try. I wish them the very best of luck in this spot - Madison needs a good BBQ place, and I'm hoping they can fit the bill!
4	I tried Blair Street BBQ for lunch the other day -- overall it was a good experience (with some hiccups). I might typically give a 3 here, except that it's a new place that shows a lot of potential -- I will absolutely go back.I had the brisket sandwich and we split an order of fries. The presentation was unexpected and very nice -- texas toast, a slice of bacon, four neatly stacked cuts of brisket, fried onions with BBQ sauce drizzled over it. Two of the brisket slices were fantastic -- great smoky flavor, melt-in-your-mouth tender -- basically ideal brisket. Unfortunately the third was dry and had lost most of its flavor, the fourth was literally just fat. The beans had a decent flavor, but it was almost a thick bean soup... probably wouldn't get them again (too bad, I love bbq baked beans). Fries were fine.My friend very much enjoyed the pork sandwich. I got a bite and it was pretty much delightful. The server was very friendly, and once we got our food the cook, manager and server all checked in on us. Overall a friendly and eager seeming new spot in a tricky location (I hope they fare better than Full of Bull). Again, I can't wait to see how these folks dial it in -- the brisket pieces that were good were far away the best I've had in town.
2	This place has a lot of work to do before it can take the training wheels off. Ate here a couple weeks ago with my husband and we were disappointed to learn that the brew part of the Brew and BBQ was yet to be set up as we were looking forward to it. The wings were decent and the staff was friendly. My husband loved his brisket. However, the pulled pork sandwich left a lot to be desired. The pork wasn't as tender as it could have been and the sauce was okay. But what I considered a sin against this sandwich was that the bun was toasted - and buttered. Buttered! Hey BStB+BBQ, sure the pork itself could use a little TLC, but don't sabatoge it with that awful fake buttery aftertaste. Let that pork shine through! The chef came over to ask how our meal was and I had to hold back from slapping his hand and scolding him. The baked beans tasted like they were from a can. Also, a friend wanted to get some pork and brisket by the pound from here for a Memorial Day bash and was told that they don't do that - what! Have you ever heard of a barbecue place that doesn't sell by the pound? Figure out the pricing and put it on your menu. My friend then asked for the sandwiches but the components separated so guests could assemble their own sandwiches, but he was instead given eight fully put together meals. It was upsetting that BStB+BBQ couldn't pull this together for our party and missed out on the opportunity to spread the word about their food. I want this place to work out. The staff is so friendly and it's within walking distance of my house. The food is almost there. We are going to try again in a few weeks and hopefully they'll have the kinks worked out.
2	FULL DISCLOSURE: I lived in Texas for 9 years so my BBQ standards are very high!!I checked out Blair Street Brew & BBQ a couple weeks ago. After reading all the great Yelp reviews, I wanted to check it out. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. First off, they had no beers on tap. If you have the word "brew" in your name, you should at least have a tap or two. Perhaps they plan to have some in the future.We ordered the Badger Feast to try a little bit of everything. Unfortunately, they were out of chicken, but they gave us a little extra of all the other meats instead. Apparently, the brisket, ribs, and pulled pork are slow smoked. The brisket was ok, not tender enough and barely had any smokey flavor. The pulled pork was highly disappointing - I've made better in my Crockpot at home. No flavor, and it was apparently smoked. The ribs were pretty good, nice bark, and had a nice smokey flavor. The side dishes lacked flavor, too. Try adding salt to your slaw and potato salad! Hopefully Blair Street can step up their game as they perfect their recipes. Perhaps Wisconsinites have much different palates and tastes when it comes to BBQ. The owner seemed to be proud of the recipes he's worked to "perfect," but sadly enough, they need a lot of work. Perhaps he can hire me as a consultant. I can teach him a thing or two about BBQ.
5	Great service (ask for Tameka!), very good food at reasonable prices. They will have a stand on the square for Concerts on the Square! Yea!  The pulled pork sandwich with the hot sauce was tender, very tasty, and with a side of baked beans, plenty to eat. My wife had brisket, a friend had the smoked ribs, served with sauces of varying heat. All top notch. We will go back, many times.
5	I ate here with friends and we had nearly everything on the menu.  I highly recommend the Badger Feast. Food Quality: A+Food Quantity: ACleanliness: B+Design & Decor: ANoise Level: AStaff Friendliness: A+Server Food & Beverage Knowledge: AOVERALL GRADE: A  (I will eat here every time I'm in Madison)PROS: Excellent Brisket, Cheese Curds, Pork Ribs. All the sides were great. The staff is super friendly and the owner even came out and chatted with us. He bought us a free appetizer since it was our first time there and we were out-of-towners. They also had live music. CONS: Bathroom was a little dirty, but other than that this place rocks.
2	The ribs were touted to be fall off the bone, it was not.  I had to fight a little bit with mine.  The Barbeque sauce is homemade and on the savory vinegar side.  If you're looking for an option that's sweet, they don't have that.  The rotisserie chicken was great!  Though the only sauce we had was their homemade one option.  The food comes with 4 sides, corn bread, potato salad (mustard style), cole slaw (a little nod to the salad dressing style but not quite enough), baked beans, and corn bread.  Loved the corn bread but wasn't a fan of the others.  Huge servings all around just not as tasty as I'd like it.  I'll give them another shot but it'll be to try their sandwiches and see if that's what makes them shine.
3	Great service, great vibe, but mediocre food. Our waitress was extremely nice, and treated every one of us like VIP.The restaurant itself is also very spacious, with a juke box to one corner and wooden tables and brick walls that remind you of camping. However, the food itself wasn't too great. Their spicy wings weren't as spicy as we would have liked, leaving it with just an overly salty aftertaste. Their Pulled Pork Perfection sandwich was also too saucy, easily overwhelming the tender pieces of pork. Though, to be fair, the portions were large and the prices were reasonable.That being said, it's close to where I live, so I'll probably give this place a few more tries.
1	I hate to do this, but about two months ago my daughter and I stopped there, and we are rib lovers, but let me tell you, we got the sides first, and not one tasted good.  Then the ribs and pulled pork came and wow, they both were so salty we couldn't eat them.  We told the waitress who make it, and they said they do in house, the chef made it in fact.  Well we gave a friendly hint to not use as much salt, and then the owner came out and he was very friendly, but he said his customers liked the rub, so that just told me that they don't know rubs at all.  Also it was a Monday night, and I guarantee that the ribs were left over from the weekend and were nuked.  I make some mean ribs, so I know ribs.  I feel bad because the place is nice, friendly staff, but wow, I felt like I was robbed, but at least they offered a free dessert, but we didn't take it, afraid it would be too salty.  I think a bit of a comp would've been better, but oh well...never will try again...I would vote no stars, but you have to vote at least one.  I wish them luck though...
1	Stay home.
3	OK, the good is the sides.  clearly homemade, good flavor, especially the potato salad and cornbread.   The meats are a mixed bag due to the saltiness of the rub.   We are serious BBQ fans, and not afraid of salt.  If you don't mind serious salt levels, go ahead and go for the ham or the ribs.   If you get overwhelmed by salt, however, avoid those two meats. For saltiness at a more moderate level order the brisket, chicken, or pulled pork.   The larger interior area compared to surface means that the saltiness of the rub doesn't overwhelm those meats as much.  If you like low salt levels just don't eat here.  For all of the meats the smokiness was good, the slow-cooked texture was there, and the sauce was solid.   I cant speak to the appetizers or desserts, didnt try those.    Bottom line is that you can get a solid meal here, but Smoky Jon's has notably better meat.
3	I've had BBQ in Memphis and St. Louis. Those were transcendental experiences. This is not Memphis or St. Louis. I got the Beef Brisket Blockbuster with a side of potato salad.  Skip the potato salad.  Blech.  The potatoes were undercooked and swimming in too much soupy dressing.  The brisket itself was really quite nice.  Good amount of fat but not ridiculous, nice smoke ring, good and tender.  But the overall execution could use a little work.  You might think "blockbuster" means a giant portion, but not so much.  It's a big piece of texas toast with a couple strips of bacon, three good sized hunks of brisket, some bbq sauce and some onion straws. I really don't see the point in the bacon. And I love bacon.  The giant piece of bread makes the meat look smaller.  The bbq sauce was ok and there weren't enough onion straws to make much of a difference. I get that they're trying to be creative here, but it would be so much easier and better to give a bigger portion of brisket, less bread, skip the bacon, and give you bbq sauce on the side.So...it'll do the trick if you're craving some bbq, just set your expectations accordingly.
1	Proportions are appalling.  I ordered 1lbs. wings for $8, and got 6 medium sized wings.  I got an appetizer order of fries and got what I would say is a single order of fries... And that was $6... I ended up paying $14 for $7-$8 of food.  Extremely dissatisfied.  Save your money; don't order the wings or fries!
1	Today I brought a group of Friends here for BBQ. We are from the Waukesha area but had great BBQ last year and was looking forward to this experience. We did not know it changed Ownership and I knew as soon as I saw the menu. No Bucky Bites or smoked cheese curds??  I should have left then but thought I would give it a try. Out of the 12 of us I would consider two of us to know BBQ and have had it all over the country. We had the 3 meat sampler. Brisket, Spicy Sausage, and pulled pork . It was the worst BBQ we have ever eaten. We also had rib tips. Not edible!!! I let our waitress know as a courtesy and we paid for our meals so our opinion was meant to help and not get a free meal. The others in our group did not know BBQ and of the 6 who ordered some type of BBQ 2 ate it. The others ordered sandwiches which were ok. We never saw a Manager after our Waitress passed on our comments and I am guessing that we are not the only one's that had an issue here since it was empty at 5:00 on a Saturday in Madison. If you like good BBQ I would not go here.
