4	This place opened a couple of days ago in the shopping center across from the LakePointe business park.  The food quality is about on par with Qdoba or Salsaritas, and has the same "assembly line" style of ordering.  The difference here being that the dishes are Chinese instead of Mexican.  I had the Rice Bowl with grilled chicken topped with the smoky chili sauce (their spiciest option).  I was pleasantly surprised with the taste.  The sauce had just the right amount of kick and the chicken and rice tasted very fresh.The place is small and fills up quickly, but there is patio seating available out back.  The decor is vibrant and classy, with pictures of Chinese landmarks dotting the walls.  There are interesting factoids below each picture and also on the containers that hold your food -- a charming touch.I have two complaints, however: First, the drink selection is very limited (Coke, Diet Coke, Water).  Second, all food is served in styrofoam "take-out" boxes, even if you're dining in.  It would be nice to see something slightly less crude -- even if it's just black plastic plates.I'd like to give this place 3.5 stars, but since I can't award half stars I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.  They're a brand new place and the owner seems receptive to comments, so I think they'll steadily improve over time. It wouldn't surprise me to see more locations popping up around town in the near future.
4	I'm sitting at my desk eating my first helping of Yu Yu's right now. The first thing I noticed when I walked in was the 100% rating. Awesome. I usually take my lunch without a side of crud, so this is going to work out well for me. I ordered the pork rice bowl with carrots, onions, corn, and lotus root. I left off the bean sprouts, per Dave's review. To top it off I chose the ginger scallion sauce. All in all, it's pretty good. I can tell that the food is very fresh and healthy. There is plenty of meat and veggies (I'm actually getting a pretty full and I'm only half done) and the little chips thrown in the container are good.I guess it was just me, but the sauce isn't what I thought it would be. It's alright, but a little...The place wasn't extremely crowded, but that is fine with me as the only time of day I can't stand crowds is at lunch. I did see the comment cards on the table with the little pencils, so as the other reviewers stated, the owner is open to suggestions. While it's not the best food I've ever had in my life, I can see myself eating here as often as the budget will allow. It's fast, simple, healthy, and pretty tasty, so that will do just fine.
3	Meh....it was ok.This restaurant is good for a change if you get tired of Yorkmont Cafe, Subway, or Jersey Mikes. It has the assembly line ordering system as Tre said. I ordered the rice, tofu, carrots, pineapple, and corn bowl (which didn't come in a bowl at all). They give you plenty of rice, and a good helping of the meat, in my case tofu (they were in large chunks). For the sauce, I chose the Pineapple ginger. I mixed it all up and it was ok, not too flavorful. I crunched up the "chips" that came with it to add something to the meal, but still didn't work. I finally broke down and added 2 packets of soy sauce, which seemed to liven it up a bit. I chose the tofu because I didn't want anything too heavy on the seasonings, but I felt like they didn't season the tofu enough. You could definitely taste all the ginger in everything (believe me, ginger is in just about everything there), but it can be toned down a little. Next time I go back, I will try the pork or chicken....
1	Bad food... and lots of salt.I work very close to this place.... So I gave it a try when they first opened. The chicken tasted like fridge and my mouth had the tipical aftertaste of burning salt that cheap food leaves.Today, I gave it another try and went for the noodles.... they were horrible!Now I am back in the office and hungry. Threw away the meal I bought 15 min ago.I think they have a good concept, but it has been poorly executed. The food is just bad.
2	While Yu Yu's idea is good-in essence a create-your-own stir fry, the execution and quality of the ingredients leaves much to be desired.I chose the roast pork-which had no resemblance to roast pork.  It came out overly sweet and dripping in some sickly liquid-to the point where the pork had a mushy consistency.Nothing really noteworthy about the vegetables-they are stacked on top of the meat-which is in turn stacked on top of the rice.  While the idea of the cubed, chilled pineapple is very appetizing, in practice the pineapple was tasteless and mushy (much like the pork)The sauces aren't anything special either-I opted for the smokey chili (tasted very chalky and overly salty) and the pineapple ginger (watery, tasted of neither pineapple nor ginger-more like pineapple juice straight out of a metal can)The portions are generous and pricing reasonable-the two elements which prevent Yu Yu from getting 1-star- but this raises the question-what good are generous portions if the quality is lacking?
4	I come here often and get the salad.  I love the lotus root, creamy Chile sauce and that green sauce!
3	3-3.5I may the ONLY one who doesn't like the concept of Yu Yu's ...but it's really no fault of theirs since I am way too indecisive for this kind of joint.So what did I get ? The noodle bowl with chicken .. and for my veggies (cough) everything. Yep, couldn't decide. When I asked what was good she replied everything (which I hate by the way...I'm not asking for that answer) so I went a little crazy with it and got everything. I just found out I really enjoy lotus root by the way...I went with the two popular sauces green/creamy...both were tasty. Overall it was good  but I found the noodles to be a little slimy...my meal was definitely a hodge-podge but that was my own fault.  I would like if they had some pre-planned options.  I wasn't sure what to pair with what since I do not do a lot of Asian cooking myself. Since this place is so close to my office I will go again - this time with someone who has a particular thing they get and love..that way I can just copy it so I wont be completely in the dark! (By the way if anyone has something they love to get there feel free to message me and let me know)
5	Love this place.  Love fresh veggies and grilled meat.  They offer healthy options in a world of fried crap.  If you like home-made quality food, this is the place!  If you like eating fries and junk every day, you will probably want to try somewhere else.
3	It's been closed for a couple of months but it was an ok place albeit a little pricey.  Sign Says "Junior's Pizzeria" coming soon.
