2	Don't go in the Drive Thru if there are more than 3 cars. You will sit there for 20 minutes.
5	Lifetime favorite. Restaurant was recently renovated,  added more seating, and updated decor.
5	Love me some A&W.   Best fast food out there and there needs to be more of them!
4	This location always prepares everything well, fresh, fast, and they are friendly.  I visit here from work in Sun Prairie, maybe once every couple of weeks.  My normal selection is the Coney Dog Combo but with cheese curds.  Kind of on the expensive side (give the cheese curds substitution), at $8.00 and some change, but a nice alternative from the same old crap.The cheese curds are awesome.  They are soft and have a light coating of breading (probably just flour), compared to Culver's, which is more breading than crust, and normally not even melted.I'd recommend going here if in the area and in the mood for some better fast food.
3	I love the root beer ! Service and atmosphere was cafeteria-like, food was average. Chicken strips and cheese curds were good.
4	Classic, just like you remember.,,,,Perhaps, like me, you remember trips to the A&W as a kid on a hot summer day to get that enormous, frosty mug of sweet, cold root beer as a special treat.  I remember agonzing over the decision, ice cream cone or frosty mug of beer (parents wouldn't let us have both). I hadn't stopped into an A&W in a long, long, time and was looking for something a little less fast-foody on my drive south when I decided to stop at this A&W.  I've driven by it on the interstate a hundred times on my way back and forth from Minneapolis to Madison but had never before stopped in.I got a burger and fries, which were fine, but the real treat was a real frosty mug (eat in only) that I could fill myself at the beverage counter with straight from the barrel A&W root beer.  Now that was a really something special.
2	I feel like the food at A&W has continued to go downhill the last few years, and although my visits have become few and far between, the food gets consistently worse. I wish we would have circled around the drive thru and given the food right back. Bland burgers, bland hot dogs, and expensive as all get up. I don't think I'll be back at A&W unless I hear things have gotten better.
