5	We had several Bids because the  tech and YES Air Conditioning said we had a crack in our furnace.. causing a carbon Monoxide leak. We went for a week without heat. YES Bid over 9000 for a Rheem system.  Leo Murrieta of Phoenix came over to give a competitive bid ( three companies had already come out after the YES diagnostic and gave bids for a cracked furnace ) Leo looked and thought something was odd.. and sent another tech out ( an no charge to us ) to open up the furnace. No one else did that.There was NO LEAK NO CRACK... Leo said we had a good furnace , it and our AC system was probably good for another two years. He gave us a bid of 8000 for a TOP of the line Trane system... but said we wernt ready.PHOENIX AC  actually left a 8000 sale on the table because they were HONEST and ETHICAL !!PLEASE, REWARD THIS GREAT COMPANY FOR THEIR ETHICAL BUSINESS PRACTICES..do NOT  repeat DO NOT  .. hire YES , ARS, Quality AC, or Rightnowair. Especially YES. They WILL scam you, overcharge you, and rip you off.( Quality agreed  there was a crack, their tech was inept and rude.... RightNowAir tech was very nice and seemed knowledgeable.. but agreed with the other two.. he ALMOST got the business.. but now, NO )Good Job to Phoenix AC and the LEO Murrieta for his Honesty, helpfulness, and ethics.
5	A friend referred me to use their service for our office, so I called the office and was greeted by one of the friendliest receptionists I've ever met. One of their managers, Leo, came out to check out our office and was able to help us finally fix the problems we were having with our office's air conditioning. FINALLY, our office has A/C! Will always use Phoenix A/C for our office, very good people.
5	I hired these guys to inspect my 3 systems that have not been looked at for at least 4 years. The tech ,ELJ, was here for 3.5 hours and did a very thorough inspection. Explained how to program thermostats and explained how my whole house circulation system worked. NV Energy tech and his department heads had no clue what this system was.They are very competent people and I was very impressed. As a retired engineer I had a lot of questions. They are definitely my GOTO A/C repair company..
