5	Been here a few times and each time everything was great!
5	Love it here! Dan and his staff are so nice and the ice cream is the best!
5	I stopped here on my way out of town.  It has a wonderful location and even an outdoor place to sit.  Not only was the store beautiful with a plethora of cakes and mini-cones in the display, but the staff was great.  I ordered a cappuccino blast which was my favorite and he made it amazing.  I am rather picky so he was able to accommodate what I wanted.  The blast was the perfect consistency and I was glad to have stopped.  Upon checkout he also asked if I had tried the new ice cappuccino blast and I had said no and he told me about the .99 promotion deal which was very impressive to me.  He also gave me a punch card which was great.  This was one of the best Baskin-Robbins experiences I've had in a long time.  I really was glad to see 31 is still doing great things.
3	Agree that the ice cream and other products are awesomely delicious. My only criticism is that the 8 plus times I have gone, it it filthy. I have never seen someone cleaning other than the owner and the floors are sticky, messy, the seating area sticky and window sills dusty. Needs daily maintenance for me to honestly give it a 5. Sorry guys, good to get BR ice cream but not as pleasant as it could be if only it were CLEAN...
3	Love the Reese peanut butter cup 30 below.
5	you scream I scream we all scream for Ice cream
5	Had a very pleasant visit at this location.  Went there with my son for an evening treat before we head home to Yuma, where there is no baskin robbins :-(. The employees were very nice and helpful.  We will definitely be back once were in town again.
5	Delicious ice cream, helpful store staff, and a very close to the freeway location. We liked it and will stop again on a future trip thru the desert.
4	Love Baskin-Robbins much more then Stone Cold! Wished we had more in the Valley, After having a hard time finding some local Thrifty ice cream open on Sunday? i used the powerful yelp finder for a ice cream near you locator! It brought me here. This place is a little small, can be very cramped if busy. But as usual, they had a lot of different flavors of ice cream. I haven't been to BR in years, since I lived in SoCal. Service was great, had plenty of help there, gave our girls samples to try, and very patient. We really enjoyed our visit, and will come back if were in the area.
1	Horrible service.  Rude and not very comprising with customers.  Kids wanted the Tuesday night ice cream special (half price after a certain time I think) , employee forced kids to wait for 5 minutes. While waiting, a large family walked in and proceeded to charge the family half price! I will never return to this place again!
5	Came in on a Thursday at 4:53 and a kid named Aaron was working. He was awesomely helpful and friendly! We will be back just because of his perfect customer service! Thank you Aaron!
3	It is hidden so just remember it's on the North-West corner of Estrella and Roosevelt.A run of the mill Baskin-Robbins, but the furniture needs to be replaced/fixed badly.  Of course this doesn't matter if you take it home with you.
4	Yummy ice cream. Good service.  I don't remember their ice cream melting so fast but maybe it was just b'c my daughter couldn't keep up!  There's a few tables to sit at so that's always nice.
