5	This place was awesome.  It is the only Filipino restaurant in Madison.  It serves food buffet style all day- we went for dinner and it cost us $8.99 per person.  Drinks are ordered separately- they have a cooler of can soda, juices, etc. to choose from.  The owner informed us they are also pursuing liquor license so they will have a bar soon.  It cost us $21.65 for two dinner buffets plus a bottle of Pepsi and can of diet Sprite.  The food array is pretty impressive- of course they had lumpia (long and skinny meat eggroll type thing).  There were a lot of meat and fish options.  My favorite was the fried pork fat- it's like they fried pork fat to glaze it then stewed it just a little bit.  So yummy but definitely not healthy.  I also had marrow straight from the bone and some coconut chicken stew.  THey also stewed brisket.  There weren't any food labels so you just have to experiment.  I don't mind that because I think each dish was unique and very flavorful.  There were also dessert options- flan, homemade cookies, and sticky rice and taro things wrapped in bamboo!  Sure beats the little frozen cake things most Chinese buffets serve.  The best part- they have karaoke.  I don't know the details like if they charge or not but they have it.  The owner says they get lots of Filipino families on the weekends.  The owner/chef herself is Filipino and also owns the local Filipino grocery store.  She was really nice and came out to chat with us.  She offered us some additional foods like tamarind fish and pork buns.  We were so stuffed by then but we were happy to try a sour fish soup she brought out.  All the food tasted fresh despite the buffet setup.  The ambiance is definitely diner style- no fancy linens and dim lighting to get in the way. The restaurant is straightforward and basically serves up delicious, home-cooked style soul food.  I am excited to try Mabuhay again!facebook.com/MabuhayPhilippineCuisine
5	Not a place you can judge by its location or ambience - you just have to eat the food! Delicious and unique - not getting these dishes anywhere else in Madison. When we moved on to dessert, the chef brought us out 2 piping hot leaves filled with sticky, sweet rice (wish I knew the names of these dishes...) The host was very friendly and answered all questions we had. We look forward to returning for more!
5	I had their sinigang ng pata and the kare-kare (bagoong provided!), and both were out of this world. The owner/host was wonderful and friendly, very welcoming. I plan on coming back this weekend to try out the weekly lechon! So glad this place opened up, and extra happy since the food is so phenomenal.
5	Well, it's the only Filipino place in Madison, and it's better than any that will come in, so it gets five stars!Went for lunch with one of my friends--we were warmly greeted by the owner, who was super nice. There were at least a dozen Filipino dishes, ranging from egg rolls (lumpia) to sweet and sour salmon to a FANTASTIC barbecue skewered pork.Filipino food at its finest. And the desserts?! Purple yam and mango ice cream, sticky rice in some kind of leaf I can't describe.Ugh. It. was. fantastic. And all of this for only $8?!Wake up, Madison. You all need to go there. Now.
5	Philippine restaurants are hard to come by even in larger cities. My husband is Filipino and we've tried a few places while traveling, but I never thought we'd see one come to Madison. And I certainly never expected it to be this good. But it is. Zero atmosphere, but the food more than makes up for it. Everything we sampled from the buffet was outstanding, and as a previous reviewer mentioned the BBQ pork skewers are to die for. We'll definitely be back.It should be noted: it's not even remotely vegetarian friendly. I think the only things on the buffet without some sort of animal flesh were the steamed rice and the desserts.But, all you carnivores - please eat here, I want this place to stick around a while. :)
5	Went here for Sunday lunch, and WOW. This place deserves the five-star status it currently holds for several reasons:- Excellent food. I am no expert in Philippine cuisine, but I love meat, and this place has boatloads of it in a variety of styles: roasted pork, sausages, stewed beef with veggies, fried chicken (super crispy and well seasoned). The only negative was that the fish had been sitting out too long and was dry. -Unique flavors. This was my first time eating Philippine food, and I was surprised by the interplay of sour and sweet in some of the dishes. Lots of okra too. And pork fat. Lots of it. YUM. -Amazing dessert table! I have never had purple yam, and I tried three different desserts with it (a cake, a rice cake wrapped in what I think was a corn husk, and ice cream), the rice cake being my absolute favorite. It had that chewy, gluten-y sweetness that I've longed for since leaving Korea, and the bright purple color was a plus for sure. -CHEAP! My boyfriend and I each got a Pepsi, and the total was $22! They don't even give you the option of tipping on the credit card receipt, so they really don't expect it, but we left $5 because we liked the service a lot (one of the cooks brought out the ice cream to make sure we could try some before we left).
4	The food is delicious.   I don't know what Philippine food is supposed to taste like, but everything I tried tasted great.  This place is not serving the same tired food you see again and again in all those pan-Asian buffets you may have tried.  The shrimp in one of the dishes was delightfully lemony.  I'll be sure to stop by again next time I'm in Madison.     The restaurant is modestly appointed.
4	For the Saturday lunch buffet, there was a pleasant energy when we walked in, top 40 music playing and families enjoying a meal on a sunny day. For the meats, you have whole roasted pig, aka lechon. Shrimp two ways, breaded and fried or with steamed veggies. Two kinds of whole fried fish. Any place that serves fried fish with the heads still on deserves your respect. Side dishes include stews that you would eat alone or atop rice, with ingredients like coconut milk, okra, red peppers, chicken; tomato paste, chicken, pork, green peas, and raisins. All were delicious. I always look forward to dessert and there are desserts galore, including puto (steamed sponge cake), kutsinta (sticky cake), tupig (sticky rice with coconut cream, wrapped in banana leaves), ube (purple potato) flavored icecream, chocolate covered pretzels, and...jello! It's not a buffet unless there's jello. Do not expect the menu to coddle you. The food is made with love, and there will be shrimp, pigs, and fish with their heads still on. There will be lots of meats and starches, so prepare to leave stuffed!
4	The proper English translation of Mabuhay is "Welcome" but at the restaurant, it also could mean "Give your best guess to what you are eating"This small restaurant tucked away in a strip mall is simple in it's setup.  A long steamer table filled with an assortment of rice dishes, soups, and entrees.  Another table houses desserts of various forms...ice creams, mangoes, sticky rice, and a Filipino favorite-cheesecake (Alright, I don't know that for sure but who doesn't like cheesecake!?).  Beverages are self-serve out of the cooler in the back of the room.My friend and I came for dinner on a cold blustery Thursday night.  This was our first foray into Filipino food and overall, I was satisfied.  Nothing truly stood out and without any reference to what the dish was or what was in it, we were left guessing at  what we were eating.  I appreciate the fact that everything is homemade and cooked by the owner and therefore I gave it an extra star in my rating. I worry that if it doesn't tackle the basics, the restaurant will only be a novelty for those people looking to try a new food but not willing to come back as repeat customers.
4	Delicious food with some very unique flavors.  I particularly liked the salmon (surprising how good this was on a buffet line), a stew/cacciatore-like item, fried-rice, and an eggplant dish.  Everything seemed to go well together although there was one very bitter vegetable that I could not finish.  I found out later that a very popular item was not on the buffet the day I went, so I'll be sure to call ahead next time.  Also, there were no appetizers out when I went and I was anxious to try the BBQ pork skewers.A nice variety of dessert choices on the buffet too, all that we sampled were very good.A couple things others have mentioned that I echo, it would be nice if there was some information about what the buffet items were named and a general description and nothing to offer atmosphere-wise (though everything was clean!)Looking forward to my next visit.
4	Pros: -cheap (lunch $8, dinner $9, drinks additional)-lots of meat -decent # of desserts. -white noodles are good and beef soup is good -curry dish was excellent -service is great; our waitress asked if we would come back again at the end. Cons:-decoration is a little lacking.. lack of ambiance. -location: wish it was a little close to the campus area overall it was nice to see a new philipino restaurant in Madison.
4	Meat, meat, and more meat!  (I would have actually been happy with a few more vegetable options in the lunch buffet).  Food was good, owner was nice and enthusiastic and came by with some extra goodies from the kitchen.  Will have to go back on Friday or Saturday evening for the whole pig meal!  Hope they are successful - last time I was here it was a Mexican bakery!  I don't like Yelp reviews that seem to equate "lots of food for your $" with "great", but you definitely get plenty of options (i.e. meat, fish) for a heck of a price.Totally casual environment, not a lot of "ambience", but I'd go back.
4	David F. and I agreed that having dinner at Mabuhay was like going home after a long absence, where our moms/grandmas make all of our favorite dishes and keep refilling our plates even after we are way beyond full. Except in this case, we were doing the refilling ourselves...Although served buffet-style, the food has a definite home-cooked feel.  I've never had filipino food before, but if I were a betting woman, I'd say that this is about as authentic as you can get! The food looks a little stale sitting out in the open the way they have it - and honestly I'm surprised that they are able to keep the insects out - but you can definitely tell that the food is prepared with a lot of care. For the selection of dishes that was available during the dinner hours, the $8.99 price tag was quite reasonable.Now on to my favorite part of the meal: the steamed pork buns. Mabuhay's steamed pork buns are hands-down the best I've ever had. Better than those at any dim sum restaurant I've been to, both in the states and abroad. If it wasn't for all of the refined carbohydrates, I would probably have the buns for breakfast, lunch, and dinner!Finally, the owner of the restaurant is a super sweet filipino lady! As we were wrapping up our meal, she stopped by with a takeout tin full of suman (sweet sticky rice steamed in banana leaves) for us to take home and told us to grab some more on the way out. Seriously, how sweet is she? We probably looked like broke college students..TIP: Bring cash to tip. There is no place to tip on the receipt if you are paying by card, but they definitely deserve it! :)
1	It is all you can eat because you can't any of it.  Cold food and no labels on items.  Several people took one look and left.  They were the smart people.
2	I mainly wanted to comment on the hygiene here.  The waitress wiped off our table lackadaisically missing a nice gooey spot, then plopped down a thin napkin into the wet surface as a germ barrier.  I eyed her hands warily as she handled our silverware close to the receiving end.  I had a cold, so I was more aware of sharing germs in public.  To my surprise, one of the buffet steam tables did not have a sneeze guard.  One light cough from me and the whole place would share my respiratory cold.  Some of the pots had plastic ladles (bad) and there was no steam coming out of the steam table (I think that's bad).       Given that I had a cold, I did not want to rate the flavors. If you do not like pork, definitely give the lunch buffet a miss.   I do have to scold the chef for leaving bones in the chicken dish.  I doubt it was intentional and certainly not habitual,  but it I had to spit out two spoonfuls into my napkin before I gave up disgusted. The fish soup was good and would probably be better w/o a cold.      Just a note to the owners if you should read this, if you remedy the hygiene issues, I will gladly pull this review.
4	It was difficult to decide between a four and five star review. They excel with their food and fail at the basics. The coffee is instant and awful. The tea was instant and apparently some sort of tropical tea blend. It was worse than the coffee. All their other beverages are housed in glass convenient store coolers. The waitress was very nice but easily distracted. However, their food is terrific. It's a small buffet of about eight items. None of the food suffered the usual buffet pratfalls (old, chewy, burnt, or plain forgotten). The real treat is that all the dishes are homemade. The food reminded me of food I would eat at a person's home. The food is spiced but not spicy and because of that the dishes have a deep intriguing flavor that spice- babies could enjoy. There is a subtly and beautifully spiced white cream sauce that comes with wonderfully large and freshly cut sweet potatoes and  green beans.The curry is excellent. It has the classic neon yellow glow of good curry sauce. It has large chunks of potatoes, carrots, okra, and beef. The beef is nicely tender.Another dish was filled with various beans, vegetables, and chicken on the bone cooked to oblivion. It's all housed in a succulent deep red sauce of chicken fat and paprika. It was a little like gumbo and a little like authentic goulash. It was masterful. The fried chicken is very good although it does seem out of place. The salmon was a single fillet nicely cooked and lightly seasoned. It flaked apart perfectly.They have other dishes as well. Personally, I am suffering from food amnesia. The food is fantastic. The atmosphere is lacking. The lay out is tight. The drinks are awful. The servers are mediocre. But, I reiterate, the food is fantastic.
5	I went at lunch time on a weekday and couldn't have had a better experience. I dread going to new restaurants because I don't eat gluten or dairy, but when I asked what buffet items were gluten- and dairy-free, one of the cooks came out and told me what to avoid--and it was only about 4 dishes out of 15 or 20! Not only that, but the food was all hot and DELICIOUS. I'd never had Philippine cuisine before, but I will *absolutely* be going back.As for service, there was one server covering the entire restaurant, but it's a small place, and it was a buffet, so she had no trouble keeping up with everyone. She checked in on our table several times throughout the meal and always kept our water glasses full--an important plus in my book.The price was great. Only $7.99 for the lunch buffet (and $8.99 for dinner). I can't remember the last time I ate so much amazing food for such a small cost.I didn't have time to investigate the little market area in the back, but it looked like they had imported snacks and treats to take home.
2	After seeing the amazing reviews, I was expecting to love this place.  At noon on a weekend, the food on the buffet was barely warm, making the food not very appetizing.  Maybe it was just a bad day for this restaurant, but I would not return.  The service was very friendly.
1	The other reviews on here somewhat swayed us into trying this place out, we found and bough a groupon too; Once we got here, the buffet was very small, about 8+ items, the fish pieces were horribly dry and full of tiny bones, more like fish jerky with fish heads attached, most other dishes appear very dry, several hours old, only two other parties were at the restaurant on a Saturday night around 7 pm ....This was a bust and will never repeat...Most items did not taste well enough to eat
4	As one of the few Asians in Madison (let's be honest here, there aren't too many), I can definitely vouch for this place's authenticity (and let's be honest again, you wouldn't know even if I was lying or not).Anyways, Philippine cuisine is definitely something that takes a little getting used to. Because it's influenced by so many different cultures (Malay, Chinese, Spanish, Latin, etc...), you will find a variety of foods cooked in a variety of ways. They like to pair flavors up, especially something sweet with something salty or sour. There are a lot of meat-based dishes, with chicken, beef and fish as the main staples. They also like to cook with bananas, mangoes, coconuts and eggplants, so expect dishes including one of those. When it comes to display, they are definitely not subtle about it. Entire fish heads will be left out, along with various cow parts, so get ready for it. I could go into each individual dish we sampled, but that would take way too much work. I'd highly recommend giving this place a chance, but do come with an open mind (and taste buds).   This was definitely a unique experience for me, and I highly enjoyed my meal. The flavors aren't completely in line with what I prefer, but I'm glad I gave this place a chance.Plus, a buffet for ~$8 is a complete steal!
3	I feel a bit generous giving the three stars, but I'm giving an extra star for the novelty factor.  Having never tried Philippine food, I felt the trip was worth it just for the experience.We were there on a Friday night for dinner, and the buffet appeared to be well-stocked and inviting.  The space was small, but there were plenty of open tables.  There was a TV playing what might have been a Philippine TV station or movie.  The place was also stocked with dry goods and personal hygiene items, like a little convenience store.The buffet was haphazardly labeled, so some dishes were quite the mystery to me.  There was an assortment of flavors - from salty to sour to slightly sweet.  The food was a bit greasy for my taste.  There was a good amount of meat, including skewered chicken that was a hit at my table.  The whole fish pieces had a jerky-like texture.  There were a couple of thin soups, a vegetable curry, rice noodle with vegetables, fried rice, and white rice.I did delight in a purple yam dessert - cut into flat little rectangles like a cookie bar.  This tasted fresh and wholesome, and just a bit sweet.  There were about 2-3 other desserts that I had never experienced before - including white rice wrapped in banana leaf and a gelatinous coconut-flavored bar.  The dessert bar also had some fruits, flan, and peanut butter cookies.For me, I think once was enough for this particular restaurant.
2	I've been here twice. I really want to love it, but I just can't. There are a lot of other ethnic restaurants doing great work with their food, especially here in Madison, but I just don't see this place doing the same thing.The service and location is just not good. No one greeted us at the door, we sat ourselves down, and we just started eating. The placement of the buffet was a little awkward, but not as awkward as figuring out what the food was. I'm Filipino, so I could recognize most of everything, but my friend had a real hard time. The biggest thing that caught me off guard is that it just seems lazy or sloppy. And how attractive is that for a restaurant?I could mostly forgive this stuff if the food was great (see Melly Mel's). But the rice was off, and the dishes were overcooking in the steam trays. That left maybe three items overall that were edible. I was able to eat some of the veggies and the sinigang (a sour soup) with the rice, but none of it was very balanced.Ugh. This review is making me sad. I have to review something good next.
4	I tried this place tonight.  The buffet had several tasty options.  I enjoyed everything I tried.  This is a family run place.   I thought it was very welcoming.  I can see why folks have complained about the service in other reviews.  I found the service to be low-key, but still accommodating.  You just make yourself at home.  To me, it felt like I'd been invited over to a family dinner.  There is a wide selection of beverages.  The price is very reasonable, especially for the kids.  And I found it very kid-friendly (assuming your children are accustomed to ethnic foods).
1	Not a very good selection. Had to wait for food to come out. Lots of fried options. Wanted to like it. Just didn't sit well. Sounds like timing at this place is crucial.
4	The buffet bar was filled with many of my favorite childhood dishes. For non-Filipinos patrons, I would appreciate labels and short descriptions of the dishes as I had to describe these to my SO. I can only imagine the amount of guessing involved if I wasn't available. Otherwise, there's a good selection of dishes and desserts.
2	I was really disappointed in the quality of food and service at Mabuhay. The style of the buffet just seemed really cheap and off-putting. All the food was left out with no lid and EVERYTHING I tasted was extremely dry as if it had been sitting there for hours, untouched. Also, most of the condiment bottles were empty, so I had to eat my dry lumpia with no sauce, making it really bland. The man who took our drink orders and was supposed to greet and seat us (the chef's husband I think) wasn't really the best at customer service. He seemed a bit rude when we tried to make small talk with him. The entire time my family was dining, the restaurant's phone kept ringing and it was REALLY shrill, yet nobody would pick it up! And it's not like the restaurant was busy... there were only two tables occupied. The phone ringing really bothered me and made it even more impossible for me to enjoy my meal. The only nice thing about my dining experience at Mabuhay was that they gave us a serving of purple yam ice cream once we were done eating, which was quite tasty. I'm not sure if the ice cream was made in house, but it tasted way better than any of the other food I had.I'm surprised at the number of positive reviews on here, so maybe I just visited on a bad day when the food had been left out for too long and got really dry. Regardless, I will probably not be returning. Next time I'm craving lumpia and pancit, I'd be better off making it myself at home.
4	Sunday brunch yesterday - enjoyed having Filipino longanisa and eggs - along with delicious fried tilapia and many other dishes.  The selections were freshly made and tasted great.  Everything was labeled - but if you don't know what something is or what something is made of, just ask -  the staff is friendly!  The server (owner's son) was polite and efficient in keeping the tables cleaned.  After we finished eating and just before we left, the owner and head chef (Cita) was just finishing fresh pork siopao (steamed buns) and insisted we each take one home.  So glad she did because they were DELICIOUS!Nice selection of freshly made Filipino deserts, as well.  Nice part of this buffet, as many Filipino buffets I have been don't include deserts.We left full and satisfied!  Adult prices: Weekday $7.99 lunch/$8.99 dinner.  Weekend is $8.99 all day.   Seniors (55+) and children prices are also available.
5	Delicious Filipino cuisine. Authentic as it gets... Made me reminisce of being back in the PI!!!!
1	I bought a Groupon to go try Mabuhay Philippine Cuisine, and The Wife and I finally went to use it for dinner this past Saturday. We had heard good-ish reviews for Mabuhay, and were excited to try a new style of food. Unfortunately, the whole experience, from start to finish, ended up being terrible, which led us to give the restaurant the nickname of "Mabu-bye." We actually walked out of the restaurant before we had even taken a single bite of food, but, lest you think I'm being unfair in this review, please read the whole thing.The restaurant is located in a small strip mall along S Park Street, which wasn't a big deal to us because some of our favorite restaurants have been located in strip malls. Our first warning of things to come should have been that there was only one other car parked in the lot at 6:00 pm on a Saturday evening, but we walked in anyway. Upon entering the restaurant, we discovered that there was no one at the cash register, and no indication of whether to seat ourselves or wait for someone to seat us. We saw one waiter running around getting drinks for the 3 tables that were eating, but he never once looked at us. After standing awkwardly in the entrance for a few minutes, we decided to just sit down at a table, at which point a woman who had been sitting and eating at one of the other tables got up and said, "Yes, wherever you want." Well, that would've been helpful a few minutes ago!So, we sat down at a table, and the waiter came over another few minutes later to ask if we wanted drinks. Both The Wife and I ordered water, which he brought out, but  it was lukewarm (no ice at all) and the glasses were barely 3/4 full. He then walked away without saying a word about ordering food.Now, going in, we knew that the food would be served buffet style, but the waiter did not say whether we could just go up to the buffet or whether he would bring us plates to use first. So, I got up and went to look at the buffet. I discovered a stack of maybe 6 plates that I thought were clean (though I'm still not sure they were), some silverware, and one bowl. I also glanced at the buffet items, and thought, "Oh, god, what have we gotten into?" The Wife came up to join me at the buffet, and while she was looking over the options, I started to serve myself some rice. I dug the rice scoop into the rice cooker only to discover that the rice was so overcooked that it was too hard to push the scoop into. So, I changed my mind about the rice and went to look more closely at the other food options.None of the dishes were labeled, so it was a complete guessing game as to what food you might be serving yourself. The stuff that looked like chicken skewers were just sitting in a metal tray perched precariously on the edge of the buffet station, but they looked old and dry. One of the pasta dishes looked so slimy that it literally made me gag, and the other noodle dish looked old and crunchy, which is not how I ever want to eat noodles. The remainder of the dishes looked funky, old (like they had been sitting out for a while), and, again, we had absolutely no idea what any of them actually were.Given how terrible EVERYTHING looked and how bad our initial service experience had been, we set our plates back on the table, left $1 to tip for the water, and walked out. I wish I hadn't wasted money on the Groupon to this place, but that sunk cost was minimal compared with our desire to just say, "Mabu-bye" to this disgusting restaurant.
5	Businesses can not explain or defend themselves also. If you knew how hard these people work to bring you the best Filipino food in this area. How they struggle to get quality help. And how they do everything from the prep to the cooking. Making the deserts. Even washing the dishes. Maybe just maybe they are a family owned and trying. I asked and they are willing to explain this. The wife is the only cook. She is very good at what she does. And when there is no server she has to stop cooking. Then the food gets delayed. She explained that the money is so tight that they can't afford to pay for help. I feel for these types of hardworking people. Not just here but all the small individual independent restaurants. I enjoyed the conversation and the food was very good. I even received a scoop of filipino purple ice cream. Ube it was called. She said they do this sometimes just to be friendly. Support small businesses Not hurt them. 1100 restaurants in Wisconsin closed last year. Keep hurting them. And guess what? You will be eating chain restaurant food. Not unique foods like this.
1	Skip this place!! Came because of Groupon, but will never go back. Food was subpar. Walked in and nobody seemed to care that we were there. The majority of the dishes were not even labeled. Don't waste your time.
5	As an American born Filipino with a large, loud immigrant family, this place feels like home in a lot of ways, especially the most important way- the food.Buffet style, great classic Filipino dishes like bangus (smoked vinegar whitefish), puncit (noodles), adobo, lumpia, and sinigang (sour broth beef and veggie soup- I put mine over rice). Don't expect fancy table settings or service- this is a down home place- come for the food and the Pinay aunties' gossip-chatter.
