4	I ventured out to the Scottsdale Culinary Festivals Social at the new J&G Steak house tonight.  The site of the former Mary Elaine's has been re-invented with a modern zen appeal.  Did not have time tonight to dine, but definitely will return based solely on two items:  1.) Jean-Gorges concept in Phoenix.  2.) The interior design coupled with the view!  There are also dining options on the terrace with 2 gas fire pits.  It was a mob scene tonight, but I am definitely looking forward to meeting friends for cocktails and savoring the moments here.
4	The Phoenician fucking rocks, OK?The city view is ++. Serious. If I had taken a date there instead of going with a client, I totally would have gotten some ass.Service - great. Wine - great. I bet the cocktails are, too, but I didn't have one. I did have the $38 per person seafood appetizer which is pretty much a meal on it's own - a lobster tail, some clams, oysters, mussels... good stuff, and with 4 sauces, not 3, not 5. 4. There will be a test later. Only downside, it tasted like the seafood had been prepared then refrigerated. For $38 per person for an appetizer, motherfuckers, youse betta make dat shit fresh homie. Don't give me no chicken of the sea buuuuuulllllllll shit! OK maybe that's a little over the top. It could have been better, but it wasn't horrid. The side dishes were tasty. I had the steak frite, a hangar steak with fries, kinda frenchie style and shit, cuz I gots class yo. The quality of the beef was high, it was very tender, the chef understood what "Medium Rare" means, it was like quality and skill in preparation came together to make a perfect steak, om nom nom. The fries though kind of had a frozen safeway brand quality to them. How do you fuck up french fries? One of the other dinner attendees had the filet, which looked tender and juicy and perfectly cooked, and I have to say the salmon was beautiful and translucent and perfect looking, enough so that I was actually impressed. The sides were A OK. We didn't have any creamed sides - just the normal variety. The food is good but the ambiance is better. I hate writing that. it's still 4 stars.The best seating is by the window, no doubt. I saw some douchetard there with his lady, sitting by the window - facing AWAY from it. Yo homie! No ass for you, you're doing it wrong.
5	Move over Mastro's!  Step aside Ruth's Chris!   The J & G has come to Phoenix and I cannot begin to tell you how impressed I am with everything at this phenomenal restaurant.  It occupies the space formerly known as Mary Elaine's on the 5th floor of the Phoenician Resort.  The brand new decor took several months of renovations and obvious attention to detail.  The sleek ultra  modern interior is warm and very comfortable.  Each table offers splendid views above the city.  It now rivals thae views of Elements which is on the other side of the mountain. The tables are large and very accommodating.  The seats are also big and roomy.Our party was first treated to a selection of their specialty drinks.  Loosely based on the classic, but with their own twists.  Followed by a few wonderful appetizers.  Unfortunately I arrived late and missed most of those.  What I did not miss was the 36 ounce Filet Mignon and a glass of delicious pinot noir.  I ordered mine Medium well because I do not like blood on my plate.  We all shared many sides- creamed spinach, aparagus, mac and cheese and potatos au gratin plus several others that never made it to my end.  Thats okay I was full anyway and ended up taking my filet home along with some seared peppers that really brightened up the already fantastice flavor of the meat.  I had two more meals in that To Go container.  The service was extremely polished and still friendly.  Our party was quite active and I am sure a little boisterous at times, but the staff at J& G made us all feel welcome and cozey.  This gorgeous place would be great for celebrations of any kind , romantic or otherwise.
5	The ambiance is chic, and the view to die for! Definitely make sure to ask for a table by the patio so you can soak in the night-scape. Service was awesome, and the crowd was pretty mature.  We started with the calamari and a round of Kumamoto oysters. However, they mistakenly brought us Hama Hama oysters so we ended up getting a second round of oysters on the house!  I recommend any of the following steaks for your entree: rib eye, porterhouse, peppercorn NY steak if you like it peppery. From the sauces, I enjoyed the bearnaise and the miso mustard cause I prefer heavy/creamy. Others in our group found the spicy chili sauce interesting. The house steak sauce was *yawn* boring.  For sides, the standout was the creamed spinach. The grilled mushrooms and mac n cheese lacked oomph. Wish we ordered the potatoes au gratin instead. We glanced at the dessert menu, but we were too stuffed. Although I was impressed when our waiter informed us that the warm chocolate cake was invented by Jean Georges himself. If only we had saved room for dessert! If only we hadn't received the free round of oysters!  After a decadent meal here, DEFINITELY enjoy a little sippy on the patio. There are comfy cushioned seats around the firepits with the stars above and the Phoenician pools below. The perfect end to the perfect meal.
4	J&G is SO close to getting five stars from me, and I'm pretty sure they will once they've completely worked out all the kinks. For starters, they have a stunning dining room -- stark, modern, and hip while also dark, classy, and elegant. This isn't your grandfather's steakhouse, but it's not some Scottsdale scene-over-substance place either. From the fifth floor of the Phoenician, they also boast gorgeous views of the city. But on to the most important part...the food. Everything we had was spectacular -- sweet corn ravioli, chopped salad, filet mignon, crispy spiced onions, and exotic fruit salad for dessert. My main complaint is that nothing came out very hot - the ravioli, steak, and onions were all just warm. But I'll deal with my steak being just warm when it's this amazing - not an ounce or gristle or fat, just pure tender beef, like butter, perfectly seasoned. And at $28 for 8 oz. or $36 for 12, the best steak in the city might also be the most reasonably priced! Another minor issue is the service - while our waiter couldn't have been more friendly and helpful (kindly offering to take back our chopped salad and remake it with a different dressing when we didn't like the dressing it came with), some of the courses took quite a while to come out. I'm all for fine dining restaurants pacing a leisurely meal, but this was beyond leisurely...it was slow, about 2.5 hours total. All said, this was a wonderful experience, and I plan to be back MANY more times for the amazing steaks and more. And why not, when the price is right?!
4	5 stars all the way except for...our waiter - he was in some sort of brain freeze all night.  Thank God the rockin bartender and GM came over and saved the day.  The room is so awesome with the view of the city through huge windows.  The food is top notch and amazingly, moderately priced.  This city is killing me with all of these awesome steakhouses.
4	Went here last Saturday night. I am slowly eating my way through all of the steak joints in PHX. The view is spectacular, the decor is fresh and modern- befitting a proper steak joint. First, I just want to say that this place makes a proper old fashioned. I took a sip, smiled and poured a little on the floor for Don Draper. But when it comes right down to it, you got to judge the place on the food that is part of the name, right? Steak!! I ordered the filet. Usually, I will get a rib-eye or a porterhouse, but it is bikini season after all. Anyway, I order my usual medium rare, we get some asparagus(sp?) and prepare to chow down. Oh, we had oysters to start and they were great, but get some cocktail sauce unless you really love vinegar on your oysters. Back to the steak- her's was perfectly cooked and mine came about medium well. I have officially become a steak snob because I hate when my $45 piece of beef is molested by too much heat!! I sent it back, my date called me a meat princess and I thought I had a great new Yelp name. After lots of apologizing by the very attentive staff, I got my second one and it was perfecto. Second time's the charm I guess. I really liked this place and you will too.
3	I have been wanting to eat here since it opened and finally got the opportunity.  The ambiance and service is excellent, however that was not the reason why I was there.  I was there for the food that a lot of people have been raving about.I read somewhere that the hanger steak was their specialty and I don't disagree.  I had a taste and it was indeed very tasty.  And if I go back I will definitely get it.  And at under $20 it is a steal.  However, I ordered the 8oz filet for myself.  It was cooked properly and tasted good but not memorable.  The individual sauces that you can order on the side were also nothing special.  And yes, the fries were just as everyone on Yelp said they were; good but just like In-n-Out's, but cooked a bit longer.  The sides dishes were ok at best and were a bit on the smaller side.  However, the potato gratin was amazing and better than I have had at any steak place thus far.While it is less expensive than Mastros/City Hall, I think that for a few extra dollars it is worth going to a better place.  In my opinion, Mastros/City Hall have much better steaks and better/bigger side dishes.  However, J & G does have a better ambiance.
5	I don't say this lightly at all, but honestly, this was the best steak I have ever had.  My husband agrees, and he's eaten a lot more meat in his life than me, so that says something.But, first things first. We arrived on a Sunday night with no reservation, but got in straight away.  I had some doubts about the place just on principal as usually hotel restaurants are overpriced and underwhelming.  But we were staying at the hotel and too tired and had seen some pretty good yelp reviews, so we figure, why not?The view was nice, augmented by a great firepit on the balcony.  The service was also excellent, everyone was friendly, helpful, and always there when you needed them, never there when you didn't.  Nothing snooty or condescending.  The crowd was mixed, which I'm assuming it usually is in Scottsdale.  Older retired types, daggy looking tourists from out-of-town, rich old guys with young girls with big fake breasts, people on business trips, etc.  I wouldn't call it trendy.For food we ordered a cold lobster appetiser with aioli, which was excellent. We both had filet mignons with about three sauces on the side, as recommended by our waiter.  The steak was amazing, thick and juicy and tender and full of flavor.  The sauces, as my husband pointed out, were really not necessary, but did kick it up to the next flavor level.  We had a side of asparagus to share.  We are not huge eaters, so sharing a starter, ordering a small size steak each, and one side dish was enough.  If you are a bigger eater you might want to order your own starter and one side dish per person, as the steaks come with no sides.  We ended up sharing the apple tarte dessert, which was good.  The apples were a bit too sweet, but the cinnamon ice cream on the side was just spicy enough to balance the overly sweet apples.Given the quality of the food I thought the prices were pretty fair. I"d go back if I lived in the area, of if I come visit again.  Thumbs up!
2	This had the potential to be the best meal I have had this year and sadly it came way under par. I considered that perhaps I had built it up in my mind but everyone else at the table had the same feeling I did. So, with a heavy heart, I am going to say this meal did not deliver. We arrived early and enjoyed a drink at the beautiful bar. There is not one bad thing I can say about the decor of this place. It is beautiful! Very modern and updated with incredible views of the city from the fifth floor of the Phoenician. The menu for glasses of wine is a short but satisfactory list. There is also an interested beer and cocktail menu. When our entire party arrived (8 people for a birthday celebration) we were promptly seated. That is when things started to go down hill. Our server was very nice and attentive but the food was very overpriced and underwhelming. Phoenix magazine has their Cesaer salad listed as the best in the city. I informed the group of this and sure enough, everyone ordered it! It is made table side (totally unnecessary) but it was NOT what we expected! No one like it - it was entirely too lemony - and i felt guilty for even having suggested it. However, the French Onion Soup was delicious. We were only served bread once our appetizers arrived which I found odd, but no big deal. Our main courses arrived along with our sides, except for one. We had to remind the server to bring it. The sides are very small and really only meant for two people. So, it was difficult to share them with the table which was disappointing. I had the petite filet which was cooked medium rare just as I had asked. Unfortunately, it was not as tasty as I had hoped. It was not bad, but certainly not the best steak I had ever had. Simply mediocre. The mushroom side was salty and the potatoes gratin was good. I didn't get to try any other sides as they were too small to share with a table of 8. My boyfriend has the braised rib which the server had raved about. The meat was falling off the bone (good) but it was the sauces that really made it unappealing (bad). Some one got the lamb chops and felt they were good, but fatty. Two people really enjoyed their rib eye. Nothing but positive things to say there. After our main course, I double checked with the server to make sure he knew it was a birthday. He did and said he would bring out something for him. So, to our surprise, the next time he came to the table, he brought the check and said, "Have a good night." We were all very confused by this interaction. We wondered if the dessert was still coming or if he had somehow forgotten in the past five minutes. He said it was still coming (and it did with his name written in chocolate syrup which was a nice touch). At a fine dining restaurant, the bill should not be brought before we were done eating. It was very odd. We enjoyed the dessert (an apple tart thingy) and some sorbet before finally paying the bill and leaving. Overall, it was a mediocre experience. Our server was very nice and he cannot make up for the food not being excellent, but I think we were all put off by the bill and him saying good night before we were even done eating. But, enjoy the ambiance while you are there.
4	Yes, the view is wonderful. Absolutely. Sadly, my table was near the entrance, limiting my ability to enjoy said view. Also, we are still in the summer months, so I was confused that there was a fire raging outside at night. The decor is wonderful, dark with different tones and moods. We arrived in the early evening, so I was surprised to see how dark the room would eventually become. I didn't find the table and its decor that exciting, but it will give it a pass. Not everything has to be practical art.Our party consisted of five and we were certainly treated to a good sampling of what this place had to offer. Half of the party ordered off of the set price menu. This included a three course meal for something like fifty dollars. It may have even been less than that, but I'm not sure. This menu had an array of choices and wasn't limited to chicken or pork. I was impressed with the portions and the quality. The salads were crisp and the dressing wasn't overpowering, more of an accent, the way it should be. The meat was tender and flavorful; our table ordered the NY, Ribeye and Salmon. I do agree with others who said that the sides were a little small, but I do think they were worth the price. I know for sure the cream of corn was, as it was treated with green chili and a bit of spice. The desert was alright. Not a great deal of variety. The textures were spot on, but the temperatures seems a bit off. If a dish was intended to be served warm, it was slightly too cold, etc.The service was bad. Probably the worst service I've had at any restaurant. Our server left items off of the tab, forcing her to return and run the debit card three separate times. I am okay with someone making a mistake, but it should not take two attempts to correct. Also, my wife and I ordered Mojitos. They were very average. No sugar, which I assumed was standard fare for Mojiots, and amount of mint was rather low. I understand that drinks are open to a bartender's whim, so I won't dwell on this fact.Valet had a bit of trouble with our car and keys, which was annoying.Overall, I enjoyed my experience, food and atmosphere alike. However, the service did bring me down a bit.
2	I had my first visit to the J&G Steakhouse as a part of restaurant week.  Overall the experience was very disappointing and I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.  The meal took over three hours because the time in between courses was at least a 30 to 45 minutes.  This would have been more bearable if the food was worth the wait but while it was cooked perfectly the flavors were unremarkable.  I guess maybe because it was the fixed menu for restaurant week but rather than showcase their best dishes in order to ensure a return visit, they did the opposite and ensured I will never go back to this restaurant.  The flat iron steak was chewy and dry and came served with a side of french fries that would have been more appropriate next to a Big Mac.  The tomato soup was drizzled with truffle oil - a good idea in theory - but the truffles were so overwhelming that it was all you could smell or taste.  And the service was terrible.  I was served a drink and a glass of water when we sat down and not again until I hunted our waiter down before dessert was served and asked if we could please get refills.  Then, after my boyfriend told him he did not want another drink because he was driving he brought him one anyway.  When we got the check, we found out that this extra drink was $40 and we were being charged for it!  To sum it up, I miss Mary Elaine's.
4	Located on the fifth floor at the Phoencian resort, J&G Steakhouse is a dark, open, sophisticated space. If your schedule is flexible, I would recommend dining around sunset to get that extra ambiance. However, even at 8 pm (that is the time we had reservations), the twinkling lights in the distance gave an extra romantic feel.My husband and I decided to have a date night on Friday night, and we chose J&G since it was Restaurant Week and we had been wanting to try it. As most other reviews have said, the service is incredibly lacking and is only 2 stars. Luckily the food is exceptional and pretty much makes you forget how poor the service is that you are receiving. We both ordered the RW menu - I had the caesar salad, parmesan crusted chicken, and the chocolate cake with caramel ice cream. The caesar salad was very fresh and for an appetizer was quite large. The chicken was the highlight for me. You get two nice sized chicken breasts (I could only eat 3/4 of one because they were so large)...the chicken was so incredibly moist. Plus the parmesan crust on the chicken gave it an upscale fried chicken feel and had a hint of saltiness to it which I loved. The chocolate cake was sinful - once you broke into the cake, there was molten chocolate inside which was complimented perfectly by the ice cream. My husband loved all of his food (tomato soup, hanger steak with fries, apple tart) and even shared the french fries that came with his steak with me (the fries were salty and delicious). With our entrees, we also ordered a side of the mashed potatoes which were amazing. They were so smooth and had just the right amount of butter in them. I only wish the side had been bigger because we argued over who got the last scoop!For a beer, two RW menus, and a side of mashed potatoes, our bill before tip came to $79 which we thought was great. For a nice, resort steakhouse, the prices on the regular J&G menu are incredibly reasonable and we are already planning another trip back to try more items on the menu!
2	9/23Had a friend meet me here for Restaurant Week.  We both weren't dressed for the Phoenician, but I didn't care (and soon, he didn't either).  It's a good thing, too, bec. in the end, we found that this place wasn't ostentatious nor that pretentious.  Dressed casually, we still managed to have a good time, despite the overall lackluster dining experience.First off, let me say that the service could pick up their heels a bit.  By the time we received our expensive alcoholic beverage choices, more than 20 minutes had elapsed.  ($15 for a glass of Cab and $11 for a tiny glass of mimosa?  Are you serious??)  Our first plate, a sub-par Caesar salad, arrived close to an hour after we were seated.  But perhaps the fault wasn't entirely J&G's... Digestif's Caesar salad pretty much demolished all other competitors, I'd say.  How about I testify that tonight's salad was crispy.  That's saying something nice, right?  No flavor, no creamy eggy goodness, but somewhat crispy.  The decimated croutons didn't help the situation...For the entree, we had the skirt-steak & frites.  The latter weren't any better than what you would find at McDonalds'.  (Seriously, I'm not making this up.  Just check out the photos and you'll see I'm all about the truth!)  But the skirt steak!  This baby wasn't much to gaze at, but it was tasty.  Let's just say it was delicious enough for me not to cry over the expense we spent that night on a barely-touched salad, a cheap cut of steak, three beverages, and tip.  Now onto the star of the show... chocolate cake w/ caramel ice cream!  Wait for it... homemade caramel ice cream!  And chocolate-lava cake shaped like a star.  Oh. My. Freakin'. God.  This should be renamed "Foreplay."  Nice ambience, despite it being darker than I would like and that we were seated far away from the panoramic views.  I appreciated the privacy, though.  Women's restroom was clean and orderly, and walking past little caches of wine bottles was a nice touch.  The grounds looked pretty, but I was more impressed w/ the property at The Arizona Grand...
2	Finally made it to J&G Steak House located in the Phoenician resort in the former Mary Elaine's restaurant. J&G is brought to us by Michelin starred chef, Jean-Georges Vongerichten of NYC. Upon arriving we entered the bar and liked what we saw. The bar is a fantastic environment with views overlooking the valley and a high-end modern design. Looking to impress the significant other I would definitely hit the bar. The crowd in this part of the restaurant seemed to be with it, as they were all dressed to the nines; especially the ladies.But I wasn't there to gawk, I was there to pound some steak. We were quickly seated and a bus person  had some bread on the plates in seconds. That's where it stopped working like perfection. We were hanging out for 20 minutes before the waiter even approached the table. True to form with the rep Jean-Georges NYC restaurant of lousy service I might add. The service really didn't get much better from that point on. After placing the drink order we were waiting another 10-15 min before the first cocktail even arrived. I don't want to be rushed, but for god sakes get me a drink.We finally ordered about an hour after being seated. My wife and I shared a Raw bar appetizer for two and a Caesar salad. The appetizer was very good and full of fresh fish and they did not skimp on the lobster. We were very pleased at this and looked at the price of $32/person as not being too bad for this type of place with the amount of lobster you get plus oysters etc. Next came the Caesar salad which was okay. They use the heart of romaine so it's a little pale in comparison to most Caesar preparations but not bad, just not something you're going to say "wow, what a great Caesar salad".My wife ordered the pepper steak and I grabbed the 12oz Filet. We ordered a few sides as we always like to sample, and take home what we don't eat. We decided to try the mac and cheese, the steak fries, and the creamed spinach.The meal arrived and we dug in. I have to say the filet was cooked to perfection. I would have like a little more crust on the steak but as far as steaks go it was nicely done,  and lived up to the rep of the owner. My wife also liked her pepper steak. They serve some very interesting sauces with the steaks so make sure to try all.Unfortunately the sides were a big letdown. The mac & cheese was just a cut above Kraft. Nothing special, just cheese and mac. The creamed spinach had a unique taste but nothing special here either. I always hold creamed spinach up to the impossible to reach standard of Strip Steak in NYC and this version failed miserably. The fries were not bad. We had asked for them well done and they were great. Next was dessert. I ordered the sorbet and my wife ordered the raspberry soup. We both thoroughly enjoyed the dessert. In retrospect the restaurant really needs to step up its service if it's going to hold its own with the likes of Mastros. Mastros has nothing to worry about in regards to J&G. The steak was superbly done, but the service and mediocre sides bring this hyped-up restaurant down in my book. If they had a 2.5 star I would give it that, but I will be forced to give it two even though the steak was great..
3	J & G = my husband's and my first initials.  For that reason alone, I've been wanting to try this Steakhouse.  The menu is created by Michelin starred Chef, Jean-Georges Vongerichten.  The restaurant resides atop the high end Phoenician Resort.  And I've heard many a good review about this place.  Unfortunately, my expectations were too high; my experience at J & G was mediocre.Our team of servers led by Justis was not the problem, the service was fine.  And the drinks were decent too... I especially was happy with my extra dirty Goose martini - it was as big as my head and went down smooth.  But the food was not worth the money!  The rolls they serve don't compare to the popovers at BLT or the bread basket at Mastro's.  The Caesar salad didn't have much flavor.  The Rib eye  steak, while a nice portion, was dry and lacked typical rib eye flavor.  The Chilean Sea Bass was just ok... and I typically love sea bass, especially when it's prepared with a miso-yuzu broth, but I've had better.  And while I didn't try the sweet and sour pork belly, the guys at our table left half of it uneaten.  That's gotta say something.On the other hand, our party of five enjoyed the oyster appetizer and the family style sides (roasted mushrooms, steamed broccoli, and creamed spinach).  We also enjoyed the ambiance, the beautiful view, and the desserts.  My favorite was the carrot cake but we also tried an apple tart and the chocolate lava cake.Bottom line - it really comes down to the food... If you're looking for an incredible steak house, there are a handful of others I'd recommend before J & G.
4	I've eaten here twice now, and the first time was pretty decent, and the second time, was really fantastic, which is why I'm only giving it four stars.The first meal, we had the tuna tartare and the french onion soup.  The tartare was fantastic.  In this day, let's be honest. Tuna Tartare is so ubiquitous that it's difficult to do anything innovative with it, and usually, it's a bit disappointing.  In this case, it was both innovative and wonderfully tasty.  It has really fresh tuna on top of avocado and topped with fine slices of crispy radish--all mixed with a lovely soy-lime syrup. Really, really tasty, and rivals my all-time favorite tuna tartare from Michael Mina.  The onion soup was really, really good--onions that have been caramelized a very long time, and broth with a lot of depth and richness.  Very tasty.  The first visit I had the hanger steak--sure, it's one of the cheapest cuts of meat on the menu, but it wasn't seasoned that well (needed salt), and the sauce i ordered it with (the bearnaise) was fairly underwhelming.  Now, the second visit, I had one of the best steaks in my lifetime (yes, seriously, and I don't tend to exaggerate).  I had the ribeye, which is a prime cut.  It was cooked to perfection (i ordered it medium rare), and for me, the best part was the outside was charred in the best sense of the word.  They must have put the steak on a cast iron pan on both sides as it had a beautifully crunchy and flavorful crust, yet the inside was still wonderfully pink.  Not cheap at $46, but fantastically good.  A few other notes:  the atmosphere is very New York City-like.  It's dark and black, and for us,this is a huge positive--it feels very sleek and modern, and has a beautiful view of the skyline.  additionally, the staff is incredibly warm and friendly.  we brought our 3 month newborn along with us, and they were extremely accommodating.  Troy, one of the managers, I suspect, went out of his way to make us feel welcome and comfortable--granted, we are resort guests and had been there 2 nights out of three, but even so, the staff is incredibly nice and service is excellent.  my sense is go here if you're planning on going big (i.e., getting a nice hearty steak).
4	I am usually skeptical of steakhouses but we had a great meal here.  good oysters and a martini to start, calamari were excellent with the tangy lemon/basil dip, sea bass was cooked perfectly.  give these guys credit for pulling off something that is often attempted and rarely succeeds.
4	We visited J&G at the Phoenician last night for dinner for the first time. I was not sure what to expect since this used to be the long time home of the ever pretentious Mary Elaine's. I could not envision this space as a steakhouse and was guessing it would be still be similar to Mary Elaine's. I was pleasantly surprised when we walked in and saw that it had undergone quite a face-lift. The decor went from stuffy old world charm to modern and sleek. They also were piping in great music which is crucial to creating the hip atmosphere they are obviously striving for. We were sat at a table where we were able to enjoy the amazing view of the Phoenix city lights. The menu provided decent selections which ranged from some interesting dishes to your classic steakhouse fare. One item I had to try was the cheese and truffle fritters, which were not a regular menu item, but on their Valentine's Day menu. They were fabulous and I could have eaten a bucket of them, but I refrained of course in order to be able experience the mushroom risotto and filet mignon. Both were excellent. I highly recommend the risotto because it was very flavorful and filled with creamy parmesan cheese (I am a pretty big fan of cheese if you have not noticed). Overall, we were both very pleased with our experience. The service was a bit lacking which was disappointing because they were not completely packed and should have been a little more attentive. If you have not gone, I would certainly recommend giving it a try for a special occasion or if you are feel like dressing up and enjoying the gorgeous view!
4	My friend was visiting from Brooklyn and wanted to take me out for a fancy dinner. A friend had recommended J & G to us, so we called ahead then headed over on a Friday night. Fastest elevator outside of NYC, seriously. Zipped to the fifth floor in milliseconds. Service=impeccable. Nate was our server and was so friendly. We were helped by several people in the restaurant throughout our dinner, so you get to know most of the staff by the end of the night. (Thanks for delivering the best dessert ever, Khi!) The environs are modern and beautiful. We were seated in one of the outside tables and asked to move to a table closer to the windows (and the view.) We were there a bit early, so the staff were happy to accommodate us. My friend and I both ordered 8-oz filets, broccoli topped with melted parmesan and asparagus simply dressed with lemon and olive oil. The dessert we shared isn't listed on the menu online, but it involved Kuzu sorbet, spiked with merengues on a base of pure creaminess. Highly recommend it. Kuzu is asian citrus and has a really distinctive and refreshing flavor. Along with the French Malbec we shared, it was lovely dinner and night.
5	Friday night was going to be burger night; we were going to go to Relish Burger Bistro, the new restaurant at the Phoenician Clubhouse... (and I was going to get the FTR), but there were no outdoor tables when we arrived, and while the menu was appealing, sitting inside was not, so we decided to head back to J & G to give them another shot.We lucked out at J & G and were given a prime table outside with incredible views... it was me, Jared, my brother, and my parents, and it was a beautiful night!  I was exhausted as I came from an afternoon of drinking and hanging out at both the Giants Spring Training game and The Lodge... but I woke up for the meal that was ahead of me.  I drank water but my dad went for the Elderberry Specialty Cocktail and really enjoyed it and my mom had a couple of drinks too... oh, and my bro had a Steamworks beer!Justis was our server again, and we had several other staff members catering to our every need including an extremely friendly GM.  The fresh bread was better than I remembered from our previous visit.  I started with the wedge salad (and so did my dad and brother).  We were all extremely pleased as the salads were chilled just right, the lettuce was fresh and crisp, and had the perfect balance of tomato, crispy bacon, and blue cheese dressing.  We also shared some appetizers for the table including Crispy Calamari, Parmesan Risotto, and Warm Beets.I went with the Crab Cake for my entree... much better than the sea bass I had previously during my first visit.  Served with avocado, cucumber, and a sweet sauce, the serving size was plenty, and it was delicious!  The texture was crispy on the outside, and warm and creamy on the inside.  I also dug into the sides that we shared at the table including asparagus, creamed spinach, roasted mushrooms, and french fries that came with the burgers... (my mom, J, and Z had burgers).  My dad really enjoyed his Veal Porterhouse.  And as if we weren't full enough, we shared a few desserts.  My favorite was still the Carrot Cake and everyone else loved the Apple Tart.And as I'm typing this review, I'm smiling just thinking about what a memorable night we had at J & G... I'm really happy we gave them another shot!  The other funny thing I'm smiling about is that I just wrote about the menu items we had and that I would recommend, and I think they are getting ready to change their menu... we were told they do so on a quarterly basis.  I just hope that the new Spring menu is as good if not better than the one we had on Friday.  And I hope that our future visits will continue to be five stars as well.  As the saying goes, "you never get a second chance to make a first impression," but in this case, I'm glad we gave J & G a second chance - and I bet they are too... after all, I'm bumping my rating up from three stars to five!  Thanks J & G!
4	Let's get this out of the way first, I'm not a big fan of "fancy" steakhouses.  I tend to think they are stuff, too old fashioned & boring.That said, this place proved to be an incredible night out & meal.  Apparently I was overdue for a "hot date" with my lady friend, and after reading some other Yelpers & checking out the website, I went for it.We booked online reservations, and it was smooth sailing from the start.  We had a table right on the window, that just has incredible views.  The restaurant is dimly lit and has a modern, understated decor.  It is very comfortable and inviting, and it helps showcase the fantastic views of PXH.   ** As a side note for you other "date night couples", the line, "The view here is beautiful, but not as much as you" went off without a hitch.  Cheesy.  yes...  Cliche... YUP... Fantastically awesome... Check Yes!Anyway, I think part of the reason I don't typically like places like this is the servers look at me with a condescending tone, as I don't probably look like I "belong" there, but our server was exactly the opposite.  He was nice, friendly & took the time to really ask what we like to make suggestions.  He picked one of the best appetizers I have ever had, the sweet corn tamales.  I could go, get a drink & just eat those...He was also part of a team of people that are very quick and friendly at serving.  They also don't interrupt you to do thing s like fill water or clean plates.To the food!  My lady friend had your standard Filet & I had the spiny lobster special.  The lobster was mighty fine, as it was served with a taste-tastic Tabasco butter.  I love the little things like that.  We also split some sides - Mac & Cheese and the Roasted Mushrooms.  The mushrooms were incredible.  I've never had anything like that before.Beyond the food, I always take it upon myself to really explore the specialty bar menu, to see how good their "bartenders" really are.  Two slightly buzzed thumbs up!  I had a sour cherry caipirinha that was a seriously well crafted beverage, and again our server made excellent wine & cognac selections for after dinner.As close as some of the other tables are to your own, we really weren't bothered by them.  The drunk pack of cougars next to us were entertaining if nothing else, and the foreign tourists on the other side were having a completely crazy conversation.  All in all, it was a great night, and "Hot Date" night was a hit with my lady friend.  I don't wear non flip-flop shoes often, but I'd definitely dust off my close toed shoes and go here again.  It has just the right mix of a little fancy, casual sophistication, modern and old traditional charm.
4	First off, their side sauces are really nothing exciting. I was very disappointed in them. It's also pricey, but the quality of the food does match the price for the most part. It gets four and not 3 stars for a couple of reasons. It's got a lovely atmosphere; it's very contemporary without feeling cold and unwelcome. They also have a raw bar that had some great oyster options. The clincher for me, though, was the foie gras terrine. It was simply superb. Served warm with crusty bread and rhubarb chutney, I could have eaten the whole thing myself but for the sake of my waistline, I'm glad we were sharing amongst friends. The foie gras was sweet and decadent.Finally, the steaks were good but were no better than any other nice steak house but they had two sides that were very good and made it be a 4-star meal: their potato gratin is simply excellent and their mac and cheese was also very good. We ordered several sides and shared them amongst 6 people and everyone definitely got a good taste of everything. I think sharing a side between two or three would be perfect. Good wine list, good cocktails.It's worth the trip.
4	This definitely sits right up there with Mastro's and Houstons.  I went here for my very first time back in April and I was amazed that first of all, it sat inside the Phoenician Hotel which was such a great atmosphere.  I was impressed with the view, the food, and service.  Our server was very attentive and needless to say always knew about "timing" and never interrupted and barely knew when they were there.  I agree that the food is a bit on the pricey side however someone has to pay for all the upkeep and ambience in that place right?  The view was great too and we sat facing the window that outlooked the fire pit.  The hostess was also friendly and understanding that although we ran a bit late, we still were able to have a table as requested on-line through open table.Everything was great including the dessert!  I think I will one of these days make it back there again.
5	The views!  Totally amazing views!  Whoa!Perfect place for a drink as the sun sets, o ya.Chicken samosas with curried yogurt dip?  Yummers!Sweet Corn Ravioli with basil butter?!  O.M.G.Did I mention the fabby zen-like views? O, I think I did....ok, I am so going back - for the ravioli, I am so craving that.  Right.  Now.
4	I went here last Tuesday for my 25th wedding anniversary. I had been looking forward to visiting J & G ever since they took over from Mary Elaine's. We arrived at our designated reservation time of 7:00 PM but the restaurant was not very full. It is a beautiful place with one of the best views in the valley. It's modern and classy at the same time. Very comfortable atmosphere. My husband had a beautiful floral arrangement waiting at the table for me. We started off by ordering two of their specialty drinks. The Ginger Margarita ($12) and a special Kumquat Mojito. Both were very good. We were informed by the General Manager on a table visit that the Ginger Margaritas are the only drink that is in all of Jean-Georges restaurants worldwide. I ordered the tasting menu for $58.00, which gives you smaller portions of the following food items: Tuna Tartare with Avocado, Sweet Corn Ravioli in basil butter, Halibut with Miso Yuza glaze and Bok-Choy, Grilled petite filet with J & G steak sauce, sauteed spinach, french fries, warm chocolate cake with Carmel ice cream. My husband ordered the Porterhouse $60.00 with a side of mushrooms. They did give us a complimentary dessert of cheesecake with cherry compote and sour cherry sorbet. My husband enjoyed his steak even though he had to send it back to be recooked. My steak was also undercooked but I ended up taking it home so I did not send it back. The steak was not served sizzling hot and the glaze on the Halibut was very spicy. Service was average nothing to rave about. They did make an exception and let me order the tasting menu as I was informed by the server this menu is usually reserved if everyone at the table orders it. I think they wanted to make our anniversary special. I've had better steaks but I gave them four stars since they did go out of there way to make our evening special and the view is fantastic!
5	My boyfriend and I were visiting the Phoenix area for a few days and were recommended J&G by our hotel conceirge. We went out for drinks beforehand and were surprised to learn that many locals did not know about the steakhouse.The restaurant is located near the top of the Phoenician and had a beautiful view. All of the tables in the dining room were set up so that you could see the view during the meal. We went at sunset- it was beautiful. The food was delicious, though pricey (it's what we expected) and the service was impeccable. I would recommend J&G for a romantic date or for a special occasion.
5	Great views, great food, great service and great atmosphere!  We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner here and couldn't believe the neighborhood special - 3 courses for $35!The split pea soup was amazing as well as the bing cherry cheesecake...yum!
5	I went here last summer with my husband when they were offering a prix fixe menu. I got the steamed shrimp salad with champagne vinaigrette, flat iron steak and fries, and warm chocolate cake with caramel ice cream for dessert. My husband got the heart of romaine Caesar salad, a parmesan crusted chicken dish, and cheesecake with strawberry jam and rhubarb ice cream.Everything was absolutely delicious, with generous portions. I've never had a salad as good as the one I had here. My steak was cooked perfectly, and my husband's chicken dish was really good too. Dessert totally stole the show - my molten chocolate cake was paired with a crisp sheet of caramel and a complex caramel ice cream. None of that one dimensional Brach's style caramel...no, this was the kind you get by cooking cream and sugar and butter for a long while on the stove. Buttery, slightly burnt tasting, like the best kind of creme caramel topping in ice cream form. My husband tried it and literally said "Wow!"His dessert was pretty amazing too. A dense, creamy cheesecake not grainy in the slightest, paired with a little sweet strawberry jam and wonderfully tart, creamy rhubarb ice cream. As intense and rich as my dessert was, my husband's was refreshing and light. Who knew cheesecake could be the lighter of the two options for the night?Since we just had the menu and no alcohol or other appetizers, it was just the $35 per person plus tip. Service was friendly and attentive without being officious or overbearing, which is always a plus. The only downside to the evening was that we didn't realize you had to ask to be seated by the window so we could see the awesome views. Instead, we ended up in the middle of the restaurant.I would definitely go back, especially for a new prix fixe menu but even if I had to pay full price. It was a great experience and the food was worth remembering, even a year later!
2	I visited J & G Steakhouse on the last night of my vacation at The Phoenician.  We decided to stay close due to a thunderstorm brewing. Walking into the restaurant I was impressed. The decor is inviting and the view is relaxing. I had high hopes. The menu has something for everyone- steak, of course, seafood and chicken. For a prix fixe, $35, you can have a 3 course meal which I think is pretty reasonable. Both myself and my dinner partner ordered the lobster which was only okay as it was a tad bit overcooked. You may be wondering why I gave this restaurant only 2 stars. Well, I've never had such bad service ( well maybe at McDonalds). Our waiter took our initial order and we hardly saw him again. His assistant, whom he never even introduced, came by to offer additional rolls and eventually take our dessert order. For example, I ordered a glass of wine but no one ever asked if I needed a refill instead someone just took my glass away when it was empty.  We did make a comment to our waiter about not seeing much of him and were met with random chitchat-- very odd.  In the end, the manager came over and we expressed how we felt. He was VERY apologetic and took one of our lobster dinners off our tab. So that was nice.
4	The restaurant is located on the fifth floor of the Phoenician. You can valet your car and take elevator C or D up to the restaurant. We got a table where both of us were seated looking out the window. Although it may make for an early dinner I would suggest coming here before sunset. The daytime views were more beautiful than the view at night. Service after we ordered was a bit slow. It took quite some time for them to bring out bread for us even after drinks had been ordered. And our waiter was also pretty snobby. The butternut squash soup with mushrooms was amazing. I wanted to lick the bowl clean. I can't explain how much I loved it. I would come back here just to have this soup and enjoy the view. Mike had the arugula and Boston lettuce salad with the mustard vinaigrette and it was just too peppery. I only had a bite of this and it was all I could take. It had some radishes thrown in with the greens. It was boring. Not a fan. He ordered the sirloin cap steak with frites for dinner and it came with a house made steak sauce. The steak was cooked perfectly medium and although Mike loves his steak sauce unfortunately he wasn't a fan of J&G's. I had the slow cooked salmon. It was served over a potato puree, with julienned veggies on top and a basil vinaigrette on the side. This dish was also very good. I had never thought of combining basil and salmon together, but the pairing was delicious. And the potato puree was so smooth and creamy. Lastly we both got the warm chocolate cake and caramel ice cream for dessert and it did not disappoint. The portions here were pretty generous. I was stuffed after dinner. The restaurant has a dark sleek vibe (lots of leather tiles on the walls). The bar area was also beautiful. Tables are pretty close, but it didn't seem like the restaurant was too loud or that I could hear everyone's conversations around me. We'll definitely come back to try some other items on the menu.
5	I grew up in Phoenix but have lived in DC the last three years, so I'm rediscovering the Valley anew. I've been to a lot of fresh places since I've been back, but J&G is the freshest. I love this place - the vibe, the view, the cocktails and, of course, the food. I visited J & G for a dinner and a happy hour for gratis events and was blown away both times. Yeah, yeah - I didn't pay - but after three years of dining and drinking in DC, take it from an expert - this place is a spectacular value (especially compared to other steakhouses). First, dinner: since this was a gratis event, I wore stretchy pants and channeled my inner Augustus Gloop. My group ordered generously from the menu. To begin, I tried the french onion soup. Cheesy, savory goodness - good, but not the best I've ever had. It's eclipsed in my memory by my appetizer, the sweet corn ravioli. I've never tasted anything like it - and with each bite, I noticed a different element to the taste. And yet more elements when I took bites with the cherry tomatoes. It's seriously one of the best individual things I've eaten. In life. You can't come here and not order it. For the main course, I had the filet with bearnaise and my group shared sides of macaroni and cheese, mashed potatoes, and french fries. The steak was cooked to perfection - absolute buttah (without being actually soaked in butter :::cough, Ruth's Chris, cough:::). And speaking of butter, the bearnaise was absolutely drinkable. I was amazed I had enough self control not to do it. The fries and mashed potatoes were good, but the macaroni was another standout. Sadly, I've had a lot of whack macaroni and cheese at restaurants - J&G does it right. It's actually on their happy hour food menu, which I'll get to next. We didn't have any room for dessert, but we did have cocktails on the veranda overlooking the absolutely fucking insane view of the city. They were expertly mixed and super unique - I tried a pisco sour, something I'd heard about but never been able to order before. The drink itself was expectedly kind of weird, but it was well-mixed. My gin and tonic after that was perfect. On to happy hour: I didn't have to pay, but it is SO cheap. I will definitely be back. If you don't want to fork out for dinner - or want to do some thorough research before you do - come for happy hour to get a taste of the goodness. The same appetizers on the dinner menu are available for happy hour in smaller portions for $5. I tried the pork belly (good), sliders (good), fries (great - but when aren't they?!), the sweet corn ravioli and the mac and cheese (you already know how I feel). Then the beers (microbrews, no less!) were only $4 I think. I had wine, and it was $6 a glass. I'm sort of a philistine when it comes to wine, but it was decidedly better than the swill I normally get for a similar price at the store or at other happy hours. We ate and drank inside, watching the sunset through the windows, listening to their DJ/live music combo. Magical.Bottom line: I love this place. I couldn't afford dinners here very often, but I'll be back for the happy hours and for dinner as an occasional "treat." My waistline will be relieved!
5	This is the best value in The Upscale Steakhouse segment in the Valley. A couple of great pointers.. The Lounge overlooks the city, is amazing, start here with a drink.. Linger into the dining room. For $18 dollars, roughly the price of a small prime rib at Outback, You can have a USDA Prime Flat Iron Steak with Pomme Frittes, and a selection of some of the best sauces on the Planet.. Look into your lovers eyes, and go back into the lounge for dessert. For about 120 clams, you can have a fantastic destination dining event...  The atmosphere, service, and the food is incredible.Def in my top 3..
4	I had to try it.  I had to see what became of the space that was once the finest restaurant in Phoenix/Scottsdale.  The design of J & G made me think "Really?".  As Mary Elaines the space was elegant, regal, sophisticated, refined.  As J & G the space feels like a sleek flashy Vegas restaurant.  I am still recovering from that shock.  I was there to give it a try.  So here you go.Tasting MenuTuna Tartar (Delicious)Parmesan Risotto (needed salt, but good)Sea Bass (Excellent, so moist)Beef (Good, but excellent tasting steak sauce was ice cold)Chocolate Cake (Wow!!!)Cocktail/ WineSidecar (awesome)Some sort of big red wine.Our waiter was good and explained the menu very well.  There were some errors is service so I had to keep reminding myself this is not Mary Elaines.  Its a steakhouse.
5	My husband took me here for our first wedding anniversary.  We liked it so much, we took our friends for their fifth wedding anniversary.Let me say that the first thing that let me know I was in for a treat was the ambiance. The decor had a retro-modern feel, and the view - day or night- is spectacular. I don't believe there's a bad table in the house.So we have our priorities straight right? The first thing we order are the drinks: a double Martel for him, a Sprite with green olives for me.  (Cut me a break; I was 4 months preggers at the time, and the olives make me appear as though I'm "doin' something", lol.)After we get that out of the way, next come the appetizers: Tuna Tartar, Crispy Calamari, and last but FAR from least, the Peekytoe Crab Cakes. In a word: YUM. And that was just the beginning.For my entree, I orded the House Salad, the 12oz Filet Mignon (I was preggers, what did you expect?), Potatos Gratin with Comte (don't know what the Comte is, but it really doesn't matter... the sh* was GOOD).I have NO complaints about the service.  The staff was friendly, and attentive without being overbearing.  They definitely earned their 20%.  Would I go again? HECK yes.Make sure you save your pennies; it's gonna cost you all of the pretty ones, because you know this kind of dining ain't cheap.
5	I had the great fortune to visit J&G twice this week.  Once for a cocktail party in the bar and Wednesday night for dinner.   Both occasions were fantastic.The dinner was unbelievably good.  I've written over 100 local reviews this year and this meal was one of the top 3-4 of 2010.To start with I had the peekytoe crab cake.  This baby is huge and perfectly crisp on the outside and loaded with delicious moist crab on the inside.  It is served on a bed of avocado and a delicious sauce.  I woke up still dreaming about this dish the next morning.The filet mignon was cooked perfectly and the grilled asparagus, potato gratin and mac and cheese sides were fantastic.Another highlight was the unbelievably good carrot cake.  It was presented as a work of art on the plate and tasted just as good as it looked.Paired with great wine and superior service, this was a meal for the ages.These guys are pros at J&G.  Make sure to get here as often as your budget will permit.
5	My husband and I stayed at Royal Palms next store, and we decided to try the steakhouse at the Phoenician.  The dining area was full, but we were able to eat at the bar area.  The place was hip.  Our waitress Sheena was so cool.  It was late already, but we were starving and wanted dinner.  So we tried the tasting menu.  It was excellent.  For $58 per person, it was worth every penny of it and more!Every dish was so yummy, especially the Chilean Sea Bass in Yusu broth - we practically licked the plate!  The petite filet was cooked to perfection.  We got to sample different steak sauces, even though the steak itself was well seasoned.  And Sheena's service just made the whole dining experience great!  She was helpful and fun to talk to.The next day we had our New Year's Eve dinner at T. Cook's at Royal Palms.  We paid double (or was it tripled?!) the price for just so-so food at T. Cook's.  At J&G we had better food, more reasonable prices, more hip environment and crowd, and excellent customer service.  Hope we'll get to go back again in the near future!
4	Our return to J&G was a triumph...! Thank you to Chris Wessling and his team, most especially, thank you to Renee and her table team for making our dining experience to wonderful. Fabulous describes the food attentive to every need describes the service! We enjoyed a "tasting" of several appetizers. The Butternut Squash soup was AMAZING! Not heavy and full of cream as most are, and the addition of a sliver of jalapeno pepper sliced through the squash to help clean the pallet. YUMM! Followed by the Crab Cake, yes a WONDERFUL, I hesitate to say 'cake' filled with Crab, yes, Crab not bread crumbs and filler, just Crab...so delicious. Last, but not even close to least, was the Warm Beet and Goat Cheese Salad. What a great combination. Even if you are not a beet freak like me, you'll LOVE this light ever so wintry salad. MMMMM Entrees were the Fillet Mignon done to perfection, NY Strip peppercorns ever so tasty served with Grilled Asparagus, and the famous Potato Gratin w/Comte. Wow some really good eating there! Steaks were absolutely PERFECT! The sides...well...just perfect as well. Dessert was the Carrot Cake, a personal favorite. Yes it was better than my grandmother's. So moist, tender, and just the right size for that after dinner sweet sensation on your tongue. All of this with a "To Die For" view of the ValleyWe can't wait to go back....Renee, see you soon...!
5	We were pretty impressed with this place, considering how ritzy and upscale it seemed. We came here for dinner for my bday when my family was visiting, and they seated us by the window, which gave us a great view of the valley. Our server Justis was great, really polite, helpful, and very attentive. My sister and I each had the tasting menu with 5 courses (tuna tartare, asparagus/lime risotto, chilean sea bass, petite filet mignon, and the chocolate lava cake with caramel ice cream to finish it off). Everything was amazing, they couldn't have picked better things to give us a taste of what they had to offer. Our steak also came with a side of fries and spinach Everything had amazing flavor, really rich, and nothing was too overwhelming. The proportions were also the right size to fill us up without seeming glutinous. My mom had the filet mignon with a side of asparagus that was cooked to perfection as well. Justis also brought us complimentary selection of the special sauces (we really liked the house sauce and the sweet chili sauce, I wasn't a fan of bernaise sauce)My lava cake even came out with a candle and happy birthday written in icing which was nice. Overall, we were very happy with this place and found that the prices were worth it for special occasions such as this!
4	Very impressed.  The food is excellent. The atmosphere and layout is top-notch.  My wife and I really enjoyed the food and cocktails here.  They have a mean steak and they serve some dishes family style.  I will definitely eat here again.
4	This place is nice. Great view, excellent service, top notch meal. The only thing I can really complain about is the portion size. I would have liked them to be a bit bigger, but I was the only one that felt this way, maybe I eat too much?? I had the bone in porterhouse steak and it was pretty darn tasty. They serve the steaks with a variety of sauces to dip into, some of them were amazing, others were not. I would for sure recommend this place to someone looking for a 5 star dining experience. Make sure you bring your wallet cause this place is not cheap! Our meal was about $450 out the door for a table of 4. We ordered 3 apps, and 3 sides also and a bottle of wine. This restaurant is operated by Chef Jean George, I have no idea who he is, but the waiter and hostess both swear that he is someone to know. Judging by his cooking, I think I would get along just fine with him.  J&G is inside the Phoenician Resort in Scottsdale, I was staying there so I figured I could add this place to my list of great American Steakhouses. My final opinion of this place, it is exactly what it says it is. They meet the B-Stew standard for a fine dining steakhouse. Also, there are great views of Camelback mountain. One last thing, the hostess at this place sold me on coming when I called for information. Very well trained and passionate about her job
5	Great food, great ambiance, great service.  A winner.
4	Everything was good to very good.  Nothing that blew my mind.  I had the tasting menu accompanied by a glass of wine with each course - five courses in all (tuna tartar, sweet corn ravioli, halibut, filet, chocolate cake with ice cream).  I enjoyed the Tuna Tartar and Corn Ravioli the most.  The filet was just good, not great, although my friends ordered a strip and a ribeye and both were excellent.  I'm guessing the Filet would be on par if ordered separately instead of on the tasting menu. Overall a good experience.
4	This is my second time @ J&G's. First time I hoenstly hated it. Second time WAYYY better!My bf & I stayed @ the Phoenician for a little stay-cation a few weekends ago. We decided to give J&G's another shot. We are both happy we did! When we came in our table was not ready so they sat us at the bar. We got 2 drinks and snacked on yummy popcorn and nuts - SO good! I wanted to bring it to the table lol - don't worry I totally didn't!We ordered a bottle of white wine and my bf ordered the Crispy Calamari ($12) to start. I was shocked when he said it was really tasty! He is so picky with his calamari, so already off to a good start! I ordered the Arugula and Boston Lettuce Mustard Vinaigrette salad ($10 i know I am such a cheap date) and he ordered the Pacific Halibut Summer Vegetable Vin Cilantro ($30). We also got a side of Roasted Mushrooms Herbs and Chilies ($9) and Steamed Broccoli ($9). Overall the meal was very good! All the flavors were amazing and so was the service. We will definitely return! :)
3	We went for an anniversary dinner. The atmosphere was great. The view was great.  The service was very helpful. We enjoyed the oysters, tuna tartar, salad, filet mignon, broccoli and French fries.  Other than the steak being more medium than medium rare, everything was delicious. We ordered the apple cobbler for dessert and they brought us a chocolate lava cake too as a surprise for our anniversary. The cake was good, but really--do we need two desserts?  They should have just comped the cobbler. All in all really good--overpriced but good.
4	J & G Steakhouse is a great place to come for a romantic and yummy meal, even for a vegetarian. From start to finish, the service is great and the atmosphere is fancy and nice. The view from the restaurant is gorgeous if you come for an early dinner while it's still light enough to see out. My boyfriend & I came here for a special date night and had a great time and I would recommend it for other couples. We had:- Endive Salad: This was the least spectacular dish of the night but it was still fine. I found the dish to be too heavy on raw hard vegetables - thick endive, thick raw peas, and raw fennel. - Tomato Soup: Nice & comforting. It tasted like really yummy tomato vodka pasta sauce in soup consistency. The cheddar toast it was served with was delicious.- Corn Ravioli with Basil Fondue: Amazing! I got this appetizer dish entree-sized as my vegetarian entree, and it's one of the yummiest dishes if you love pesto. The basil fondue is like a very fresh, very flavorful pesto sauce without the excess oil and much smoother and thinner. It was so amazing and went very well with the fresh corn raviolis. The ravioli had a great thin tender texture.- Prime Rib Eye: My boyfriend had this and said the meat was great. The J&G signature steak sauce on the other hand was pretty weird. It had a very strong orange & anise flavor, and wasn't to either of our likings. - Salted Caramel Sundae: Yummy, pretty hard to mess up great ice cream and a lot of hot fudge. I didn't love the texture of popcorn with smooth ice cream so I ate that part separately.- Apple Tart: My boyfriend ordered this one and didn't like it but I did, so I got two desserts. I really liked the soft thick candied texture of the apple and the buttery pastry crust. The cinnamon ice cream was okay, but I ended up thinking the tart was yummier without it.
2	The only reason I am giving J&G a 2 star is for the awesome waiter service we received last Friday night. We'd a party of 5 and the service was impeccable. Our server was exceptional.We all had the tasting menu ($60) with the wine ($35). The wine portions were generous. However the quality of the wine was not good. For starters we'd a tuna tartar which contained ginger and sesame sauce. The ginger was too over powering and the tartar had too much avocados. The pairing for this was a Riesling which was good. The second course was a risotto with a wine from Alsace France. The risotto was ok and a bit salty. Nothing special. The wine was horrible. It tasted like flat soda that left a burning sensation in my throat. Kinda like drinking scotch with flat ginger ale. We told the waiter and he confirmed that the wine was off without saying it. He compensated us with a glass of Chardonnay which was ok. The waiter also gave us an extra glass to compensate for the poor wine. This is the reason why he was a good server.The third course was a Chilean Seabass with black beans. Seabass is a very delicate fish and should never be paired with beans or anything with rough texture. This is a horrible combination. To top it off, the seabass tasted like it was frozen. The fish was not delicate at all. Why did I know this?  I was at Ocean's up in Scottsdale the night before and had a real Chilean Sea bass. This dish was so bad I completely do not recalled what the wine was...The final course was a petit filet which they cannot possibly screw up. It was tender but nothing special. I believe it came with a Cab which was ok. Given the amount of feedback we've provided to the server and one of our friends didn't like the chocolate cake in the prix fix menu as a dessert, the server gave us a sampler of desserts and a port to end the evening. Desserts were so so and so was the port. However, the server made a genuine effort to satisfy our needs. Jean-Georges Vongerichten needs to pay closer attention to this restaurant along with his Vegas steakhouse as both sucked. At this rate, someone should take away the Michelin star from his NYC restaurant.
3	Food was great, but the service was terrible.  It was new years eve, so I assume it is not always like that.
4	Delish! We drove around looking for a good steak without a wait and ended up at the Phoenician. With the restaurant concept by Jean Georges, we knew we were in for a treat. The only reasons I'm giving 4 stars are two-fold:The shrimp cocktail was overpriced - $18 for 5 shrimp? C'mon...yummy but lame.AndThe desert menu is seriously lacking - I was expecting to see at least one amazing thing and they were all boring: cake, apple fritter, cheesecake, gelato...boring!!Other than that, everything was amazing. I'm getting over a cold and they brought me out my own tea kettle which sat next to the table and stayed hot for two hours. And the finishing salt they provided in a tiny bowl was a great touch!Order a steak, it'll be cooked perfectly with a great crust on it. Have them bring all the sauces too; their bernaise is ridiculously fluffy - they infuse it with liquid nitrogen!!  And the beurre blanc is perfect and delicate.YUM (PS, if you get Mercedes as your server, you're in for a treat! She's amazing!)
2	Arrived on time. We were seated promptly. However it took almost 3 hrs for dinner to completed. I'll be honest, the hotel had  vp Biden staying and he was dining that night at J&G.  So a lot attn was paid to him and his staff. Our waiter was polite but was over worked. Our salad order was mixed up but corrected. We ordered the Kobe tomahawk chop which came 40min after our salads and was lukewarm in temperature. I could hv sent it bk but we were hungry by that point. We overheard a table of 4 complaining about their late arriving dinner also so I wasn't being too picky. The view of the valley is great but that was about it. We won't be returning.
4	Your typical red blooded All American steakhouse with its dark woods, low light, and heavy menu.  But there are some subtle and appreciated differences that provide a little nuance to the experience.  The standards are dressed up a little more creatively and the view offers an incredible contrast to the thick, dark steakhouse interior.
5	I went here for my recent birthday dinner w my significant other. The view is amazing! The place itself is top notch and very elegant. We were greeted by two hosts both super kind- then had a balcony view outside near the bonfire pits- Our server was a gentlemen- very social and knowledgeable about the menu. Our food was delicious! I had the sirloin steak w potatoes and salad. The server brought me chocolate cake and ice cream for my birthday at the end! Overall this lace is def romantic and the service is extraordinary! The restaurant inside is very classy and the bathrooms spotless! Our dinner came out to $160 including a $25 tip- so not bad at all for what you get!
1	food ok  experience continues to go down
5	Just enjoyed one of the best meals of my life at the Phoenician , a hotel which I love, whose restaurants always left something to be desired. My husband ordered the tasting menu which covered all the bases, and featured an outstanding tuna tartar, and great asparagus risotto, followed by an outstanding halibut dish, and then a petite fillet, again done beautifully. Our waiter, Anthony and wait staff, kindly put up with moving tables, twice, pleasant, entertaining and completely knowledgeable about the recipes. Pineapple Mojito -yum!! Also the molten chocolate cake with homemade carmel ice cream- delicious !!
3	I went to the J & G Steakhouse based on a friend's recommendation.  He stated that the restaurant had the best salmon he'd ever tasted.  That was music to my ears.  I will say the salmon was good.  The best I've had?  Not even close.  While the food here is solid, I didn't taste anything that I'd be anxious to have again.  My favorite part of the restaurant is the ambience and the amazing views.  If you're looking for atmosphere, possibly for a romantic evening, this is your place.  I don't think the food would disappoint but it's not the highlight.
5	The dinner was so good!! Omg we died and went to heaven. It was my birthday and we wanted to try something different than our usually steakhouses which are also good but we were excited for this and we requested patio in advance. The patio was gorgeous!! Overlooks the mountains and has fire pits and all. itMade the dinner so much better just with the view. I had the 8oz filet, my dads gf got the salmon and the three men got the 12oz filet. Everyone was very impressed and said their meals were amazing. Sides mash potatoes, spinach, and mushrooms great choice.The service  was outstanding and they were very polite. Even though it was pricy it was worth it for a night out of great steak :) thank you j and g!
5	FANTASTIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Service was outstanding! Great ambiance! Fantastic views! Very chic/retro and approachable! Great Wine List! WOW! The food was so outstanding that we cannot wait to get back there! Staff was very attentive without being invasive!
5	We are visiting from NYC for a week and we went there for dinner at the suggestion of our concierge at Royal Palms with a promise of a nice view and live music.The Steak was superb!!! I can honestly say it was probably the best Fillet Mignon in my recent memory.  Wine list is very very good, 300% markup is a bit much but I guess that is how they make money. We split carrot cake for desert and it was also out of this world. My only criticism is the cocktail I ordered was Vodka gimlet and it really had no vodka in it, so, instead of complaining about it which i think leads to just another splash of bad vodka and "bad blood" with a waiter, i ordered a shot of Vodka on the side. I got about half of Merlot wine glass of vodka instead of a shot glass and they charge $14 for it! So, my drink ended up costing me $29!The steak was excellent and we will definitely come back next time we are in town.
2	One word - Disappointing. I decided to take my husband here for his birthday and because they were also participating in restaurant week. Also, they have great happy hour specials on Thursdays. Perfect. First, I had requested on my reservation to seat us in a great seat with a view since it was a special occasion. They sat us in the back of the restaurant. Next, I ask for the happy hour menu and our waiter says happy hour is only in the lounge. So we couldn't get any drink specials which was annoying. Then we were brought out some crusty old stale rolls that were cold and hard and I immediately sent them back and requested fresh ones. I ordered from the restaurant week menu and my meal was great. It is the only reason I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1. My first course, the shrimp was a little overdone but had good flavor. 2nd course, my steak was cooked well. 3rd course, cake topped with mango and the basil ice cream was delicious.My meal was not the problem. My husband ordered a veal porterhouse which came out looking like a big pork chop. Upon inquiring to the waiter, he told us veal turns white when cooked...what?! That is just flat out not true. I think our waiter was new on the floor because he was not knowledgeable about the menu (or steak in general) and just was b.s.ing his way through all night. I didn't like any of the steak sauces. Too bitter or too sweet. To top off the evening, our waiter took FOREVER to bring us the check.I'm usually not a nitpicky person but when I'm spending $120+ on dinner, it better be well executed, delicious, with great service.There are plenty of other spots in the valley to get a GREAT meal at that price point. Will not be returning.
5	I was on here trying to figure out what to wear. I am confirming that I had jeans with a nice button up shirt with dress shoes and was fine. There was guys with t-shirts and jeans to guys in sports coats and suits. Most of ladies were slightly dressed better in dresses. Everyone was comfortable and there was no attitude. Restaurant week always makes me smile about finding new places to feast. So we enjoyed a great 3 course meal at J&Gs on Friday night. We arrived a little early, taking advantage of the Phoenician free valet and bellied up to the J&G bar. Julie was our mixologist. I tried their signature Manhattan Cocktail ($15) and the Mrs. had a glass of a Spanish Red Wine ($13). Julie always had a smile and was great to ask about the restaurant and about her favorite places locally. We had a 7:15 reservation and they kindly seated us with drinks in tow. David took over as our server. He was on it. He knew that we were there for the restaurant week menu and suggested their specials in case we were interested, but no pressure. I had the Grilled Shrimp with Avocado and Asparagus, the Caramelized Beef Tenderloin, Charred Favas, for main course and Warm Chocolate Cake, Vanilla Ice Cream for dessert. The Mrs. had the Warm Beet Salad with Yogurt as a starter, the same main course and Mango Upside Down Cake, Basil Ice Cream for dessert. These little plates are gonna fill me up? Oh yes! Grilled Shrimp and Asparagus were awesome! I even tried the beat salad - Gooood! The Tenderloin was amazing cut, cooked perfectly! I liked the Mrs' dessert better. Something about the crusty cake and Basil ice cream, it was amazing. Dave was there to check on us and pour wine and even banter with us. Top that off with a romantic setting, a big booth to ourselves overlooking south over the valley, We will def be back!
5	I'm throwing 5 stars at this one. I thought the restaurant week menu was a steal. Everything tasted great. One thing to expect, they put some type of acidic sauce or dressing on the steaks. It was similar to whatever they drizzled on the asparagus appetizer as well as the asparagus risotto. I thought it tasted great but we did have a discussion at our table that a true carnivore could be thrown off by addition. We tried some of the side sauces and nothing was that great. The peppercorn recommened by our server was probably the best because while it was deep and rich, it still had a sweet flavor. The house steak sauce was too dark and bitter for me. And the soy mustard was great on the salmon. Speaking of salmon, damn, I've never tasted a piece of salmon that didn't have that strong salmon flavor but this salmon, was delicate, not strong flavored at all, just perfect. What separates this steak house from the others is that we seemed to enjoy every course. The notable exception would be the bread. They don't hold a candle to the popovers at BLT or the duck fat fries at Bourbon Steak.
5	My boyfriend and I are big fans of J & G. We love going there for dinner sometimes, but our favorite is there Thursday night happy hour with live music. Paying $9 -$18 a cocktail is worth it there because their mixologist is one of the absolute best in town. Their dinner biscuits are absolutely delicious and served warm.It may be considered pricey, but it is worth it.The wait staff are always friendly and helpful and we have always had a wonderful and pleasant experience! The view at dusk is par to none, Camelback  Mountain is beautiful!
4	Had dinner here for a work event and was pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere was relaxed with a live band. The views were awesome! Had Crabcake appetizer, Filet mignon with Mashed potatoes, Mac n cheese and Asparagus for sides and the warm chocolate cake for dessert.  The food was excellent, the steak was cooked perfectly and the mac n cheese was the best I've ever had!  If I could afford it I would def. be back :)
5	Beautiful restaurant, excellent service and delicious food. Made for a great night out. I had the sea bass with beans and it was so delicious!  The combination of all the ingredients were amazing. The calamari and the steak (tasted the NY strip and the petit filet) was the best i've ever had. Finished with a yummy apple cobbler.
5	Simply delicious. That's how I describe J & G Steakhouse. Not only is the food delicious, but the atmosphere is quite perfect as well! J & G Steakhouse sits atop the Phoenician and overlooks the Valley. Every seat in the house is excellent with a window view and it's a perfect setting for a romantic date or a special dinner. In addition to the dining room, the lounge is perfect to sit and enjoy a couple cocktails as well! The food here is delicious and everything I would expect from J & G Steakhouse. We recently stopped by to try out the neighborhood menu special which is quite simply, a steal. For $39 a person, you order from a prix fixe three course meal that includes an appetizer, entree and dessert. I started with the split grilled shrimp salad which had a delectable dressing to go with it. For my entree, I enjoyed the flat iron steak with BBQ sauce. The steak was cooked perfectly and a tasty combination of tender and juicy. We ended up having a medley of dessert and each one was more delicious then the next! I decided that you really can't go wrong with any dessert here, or really any item from the menu for that matter, it all just depends on your taste bud's likings. This is on the list of one of my favorite steak houses in the Valley and it's because of beautiful atmosphere and delicious food combined. If you have a loved one, want to woo a date or simply want to have a special night out on the town, I highly suggest J & G Steakhouse! For a more budget-friendly evening, check out their neighborhood menu from 5-7 PM nightly through September!
4	Went with the hubs for our anniversary dinner because everything else in Phoenix seems to be closed on Sundays in the summer.  Views were great although you can't see the sunset because it faces south.  Ambience was nice...mostly couples and quiet with light background music.  I had the lobster which wasn't the freshest but it was prepared perfectly and the sauce was very tasty.  Hubs had the filet which was also cooked to perfection.  They brought us out a complimentary dessert, the pavlova. I had never had anything like it- raspberry sorbet covered in a meringue with whipped topping and raspberries.  My mouth is watering thinking about it.  Also, the 1/2 price wine bottles on Sundays topped off the evening.  Def recommend for a romantic dinner out.  Will return to check out the patio with the firepit in the winter for apps and drinks.
4	I thought that Restaurant Week would be the perfect opportunity to come in and use my gift card... but as soon as our server described the specials there was one that my husband had fixated on. The Tomahawk! For those of you who don't know, a tomahawk steak is basically a large bone-in ribeye, in this case portioned for two. Even though the waiter offered to let me order from the RW menu even if the hubby did not and my husband graciously offered to attempt to consume the entire steak himself, I reluctantly put the restaurant week menu aside and prepared myself for... The Tomahawk!I started with the chilled corn soup which was fantastic.  I would not have expected the lemongrass and corn flavors to work so well with each other but they were perfect together in creamy broth and just a hint acidity from the tomato garnish. The presentation was also lovely with the fresh veggies arriving in the bowl and the broth added tableside. The hubby started with a Cesar salad that he thought was just ok. He was more impressed with the potato gratin we picked as our side... I only got a couple bites of those but they seemed pretty tasty. (tip: order at least one side dish per person b/c portion sizes are small).  The best part of the meal was, of course, the steak. Our server wheeled it out to us on a cart topped by a large cutting board. He expertly carved it off the bone and sliced it up for us, neatly spitting it onto two dinner plates. At the end of this production he also offered hubby the humongous rib bone to gnaw on; this he received as a child would a long anticipated gift from Santa Claus. The meat was wonderfully tender and flavorful. I also really enjoyed the trio of steak sauces that accompanied it. We finished off our meal with a slice of cheesecake to share. The cheesecake was not the best but I liked that it came with a quenelle of sorbet on top. Very different. That tangy fruitiness really complemented the glass of AZ Stronghold Rose I had ordered. I also had a glass of Malbec with dinner that was only $9 but quite good. I am happy that they had a few options from local wineries and my hubby was also glad he was able to order a Kiltlifter.The food and service were all excellent. I am not sure how I feel about the ambiance. Something about it reminds me of Vegas. Maybe the Cosmo-esque glass chandeliers?  Or the huge windows a-la-The Mix? Or maybe just the hip, upbeat music and younger good-looking crowd. Either way, the only complaint I have is the price. If you go, make sure you are prepared for sticker shock... or else be smart and order off the Restaurant Week menu!
4	The service in this place is outstanding.  Any question is always answered with a "yes we can do that".  The atmosphere is relaxing, the view is nice and they serve martinis in a coupe glass.  The potato gratin and oysters are good.  The steaks could be a little more consistent.  Ordering medium rare shouldn't be such a crapshoot.  Front of the house is a bit bogus as they will spread you out even if you request a view.  Once you get to your crappy view table just ask to be moved.
5	Excellent restaurant. The quality of ingredients and preparation are superb. Our server was very attentive and the meal was delicious. We shared the American Kobe special. The cut of meet was exceptional and it was perfectly prepared. The sides were also very delicious, so were the drinks. An overall great experience!
5	Amazing. Delicious. Beautiful.These are just a few of the words Id use to describe J & G. My husband and I came here for our 1 year anniversary and im so glad we did. We were 1 of 3 tables in the whole restaurant (Monday night), so even though its a moderate sized place, it felt very intimate.My cucumber gin martini was delicious and refreshing, he also enjoyed his beer.We decided to skip any kind of appitizer and go straight for the main courses. While waiting for our order w/ were offered the softest, warmest, tastiest rolls weve ever had. Then came the food. Oh. The. Food. I had the roasted lobster w/ fingerling potatoes and peas. A pound of fresh Maine lobster shipped in that morning? All for me? YES PLEASE. Needless to say, it did not disappoint.My hubby had the 6 peppercorn sirloin (which was cooked perfectly and delicious) w/ the black pepper condiment and the J&G steaksauce. He preferred the pepper condiment, I preferred the tangy steaksauce. Now, since J&G is a fancy schmancy steakhouse, they offer all their sides (when ordering steak) ala carte. My husband ordered the salt and pepper baked potato and the mac and cheese, thinking that theyd be small portions. Lucky for me, they were Good sized portions, perfect for sharing. They were both delicious, though the mac and cheese had a faint lemon taste to it which we both found odd.Then the dessert. Mind you, at this point we were both STUFFED to the gills. Somehow we made room. We both had the icecream and sorbet. My husband took a double scoop of their ginger ince cream (which is more ginger snappy than actual gingery) and a scoop of their almond, I took a scoop of their ginger icecream, one of their strawberry sorbet (which reminded me of strawberry italian ice), and a special scoop of their blueberry. Our water (Greg?) also overheard us talking and he and his trainer offered us a choice of one of their nightly dessert specials (so sweet!). We tried the pear cake w/ pear sorbet and spice ice cream (all 3 were to die for).Speaking of our waiter, we would have never known he was in training if he hadnt told us. he was super professional, courtious, and informative. Bravo to his trainer!If you have the extra $$ to spend for a special evening out, I throughly recommend going here. the view wasnt bad either. ;)
4	I did the tasting menu here with wine pairing. Two dishes were meh, two were great -- one of which was the steak, which they'd better knock out of the park ;). The wine was all excellent, and the service was actually superb. The decor and views over the valley are high end fabulous. Basically, the night was perfect, but the food (specifically the appetizer and the fish) were just not great. It was 50/50 when I was looking for perfect.
3	In short... great view, really expensive food.
3	We went back for a stayover for the wife's birthday.  Food was good not great except the seafood tower which is a great value.  The service was slow and not great.  The comp'd desserts were pretty uninspired - but free.  They should really tell you you cant use the food and beverage credit from the hotel in there.   BLT and Mastro's are much better.
5	I was visiting Scottsdale for the first time and wanted to try something good.  This restaurant has a nice view of the horizon, it is located in the Phoenician Hotel.  Food was really good and service was great.  We started off with appetizer, hubby got some kind of onion soup, I don't like onions but took a taste of the soup anyways and it was very fulfilling and tasty.  I got the tuna tar tar which was flavored just right.  For entree, I had the sea bass and a side of brussel sprouts (really good), hubby had steak (don't remember which cut) and broccoli.  He loved the steak.  There is valet in at the hotel, I'm not sure how much it was, hubby said it was free and only top the valet person.
4	I had dinner a few times at J & G while at a conference at the Phoenician.  The ambiance is old-schooll steakhouse with a great wine list and and even better bar stocked with single malt scotch.  The bartenders were fantastic during Pre-dinner  happy hours, mixing drinks like true craftsmen bar-keeps.The crab cakes were especially good, I could have them as a meal!The steaks were very good, as you would expect from a fine steak house such as D & G.  I had a wonderfully prepared filet mignon, the steak was tremendous.  I am typically a bone-in ribeye guy but I am glad that I tried the filet.  The sides were all good, nothing spectacular but solid.I would entertain here again when traveling to Scottsdale on business.
5	Excellent, period.  I could not stop saying excellent to Julie our waitress that nite.  What a great restaurant with a great view.  This place sits on the 5th floor and has plenty of glass to view out of.  You can see Phoenix in the distance and with the low level lighting it really is a nice, intimate place.  Lets talk food....We ordered several appetizers, since we made happy hour :)  We enjoyed a fresh J and G Slider.  Great beef, tomato, and lettuce slider.  Simple snack.We also tried the mushroom egg rolls.  Great flavor from the mushrooms and a nice dipping sauce.The Beef Skewer was a happy hour item, will order again. Excellent seasoning and dipping sauce.  We even saved the sauce for further use :)Also enjoyed some happy hour drinks, Italian creme soda is a great drink and I enjoyed a glass of Colores Del Sol Malbec and Paso a Paso Verdejo.Then we got a hold of the non happy hour menu for more treats. Time for the dinner menu.The pork belly appetizer was one of my favorite dishes.  Excellent amount of crispy skin, fat, and sweet topping to balance the salt in the pork.  Great dish that I plan on ordering again.Then the best part, a great tasting menu for only $60.  This included 4 dishes and a desert.  A 5 course meal for only $60, we had to try it.We enjoyed the tuna tartar, great flavor.  The radish and ginger was an excellent component to the tuna.  The Parmesan cheese risotto was the best I ever had.  Super creamy, excellent flavor with the cheese. The mushrooms were great with the risotto as well.  The risotto was my diet nightmare.  Time to run 5 miles after eating that rich and creamy dish.The grilled beef tenderloin was excellent and luckily Julie, our waitress suggested some sauces for the beef.  The mustard mi so sauce was great with the tenderloin.Very tender and delicious, one of the best I have had in Arizona.The Chilean Sea Bass was a nice, light protein with a great mi so broth that added a nice flavor to the meat.  Very tender and cooked perfectly.  Another surprise was the chocolate cake with Carmel ice cream.  I assumed it was like any other chocolate cake and ice cream desert.  Well the Carmel ice cream was excellent and every bite with the warm chocolate cake made a great balance of flavors.  I plan on having this desert again.I must thank J and G steakhouse for providing an excellent meal.  I have not been so satisfied.  Worth every dollar I spent and I hope to enjoy many more evenings here.
4	I went to Yelp's Cocktail Society at J & G Steakhouse a few months ago and raved to the husband about how amazing it was, so I promised to take him here for his birthday. It was a great birthday! We sat on the patio, which overlooked an amazing view, and got to cozy up next to each other. Our waiter was friendly but didn't hoover and let us enjoy our time together.  The food was fantastic. We got the brussel sprouts to share then I ordered the filet and the husband got the ribeye. Both were super tender and flavorful. (Husband said one of the best he's had recently.) For desert we ordered the tiramisu and J&G also brought out a special birthday treat - a chocolate lava cake. Both sweets were tasty, but the tiramisu had frozen crystals inside - like it was frozen then thawed. Overall, we had a good time and will be back.
5	I think that they use their happy hour into tricking you into spending more money.  The happy hour was good, but once I saw that  tasting menu, I had to have it!  But first I did start with a drink from the happy hour menu.  I tried the Vanilla Italian Soda.  It was so good that I had two.  We then tried the mushroom eggrolls and the dipping sauce.  We also tried the slider.  It was fresh, but only okay.  We also tried the beef skewers that were pretty good.  We then tried the tasting menu.  The first dishes were the tuna tartare.  It was amazingly flavorful.  Then came the risotto.  I would go back for that dish alone.  We also had a steak and fish.  Both were delicious.What really surprised me was the dessert.  It was a chocolate cake with carmel ice cream.  It was quite light.I really can't wait to go back and try more of their menu items.  The service was also great!
1	Great food, but absolutely horrible service!!! It took us 2 1/2 hours to get our food!!! This kitchen must supply all the Phoenician convention business. Hard to believe that Jean George would tolerate his name being associated with this Resturant. I'm sure he doesn't know about how bad the kitchen's inability to get the food out is damaging his reputation or... He just doesn't care! Absolutely terrible !
2	Had high expectations.  Was very disappointed.  Beautiful restaurant and scenery but the food was over rated.   Awful crab cake.  Filets were not good at all. Donovan's on camelback is 100 times better.  Like I said if you don't care about your food and are looking for cool views and ambience this place is it!
5	Delicious!!!! We couldn't decide what to to eat so we tried the tasting menu and had wine pairing. Everything was sooo good!!! I am new to the whole "trying new things" but I promised my husband I would at least try it all! I am so glad I did! I have had tuna tartare before and it wasn't good, but this one melted in my mouth!!!! Oh boy :) and the steak, Chilean sea bass, and chocolate cake to top it off! Everything was just perfect, plus the beautiful view is a big bonus! We will definitely be back!
5	This place is truly incredible and I go as often as I have time with my husband. The wait staff is always attentive and will suggest great cocktail pairings with the food, which are always delicious, and the ambiance cannot be beat. There is a two top outside on the patio near one of their fire pits that overlooks the mountains and their lit up pool; Nothing could be more romantic and the food is always perfect. I have never had a bad night here.
3	this is a very good restaurant- but not as good as the Jean-Georges in NY.  I think my expectations were maybe too high- I assumed the quality and presentation would live up to the namesake.  The good: very romantic (its dark- which I love) and if you are sitting outside they have a fire going. Everything else is meh..We had the seafood bar, which was very good considering we were in AZ. The shrimp salad, one of the chef's specialities could have been amazing, but was over dressed to the point that the lettuce was limp.  eww. I had a prime rib that was cooked perfectly, but I can't say it was any more special than any other steak I have ever had.   they presentation and they carving of the meat table side was nice.  My friend had the cod or sole.. I forget which.  Again, a nice table side deboning.  He said it was pretty good.My other friend had the salmon- nothing special according to her. The best part of the meal was the sides that we ordered: asparagus, mac & cheese were wonderful (the fries were fries and the snap peas were fine).For desert we shared a carrot cake.  Again, really yummy but not outstanding. Really, the best part of this place is the wonderful view from the patio.  They do have a wonderful wine list and a great bartender.  If you are staying at the Phoenician I would be inclined to have a drink at the bar and order some apps rather than eat at the restaurant.
5	Took my wife there for her birthday and it was awesome.  Had a server named Greg who was a pro and a blast to be around. I had a prime rib steak and my wife had lobster and a shrimp salad. Phenomenal. The view and atmosphere was quiet and beautiful. We'll be going back in the near future.
2	Everything was amazing except I ordered a steak medium rare and they served it medium well. The cold hard truth is if you are a steak house and you can't properly cook a steak then you just don't make the cut.  Lots of great steakhouses out there.
5	I love J&G anytime there is a special occasion in our family this is the place we go!!It is so beautiful and i highly suggest eating dinner on the patio for the full experience!Ive tried several different dishes off the menu and have never been disappointed!!If you are ever going out on a date or meeting someone you want to impress this is the place to take them!
5	J&G was the 3rd leg of our progressive dinner last night (8-14-2013)  It was my dining companions birthday celebration and he had never been before.  I chose J&G for our dessert course for the sweets, and the AMAZING view from the patio.  We were greeted promptly by name and seated immediately.  I had stopped by the restaurant earlier in the day to drop off a birthday card and flowers for our table.  At that time I explained that we were having appetizers 1st somewhere else and moving on to another restaurant for our main course, the ending our night of celebration here. All was well when we were seated, card and orchid in place.  Earlier in the day I had a conversation with the hostess and the manager on duty to ask the chef to prepare something special to top of our night.  I did let them know that my companion doesn't do chocolate...! Our service was attended to by the manager Ryan and our server Mercedes.  Needless to say, it was amazing!  They presented us with a table-side Cherries Jubilee.  YUMMM!  Then to top it off, the chef prepared a special birthday treat consisting of cheesecake, sauteed apples, and candied rhubarb. I had also let them know I had a gift in the trunk of my car that I wanted the valet to put on the front passenger seat to surprise my guest upon our departure.  All went off without a 2nd thought, and it was the end of a terrific experience for us both...!!!
4	My friends and I were there to celebrate birthday. Ambience was great. We ordered 2 appetizers, Peekytoe Crab Cake and J& G Cheeseburger. We were disappointed with the appetizers as they were not as good as what we expected (with the price that we paid) .... Its handcut friend fries were delicious though. Our entrees were 8 oz filet mignon, 10 oz Peppercorn NY steak and 20oz Prime ribeye. They were all delicious! I would say that they were all fantastic! It is a place that I will recommend my friends to celebrate their important day there! Nice ambience with nice steak!However, the service of the waiter was not that good. (arrhhh....can't remember his name).  i guess he was being bogged down by other stuff as it took us more than 10 minutes to get to order another beverage.For dessert, we ordered warm chocolate cake and J&G cheesecake. They were awesome! Overall, I gave 4 stars.
5	We enjoyed an excellent dinner at J&G Steakhouse at the beautiful Phoenician Resort in Scottsdale during our 2 days in this area. The price may seem a little on the higher side, but well worth the price. Between three of us, we had filet, chicken and salmon - all delicious, and shared two sides - garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus. We would definitely return when in the area. Also a great selection of wines - we found a new Riesling which we have never tried and it is now our favorite.
5	Excellent, Fun Dining experience, amazing views, good food and one of the best wait staffs I've had. Our main waiter, John helped with our selections, and offered to move us to the patio after it cooled down (without us having to ask). The entire staff was top notch, they know how to make you comfortable &work together well.  Try the cucumber martinis then try the salmon with snap peas, yum!
1	Had dinner last night with family from out of the area. The service was inattentive and the food mediocre.We were seated next to a corporate party of 14 who were obnoxiously loud and well on their way to intoxication on the company tab. When making the reservation we asked for a seating area where we could conduct conversation. The place is outdated and needs a facelift, The Phonecian name won't cover for poor service and mediocre food.Very disappointing.
5	I am breaking my general yelping rule, and giving a place 5 stars on a first visit. But this place really earned it this weekend. The BF were debating coming here for restaurant week after having gone to a different restaurant the night before and being super disappointed. I'm really glad we decided to go. The view was nice, we sat right by the window by the fire pit, so we got to look out over the city and at the fire...it was pretty awesome. The rolls were delish....they were almost croissant -y. I ended up getting the restaurant week menu and the BF ended up getting a cheeseburger (he had wanted one all day). I started with a ginger marg at the waiter's recommendation...it was sooooo good. It was spicy with ginger...I kind of loved it. Also, it turned out that most of my food had a ginger note, so it paired really well with my meal.  The BF had a nice pinot grigio, which paired well with his burger :-P. For an app, I got the butternut squash soup, which was a little gingery and not as thick as butternut squash soup usually is, but very delicious. For my main, I had the sirloin cap...it was awesome! perfectly cooked, and served with a puree that had a delicious gingery and fresh herb flavor. I could eat that steak anytime...it was wonderful. The burger was also delicious...it was thick and juicy, also perfectly cooked, and had really fresh veg on top and a really tasty onion ring. For dessert, we had the warm chocolate cake and it was amazing...chocolate just oozed out of it. I liked that it wasn't too sweet, but had a rich chocolate flavor. I will definitely be back here, restaurant week or not!
5	My wife and I stayed at the Phoenician for a two say staycation for our anniversary and had dinner here our first night. The place is located on the top floor of the resort and has an incredible view of the city. The place is dark but that adds to the romantic feel of the place. They had a tasting menu available but we also wanted to take advantage of the 25% off our second entree deal and since they would not offer it for the tasting menu we opted for a la carte. We started with the tuna tartare, which was excellent. We then shared the watermelon gazpacho with poached shrimp. They split the soup for us, which was a nice touch but the taste was average. It was refreshing though. For our entrees, my wife had the bone in filet and I had the bone in ribeye. We had the creamed corn and creamed spinach for our sides. The steaks were amazing with great flavor and was cooked perfectly. They were both huge portions and I not only finished my steak but about 1/4 of my wife's too. They also bring out several sauces you can try with your steaks too which was fun. They were definitely not necessary because they had great flavor as is, but it was fun trying the different sauces. We both agree that the J & G steaksauce was the best which had carmelized onions in it. My wife and I compared how this steakhouse compares to the many others we have tried and think it ranks a close second, just barely behind Mastro's City Hall. This decision was made on the basis of the flavor, cost, and atmosphere. Having said this, we would gladly come back here again because it is an excellent steakhouse.
4	I took my date here. It looked like a very classy restaurant so we dressed very classy: she looked especially gorgeous in her white blouse against her red lipstick, and I decorated myself with a button-up, chino's, and a purple bow-tie around my neck that matched how breathless I felt being near her. This was to be an especially romantic night --a big night for an important decision, one that makes or breaks our time together. And J&G Steakhouse provided the perfect setting.Walking into J&G I did feel a bit self-conscious about being overly-dressed as I saw people in t-shirts, but honestly, the steakhouse has such a comfortable blend of contemporary rustic-ness that whatever you wear will be hidden in the atmosphere of pure class and low-ambient lighting. Nonetheless, the hostess complimented my date on her outfit, and she blushed. Points awarded right through the door.Walking in and you immediately notice the lighting: it's dimly lit, but  these tall glass walls offer light to the area around them, and it gives a classy atmosphere. There's a woman on the piano playing and singing on the other side of the long dining hall, and it sounds like romance itself.  And it's loud. But that's good --because you have to draw closer to your date in order to hear her. The menu is pricey, but fancy. We opted for the 5-course meal and wine pairing ($60+$35 each). The waitress presented the wine to be served with the course, explained why they chose it and how it will affect the meal, poured our glasses, and then the waiters presented our food. They were constantly replacing mats, pouring more water, replacing forks --we never went without throughout the whole evening. The food was delicious. I wasn't blown away by any course in particular. For being new dishes paired with new wines, nothing stood out. It was good and tasty. Throughout the night we smiled and shared stories. It was the perfect place to just "be" together.I reserved the table a week out and asked them to seat us in an "ideal view of the sunset." They sat us in front of these large window panes that faced south, but we couldn't barely see the west. I was bummed! I wanted our special night to be adorned with beautiful skies and memorable paintings by the hand of God Himself. But, I figure a classy restaurant like this must know what they're doing, so I took a minute, breathed, and really noticed how they set us in front of a scene was far richer in color than the sunset would have been, and I believe the staff knew exactly what they were doing when they sat us in that table. Our table sat above the secondary dining area, and with our elevated seating we overlooked the blue pools, the yellow canopies by the water, the white walkways streaming through the green trees of the grounds, and the red roofs of Scottsdale shingling all the way to the canvassed sky in the distant horizon. The view was crowned with purple stormy skies of the evening, with two rainbows decorating the rain clouds illuminated and glowing by the waning sun. It was a everything you could ask for... and it all eventually left us for the night.Overall, we loved it. She loved it. It was the fanciest thing her or I have ever done in our lives.After dinner we sat on the large balcony on cushioned benches warmed by the nearby fire, and watched the city lights twinkle in the distance, the planes flying into the night, the people below enjoying the pool. It was a relaxing way to top off a wonderful dinner. And it was a memorable last night to end our time together, with everything you could ask for once again disappearing into the night.
3	Food was ok. I ordered the $55 dollar bone in filet. It was nothing compared to maestros bone in. salmon was good Service was average. The atmosphere and scenery was beautiful. Great and romantic.
5	Restaurant Week UYE! Great food, great service, amazing views and STELLAR company!Thanks, Joe B. for setting it all up!I started off menu with a half dozen oysters. Not the best I've ever had, but NOLA and Boston and NYC have spoiled me. These were quite nice, though.Next up was the beet and goat cheese salad (such a sucker for that flavor combo!) and it did not disappoint!The steak and broccoli were superb, and the dessert of granny smith apple cobbler with cinnamon ice cream was a perfect ending. A couple of Maker's Mark Old Fashioned's to wash it all down - I was definitely a happy camper.I'll definitely add this to my "special occasion" list of places to go - it was a perfect and lovely evening!
3	I really wanted to like this place after having such a great time and fantastic cocktails during the Yelp Cocktail society.  Alas, the experience came out to be a 3 star average for me.First of all, this place is beautiful on the inside.  As you walk in, you first notice that it is clean and modern with a sexy South Beach kind of feel to it.  I got the immediate feeling that beautiful people come here and stay and come back.  As you round the corner of the hostess stand, you see the spectacular view.  A beautiful view.  I'm still kicking myself that I had not come here before the Yelp Coctail society earlier this summer.  I recommend to anyone coming here to please go just before sunset so you can appreciate the stellar view this restaurant provides.We were seated right by the window with a clear panoramic view facing southeast of the Valley.  We were greeted by our server and ordered a few drinks.  We were not in any rush, this was a b'day dinner/celebration for me, so it was a casual happy event for us.  This is where things kind of went down hill.....The server must have had too many tables to wait on.  He had some support staff, but we waited for very long intervals between ordering drinks, appetizers and dinner.  I generally don't like that.  And my friend, who is not easily irritated, even noticed how long it was taking the server to come back.So, we finally order our meal.  We decided to go for the 32oz bone in Australian Wagyu Ribeye for 2 that was to be sliced table side.  Cool,  a huge piece of meat, cooked Medium Rare.   We order the sides.  Our steak comes out and... its pretty much just shy of being cold.  Definitely not warm.  We are perplexed by it  to be honest, but one thing that worked in their favor, the time we waited to place our order... and with us both practically starving.. NEITHER one of us would have sent it back - at least the sides were hot!  ha!  so, I ate my steak and kept my mouth shut.  The steak itself taste good.  Just the temperature of it was wrong.For dessert, they brought out the obligatory b'day cake.  A molten chocolate cake.  Unfortunately, that was the LAST thing I wanted to have.  I had had so much molten chocolate cake on my vacation the week before, that anyone else's cake would have HAD to be flawless for me to enjoy it, there's wasn't.  not enough chocolate and it tasted like it was not made with any salt.  Also it wasn't very sweet.  so... YIKES.  I'm giving them a 3 star review largely because I expect something better out of a restaurant in which 2 people spend $250+ on dinner.
5	Wow! We were planning a special night and wanted something special! This did the trick! Driving up thru the resort sets you in the mood. Then once you get to the 4th floor...the views get even better!!!! And then comes the food! Everything was perfect! We all did the tasting menu. Started w a tuna tartare, lots of avocado which I like. Then came a beet risotto which was perfect and risotto is hard to do. Then came Swordfish in a miso broth, yum. And then came the filet mignon! This filet was 100 times better than any I've had at Flemmings and the whole tasting menu was the same price. Hold on...there's more! For dessert came the most delicate chocolate lava cake I've ever had w caramel gelato! Screw vanilla...you always get vanilla! Oh yeah....do the wine tasting too! Great pours. This girl left full and a little tipsy;)
5	My boyfriend and I ate here on a Saturday night and had an amazing time. We were there for just shy of three hours. We ate outside, which is the best place to be on an October evening in Arizona. The view was beautiful, and the ambiance was very romantic. Candace was our server, and she was the best!!! She knew everything about everything on the menu and had the wine list down too! Everything we ate was delicious and we would definitely do it all over again. WHEN you go, ask to sit outside and ask for Candace. It will be a wonderful dinner!
4	Consistently well-executed chain which offers a high level of service and great tasting steaks.  Went here with my husband for a nice meal as we were staying at the Phoenician for the weekend.  Nice views out over the plain, live music (which is loud in the bar area but a good volume through the rest of the restaurant), and classy upscale decor.  Nice range of sauces - the peppercorn was our favorite (and apparently also a staff favorite).  If we had had more of an appetite, the tasting menu looked excellent.
5	This place has the best views in the valley for a romantic evening. You can see the whole valley and perfect spot to watch the sunset. The food is great as well, it is pricey so we only come here on special occasions or when they are participating in restaurant week
4	Birthday dinner #3 at J & G, and yes, first time as well! Reservation at 6:15 on Saturday night and you could already see some early diners are in and enjoying. Three of us were seated at a booth/table kind of setting. Very typical all american steakhouse with dark interior, but the glass  columns in the middle made it more upscale and fancy looking. We started off our dinner with the Chilled Shellfish Platter, which consisted a few different kinds raw seafood, they are lobster, jumbo shrimps, oysters, clams and mussels. Out of these five, the lobster and oysters were the best in my opinion. Very special side note, this platter is served with this cutest and smallest tabasco sauce bottle i have ever seen! You have to see to believe it, the size of the bottle is as small as a dessert spoon. I chose the grilled Swordfish for my entree, two pieces of grilled swordfish filets on top of miso broth, though it was a bit too salty for me. One friend took the salmon and the other took the short rib. And omg, the short rib dish looks like a dessert, very pretty presentation, i almost thought it was a piece of chocolate cake with some green apple topping. Both had very good ratings to their dish.And yes, free chocolate lava cake with ice cream for the birthday girl! Compare to Flemings, this lava cake was sweeter, which is to my side, and it was shape like a flower, very pretty! On top of the free cake, our service tonight was excellent!A little side note, for the first-timer, I opted for self-parking as I always do, I had to take two different elevator to reach to the restaurant floor, so you know, it was a little confusing.
5	Love this place! LOVE IT! My husband said it was the best steak he has ever tasted and he's been to the fancy ones in New York! My chicken was so beyond average; every single bite was filled with buttery juiciness. The gratin was amazing, everything was! We were too stuffed to try a desert but next time we will force ourselves. The service was obviously amazing also.
3	Went here for a date and wasn't so impressed the second time around.  We had a reservation and was seated promptly at a nice table with a great view.  I had a good steak the first time I was here so I had high expectations this time.  I tried their tasting menu which consisted of 4 items and a desert.  The food just seemed off and nothing we had was worth coming back for.  My date didn't even finish her small steak which was a little disappointing.  Nothing seemed balanced flavor wise.  The food quality and service was fine - but for what you spend I was expecting better.
4	Good food, Great Service, Amazing View and AmbianceVisited for our annual family Christmas Eve Dinner.  The service crew quickly impressed with their speed and attentiveness.  Upon taking our seats, we were treated to a breathtaking panoramic view of Phoenix as the sun set.  If you want to shoot for that experience, take a 5:00 PM reservation in late-December.The designers of the restaurant did a wonderful job.  It lends intimacy to the experience.  Dining options were worthy of the occasion-- breaded shrimp "cocktail", French Onion soup, wedge salads, steaks, fish, fresh rolls, and lava cake or red velvet cake dessert plates depending on the choices.  Not a single complaint (though I couldn't finish the red velvet cake due to eating so much and its richness).Take a moment to get some pictures of your group on the balcony and to commiserate by the fire on a cool Arizona Winter's night.  Afterward, if you have kids, go downstairs for Christmas story time with Cavalier Spaniels, to take a picture with Mrs. Claus, and then listen to the professional carolers.  Self-parking is a breeze and the Phoenician's staff seems to always be exceptionally helpful and kind.
2	I'm surprised by the number of good reviews for J & G.  I've been there twice and felt the same each time - mediocre food, nothing special at all.  You would think The Phoenician hotel would ensure they have a great restaurant but J&G will not be on my list of places to repeat.  Sure, it's a nice space but the food is blah, expensive and certainly not on par with the costs.
5	Had some wonderful meals here when I stayed at The Phoenician. Wonderful food. I had the most delicious oysters one night and a wonderful seafood platter another night. The best version of a wedge salad I have ever had was here. They have great drinks too and the waiters and bartenders were all wonderful. I highly recommend this restaurant if you are staying at the hotel or just near Phoenix.
4	The atmosphere and ambience here is unbelievable. Elegant and classy with a distinctive southwestern look and feel.I started off with French Onion soup. Great flavor and aroma.  I had the porterhouse. A good cut that was seasoned and cooked to a perfect medium rare. A nice side of mixed sauces accompanied the steak.The fries I ordered were the only weak point of the meal. I expected hand cut steak fries and got what seemed to be overdone frozen Ore-Ida shoestring fries. Oh the house bread was killer. Individually baked buttery brioche loaves with a touch of sea salt on to. I was stuffed and passed on dessert but the cappuccino was top notch. Servers friendly and on point from start to finish.
2	I took my parents here mostly because of the view-but also for the food, which supposedly is good (really, 4 stars?). We ordered the peppercorn new york strip, one of the chewiest steaks I have ever tasted, the filet and salmon. The filet and the salmon were ok, but nothing special. The beet appetizer was acidic and did not taste good. Such a shame-and very pricey. For 3 people without drinks it was close to 200$. Cannot recommend. Although the view is absolutely fabulous, that's why the 2 stars.
1	One of the worst restaurants I have ever been to.  The view is amazing.  But everything else failed tonight.  We had a larger party and the waiter continued to get every order wrong.  He kept forgetting things.  Then he missed 2 people's order altogether.  They kept promising the meal in a few minutes with no luck. Then they brought out the wrong meals.  The waiter was the main issue.  He was never sincere and took forever to apologize.  I would pass until they can get their service levels up.
5	Exceptional  experience,  the staff and decor and quality of the food ( oysters, wedge salad, steak and sides) were top notch. The Bonus was the sunset followed by a beautiful full moon. Pricey but very much worth it. Highly recommended.
4	This is worth the view, a nice, romantic place.  We came in for dinner and enjoyed the experience.  The staff was attentive and helpful.  I really enjoyed my meal, I had the bone in filet.  My wife had the t-bone lamb and enjoyed it very much as well.  The appetizer... Not so much, stay away from the calimari, seemed to have an oily taste to it more than normal.  We came for our anniversary and had a nice anniversary card on the table, it was a nice gesture.  The complimentary dessert was delicious as well.  Don't forget to enjoy a ginger margarita, they are very refreshing.  Overall a great place to enjoy a great meal with a view.  Highly recommended.
3	J and G Steakhouse has great ambiance.  The design is lovely and the location is beautiful.  We watched the sunset and even saw a meteor.  The service was decent.  Having said that, we felt that the food was okay but not amazing.  The Caesar salad was overpowered with horse radish.  The swordfish with mushrooms, supposedly Asian fusion inspired, to me at least, did not have flavors that blended well.  The Porterhouse steak was good but lacked the wow factor.  For desert, the apple crumble was quite nice while the warm chocolate cake did not impress us as much as we had hoped.  All in all, this is a great place to meet friends .
5	Excellent food service and ambience
3	My second time here and another very good meal. I have only been here with very large groups so I cannot speak to a smaller, more intimate dining experience. The view from the steakhouse is in incredible, especially at sunset. The appetizers was a shell fish sampler which was very good and consisted of lobster, oysters, and muscles. Next game the salad which was also very good. I had the tuna steak for dinner which was cooked rare and was very tasty. The dirt was a chocolate lava-like cake with vanilla ice cream. The service was very attentive and kind but again I am still very anxious to try dining with a small table.
2	Wow, I really wanted to like this place.  However, if this restraunt was not connected to the Phoenician, it wouldn't last 2 months. The waiter was friendly the view was nice and hence the 2 stars. Steaks were ordered medium-rare and came out almost an hour later medium-well. Cheese truffle fritters were good, but the miso glazed swordfish was cold. Save your time and go to city hall or especially Donovan's for a great steak house.
4	Gorgeous setting, excellent food, attentive service,  Jean Georges wins again. This is a must see if you are in the Scottsdale area. The ribeye with potato gratin is an amazing main course and be sure to check out the shrimp salad, best salad I've ever had!!! Ask for Loren if you want the best service in the house!
5	I have been here twice this week and it is officially my new favorite Arizona restaurant.  I had a happy hour earlier this week and sipped prosecco while h'ors d'oeuvres circulated.  The chef even whipped up a quick snack when the group's selections did not meet my dietary needs.  Superb service made me book an Easter dinner reservation.My mom and I dined here tonight and were thoroughly impressed.  She ordered the tasting menu and I had the Easter menu.  Every course was excellent, though it was quite a bit of food.  Our views were spectacular, service was on point (they even switch out your place mats when they become a bit messy).  I ordered an extra side, the potato gratin, and when it didn't appear with our entrees, the server immediately apologized and expedited the order.  We were not charged for this and it was beyond delicious.  The manager stopped by to ensure we were enjoying the evening.  I loved everything I had, the pea soup (vegetarian, I checked) was decadent and the green color was phenomenal.  The tuna tartare was spicy, but not overwhelming.  I loved my strawberry pavlova dessert and its fresh and light flavors.I recommend this to anyone who likes great food and great service.  I am most likely booking a dinner here for my parents' upcoming anniversary.
4	Jumbo shrimp cocktail was excellent, ginger margarita was phenomenal, views are exquisite. It is rather pricey but a lovely place for a splurge.
5	The service is 1st class and what you would expect from the Phoenician.  My wife and I had the tasting menu and I would recommend this to any guest. We went for our anniversary and throughout the night the staff acknowledged this and wished us a happy anniversary, from the hostess to desert.
4	Thanks to Yelp's Cocktail Society, I was introduced to J & G Steakhouse.  I haven't had the pleasure of a meal in the dining room, but I have had appetizers in their beautiful lounge a few times.They have a lovely shellfish platter, and I love their mac 'n cheese.  Not as big of a fan of the calamari, but it's only because I like a very crispy calamari so I forget I'm eating squid.  They actually choose to have the flavor of the calamari come through.  My husband LOVES their oysters, however.  Unfortunately, they are priced per oyster ($3+) and he will order at least 2 dozen.  Drinks are expectedly pricey, too, but very good.  So don't go to the bar expecting to get out cheap, but you will get out happy.  And the last time we were there, the kitchen came out offering comped desserts.  I guess they saw our bill before we did:)
4	My friend surprised me and took me here for a delicious dinner. The Phoenician grounds are classy and beautiful. Our table was right by a window were we watched the gorgeous Phoenix sunset. I ordered the filet mijon accompanied with a baked potato. Everything was cooked to perfection. We also ate gruyere cheese stuffed little fried balls with black truffle compliments of the chef. Boy, do I love black truffle. The company, food, service, and grounds were nothing but perfection. I highly recommend this place for a romantic date night.
2	I've been to J&G's twice. The first time was great (minus a bland and overcooked salmon, the rest of the food was truly superb), and the waiter we had really made us feel special. He was great. However, this last visit was very different. The hostess  was cold and impersonal (and acted irritated when I requested a table by the window). The waiter was aloof and the food was disappointing. The calamari was not as tender as the last time we were there and had 3 clunks of fried dough in the bowl. The side of mushrooms has also digressed - slimy, bland and no herbs that made it pop. The crusted Halibut was cooked perfectly, but also bland (no salt, herbs or sauce - just a bare and unseasoned filet with a thin semi-soggy crust that kept sliding off. The Rhubarb Crumble was also bland (tasted pre-made like something off a food truck) and despite being told the Pistachio Ice Cream was homemade, it tasted store bought as well (like Bluebell). I only had a few bites and felt cheated. I could have went to Denny's for that dessert. I left almost all of it behind. My date had the salmon and cheesecake. Same issues. Salmon was cooked perfectly, but had no salt or seasoning. The cheese cake was overly sweet and had a processed flavor to it. Such a shame, because my first experience was so great. The view is still wonderful and overall ambiance is still inviting, but the chef is not consistent and seems to have a problem seasoning his food ('bland' was definitely the theme). Also, the wait staff is hit and miss (some great ones and some not so much), and the hostess we had acted like customers were an aggravation to her. On a positive note, the Black Truffle Comte Fritters were still amazing. I can't get enough of them!
3	Best views in town!  Not the best steaks in town!!!  Great place to go if you want a romantic dinner with great views, but the food is Average.  Any high end Steakhouse Chain is better quality than J&G.We sampled a little bit of everything from bone in filet, bone in tomahawk rib-eye, lobster, and many sides and salads.  All were average in my opinion.
1	Not the greatest steaks...have had much better. Service was offensive at best. I went with my children as it was advertised as family friendly for resort guests. We had spent a week at the Phoenician and were told that a discount was offered, as in all restaurants at the resort, to children that order off the main menu. I thought delayed and poor service was because we were receiving a discount. In the end...service and attitude was just not good. Ordered a bottle of wine and saw the waiter open and taste my wine off in another area before I received the first taste. In all my years of wine tasting, have NEVER seen the waiter tasting my wine!! 2 steaks had to be sent back...not cooked to medium rare. Obviously this didn't make them happy because they sent them back rare. When I received the check I found no discount. After questioning about discount I was offered a minimal amount off the check. I'm ok with paying full price for a great steak...but don't do well when lied to. If a steak place has to lie to get you in the door...they're not a 4 star restaurant.  Shameful...and a poor representative of the Phoenician.
2	*UPDATE* We have loved J&G a long time but are really disappointed. We loved going there for their fabulous cocktails and I hate to say it but they lost their touch. The last couple times we went we were underwhelmed - the staff was not as knowledgeable or friendly or helpful and the drinks have gone down hill. I don't mind paying $18 for a cocktail when they taste like they USED too. It seems as though they fired the real mixologist- I hope the go back to their old ways because I miss going.
4	Our wonderful friends took us out for our 10 year anniversary dinner last night.  Both couples indicated we had to try J&G as they knew how much we enjoy great food and awesome venues.  I researched the menu and was fully prepared for what I was going to order.  After leaving the car with the valet, asked concierge where was J&G, five floors up and make sure you take proper elevator.  Upon exiting the elevator you are immediately presented views to kill for, one of the most elegant restaurants in Phoenix hands down.  I ordered oysters, heirloom tomato and onion ring salad, beef tenderloin; other dishes the group ordered included swordfish and lobster. For the most part everything was 5 star, incredible.  Where the kitchen and waiter had a breakdown in communication, that dish was on the house.Highly recommended, $$$$$.  Ask for a table as close to windows as possible, don't arrive after sunset as that's a huge part of the ambiance!
5	the best in az
4	I had a mixed experience because I was there by myself rather than eating with other people. What this place is - Amazing appetizers. I ordered the Sunset menu with the roasted corn pot stickers, crisp pork belly, and warm chocolate cake. I've never had vegetarian pot stickers with pesto and even though I'm not a fan of pesto, these pot stickers were splendid. They just melted in my mouth. Also, this is the first restaurant I've been to in which the bread to compliment dinner is a croissant shaped as a flaky muffin. I loved them so much that I asked for two more (probably shouldn't have filled up on bread). Pork belly was okay. Very fatty and thick. If you're into dense meats, then I would suggest getting the pork belly but otherwise probably go for the fish. The lady next to me ordered the salmon and that looked like a healthier option. Chocolate cake was typical molten lava cake. Very dense. Had two bites and was finished. Not to say that it wasn't good, just very rich and filling. I recommend having a decaf coffee to go with dessert. What this place isn't - Don't bring your laptop and work. The entire restaurant doesn't have a single place to plug in your laptop. It's also extremely dark. Suppose that's good for a first date scenario, but when you're dining alone and trying to get stuff done, it's difficult. Also, don't expect to dine here on a budget. The waiter gave me sparkling water without asking and it was an extra charge. Same with the coffee. It's a Starwood restaurant so you get 10 percent off your food check if you pay with an SPG Amex. That was a nice surprise.
3	I'm a bit mixed overall about J&G steakhouse.  On the one hand, it has amazing views, a trendy atmosphere, and solid steak.  On the other hand, it is overpriced, not the best steak in town, and feels a bit like the hotel restaurant it is.  We went late one night but were seated next to a table with babies/toddlers (at 8:30pm), so had to ask to be moved.They were out of the rib eye and so the server recommended the bison rib eye -- neglecting to mention it was $50.  It was also a bit flavorless, dry.  Sides were okay -- creamed corn and asparagus were good.Wine list is extensive, but again way overpriced.I'd recommend going for happy hour to enjoy the sunset, but not necessarily stay for dinner.
4	Super solid steakhouse. Great service. Great steaks. Ambiance is romantic. The live music is a nice touch.Fantastic addition to the Phoenician Hotel.
4	Very romantic atmosphere.  Service was excellent. Food was good, and the view was gorgeous. Definitely recommend for date night. Try their homemade gingerale.
4	A touch of 90s Vegas in an otherwise 80s-style resort. The room, steaks, and service all remind you of a fun night out in Vegas. A great option if you are at the Phoenician or nearby.
4	I've had the pleasure of dining here for both business and pleasure. The resort itself is simply beautiful, providing plenty of views of our desert playground. Why I adore J&G is that it's not your traditional steakhouse. You have elements of French and Asian which automatically wins me over. The bar area is great for meets and greets before dining to ease any nerves while you nibble over the tuna tartare or cheese fritters. Uh-mazing.I am a carnivore and the deal breaker for me is always the Rib Eye. They cook it to perfection always and any of the sides will melt in your mouth. The asparagus paired with the risotto is so yummy. I prefer the Black Pepper Condiment with a side of brussel sprouts. But when you have good meat, it's hard to be disappointed. Service is incredible. Attentive, friendly but always at a distance so you can negotiate the heck out of a deal. My biggest pet peeve is having a client dinner where we can't talk business without shouting and have a level of privacy. As for dates, it is very romantic getting to know someone over wonderful wine choices. You definitely have a wow factor dining on the patio catching the sunset. Here's my quip about other Yelp reviews regarding pricing. If you want cheap steak and mediocre setting, go to your chain restaurants. Out of fairness, you can't compare apples to oranges.
5	One of the best steaks I have ever had, also the view is amazing.  This is perfect date location with the lighting and atmosphere.
5	I had the good fortune to have my birthday dinner here tonight and it was really one of the best meals I have ever had....really.I opted for the dover sole that was deboned table side...(gasp). I mean who goes to a steakhouse to have fish,right?  It was cooked to perfection. Definitely the place for a special night out...the view is gorgeous.
4	Had Christmas dinner at J&G with my family.  Solid food, beautiful view.I had the:bacon wrapped shrimp- amazing dish, subtle use of bacon that is not overwhelmingbutternut squash soup- really tasty, not too creamy or salty8 oz filet- got my rare-plus perfectly cooked, good flavor and not drowning in butterapple crumble- DIVINE.  Baked, gooey deliciousness.  Best crumble I have ever had- too bad I was super full from dinner and could not finish :(Overall, the ambiance and view along with the good food make this place exceptional for a special event.  Almost forgot to mention- great service and decent wine list.
1	This place has the worst service I've ever seen in my entire life. I sat down at 7 with my family for my beautiful mothers birthday. It is now 9 and our food hasn't even come to the table. Also the waitress spilled a drink all over the person next to us. This place is horrible every time I come the food is decent at best for a restaurant that is supposed to be this nice. And the 2 hour wait definitely doesn't make it worth it. DO NOT COME HERE unless you plan on spending most or all of your adult life here. This place sucks and holy shit I just got my food... Typical average at best. The only thing this restaurant is good at is making excuses.
