2	THIS is a Crowne Plaza? I must disagree. So I'm not on the club floor, but since when is a fourth-floor King Suite more comparable to Section 8 housing than a reputable hotel chain? I feel like I have gone back in time, to my baby-boomer parent's 1980's bungalow (not on the beach people - think small, dark, smelly and well, 80s). Towels? Yuck. Wallpaper? Significantly peeling off the walls. Windowsill? Covered in bugs ON THE INSIDE. Curtains? Burned with cigarettes. Furniture? Sagging and questionable. I could go on, but I'm sure you get the point. We checked in around midnight after driving to Madison from Chicago in a horrible snowstorm. I was in NO mood for the clueless night auditor who argued with us about everything and then could not seem to locate one luggage cart or extra pillow. Give me a break. I think everything here looks dirty, low-brow and in need of an upgrade. Considering I have to stay two more nights I'm going to go ahead and suck it up, but for those of you who aren't here yet, I would go ahead and make a beeline for the other direction.
3	Serves its purpose but nothing special. The location is across from a mall which makes it a good location to get food. To get to downtown is a $15 cab ride or perhaps a lengthy wait for a bus so keep in mind.Rooms are basic but clean, and the lobby is spacious and modernized. The service is standard and more or less helpful. If you can get a good rate and dont need to be in downtown, this place will serve its purpose. Breakfast is $10 and is standard expanded breakfast. No live cooks though.
2	Location of the place is perfect, right at about the top with the Mall below, and East Washington running across - very city like and nice views. The service was eh - same as any other you can expect. The inside was gorgeous- the lobby , amazing. The pool, ok. The hallways, nice. The rooms... ehh not too sure - wasn't what I had expected. Paid a very high price when could have stayed at Hilton for same amount.  Wasn't what my fiance and I had expected. Don't let the looks of The Crowne Plaza attract you in.
3	They have a nice beer selection in the bar and cute waitresses.
3	The hotel seems to have been remodeled,  but some areas could still use improvement. Nice overall, though. HOWEVER, be prepared for sticker shock if you drink in the bar! I know you are a hostage in a hotel bar, but COME ON---$9.95 for a Grand Marinier!?!?!I don't pay that in Manhattan, let alone freaking Madison, WI. The bar prices alone will keep me from staying here again.I would give a four star if not for this. If I rate the bar/restaurant alone, the food would get a three and bar prices would get a 1.5 to two. Don't hurt your customers like that. You are chasing away return business.
3	Decent hotel.  I will agree with some of those who mentioned that it could use some upgrading.  The elevators are the SLOWEST.  The gym is, well, not.  I realize they have a discount on a place nearby, but sometimes you don't have time for that, or want to bother with that.  That's why I look for fitness centers in hotels...  The service was good.  Front desk, room service, and everyone else was very nice and super helpful.  It is very close to the airport.  Thank God, since my flight was delayed and I wanted to just get to my hotel and sleep.I will probably try other area hotels on future trips, just to see who's got the best amenities.
1	Get your wallet out! This place nickel and dimes you to death and they seem proud of it. I buy a room for a night and a conference room for a day. In the lobby and my sleeping room I get free internet but when I walk in the conference room they want to rob me of $50.00. The workers were embarrased to tell me this and when I asked to speak to someone in charge they told me the managers will not discuss it. If that is not enough they jab me for another $2.65 for a cup of coffee to include a refill. I don't care how nice the place is (and it is nice) I will not come back.
3	This hotel is OK: spacious clean rooms, friendly staff but it disappoints on some other offerings. The breakfast buffet for $12.95 before tax is really limited and not worth it. You are almost better off going to Mc Donald across the street and get a similar quality at a fraction of the price. The swimming pool seems nice but it is located basically in the lobby across from the bar: a bit akward as you might be entertaining the drinking crowd. The fitness room has 2 treadmills, 1 recumbent bike, 1 elliptical and a few free weights, enough to get your cardio going. On the plus side you are across from the mall so it makes it easy to grab a bite walking distance and free wi-fi is available throughout the hotel.
3	Fairly good hotel.  I rated it 3 stars because of the pool and dining areas which were very nice. The rooms were at best decent. Rooms were small and the only way to get a better room was to upgrade to club.  That is very pricy because the regular rooms are 140 a night.    Would I stay again.....Maybe.
1	Beware. This hotel really sticks it to their priceline customers.I am a frequent business traveler, but when I travel for pleasure I use priceline.The hotels that treat me well as a priceline customer get my return business when I pay full rate for work.My wife and I showed up at midnight to check in. We were given a room with two small beds. I asked to be given one large bed instead, but the front desk attendant told me that as a priceline customer I had to take whatever double occupancy room they chose to give me. I understand this is the priceline policy, but most hotels make an effort to accommodate if they have vacancy. I even offered to pay extra and the front desk attendant then claimed there were no other rooms available despite the mostly empty parking lot outside.Crowne Plaza just struck out. Back to Marriott and Hilton I go.
3	If I could do 2.5 stars I would.I pricelined this hotel in Madison and felt that it looked like a great place.  I  then read the reviews and I fretted the entire time before we arrived.  Luckily when we got there it wasn't as bad as I had anticipated.  The lobby is beautiful, the pool area is very nice, the pool was very large too.The room was just ok.  I hate that they only have double beds or one king bed as bed options.  But, we were traveling with a two year old so the double beds worked as one of us slept with our son while the other got a bed to themselves.  The beds were not super comfortable, they felt like they had been around for quite some time. Our room had been remodeled but the wallpaper was peeling from the walls already.  I can promise that is because there is a serious humidity issue in this hotel.  Our room was CONSTANTLY damp.  We turned the air down to 68, we tried warmer, but to no avail, it just stayed damp.  When you laid your head on the pillow it felt damp.  The bad thing about this is we were staying here four days.  Our swimming suits never dried out the entire time we stayed at this hotel.  They ask that you turn off the AC when you leave the room and turn it back on when you return.  I refused to do that with the humidity issues that were present and yet the maid service turned our AC off two days we were there.  There is a Starbucks in the hotel, but, I never once saw it open.  The pool area was lovely, but, it was quite cold when you initially got in, but once acclimated it was okay.  The hot tub was very hot.Access was easy off the highway, close to the airport, but, Madison is doing major road construction on Washington and that caused a lot of delays at stoplights getting in and out of the hotel.
3	The lobby here is nice, pool area nice, staff nice. Room was big. Felt a little janky in there.. Some stuff falling apart, like the toilet paper was sitting on the counter because the roll was missing. And the towels were really scratchy and rough.Also, my last day I had requested a 445am wake up call so I cold leave to catch my flight, and never got one. I'm lucky I set an alarm too!
3	This hotel was just o.k. with many little annoying things that that just added up over the 3 night stay. At check in the attendant could not find our reservation as it was entered with the wrong check in date in the hotel's computer system. This problem haunted us our entire stay. We were expressed checked out on Monday even though we were scheduled to leave on Tuesday. Then on Tuesday the new bill showed a no show charge for that wrong check in date.The 2nd morning we could not make coffee in the room as the coffee maker was missing the carafe, and the swing arm that holds the carafe.Our own utensil (spoon) was missing and never returned. The lobby was always very cold and when I noted that to the front desk person,she showed me the space heater she brought in for her use. (It's 80 degrees outside.)Sunday night at 9 P.M. our party of four ordered dinner of sandwiches and salads at Growlers Restaurant off the main lobby. Our order took about 40 minutes even though most of the other patrons were only drinking.We used the workout room. The bicycle was old and in need of repair. The facility is limited.A lamp in the room was missing a light bulb the entire stay.The tub for the shower is very slippery.I give this a 3 because the room was large and comfortable and we slept well,and our complaints overall were annoying but minor in nature.We were at this hotel because this is where our event in Madison sent us.We will not stay here again.
4	We found the staff at the Crowne Plaza-East hotel to be superb. My partner and I got married the weekend of September 22nd, and we had our wedding rehearsal dinner at the Crowne Plaza. The event coordinator, Brianne, is excellent and should be commended for such an amazing job. She was an absolute pleasure to work with. As a same-sex couple, we had absolutely no problem feeling comfortable and accepted at this hotel. Everyone was extremely respectful and friendly. Communication with hotel staff and their willingness to work with us was fantastic. We also stayed in an Executive King Room for the weekend and got dressed for our wedding in the room. Although we may have preferred a bit more space, we found the room to be clean and comfortable and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We were given permission for our puppy to stay with us as well - the fact that the Crowne Plaza is dog-friendly was much appreciated! Our only issue the entire stay was that our tub didn't drain properly (we didn't have time during the wedding chaos to ask for this to be fixed, but we are confident it would be have been done immediately). This was minor compared to the excellent customer service, comfortable accommodations and great location for east Madison events. We had some of our wedding guests join us in the hotel lobby/bar after our reception, and we were very pleased with our stay. A huge thank you to the hotel staff for helping to make our wedding weekend such a stress-free one!
2	This place doesn't come close to living up to the Crowne Plaza name.  The rooms are clean enough however they have really cheapped out on the fixtures.  The dresser in the first room we were in had broken out bottoms in the dresser drawers and a running toilet.  The second room had two of the dresser drawers screwed shut because they were missing.  I will pass next time I am in town.
2	Just stayed here for one night and it was passable. It wasn't awesome, but it is well located and fairly clean. It's just a bit dated and tired looking. The staff is friendly, so it's got that going for it.
2	Lobby and swimming pool are excellent. Staff above average.  2 stars because the rooms ( clean but)  were beaten up and in need of a serious facelift. Stains on the rugs. Scuff marks on the door. Overall , for the price( 95 with aaa rate), I was satisfied with my stay. If they renovate the rooms I would give it a 4.5.
2	I've never stayed at a hotel that charged me BEFORE I even checked in.  Then charged my card again after I asked them not to (I'd be paying in cash) because I couldn't avoid another over draft fee.  If I ran out the door and tried to stiff them, yeah, by all means, you have my card on file.  But charge me TWICE before I even attempted to check out?   I've never been to a hotel this sketch.
4	Very nice, clean, great bar area with unique beer on tap (hello Three Floyd's!) Comfortable room, love the relaxation toiletries and the bed was great!
1	My flight was cancelled and had to stay. They offered a "distressed rate" and the staff was nice and friendly. However the rooms are from the 1980's. The furniture looks like it belongs n a Motel Six. The carpets are frayed, the walls and doors are beat up, the hallway carpets are in need of replacing. Upper management should be ashamed to have not upgraded the rooms years ago.
4	My flight out of Madison was canceled and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza because the woman working the United desk said it was the best among the hotels that offered a "distressed passenger" rate. I was optimistic based on her assessment but my expectations were lowered after reading many of the reviews on Yelp. Overall I had a really good experience and experienced none of the negative issues noted in other reviews. Most of the decor in my room appeared to have been updated in recent years, including the large flat screen TV.  A few things were clearly older, but I got the impression they were gradually being improved. The bed was comfortable and there was an assortment of pillows. The shower was fine. The staff were very friendly, not only the folks at the front desk but also the cleaning crew. The Wifi was free and fast. There is a Starbuck's with limited hours in the hotel itself, but there is a full service one just a few hundred yards down the road. Also within easy walking distance is a large mall and some great places to eat (including Mexican and Japanese). The workout room includes two treadmills, an elliptical, a recumbent bike, some dumbbells, a bench, and a couple mats. The machines were older but of good quality. I stayed a Saturday night and there was a wedding at the hotel, but I had absolutely no issues with noise. Overall I was quite satisfied. I should also mention that they have a free shuttle van that will take you anywhere within a 3-mile radius. It leaves every hour or half hour.  I have never stayed in a hotel with that service before. So although the overall feel of the place may be three-star (yes, the big pool in the lobby reminds me of the Holiday Inns of the 80s), in my judgement the staff and the amenities put this in the four-star category.
3	We stayed here on our way to Chicago for the weekend, and overall had a great stay. The Crowne Plaza Madison is an older property and its far from the "fun" part of Madison, but the friendliness of the staff really made the stay decent for us.Tom at the front desk was especially welcoming and personable. He made check-in a breeze.We did see a few of the issues listed by other reviewers. The hallways had an "smell" which can be attributed to the age of the hotel. Also, the wallpaper in our room was peeling in spots. Our pillows were quite awful, but in the morning I noticed that they offered a selection of other pillows, had we just called the front desk. I'll give them a pass there.Overall the place is alright. The friendly staff made up for some of the other shortfalls. It wouldn't be my first choice in Mad-Town, but really the location is the only issue that will keep me from coming back.
2	The price for a 2 bed room with a TV, radio, desk, and lounge chair is  over $125 per night (no fridge, no microwave). The appearance of the room is not pleasant (peeling wallpaper, poor paint, visible water damage in the room). The room appears to have last been updated prior to my birth (1980's). Upon arrival, a housekeeper was notified that the lamp in our room did not work. She replied that she would call downstairs to send someone up. Nobody came.  Four hours later, I found a maintenance worker myself who immediately came to the room and replaced the lamp. There is no fan in the bathroom, but that's not much of an issue because there isn't much steam since the water only gets lukewarm at best. On 4-21-14, at 3:44am I was unpleasantly shocked awake by a very loud alarm somewhere in the hall outside my room. I later found out that it was thought to be due to a dirty smoke detector. That increased my confidence in the overall cleanliness of the facility. On 4-22-14, I was appalled that a housekeeper walked into the room without even knocking. That was very frightening to hear a key card clicking in my door when I didn't have any guests!  There are six pieces of fruit put out on the front desk each morning. If you don't get one of those, you'll have to pay ten dollars for a mediocre breakfast bar. This part deserves it's own paragraph. The smell of this facility is that of an angry, unbathed gladiator suffering the heat of a Roman sun mixed with the excretions of baby post-sweet potato. You've been warned. The air handling is so terrible, I truly cannot warn you enough. I am not able to hold my breath long enough to tolerate the stench. Particularly worrisome is that the stink is worst in a stairwell. If the dirty smoke detectors ever went of with warning of impending doom, that doom may be more so from the stairwell stink (remember not to play in elevators during a fire!) than the fire. The pool is nice!
4	Priceline deal for $60 over the weekend...  Nice older place.  Clean, the beds are clean and the pool is nice.  Room service is VERY expensive, with all the places across the street skip it.  Good clean place to rest for the night.
2	Used hotwire to find a last minute deal when traveling through Madison. We generally aim more for Country Inn or Hampton... but this was the best deal.  At check-in I was told they only had king beds left,  though the parking lot was quite empty.  When we got to the room there were no sheets for the hide-a-bed. We went to the front desk and asked for some. We were told that the security guard would bring them up. 45 minutes later (it was close to 12:30 am at this point) we had to call and remind them. The room was pretty rough. Lots of ding marks on the doors and trims. The light over the mirror didn't work. Things were just worn out.  The bed had clearly seen better days.  Crowne gives you these silly "relax packs" with aroma therapy stuff.  A good bed would do more for making me relaxed. In general I wasn't impressed.  We'll stick with Country Inn & Hampton inns.
2	The room had big stains on carpet. The free wifi was completely unreliable and cut off every five to seven minutes.  The tub drain did not work and couldn't be a new issue. This was better than the first room in which they tried to put me which smelled like there was a sewage issue. I told them the room smelled unfortunate and that I had a cold, so it must be bad. They did move me without a problem.  The service was good other than the fact that the early morning guy couldn't be bothered to get off the phone even for a second. Stay elsewhere if you have a choice.
