4	I encountered a "gravity" issue. I dropped my phone and this time it landed on the glass. Boom, broken screen. Waaaaaaaa!After a search of Yelp brought me to a spot in the Carolina Place Mall, where I learned that they only repair iPhones, I stopped by the TMobile kiosk and they pointed me here.Great service, not exactly speedy, but they go it done and I now have a shiny new piece of glass on my phone. And I have ordered a better case from Amazon.Tip: Call first to make sure that they have your model in stock.
5	I was recommended by to CPR by an authorized Apple Service provider.  I had my ipad screen replaced under warranty by Walmart's extended warranty service center.  I got it back with dead spots on it.  I took it to CPR to have them replace the screen again.  After a few hours, they called me back to say that they had reinstalled a new screen but it was having the same problem.  Turns out Walmart did a sloppy job of putting it back together and did damage to the main board.  Michael (owner) called me with the bad news and said he would not charge me since he did not fix the problem.  I wish there were more businesses that had that philosophy.  I will definitely be back if I need them again.  (I hope not)
5	Dropped my phone off because the home screen wasn't unlocking. They quoted me 79.99 over the phone in case it was the digitizer.I get a call not too long after that it's working just fine, and that it actually fixed itself. They told me no charge and bring it back for repair in case problem persists and/or if it happens again. They could've easily charged me the original quoted price. Instead, they were honest and forthright, and wouldn't even let me tip the technician. This is the way you build a business and its reputation. They will have always have my business, and i'll recommend them to all my friends/co workers who is in need of a repair.
5	After I smashed the glass on my phone I called a couple places. These guys were the only ones who had the glass in stock.  The repair was priced reasonably and the service was unparalleled.If you broke your phone, bring it here. They will take good care of you.
