3	I was very disappointed to find that the closest Goodwill to my daughter's had closed--until I saw this location which is even closer to where I am staying in town.  I stopped in there this evening and found it is an even larger store located where the Gold's Gym used to be, a 30,000 sq. ft. area.  They have a pretty big selection spread out, all the usual clothing and housewares plus tons of Halloween costumes, accessories and decorations since it's September.  I found the sewing and notions section off on the left wall and bought some yarn for the preemie hats I knit, plus a pretty lavender baby blanket for my new granddaughter and a plastic container to keep craft supplies in.  Today was senior day (lucky break) so I got 25% off my purchase, also there isis always one color tag 50% off and once or twice a month they have a 50% off everything day.  They don't have garage sale prices because it's a store with rent, employees, electricity, phone and advertising, etc. to pay but the prices still beat what buying new costs.  If I don't want to pay the price I just don't buy it.  The store looked as clean as can be expected for a thrift shop where customers are constantly messing things up and the two clerks I dealt with we're pleasant and helpful.    There is a huge private lot to park in.  I'll be back soon with my daughter to look around again.
3	Great location, because it's next to Bookman's.Been years since I've been in there.So anyway, came here on a Sunday and picked up a few things.  The tchochkis were sparse, the shoes were ALL OVER the place, some of the staff I couldn't tell the difference between them and actual customers, people (staff) were hanging around talking -loudly, racks were parked in the middle of aisles  while the employees chatted.  Seemed poorly managed as a whole.Saw a customer in the very back going through packages but I didn't even want to stick around to see what he was in search of.  Check out line, yes, just one at that time, was rather long and when another register did open I did not hesitate to jump on that action so I could get out of this place.  Young man working the register was polite and efficient and he even honored the student discount for my college student son.  That was ALMOST a bargain had this Goodwill marked their items consistently.  I had a suede jacket that I could have purchased at any other location for $7.99 -here they marked it to $24.00 for one jacket and $19.99 for another.Ladies jackets at every other Goodwill location is $7.99...And please Goodwill, you make huge profits already and pay your employees minimum wage, stop asking for me (or anyone else) to donate our spare change at the end of each transaction.  Many more thrift stores that actually benefit our community around town, including the Salvation Army, and they don't ask for more.
4	Went here while visiting some relatives that live in the area. I was immediately impressed by the cleanliness and organization of the store. Really enjoyed the assortment of books ranging from .$99 to $2.99. Also browsed the household appliances, furniture, and children's clothing. Eventually settled on 10 brand name T-shirts for $1.99 a piece. Yes the cashier did ask if I wanted to donate my change but seriously with what your saving can you blame them? I happily obliged. I would totally shop there again if I'm in the area.
3	Your basic Goodwill. Items I've found here aren't particularly remarkable, but their location makes it very easy to donate items that you've tried to sell and have been rejected by Bookman's.
4	I love visiting this Goodwill on Saturday because it's all half-price! Even though it gets pretty busy, the lines move nicely.The only complaint I have about this store is that the clothing selection is always terrible! Most Goodwills I visit, I can find a basket full of awesome clothes with no problem, but not here. I do love the plates, glassware, etc. It's so fun to rummage through!
4	Not the cleanest. Bugs in the lady's restroom... ick! We typically peruse the book section, but it's lacking. Lots of old TVs and dirty furniture.
4	Store often has a great selection books. Pricing is slightly more consistant than other stores. People are always helpful and courteous.
