3	Ok.  So it *is* a Red Roof Inn.   The rooms could have been a bit cleaner, maybe re-done.  There is no coffee maker in the room, but they have a great machine in the lobby just outside the elevator doors.  They have anything from regular coffee to vanila lattes, I appreciated that :)  The staff was WONDERFULL!! Especially Meesa...We were there for Spring training, It was happily no problem at all for us to check in late, and she was extremely helpful and polite our entire stay, reccommending places to eat, etc...  She remembered our names (and those of other guests) quickly and was lots of fun to just talk with!  Once we were a couple hours out of Tempe, I realized I had left my TENS unit at the hotel (it is an electro-stimulation device for pain control)  It was brand new.  I called the next day and spoke with Nora.  She was superbly helpful, found the item and shipped it out to me quickly.    Because of the location and the wonderful staff and the price, I would stay there again.
4	Paid $49 for two full beds, not a bad price.  Had a coffee maker and was pretty clean.  Service was great, no problems.  I recommend it if you're just staying a night or two, very close to the Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport.
4	I have now stayed here twice. Both were good experiences. Both times were were here for spring training. The hotel is perfect for what we are doing. We don't need a restaurant onsite, or a weight room. We just want a clean place to stay for a reasonable price. This place provides us with just that.Use you AAA card, you get about 10% off your stay, too. During spring training it was only about $70 a night for two beds. We booked three rooms at that price, as there were six of us. They do not do rollaway beds, FYI. If they did, we would have only needed two rooms, three people in each room, but whatever.The location is great for being close to downtown Tempe and Sky Harbor Airport, both about 5 minutes away. There isn't really anything you can walk to for anything. And I mean anything. No Circle K or fast food even. It is kind of like in a business park area, though it is next to a couple of other hotels.There is free wifi, which I used and I didn't have any issues.We will be back.
1	I didn't make this reservation, wasn't expecting a luxury hotel, but definitely expected a lot more. Room was not ready upon arrival. After checking in and going to the room-someone was in the room! They gave me a key to someone's room!! Room number two wasn't made up or cleaned. Keys were disabled multiple times though they were kept separate from electronic devices or other cards. There were cigarette burns throughout the room. What an awful place. Avoid at all costs.
5	No complaints about our stay here. Stayed two nights.We booked with Travelocity and were able to bring our dog with us at no additional charge--unheard of among hotels and we were so glad for that.Room was clean and recently renovated, bed plenty comfortable. Everything worked fine. The price was awesome, too.Super quiet location, too. We didn't get woken up by any noise, but the second night, just to be safe, we left the bathroom fan on all night (it makes just the right amount of background noise).The lady working the desk at night was an absolute SWEETHEART, too. She remembered my name and was super warm and friendly, besides being very professional.Great stay. For the price, location, and pet-friendliness, I'll be staying here again next time I visit Tempe.
4	Stayed here for five days during a conference.  Very clean!. Coffee always ready.  The best part was the staff!! The front desk guy Cameron was great. Red Roof is very lucky to have such an efficient and hard working employee. If I had a business I would hire him to work for me.
3	Only stayed one night and picked it due to its location to the Pheonix airport -- had an early flight the next dayI'll rate it for what it is... a 2 star hotel.  It's not claiming to be something its not.Location is back in like an industrial/business/techie area - no pretty scenery here.  Pretty barebones hotel but it fit the bill for a place to sleep for the night and got a good deal on it through Hotwire.Flat screen TV in room had HBO and a fair amount of channels.Room was clean enough.Front desk staff was very courteous and professional with a sense of humor. Pool was on the small side, but we didnt go in.No breakfast.  Just coffee in lobby, but we left before it was made so can't comment on that.  All in all, would book again if I was just interested in a place to sleep before going to the airport.If I were interested in actually spending time at the hotel, I would look elsewhere for something with more amenities, which would also come with a higher price tag, undoubtedly.Kind of hard to rate it.... I mean, its a 2 star hotel... so 2 for that, and +1 for the friendly front desk people.
4	I can't really complain for $40/nt. The pillows are a bit too firm for my taste. The rooms were cleaned daily and they have coffee and tea in the lobby.Relative Distances:- 8 min from the airport- 2 min to Arizona State University- 15 min to Scottsdale- 15 min to Camelback Mountain- 12 min to ArcadiaNote there are no irons, blow dryers, or full length mirrors.
2	A friend of mine visiting from California stayed here one weekend.  I went to pick him up at his hotel room.  It was the first time I've been to a Red Roof Inn and I wasn't impressed.  The room was large, but it wasn't well appointed and very bland.   The elevator didn't work very well, it "stuttered" and gave me a sense that you could get stuck between floors....not saying that it would do that, but it gave me that uneasy feeling.I asked him why he selected this place and he said it was because it was cheap.  He didn't like the beds and didn't sleep well.  For the traveler on a budget, it would probably work fine.Return Factor - 30%
4	Don't stay here.  I mean it, I want rooms available for when I need to go back into Phoenix/Tempe. I had a horrible experience at the Red Roof in Burbank and was leery about booking here because of it, but the price was excellent and the location good enough for my needs.  If this had turned out in any way negative, I would have sworn off of Red Roof completely.Thankfully, this was a great experience. The room was clean, everything worked (well, the free wifi was a bit slow, but oh well), the bed was comfortable, the staff friendly, and they allowed pets (good note for future travel).  Everything was a lot better than I would expect for the price. And you really can't beat the price, especially for that location.  Good food nearby, easy to get to.  I would absolutely recommend staying here.
3	Large, clean, comfortable, quiet...and SMOKY.  The front desk clerk couldn't smell any smoke.  To me, the air was blue with it and it kept getting worse.  That and the internet barely worked and cut out even after an hour's worth of support desk calls.  Why spend so much to remodel if you are not going to enforce your "100% No Smoking Room" advertisement?
3	There were some characters staying here. I mean in addition to me. Paid sixty two bones for one night, which seems like a lot during the slow (monsoon) season. Very helpful person at the front desk.
5	I come to town every 2 weeks to stay one night and fly back home (I like picking the 5am departure flight) and OMG at $50 a night is the bargain of the century!!! Very Courteous Staff, Excellent  location (2 min away from I-10 & about 7 min to the airport). Clean room, new carpet, sheets, mattresses. Won't be staying anymore at the Sheraton (99 to 129) next to it anytime soon
4	Nice hotel if flying out, great 24 hour Mexican drive thru down broadway past circle k,  reasonably priced, safe parking, clean room, clean bed.
4	I was visiting a handful of friends in the Phoenix/Tempe area. I generally just stay with friends but got a hotel room this time. I'll admit, I was going for no frills and CHEAP ....minus bed bugs. There are plenty of hotels in the area due to ASU and the Phoenix airport, so prices are wonderfully competitive. Read some reviews here and was skeptical, but seemed worth a try. Room: Upgraded for $5 per night to a king size bed. I had a mini fridge and microwave (wonderful for leftovers!) a single cup coffee machine, a table and chairs and a desk. The blanket was thin and I asked for another, but they worked. A/C, heater fan thing was a window unit but kept everything comfortable. Free WiFi and lot parking. Flat screen tv, dresser and super awkward 2 level corner desk. If you had taken that out you could have fit another full size bed! Was able to open my window a few inches for fresh air as well. A few stains here and there, but everything was pretty clean for an older building. Bathroom was unremarkable but, uh, got the job done. Had Pantene brand shampoo. Paid about $55 per night over a weekend (Fri-Sun). The people at the check in desk were friendly  enough and the late night front desk guy even gave us walking directions to a convenience store after a night of bar hopping. Felt secure and housekeeping didn't pester us. Elevator was a little wobbly and old....we took the stairs half the time, the place is only 3 levels tall. Would stay here again and recommend it if you get a deal. Cab fare to downtown Tempe/ Mill street is about $8 each way (so think $20 round trip). Plenty of cabs, light rail and busses in the area (so no drunk driving excuses!)This is my first stay at a Red Roof ever and I am more than satisfied....I think having a mini fridge might even convince me to bump this up half a star. I've stayed at some nice hotels and this old little crappy building made me feel very at ease. Sometimes you'd rather have a wave hello at the front desk instead of a tuxedo man opening the door every time you glance inside.
2	For what I'm paying for, I was hoping to get some work done in the hotel. But the internet speed is so slow (eg. 100 Kbps dial up speed), for most of the time, I'm just waiting there for the file transfers to/from work. Room is decent sized and clean.
3	Tough to find safe areas around the sky harbor airport. We had reservations at a days inn and if you don't mind smoking rooms and used syringes in the parking lot it's for you. This red roof inn is in a cluster of hotels five miles from the airport and even closer to the car rental return area. In this cluster all the hotels are newer and area is clean and safe. The Sheraton is in this cluster with an extended stay America hotel. I would have stayed at the Sheraton had I known. The red roof is the newest design. Very friendly staff. Rooms are basic like a motel six. No breakfast. Coffee in the lobby is good. Plenty of parking near the door. No airport shuttle. For the price $89 this was not a great value but it was very clean and safe.
4	Great room for the price. Paid 70 and we were expecting a shitty hotel.  Rooms looked newly remodeled, beds were comfortable and the place was clean.
5	I've become a bit of an expert in Red Roof Inn's traveling around the U.S. on a 7-month road trip with my dog. This was one of my favorites of the whole trip, and also one of the lowest priced, which seems contradictory, but I'm not complaining! lolIt was clean, quiet, housekeeping was awesome and great at their jobs, which is becoming harder to find, front desk staff was friendly and efficient, grounds were clean and well-maintained, room was spacious and comfortable. Location was very convenient. Everything worked, looked great, outlets were easy to access, bed was super comfy. Just awesome in every way.I have 6 more weeks left of my road trip, while I photograph client's dogs up the west coast back to Seattle, and I so wish I could bring this Red Roof Inn with me. I've only felt that way about a few properties on this trip (Dallas TX, Morrow GA, New Haven CT), so this says a lot. Stay here. You'll like it. :-)
3	This is my go to spot for a cheap, clean, safe hotel when in Phoenix. I visit Phoenix frequently and don't always feel like spending a lot on a hotel. This hotel is totally no frills but has fairly large rooms, mini-fridges, electronic safes and very fast wi-fi. I've paid an average of $47 per night. Plenty of free parking. Already booked another  stay.
