5	Best mocha I have ever had. No joke. Congrats guys and good luck with the new business.
5	Awesome belgian waffle made from scratch. Friendly service and great peppermint mocha.
5	The atmosphere: awesome relaxed ambiance with wonderful photographs on the wall. The cafe is clean and staff is wonderful.The coffee: nice smooth and aromatic. The latte I had was very well crafted and the milk was properly frothed (not overly done like a cappuccino)The food: the Belgian waffle was excellent. Everything was hand made and the fresh fruit and whip cream was great. Though the waffle was a tad soggy so maybe it can use a little more time on the waffle iron.Overall I think the owner puts the right amount of dedication and effort to make this cafe stand out from the rest. I haven't seen such commitment to food quality and customer service for a long time.
4	This newest independent coffee shop in the South West is a great place to get a cup of coffee and hang out. I judge my lattes by how much (if any) sugar I have to add to make them drinkable. It should be none and that's how they make them here! Not weak, just not bitter.Just had a Beanz Slammer which is a shot of espresso, a shot of cream and a shot of flavor served in what else, a shot glass.  Nice kick-start to your morning. The zucchini bread is really tasty too!The interior is airy and comfortable with sofa chairs and high-top tables, a perfect environment to hang out or get a little work done outside the office. The music is an eclectic selection of the local owners. (I asked.)Wish I lived closer as I'd be here more often. For those of you on the run, they do have a drive-through. The only reason they don't get 5 stars just yet is that I haven't tried everything I want!
5	Our new favorite coffee place in Las Vegas!!My fiance and I used to go to Starbucks literally EVERY DAY until their service and quality began to lack big time. We stopped going every day, but still wanted our coffee kick. One morning, my fiance decided to take a walk across the street to check out Beanz Coffee Cafe. He was so moved by his experience at Beanz that he called me to tell me how amazing his coffee was and that this was our new coffee place. He even got to sit down, tune their guitar, and play a few songs while enjoying the ambience. Their coffee beans are local from Boulder so you know you're not getting some processed crap like other places. They have a multitude of flavors to put in your drink to make every cup a unique experience. Beanz also carries almond milk and for only like 27 cents extra!! Be sure to try the Banana Split Latte... omg. Please people, skip your trip to big chain Starbucks and check out this wonderful local owned BEANZ :)
5	Well this place used to be called Sonoma Coffee Cafe and it was started by my current manager. Needless to say his business didn't do so well and he closed it...which now it's Beanz Coffee Cafe! I feel like I'm cheating or betraying him by going to the new coffee shop BUT I must say TO BAD because Beanz is way Better! I got the Iced Cafe Mocha and it was YUMMY! The ladies in there was Super Nice. I will most definitely be coming back!!!
5	Love this small local coffee shop. Really nice atmosphere, warm and inviting. The baristas were also very helpful and friendly. I really enjoyed my first visit and will be back soon!
5	This place is awesome. Great friendly baristas and very cozy setting. There's a large table for a big group, high tables, and a corner area with leather seats so there's something for everyone. The best thing I appreciated was they don't play their music loud. They keep it really faint for people who need to study or just want a quiet setting to enjoy their coffee. My new favorite cafe! I do wish they had outdoor seating.
4	Friendly baristas! Good-tasting coffee! Free Wi-Fi! Drive thru! Local and Independent business! What else is left to say? I go here during break from work. I've tried their matcha green tea frappe and also their caramel frappe (via co-worker). Their coffee tasted SO good, I wouldn't mind getting addicted to it. It is so flavorful, I almost forget what real coffee tastes like since big-chain brands have been so watered down that all I taste is the ice.They also have non-dairy alternatives, so that's a plus. I'll need to visit more often since I have yet to try their non-coffee products, like their pastries and smoothies. Their prices are pretty standard for specialty coffee prices nowadays. They even have "coffee" for kids. There's no real caffeine in it, and it's a smart idea since some kids love the taste of frappes but this won't get them hyper haha! I'll definitely need to update further on my experience with this locally owned cafe. I would love to continue coming here.
5	Cappuccino is really yummy!
2	This is really a "meh. I've experienced  better." Nothing fancy to write about. I ordered my usual...an iced coconut latte with nonfat milk and sadly, I was disapointed. My coffee drink tasted watered down. Didn't have much of a coconut taste to it and definitely didn't taste any coffee. Once again, Watered. Down. It kind of had an after taste like some sort of tea flavoring. Glad I bookmarked this and had a chance to try this out. Wasn't to my liking so it's okay...there are plenty of other great coffee shops (no, i'm not talking about Starbucks) here in Las Vegas.
5	Very friendly cafe on Blue Diamond that has DELICIOUS smoothies and tasty coffee.  The best parts of Beanz:- Drive-Thru for when you're feeling lazy- Free Wi-Fi- Friendly, courteous staff- Relaxing & welcoming atmosphereI really love that this locally owned small business is out there in a world of otherwise chained out coffee shops!
3	Beanz is pretty cool! Although not really for the drinks. I need to try more of those. I just like the place.Wide open spaces. Clean, friendly atmosphere. Paintings hanging on the walls. Quick wifi. Nice people running it who also bring you your drink. This makes for a nice coffee shop experience no matter what. I need to have more of their drinks, though, before I judge. I had a chai latte which was less than stellar, but who cares. I was there to get some work done anyway.I'll be back and updates will come. I love the atmosphere here and the prices are reasonable. Worth dropping in if you're in the area!
2	So I'm a huge fan of supporting local businesses and on a lazy Sunday, I drove past the Dunkin and the Starbucks, excited to try Beanz Coffee Cafe after seeing it many times. First thoughts? All this seating doesn't really exist. There is so much negative space outside--why not capitalize with a few cafe tables? And there's just a big gaping space in the center where there should be tables for two; if there were a long line, I could see it making sense, but there wasn't so it made how empty this place was so much more obvious. First glance at the menu, this is clearly a shop for people who like some coffee with their sugar. Lots of flavor syrups and unique lattes for a sugary concoction with a small dose of java. But that's OK--different strokes for different folks--and maybe that's the ticket to a delightful coffee beverage at Beanz. I, on the otherhand, opted for an Americano which I thought would be a safe bet but boy was I wrong. Watery espresso with no crema--none. I can make better drip coffee at home. For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed. But maybe my breakfast sandwich would be better? Don't even bother. The bagels, I swear, are Thomas's from the bag. I've had better bagels from the grocery store. The eggs were microwaved (gross) and the cheese was just processed yellow Kraft Singles. One word? Avoid. This place was such a disappointment. I certainly won't be returning.
5	While driving home this morning from the boonies aka Southern Highlands, I stopped by this place and ordered a Beanz sweet latte. Upon first sip, I noticed an interesting flavor that I normally don't taste while drinking coffee elsewhere. The coffee has a strong smokey and aromatic flavor that is rather sophisticated and very unique. What a surprise! The Beanz sweet latte is a latte sweetened by honey instead of syrup. I asked the barista to add a drizzle of caramel into it. The honey and caramel combination make for a nice and delicious cup of espresso drink. I'm definitely stopping by here again if I happen to be in the neighborhood.
5	They have the BEST espresso and is much cheaper than Starbucks. I have come to hate Starbucks now and cant wait until I come get my dirty chai from Beanz. They have exceptional customer service and are very nice; Ive never had an issue with them. Would def recommend this spot for coffee, breakfast and just a chill spot to hang and study.
5	Love the service. I go here almost everyday and they know many of their clientele by name. I marine that a community type of atmosphere in Las Vegas. My favorite is the White Russian. When I go through the drive thru, and they recognize my voice and they won't even let me finish my sentence, they know that I want the White Russian. The service is top notch here, and they listen to their customer's concerns.  When I felt that my order has become too sweet, I voiced my concern to them and they made a couple of cups for me and asked which one tasted the best. They noted my concern, and I have never ever had a problem with my drinks again. That is the kind of service that you get in this place.
5	I love this place!!!! I've had many different Matcha Green Tea Frappe's, but this place definitely takes the cake!! There was so much flavor and it was just super refreshing!! I have also tried the White Russin frappe which was also delicious!! Very glad my husband and I decided to try this place out cuz we haven't had a bad experience yet!! Completely recommend!! :D
3	Our Yelp book club meeting was here this evening.  The hours changed since we planned the event  so we had to cut our discussion of "Legal Tender" short.  We thought we had a least another half hour.Beanz seems to be a relaxing place.  There were comfortable chairs and place for the seven of us to sit.  The music was turned off but I didn't know if they knew we were having a meeting of sorts or whether it was because they were closing.  As we got near 7 PM, one of the workers came over and told us they were closing in about 2 minutes.  We were out the door quickly.I got a black iced tea and it was good.  Service was fine.  This is a good drive from home so this is not a coffee shop I'd normally come to nor do I think I'll return.
5	I don't normally drink frappe-type drinks, but their Caramel frappes are sooooo good. The coffee they use is tasty, strong, and not too bitter. The caramel isn't too sweet like a lot of other places. It's just the right balance! I normally don't finish my coffee drinks, but I can gulp down theirs and want seconds. I've also tried their marshmallow frappe.. it's good, but caramel is still better. And their banana split latte.. also yummy, and tastes just like a banana split! The only bad thing I have to say is that sometimes their frappes melt fast and become watery, but the flavor is so good that it doesn't bother me.
2	I was so excited to try this place out, but after this morning I'm debating to ever go back again. I went to the drive thru and I asked the lady for a minute to look over their menu. I told her when I was ready and she replied, "okay what can I get for you?" I told her which latte I wanted and I hear nothing. I said hello about 4 times within 30 seconds and nothing. She finally comes back laughing and says, "what can I get for you?" And I said I had already told her while I can still hear her giggling so I don't know what was goin on back there. So I told her again and she says "okay ill have your total ready at the window" and leaves. I had to call her back again to order a breakfast sandwich. I was the only one in the drive thru but it took me ten minutes to get my items. She never even told me my total or gave me a receipt. My coffee was alright, but oh my gosh the breakfast sandwich was terrible. It was hard as a rock and burnt! Very disappointing.
3	Stopped by on the way back to California from a short Vegas trip. Seems like a pretty chill place to hang out or even study. They offer Belgian waffles here with extensive toppings to customize your order. They have a separate menu just for that so if you're in the mood for breakfast/dessert, this is definitely a place to check out. The main reason why we came here is that they have Happy Hour that consists of $2 medium drinks and $3 large drinks. It's a pretty good deal if you're consistently making daily pitstops to satisfy your caffeine cravings. We ordered a Pumpkin Spice latte (off the menu) with almond milk. Im finding it more common for coffee shops to carry almond milk, which I really appreciate since regular milk can be hard on my stomach and soy just gets redundant. The latte wasn't bad, but nothing amazing either. I couldn't tell if it was too sweet but it definitely tasted watered down. I was a bit disappointed because yelp reviews really hyped it up. Maybe I'll have to stop by again and update my review.
1	Ordered usual drink.  Coffee was very bitter and could not taste added flavoring but was charged an extra dollar.  I spend less at other coffee shops for better quality.  The drink tasted like it was burnt or bottom of the pot.  I tried to call and number on the receipt went to a generic answering machine.  What business does not have their name on answering machine.  I returned home with no time to go back out.  Still have not heard back from this store.
5	Update: This establishment closed down. :( My original review:I've never had a poor tasting tea or coffee from here...its consistently good tasting! My favorites are the chai tea latte...the decaf version is delicious and black iced tea. The egg cream is super tasty-- chocolate malt-like. The banana split smells delicious and tastes like a liquid version of banana bread. Really pleasant staff and prompt service are also consistent experiences for me at BEANZ.
4	Way better than Starbucks! Casual environment with a friendly and helpful staff. The coffee and tea drinks are very good quality.
4	Wife and I checked this place out due to the good Yelp reviews and were not disappointed. Great coffee, customer service and very yummy waffles! They truly can make any type of waffle you desire. I had the strawberry/banana waffle and was not disappointed. Note: the waffles are flavored with syrups, so no fruit was actually harmed in the making of the waffle :-)
5	My favorite coffee place.  They serve almond milk and that's a huge perk for me.  The staff is always helpful and friendly.Decor is great.  They showcase local painters & it's wonderful to see unique art.I will go here than any other place, even if other places are more convenient.
3	Was on this side of town and needed a caffeine fix....love that that have a drive thru! But the menu needs a little more description. Not sure how someone is suppose to know what a "sweet latte" or "banana split" coffee or "White Russian frapp" is that they have posted on their menu with no details. And asking questions through a drive thru is no fun.I ended up with an Irish cream soy latte. Coffee was really good, but it took them no joke 10 mins (no cars before or after me) very bizarre.
5	This place is the best go here every morning drinks are good food is good and pretty much all the girls that work there are beautiful witch makes it even better if you haven't tried it you gotta go
4	Stopped by this little gem on the Decatur/Blue Diamond intersection. My first visit did a drive thru order. Attendant was very nice willing to answer any questions. I ordered a Carmel latte. Done well and not like Starbucks, but then again that was the purpose to support a business that isn't nation wide and think more locally. For less than $5 I left content. Next time I think I will go in to check it out more carefully.
5	The fact that they can make your drink with almond milk is one of the reasons I was initially drawn to try Beanz. Their banana split latte is delicious. It's not too sweet, and you can tell their coffee has a good flavor. Also, if you're just in the mood for regular, flavored coffee, they have a wide variety of syrups to choose from, sugar-free included. They have a drive-thru which makes it convenient for on-the-go people like myself. But the shop itself is a nice place to kickback, study, and just have me-time.
5	Awesome coffee and great service! The peanut butter frappe is my favorite!  Only thing is that I wish they had larger sizes,  their large is only a 16 oz.
3	So far so good but I'm used to the Starbucks larger sizes is the only drawback. I've only had the Iced coffees and iced americanos so far.  I also don't like the fact it closes at 7pm since I workout nights even though alot of other coffee places do the same.  I heard they have good food/snacks inside like waffles, etc but I dont go for that stuff. I am just a coffee guy. I recommend checking it out.
4	I've been pretty dissatisfied with the coffee Places here in Las Vegas since moving from California. So I decided to try Beanz it's not a Starbucks or dunkin donuts THANK GOD!!! (So over these places) Trying Beanz was a definite breath of Fresh Air for once. I got the Mocha frappe and it was delicious!!!! I will definitely be back and hope that the coffee taste the same every time :)
3	Really good coffee. I get the white mocha & am never disappointed. However, if you're in a rush, go somewhere else. I once ordered 3 medium coffees & one kids hot chocolate, and I was sitting in the drive-thru for at least 20 minutes. That is beyond ridiculous. If you've got time to spare, try this place out. If you're running late, I'd suggest going elsewhere.
3	A girlfriend and I stopped by this morning *8/13/14* to chat and check out this cafe as we heard it was good. The interior has a cool ambiance with paintings for sale on the wall, and the comfy chairs were a nice touch by the front. My chai latte was pretty foamy but tasted OK- and my friend liked her mocha drink and plain croissant - but unfortunately the service was less than stellar. The male staff member at the register did not greet us, did not smile, and spoke so low that my friend had to ask twice about how much her drink total was. I'm not sure if he was tired or maybe just a bit socially awkward, but he did not give us satisfactory customer service nor was he friendly. The ONLY reason why I am giving this place 3 stars and not 2 is because the female barista was friendly and greeted us with a big smile when she brought us our drinks. I would return in the future, but not if that male barista is serving us.
5	Damn! Just stopped by this place after being out of town for awhile and they seem to be permanently CLOSED for business. What a shame as this was one of my favorite places for coffee!
