5	Literally, about 1 (one) block from Old Scottsdale main center. Scottsdale's ONLY B&B...Very Quiet, only 4 rooms. Free parking. Lovely courtyard. The rooms are awesome, individually decorated. Get out of the chain hotels - this place is unique. Free Wi-fi, cable TV and gourmet breakfast - fantastic chef. My husband raved about the coffee - and he is a tough critic. If you arrive at dusk there are free wine and small bites to enjoy while you sit outside in the courtyard under the stars in comfy chairs or upstairs in the lounge area.  Kate is excellent concierge, tour guide, and hands down the best hostess. You relax after seeing her smile, nothing more to worry about - she is reassuring. Place is brand new...so be flexible, understanding and kind...we're definitely going back again and again....
5	This place was great!  We had the best time, and the owners were wonderful hosts and knowledgeable guides.  The pool was refreshing and courtyard was relaxing.  The rooms were beautiful, and well decorated and stocked.  The food was wonderful - fresh and delicious.We didn't have a car, everything was within walking distance.  We will definitely be back!
5	Perfect place to stay. Great place to kick back, relax and enjoy some wonderful food. I highly recommend taking a bike out for a ride too!
5	Just had an incredible weekend at the Bespoke Inn. If you like any of these, this place is for you: 1. location, within a block of all of downtown Scottsdale's great restaurants with free parking at the inn 2. design, Kate and Rob's sense of style is a mixture of complete awesomeness, 3. new and clean, they've only been open 6 months, the place is spotless 4. food, Kate and Rob are foodies, we brought six for dinner on Saturday night, 4 courses, great food, great setting in the courtyard, and great conversation with the other guests 5. bicycling, whether you are a hardcore mtn biker or road biker, or a more casual bike pather, Rob has a bike shop on premise and will hook you up. He was a racer, so is passionate about the sport and can point you in the right direction to the areas best riding. 6. tranquility, the courtyard is an amazing oasisRob and Kate and incredible hosts. They are down to earth with a touch of class. You will feel like a friend after hanging out with them a bit. The place is beautiful. We can't wait to go back with a handful of our closest friends to rent out the whole place. We will be back!
5	Amazing getaway, Kate and Rob were fantastic hosts. We were the only ones staying there which suited us as we needed a peaceful retreat. We stayed in the George & Ann room/suite, beautifully decorated and very clean. Each morning Kate or Rob prepped a breakfast that was cooked to our taste. If you book, seriously consider the whole upstairs flat, I think we would spend the extra if we go back.
1	stayed here during pool construction and had an awful experience.  was awoken each day at 6:30 am, before the city noise ordinance law btw, by LOUD construction noise from a team of workers.  i have nothing good to say about this place.  it's a motel.  a crappy, shabby motel with a great restaurant, owned and ran by someone else, attached.  they simply rent the space.  shame they don't run the inn maybe it would be better.  the room are small, the bathroom are small, the patio is the size of a large bath towel.  there is NO service whatsoever.  during my stay, the rental office was closed, i was never given the bike that was promised, and the normal beverages / snacks provided at any b&b were totally absent.  i would recommend staying the the Phoenician.  it's not a new property, but they do understand service.
