4	Fast friendly service and fresh food.  Orange chicken Is always the bomb.
3	Its cool. There was a bum.
2	I was so excited to have lunch at Panda Express, however this location is sad.  Very sad.  Normally the Panda Express experience is inviting, hip, fresh and satisfying.  This location is in dire need of some corporate attention.  The chow mien noodles are my go to and I usually have to always get the orange chicken.  The egg rolls here looked like they were from yesterday and were crusty, the won tons were not fresh and had the look of stones, as if they were morphing into Chinese throwing stars.  Gross.  I advanced to the point were I had to pay and I ordered a large drink.  I got the blackberry tea which was great, but... no splenda or sweet and lo.  Nothing at all.  I had to go back to the register and was only able to get sugar... which I did not want.  So I went without.  It was still thirst quenching.. but not ideal.  The whole drink area was a mess as was the dining area.  Even though I asked for dining in, they still packed me to go... was this a hint? or was it that they ran out of plates.  I think the latter.  I will say that the new grilled chicken breast with teriyaki was delish.  Let me state, I am not sure if it is all that new as I have not been to a Panda for some time.  I was saddened overall.  Just a terrible location.
3	Timing is what it's all about people!!  The wife and I rarely get to eat out together and decided to go to Canton Dragon via 75th ave. The entire street, from Thomas to Indian School Rd. was closed due to a head on collision that killed 2 people we found out later. Turned around and went to Panda Express armed with 2 coupons for 2 extra free entrees. We were starving by 8pm so we opted to dine in. We got lucky and hit a lull and were able to order immediately. We ordered a little of everything from chow mein and honey shrimp ($1.25 extra) to beef and broccoli to walnut chicken. We didn't expect much flavor wise and being hungry we didn't care! The a/c thermostat must have been set on 68 degrees and after waiting to pay, finding a clean table and dodging numerous unsupervised children our food was cold. Total price for this experience was just this side of $20.00 even with coupons and no drink order. This dining experience is true testament that timing is everything! Could have been much worse! Just glad to be safely home with no suspicious abdominal gurgling!
2	The 3 closest Pandas to my house have been very inconsistent, so we decided to give this location a try. It wasn't any better. The workers here do not listen. The guy in front of us was ordering in Spanish. The lady scooped in half chow mein, half fried rice. I guess that wasn't right because she scooped the fried rice back into the pan. That was still wrong because she then dumped the chow mein back into the pan and gave him all fried rice. Weird.So then I ordered. Asked for fried rice and honey sesame chicken. She scoops the fried rice onto the plate and then takes my boyfriend's order. Then she asks me what entree. Honey sesame chicken! Ugh. My boyfriend got orange chicken and teriyaki chicken so we could share everything. Then I get up to the register. I ask for 2 small drinks. The cashier asks me what size. Small! She rings me up and hands me one cup. I asked for two! So we then had to pay for the second drink... We go to fill up our drinks and there is spillage all over the drink station.Sat down to eat. The honey sesame chicken was cold. The orange chicken was barely warm. The teriyaki chicken? It was great! Delicious meat, yummy sauce. That was the winner. The fried rice was also good. At times it has been undercooked/crunchy, but they did a good job today. The Panda Passion tea is very good too. Went to get refills before we left and they had made a pathetic attempt to wipe the spill but it still wasn't clean. All in all, no reason to go out of our way to eat at this location because it's just as inconsistent as the others.
