5	I love having the Trifecta Grill close to home. Thanks Kurt for opening it up and bringing Beef on Weck to an easy few minute drive. Speaking of which, the Beef on Weck (which we we've gone to Lebowski's for a hundred times) is just as amazing as it is at the main location. The setup is a little different, more of a easy take-out place but since they've only been open two days the outlook for more and more Lebowski's food and flair is sure to come.Hey Yelpers please show them (and yourself) some love and try the Trifecta Grill before everyone else finds it and you can't get in.
5	Lebowski's Beef On Weck makes an appearance in South Charlotte/Indian Land...great roast beef and chicken fingers seem to be the winners on the menu...garlic fries and fried pickles also traveled from East Blvd to Highway 521...a tad different from East Blvd, a more "Showmars" style restaurant, order at the counter, and your meal is brought to your table...service was quick and attentive..any fan of any sandwich MUST try the Beef On Weck, one of the best dishes anywhere in town...
3	It's good but it's not 5 stars good.  It is basically a Lebowski's express in an old Donato's.  The haddock was good, but 8 ounces and a small side for $8 plus tax is steep.  I can go to another location just a few miles away and get a full pound of haddock and bigger sides with slaw included for $11.95.  They also did not include tartar sauce with either of the two orders I got.  How do you not automatically include this with fish and chips, especially this style?The employees were friendly.  I'll go back and try the beef on weck, wings, and fingers next time, but the fish and chips didn't even fill me up so I'll get continue to get that from the other place.
4	Don't judge a book by its cover. We were anticipating a bar and grill atmosphere and were stunned when we walked into what felt like a deli. A short menu hangs on the wall including burgers, wings, salads, and chicken strips. The food was excellent and the atmosphere was perfect for kids and families. While it wasn't what we expected, it was very good and our kids loved it!
4	Hey I still love the Beef on Weck but I've been here a few times now and there really isn't much here besides that sandwich, a burger, chicken fingers, and thank goodness the wings finally showed up here. Where are the Famous Lebowski Salads? A handful of greens and a protein isn't what I'm expecting from you. Wjhere's the Turkey Burger? I know you can't bring everything from the other location but you need some of the favorites. And the bag of chips a la carte with my Beef on Weck? Charge me more and put them on the side so I don't feel like it's a Wendy's or KC. I love Lebowski's, and I want to love this location too but you have to help me out a little.
2	Tried the beef tonight with "garlic" fries.  The beef really didn't have any flavor,  it was mainly just bland meat. I didn't get the Au Jus but I don't feel I should need that to enjoy the beef, which I didn't.  The "garlic fries" were not garlic,  they were just fries.  I don't know maybe they gave me sweet potato fries but even still they didn't taste like sweet potato fries.  So I don't know what the heck I got.  For $10 (combo) I would say I was very disappointed. I want to support local business but what I ordered doesn't really warrant a return.  There's a lot of great food around this area. ..better step up your game or end up like Donatos. Good luck with everything though,  I do wish the best for you so prove me wrong!
3	Could be a high two star, but it was, truly, OK.  Recently opened in the former Donati's Pizza location in the first shopping center south of the NC border.  Look for it or you will zoom right by it.Basically a limited sandwich shop with fish & chips, burgers, wings and chicken tenders.  We had the roast beef on their weck roll and it was good, but nothing to shout about...just a basic roast beef sandwich.  The weck roll had poppy seeds on it.  Au jus was extra and all you got was the sandwich.  Fries were an additional $.99.One annoying thing about ordering is that I was repeatedly asked by three different people if I wanted my order "to go" or if I would "eat in."  Once should be enough, but it further seemed that there was a division of labor: ordering, serving, busing, supervising  & preparation.  Normal food serving functions, but it reminded me of a union shop with just one person responsible for one area.They do have "combo it" so check the menu, otherwise the add-ons truly can add up:  sauces and dips, chips, au jus, sides, drinks.  Try and bundle.Beer and wine are served.Worth a shot and you might find something that you like.  We will try it again...if it is convenient to us.
3	Very limited menu, which is fine. Wife got the fish & chips she said it was ok but a little bland. I went with the Beef On Weck, which I thought tasted great no complaints on that at all. We will have to go back to try the wings and looks like they are starting to serve beer and wine this week!
3	The overpriced haddock is gone and is now 'North Atlantic whitefish."  Cheaper, lower quality ingredient at the same price.Hardee's and Wendy's at least serve cod and for a better price.  I won't be surprised to see the business decline after this attempt to cheap out on the customers.
3	Apparently, they brought the haddock back, but I am sure they lost some customers in the process.  I had the beef on weck and it was very good - just like at Lebowski's.  The employees working the front are very nice and friendly.There are still some kinks to work out though.  I agree with one of the other reviews - charge more and include a side for the sandwiches.  Also, 50 cents for au jus is just crazy when your prices are already on the high side.  One final thing: everyone working the front of house was wearing a baseball cap but none one of the three people working in the kitchen were wearing a hair restraint of any type, and all lose hair on anyone preparing food is to be covered per the SC Health Department.
1	I don't understand the good reviews for this place. Is it because the food is cheap? I went with a friend a few weeks ago and ordered chicken fingers. I didn't even finish half of my meal. I would have been happier going to McDonald's and ordering McNuggets. That's not a reflection on my taste... It's a reflection of the quality here. I thought it tasted like something from the frozen food aisle at the grocery store. Not impressed.
4	Love, love, love the Beef on Weck!  The wings are nice and crispy--just the way we like them.  The only thing I would make a suggestion about is including a side of chips with the sandwiches and you can purchase fries.  The sandwich alone is a little on the expensive side.  Great having a little taste of WNY so close to home!
5	My first love affair with the Beef on Weck took place at Lebowski's nearly 3 years ago. I take sandwiches very seriously, and this my friends, is a seriously good sandwich. Recently got the Beef on Weck at Trifecta, and it's just as delicious as it is over at Lebowski's. Also tried the buffalo wings for the first time and they were top notch: hot, fresh, and very tasty.
1	This is not a restaurant that I will ever come back to. The food was poorly made, not a representation of the images on the menu. I spent the early portion of my morning and day attending to a very upset stomach after a few bites!
4	I am bumping this up to 4 stars based on the burgers.  I had one for the first time the other day and it was awesome.  I went back last night and it was just as good.  For the price and the quality, I will probably get these more than the beef on weck now.
5	This place is awesome! Excellent wings, Beef on Weck, fish and chicken fingers! Haven't had the burger yet but I'm sure it's great as well. You really have to try the Beef on Weck - it's amazing. Don't question it, just order and enjoy! Excellent food, fast service and friendly people! Seriously, what more are you looking for?
4	I had the fish and garlic fries I did enjoy both of them the fish is seasoned nice and is a pretty nice version of some fried fish. We had the wings (garlic parm) and I really liked the way that they cook the wing perfect crispy but not dry .. The place its self is kinda small we got there right at noon and beat the rush ...
4	I've tried Trifecta twice. Had Fish-n-chips once, and roast beef on the Weck roll today. Both good! Great lunch spot on a busy day. WiFi available. TV's...Black-Jack rice is good (you add the seasoning). Very friendly service. Moderately priced.Recommended.
4	Closed due to unforeseen circumstances.  I think there is just not enough foot traffic at this location to make a restaurant successful.
2	I've tried Trifecta twice as the first time I was very disappointed.  Portions were small, food was cold, menu hard to figure out even though it had a small selection.  For the price of what you get, it's not that great.
