4	Fairly new and close to my home.  Groupon had a deal for them a while back so I purchased it.  Today I finally visited and was very impressed.  The staff is polite, quick and courteous.  They have various options, but all of them start with a drive through car wash.  From there you can either do the self serve interior cleaning or a full serve interior cleaning.  One of the best things about this place is that while waiting, you are not mauled by attendants trying to upsell you on every other service.  This was heaven for me because I hate being mauled.  My Grendel (yeah, I named my truck!) looks and smells fantastic!I'll definitely continue using this car wash, even when the Groupon runs out.
4	I love this place. The staff is really nice and the car washes are very affordable. During monsoon season where it rains almost every day for a month this place is perfect. I've never been pressured to upgrade to anything here. You can go through the drive through yourself or do the full service car wash. They always have some kind of special going on.
3	Good car wash and, it's true, no one tries to up-sell you. But, I am not a fan of having to drive through myself... plus, it felt like the world's longest car wash! My car is clean and the price is right. I'll be back and -- who knows -- I may grow to love the place!
4	Car Wash...monsoon...Car wash again...The exterior wash is decent.  I have the  unlimited washes which is useful during monsoon season.  Only $10/month.  There was even one day I went twice because of the monsoon.  Good vacuums and area is clean.  Not quite as busy with overpriced stuff to sell while you wait in lobby, but there is a lot of room for potential.  For hand drying, I once took my truck and service was okay.  But since it is close to home and there isn't a lot of wait and no one selling you windshield repair, this is a solid 4 stars.  Suggestions for the management. Wifi while you wait wouldn't be a bad idea.  Also family pack or unlimited washes for family's with more than one car would also be nice.
1	"Missing Owner as well as Missing Soap"  If you don't know, "The Carwasher" is under new ownership and they are called "Qwik and Clean."  However since the previous owner had his business taken away by the bank as the bank was running the business, things have not been the same.  Please see my previous 4 star review, but since new ownership has taken over, I guess soap the crucial main ingredient for a car wash was missing also.   Since I've washed my car, it has not been as clean and it seems like only water is being sprayed without any soap.  I've had my car washed 3 times since new ownership and it was because I had bought a card for 10 carwashes for $25.  However I still had 5 left. I just found out today according to new ownership, they do not honor it.  Wow!  Without any warning.  The guy working there said they are no longer "The Carwasher" because they are "Qwik and Clean."  Despite the big sign outside stating "The Carwasher" and their receipt stating "The Carwasher" we are supposed to automatically know they are "Qwik and Clean?"
4	This location is now called "Quick n Clean" which I know plenty of you here in the valley are familiar with. This location has went through several ownership changes over the last 3 years....but it appears this one may be here for awhile. They have totally remodeled the place and they are also currently hiring. They have taken out the wall with the glass that looked like it had a bullet hole in it....LOL. They have replaced that with a garage like door and built a patio space outdoors for you to wait for your car to be detailed. The indoor area is a little smaller now....but they have some very nice "high" tables and chairs if you choose to stay out of the heat. The car wash deals are still pretty good....3 bucks for a simple soap and rinse.....and then 8 bucks more for full service. The full service packages go up to about 15 bucks and right now they are having a 14.99 special that also includes a hot wax. The place is very nice and looks very professional......the staff is awesome.....and for the most part I think this is a very good place to go get your car or truck detailed. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
1	My trim off  2 of my windows flew off in the car wash. This matter is still going on and its been almost 2 months. Matt said he would order them at wholesale cost and its been 3 weeks and still hasn't.  This car wash is not accredited through the bbb. I would go elsewhere.
1	I got the $7 car wash a couple of times because, the first time, they said they'd brush the dead insects off of the front of the car. They did, the first time. So, I just went back and ordered the same thing, but no one lifted a finger to get the bugs. I tried signaling the employee, but he just looked at me and walked off. Most of these $3 car wash places will give you a little towel with some solution on it to wipe off the dash. These guys give you a towel, but it's bone dry. What's that going to do?Every time I go there, the employees never smile or even attempt any kind of customer service. I guess they need to go smoke another bowl. This place has permanently lost my business.
3	Quick and efficient. I opted for the $7 wash and got exactly what I paid for. I was given the choice of a free air freshener or chamois when I paid. Chose the chamois but haven't used it yet. There are a large amount of vacuums to choose from after the wash. I skipped them this time but noticed there were many openings so it would have been able to get right it.
1	DO NOT GO HERE. The people are inconsistent and extremely rude! Especially the younger blond. She asked me to move my car 30 seconds after I finished washing my car so others can use the vacuums only because they decided to take away more than half the vacuums to save money but causing customers to take more time cleaning with one vacuum. I tried to tell her I just finished and she jumped on my case saying she wasn't going to waste time arguing with me and to talk to the owner as she is the manager. Sometimes they do clean the front of the cars, sometimes they don't, mind you I always get the second to least expensive wash. The employees their never smile either. The time before last I got a wax and my car was NOT clean at all, when I addressed them and they made such a big deal about it and gave my a horrible look. Late last year I remember two employees fighting and screaming and one just ended up quitting. They obviously have horrible  management and terrible business practices!Obviously I will NOT be returning but I wanted to warn others and for those wondering why I kept coming back, I live two minutes away and they kept promising improvements (I should know better this place is only 3-4 years old, what physical things need to be improved). Any how don't come here, they don't appreciate anyone's business.
