2	I feel like Rachel Ray's evil twin when I talk about this place.  Yuck-O!This is located by a bunch of office buildings in the industrial part of the city, so I know who they're catering to.  It's quick, it's easy, and I have a feeling that a lot of burly guys workin' fork lifts all day don't have the most delicate of palates.However, I worked by here for a while and while I did sometimes I got stuck at my desk through lunch hour.  Munch a Sub (we ended up calling it Punch a Pud) was my only hope. The bread was always ALWAYS soggy.  Their meat tasted like processed food stuffs instead of actual meat.  Veggies were limp, sauces were wrong, things were forgotten.  Munch A Sub should only be utilized in dire episodes of near starvation.
5	All's I can say is TONY'S BACK!  for those of you that were a part of the Tony era a couple of years ago, you know what that means.  the rest of you need to go and experience what a sub shop should be like for yourself.  The meat and cheeses are fresh (not brownish) and the bread is always fresh never soggy.  Portions sizes a very large so you timid eaters might want to try the 6" subs at first. Crystal, give them another chance, if you are still out there, you won't be disapointed.
4	the food is pretty good and fresh and delivery is always quick. I just wish they had more breakfast menu items.
5	I own a business around the corner from munch a sub and we call them atleast twice a week.  Contrary to past comments, ALL of our subs are always fresh and the bread is the best.  Your subs anywhere really suck if they sit and get old, so order when you get there and enjoy!  A dollar debit fee is hardly worth complaining about...a great mom and pop subshop...
4	Great subs, great service, great value.  The whole family enjoyed the place.  If I lived in Vegas I would eat there more often.
4	Little mom & pop shop in an industrial part of town. They're very liberal with their meats which you can't beat in my opinion. Pretty much the reason I never go to Subway because I feel like I get jipped with only two turkey slices on my sandwhich, but I digress. I got the chicken salad on a sub roll. Delicious chicken salad. Literally THE BEST chicken salad I have had in my life. The bread wasn't that great, but I'm partial to wheat. It was also soggy, but I waited a good 20 minutes to eat it. Next time I'm definitely just gonna grab a seat and eat there to avoid the soggy bread. I'm telling you though I grabbed a fork and just ate the chicken salad right off the bread. It's a little pricier than your standard sub chain, but keep in mind their gonna give you a heaping helping of meat. You can tell that the owners really care about their business and customers too. Very polite speedy service. If you're looking for a $5 foot long this isn't your place, but if you want to support local business and get a yummy lunch look no further!
4	Munch A Sub is not just a sub shop anymore! Munch A Sub has breakfast as well. I work in the area and had gone into Munch A Sub a couple years back for lunch. The sandwich I had then was good, and the guy working was really nice... But Vegas is a city with many options for lunch, so I didn't go back for a while... Actually, I kind of forgot it even existed... Some of my coworkers started getting lunch delivered by Munch A Sub, and they left a menu in the break area. I noticed that the selection of food offered had dramatically increased since I had eaten there, so I saved the menu...From time to time my boss likes to treat his staff with breakfast, and therefore we are always on the lookout for a new place to try. I remembered Munch A Sub had expanded their menu so we decided to get breakfast sandwiches from them. The sandwiches come on either an english muffin or a croissant (higher price for the later), choice of breakfast meat, and cheese. Damn these are some good breakfast sandwiches! I split one with a coworker because the croissants are on the large size, and I am trying to watch my figure. It was still plenty of food for both of us... And according to my boss, it's the best breakfast sandwich he has ever had! If you are in the area and want to support a local business, give Munch A Sub a try!
4	Meat subs are great. Veggie subs or salads not so much. :(
5	Munch-A-Sub is the best sandwich shop I have tried in Las Vegas, hands down! I first heard about this place from some co-workers who absolutely raved about it. They had their sandwiches at some training they were at and couldn't quite remember the name. when I finally figured out the name I was totally stoked because it turns out Munch-A-Sub is right on the way to work. Sadly though, they close at 4PM and I get off work at 4PM.So I got off early one day and stopped by and picked up a 12" roast beef sub with all the fixin's. YEE HAA DADDY! The roast beef was that perfect rosy red medium rare with tons of yummy beefy flavor goodness.Yesterday I got off early again and took the wife. We shared a 12" corned beef with cheese and sauerkraut, ruebenish as they called it, that was a hit for both my wife and I. And she's a very picky sandwich eater. Meaning that she is picky about her sandwiches, not that she will only eat picky sandwiches.The 12" subs are run around $10, but are worth every penny of that. They are easily twice the sandwich on multiple levels than those of a national sandwich chain that shall remain nameless.I can't fail to mention the owner and staff; wonderful! Welcoming, gracious, appreciative and helpful. We will be going back as often as timing allows
5	To quote others..., Munch-A-Sub IS the best sandwich place in town.Their motto is "the best kept secret in town" and I understand why. They're located in a convenient but out-a-the-way small business district that you could drive by for years without noticing. They're also only open for the local business crowd but believe me, it's worth searching them out.  They are the antithesis of the crappy corporate sandwich chains. Yes... Some chains bake their own bread, but not like this. This is real home made bread. It has flavor, it had body, it has a great chewy crust. These people know what a great sandwich should consist of. They do all the usuals, only better than you've ever had em before, and they do others like Italian sausage or meat ball mix, and the best meatloaf sandwich that equals my own mothers. They make a calzone that's pretty incredible. Their French dip with au jus.... Heck, they're all good.You can not make the best sandwich with ordinary ingredients or ordinary bread. These people have it down.... No wonder they want to keep it a secret. Best of all, no chain environment. These are people you can talk to. Not assembly line sandwich zombies.
5	There's no way I would've found this place without yelp.  Listen to the other reviewers.  This is in the middle of nowhere surrounded by businesses you don't typically go to, but the sandwiches are really really good.  A tad bit expensive, but worth it in my opinion.  My favorite is the 4b (I get the large, so it's $10 instead of $9.25 for a regular with a drink).  It's a meatball sub with marinara and bacon.  I also got a breakfast burrito here once (their salsa was great in it), and I couldn't eat the rest of the day.  One warning: there is a $1 surcharge for credit/debit cards.
4	Munch a Sub makes me want to munch on a sub.What I am honestly a fan of is their breakfast menu. They offer good food at reasonable rates. The English muffin sausage with cheese is huge and the sausage is King of that meal. Whether you want to walk in or have delivery this place is a must. It is good, fresh and tasty food.You can't go wrong with their roast beef sandwich, one of my favorites. You can't go wrong with any of their sandwiches. They have like 30 options to chose from when it comes to their lunch menu.Want something local with a lots of flavor? Then this is must do for you.
5	Reminds me of delis back east
3	Expensive, but good, mostly. I was really bummed that they used canned mushrooms on my sandwich, really ruined it for me. The wife liked the CA croissant sandwich she had and the kids enjoyed their roast beef but I think it was overpriced and the canned mushrooms killed it.
4	Great staff and good food at a great price. And I mean great price. The beat is that there is hardly anywhere else to eat, and the staff, they are so awesome.
5	Great Subs, quality meats, awesome bread. HUGE portions. Great place for a sub.
5	I was waiting for my husband to get tattooed and this happened to be next door. The service was awesome, the food came out quick, and it was really tasty! I would go again!
5	Total hole-in-the-wall that happens to have the best subs in town. Seriously. If you are accustomed to East coast style subs that are filled with quality ingredients on great bread... This is your place. Where the other sub shops (looking at you Capri...) have a lot of bread and not much inside... This place piles it on. My favorite by far is the Roast Beef #29. Their marinated mushrooms they put on it are unbelievable. Really cool family ownership. Just wish I didn't have to drive in the middle of an industrial park I don't work in to get it.
4	Good place. Had an Italian #19. As I was trying to figure out what to order I realized several repeat customers were there. I knew this because of the conversations they were having. Staff was very friendly. Order was quick. So why there instead of any other sub joint?  The Bread!!  Anyone can make a sandwich but the bread was amazing. The only thing keeping me from giving a five is the price. $8-9 for 6 inch and $9.50+ for 12 inch.
4	Hidden little gem of a sandwich place! One of my favorite "locals" sub shop!The staff is super sweet! Sandwiches are big and delish! You can't go wrong here!
3	Found this place on Yelp. It filled me up but not w anything memorable. Chili was decent but very salty. Salad was ok. Was expensive for what I got. Friendly service. Near work so may be back if in a pinch. Seems to be there are many who rate mainly on quantity.
5	Awesome, huge subs! Good, soft rolls and quality meat. Had a #19 Italian combo. Fast and friendly. A hidden gem!
5	I cannot say enough about how much I love this place! First of all, the service is fantastic. These ladies are always friendly and accommodating. It's nice to see a familiar smiling face at lunch. Secondly, the food is delicious - and you get A LOT of it. I can never eat an entire sandwich for lunch, so I always have some to take home for dinner. Crab salad sandwich and the #19 (ham, salami, and capicola) are my favorites. For a few extra dollars, you can make it a combo with chips and a drink. While others may give you small sides, this place does not skip out. Large bag of chips and a huge drink. Definitely the most bang for your buck. I remain a devoted sandwich follower of this place!
2	Food is fresh.I'd compare it to Jimmy Johns but way more pricier.I paid 15$ for a California sandwich,water bottle & bag of chips.Not worth the prices if you ask me.Seems like organic prices
