4	You have to love the convenience of a healthy food store right near the mall.  In the PV area, everyone goes to this mall and/or the many stores that satellite around it.  So it's always convenient to go.  And the idea of healthy convenient food - that costs a ton less than Pretentious Healthy Food-Mart down the street (...Cough - Whole Foods - Cough...)Super produce selection.  Great selection of vitamins and supplements (though I'm still a Trader Joe's girl for these things).  They also have a nice selection of alt-diet foods.  I've seen South Beach stuff here and they have just about the full Atkins line of products.  Not bad at all.  And as expensive as those products can be, they aren't too bad here.  But in the end - it's pretty hard to beat this location.  Suburban enough to have a laid back feel, but in the middle of a big shopping area so they have a great selection.  Oh yea, and my brother worked there years ago.  And we both still shop there.  And isn't that always a good sign?
4	oh the bulk bins.... I love the bulk pins but I hate them all at the same time.  I love that it is so cheap and tasty but I hate that all it takes is one quick cough or sneeze and you can take home Lucy Lu Lu's cold.  iick-- okay, I won't focus on that.  This particular Spouts got an entire face lift on the outside so it is looking really great.The prices are hard to beat and the employees all seem helpful and nice.Sprouts is what I call "alternative" shopping.  It's not the main-steam store but it should be, just need to get more into the habit of stopping by here.  It's just easier sometimes to go the big grocers b/c I know they will always have what I am looking for and a larger selection.  But in the big scheme of things, Sprouts has everything you need- just need to get past the whole "variety" thing.  The prepared foods are a good price too and tasty.  I've tried different entrees and was pleased by all of them.The bath and body section make me feel euphoric just by walking thru the isle, like I was so natural or something.
3	Can I say something that needs to be said, and I know I'll get grief for saying it? ....((counts backwards from 10)).... *breathes*  SPROUTS IS NOT #!@#'ing COSTCO, PEOPLE! Every #!@#'ing time I'm in there, people have their shopping carts stockpiled to the ceiling with stuff from every corner of the store. More stuff than you'd regularly buy at a 'regular' supermarket. Why? I'm pretty sure it will all still be there when you come back. Any time I'm in there to buy just one or two items...yes, just one or two items (so sue me), I have to wait for what seems like eternity for all the stockpiles to get unloaded from the shopping carts. I could drive to Sedona, do the vortex thing, drive back, and the line still wouldn't move. The traffic on I-17 moves faster. The blood flow in Rush Limbaugh's arteries moves faster. And, then, thanks to you impulse shoppers stockpiling every thing in sight like it's Black Friday at Wal-Mart, when I finally get to the checkout, the clerk is so bloomin' exhausted, they're all rude. I've never had a friendly checkout experience at Sprouts. I'm sure if I went there first thing in the moring, I'd get a smile and some good customer service, but now, it's not very bloody likely. So, remember: Stockpile your stuff at Costco. Not Sprouts. The customers behind you thank you. You don't run into this 'slower-than-a-snail' customer-clogging at Trader Joe's or A.J.'s, yet, it seems to mar my Sprouts experience every time I'm in there.  This would have, could have, should have been a 5-star review, but thanks to every who just *has* to buy up everything on every shelf and slowing things down considerably for everyone else, it's only a 3-star review. I just dread going to Sprouts lately.
4	I love Sprouts, I can walk here from my house. It's a great place to pick up some tasty vegetables or fresh meat. The produce here is really fantastic. It's also reasonably priced. (Yay!) And I can find healthy foods and berry smoothies here that I can't find anywhere else. (I'm on a berry fixation at the moment). Speaking of which, I dropped an box of Blackberries on the floor the other day and felt really terrible, but they staff assured me that it wasn't a big deal and to just grab another batch. This was pretty cool, I know at Whole Foods they'd make me pay for it. Other than that, my only qualm is the outrageous prices they charge for vitamins and supplements. Go to Hi-Health just two stores down, much better deals. Overall, Sprouts is a great alternative to what used to be here waaaay back when....Sun Foods. :S
5	My review is on the Sprouts Sandwich Counter only.I don't shop here or at any of the locations at this point because none are in walking distance of home. But I was in with a friend and we grabbed SANDWICHES at the counter. They were made to order and they were good!  They were so fresh too! I had the Chicken salad on Multi-grain bread. Yummy, can't wait to stop in again for one.  And the full sandwich was $2.99 ( w/o cheese). Maybe I will shop here after all from time to time.
4	I AM STUFFED! And I only had to spend $3! Just finished a great overstuffed sandwich from Sprouts. And that's the first good thing to report about my latest visit. I was there to pick up some red meat as they are having a sale on beef (40%off). Beef selection was decent enough and I picked up a flank steak for less than $5/lb. But I was quickly reminded why I love Sprouts so much as I was immediately drawn to the neighboring the deli section. Sprouts carries a lot of unique items, things I readily find in Ohio, where I am from, but have to search for here, like Batampte and Bubbies pickles. They also carry some hard-to-find East Coast favorites like Sabrett's hot dogs and stuffed Quahogs.  Living in AZ, it's not as easy to take a weekend trip to NYC or Massachusetts, so it's nice to know these items are at my disposal all the way out here. As far as pricing goes, I think they are relatively competitive. You'd be hard pressed to find a sandwich of that size and quality for less than $2.99 in that area.
5	Locally owned, great selection, clean and shiny, what's not to love?  It's cheap, they have lovely ladies for me to check out while I check out, and you should all start shopping there immediately.
5	Best place to buy fruit in the Valley of the Sun.  As a former Silicon Valley babette, I can tell produce from produce.  San Jose down to Gilroy has the best fresh produce anywhere to be found.  Sprouts comes in a natural second.  Always great prices, always fresh product.  Everything they offer here is top notch and delicious.  Service is good, and this store is conveniently located across from Paradise Valley Mall.  Easy access for disabled patrons.
5	I would never have ended up in this place if not for my foodie wife.  But now I've been there more times then I can count.  At first I was a little wary of the different format (bins all over the place, only short aisles on the side), but now I'm used to it.  If you can time when it is not busy then you'll love the place.  Otherwise it gets pretty hectic sometimes.  I haven't figured out the timing myself, so good luck with that.The best produce we've found in the valley.  It is where I discovered spaghetti squash (you just have to cut it in half and microwave it, so easy).  The selection is very wide for fruits and vegies.  You get a small discount for bringing your own bags.  Just enough beer selection to make me happy, but it tends to be expensive stuff. I just get whatever is on sale.  Very wide selection of coffee as well.  Oh, and the "simply orange" orange juice seems to always be on sale there.  It is what I prefer anyways so that works out.It is where we do all of our serious grocery shopping, we only do fresh & easy sometimes because it is closer.
5	5 stars for consistently friendly service, excellent inventory and product selection.  It's easy to park, always a cart on the ready when I go.  The big draw for me is their food selection.  I cook a lot and prefer using fresh, close to nature ingredients when possible.   The meat selection is great, and it looks (and smells) very fresh.  The employees in the butcher/deli area are helpful, patient and friendly. Their selection of bulk items in the bins is amazing, and they have awesome produce sales. I can get my Shirataki noodles there, Kefir, and my oddball teas.  When they have good sales, I stock up on items such as organic boxed broths, Tasty Bite Indian entrees, canned tomatoes, etc.  Watch the ads for screaming deals.Checkout can be busy, but they work hard to open as  many lines as possible and the employees are stellar!  They are friendly and fast, and I can honestly say I have never left there aggravated with the experience.  And that's something I can't say about many grocery excursions.
4	Great organic fruits and veggies....very clean store...great customer service....fantastic deli dept....fresh fruits and veggies (non-organic)....and outstanding deals every week. I know some people say it is overpriced a bit and that is true to an extent....but the sales ad that comes every week is a must see and you will always find plenty of affordable items. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!
4	Sprouts is my go to place for fresh fruit and veggies, they are a good middle store between Trader Joe's and Whole Foods as Sprouts is similar to both of them.  The produce is priced cheaper at Sprouts than most grocery stores and I see the same guys working in the produce most times when I shop there and they are very nice if you are unsure about produce they offer to cut it for you to taste. Like Phyllis K. said they have a good bulk bin selection and the product is fresh,  nice meat department and awesome vitamins, creams and supplement choices.
4	I have started to go out of my way to shop here. The produce is consistently some of the best around, the deli meats are quality, and the meat case is inspiring. I bought a pack of pork spare ribs the other day and decided to try my first barbeque with my new grill - wood chips, smoke and all. See what I mean?  So good!
4	Great prices on fruits and veggies...good coffee..decent sandwiches..would be better if they put more meat and charged you a extra dollar or so..because IT FEELS LIKE YOU ARE EATING JUST BREAD!  The toppings are very fresh though!
5	Very nice location with really nice employees and very good, fresh produce.  You can't beat the weekly deals and the gluten free selection is quite wonderful.  I can shop gluten free and vegetarian for my daughter with ease here.
4	I love shopping here! For the most part, the produce is wonderful and fresh. My only complaint in that area is the berries...sometimes they can be a bit moldy, but the last few times a fresh batch of strawberries or blueberries has been brought in, they've been wonderful. We love buying our meat here, especially the chicken sausages and tenders (when they are on sale). We also get our lunch meat here as it is much better than the stuff in a container, and cheaper than the stuff at the deli counter at a regular store. Oh, and the bulk section is amazing!
5	My husband and I were in the area yesterday having lunch and stopped here on our way back home. Most people don't enjoy grocery shopping, but I enjoyed shopping here. We live within 5 blocks of Sunflower Market and do 99% of our shopping there, I didn't think there would be a huge difference between the 2 stores, but I was wrong. The produce at Sprouts is fantastic. I bought oranges that were the size of grapefruits and grapefruits that were the size of melons. You get more bang for your buck at Sprouts without spending more money.Whenever we are in the area again we will certainly return, I look forward to my next visit:)
3	Pros: The store is a great place to get your groceries and reasonably priced organic produce. The cashiers in the front are always great and friendly.Cons: The sandwich deli employes have to be the slowest and rudest employes I've seen by far. I know what you get with a $3 sandwich, but there is no reason to be so rude and have me waiting 30 minutes for a single vegetarian sandwich with only 1 person ahead of me. By the time I got to work my break was over and they had given me the wrong sandwich, a double meat sandwich (I'm a vegetarian). It has happened more than once and every time it gets worse. In the past I've been told they are closed at 7, even considering it says they close at 10.
4	This past Sunday we had a FUNdraiser for a non-profit which helps bring holistic practitioners to do service globally.  Sprouts donated the beverages for the event called 108 Sun Salutations Challenge.  We are so grateful for the generous donation and support of the mission of Seva Centers and it commencement event!
5	I am very excited I live up the street from this place.What I look for are fresh veggies and fresh meat which this place has. Was clean, friendly staff and have no complaints. Highly recommend the rotisserie chicken by the way! Probably the best one I have every  had.
5	I FREAKEN LOVE SPROUTS!!! I AM A HUGE VEGGGIE AND FRUIT'S LOVER and Sprouts is the spot to go!! It always offers fresh produce and great service!! Also I can't help myself to mention that they offer Scrumptious and simply delicious sandwiches at their deli made to order for just $2.99 each, what a bargain for a super fresh deal!!!! YUMMY and Bon Appetit!!!
4	Sprouts is like the love child of Whole Foods and Trader Joe's. It offers more of the all-around grocery store like Whole Foods, but offers prices similar to Trader Joe's, and exhibits the healthy, all-natural, organic products that both Whole Foods and Trader Joe's capitalize on.Sprouts has recently become my primary grocery store mainly because of the produce section. The fruits, veggies, and herbs Sprouts offers are always fresh, in great shape, and usually cost less than other stores. I'm also in love with the quinoa with dried cranberries their deli has ready for me (well, anyone).  Sprouts also has a meat counter with seafood and a lovely bulk selection.Bottom line: cheaper than Whole Foods, more selection than Trader Joe's.
4	I really like the produce and meat at this store.   All the team members are very friendly and helpful.
5	We pretty much only shop here. When there are any issues with food, they try to resolve it. They have a pretty good selection, and the prices are great.We LOVE Sprouts!
5	I LOVE this Location! Better than some of the others around town. We have been coming here since they opened and it is the main place we shop at for food. The store has come a long way and keeps getting better. They just finished the remodel and it looks Great.Fantastic Produce, Meats, Fish, Seafood, Bulk items and an amazing Vitamin selection for a great value. They have both conventional and grass fed beef in the case as well as exotic game in the freezer section right in front of the butcher case. No fillers or weird stuff injected into any of the the meats like some of the bigger chain stores. Sausage made in house and very tasty. Bulk items are always fresh. You can get just the right amount you need. I cannot resist getting some of the Dark Chocolate items when I deserve a treat.I'm a vitamin freak and love the selection. If you spend $100 or more you get 10% right off the top and every few months they run a special called Vitamin Extravaganza where the whole department in 25% off everything before the 10% discount. What a deal and I feel GREAT!Store is always clean and the service is spectacular. Wednesday is Double Ad Day where the weekly specials crossover. It can get pretty crowded. Conveniently located in the same parking lot as In & Out. See you there next time!
2	This maybe one of the worse stores in the valley. Poor attitudes among the staff, they just act like they dont want to be there. Along with bad attitudes comes with the staffs sporting very poor tattoos! You know the ones, the losers in the front of the store chain smoking.Please enjoy standing at the deli or meat counter with one person working and 4 watching and not helping as 10 customers are waiting. The chickens are very good, stew bones great, Veggies are picked over fast with the help in noway in a hurry to re stock. Fish, all frozen nothing fresh.Breads are a poor choice, I usually go to Bread Crafters a 1/2 block away. Candy section is good.I live a few blocks away but maybe its time to take the drive to Whole foods, same up tight, snobbish California customer base but a much better selection of products
5	Great place to get fresh stuff.  I love that they have nitrite free bacon, hot dogs, and lunch meat.  I also love the selection of supplements.   The staff really know their supplements too.  I recommend Sprouts to my patients for their vitamins.  The employees are very knowledgeable about their vitamins and supplements.  They always have some beers on so pretty good prices too.  That's a very good selections of meats including turkey, chicken, beef and even lamb.  I also love the selection of fish and sausages in the cold case.  Sprouts is also one of the only places where I know you can buy coconut creamer for your coffee.
5	I love going grocery shopping here. The people there are so nice and always helpful. If you want to buy organic produce and receive great smiles while doing it this is the place to go.
4	I'm a regular Wednesday Sprout shopper and you just can't beat the prices and quality of stuff you get for the price anywhere (unless at an actual Farmer's Market but I don't wake up that early for anything). The shelves are always stocked and great selection for both regular and restricted diet options (I'm GF and the bf is not). Parking is atrocious and its an accident waiting to happen.  The store is older and always under construction and the staff definitely sometimes seems a bit snippy with all the people pulling them in 100 different directions, but I would be too.  The parking and construction is really my biggest hang up as it just makes it very inconvenient when crowded.
5	Simple: Fresh, organic fruits and veggies at a fair price. They have great selection of grains and seeds, and it's super cheap to buy chia seeds and the like by the pound. I do most of my shopping here, and also love stopping for a kombucha and $3 sandwich when I want a cheap lunch. So much love for Sprouts.
5	I just visited sprouts for the first time yesterday and I LOVED it! Everything is so fresh, very clean and organize. Beautiful store, I WILL be back!!!!
5	I had to upgrade Sprouts today to 5 star status because the customer service.....unlike other stores I visit......has continued to get better year after year. The wife and I were at the store today and with the Temps outside at an eye popping 112 degrees we wanted to make sure to keep our groceries cold as we traveled home. Well as we were checking out the young lady ask if we wanted a bag of ice to put in our cooler bag. I was like WAIT honey and my wife was like it's okay they have little bags of ice that they give you for free to keep you food cold. The young lady put the little bag of ice in our cooler bag and  I was totally floored. I told my wife soon as I got home I was updating my review.....congrats sprouts and keep up the good work.
4	Sharon the cashier that waited on us was fantastic.
4	This place is crazy busy this morning when I visited.  I was only there to purchase their gift card as there's a sign on the window when I walked in.  I usually shop there at least once a week for their fresh produces and some booze to go with it.  Their cashiers are friendly and knowledgeable and can answer your questions right away.  Definitely coming back again for their great service and great location just across the streets from Paradise Valley Mall.
5	woohoo. I love sprouts. It has almost everything and it's the perfect size because it's not overwhelmingly large. Also everyone is in a good mood... The customers, the employees, everyone. I'm always asked if I need help and the ppl that work in the soap and supplement area really know what they are talking about it seems. I just like this store. Alot.
5	Since moving to the Valley  this Sprouts has become my go to grocery store and I live very close to several other major grocery stores. I am never disappointed with the quality of their produce. I am very happy with the mini revovations that were done recently, the store looks Personable staff and great savings keep me coming back.
5	You want fresh? You want healthy? You want great sales?!  THIS is the place!  After being ripped off by the chain grocery stores, and getting inferior products, I now buy ALL my meat and fruits veggies etc. at my local Sprouts. GREAT staff, exceptional food and terrific sales; I am a FAN FOR LIFE. Thanks, Sprouts, for redefining healthy eating AND top of the line products.
5	I don't think I can ever buy produce anywhere else.  Sprouts always hands down has the best and freshest selection in town.  They also have an amazing selection of nuts, rice, party mix, and all sorts of goodies you pay by the pound.  You also can't beat their butcher block either.  The selection of sausages and pre made and stuffed chicken breasts is always a great option for dinner and the prices are always really competitive.
4	They have really good cheap sandwiches for lunch
5	Love this Sprouts! It is always clean and the employees are always very helpful. One of the things I noticed is that sometimes the fruits and vegetables are mixed up between made in the USA or made in Mexico so you have to kinda dig around for the difference in the same bin. The best part of Sprouts is the produce, the prices are cheaper and they last at least a week longer than anywhere else you buy produce (except a real farmers market). Also if you bring your own bags they give you $0.05 off of your bill for every bag that you bring in. =)
4	I mainly come to Sprouts for the reasonably priced bulk nuts and fruits. The nut bins are well stocked. The fruit and veggies as enticingly presented.  In the event that I'm in the mood to cook (which isn't often), I will stop by to pick up a stuffed chicken breast, sausage links, or gumbo shrimp from the meat department. There are an assortment of prepared meats (beef patties, tenderloins, scallops, etc.) to choose from that will help speed of the cooking process. Cold, prepared dinners (which I've been tempted to try) are also available.  I stopped by one day to pick up meat. There was no attendant present at the counter.  A manager walked up and asked if I had been helped. I stated the obvious.  He went behind the counter, through the doors of the meat department and bada-boom bada-bang, a young, attentive man was available to assist me. Checkout is fast and the cashiers are always so pleasant.
5	We buy most of our groceries here. They have fresh produce, awesome bulk foods, good meat choices, and a nice beer selection. Above all, they have great prices and awesome sales! Our 20 month old son loves going here too.
5	Can't beat the fresh produce. I won't buy anywhere else but the Farmers Market on Saturday. The staff in the deli always get it right w/ the $2.99 sandwich of the day. Sadly, no more sprouts thanks to ecoli. When in doubt about supplements ~ look no further. I've learned so much about compounds and soluble... Whoa! If in need of Magnesium/Calcium~ try the Gluten Free Country Life Blueberry flavored. I mix it with Dole shakers and coconut water~ YUM! Bruise easily? Arnica Montana~ works like a charm! I'm not sure how Corporate Recruits such top talent but, they are doing a good job!
5	Great store. I'm here probably 2-3 times a week. I never have to wait more than just a minute to get checked out even on Double Ad Wednesdays. I'd like a little more variety in the pre-made meals and meat section especially the house-made sausages but it's not bad. The produce section is usually a bit insane but at least we're all eating our fruits and veggies!
3	I mostly love this store. The veggies are great, the organic product selection is large.I have a problem with the bulk bins. They should come out of a spout. Reaching in is not sanitary. Especially since I've caught my own three year old child reaching in to touch food. I've also had issues with the sea food counter. They have butchered my fish on two separate occasions attempting to take off the skin.Lately, twice (in two weeks) we picked items up because they were on sale. Got home and noticed that the sale price wasn't reflected on the receipt. When we called the store we were told that sometimes the computer makes mistakes. So now every time I shop there I have to check my receipt at the end before driving off. Very annoying and tedious.
2	I like Sprouts.  Good variety, decent prices.  Two stars because the cash register clerks are so busy with chatting with each other, they lack good customer service skills.  Multiple times I've been there and it's always the same case!  Went there today and they packed my rawest with fresh veggies!!!  Gross and a cross contamination nightmare.  Going to have to keep my eye on it next time.
1	Boycott Sprouts. They are attempting to take over lands in Albany, California which are part of a public land trust for agriculture. The land is currently being used by urban farmers to feed the poor. Look for this film soon in your area: www.occupythefarmfilm.com to learn more and visit the website.http://www.boycottsprouts.com/#!about1/cj86
5	Not all Sprout's are created equal. This location by far is my favorite. I love the products carried by Sprout's in general so every time there is one close by where I am, that's where I go. I've been to quite a few different ones around Phoenix. The customer service at this location exceeds the others. They should be a shining example of how all the other Sprout's if not all grocery stores should treat their customers. Their coffee is usu full & hot. If they're out, they quickly replace it so you can have your shot of caffeine. (Keeping you happy!)One time, I dropped a squash on the ground. I felt mortified. The fresh produce guy not only bent over to pick it up for me, told me not to worry then proceeded to hand me a fresh one . . . with a song!  I kid you not, he sang to me!I regularly joke around with the cashiers. It's great here. If you're in the neighborhood, stop by!
5	Absolutely love Sprouts! Especially when I have gift cards to use there. Always find what I need here: produce, snacks, tofu, almond milk, etc. Their deli section looks and smells fantastic! I really want to try their soups and sandwiches, one day. Overall, a great place and their sale prices are awesome.
4	I love shopping at Sprouts. As far as the "healthy" grocery stores ago, this one tops my list. They have a much better selection than Trader Joe's, they have really fresh produce and are not nearly as pricey as Whole Foods. I'm here every week.
