5	If there are things about me that's weird I've gotta say it's gotta be because I'm like a frosted mini wheat. Give me the lean beef, and foie gras from Burger Bar at Mandalay. But Schoops - you would never know about. Schoop's is hidden at the Food Basket inside the Antique Mall. One of my employees brought it for me for lunch. I had a Double Burger with cheese and bacon. OMFG It was GREAT. GREASY...JUICY...CRISPY....Yea while you wait you roam the Antique Mall while your burger gets deliciousness from the guys who cook it by pouring all their love magic into these delectable delights.  Yea I got it fully loaded...I even referred another dept. Now their whole group has it once a week. and they're BIG BOYS....A few weeks later. Las Vegas Weekly came out with talk about Greasy Spoons and lo and behold.(what the hell does LO mean anyway?) There's Schoops. So I made my trip there.....I missed it by half an hour. The following day. I went again. I smelled and my mouth watered for their delicious patty of meat....yea. Life is good...
4	Located near Souhtpoint Hotel, this place isn't a bad Mom and Pop hamburger shop.  It's just a really good homemade style hamburger place with all the stuff that can be good with hamburgers such as fries, shakes, and other great items.
3	From the outside, you'd think this burger joint was a restaurant. But as soon as you walk in, you realize this is a hamburger stand that's connected to the antique mall. The prices are reasonable but the burger I got was sub-par. In fact, it was so dry, I had to slather over 2 tablespoons of mayonaise on my burger to make it edible.It was not greasy or juicy.It was desert dry.I would sooner go to In-N-Out Burger before I come back here. The reason I gave this a higher rating of 3 stars is the kitchy location and the fact that it's been around for a long time and I hate to see old things disappear among the new. Being able to browse the antique mall while you wait for your food is pretty cool. Being able to browse the mall with a malt in your hand is even cooler.But seriously, the burger alone wasn't worth the visit to Schoop's. I was disappointed that my "local" burger joint was so boring.
2	Like another reviewer said, it does look like more from the outside.  When I walked in, it was actually a pretty shabby stand near the antique mall.  Prices weren't bad I guess, but the burgers were very blah as well as the fries.  Definitely are much much better places to get a good burger than here.  I'll give it one thing, it was all very fresh, as they didn't make it till we ordered it.  Maybe a decent eat if you happen to be shopping at the antique mall, but don't think we'll be coming back just for the food!
1	I had this place on my list but I didnt make in time because it is now closed.The reviews here are varied and so are the ones elsewhere. Suppossedly thiey had deep fried hamburgers like Dyers in Memphis.Sad to see it go but there must have been a reason
5	Closed....WTF....NOOOOOOooooooooo. What more do we suffer? Circuit City is going out of business....the Great Indoors.....WHAT MORE?!
