4	This Filiberto's is one of the best ___berto's in town.  In particular, it blows away the nearby Eriberto's on 7th St & Bell.  Phoenix n00bs will have to decide whether they like this style of taqueria at all. It's the real Mexican food, in my mind. And for the initiated, the byzantine collection of Filiberto's and *berto's look-a-likes makes for an interesting hobby of experimentation and evaluation.  Some people love to take up wine as their culinary passion. But I'm drawn to the in's and out's of the 24-hour Mexican taqueria world. I'll publish a magazine on the topic someday.
4	Perhaps the best Filiberto's in town certainly superior to the any rivals around it. It may seem silly to rate a fast food joint that is part of a franchise but unlike Macdonald's, Wendy's, In and Out, etc. Filibertos are not all equal and it is important to know which berto's to go to at 3am; the one 3 miles west of your home or the one 3 miles north of your home.But in general Filiberto's is well known among Phoenix locals, although everyone stands on either one extreme end of the spectrum or the other. For those who share my love for 24 hour taqueria this the best the north valley has to offer. For those of you that are new to filiberto's and are perhaps just visiting the valley for short time or are moving to one of our great cities i would use this rule: Treat Filibertos food like you would the tap water in Mexico avoid it if you aren't going to be around that long but if you are here for the long haul give it a few chances to let your stomach acclimate then enjoy.
4	I was stuck in Phoenix on business and had a late night craving.Nothing was open except Fast Food after 10pm.  I did not want Fast Food Chain Fast Food... bleh...Then I yelped, and Yelped pointed me and my rental car in this direction...Could it be? Could it be Arizona's loosely semi chained fast cheap greasy mexican food like Alertos and Albertos and Los Primos of the OC?! COULD IT?! ANSWER ME!!!Well I tried it out, and was not disappointed.I tried the Patron's Burrito... SO GOOD and BESTEST combo burritto I've ever eaten anywhere!I tried the Carnita's Burrito... It was ok, have had better.I tried the Egg and Chorizo burrito... It was good.(Yes, this was all in one trip, in one night, for one person... I was hungry...)All in all It wasn't comparable to my memories of Alertos in FV during the HS years, but it was as good as it gets in the middle of the Arizona desert @ 1am.  And that is all I needed.
3	Russ brought home burritos from the 'bertos, and I noticed for the first time.... The food is very, very .....average. It's decent Mexican food, especially if your on a budget. Although I have eaten Filiberto's many times before, I have never really craved Filiberto's, or taken a bite of their food and thought...wow! But, I have never had a bad experience with the food and my vegetarian orders always come out right. I love the horchata!
5	This has now changed ownership and is a JULIOBERTO'S. It  has been for about 6 months. You might not have guessed it by looking at the drive-thru menu board because it's the same (as is the phone number) and the sign almost looks the same BUT you can tell a big BIG difference in the taste of food.I've heard all the stories about all the different  "-berto" restaurants being owned by relatives from the same family. I don't know if that's true or not. It would seem that way because all the menus are almost identical. I do know that even if it is true the various "-bertos chains" all seem to have their unique recipes which are consistent within their group. For example, I can go to an Eriberto's in one end of town and the hot sauce tastes the same as another Eriberto's located elsewhere but the sauce is totally different from what's served at Humbertos. This particular Filiberto's (when it was a Filiberto's) was the best of all the "Berto's" and the best within all the Filibertos...maybe the ingredients were fresher or the cooks took special care to make sure everything was cooked perfectly but whatever it was led me to drive passed 2 other Filiberto's closer to my home just to go to this one.Now it's gone and it's pointless to make the longer drive because the food is just not good anymore now that it's a Julioberto's. This Berto's will be missed.
4	Beef Tacos A+.  I love this place when I'm looking for some quick, awesome Mexican food.
5	A halmark of delicious mexican food, if you haven't had it, you owe it to yourself to try try it!!
3	food is always good, drive-through SUCKS, and as with the whole chain, they charge a service fee for using your card.
