5	Amazing Italian! This place just opened up in our neighborhood, Dobson Ranch, and the family owned atmosphere was comfortable and clean. The menu is all Italian fare, complete with the best homemade Chicken Parmesan I've ever had. We happened by their first day open, the service was smooth and friendly, I never would have known it was their first day! All that being said, give it a try and don't pass on the garlic knots!
5	Ate there today for lunch.  Service was very good, food was excellent.   Had a stromboli and it was delicious.   My daughter had a slice of pepperoni pizza and it was also very good.Very nice addition to the neighborhood.  Will be back soon.
3	We went to the new location for the first time for dinner.  Hope tonites service isn't typical, because it was awful.  Food was decent. and out waiter was nice but really slow.  Also we ordered the rice ball. which was listed as coming with sauce and cheese.  When it came to the table it had meat in it.  Just a heads up to any vegetarians which come to this restaurant,   confirm the dish doesn't have meat in it.
2	We decided to try this place since they have a new location not far from us. According to the reviews and waiter, the pizza is amazing. We started with the appetizer, rice balls. These were pretty good. Loved the sauce! Wish I had bread to dip in the sauce. We split a pizza which to me was so bland. The crust was flavorless, couldn't taste the sauce and the cheese was not quality either. Apparently their liquor license isn't good yet so the bar was empty. The set up was kinda odd to me. Its like a split floor plan. Then there was a little bakery type cooler that was empty. Maybe they are still getting things together but you think they'd have a sign saying that, or your waiter/waitress would tell you? Our waiter was friendly but not good on keeping up with the refills.  There isn't much decor, kinda plain Jane like the food. Then we say the table next to us get fresh bread, hmmm not sure why we didn't get any. We may give it another try in time and skip the pizza, not sure.
5	Lisa I just want you to know that you have no idea what good pizza taste like...how could you say that there was no flavor in the pizza... there pizza is the most flavorful pizza you are going to taste in the UNITED STATES.....  you really don't know what you're talking about and I know because I was in the pizza business in Brooklyn New York and there basic cheese pizza in which they use  the best cheese you can use for pizza which is Grand cheese is the finest quality cheese you can use for a pizza.... the cheese spreads evenly and pizza is unbelievable.. The taste is unbelievable I'm pretty sure they throw some oregano on the pizza after it comes out of the oven you can taste it its really good..... Keep up the good work guys and I love your new location...
2	My boyfriend and I have visited the old location several times and was happy to see that this family business was expanding to a bigger location.  Tonight,  we ate at the new location and I went there being hopeful, the new location is very nice, spaceous and left disappointed. We were the second table in an empty place,  kinda sad. I've seen their old place BUSY. The server who assuming a high school aged guy was nice enough but did bare minimum. I even got up to grab silverware for our table. We've continued to come here because he likes the calzones, however the pizza isn't NY pizza and kind of tasteless.  You would think it should more or less be the same.  Truthfully,  I want mom and pop shops to succeed but something is missing... maybe cooked with love :(
4	Went to a party for a friend about 50 guests. The food was very good. First course was an assortment of cheeses and meats with bread and rice balls.  Main course was baked ziti or egplant parm. Salad and chicken picatta.  Cake for dessert. Service was very good! Will be back next month when they have their liquor license.  Cuz thats how I roll...
2	Been coming to La Famiglia since 2004 they recently moved to this location and maybe they are now too big because the service was AWFUL and the food not nearly as good as it was when they were a small local place.  Very disappointing
1	Went here for the first and last time last night. My husband had chicken marsala and the chicken was so tough you could hardly cut it. My son had fettuccine Alfredo and it was so bland. No flavor at all! My other 2 sons and I shared a pizza. Very greasy and the crust was very hard, maybe overcooked but not sure. Anyways $65 later and we didn't enjoy one thing!!
4	New location, the service is a little slow.  I have given them time to get up to speed. Love the food, everything has been fantastic! Cut them some slack, they will get beer and wine this month!  I like because I can walk there!  LOL
4	The food was great and prices were reasonable.  The atmosphere was lacking a little bit and it was kind of dead.  I assume this might have something to do with their recent relocation. Hopefully this place picks up soon and beefs up their decor.
2	SOOO SLOW!   Seriously.  We've been waiting for an hour.  For spaghetti.  No wonder there are only four other tables of people here. The garlic knots are pretty good though.
4	I've been going to La Famiglia since its first location.  The subs are usually very good but not always consistent.  Sometimes they toast the bread and sometimes they don't.  It gets kind of confusing.  The pizza is always my favorite.  It's probably the closest thing to NY Style pizza that I have found in AZ.  Be ready to wait a little longer than they quote you.  If they tell me 10 minutes it usually more like 20.  Last time I ordered a pizza for take out over the phone.  They told me it would be ready in 25-30 minutes.  I get there after 30 minutes and end up waiting another 25 minutes.  Worst part is they were not busy.  Lucky for them the food is good so I put up with it.I would love to give them 5 stars but the lack of consistency and slow service cause a star to be lost.  I'm still a fan and will continue to be a regular.
2	They bit up more than they can chew.  Slow slow slow.  We used to love going to their smaller location - but even there the friendly element was not there when it came to customer service.  When we visited the new place the mother owner just made excuses for the slow food. I don't care if the owner lady tries to convince us it's "made to order and it takes time.  If people don't like it they don't have to come".  Her words.  My family own pizza /Italian restaurants - very successful too and would NEVER say that to someone.  Esp if they value customers.  We were waiting for fried mozzarella sticks over 45 minutes.  The pizza never came.  We waited one hour for our pizza and just decided to leave.  Food is still delicious but I was livid at how this woman reacted to our wait.  Mozzarella sticks even "made to order"  should take 10 min Max.  If I were the family I would keep their mom away from the customers.  She doesn't help the situation.
4	They owned a pizza place and an Italian bakery in Long island NY for many years. I grew up right down the street. I had no idea they were here until last year. We have always had great service and food here. We are treated as the restaurant name says; like family. The new location is very nice. Their pizza is one of the better NY style pizzas in the valley, which is sorely lacking in this department. I would go more often but I do not live in the East Valley.  I cherish the NY gatherings we have here though when we all get together.
5	First off, you have to get their thin crust Sicilian pizza.  They call it the 'Grandma Pizza'.  It is bar none the best pizza ever.  I kid you not.  The Chicken Alfredo is excellent.  The spaghetti is awesome.  Just about everything they have is excellent, including the Philly Cheesesteak (I get mine with marinara and the cheese/steak.You won't find a better value, anywhere.I've been eating here for the past 4 years.  If you haven't eaten here, you're missing out.Plus, the new large restaurant is a nice upgrade from what they had at the old location.
5	They hosted my parents 30th anniversary surprise party this past weekend and the presentation of food was stunning! The service was marvelous!  The food tasted wonderful!  The party was amazing and the staff truly made the event perfect!
4	We have not been to the new location due to the distance, but had bought a groupon, so we decided to make the trip. The place is much different than the old place, which was counter service. The new place waiter service and the atmosphere has stepped up with a full bar and great happy hour prices. We ordered the Sicilian pizza which was just as good as it was at the old location. love garlic knots and the delicious sauce.  The service was very good and would plan to make the trip to Mesa again, maybe try the pasta dishes, although we cant pass up the pizza!
1	First time in the the first location. I was really disappointed . I didn't know that when they moved, their service would change this much. We waited for and hour to sit down and for another hour to get our food. Our appetizers were hard and cold like it just came out of the microwave. Our food was bad as well and our waitress never once showed up to replace our drinks.
2	My girlfriend spoke very highly of this place.....ehh it was ok. They really need some different color paint on the walls. Its just white.....not a very "Italian" looking restaurant. Service was good.
3	Was a big fan the first few times we ordered from LF. Great cook on the dough, just the right amount of not-too-sweet sauce, generous toppings, tasty sausage.Then...we caught them without their lipstick and make-up...AAAAAAGGGHHH.Burnt pizza, toppings uneven on the pie, wrong sauce given on request (pizza instead of marinara), sauces forgotten (Extra ranch? Sure, no prob- not gonna happen skippy). Oh, and don't forget the disconcerting delivery guy who says little and will not let go of the pie until you've signed and tipped, heh. We keep trying to find great consistent pizza in this area and have struck out with 10 places so far- VERY, very disappointing.These guys will do in a pinch, but don't hold your breath for Za nirvana. Seems it depends on who's taking your order, and if the big guy is not on premises stepping on the kitchen- it's a bad sign. Mamasita doesn't watch the kitchen or keep them on task, so you get mediocre at best.The inconsistencies will slowly drive you insane, as it did us last night when we gave them yet one more try.T
5	Our favorite pizza place in Arizona. They have an excellent full menu. Great big wings. Closest pizza to north east pizza we've had in Arizona. We go there very often and have enjoyed everything we've tried. I am glad we are near by.
2	We did not like this place.  It was not busy at all when we went, and it still took awhile to be seated. While we were looking over our menus we overheard a server commenting on the pumpkin cheesecake being house-made and amazing.  It got my hopes up that everything else would have been house made as well. I ordered the gnocchi, and my boyfriend ordered the chicken parm. They both had the same sauce- which tasted like a can of tomato sauce with garlic powder and dried oregano sprinkled in before being served. Canned tomato products definitely have a distinct, awful taste so that was unfortunate.  The Gnocchi was stuffed with a spinach ricotta mix. They were kind of gummy, and were all extremely uniform.  The chicken was breaded with Italian-seasoned breadcrumbs, and was more soggy than crisp. My boyfriend did like the bread they served before the entrees, it was like thickly rolled out pizza crust dough, brushed with butter and Italian seasonings, then cut into strips.  Our server poured a ton of oil and vinegar on a plate to go with it, I was surprised she used so much until I tasted it. It tastes like they either cut it with vegetable oil, or use an extremely low grade olive oil. The balsamic vinegar was very sweet and thin.On the plus side, their wine was reasonably priced. They seem to stock the mass produced brands that most people are familiar with.
5	This place is great. It is a local family restaurant,  hard to get that here in AZ. The food is amazing. I have had the pizza, chicken parmesan, and desserts. They have all past my expectations. The service is good and fast for how fresh the food it. Great place to go.
2	Gave it a try because we live just across the street.  We have tried the thin crust pizza, calzone, various pastas and all in all its just pretty much OK but nothing special.  Service can be slow, even when the restaurant isn't busy.  Don't let the crowed parking lot fool you, those cars belong to customers of the Native New Yorker next door.  Hubby went in one night 10 minutes before closing to pick up a pizza.  Noticed the garlic knots next to the register.  Had never seen those before and knowing they would probably be thrown out at closing asked if he could sample one to see if he would like to order some next time.  No go.  Asked if he could purchase one to sample.  No go, they only sell them in lots of 3.  Not exactly good customer service and the way to win repeat customers.  Think we will just stick with Rigatonys in Tempe for excellent food and value.
4	This place was great! We thought we would try it since its in our neighborhood and were always looking for new restaurants...we had a pepperoni pizza and the fettucini Alfredo with chicken and both were delicious! Were happy also that they deliver and that you can stop in and grab a slice of pizza. So glad we tried it!
