5	Looking for something special for your home? Want some seasonal decorations or trendy artwork? This is the perfect place! One of the nicest Homegoods I've ever been in, I visit this store at least once a week. They get in shipments several times in a week full of goodies... and I've been able to stock my (new) home with beautiful decorations and products for my kitchen, bedrooms, living areas and bathrooms. I love getting the upscales items for the (much cheaper) price!!
4	Great place to shop and go broke :(Place could be bigger - but satisfying to know it is only 2 mins away from home - driving.Although this location is not as huge as the one in Ballentyne, it is sufficient enough, and I do tend to come away with an item or two..or more - haha!
3	Good products for relatively decent prices! Whether I'm looking for lamps, bedding, decorations, or cookware, I always try home goods first. Typically I go in home goods on a mission and don't find what I'm looking for, but I always leave with something else that caught my eye! This particular location is kind of a pain to get in an out of, but if you're near south park, stop in and see if you can save a few bucks before you hit the high dollar stores inside the mall  :)
4	This is by far my favorite Home Goods in the Charlotte area. Some of that is that it is a dedicates store, not an outpost in a Marshalls or TJ Maxx. More space means more product that I can talk myself into or out of needing, depending on the day. There is always a wide selection of items, particularly in the more useful sections like bedding, furniture and lighting. I love a wide selection of ceramic chickens (almost) as much as the next girl, but it's nice to see stuff I might actually have a use for.Do be warned. If you see something you like you need to grab it and fast. Turnover is super quick and I've had one day of delay be the difference between "They have 2." and "Dang, all sold out!"
3	Awesome Homegoods in a good area. They seem to have a quick turnover and heavily discount items they have for longer.They have everything from large furniture to kitchenware. Great brands in trendy styles. Staff is extremely friendly and will help you do everything. They take returns for up to 30 days if you have second thoughts, no questions asked. Huge plus!I've gotten tabouret chairs for just $50 a pop and throw pillows for $5. If you see something, snatch it before someone else does! Only downside is many items seem to come in damaged so be sure you inspect first.
3	Love this place. It has some of everything. The inventory changes but, it's always replaced with quality stock. It's likely to perk up the shopper as well as their abode.
5	Home Goods is a dream place for anybody wanting to refresh their decor or just starting out. The possibilities are endless and the prices are unbeatable. The staff at the Sharon Roads store are so friendly and eager to help. so the only complaint I have is if you see something you are thinking about , you better buy it , because it won't be there when you go back.This is my favorite store in town.
