1	OK McDonald's...Please check your beverage dispensing machine. On several occasions, I've had poorly mixed coke from your unit. The coke taste watered down. Are you trying to save on cost or did you run out of product?  Never compromise on my Coca Cola drinks, I would hate to cross over to another brand. Restaurants should be mindful of their dispensing units to ensure their lines have full bag in the box running through the lines and keep the ice maker full of ice. Thank you!
1	Slowest McDonalds ever....especially in the mornings
3	It's McDonald's. You really can't ever expect a good meal from any McDonald's. That said, however, I have no complaints about this location. My order has always been correct and speedy. And the food here is no worse than the food at any other McD's location. So can I really give it fewer than 3 stars? I guess not.Psst...want to know what my favorite thing is from McD's? It's the hot mustard sauce. I could dip practically anything in that sauce. It is so yum!
4	If you're looking for a quick breakfast, you really can't go wrong with a breakfast sandwich and an iced coffee from McDonald's   This location is always quick...I've never had any issues with my orders or the employees here.  I've only had breakfast here so I can't comment on the rest of their menu.My mom told me their oatmeal is really good...planning on trying that next time.  My husband also loves their cinnamon roll bites.
1	I was just there a few days ago.  I ordered my daughter a kids meal thru the drive thru.  The women at the first window was very nice and professional.  When we drove to the next window to pick up our food the women just handed us the juice then handed up our kids meal.  The whole time talking to fellow coworkers.  We saw only the back of her the whole time.  No hello no thank you or anything.  It was the weirdest thing.  My husband and I were shocked that happen.  Sorry Mcdonalds we were bothering you.  The funny thing I think she was the manager because she was wearing a different color than everyone else.
1	I am truly unimpressed with this location. I LOVE a cup of coffee in the morning and McDonalds has great coffee. This location seems to be run by a bunch of children with no other purpose other than goofing off. I sound like my father. How hard is it to be polite and serve a cup of coffee? With a thousand locations within a 5 mile radius, I think a will drive and extra block or two for that great cup of coffee.
3	I hate Mcdonald's I go tto be really really Hungry to eat there but my kids like it. This location service is what u expect from Mikey D's, nothing more nothing less.
3	This review is only for the drive through. I enjoy the face to face ordering instead of the intercom. It gives a better chance for them to get your order correct. The staff here is very nice. There are a few people I can think of who are not morning people and should not be working the drive through, but I can't really choose who's working the window. The wait time depends on when you actually order. It's a little longer in the morning when everyone is off to work and when people are getting off work. As for my actual orders, I haven't had an order incorrect, although they have forgotten a straw here and there or have forgotten sauce or ketchup. I just make sure everything is there before I drive off. Food wise, it's McDonald's. Nothing special.
2	Employees more worried about gossiping than serving customers. Almost 5 am and I waited 8 minutes for 2 breakfaat  sandwiches. This place is a joke.
1	I haven't been to a McDonalds in years.  Now I remember why. Stopped at Redbox and decided to grab a hot fudge sundae while I was there.Got to watch a manager argue with a customer over whether she ordered fries or not, and on the way out noticed an overflowing garbage can with garbage all over the floor in the dining room.  Stay Klassy McDonald's.
