4	the big burrito group knows how to do food. This place has margraritas that will do amazing things to you. Watch out or else you can end up in vegas getting married by the end of the night. The food is great, especially the carnitas enchalada. the san fran buffalo wings are a must paired with a cold Pacifico.
4	I totally forgot about Mad Mex. They have a good menu, not that I would eat much of it. They have a great Bike night, getting hundreds of bikes, but not Harley's.
5	Great mexican food and margaritas ... and in Pittsburgh of all places!  Big burritos which will really fill you up.
5	Great Mexican/American food.  I had the best wings I've ever had here, and I've tried many places across PA.  Great happy hour specials every weekday from 5-7.  Even their wonkier menu items (the gobblerito comes to mind) are outstanding.
3	The only reason I wouldn't rate this place any higher than a 3 is that it can be a hit or miss. This time was great! FOOD: I ordered the chopper steak salad, which is grilled steak on top of a bed of greens with half an avocado, cherry tomatoes, corn, onions and a tortilla. The steak was tender and tasty with the ripe avocado. I had it with Ranch dressing. This combination was a light but filling dinner.
3	If you're a hardcore fan of authentic Mexican food, this is probably not the place for you.  The enchiladas remind me more of chilaquiles - definitely more layered than rolled.  The burritos are huge but it really drives me crazy how segmented they are.  One bite will be all rice, the next will be all meat.  The tofu tacos are okay, but the bean sprouts seem like a weird addition.I know, you're probably thinking "What DOES this girl like about Mad Mex?"  If you can let go of any previous Mexican food experiences (or if you've never had Mexican food before, as I hadn't when I first went to Mad Mex), some things are ok.  The tofu tacos minus the bean sprouts.  The California grilled salad.  The chickpea chili and black bean soup, the potato taquitos.  Nachos, chips & salsa, and guacamole are all decent.  Their sides are ridiculously huge and the desserts are all ok (except the sopapillas).  Basically, stick to the least authentic stuff and you should be fine.Additionally, some of their entrees are available with your choice of either chicken, steak, shrimp, portobello mushrooms or tofu.  They have tons of vegetarian options.  They have good happy hour deals and good late night margarita deals.  They have raspberry, strawberry, mango, and kiwi margaritas year round, with one or two seasonal flavors per month, plus a full bar, a bunch of tequilas and a huge, varied beer list that tends to focus on local beers.So basically: the less you know about Mexican food, the less disappointed you will be.  If you're a fan of authentic Mexican food, either stick to something more basic like a salad, or pick a different restaurant.
5	I wanted to pipe in and give a more favorable review of this place. I have loved going here for years!  I will agree that it is not for the authentic Mexican experience - but because they have a good variety of tasty food and drinks.  I usually go to the Robinson location as it's near my office.  It's a lot more spacious than the Oakland location, which can feel a bit claustrophobic to me on a busy night.  (Though late nights there are fun with half-off food specials after 11...)I like getting the chips with different dips.  The Yucatan Bean Dip is to die for, and the Dos Equis queso dip and fire-roasted tomato chipotle salsa are also great.  For entrees I usually go with the fish tacos or one of the quesadillas.They have great lunch specials too.  I can get a huge quesadilla and a salad with their delicious lime-cilantro dressing for like $7!  Good Happy Hour specials, too, on margaritas and drafts.Authenticity aside, I've been here a million times and I know I will be here a million more.
4	Hit or miss on quality and ambiance. I have had great service there before, stellar food, a great time at the bar, and then there were the times with a rock in my bean dip, cold food served, and service that was non-existant. The last time I went (Nov -09) everything was just peachy, so perhaps they have ironed out the kinks. Food is good, creative, and filling. Happy hour prices are to be sought out for drinks.
4	Great margaritas and decent veggie options. Not the best Mexican food, but you don't have a ton of options in Pittsburgh and this place will have to do. The staff and bartenders are always nice. I've always had a great time during happy hours here and keep going back!
5	Awesome.  Great margaritas. Pineapple habanero salsa and black bean dip FTW.This is not traditional Mexican by any stretch, and that's a good thing.  It's more of a tex-mex style.  The portions are big so expect to take some home with you.  Other reviewers mention the food being hit and miss.  My mom lives nearby and I make a stop nearly every time I'm home.  I've eaten here more than a dozen times and never had a "miss".Enjoy flipping through the menu looking for their little comedy gags and puns!The bar gets crowded and closes at midnight.  It's too bad they don't stay open later because it could be a great suburban hangout when you don't want to mess with traffic.
3	Spent the weekend and Pittsburgh and started out Friday night at Mad Mex for Happy Hour and some dinner. Happy Hour was a pretty good deal with half price wings and cheap drafts. The wings were good and the beer selection is above average.For dinner I had the carnitas enchiladas (i think). It didn't taste bad but I definitely had better Mexican elsewhere even elsewhere in Pittsburgh.
4	I read a few of the reviews of Mad Mex and quite a few reviewers called their food Tex Mex and I don't see it that way. I see Mad Mex as more Cali Mex with the accent being on fresh ingredients, healthy cooking, and excellent service. The black bean soup is almost fat free and the best I've ever had. (try it Joe D style with a dollop of guac on it instead of sour cream) The lime cilantro salad dressing Is amazing, I've had it on the grilled portobello mushroom salad for a meat free meal. The grilled fish tacos are every bit as good as the famous fish tacos in San Diego. The fish is grilled perfectly, plenty of home made guac, pico, and sour cream accompany this dish. The beer list is a who's who of some of the finest micro brews across the states, including many IPAs which are rotated monthly. You can watch the bartenders squeezing fresh fruits and melons for their huge line ups of margaritas flavors. This little Pittsburgh gem of a restaurant is now opening locations in other cities like Columbus and Philly. There are many locations in the Burgh.
5	Stopped by with my laptop late last Friday afternoon to enjoy some craft brews and prep for a class I'm teaching Saturday morning.  Normally I have nothing but great things to say about Mad Mex in Scott Town Center, but I was mildly annoyed by a new server who seemed to abandon me after finding out I wished to stay and work after purchasing my meal and buying several craft brews.  This is not the normal treatment at this establishment for the guy at table #28 with the laptop.  In any case, great food & great selection of microbrews!
2	Perhaps our mistake was going on a Sat.night in the summer .Who knew it would be packed to the gills with thirsty college students. Loud is an understatement. We were crammed into a little table the four of us elbow to elbow with the diners seated on both sides. This already has put me in a bad mood.I never did well in Europe sharing my table with stranger and in the U.S it irks me even more It took forever to get our drinks of simply water and soda. We at last caught our waitresses eye and was told should would take care of us she guessed.....? What the heck she was the same waitress who took the drink order and was delivering the food next to us. When Ms.Wiffty finally brought our long awaited food it is totally the wrong order.We even considered asking if we could just keep it because we had waited so long, but no off she went to leave us for another 20 minutes. What we got at long last was so disappointing. It tasted no better than Taco Bell anywhere in America.Think nacho grande with a side of Guacamole. First and last visit.We did notice on the bill she gave us the wrong check .It was for half the amount of food we ordered and was probably some poor guys check.We waved her over .Her reply was just leave the money on the table I'll come by and get it later................ So we did.
5	Love their spicy black bean dip and their black bean and pineapple quesadilla... mmmm can't get enough of their black bean.
4	Such a fun place! I love that there are so many vegetarian options! They also have dedicated vegan options, but I have not ordered them. I thought I would mention it here, because my vegan friends have such a difficult time with restaurant food. The margaritas do not taste strong, but  they are!
3	Do they still do the half-price late night menu here?  That used to be clutch.  Margaritas are solid and the food is good. They actually steam their burritos, so the tortilla is super-soft and warm.  Like the salsa here too.  All the way down Atwood, this place caps off a string of good multicultural restaurants.  It's the most fun of them all.
4	While visiting PA some friends took me here for some authentic Mexican food and it was great!  The guacamole dip is yum and the burritos are HUGE!  The chips are a bit small and broken which makes it horrible for dipping.  On Fridays they serve what they call Big AZZ margaritas that are pretty good and compliment the meal.   Everything was great and I will return!
2	Not a pleasant experience.  While looking at the menu, we ordered a margarita and a draft beer.  The beer came in a bottle instead of a draft and the margarita had a terrible funky taste - almost a "plastic chemical" taste.  Next we chose to have chips and dips/salsa.  We were able to choose three dips/salsas and the server brought one that was incorrect.  To his credit, he promptly corrected the error and brought the right one.Needless to say we elected not to have dinner and departed after drinks and chips.  There is much better Mexican food and drink in the 'burgh.
2	"Meh.  I've experience better." I find this fairly overpriced for the quality of food.  I think that the decor of the place and the witty menu drive up the "like" of this place b/c it's modern and fun... but it all comes down to the food, and it's not something I'd think about again when I leave, but I wouldn't object too heavily if someone asked me to meet them there again.  They staff is nice, when it's busy they're a little slow.  The food is spicy, like the guacamole and house salsa - I like spicy, but it didn't really add flavor, just made my mouth burn enough to get a second margarita (which was strong - good, but strong w/ low-end tequila, yuck.. paid the extra $$ for better liquor).  The pico de gallo, my alternative to the spicy salsa, was as bland as they come so I settled on "virgin" chips.  Everything is just mediocre and pricey... meh.
2	You have no idea how badly I WANT to like this place. They are incredibly vegetarian/vegan-friendly. I just haven't been impressed by anything I've ordered there. Even the chips and salsa aren't terribly good. I do like the bar-- they have great sangria-- but that's about it.
5	Incredible food, very diverse choices.  Waitress had 5 star teeth.
3	I'm always the first to say that I love Mad Mex.  I don't care that it's Tex Mex, just give me a supersized Dance Marathon Enchilada and I'm in dance party heaven!  What I was sad about at this location was the gauc,.  It was, how do you say....okay...it was just plain gross.  It tasted rotten!  Not the way you want your gauc to taste.  And for some reason I kept torturing myself by taking little bites to see what the heck was wrong with it!  The waitress, who was incredibly nice, took it back to see what was up with it.  She said she thought maybe it had too much lime in it.  I love lime and I don't really know how lime can make gauc taste rotten, but I was pretty bummed The good?  My Dance Marathaon Enchilada, as always, was a party in my mouth!  And like I said, our waitress was super friendly and a great server!  She suggested to the seasonal Apple Cider Margarita.  I excited and scared all at once!  I've been digging the ciders lately, but in a marg?  A little scary.  First sip tasted a bit like cinnamon apple sauce.  A tad weird.  A couple sips later, I was into it.  I was also into caramel/sugar lining the rim of the glass!  Solid meal, I just missed the fresh, non weird tasting, gauc.  Until next time...practice safe Mex everyone!
2	The food here is pretty good but the service was some of the worst I've ever experienced. Our wait just to place drink orders was almost 15 minutes, had I not been exhausted from my drive in from Columbus I probably would have left then. However we stayed the waitress was slow, forgetful we had to yell for her or wave our arms if we needed anything. At one point the poor people next to us who had also received terrible Service were asked by the waitress a full 15 minutes after she placed their order if she had gotten their orders. I probably won't visit this location again on my next Pittsburgh trip.
4	When I was living in Wheeling WV, my friends and I would always go to this place for special occasions. They have an awesome beer selection and all kinds of great food! Plus most of their food has a vegan option!That being said the food is really good but not great. The tofu is bland and the salsa is not very spicy. But who needs tofu when you have beans and guacamole? They make a good salsa verde as well.The place has seating inside and out side, both with plenty of seats. There is all kinds of unique south western inspired art all over the place and it makes for a lovely atmosphere.
1	We went to the Mad Mex in Cranberry Twp and won't make the mistake of going back. The food was horribly hot, like they just toss in heat for heat's sake, rather than for taste. I ordered the mole chicken enchiladas and that was NOT any kind of mole I've ever had. The sauce was more like a weak, thin ranchero sauce and both the sauce and the chicken was too hot. Even the guacamole was too hot. I recognize this restaurant chain is trying to be a trendy "fusion" of Tex-Mex and CA, but they failed. Luckily, they are in the same parking lot as a pharmacy so I was able to walk straight over for some Tums.If you want GOOD Tex-Mex, go to El Campo in Monaca or El Paso Mexican Grill in Chippewa. Both restaurants are excellent examples of good Tex-Mex, similar to the styles typically served in Central California.
4	I have always had a hit and miss experience with Mad Mex.  I love the fact that they have a great beer selection, but the food sometimes seemed expensive for the quality.  Last Saturday night the wife and I went to the Greentree location, and the food was very good.  My wife had a spicy chicken burrito, and my grilled fish tacos were fresh and full of flavor.  Of course, wouldn't you know we had a waitress that simply forgot about us.  No tea or water refill, no interest is selling me a second beer.  Oh well.
3	Wonderful ambiance and great selection of brews and food. Absolutely love the the tofu tacos and pineapple habanero salsa.The stars are for the food and ambiance only. We dined here twice on our trip to Pittsburgh. The first time, our server was very attentive and a total sweetheart. The second time, we took my Dad and his girlfriend out to dinner. The table was WAY too small for 3 people having fajitas. The main problem was even though the waitress came over to check on us, she never seemed to look down at the mountain of dirty plates and refills needed.She would ask if we needed anything? But  never gave us a chance to answer. We were always yelling after her, "more coffee!" "more water!"  We also felt like we were inconveniencing her. She never smiled or showed any enthusiasm. Seemed like a completely different experience from a few days prior.We will definitely return to Mad Mex, but maybe hitting up the Shadyside location instead.
3	The fajitas were really good!!  They tasted a little different from most places.  Service at the bar was very slow and they weren't very busy.
5	Love Mad Mex.Cool place to hang out. Great food.
4	This is a short review because all locations of Mad Mex's food are consistently above average.  I work nearby this one, but one very important piece of information must be shared is that almost every item SPICY.  This does not matter to me, but my colleagues often gripe about it.  It's probably about a 7 or 8 on a high of 10 Spice-o-meter.  None of the other locations have a similar level of spiciness. Otherwise, one item that sticks out is the carnitas burrito if you are lucky enough to order when the meet has just completed cooking.  Unfortunately, I cannot tell you how to time this occurrence.  I ordered it one day and the bartender told me that I had timed it perfectly.  He was right.  It was probably the best burrito I've ever had at a Mad Mex.
5	Always great service at the bar from Tanya and Nikki. Great food and wide selection of draft beers. One of my favorite spots.
4	I love this restaurant and I probably go about once a month; however, there's just something about the inconsistency that gets me to just feel like it's not quite there.Mad Mex offers a funky decor and typically quick service.  If you plan to go on a Friday or Saturday night, I suggest reservations because there's nowhere really to relax indoors when you are waiting for a table.Being regulars, we have settled into a few choice menu items.  If you bother to read the menu, you'll notice a few jokes hidden in the description of items, so even if you are a regular, it's worth a read.  We always start with some chips and pico or the Picka Dippa and some margaritas.  The black bean dip is to die for.  Slight bit of spice, creamy black beans and a little bit of melted cheese.  The beer cheese isn't my favorite, so that one is never ordered, but we regularly switch up the salsa choices.  For margaritas, we have settled on the Ultimate margarita or the Don Julio VIP.The burritos are huge.  Seriously, as big as your face type of huge.  At this restaurant, you will definitely use your silverware.  Of course, they are filled with a lot of rice and beans, so I recommend to pay extra for double meat to make a more desirable meat to starch ratio.  The chimichanga is great, but pre-made so they can't accomodate any changes.  The tacos and fajitas are good and come with nice warm flour tortillas.  Enchiladas tend to be oversauced, but overall good.  The food tends to be quite consistant and you get what you expect, but other parts of the meal tend to be hit or miss:1. I think it's the sour mix, but something about the margaritas tends to be really inconsistant.  Sometimes you get a strong one, sometimes not so strong.... Sometimes you get a sweet one, sometimes you get a sour one.  It's never terrible by any means, but you really never know what you are going to get.  The Greentree location has the most variation in the margaritas while McNight road's margaritas tend to be better more often.2. As off-season tomatoes tend to be finiky, sometimes the pico is fresh and flavorful, sometimes you get the gritty or cardboard-ish tomatoes.3. Some of there servers are great while other times you get one that leaves you wanting more from the service.In contrast to another review, YES, they do appreciate you on your birthday.  None of that childish singing or a flamboyant dessert... if you are on there list, you get a birthday card for a free burrito.  That's better than any of that cheesy crap.  Although a casual dining chain restaurant typically isn't worthy birthday dinner fare, if someone's giving away a free burrito, I am there.
4	I have a thing for chain restaurants, and I LOVE Mad Mex!I live in Bloomfield so I frequent the Shadyside location. This is a great spot for happy hour!  I think the wings are half off--but I don't eat wings so I'm not sure.They have a pretty impressive beer selection and their maragritas are good too.I highly recommend the fish tacos.  SO, so, so good.  Get the grilled kind, not the fried.  I seriously have to have them at least once a month.  Maybe more.This place gets crowded on a weekend but you can wait in the bar and honestly, if a large restaurant is dead on a friday or saturday night would you really want to eat there?  They always say the wait is "20-40 minutes" but its always closer to 20.The service is generally pretty good.  I've been eating at Mad Mex for about 10 years and there was only one time I had an issue with the service and it was years ago.  They've won me back over!The food is consistent, the service is good, the menu is diverse enough to please everyone, and the vibe of the restaurant is cool.The only thing I don't like/recommend:  do not get that pineapple salsa.  It is sooo freaking spicy!  You won't be happy!
4	Burritos are huge! Margaritas are good,  and they have a good selection of tequila!
4	Southwest chicken wings -cilantro- too good !
4	I am big fan of MadMex.Wonder why everyone loves Chipotle (It must be good! But unfortunately, I'm not a fan!). May be because it's closer to CMU unlike MadMex n I was a student from CMU.The southwest wings, and the fish tacos are something I can live on everyday!Never get bored of them.BUT THEN - some of the waiters were total fake/unpleasant!(Well, it got camouflaged by the food they got later though! )
4	This place is hard to find in this crazy plaza, but the food makes it all worthwhile.The Herb O'Vores Tacos are one of the most delicious things I have ever had. I've had them twice in State College and once here. I was tempted to try something new on the menu but our waitress said you can never go wrong with the tofu tacos and she is right. I didn't regret it one bit. I can always try making my own thai burrito or spicy buffalo wrap at home.You get three tacos filled with fried cubes of tofu which have been tossed in a light sweet General Tso's type sauce topped with bean sprouts, a green salsa with avocado and served with lime wedges, rice, and black beans. So delicious and it all came out of the kitchen pretty quickly.I love reading their menu. The Mex-Asian dishes all sound awesome. If I lived in Pittsburgh, I would come often to try everything.They also have Daiya cheese and vegan cheesecake always on their menu. How sweet is that?My only complaint is that we went just after 5 and it was so dark in the restaurant I could hardly see the menu.
3	I took my niece here last week for lunch and we enjoyed our food.  The guac was really good.  They gave us a lot, and we both had enough for another dinner.  When I was eating my left overs, I came across a piece of wood in my burrito...probably a piece of toothpick, but it was a turnoff and I threw the rest of my food out.  I deducted a star for that.
2	This place is okay. The waiter was horrible and barely checked on us. The food was also not too good. It was very bland and didn't have a lot of taste to it. I will not be coming back.
1	This afternoon I took my 4 year old to this mad mex for lunch after a great morning swimming and doing a yoga class.  We had to send back our food because the chicken was stone cold (even though surrounded by sizzling veggies on a skillet).  It seemed like it was yeterday's chicken.  They brought out fresh food and I'm kicking myself for having eaten it.  The rest of our day has been spent cleaning up food poisoning accidents and in the bathroom.
2	The food isn't terrible, but not impressive.  I lived in LA for 4 years, so I'm super spoiled when it comes to having good Meixcan food.  We got a burrito, which was just stuffed with fillers such as rice and beans..no thanks.  There was nothing memorable about the taste of it whatsoever.  Who seriously wants a huge burrito like that?  I'd rather have a normal sized one that actually tastes good and isn't filled with crap.  We got the steak fajitas, which were actually pretty decent.  The steak was cooked perfectly as ordered, which I appreciate.  We also got the chips with salsa and guac, which were good, but, come on, it's really not hard to mess those up!  Overall, I'm just not impressed, but I guess you can't really find that great of Mexican food options in Pittsburgh.
3	Fair warning: The servers here are quite unpleasant, surprisingly indifferent.Being close to where I stay brings me here mostly. Southwestern wings with cilantro and garlic is pretty nice. Another reason to be here is they have ciders available. For main course my favorite are Enchiladas. The Super Mad Mex with chickpea is awesome n very filling. Chicken chimi is another good dish.Burritos are quite, boring, to be honest. I can get a far better one at Chipotle. Same goes for tacos. Nothing inspiring there. But despite "average" service, I like the ambiance and bar. Not a bad place to hangout.
5	Food tastes great. I loved it!
3	I eat here a lot (like at least once a week, sometimes twice).  Margaritas are good, they have an EXCELLENT rotating draft beer selection.  Prices at happy hour are good for booze, and good for wings (though sometimes you get dinky wings at the happy hour price).  Overall food prices are high ($10 minimum for an entree, usually closer to $15).A lot of their food is good.  They do really try.  It just isn't mexican, at all, period.  It's gringo through and through.  But, like I said, if you want waffle fries and wings in a mexican-like place, go here!Wait staff is very good at this location.  Parking sucks (bad).
4	I love me some Mad Mex but, I have to say that I have never had anything but the grilled fish tacos.  They are so good that I never felt the need to get anything  else when I order.  Why mess up a good thing.  This specific location is very nice and out of the way but I have to say that the fish tacos at the location in Monroeville, PA are much better than here.  Not sure if it was just an off day because I have eaten here before, but at Monroeville they are VERY consistent on delivering a darn good grilled fish (mahi-mahi) taco.  Today's dish was still very, very good but the fish was slightly dry.  I'm being picky here but that is only because I have eaten at least 50 or so grilled fish tacos from Mad Mex.  Now, in giving my review, know this .... I still got an order to bring home.  YES, I did.  For some reason (like lasagna) they are better the next day.  I will be eating them for breakfast.
3	This location has such a different feel than the others around Pittsburgh. Perhaps it's the well-lit bar, or maybe it's that there's a new bartender every time I make it over here. In any case, it doesn't quite have the "feel" that North Hills and Robinson have.
3	Parking = terribleService = just okFood = decentAtmosphere = really nice but loudDrinks = margaritas are okComing here I wouldn't get anything else other than the burritos it fajitas. Really disappointed in the quesadilla I had here. Guacamole is pretty bland but the salsa has a nice spicy kick. Neat place to hang out if in the mood for Mexican like food and atmosphere.
4	We have been to Mad Mex several times and always have a tasty Mexican meal. The restaurant has cool Mexican inspired decor and atmosphere. The music is very loud and can be hard to hear at times. Food is delivered quick and service is adequate. All dishes are large in portion size. My favorite dish is the mahi mahi fajitas. They are delicious and always enough for more than 1 meal for me. Guacamole is just ok, salsa has a nice spicy kick. They have many options for vegetarians as well as gluten free and vegan which is nice. The one thing they don't do is give free tortilla chips which many other Mexican restaurants do. I'll keep returning anytime I'm in the mood for good Mexican food.
3	I'm a big fan of Mad Mex so why the 3 stars, I guess this is my least favorite location.  I really enjoy the Robinson and McKnight Road locations as I always feel the service and quality of food is excellent.  My disappointment from the Greentree location is the food.  I always order some version of an item that contains the Southwestern sauce b/c I love that stuff - whether it's the Wingo-rito, Tofu Wrapture or Los Wingos wrap - I'll order it!  Typically I order a side of the Southwestern sauce because like I said I LOVE the stuff and it's nice to dip the wrap or fries in it for an extra kick.  Typically when I've order one of my Southwestern sauce smothered wraps/burritos at Robinson and McKnight they douse enough of the sauce on the wrap that I only need to use the sauce on the side for my fries.  The Greentree wrap was so dry and had itty bitty drops of the sauce in the wrap so I'm glad I asked for a side of the sauce.Also the waffle fries which typically come out hot, fresh and delish, were all welded together that I had to peel each one off the other.  It just seems that the times I've gone to the Greentree location the food isn't as well prepared as the Robinson and North Hills locations.
1	While I LOVE Mad Mex, this one is to be avoided.  For whatever reason, they always seem to manage to mess up orders and on a couple of occassions, I've just not felt well after eating there.  Because it's a BB, I just keep thinking I had to be wrong about that.  But after waking up in the middle of the night with all sorts of unpleasant stomach issues, I've had to write this location off.  Go to Robinson instead... (Or BB, please, please get a new KM for this location!)
5	What is not to love about Mad Mex??? Although they are a chain, the food is always A+ and the atmosphere is fun!I was first introduced to Mad Mex about three years ago. Not knowing what to expect I thought that it was just another Mexican restaurant.  Mad Mex is awesome from their chips and salsa, to their burritos to their margaritas, never a bad meal, drink, or service! I have been here for both lunch and dinner. The atmosphere is very fun too, the art is pretty cool  and resembles the Mexican Day of the Dead, and it just has a relaxed vibe to it. It is a casual place so you are perfect in jeans!Their margaritas are really good and reasonably priced. Are you a beer drinker? They have a ton of beers that they serve and a decent amount on tap. Around fall they have an awesome selection of fall beers and they have pumpkin beer.Also in fall they have this wonderful little thing called a gobblerito.  You must try it,  it is the most amazing thing I have ever tried.  Although to some the idea may sound gross, you MUST give it a try!!! A gobblerito is: turkey, stuffing,  corn, some black beans, and mashed potatoes all wrapped up neatly in a burrito shell. You get gravy and cranberry sauce as a side! A must try for fall!!!!While I have been to other locations, Greentree is my favorite! !!!
4	Gobble-rito!I love Mad Mex and all the offerings.   My favorites are the Wing-o-rito and Gobble-rito(when offered).The Wing-o-rito has your beloved wing sauce mixed in their hefty burrito.The Gobble-rito is their seasonal Thanksgiving burrito with a side of cranberry.Both are awesome!   Schedule your training appointments or your purge because these are high-calorie affairs but worth it.   Top it off with one of their signature drinks and you cannot go wrong :)Enjoy!
4	Beer selection: 4.5 starsFood: 3.5 starsThis location is my favorite mostly because it doesnt seem to get quite as busy as the other ones iv been to. As with all Mad Mex's, the draft beer list is always great with a broad range of styles. Youre sure to find a beer youre in the mood for.. And happy hour is hard to beat with half off drafts and wings from 4:30-6:30pm on weekdays. The burritos seem to be a hit, but i think theyre overrated. The nacho grande is huge and loaded, and shall i also mention quite tasty. Wings are pretty decent as well, especially with their blue cheese. All in all, id say come here for happy hour to feel the full affect of Mad Mex!
3	First of all, I have to say I didn't even realize there was a Mad Mex location in the South Hills! The location is a little hidden at the end of a shopping center off the main road. But I'm very happy this is here! I foresee myself meeting for margaritas in the future since it's so close to home!My friend and I came here for our annual Gobblerito Friendsgiving meal. The Gobblirito was good as it is every year. I wish there had been a extra side of gravy or something since it did get a little dry. I'm not sure if it's a new thing this year or just something they do at this location, but there were black beans mixed in with the mashed potatoes, which I thought was a little weird.I also got a strawberry margarita. I asked for it frozen, but the waitress said their "frozen thingy was down" so that was a little disappointing, but it was still good on the rocks. Service was okay. Our waitress took awhile to get to our table but our food came out fast. I'd like to come back tho this location again to see how the normal menu items are.
2	I think its time to sacrifice time and convenience. When we visit the area....this place always lacks the experience that we receive from ShadySide, Robinson, and Ross Park. Even though it closer to my Dad's House when visiting...its time for us to part ways. The food and service is never as good at this location. I love, love, love their tofu tacos...but this was just eh this time...it was as though the thick pieces fell apart and they were small and too crunchy and maybe just old...bleh. I couldn't even finish them, even though I cannot wait to eat them the 3 times a year I get to have them. Total Bummer.
3	I do like my Mad Mex, however predictable and non-authentic it may be.  The portion sizes are mammoth and I come away with a satisfied sense of regret.  Their beer menu is happily extensive.  Charging me $9 for chips and salsa is a bit of crime, wouldn't ya say though!?!  I mean, c'mon!  Our service has most times been lacking--a bit rushed and on the inattentive side.  Also, why do you require your wait staff to not servestraws/ lemons/etc unless asked by cusotmers---weirdness-cut out these odd cost-cutting, anti-service friendly measures please.
2	I'm in from out of town, and I'm so surprised and disappointed about the level of we received here during a quiet Sunday lunch hour. Our waitress gave us indignant responses to every request, with visible eyerolls to things like sharing fajitas. When an order came out completely wrong, she said "Sorry for the mixup, but I don't control the kitchen" and made no effort to correct the order. Had she showed any effort or contrition, the error really wouldn't have bothered me, but she actually seemed to act like it was our fault. It really disappointed me to have my dad treated like this on our family meal together on my final day in town. Please train your staff better and treat customers with any level of appreciation or helpfulness.
4	Would you believe me if I said that I never ate at a Mad Mex until recently? I think this once again has to do with little me's disliking of Mexican-type foods and eateries. Fortunately, adult me has much better taste than little me, which means I get to enjoy Mad Mex in all of its glory now.I've been at this location a couple times the last couple of months and it hasn't let me down yet. The first time I wanted to get in on the Gobblerito trend that half of my coworkers were enjoying during November, so I ordered that and a frozen margarita. Both were pretty darn awesome - I took half of my massive Thanksgiving burrito home and proceeded to eat nothing but that and more Thanksgiving food for the next few days. Most notable from that first visit was the fact that even though the place was hopping, the service was super quick. In fact my waitress came and asked about my drink order before I'd even opened the drink menu - it was just that quick. The kitchen had my meal ready super quickly as well and I was out the door in under a hour. Pretty darn impressive considering just how busy they were that night.Since then Mad Mex hasn't disappointed. The service hasn't been AS prompt since then but it's certainly been reasonable, and the speed in the kitchen makes up for any order delays. I practically devoured my shrimp, spinach and mushroom quesadilla during my last visit - talk about a meal with lots of my favorite ingredients! Ingredients, I must add, which were all well cooked and seasoned and mixed together in the right varieties, resulting in a well-balanced and flavorful meal. I also remain absolutely in LOVE with their variety of margaritas, which are impressively strong and delicious no matter what size drink you order.Really, my only complaint is their need to play loud background noise to "set the mood" for the place - I'd never want to bring a large group here because of the soundtrack they've got going. One or two people talking to each other over that noise is enough for me. But hey, as long as they've got good food and awesome drinks, I'll keep coming back, annoying background noise or not!
