4	We've had really good luck with this location. For example, when stopping in to repair a flat, they have more than once fixed it for free -- and we didn't even get our tires from them. The mechanics are articulate and competent, and we've never felt ripped off, which is a huge thing when dealing with car repairs.
1	I'm new to AZ, but I've always been very pleased with Big O in California.  So today, when I got a flat I decided to head to the closest Big 5 and have my two rear tires replaced.  I phoned ahead and was told that they would have my tires in around 2:30pm and would give me a call.  I got the call around 4pm and headed right over.  The wait was longer than I am accustomed to, and after a while I was called into the garage area.  I notice that the hood of my car is open.  "That's odd," I think since they are only supposed to be swapping the rear tires.  The mechanic explains to me that they can't get the hood to latch and wants to know if there is anything wrong with it.  "No, it's never given me any trouble at all in six years, and why the hell are you poking arounud under my hood when all I want done is the two rear tires replaced?"  He explains that they are doing a "courtesy check" of all my fluids and such.  Great, now please close my hood.  Over the next 20 minutes a procession of mechanics spray WD40 into the latch and slam the hood with increasing violence.  Eventually, someone gets it closed.  The manager comes over for me to pay the bill (which I do).  I tell him that I'm pretty upset that my hood was fine, didn't need to be messed with and now has to be violently slammed to close.  He gives me a line that "we open and close hoods all the time, and we couldn't possibly have screwed it up."  Ok, fine, whatever, I've already spent too much time here and need to be on my way.  I leave, angry, but done, or so I think.  About a mile from the shop, as I approach a stoplight my rear hatchback pops open.  Apparently they couldn't manage to close that properly either.  There are some good Big O's out there, this isn't one of them.  Avoid this location like the plague.
1	A long time customer seeking service elsewhere. These guys are a rip off. They do not honor any warranties and find ANY reason (most completely made up) to deny coverage. The management are rude and unprofessional.  Substandard workmanship, leaving hood open, leaving tools in engine compartment.  I am now taking my business elsewhere.
1	Stay clear from this place! I'd rather go to pepboys and that's saying a lot!  I purchased brand new tires less then a year ago. I had a blow out yesterday, and figured it was the old tire. I originally had bought three new tires. One was in fair condition.  Upon inspecting the tire, I noticed it was one of the brand new tires that I had purchased from them a couple months back. The whole tread separated from the tire. There were a bunch of metal prongs sticking out.where.the tread used to be. At the time of purchase I had bought.the extended warranty on all three tires. The guy at big.o said they.would not honor the warranty since it is my fault. He said I should have gotten the 79 dollar alignment. I was shocked. The guy took a 10 second look and treated me like garbage. I will never ever bring my business back.to.this dump again. Tldr; horrible service, liars, thieves.Stay away! I will be going to a new place.
1	OK, this will be a long one as I am furious over Big O!  I just left there 15 minutes ago so this is still fresh in my mind.  Last week I made an appointment in person to schedule a front end alignment and to have some straightening cams (bolts) put in to correct some issues.  Today (Sunday August 11, 2013) I went in at 10:05am per my appointment time.  The assistant manager German stated that it would be about an hour to get it done and quoted me the price.  My first problem (minor) was the supply fee of $16 for rags and cleaning stuff... what?  I am paying separately for their stores supplies, are you kidding me!  As a business owner purchasing supplies is part of your business costs and I would never pass that on to my clients let alone say "Hey, I am charging you for my supplies!"After a 100 minute wait (just over an hour and a half) I got up and noticed that my car was parked outside and questioned why I was not called up to pay as I had other things to do in my day.  German stated that my ticket was hanging and was next.  In other words my car has not been touched the whole time I was there.  I asked what was the point of an appointment if I am treated like a walk-in!  He did not have an answer for me and I am perplexed why I was not informed of the delay after being told it would be about an hour.  I just sat there thinking my car was being worked on.  What puzzles me is that I saw my car on the hydraulic lift a few minutes after getting there and then was told by German that there was a truck in front of me.  Again, what was the point of making an appointment?Needless to say I was furious that MY time was not valuable to them as I had other places to go that day.  Offering me a ride home was not the solution.  This is the typical Corporate mentality that I can not stand!  There was no consideration for my time and the nickel and dime on supplies was an insult to my wallet!  I can see now why most of the Big O tire reviews are two stars or below.  Should have went to Yelp before I went to Big O tires.In addition when I asked the manager for his card he said that he did not have any (very strange).  When I asked him to write his name on the Big O tire envelope he said he would not because he was with a customer nor would he tell me his name.  As a manager he should be re-trained on how to handle disgruntled customers as NOT giving your name is not a best practice!  I will never go to or recommended Big O tires.  Discount Tire has the better reviews and that will be my next stop when I need tires.  As far as front end alignments I will support local community shops with good Yelp reviews.I will also send a copy of this to the BBB who will send a copy of that complaint to Big O tire corporate office.  I don't waste my time with corporate phone transfers to other departments.  I doubt very much that dealing with corporate directly would make any difference hence this Yelp review and the BBB.  If you are a potential customer reading this review I would steer clear of Big O and find a better shop to service you.As a business owner myself I would never treat my client like this.  It is because of this that I have a 4.75 star rating on Yelp with 32 reviews!
2	This is an update.  After complaining to the Big O corp office and reviews on Yelp and Google the manager reached out to me.  To make me whole again they did the work and parts for no charge.  The job was completed a week ago and I am satisfied with the outcome.  For this I give an extra star but I have experienced better.  This was my FIRST time going to Big O and it will be my last... for any location!
2	Ok, I bought a minivan from my parents who had the best and most costly tires on it from big-o along with the insurance/warranty for them all.  one of the tires blew out and I thought since they were the best and new with warranty they would be covered but after I had it replaced they wanted to charge me full price and I had to fight with them to take a look at my warranty papers. I would have thought they would have it on file on their computers, but they dint.  I ended up paying full price for the replacement tire for reasons they couldn't really explain to me and I just got tired of arguing and paid it and left.  I just recently replaced the whole set after only 8 months of wear, but this time I went to another store and bought their cheapest tires without warranty because even if they dint wear as well I can still afford to just replace them and have new tires more often.
1	This place breaks your car so you have to go back to them! Theses people are crooks! I took my explorer in a few months ago for an oil change and was told my seals are bad and theres a problem with my air intake system and i should bring it back in on a later day, so i did and after 8hrs they said they couldn't figure out what was wrong and I needed to bring it back the next day for a specialist. On my way home that day my motor started to smoke, when i took it back for the specialist the next day I asked about the smoking and they replyed with "we told you your seals are bad". After another full day with there specialist I was told the computer had gone bad and I now owed $800. 2 days later my breaks go out and are leaking.Now just a few days ago I take my 2nd vehicle in for in oil change and when i get it back they tell me my seals are bad and just today i find my breaks are leaking and going out. This place is full of crooks!!! Be warned
1	Avoid at all costs! 1 hour 54 minutes for an oil change.  I had an 8AM appointment for an oil change.  I arrived, expecting to be done in 30 minutes.  Oil changes don't take that long and I had scheduled an appointment to get it done so I wouldn't have to wait.  I talked to the manager and was given an excuse that my car, a Sequoia, had to use the large lift, they only had 2 of the large lifts, they had 3 appointments scheduled at 7, etc etc.  Enough of the excuses, how about some customer service.Finally, they had me pay and said they were finishing up, I still waited 25 more minutes.  Unacceptable, I'll never return to a Big O.
1	Loyal Customer LostFirst the back story: I have been a loyal customer at this location in Gilbert for years, I have taken my past 3 vehicle here for regular oil changes, tries, and more. However, I feel as though I should have noticed the red flags way earlier.I recall after a simple tire rotation, everything seemed fine until I noticed all my wheel lug locks were missing. I brought it up but no one would own up to it so they gave me a "free regular oil change" which is just a $14.00 value. New wheel lug locks cost more than double that amount. I even had an air filter go missing after an oil change. This was a result of their free inspection that they preform every time you bring a car in. I had to buy a new air filter (Another out of pocket expense since they didn't own up to that either).Then came the most recent series of unfortunate events:I took my car in for a regular oil change. Nothing too difficult (I would do it myself but, I cant find the time). This simple oil change turned into a stained driveway from a new oil leak, a dead battery and a broken hood latch and even having my car towed twice!To Big-O-Tires' defense, they covered my first tow back to their garage (2 miles between home and them), and even replaced the $0.99cent oil plug gasket. But this small act of "courtesy" as the clerk called it, is really just a way to get me off their back and avoid fixing the real issue.To add more detail, anytime you bring a car into Big O, they open your hood and do a free battery test, check fluids etc. While they informed me that my battery tested good and it is still relatively new, my car ended up dead the next morning. Which leads me to how I found out my car was dead. After getting my oil changed, I noticed a large oil puddle under my car that same night. Unfortunately Big-O was closed so I had to take the next morning off from work so I can take it back in and have them fix their mistake. I called prior and they said to bring it in so, I got in my car and found out it wouldn't start. This was strange considering my battery passed inspection just the day before. So, I decided to open my hood and check out if everything is connected or not.Well then, nothing, my hood would not open. I pulled the hood latch and nothing happened, no sign of any mechanisms even moving. Perhaps someone slammed my hood too hard and broke the latch? I'll never know. But it is just another issue to add to the list that Bog-O has caused all in less than 24hrs.After getting a $550.11+ quote for the repairs, and NO REFUND on my oil change (which again they couldn't even preform properly) I am now paying for yet another towing to a new mechanic, who charges less and is more trusted (still all expenses out of my own pocket now), There was no refund, no coupons or vouchers, not even a simple apology was issued. All I received was a new bill, and an interrogation as to whom my new mechanic is, all from the Big-O staff involved.In addition to all the vehicle issues, the customer service at this location has always been far from professional. Arguing with customers, arguing with me, rude in general, and often arrogant and unhelpful. Not to mention the pushy over priced tire and service sales to the unfortunate customers.Overall, I should have never came back after the first time parts went missing. Now I'm stuck with a towing bill, no oil refund, a broken hood-latch that wont even open, and a dead battery.  The customer service is again very sub-standard, and unprofessional and definitely lacks any form courtesy.**AT LEAST READ THIS** Moral of the story, TRUST YELP!!! ask around if anyone has ever been there. Yelp's rating of this places doesn't lie. Big-O-Tires on Lindsay and Warner in Gilbert, AZ is to be avoided at all cost. A returning loyal customer has been lost today. A very good and just decision on my part.
1	I think this place needs help.  NOT Recommended.1st - Some of the staff is unprofessional and can be arrogant - Customer Service is not a priority at this location.2nd - OVERPRICED and maybe "shady".  I've stopped in to get a quote for a repair needed and their quote was 75% above another local reputable repair shop.  3rd - I've been here before for an oil change and I had my car returned dirty and leaky.Lastly, look at the other posts here on yelp... I think their overall rating speaks for itself.
3	As consumers we have to be fair and honest. We can't just look at all the bad reviews (many which are justifiable) and have it taint your perspective WITHOUT FIRST giving the business the opportunity to make things that went wrong...right... Well, I had a very sour experience with my statement, but honestly, the guys at the counters sometimes can only do what the CORPORATE IMPOSED SYSTEMS AND POLICIES allow them to do.  My statement after getting some work done was over priced by a pretty hefty amount.  I did my homework on what I should have been charged and went back the following day, explained the situation in a descent and professional manner to the store manager Steve.. Credit must also be given to Leo  for acknowledging that something needed "fixing" with the invoice/statement. Suffice it to say, they made what could have been a bad thing, right.. For that I give them credit.  I would rate them higher than 3 stars but the corp policies and "SHOP SUPPLIES" fees is keeping them down and making me keep my options for future service open.  Loose the Shop Supply Fee.!! "I'll bring the paper towels and WD40..."  My statement was adjusted after a reasonable negotiation and for that I'm grateful.
4	I was very impressed by the customer service here. I had just gotten a flat across the street, around 5:15 so I drove over to Big O to get a new tire. Little did I know that they close at 5! The guy behind the counter was cool though and still took care of me. They didn't have the tire I needed in stock, but they were nice enough to change my flat to my spare, all for free.If they had the tire I needed, I would have bought a whole set of 4!
5	Absolutely love this Big O location. Every time we have been in, they get any issues with our vehicles fixed right away. The manager Steve makes sure to help out the best he can, and gave my husband and I a great deal because we were bringing both of our vehicles in for maintenance. Thank you to your location for always being the best and going out of your way to make sure everything gets fixed at a reasonable price. To Steve and the employees, you and your work is appreciated.
3	Had new tires put on and an oil change done. They got me the best price I could find and had me in and out in under an hour. The customer service was great and they didn't try to sell me on anything I did not need.
1	Found small leak in tire (nail) and wanted to get fixed on wife's car. Pull in at 10:20 and am told it will be 40-45 minutes. After an hour car has not moved and no update from horrible front staff. Went to counter and they said it was next to be in.after another hour it was done. I'm guessing they forgot about it till I started asking what's going on. Horrible service for what could have been a 10-20 min job. Will NEVER go back here. Waste of a day because of a nail in tire.UPDATE! Day after the above review was done took car out on freeway to find the tire they fixed was out of balance now. They did not put the tire back on the rim at the same location or balance the tire. Had to stop at another place and get tire balanced. Wow, total failure on the most basic stuff.
1	Useless.  If they don't get you on a big sell...they great you like crap.  My mother was taken advantage of.  Sad.
