1	When I  renewed my 2 year contract and upgraded my phone at this location I did not feel the service was satisfactory. I am a mid 20 year old woman and the associate was much more interested in helping the older gentleman, who came after me,  who he clearly thought was going to bring more business to him. When he couldn't figure out why my new Blackberry wasn't pulling up my email he basically said he couldn't help after 1 try. He was very rude and for this reason I did not purchase any of my extras (memory card, case, etc) at this location. Maybe other associates would be better.
1	This is one of the worst Verizon stores out there and poss the worst in Charlotte. Save yourself time and stress and head up to Northlake Commons or Sharon Corners at Southpark. This one is always busy and when it's not, it is still slow.  I have had 3 bad experiences here, so I don't know if it is a poor hiring/training issue or what, since the rest of the organization seems to offer fantastic service (via phone or other store).I went in to upgrade my phone and they didn't ask any questions about what I typically use my phone for, but seemed to just push the iPhone as the phone du jour, so after I got it home and was working with it I realized it was so poorly suited for me that I returned it within 14 hours (and lost some $$ on it).  I was so unimpressed he didn't take the time to understand my needs and match me up to the right phone. So I gave up for a few months and when my blackberry was really dying and my hubby and I were trying to figure out if we wanted to switch to T-mobile which was cheaper or stay with VZW we were trying to compare plans, phones, etc. The guy who helped us was a total d!ck and basically said "Sure, switch." Huh?  I've been with you for years and you don't even put up a fight?  Well, we didn't end up switching service but we did switch stores. This toxic store is such an anomaly, so don't let it ruin VZW for you.
5	I rarely go into a cell phone store, but my phone stopped working.  I went to this location and the girl working got me in quickly.  Within a few minutes a new phone was on the way to me and I received it the next day since I have the warranty on the phone.  It was great customer service and was not only painless but also somewhat pleasant since the girl working was so nice.
4	Verizon continues to have awesome service, but this location has something not every store has!  An employee named Ryan!  He is one of the most helpful people I have ever encountered from the numerous stores I have ever been.  The location of the store is fantastically placed in a shopping plaza with tons of food choices!  The parking lot is huge and the area is very new build.  This store is located directly across the street from Brueggers and Carribou Coffee.  The selection of same brand devices is somewhat limited, but there is a large variety of brands. Don't come in thinking it will look like an Apple Store.  They also have a neat machine in the back of the store that allows you to purchase accessories without having to be waited on or stand in line.  The lines can be long at this location, but they are quick to hand out bottled water and turn on some cool music!  I suggest making a reso prior to arriving or you may have to put your name in and go grab a quick bite to eat!
