4	Stayed here for 2 nights in August. Road-tripped to Vegas to see Dropkick Murphys play at The Joint at HRH. Wanted to stay at HRH, was WAY too expensive, and began to google nearby hotels so I could walk (stumble, whatever) back to my hotel room and not have to pay for a taxi or the monorail. I found this little hotel, recently re-modeled, with cheap rooms through Expedia or Travelocity. The ratings varied from fair to good, so I figured "why not?" since I'm tired of Travelodge and it was, literally, across the street from HRH. Let's break it down...Plus...+Good service+Offered food and cheap bucket-beer and pizza combos. Never ordered anything, but reviews said it was worth the buy+Mini "Rehab" pool party during the afternoon at big pool. Live DJ, bar, etc. Bouncers very friendly to hotel guests. Again, didn't go (I don't like drinking when there's kids around), but seemed nifty.+Several pools on property+BIG room, basic cable, 2 A/C units that worked wonderful, living room, minifridge, microwave--all included with any room booked+Bed was actually fairly comfy+Short 5 minute walk to the best little liquor store on Harmon Blvd+(For my purposes) HRH adjascent+Walking distance to several fast-food jointsMinus...-Auxillary pools could have been cleaner. Leaf debris, ew.-Auxillary pools music could have been playing a little louder-Pool chairs were seriously old. Fix it-Close to airport. You can hear the planes...I managed to tune it out, so not that bad, really.-Recent remodeled rooms still needed some touch-ups-Parking was a little crappy at times-East Vegas, 5-min car ride from strip; definitely not walking distance-Far from Vegas nightlife (unless you wanted to be ripped off by HRH clubs)We had a pretty great stay. I'm a really picky traveller, and this trip meant a lot to me. I'd totally go back here. Their minifridge kicked the ass off the one I had at the LHC Travelodge for Tube Float. On a parting note, there was a flash flood and a huge electrical storm on the last night of our stay. We took our kitchen chairs and alcohol outside and watched from the stairwell as lightning struck the strip. Instead of disciplining us, they said: "Rock on!" and allowed us to enjoy the humid night. Oh, and if you're silly...they have huge frogs on the property. Fun to chase.
2	Although the suites here are quite impressive in terms of size, there is one thing that seems strange to me: the upstairs bedroom in our suite has no door, and neither does its bathroom.  This stands in contrast with the downstairs bedroom, which has its own door, lots of space, and a door to its bathroom, with a shower and jacuzzi integrated into the main bedroom.  Although the fixtures appear to date back to the 1990s, they're still fine except for the aforementioned lack of doors for either the upstairs bedroom or upstairs bathroom.  This problem extends to the upstairs toilet, which has no door to separate it from either the rest of the bathroom or the rest of the suite.  Imagine if someone poops up there while someone else is eating downstairs! Until they get some doors, I will not be able to recommend this place despite its coziness and overall space. In addition, the restaurant could use more creative menu items.
1	I have never written a negative review, but we were treated so poorly here.  First we paid for a room with 2 Queen beds, but at check in they told us they were full and only had the same room but with one queen and a pull out sofa.  For no reduced price they gave us what we found out was a much inferior room and there was no pull out couch.  After 1-1/2 hours of calls from us,  they finally found a room with 2 beds at close to 9 pm.  We had to pack all our things by ourselves and move with no compensation whatsoever.  The new room was a one bedroom, which is what our room should have been to begin with, but wasn't!So first they downgraded our room with no discount.  Then they made us move rooms 2 buildings over, again with no compensation when there was a King Suite just down the hall with no one there. At least now my two sons and I all have a bed to sleep in.
1	My wife and I ended up spending a night there, not by choice United booked us there, from Monday to Tuesday, since our flight was canceled.   First of all this place should be called Motel and not Hotel.  All of the doors open outside.  Upon entering our room we have notice a strong and not pleasant smell.  Well the place is pet friendly so that could explain the smell.  Next we have decided to go for a walk.  The area surrounding the motel is not the safest area, a lot of shady characters.    Then we decided to have few drinks with people that were in the same situation.  After few drinks we notice a couple at the other table taking lines of cocaine.  Yes I'm not kidding, and that's when we called it a night.Got back to our room, only to find bugs crawling all over the bathroom countertop, and kitchen floor.  Thank god I didn't have a black light with me.  Who knows what I would find.Counters in the lobby and bar area are dirty and sticky.To sum it up: place stinks, it's infested with insects, and not the greatest area after dark.
5	I stayed there for 3 nights, not planned. I had reservations at Riviera but was not allowed early check in so ended up checking in at Alexis, with my boyfriends family. (Different rooms) I must say it was an absolute delight staying there. Once checking in, me and my boyfriend were not attended right away but it was fine. Even though it was 4 in the morning, they weren't rude , just a bit slow. Once we arrived to our room it was great! Literally looks like a one room apartment. Everything was clean, everything in the hotel worked. It was just great. I would definitely and am going to stay here again for my next visit.
1	Treated horrible, hotel staff very inconsiderate And doesn't work well with the guest here, i was forced to stay out of my room for hours, even though we had the money to get into our rooms, basically leaving my service animals, left in the room unintended for hours!!!
