1	I hit a pothole and bent an alloy wheel. Found this place on the Internet, emailed them. The owner, Brad Benson, emailed me back at 10:27 pm, Tuesday, September 25, 2012, "Hi$125 to repair, you can meet my tech at 6318 w sahara on wed from 9-2, behind the goodwill store parking lot..thanks" So the next morning, Wednesday the 26th, I take my wife to work, take the wheel and tire off the car and drive the 13 miles (one way) to the location arriving at about 9:10 am. I can see their van or trailer in the self-storage lot  but the lot is locked, no one's in the office and no one is around the van. I called their number at 9:24 am and left a message for Mr. Benson. I waited until 9:50 am and then left. Never did get a return phone call from anyone. At 12:09 pm I received this email from Mr. Benson, "Sorry was on a flight to mn. Just landed. Will find out why he wasn't there."Great way to run a business. So I spent over an hour chasing my tail, waiting for Godot, and used about a gallon of gas all for nothing. In my experience there are far too many flakes posing as business people in Las Vegas. You'd think that with the economy so bad they'd be providing some semblance of customer service. Mind you this service wasn't cheap, cheaper than buying a new rim but not cheap. I ended up driving to Henderson where I was charged $110 to have the wheel straightened by a shop with a brick and mortar establishment. I'll post a review of that business soon.
5	AWRS came to my home to repair my AMG alloy wheel and did a great job, I will definitely use them again if need be. thank-you
5	Called Brad today and setup a time to meet his tech.  TJ fixed the wheel on my BMW 550i after I scraped it in the drive through.  I was pleased to find out that they are the preferred vendor for the BMW dealership although I had no idea until after the repair was done.  I showed up and met them and 25 minuets later I drove off with a wheel that looked brand new.  A welcome fix to my bruised ego.
5	I was doubtful that they could match the paint on my wheel but I was wrong. Not only did the make it look new again but I was in and out in about an hour.
5	Took my Lexus is350 in for repair curb scrartched on my rim. Hour later ,look as good as new. Talk to Jay the manager he has the best service and  communation. These guys know what they are doing. They were able to match the color of my rim ( Metallic ). I couldnt even tell it had been damage .Came out excellent . They are moblie service will go to your home or office . But i went to their shop today. Yes,they have a shop they just moved in . Jay told me they will have wheel paint service soon too.
5	Matched the paint on the wheels nicely.   Jay and the others that work at the shop are great.  Take your damaged wheels to this place and you will be glad you did.
5	Scheduled an appointment about a week after I scraped my rim. Upon arriving I was immediately helped by Alex. I showed him the damage and gave him the key to my car and he showed me into the waiting room. Very comfy chairs, free wifi, and drinks (not to mention coffee for my early 8:00AM appointment). Within 30 minutes he rolled my wheel into the waiting area and showed me what he had done and it looked immaculate! Quick and excellent repair work done. I could not even tell where the curb rash was. I was instructed not to touch or wash the rim until a few hours later - of course that being common sense. I didn't touch it for 24 hours then washed it. I greatly appreciate the help they offered and the results! I also received a Yelp discount so hurry and get your rim fixed! Out the door only $110 which definitely saved me a lot of money instead of having to buy a new wheel altogether!
