3	I don't normally eat at Jack in the Crack, but I was on my way to Aria to have drinks with my wife and some friends & and realized that I didn't have anything to eat in the past 8 hrs.  That's not smart, especially if you're going to do some drinking....so, I stopped by this place to grab a quick bite to prepare my stomach for some alcohol.I ordered 2 Big Cheeseburgers and a bottle of water in the Drive Thru.  It was fast and the burgers were hot.  They tasted ok.....they served their purpose well.Will I return?  If I'm in a pinch, sure.
2	I can't really rate this place more than 2 stars, for one thing is that it's a fast food joint, and if you read my reviews then you should know that I rarely rate anything above 2 stars if it's a fast food place. This place has low and I mean very low quality of food, but because it is cheap, fast and open late, it will get my money. I really don't enjoy eating at this place, but it's really hard to resist 2 tacos for 99 cents after a great night of booze overdose. When the day is over, I usually find myself at this place after hours. I guess you can say that as long as they got cheap food open late, I'll continue to come here.
2	Went thru the drive-thru with my wife and daughter. Had to repeat back every item that we ordered. I guess they were done taking my order because they gave me my total before I was done telling them what I wanted. Oh well. Then got my drink wrong even after I had to repeat it 3x. I'm not even gonna go thru my disappointment with the ketchup.
4	Ugh, so bummed when Yelp told me I was a regular after only checking in here twice.  Got some coupons in the mail, so got a 1/2 off Oreo Cookie Shake for under $2 and then went back the next night for a free Hot Mess burger with the purchase of a gigantic $2 beverage.  The Oreo shake is standard, doesn't disappoint.  The Hot Mess burger wasn't that great.  Good bread, but even with all of the ingredients, I was disappointed.  Props to the guy who helped me for being so excited about this new burger, though.  Not sure I can get excited about any fast food, but I guess some people can.  That's rad.
5	We have been here twice. It was the first time my husband tried Jack in the Box. We had a coupon for the BLT burger, and then I got the Jr Jack. (I get extra onion-mayo sauce)My husband was amazed at how good his burger was. The bacon was really crispy, and the vegetables were nice and cold. I should have paid more attention to the names of the young men who took our orders. I believe that on both visits the shift manager/supervisor took our order. One man had dark hair, and the second was Justin(Dustin?...sorry). Both men were extremely polite and genuinely happy people. The food was presented nicely, and tasted great. For anyone who has never tried a burger here, the meat reminds me of a cross between Wendy's and Burger King. Yum!
3	Sooo I really am not a huge fan of the food here, maybe their breakfast sandwich on sourdough is ok, but other than that its whatevs. What I come here for is their ICED COFFEE!!! It is seriously some of the best iced coffee I have ever had! I'm a frequent Starbucks, Mcd's, and even BK iced coffee drinker, but the one here is seriously the tits!The Original flavor of coffee is vanilla they also have Mocha, but I've only have orig. They have a sweetened cream, which hands down blows this coffee out the park. Starbucks adds cream, but its super lacking. I like my coffee to be super light and creamy looking at boy they do it here.They have your typical fast food, but here they pepper their meat a little too much imo. I like my meat juicy and thick sans pepper!Their curly fries are decent, and regular fries arent hella greasy.If I was only rating the iced coffee that would hands down get 5 stars. The price is a little steep, well, for IC. 1.99 for a 16oz and 2.89 for 24oz.Yay!
1	it's been almost 6mo since i visited this location, and it may be another 6mo before i visit again. i understand that using the drive-thru can be convenient sometimes, but i advise NOT to do so at this location. 6mo ago i'll take the blame for not checking my order thoroughly (as they had given the bag w/6 tacos to another car), but this time it was their fault, completely. i ordered two 'sourdough jacks' no mayo, add lettuce AND extra lettuce! what i unwrapped at home; both 'sourdough jacks' had EXTRA MAYO, NO lettuce (that they had charged me extra for btw), and NO tomato! what a joke! and then when i called them to complain, they didn't answer their phone until two hours later. and the woman whom i finally talked with told me to bring back the two burgers and she would replace them w/the correct order. (too late, my two dogs had already eaten them, and i had a healthier dinner, cold cereal... *i hate mayo) btw: my receipt stated my correct order, why the person preparing the food decided to create his/her own order is beyond me...  Jack, you stink!!!
3	Been heading to this location for a few years now, and have never had an order messed up at the drive through. They are always accurate. Staff at the drive thru are also friendly and responsive. As far as the food - it's fast food, so nothing amazing, but consistent and friendly
