4	SeasonTicketHolder:  Like too many other undiscovered, underrated cultural treasures, the Public Theater makes for a wonderful night downtown.  (I guess I am writing a review to encourage others to "Come On!  Give it a try!  You might like it!").  The theater itself is the perfect size and the stage can allow for an up close and personal experience when you almost touch the actors to a balcony seat which offers some distance (but not too much!).  I started coming to the theater after seeing "The Secret Letters of Jackie & Marilyn" and then bought in 2008 starting buying season tickets.  The selected productions range from slightly high-brow to fun, light-hearted one woman/man shows.  Also there are "TGIF" Live Music nights, Wine Wednesdays, Saturday Brunches, and Sunday Post-Performance Discussions.    Ted Pappas does an excellent job!!
5	We are so lucky to have such an amazing theater community in Pittsburgh.  This unique theater adds so much to the mix!  It's a fantastic theater because they focus on plays, usually with one musical in the mix. There's new works here, like the original show The Chief, about what else, but Pittsburgh Steelers founding owner Art Rooney.  They bring in the classics like A Midsummer Night's Dream and The Important of Being Earnest.  They also have newer works right off Broadway, like The Rabbit Hole and Superior Donuts.  Plus, they bring in Second City every year, which is big in my book because they've spawned a couple SNL cast members!! I absolutely LOVE the theater!  I'm a big fan of a theater in the round.  That means there's seating on 3 sides of the stage.  They've also been able to do some really cool things with the stage/set, like making an actual pool for the show Metamorphoses.  My favorite all time show was The Secret Letters of Jackie and Marilyn, which was a world premiere.  The show was about a made up relationship between the two women where they wrote letters to each other.  It was a VERY cool concept! They also do a lot of great events like the Mix at 6 for young professionals before a show.  Plus, they understand that most of us under 26 (and of course sometimes above) are broke ho's, they offer $15 tickets!  The great thing is, there's really not a bad seat in the house! Again, we have a fantastic theater district, so TAKE ADVANTAGE and go here!  Don't make me tell you twice!!
5	I just saw Superior Donuts! Fantastic show with a REALLY talented cast! This show will definitely go down as a favorite of mine!
3	Just saw "God of Carnage" it was well acted and funny. A good night out. Don't expect a resolution but do expect a good time.
5	Very cool theater.  Different in that it is modern but still located in the Theater District.  It's easily accessible and in a great location.  Probably the best aspect is the intimacy of the theater.  Only drawback is that any noise made can be heard a long ways...  (i.e. be careful with children)I went to see Electra thanks to Yelp's Culture Month.  The tickets were half price!  Can't be that!  We were 6 minutes late, oops, but the box office was still able to give us our will call tickets and we were lead to watch the performance on a monitor until we could be taken inside.  We were lead inside with 3 other couples while the show was going on.  The only drawback was that we kind of had to just sit wherever (instead of our assigned seats) so as to not make much ruckus.All in all, FANTASTIC performance, and lovely theater.
4	This is my second year as a subscriber.  I've seen some really excellent productions here, especially Red and Superior Donuts.  I like that the stage harkens back to Shakespeare, the "theatre in the round" concept.  I recommend you try the "Mix at 6," as a way of introducing yourself to the Public, then consider becoming a subscriber.  The seating is very good, one can hear and see well from everywhere in the theater. Customer service has been very good when I have needed to exchange my tickets for another night.  I also recommend the Preview Night, where Ted Pappas introduces the upcoming season.  This is a reasonably priced event that will get you excited about the new season of plays.
5	We just saw "As You Like It" here and we thoroughly enjoyed it. The cast did a great job engaging the audience. It was a long show (two and a half hours) but I was surprised afterwards that it didn't feel nearly that long and kept my attention throughout. My only issue was the difficulty in understanding all of the Shakespearean English, but it was easy to follow the storyline.I think our usher may have been having an off-night. We were led to two wrong sections before we found our seats ourselves. We have been here a few times and have will definitely be back for more!
5	I saw Shakespeare's "As You Like It". Great performance!
4	I can't remember the last time I was here before I saw a show last week as part of the Mix at Six series that the PPT hosts.  It's a young professionals event that serves light appetizers and drinks prior to the show.  Networking starts at 6 pm and the show starts at 8 pm. As for the venue, it was a great space and stadium seating ensures that all seats can see the stage below - which is a huge plus for me since I'm short!I almost forgot how much I enjoy plays and I hope to see shows here more often!  Don't delay as I did and check out a show here sooner rather than later.
2	For many years, my best friend and her mother were season ticket holders and when her mother reached a point in age where she could no longer fully appreciate theater (sight and hearing), I became the theater companion. We've been going now for three years, and although the overall 'experience' of the Public is pleasant, the base reason of why I attend 'theater' has been a mixed bag of mostly disappointment.The theater itself is a grand and beautiful piece of architecture. Acoustically sound, very comfortable, clean and organized.  The staff, from box office to ushers, is always pleasant and helpful. As with all theaters, the concessions are overpriced, but in this era, that's to be expected. The theater offers a LOT of 'fun' incentives to draw in groups and keep folks as regular attendees, like the brunch series for season ticket holders, or the wine Wednesdays, and other 'groupings' that give 'value added' to the experience.My friend and I have our tickets on what we call 'donut day', or the brunch series. It kind of an all-you-can-eat continental breakfast with mass donuts, bagels and pastries from Giant Eagle, with coffee and tea.  It's a nice incentive, but we've begun to look forward to the donuts more so than the actual 'theatre' experience.The reason I go to the 'theater' is to enjoy the play that's on the stage, and in the past three years, I've been mostly disappointed with the productions. I've seen a LOT of live theater in my life, from small low budget black box, to college, to Broadway tours, with varying levels of production value, but with a much broader range than I've yet to see at the Public.I've even seen a few productions in other 'less substantial' theaters that the Public presented in the past three years, and had to wonder 'what were they THINKING?' One production, 'ART' comes specifically to mind, having seen it in Florida presented by a mid-level budget theater company with high production value that nailed the script, characterizations and flow 100%. I was excited to see the show again, as it is a spectacular piece of writing - when done right. The moment I walked into the Public's production and sat down and looked at the set, I had to say 'HUH????'  The play that followed kept me saying 'Huh?' They totally missed the boat on direction, character development, as well as a just wrong set.Their choices in season also seem to pander heavily to the 'donors' and not to 'theatre' lovers. With all of the scripts available in the world, and I've seen a LOT of them, I have to ask why most of the more challenging pieces (intellectually as well as artistically) are never touched. After three years, we're now asking ourselves if buying season tickets is really worth it, when so many of the shows in the season we've already seen - but we seem to go back out of habit, not out of enjoyment.  This past season, 'Private Lives' was part of the season. I saw Private Lives at the public in the 80's. Pittsburgh Irish and Classical did it three or four years ago. Theatre Factory in Trafford did it two years ago. Again this past year at the Public?  Seriously?  The sets for most productions have been great (except for ART), and the performances have been 'ok', with some capable performers who were doing 'just ok'. Exceptions were Superior Donuts, God Of Carnage, and Circle Mirror Transformation. Three plays in three years that were exceptional and worthy of exceptional applause.Yet, da burgh audiences give out standing ovations for EVERYTHING, whether or not it deserves a standing ovation. Do they really believe that all of what they're seeing it exceptional? If so, they need to get out of the box a little more to really experience the difference between 'Yeah, that was ok' and 'WOW!'. I really miss well-done challenging live theater, and rarely do I find it in Pittsburgh. Instead, I end up settling for an day out with lunch or dinner, good company, and two hours of 'diversion' on the stage that make going to the movies more appealing.  And for me, this is what the Public is...Maybe it's just Pittsburgh, and a matter of 'giving them what they want'. But every time I receive a 'now playing' e-mail from the many theater sites I belong to, and read the synopsis of the MANY production listings, I drool, and wonder 'Why can't anyone do this stuff HERE??'The Public SHOULD be that venue. And their productions SHOULD be on that exceptional level.  Sadly, they just aren't.
4	Several years ago, my best friend and I saw Camelot here at the O'Reilly Theater while she was visiting from Florida. I was impressed by how nice the theater was and the caliber of actors performing. I have absolutely no reason or excuse why I haven't been here in a little over 3 years! I finally returned two nights ago to see Company. I truly left the theater smiling after this performance. I thought the actors were very talented, and the view from our seats was great (middle of row G). I'm already looking forward to coming back to the Pittsburgh Public Theater in the near future!
4	We went to the Pittsburgh Public Theater last weekend for a show and I was very impressed with the facilities.  I really like the horse shoe seating the engulfs the stage, and the experience of looking down on the actors.  I also thought the staff was extremely helpful and the actors at the theater were really impressive.  We had no problem getting in and out, ordering a drink quickly at intermission, and receiving directions on where to find our seats.  I like this theater a lot and plan on many return visits.The only small drawback is the seats were incredibly uncomfortable for me.  Maybe it was because we were in the balcony and had to turn our bodies at a 45degree angle which would smash your legs again the arm rest, or you could just turn your neck but either way it wasn't real comfy.  I hope in the future we can get a seat more in the middle perhaps alleviating this small issue.  Overall this is just another great addition to the Pittsburgh's cultural district.
4	What a great theater.  Pretty much every seat in the house is a good seat.  The venue has seating and cocktails before showtime and the staff is very helpful Today I went to see the Glass Menagerie, and it was wonderful.  The actors were great and the play delightful.  I do suggest you see this play before it ends.  There was not a full house today, but I wish there was because it was that good.  Do not miss out !!!
