5	I just moved to Vegas a couple of months ago and I had no clue what to do when i found out that my dog had worms.  I couldn't go to my normal vet back home because i needed my dog to be taken cared of immediately.  I looked up a couple of places and decided to go with Sandy Hill Clinic.  They were open till 530pm and they were willing to see us on such short notice.  The woman at the front desk was very helpful and informative.  I met Dr. Jonas and he was absolutely great with my dog.  He answered all my questions with a smile and made my dog and me feel very comfortable.   I thought i was going to pay a fortune for her shot, but prices are very reasonable.  I would definitely recommend this place to any loving pet owner.
5	This is a great place. They never try to upsell you and they often charge nothing for a followup. They are really great people. Dr. Anast has taken care of my cats for years and I can't speak too highly of him.
5	Great clinic, all the vets and staff are excellent! Economical, knowledgable, fair, and they never try to upsell or tell you to do anything unnecessary. They are always willing to take a look at my dogs quickly, and often for free!
5	this place is amazing i couldn't ask for a friendlier or more knowledgeable staff. i went there for a second opinion other that my usual vet. and i defiantly have a new usually vet even though they are over 20 mins farther from my house. awesome place all around
5	I come to this clinic because I LOVE Dr. Fields. I followed him from VCA to Sandy Hill and couldn't be happier with the level of service I receive. I recommend him to all my friends. The front staff are friendly and I always get an appointment, even when I call last minute. I've been to plenty of clinics in my time, and I recommend this place hands down.
5	I've taken my dog Cooper here since he was a puppy. We all know that finding a business here in Las Vegas that exemplifies quality, honesty and integrity is not always easy to find. The Vets here care about each pet as if it were their own.So let me help you...don't go anywhere else!
5	Dr. Anast has been taking care of our family pets since I was a young girl, so over 30 years! I have never trusted my four-legged babies to anyone else. He has cared for them lovingly as puppies, took great care of them when they would get hurt, and was the most compassionate doctor when it was time for them to leave this earth. It's obvious that Dr. Anast truly loves what he does, and we will keep coming until he retires. ;)
1	decided to take my cat here based on the great reviews.BIG MISTAKE!Dr.Anast took one look at my cat, based on my description of what was going on with him and proceeded to tell me "I have a VERY sick Kitty"cost=500.00 to tell me my kitty was very healthy, just depressed!i dont know about you, but a price like that made me depressed! never going back, except to get copies of labs and xrays, had a great experience with Flamingo Pet Clinic
5	Wow Dr. Anast was great! We were visiting Las Vegas when we realized my dog had a tick. I found them on yelp, called the office they gave us an appt. right away. The wait was long but Dr. Anast was amazing with all my questions about ticks and if they carry diseases. When we were done I went to the front desk to pay and he said we get the Malibu discount the exam and tick removal was free of charge. WOW you don't see that these days. Thank you Dr. Anast.
5	I cannot say enough about Dr. Anast and his entire staff here at Sandyhill Animal Clinic.  He has been our vet for over 9 years and has always been so kind.  He never tries to charge you for unnecessary procedures.  He is very straight forward.  I would not trust my dogs with anyone else.  I will continue to bring my girls here for a lifetime.  Thank you Dr. Anast for all the years of care you've provided for our family.  We are eternally grateful to you and all your staff.  I highly recommend Sandyhill for all your veterinary needs.
5	I have been taking our animals to this vet since we moved to Las Vegas 11 years ago.  Very caring and compassionate staff.  I had to have my cat of 17 years put down today and Dr. Anast was very understanding and did it at no charge.  I will always bring my animals here and have recommended him to others.  Thank you Dr. Anast.
5	Terrific Vet, been taking my dogs to Dr. Anast and his staff for almost 7yrs. He and his staff have gone above and beyond many times for me and my two dogs. Not only is he a fantastic Dr, but he's also an incredibly nice and honest guy.
5	Dr George is hands down THE BEST VET my family has ever had!His kindness and knowledge set him miles apart form any vet we have been to. My dad moved from LA & Im from Boston, we trust him, and only him to look after our beloved MUSH! Thank you Dr George for all taking care of our dog, we love him and trust him in your hands. He is healthy and happier because of you. Lisa, Fred & George Gennawey
5	My family and I have been coming here for 25 years plus. We love George he is a great guy and a great vet. He is good with animals but also people. He has taken several of our pets to his house to watch and care for them in critical times sometimes for a several days. I wouldn't trust anyone else with my fur babies.
5	I've been taking my dogs here for 15 years. Dr. Anast is the best, and his staff is nice.He never tries to "upsell". My husband's dog was "diagnosed" with "cancer" by another vet, who recommended immediate surgery. We brought him to Sandy Hill. Dr. Anast admitted he's not a cancer expert and recommended we get an opinion from this other vet, which we did. Turned out IT WASN'T CANCER! Always get a second opinion, unless you already have the best vet, Dr. Anast.
5	Dr. Groghan is awesome!! I had just moved from Arizona and am very picky about where I take my animals, I was told this place was awesome by a friend and took my Kitten Oliver there for his booster shots. Paid way less than I expected, and the entire staff is just awesome. Safe to say I found a permanent vet!
