2	Me, reviewing a Subway? Weird, I know. I wouldn't do so unless it was either amazing (not gonna happen) or something bothered me.Every other time I come here, they're out of something I want. Oh, there's a special on meatball subs? They're out of that. I want a bread besides white or wheat? Usually gone. Do I just have bad luck? This place is clean, but I don't like some of the workers (pay attention to me, old guy!) and I don't like the management. Not that I met them, but......I get coupons mailed to me. This, I believe is the closest Subway. Why, then, do you not accept coupons? Are you that ghetto? I guess this is the Maryvale area. I'll probably be back out of sheer convenience in my commute, but I sure do have an axe to grind with your service. There are too many of your generic shops out here. You are extraneous.
3	I've stopped here a few times now.  Not much on a regular basis.  Subway makes an OK sandwich.  The staff here has always been friendly and efficient.
1	Worst place ever... Customer service it's sucks... I bought 2 coffees, they were cold... I ask IMARI to make fresh coffee... She ask me to heat them up on the microwave... I said no... I want fresh one... She said that's the only one they got... She did not said sorry or nothing... I trash the coffee... She didn't ask me to if I want my money back or nothing... On my way out she was laughing very hard that mad me very mad...  She was lazy to make new coffee... I will call her  supervisor... And I will not go ever back their....
1	When I first called them, they told me to call back in a few minutes....So I called back and they say they only have Honey-Oat bread.  We ordered 2-foot longs.  Went in, paid, went home and opened up the sandwiches and noticed that the Sandwich Artist was very skimpy on the meat and veggies.  Since I was in a hurry, I wasn't there to complain as they were making them.  I counted 4 spinach leaves on my sandwich and 3 cucumber slices...  It's not like I used a coupon, we paid full price.  Big disappointment after spending almost $15.00 on 2 rather lame sandwiches. :(
