5	Best deal in town... I went to NMC for the 2nd time today and I was impressed once again!  The therapists are top knotch and all of the employees are all about customer service.  No trying to upsell you a membership, just there to serve you.  I've referred more than a handful of friends and family to NMC and all of them have THANKED me!  Everyone I know has had a wonderful experience at NMC.  Make sure to be specific when you make your appointment... if you want a deep massage (like I usually do), that is what you will get!  They also offer relaxing, therapeutic massages, pregnancy massages, and more.  The atmosphere feels just like a spa and there are amenities that you don't see at other membership massage clubs like a bottle of water when you leave.The price cannot be beat either... $37 for a one hour massage!  I was not planning on it, but I may just have to join!I hear they are expanding and opening several new locations in 2008 as well!
4	i'm giving this place four stars for three reasons:1) price2) customer service3) decent massage (considering the $)the customer service on the phone, at the desk and also before and after my massage was comparable to a "real spa".  the staff is very friendly and helpful.  the massage itself was quite good, and i left feeling relaxed. i would definitely go back (when i visit scottsdale again).  if we had these in cali, i'd be a member because it's so damn cheap.  who couldn't use a little relaxing every month on a massage table for next to nothing?  don't expect amenities like at a regular day spa (steam showers, hot tubs, robes, tea, etc).  this is a simple massage place, in and out, which is good when you need some quick relaxation and then want to continue on with your busy day.
4	I am a simple man.  There are a few things I must have:  A gym, sushi and a massage.  Other than that, I have few things to review.  Sad, really.David's review below (for NMC) is uncouth and unfounded.  NMC doesn't have students on the floor.  I know for a fact that they are all certified and their background is checked THOROUGHLY.  Clearly this has nothing to do with the fact that he has his own massage "business".  I would also like to add that the only other review he has made is 5 stars for the chiropractor with whom he works (check the addresses).  Purely horseshit and this author gives him no credibility.  He knocks the lack of experience at NMC, but his AZ issue date on his license in the picture on his profile is 2004.  Pretty lame to knock your competition in this manner, Dave.  I once saw an episode of Seinfeld where George put oil on his bald dome to massage a woman.  Maybe David offers this service as well.  Baha. Now that thaat is out of the way and I am practically spent on this review, I enjoy NMC.  I go there (or try to go there) about once a week for a deep massage.  I don't need anything fancy.  I would not want to pay a competitor's price once a wk.  They are affordable. My only criticism is that it wouldn't hurt to put a damn toilet plunger in the bathroom with a low-flow toilet. Thank you.
