4	Food:The food is yummy. My dad drives 40 minutes to get gyros in bulk from the Oakland location. The Strip District location keeps the same quality. I ordered the Chicken salad - the meat some well spiced, soft, and juicy. The only reason I didn't get 5 stars is because I like romaine lettuce over iceberg. But I can't complain too much, because they give you 4 servings of chicken on your salad. Well worth the $6. Space:You couldn't tell from the outside, but the restaurant is a huge cafeteria like space. You are sure to find a seat for a large party. But the ambiance could use some work! Service: Fast, polite, accommodating. There is nothing to complain about. I went around 1PM on a Thursday and it was fairly empty...though many people were buying TO GO. I think it's still a hidden gem for downtown! Also the meet is Halal / Kosher.
4	I have to agree with all of what Natasha posted above. I've only been once and I'm certain to go again.Space:Place is huge - cafeteria is exactly how I'd describe it. Easily fit a party of twenty+.Food:Very tender meats. For the meals you can pick up to three different types of meats/vegetables. I tried the Lamb Goat Curry, Chicken in some sort of Butter Sauce, and mixed vegetables. For side you can either choose more rice or a small salad.(I would like to try other options next time, like Chicken Tandoori)Reminds me of truck food from college only better and a good price.
4	Lately I've been getting the Tandoori Chicken & it's delicious!! A huge portion of rice & chicken for about $8 that is easily 2 meals. The rice is a little more greasy than traditional Indian rice, but it's tasty. I'd like to add that the people @ Salem's are extremely nice & are very cool about letting you try things!
5	Shwarma's are unbelievable and the staff is awesome. They're generous about letting you try their food and are very friendly. Great value for awesome food.I've been there 4-5 times and the food has been consistently great. Meat is always good quality and tender while other ingredients seem fresh.
5	We had lunch at Salem's today.  The service was first class and the food was fresh and great tasting.  The staff is super friendly. The polite  young man who took my order was helpful -- he not only explained the history and ingredients of various desserts and side dishes -- he also suggested options. The service was both efficient and speedy.My husband had the lamb/beef  shawarma; both the spice marinade and temperature were perfect. My falafel with yogurt sauce on the side was quite tasty!While the ambiance might not impress the bourgeoisie, the food and friendly staff will. The food is fresh and the servings are large.
4	I come here about 1-2 times a month for a generous portion of chicken and rice.  There are typically 3-4 different chicken dishes here.  That's usually what I stick with...,the chicken options.  They also have a beef or lamb option.  The order goes like this:-go up to the counter and point at what you want-that's it!The guys serving you at the counter will throw in whatever you want and mix and match to your liking.  The basic order is a main meat option, rice, and your choice of salad or vegetable.  The mixed veggie option is good!  I am not a fan of the desserts here.  They aren't sweet enough for me...Friendly service, reasonable prices, get it to go.., otherwise you can sit and eat in the cafeteria style dining they have here.  Personally, I prefer eating at home in front of the TV.  Oh and the building was painted up last summer and it looks cool.  One more thing- they have a market here now too.  Haven't checked it out but will soon...
5	Came here for lunch AND dinner in one day during a very short trip to Pittsburgh. I just had to write this review because no one has raved about their personal-pizza sized pide (i think they call it something else, but I call it pide). They make the bread there baked with several types of filing. I tried several--but i have to strongly recommend the spinach and feta! The spinach and feta pide was so delicious that I thought about it all afternoon after lunch, and knew it would only be right to go back here for dinner.  I wish I lived in pitt just so I can go here for lunch AND dinner. Still thinking about that pide. They have plenty of other food that are also so delicious.  They know how to cook here. Chicken breast can easily go dry and and lamb sometimes tastes very lamb-y and chewy. But that was not the case here. The tandoori chicken had fire but not at all oily that the spices lingered in your mouth even after brushing your teeth. Actually I wanted to keep eating just so that flavor would remain in my mouth. The lamb kebab was kebabed to perfection.Go ASAP and get a platter, and several of the spinach&feta pide for later and the next day. The price is right and a platter portion is more than enough for two people.
5	Lunch at Salem's is excellent.  I have always got my fix of authentic arab/mediteranian food from their original location in Oakland.  This location is MUCH,  MUCH better!   There is parking.   It is impecably clean.   The space is huge.   The food is more varied and tastes great!  The service is way above any cafetria syle restaurant!   It is definately a place that makes you feel like you belong.....no matter who you are!If you like mediteranian, indian-style food....you have to try it here.   It tastes great, feels real, and is inexpensive!
3	Holy portions Batman!! This was my second trip to Salem's and second foray into Middle Eastern food per say and I wanted to stick with something simple.  I love me some lamb and I love me some rice.  So bam, done! My friend, who I was with, is very educated on the subject of Salem's so I let her decide the dish for me.  I swear she said the dishes name to me three times and I still can't remember what it was called, technically.  So take note, I will be updating with the name!  I told the guy I love lamb so he dished out four BIG portions of lamb chops.  He won me over right there! The first time I went I was a little on the fence about the place.  I ordered a lamb (of course) gyro.  It had WAY too much lamb and not enough veggies.  I like lamb, but not that much!  Plus, I think I may be used to getting them at fairs where they dump a ton of that sauce (Greek, ranch, who knows, it's good!) into it.  So this was just ok for me. Second adventure in, success! I love spicy foods, but I'm a mess eating them.  I cry.  I snot.  See....a hot mess.  But I still do it anyway!  So I blew my nose through the whole helping.  I seriously wolfed the whole thing down.  It was VERY good!  I know cumin is a very prominent spice in these sort of dishes but I'm not a fan of a ton of it, because then the dish gets too sweet.  It had just the right touch of it! I always stare at the desserts, so I REALLY need to splurge soon. Hello, who DOESN'T like baklava!?  Good thing it's only a block from work.  There will be many more trips, perhaps to walk off the calories of future baklava purchases and consumption!
5	Consistently good food and friendly service. I am obsessed with their fresh hummus and baba, and my bf gets meals with portions leaving him stuffed - good for bf. I'm more of a light eater and enjoy a nice meal of hummus, baba and pita. They hand out free yummy pita bread or pita chips with your order which is awesome! A lot of people I work with also love Salem's. It's close to me, so I will be frequenting this place a lot!
4	Good food, nice variety of dishes... I subtracted one star only because it's more of a casual place, cafeteria-style.
4	Awesome food -- affordable and oh-so delicious. My friend and I often make the trek from Murrysville to the strip just to indulge. One thing you can count on is people of all walks of life dining here: the  Pakistani women in elegant shalwar kameez and matching hijab, the recent migrant from Jordan, dressed in jeans and a t-shirt and hanging out with his buddies, and the Pittsburgh-area foodies who have been turned on to this place.
4	How have I not reviewed Salem's yet?  This place is great.  Falafel sandwiches are always good.  (Ask for hot sauce on it.  You won't be disappointed.)  All of the gyros and shawarma are very good except the chicken - tends to have too many chewy bits (i.e., gristle).  I've had their shish kebab once, and it was mouthwateringly delicious, and their appetizers are outstanding: baba ganoush, hummous, tabbouleh.  You can easily make a great picnic with a few of these.  (I've done it before.)The desserts are good, but nothing really special, for a Middle Eastern deli.  (Always a good selection, though.)Service is always friendly, but a little spotty on procedure.  Sometimes I feel like I'm being asked impatiently for my order when I'm obviously still deciding, and sometimes I feel like I stand there for a couple of minutes before someone helps me.  I feel guilty for being critical, though, because they are very friendly.Decor leaves a lot to be desired: just an enormous linoleum an drop-ceiling cavern with a few Steelers pictures on the wall.  (Bonus points for the garish, though colorful and friendly, murals on all of the exterior walls, though.)  Parking's a bonus, too: they have a small private lot that relieves the on-street parking, so they're one of the rare Strip denizens that doesn't require a parking space hunt.
5	Look!  Eat here and experience great food.  Great food, and dirt cheap prices.  The quantity of food you receive will make it almost impossible to finish.  The people working there are great to chat with, and are good at making suggestions.  They have a market attached.  I wish they would offer cooking classes.
5	I'm a huge fan of Salem's, esp. with the opening of this new space. The restaurant, as someone else said, looks like a cafeteria but it's bright, clean and simple. The staff are courteous and service is fast.The food is great. Pretty decent spread of offerings from shish kabobs to tandoori's to schwarma (gyro). Naans, lassi's, mango drinks, pop also on offer. I prefer to stick with the schwarma myself and it always delivers.As for the market side, this is one of the best butchers in Pittsburgh - lamb, beef, steaks, chicken, goat at reasonable prices. I'm not strict about halal/kosher but I buy from here because I know the quality is good.
5	Great food at a great price. The quality and quantity of the food is tops as is the service. Friendly, helpful people behind the counter. The prices are so low as to be almost unbelievable. Did I mention the food is outstanding?  I wanted to savor every bit. I will definitely go next time I am in Pittsuburgh.
3	Generous portions and very inexpensive prices.  A somewhat confusing array of Middle Eastern and Indian foods, but all very tasty.  The market has some unusual items that you can't find anywhere else.
4	Great foods, i love biryrani and spicy chicken ! The owner(?) big young guy is so friendly.
3	I've only been here once, but plan on going back. My dish was only so-so, but my buddies was awesome. So 3 stars for now. Will update.
5	I'm a former chef & catering business owner. I am also 2nd generation Syrian. The food at Selem's reminds me of my grandmother's cooking. I could have no higher praise. The staff are all wonderful and take great pride in pleasing the customer and providing the best product possible.One of the hardest things to achieve in this industry is consistency. They have this aspect nailed. I know because my wife  and I are totally addicted and can't go longer than a few weeks without getting our 'fix' needed to quell the overwhelming craving that is satisfied only by the aroma and taste of their spectacular cuisine. Their butcher shop is amazing. The quality of meats is the best I have found in the city. Period. A traditional family & Syrian dish is Kibbeh Nayyeh. It is raw lamb, similar to the French style beef Tat Tar, but mixed with cracked wheat. We make this dish for special family events, and now I will only purchase meat for this dish from Selem's. I'm absolutely sure of the freshness, cleanliness and quality of all their meats.
5	It is really, really hard to find good lamb in the city.  Salem's takes care of that for you.  They do a great job with everything you could want.  Leg, boneless, I even saw a guy walking out with a lamb head, they will do it all for you.  The lamb is the best tasting and they will trim it down so it has no fat on it.  I loved it!  I went back the next time to try their lunch counter/dinner options of prepared meals.   Fantastic.  Their chicken gyro is not a "gyro" but a marinated piece of chicken.  I loved the marinate they put on it.  I had goat curry (which I have never tried) and loved it.  I plan on going back here to get all my meats in the future. I also heard a rumor they have grass fed beef if you ask for it.
5	Thank you to Yelp for helping me find this place while visiting for the weekend to watch a Phillies, Pirates Game back in April. Such a cool little place, I wish I could visit more often. Cafeteria style food on one side and an awesome market on the other side where you can watch them butcher your meat right in front of you. They have a fairly extensive collection of middle eastern food products.The food was fabulous. My wife and I had shawarma's and they were up there with the best I've ever had, and soo filling. They were great for a day of sighseeing. I always kinda worry that the staff in this type of place can be kinda indifferent and/or just make you feel awkward but these guys were super friendly. Also, they had these Lebanese non alcoholic malted fruit beverages called "Laziza" which were amazing! Its basically like a soda but not as sweet. I can't find them anywhere here in the Philadelphia and am definitely gonna get a couple cases next time I'm in town. Even if you're not looking to buy any goods from the market you should pop in and take a look... unless you're squeemish about seeing full animals with no skin. Lots of fun stuff over there. I can't wait to come back
5	Simply Awesomely Amazing!My friend and I were doing some strip shopping and looking for a place to grab some lunch. We are both vegetarians and weren't really feeling any of the street vendor offerings, then I remembered JB's mum raving about Salem's (her office is across the street so it's a frequent lunch spot for her). We decided to give it a go.My friend ordered a falafel which I was quite jealous of, it looked and smelled heavenly. The falafel was the size of a baby and it came with a separate pita and small container of hummus. I will definitely be returning for one in the near future. As for me, I opted for the veggie curry. I received a generous serving of basmati rice blanketed with garbanzos, carrots, and onions in a rich curry sauce. It was definitely enough to satisfy two meals. I also ordered JB a lamb shwarma to-go, an hour later it was still warm and didn't require reheating. After he ate the entire thing his reply was "That is one delicious lamb...in my belly!"
5	Very good food and very authentic! I felt like I was eating in Greece rather than in Pittsburgh. The hummus is delicious and I took some home to eat with a spoon. I would definitely recommend this place, it's quite an experience.
5	My rating is a 4.5 that gets rounded up to a 5.  You will definitely not be impressed with the cafeteria style atmosphere, but it is comfortable and you are there for the food, not the decor.Speaking of food, you get a ton of it for a great price.  The 2 curry, rice and vegetable combo is my favorite way to go.  I've had enough food to either indulge myself in one sitting and not have to eat another meal the rest of the day, or eat half, and then finish the rest as another meal later in the day - pick your poison.The best thing in my opinion is the chili chicken.  The beef and chicken samosas are delectable and the wraps are delicious too.The people working there were pretty nice as well.  Sometimes, they run out of a certain popular item and need to make a new batch, but they will bring it to your table as soon as it's ready to go.Shame I only found out about this place during my last few months in Pittsburgh, or else I can see myself eating here at least once a week on the regular.
1	Not clean Bad service RUDE and I will never go back. The restaurant smells bad
5	As a specialty market, this really is as good as it gets, especially in da burgh. I had been to Salem's in Oakland once seeking a specific item, and the staff there was incredibly helpful, and when they didn't have what I was looking for, they made a few good suggestions on where to find it. The check out guy was not only warm and friendly, but rather dreamy to look at as well.And then WAY back when they first opened, I went to the Strip version long before they opened the market side, and was not only drooling over the impressive line up of home made goods in the cafe line, but was also very impressed with the genuine friendliness of the staff - this was true friendly, not 'hi, welcome to Starbucks, here's your coffee, buh bye' friendly.  I ordered a few things for a quick lunch, and it was all incredibly fresh and flavorful, and the big burly guy with the shaved head and the sweet brown eyes talked to us like we were his new best friends. I'd not been there since the market side opened, and finally made it there today, and was truly even more impressive than I'd imagined. The cafeteria section grew, and it a true buffet of GOOD Middle-Eastern delights, both hot and cold, vegetarian and meat, meat, meat.  I picked up one of their rotisserie chickens, a container of hummous (some pita bread was free to go with it), and I was considering trying one of their own marinated and grilled steaks. I really just wanted to take a couple of raw steaks home to have on hand, but the butcher counter line was pretty long. So I started to order just a couple of the steaks raw, and they asked if I just wanted steaks from the meat counter in the market, and I said that I just didn't want to wait in line. So the cafeteria guy told me he'd get me a couple of steaks from the market counter, and he did. No huff, no attitude...true helpfulness. My friend ordered a chicken dish with a rice dish 'side', and a hummous, and the chicken and rice dish was enormous.Now, if I'd had time and energy to wait in the line for meat, I would have spent a small fortune. It's all Hallal meat, so it is slightly more expensive, but the quality can't be beat, and the variety is pretty amazing. Lamb, chicken, goat, beef, pork...and nearly every cut imaginable, including stomach and intestines, and fresh ripe red. I WILL be back to buy meat. The market itself has it ALL to make a perfect Middle-Eastern meal, from rices and cous cous, sauces, tahini, rose water, spices and seasonings, and in a greater variety and price range than other markets like Labad's in the Strip (which turned me off after a rant by the owner about gay people - 'I'll take their money, but I don't want to be their friend' - well, they get none of my money).Once home, I yanked off a chicken leg and thigh from the rotisserie chicken, and started dipping into the hummous. The chicken was perfect - juicy and beautifully seasoned in their own marinade - true yum.  The hummous was excellent for a basic hummous. I like mine a bit more on the garlic/lemon/olive oil side, but it certainly was not bland and boring, and the 'free' pita was perfect with it.My friend messaged me that what she had gotten was just as yummy, and she had enough to last several days. I will definitely be trying her chicken dish out one of these days. And when I'm not watching carbs, that dessert counter will be raided.The crowd was quite international, a breath of fresh air in da burgh, and I have to say, the Middle-Eastern eye candy - damned near as good as the food. But then, I've always been a sucker for a short, dark complected guy with jet black hair and a prominent nose. And I can't express enough - friendly staff. Helpful staff. Clean atmosphere, stocked shelves, and even a sign that says 'Don't talk to the butcher when he's at the sawing table' - which means - fresh. It's being cut right then and there. And even better and more amazing in the Strip - they have their own parking lot. I look forward to exploring more, and doing some serious cooking in the near future!Now to just connect with that new habibi....
4	Love the kofta kebab.
4	Salem's is a favorite of mine , especially because it's so close to my office.  They have the best gyros and fries in the city.  And the greek salad with lamb meat, and curry chicken is to die for.  Thumbs up
5	Yummmm! I am pretty sure I dream about their food. I love going there because it is a lot of good food for a great price! This place is no frills with delicious food (which is exactly what I prefer). I usually end up getting their goat dish because it is hard to find goat that is cooked well in Pgh. I have tried a number of their other dishes also. I definitely recommend Salem's.
5	I work a block away from Salem's, and I eat there twice a week.  Don't be fooled by the cheap, cafeteria style seating - everything at Salem's is incredible, whether you want a burger and fries, or more traditional Indian/Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food.  They have a large menu (posted above the counter) to order from, as well as about 20 feet of hot food waiting to be dished up from the counter.  Vegetarians have options such as vegetable curry, spinach, chickpeas, and hummus, but if you're like me, you want some meat!  Go ahead and try a lamb gyro, beef gyro, or some chili chicken.  They also have a great beverage selection, if you're into specialty sodas, juices, milks, or Snapple.Salem's isn't the classiest joint in the strip, but like I said, I'll take it multiple times a week!  The prices are great when you consider how large the serving sizes are, but healthy eaters can get smaller dishes as well.
4	I really like this place. I have gone there several times and the food on the restaurant side of the store is always fresh and good. The last time there I had the hummus (best in the burg) and spinach pie. Also had the chick pea salad , yummm! In the past I have had the chicken kabab, and kind of a chickpea stew served over rice. It is done steam table style so you can look over the food before you buy so you can try different things. Try the goat meat it's really good. The decor is like a cafeteria, so fancy it's not. The prices aren't fancy either. Two can eat for about $20, including a piece of baklava for dessert..If just rating the food I would give it 5 stars
5	ugh i love this place. ive been here enough times to know who gives huge portions and who doesnt. either way, the food melts in your mouth and is soooo cheap.i love the grilled chicken, saag paneer, lamb curry, chili chicken, and baked chicken (sundays only i think). PRO TIP: a whole box lasts at least two lunches. get a "small box" to get rice and one item for $4.95!
5	This place has delicious food at an affordable price.  Salem's is a no frills cafeteria style restaurant.  it has authentic cuisine from all over the Mediterranean. Helpful staff and did mention how good the food was?  Great for taking the family out.
2	My first impression was this store is a mess... finding a halal butcher in Pittsburgh is a pain... seems like this is the only option I've had.. some product are expired (again, watch out the ED!!)  The people working here was not nice.. I don't understand why they are mean.. well, at least one of them, not all of them. the quality of the meats is okay, just a bit pricey compare to what I have back in Houston. I hope I have had better luck next time.. or.. I hope I will find another halal butcher...
3	Shawrma was yummy.  But the parking here is a bit dicey if you use a wheelchair as I do (gravel lot, no dedicated ADA spaces).
4	The dining half of Salem's serves predominantly Indian food. The only Middle Eastern items are the meat and the chicken shawarma. I opted for the chicken shawarma sandwich which was about a foot-long and also filled with veggies and mustard. The mustard gave the sandwich an unusual yet interesting taste.I also tried the yogurt drink. As a warning, it is VERY salty. It's interesting to try but tough to finish unless you like salt...a lot.The market portion of Salem's has more items typical of Middle Eastern food. You'll find rice, pita, beans, and a myriad of sauces and spices characteristic of food from Arabia and South Asia. The largest part of the market is certainly the butcher's counter. (I'd like to clarify that Salem's has a butcher's counter not a deli counter). The meats are halal and priced comparable to Giant Eagle. They do sell a few deli meats but no where to the same scale at which they sell chicken, ground beef, goat, and other butchered meats.
5	love it
5	I would give Salem's 15 stars if Yelp let me. When my wife and I lived in Pittsurgh a few years ago, my wife lived next to Salem's Oakland location, and it was amazing. Everyone was extremely friendly and the meat from their butcher counter was excellent and fresh. We literally saw them bringing in the day's selection. So when we moved back to Pittsburgh and heard that they opened a new location in the Strip, we had to check it out. The Strip location is amazing. I can't speak for the grocery side, but the schwarma, grape leaves, baba ghanoush and curries we've gotten from there have been spectacular. Everything is fresh, hot, and declious. They also give you every dollar's worth of food, along with fresh pita and pita chips. Do yourself a favor and go eat at Salem's. Get a schwarma, a cup of their brewed iced tea, and enjoy. It's totally worth the trip to the Strip, and I definitely plan to be back.
4	Middle east ,indian ,pakistani food ...there is a meat shop too where you can buy fresh cut meat
5	I discovered Salem's nearly 3 years ago, after buying a Groupon for the place. When I walked in, I was suprised by the "cafeteria" set-up, with a large open area to sit and eat, a very casual atmosphere indeed. The menu was listed on a large board, with so many options I was overwhelmed. Most of the items listed I had: A. Never Heard of Before or B. Never Tried.  I was intrigued by the menu and everything smelled delicious, so I listened to the patrons infront of me in line, and went ahead with what they ordered-- the chicken schwarma. I had never tried Indian food before, but to me, it looked like a gyro and I was willing to try that-- the 2 ppl ahead of me liked it, so maybe I would to. At the end of the long counter of food options, was a section of dessert, so I took a piece of baklava and paid for my meal, which was just under $10. That's a pretty good deal I'd say, considering the large portions you get at Salem's. The schwarma had a mouth-watering smell-- definitely made with curry and other Indian spices and fresh, warm bread, I couldn't wait to dig in. I was suprised by the taste, it was so different from anything I'd ever had before, but I loved it! It was so good I tried to finish the whole thing, but there was no way, because it is a big portion of food, more than I could eat in one sitting. I was so satified with my meal, that I vowed to make it a regular spot for lunch if I was in the area.Over the last few years, I've been back many times and have tried other things, but I always seem to go back to my first love, the shwarma. **Also, the employees are so friendly, you feel very welcome there! I'm so glad that they offered a Groupon for this place, because I would've probably never tried it & just grabbed lunch at Peppi's or something "safe/norm", not knowing about it, but in my opinion, the food here is better!! Try it, you will be having sweet dreams of schwarma.
3	A-mazing chicken schwarma. The best. Their naan is also very good. Loved the cafeteria setting and enjoyed walking through the market.Only bad part: the parking lot beside the building is tight. Someone parked us in. Next time, I would look for street parking.Next time I go to Salem's I will be sampling the yummy looking middle eastern desserts.
5	I got the lamb nan shawarma, and it was delicious. I think I ate a third of it before I got full - it was HUGE. The nan/naan was nice and thick with lots of meat and veggies inside, and the garlic sauce is really good. The hummus was awesome as well, and I got a box of their assorted baklava to go. One of the guys are the counter kindly told me what all the different types of baklava were even though he was slightly busy doing something else. You can tell they're very family friendly, and this is definitely a gem in the strip district! If you're ever craving middle eastern food, you need to try it! PS I also heard they have the best butchers in the city? I'm not from Pitt so I'm only visiting whenever I'm there, but great for you locals!
4	The food is amazing here. The restaurant busy and the food is always fresh.. Today I got chicken curry, falafel sandwich and chicken samosas ... The samosas were okay  that's why I gave them 4 stars. But the curry and sandwich was amazing! I am going there again for sure .
4	I always have the chicken curry and can't stop eating until I have finished everything. Always walk out of there feeling way too full. Today I decided to keep it light and have a lentil soup and tabbouleh. It was delicious and I am full again! How did that happen?
5	My favorite is the chicken tikka masala and vegetable curry with their basmati rice. They fill your box as full as they can so you get a HUGE portion for just under $8. They also offer a smaller box for about $5. Their food smells just as amazing as it tastes, no matter what I get I love it. The workers are also very friendly and recognize the regulars, like me. Salem's is definitely the best of it's kind!
5	The food here is amazing!  I work nearby and come here at least once a week.  Even if you're not adventurous enough to try some of their Mediterranean dishes they have the most amazing burger!
4	Salem's is interesting.  It is a grocery store and cafeteria.  Styrofoam and plasticware.The food is very good and the portions are huge.  If you are a big eater, you are going to be stuffed.  If you are a smaller eater, you will be taking half your meal with you.Their tandoori chicken is amazing.  Their gyros are also good.
5	Salem's caters to Pittsburgh's Muslim community and its halal restaurant runs the gamut of food from the Islamic world, from Pakistan to Libya. But folks of all nationalities and religions come here for their tasty, filling lunches. Being more partial to Pakistani food myself, I usually get their curry-and-rice special; you can pick up to three different kinds of meat preparations with either plain basmati rice or biryani, and the vegetable of the day. You HAVE to try the goat curry; it's rich and soulful with tender meat. I also love the creamy chicken tikka masala and the neon red chicken tandoori. It's huge and you won't need dinner after! The market is great for your Middle Eastern and South Asian specialties, as well as your various halal meats; I grew up eating kosher meat and I think halal/kosher meat tastes cleaner than regular meat. Also a really cool selection of sweets that remind me of my childhood with my nominally Sephardic grandparents.A fun gem in the Strip!
3	UPDATE:  I went there for lunch today and had chicken tikka masala and it knocked my socks off, and it came with Chana Masala.  It was very good. So now they are A OK.  YUM!  Def give this place a try!This place is just OK.  It is not AOKI tried this place at 1:30 which was just after the lunch rush.  It smelled like heaven inside, but it was kind of dirty, I think they hadn't had a chance to clear the dining tables off.Salems was highly recommended by all my coworkers and a friend.  I am on an eternal quest for delicious hummus.  I love it.  Cant get enough.I ordered a lamb gyro and a side of hummus.  You get a number, and then you take a seat and they bring it out to you  And I waited.  And I waited.  And I waited.  And there wasn't really a line.  And it shouldnt take long to slap meat in some pita.So I went up to check the status of my food and the pita was just sitting there, they'd forgotten about it.  It's okay, it happens.  They made my food right away and... it wasn't good.i was really surprised.  They cut the meat off the spit and then put it on the grill, the result was very dry meat that tasted--weird.  Not good.  And the hummus was AWFUL.  I think it was made with rancid olive oil.  There was this odd spice to it, almost like black olives?  Only once before did I meet a hummus I didn't like and that was bc I made it and I decided to add cinnamon to my hummus.  Don't try that.  Go for cumin.Anyway, I was disappointed but the Indian food they also serve smelled and looked good enough for me to come back.  I'm going back today and will update my review.
4	I've never ordered something that I didn't love! The French fries are the best I've ever had!! Everything is so cheap and you get a TON of food! The staff is so friendly
4	The chicken/beef patties (Samosas) and pretty good, usually get some garlic sauce with it. I usually will grab some butter chicken, its not the type you would find in authentic Indian restaurants, but if your craving it, you cant go wrong for the price. Its nice of them to give pita bread for free, usually next to the register. I like the rotisserie chicken as well, like a touch of Boston market. From my experience everything's been fresh during morning hours and lunch time, towards evening time (or closing time) I would rather order something fresh off the grill like a cheese burger or sheesh kabab. I've still got many other dishes to try, but these are the ones that have worked for me.
2	I'm deducting a star because during the lunch hour they have rather serious issues with cleanliness.  While they have a person going around and emptying the trash bins, people are responsible for busing their own tables.  People never do a good job of bussing their own tables.  THE TABLES ARE NOT WIPED DOWN AT ALL.Not at all.  I have *never* seen anyone wipe a table down, and I've been watching for this.This means its very likely there will be rice or a smear of something funky left from the previous occupant of your table.  Also, I noticed they have a high chair in the dining room and it is absolutely disgustingly filthy.  It has never been washed.  There is caked dirt in it.  Who would sit their baby in this?The only saving grace is that the actual trays the food is served on are usually clean.  So that kind of helps.  But really, its rather gross.  I'm the kind of nut who does happen to carry a little baggie of Clorox wipes in my purse (usually for my phone) and I always wipe the table down.  next time I wipe my table down at Salem's I'll post a picture of it so we can all be grossed out together
1	I finally got sick from this place.There is a MAJOR cleanliness issue.  Picture dirty trays used by other customers piled two feet (yes) high on top of a trash can overflowing with garbage, immediately next to the utensils and napkins you're supposed to use.  I've never seen a single table wiped down between customers.There are flies flying through the dining room.There is the overwhelming scent of raw meat that wafts in from the equally disgusting grocery store.  The refrigerator coolers they keep raw chicken kabobs and such in are WARM to the touch. If this is what we see front of house, I dont want to know what goes on in the back.  I was extremely ill within an hour after eating here.  The food is good but I did not enjoy it the second time.I just can't ever bring myself to come back here.Also the high chair is covered in filth.  I can't imagine anyone seating their child in it.
4	Right on the strip this middle eastern market has wonderful cooking selection- best in the area. also provides great meals and sandwiches. Came here with my parents around a year ago, we bought pita bread, chicken, beef, and steak cuts.Then we headed to the cafeteria and got shawarma, gyros, and falafel sandwich. Relatively fast and tasted like it was made with the quality ingredients we came to the store for in the first place. Meat was tender, pita was well constructed not to spill. Love this place and will come again now that I live here.
5	Great food specially the biryani by special order! The biryani on the weekends is not that nice but by special order on weekdays is really good! Other food like kabas are also very tasty. Prefer going on weekdays less rush and better environment. Just loved it
4	Don't go here for the ambiance. Go for the delicious, cheap and plentiful food options. I would recommend the chicken shawarma w/ the french fries!! I think they double fry their fries...they are amazing, and I am usually not a french fry person. I also got the chicken tikka masala meal which was just okay. They use huge chunks of white meat and the sauce is poured over the rice, so it was on the dry side. Very large portion for around $8. The grape leaves were meh, probably some of the least favorite I have tried. Their galub jamun was super overdone.
