4	I know the owner through a friend and this place has reopened under the name White Cup Coffee. Sherrie is the owner and she is a very friendly and nice person and obviously has a bunch of regulars who come in daily for drinks and breakfast and lunch. It is family friendly as well as I have seen alot of moms toting kids after working out and there is never usually a line at any point of the day. I cannot vouch for the food yet, but she does have a daily special of the day (It was meatloaf today for $5.95) and a bunch of sandwiches including her famous egg salad. I usually have some iced beverage and my order has either been the Mocha Frappe or the Iced Mocha, both for about $4 each. They were very tasty and she doesn't skimp on the size either - they are all  large. You can sit at the counter or pick among smaller tables, couches and even an easy chair or take your stuff outside to the tables there. It's in a strip mall, but the White Cup Coffee sign is very visible and it's next to pizzeria. This is a great alternative to chain places and if you go in there enough, Sherrie will make you feel like one of the family and her family is always in there too.
5	Great coffee, and they made me a great custom vegan sandwich!
4	Finally tried the food and the cheesesteak special was pretty good, but it won't be cracking my top 10 list. It is the Wednesday special and served with a drink and potato chips for $5.95. This version was served on Sourdough with peppers and the cheese was mixed into the meat as a proper cheesesteak should be made. Solid sandwich and a good local coffee place still. She now stays open until 4pm on some days - check the Facebook page.
5	Was looking for a spot to get a coffee fix and some work done while I waited for my next meeting and found this little gem on Yelp!  Great coffee, friendly folks and free wifi.  Fits the bill perfectly!  Looks like they have a breakfast and lunch menu so I'll be coming back to sample that soon!
5	Was in the area so decided to stop in, glad we did! Great food and coffee and very friendly staff. We will definitely be returning very soon!
4	located across the street from the Vig, this little coffee shop serves a great latte and a decent breakfast sandwich.Very friendly staff and some comfy seating if you like to lounge with your cuppa joe
4	My goal at White Cup Coffee was simple, grab a coffee and go. It was an in and out mission. No messing around... but then I saw them. Like glorious twirling hypnotic pinwheels of goodness they immediately controlled my gaze. Cinnamon Rolls.On a scale from one to ten, my love for cinnamon rolls is somewhere around a 62. If I see them, I must have them. There's a funny thing about cinnamon rolls though, they're not all good... Weird right? Finding the best cinnamon rolls takes time and perseverance. It's not an easy task, but someone has to do it, and I will sacrifice my waist line for you in order to find excellent rolls of cinn.  The cinnamon rolls at White Cup Coffee are made in-house. This, of course, is mandatory to be considered for the upper echelon level of cinnamon roll greatness.  I ordered mine to-go. When the moment finally came to eat it, there was some slight disappointment. The cinnamon roll had to be heated before eated... Sometimes, but rarely, a cinnamon roll can be eaten cold. However, in my experience, it's best to have them warm and soft to the touch. It seemed that for now, I'd have to wait...Tonight I popped that bad boy in the microwave (unfortunate it came to that). It was very good though. The icing was of the cream cheese variety (my fave). The roll itself wasn't as gooey as I like, but it's tough to judge after it's been sitting around all day. Overall, I'd call the White Cup cinnamon roll a success. Of course... I will have to do more research. Another visit will be required to know for sure. And then maybe another visit, just to be Really sure. Oh... I forgot to mention... they had coffee. It was good.
4	I've been wanting to try this place for a while so ended up scheduling a business meeting there during the week.  I was warmly greeted by the owner who got me started with a delicious cup of cinnamon-spiked coffee followed by a yummy bowl of oatmeal.  My client had a skinny latte and a cinnamon roll, which she thoroughly enjoyed as well.  I like to support independent coffee shops (as opposed to SBUX) and I noticed a lot of folks who seemed to be regulars, which is always a good sign.This is a great little joint with good coffee, good food, and good service.  I'll be back soon and recommend it highly!
5	I had posted a review when this place was still called "The Coffee Lady"The coffee is stellar (try the Vienna latte), and my absolute favorite place to grab a drink despite the numerous little mom and pop coffee joints in Arcadia.  If you like Chai latte's, I encourage you to try theirs... you will never order one anywhere else.  I promise you!!The customer service here is so warm and welcoming. The owner Sherry has great interaction with her other customers and I can tell there are already a lot of regulars here.  Great place!!
4	The husband and I went here this morning as part of the coffee tour of Phoenix! I had been wanting to try this little place for awhile, so I was excited to go. The inside of the shop is very cute, which you may not guess when you see the exterior. After reading about the 'Vienna latte' I was curious what that was, so here is the skinny: Vienna latte = latte, cinnamon, and vanilla syrupSpanish latte = latte, cinnamon, condensed milkWe got one of each. I thought the Spanish latte was way better than the Vienna, it was less sweet and tasted wonderful, but the Vienna was good too. I like that they have some original coffee drinks. I would definitely come back here.
5	Awesome place to hang out and drink excellent coffe, I love this place and their local feel. Try the pie and baked goods AMAZING!
4	I have the privilege of living right across the street from the "White Cup Coffee". I felt at home as soon as I walked in there. I am in there every other day or so. Breakfast is good. Ice coffee is excellent   And it is mellow so I am able to get some writing done
5	Went for my lunch break today. Friendly and delicious! Espresso has wonderful flavor and she didn't overdo the syrup on my one pump nonfat pumpkin spice latte. Will for sure be going back!
5	friendly, attentive staff, good coffee, delicious cinnamon rolls, and lots of regulars that say this place is worth coming back to!
5	I feel like Norm from "Cheers" when I walk in; not only do they know my name, they know my drink!The owner, Sherri, and her barista's are very friendly.  They have a wonderful homey/comfy atmosphere.
5	This is a great little spot to come in for your morning. We had some OJ and the breakfast sandwich -scrambled eggs with ham and cheese. Everything was quick and delicious. The staff are very nice and it was a great place to discover. Can't wait to go back!
5	In the neighborhood this morning for a meeting and other party was late, so I Yelped coffee places. What a jewel! Owner greets you at door, upholstered chairs beckon, cinnamon bus make it smell like an idealized Grandmas kitchen. Cappuccino was very good; atmosphere even better. I'll be back...
