4	I've eaten at Five Guys both in New Jersey (loved it) and Henderson, NV (average), and I was waiting for this Summerlin location to open up, as it's about a block away from my work. Given that it just opened, it's clean and inviting, and the staff is welcoming and enthusiastic. The manager seemed to very much be on top of quality control for the food that went out.I ordered:1 regular-size bacon cheeseburger (2 patties), with grilled mushrooms, grilled onions, jalapenos, and steak sauce1 regular-size order of fries (good for 2-3 people, easily)1 large drinkThe burger was juicy and delicious, without being overly greasy. Their patties aren't too large, so their standard 2 patties are about the equivalent of one regular-sized Smashburger. I would've preferred a bit more sauce, but they don't go so heavy on the toppings that it overpowers the burger's flavor.The fries were fresh from the fryer, and although they ostensibly put them in a large cup, as is standard with Five Guys, they pretty much overfill the cup and fill up the entire bottom half of the bag with fries. Great if you love fries, and their fries are really good (I love skin-on fries), but don't expect to finish them all by yourself.They use a dial-a-drink soda machine, which I love for the variety and customizability, and I like to take advantage of that by getting drinks you don't find everywhere - in this case, Cherry Vanilla Mr. Pibb Zero.Overall, I had a good experience. This Five Guys location is definitely better than their Henderson location (maybe because it's newly-opened?), and it'll be good competition for Smashburger and In-N-Out right down the road.
5	Since this store opened a couple of weeks ago, I've eaten there twice.  Both times the food was excellent and the service spectacular.  I've eaten at a number of 5 Guys locations and this one is maybe the best yet.  I noticed that the volume of the crew was a bit louder than other locations, but there were many more people on staff.  My guess is that it was a training thing, so I didn't let it detract from my rating.The store manager was anxious to know if we had a good experience and really went out of her way to get feedback, which I gladly gave.I'm a huge fan of Five Guys fries.  A trick to ensure that yours don't get soggy is to dump them into the bag your meal came in, then tear off one of the sides of the bag.  By doing this your fries can breathe and won't sweat (making them soggy), thereby staying nice and crisp .Ordered first visit:1 Cheeseburger all the way, no mayo.1 Regular fry1 regular drinkOrdered second visit:1grilled cheese with a patty, grilled onions, lettuce, tomato and bbq sauce1 Regular fry1 Regular drink.
5	The food is amazing, and the service is spectacular. Greeted and order taken by Ashley, very outgoing and a good addition the the Five Guys staff. The management seem to be outgoing and greeted us at our table to check on our visit.This is definitely a spot I will visit often. Love the friendly service.
5	This place is extremely good and priced very well. Cool coke machines, good cheeseburgers (free toppings) and free peanuts (like in the mid-west). The place also seems 1000x bigger than when Create was there. All the employees were VERY nice and helpful.
3	Love their online ordering app! So easy to use, order exactly what you want and pay for it with a card. By the time you walk to your car and drive there, your order is ready for you. Just go to the pick-up counter and tell them your name. I love their hot dogs way more than their burgers and I would give them 4 stars but their customer service is a bit lacking.Every time I go to pick up my online order, I'm standing at the pick up counter for minutes before somebody acknowledges me. They all face the counter when they're working so its like they all pretend i'm not there. The other day, I had to finally tell the fry girl to hand me my order after standing there for about five minutes. She apologized and said "oh, I didn't know you were waiting for that." I just walked away and smiled but wanted to say, "well, you could've just simply asked if I needed help." but whatevs. Not all burger places have the same level of service that INO has so I should just get over it.
4	the best hamburgers in town, but the lady screaming every 10 seconds is annoying, please quiet!!!
5	The same great food I have come to expect from other Five Guys locations - but a lot closer to home. Great service, tasty food and that outstanding drink machine that allows you to choose from a list of flavors to add to your drink. About the only drawback is sparse parking - but the restaurant can't really fix that.
4	Burgers are home made. Fries are cut fresh daily and deep fried perfectly. They also serve fresh peanuts that u grab yourself from a huge bin and enjoy while u wait for your food, which isn't very long.
3	I don't think I am ready to give Five Guys five stars. Or even four for that matter. Sure, the burger was good. I dig a regular having two patties. It seemed fresh enough. It came out quick. But I don't know what the hype is all about. Maybe it is that you can order any toppings you want and customize your burger the way you want it rather than ordering the standard. That sets it apart from most other buger joints. I made the mistake of not ordering enough on mine. Maybe next time. I will be back. I'd like to try the cajun fries. I hear good things. But honestly, the burger, while good, may be over priced for my taste. This is a fast food place afterall. Not five star dining.
3	Let's see, I will have to give this 3 stars based on fast food burgers in general. I have been to Five Guys 4 times now. I first tried it in Alabama, now here in Vegas. What I like most about this place is it's usually very clean, fast/good service and the food is good. The best thing in my opinion is the buns. I usually don't like really soft buns, but they are good and they toast the inside. This place is awesome because you can choose whatever you want to put on the burger unlike most places, where you have to ask to have things taken off. The also have fresh beef, never frozen. The patties are very tasty, I just they would come a little more rare. A lot of people love the fries, and they are good...but I am a thin fry kind of girl. But they do have malt vinegar to dip your fries in, which is really good. If you haven't tried this place yet, you should. If you like In and Out, you'll like this place as well. But oddly enough, I'm not a fan of In and Out.
3	I have been very curious since they opened to do my own comparison between Five Guys' burgers and Smashburger.  Verdict: in this category of fast-casual, I like Smashburger much better.Five Guys has a nice concept.  You can really customize your burger with whichever toppings you would like and even customize your soda.  Everything tasted fresh and service was extremely friendly - someone checked on our table twice to see if we needed anything.  I had sauteed onions, bacon and BBQ sauce.  The bacon was crisp and generous, but the bun, though soft, was less substantial than I like for my burger.  The fries were a great texture, though I didn't personally care for the cajun seasoning and would get plain if I returned.In all, not a gourmet burger, but a step up from strictly fast food.
4	The fries came out really fresh we tried both the regular and the cajun fries.  It's nice to buy a burger and not have to pay for every little topping that you put on.  The double cheese burger was very filling.  We also had a bacon and cheese hot dog and that was also very good but not as filling.  The staff was very friendly and walked around at least two times asking if we needed anything else and we where only there for a short time.
4	The first time I went in here they had peanuts all over the floor.  Since I walk wth a cane I didnt like it.  I already have obsticles let alone peanuts on the floor so I can slip and fall.  I gave them a 2nd try and the floors were spotless.  Now to the food, the burgers are good and they do offer alott of condiments but they are over priced, the fries were good but they are overpriced also.  The coke machine they have in there is great.  It is a limited machine that offers you about 12 different types and drink then it offers you flavorings, ever try a orange Coke, yummy.  Be prepared to spend just for 1 person a single cheese burger, small frie, small drink, and tax $12.50.  Not a cheap lunch
3	I am a big fan of 5-guys, love the simple concept of their menu; you get burgers and hotdogs; you are able to customize your food but don't get too fancy they are a proud USA only company and you won't find any fancy pants Swiss Cheese here. I like that they have the location of where there potatoes are from. I always laugh when I walk in look at the location and say the fries last week from Barron County Wisconsin were so good I hope these guys from .....Idaho can compete;  I always get a surprised look from the people around me in line and its hilarious. The burgers are top notch and unless you are starving only go for a single; anything else is going to be way to much. Oh yeah and if you are there with friends only order one fry for two people.  They fill up the cup; put it into a bag and then add another scoop on top of that. The last time I was there I tried one of their hot dogs and it was top notch and if I can't find my new favorite Food Truck I will be coming here for a hotdog;  I've told this story a few times as well when asked about this restaurant and it goes to show you how good their food is here; when this chain came to Omaha it was a 30 minute drive from my side of town.  My friend dragged me out there and it blew me away. The very next day I drove my father out there and he loved it and asked that I take him out there the next day. I ate this restaurant and food three days in a row and loved every meal I had there.  I was so glad when they opened a store near my dads house as that saved me a lot of gas money. 5-guys is always worth a visit and you won't leave disappointed!
3	Thank God they have carry-out because I couldn't wait to get out of there. I don't get what's up with the weird way the employees yell the orders back and forth. It was excessively loud, irritating and completely unnecessary. Maybe the point is to drive your customers out the door as quickly as possible. If so, it worked perfectly.As for the food, it was tasty and well-prepared, if a tad overpriced. But it in no way compensated for the verbal assault I just endured. Once was more than enough. If I feel the need for a burger again, In N Out is friendly and spares my nerves.
5	Great burgers with all the toppings you could want, good fries, complimentary peanuts and the best soda machine ever!!!  It's like In & Out on steroids.
3	Last night was a pivotal moment in my fast food dining experiences. I finally tried Five Guys Burgers.  Five Guys burgers taste superior to the burger chains. It ought to considering that a cheeseburger, medium fries, and medium coke is approximately $12.  This is why I am a fan of Five Guys food. The thick and juicy cheeseburger that is cooked in front of you is favorable to the tastebuds. With the exception of beacon, the toppings are complimentary.  The fries that are served in a cup are quality. Five Guys stands by their fries and proudly displays where they came from. There is not a few choices of fountain Coke A Cola. There are 108 flavors. I recommend Peach  Fanta and Strawberry Sprite. For the record, before you order, you have the option of filling a cup with complimentary peanuts.  If you don't have a headache, Five Guys is an upbeat environment. The food is prepared in front of your eyes. The cooks get really into it and scream out the orders when they are ready for you to pick up. They communicate out loud when they cook the food. I would hear them shouting out the famous John Belushi catch phrase, "cheeseburger cheeseburger." Depending if you have a headache and your mood, the yelling in the open kitchen can be entertaining or it can be annoying. The best thing happening in the kitchen is the food being prepared in front of you.  The dining area is brightly lit. The walls display framed accolades on Five Guys from major newspapers. The restaurant has sufficient seating and two Coke machines.  When you add the service and lower the price Five Guys is worthy of four stars. The employees were helpful, put on a good show in the open kitchen, and were friendly to the point of showing me where an electric outlet was and volunteering to dump our trash.   Five Guys is pricey. If it was less expensive it would be 4 stars. As it currently stands I rate Five Guys 3 &1/2 stars.
5	Good food and great service. They know how to make me happy. They have that awesome computerized Coke machine with lots of flavors.
5	best burger.priceybut worth it...fries are delish.
4	I love this place. The cajun fries are the best, and the so called little burger is pretty damn good too. The portions are massive. There's NOTHING little about the little burger, and the regular frie is enough for two. The only thing I'm not a fan of is the price.  It's a little on the high side.
3	Still not too sure if they are top 5 best burgers.....but those cajun fries are very tasty!! a must!!!
3	their customer service is great, as far as the rave about their burgers? well I'm giving them 3 stars. They were average, nothing special. Just a bigger patty with overloads of toppings. The bread was really fragile and fell apart as soon as you take a bite. So a bit messy. I'd say better than a fast food burger, like Carl's jr or jack n box, but not better than IN N OUT! plus they cost 3x more expensive than IN N OUT.
5	Way better than In and Out, but at $6 a double burger I'd expect as much. There's no drive through and be sure to get the smallest size fries possible ($3.99) as it's enough for 4 people and get them Cajun style.
4	Don't overdo the toppings or you'll have to be eating off your foil. The thing I like is that the burgers are juicy but I kinda don't like it being wrapped in foil since if you're not eating it right away, it will get smashed and soggy. This I feel is more of a eat here fresh burger and not take out. I like getting A-1, mushrooms, onions and fresh jalapenos on mine. It's my favorite combo of toppings to do at home and glad theres a place I can have it made when I don't feel like grilling myself. The thing I like best though is the fries. I like semi thick, somewhat crunchy somewhat soft inbetween fries. I don't know why, but I can eat just a bag of fries and be perfectly content. The only minus is no brewed ice tea and while the soda machine is novelty cool, I actually don't drink soda. This is my 2nd place I've had Five Guys in Vegas and maybe my 4th time overall. I think I'm generally a fan despite not being a burger person really. Bagful of fries though - yes, please!
5	These are the happiest, friendliest employees on earth. I had never been to Five Guys- I was a confirmed in and out guy. No more. This is the best burger, killer spicy fries, and best team I have ever experienced. How day do dat?The best.
5	Try the frys no salt!  You can taste the true potato fry that way!!  It has been great the this establishment has comed to Nevada.  I am sure that others would agree.  They typically give a a lot of frys.  Hopefully the West Flamingo location reads this.  They have been lacking in this department in my 5 recent visits.  The burgers are great, the selection of toppings is a bonus.  Add uncooked green bell peppers and you get a nice crisp surprise.  I have turned others I know to Five Guys Burgers and they have thanked me.
5	In-n-out on steroids. The burgers and fries are made fresh and openly in front of you. A wide assortment of topping options. Don't forget the hot dogs too. The fries are thick and soft to my liking. The Cajun version is super tasty, but beware of the spice
3	Second time trying Five Guys since they opened, and I don't see myself going back anytime soon.  It's not that the burger or the fries aren't  good and I appreciate all the toppings offered but for the price I'd rather have a restaurant burger in a more enjoyable atmosphere.  The couple in front of  me with their toddler rung up at $30.  It's just overpriced for a fast food burger in my opinion.
3	They took out a decent burger joint (Create) and put in the burger place that everyone raves about.  I'm pretty happy with the Smashburger down the street for my fast food burger needs, but I thought I'd give it a try.  It was good, but I'm afraid it just didn't blow me away.  Smashburger seems to be slightly cheaper, and with a much better taste.
3	As a local Californian, I'd been hearing rumblings for quite some time that there was a new game in town-- that my beloved In-N-Out had competition in the form of Five Guys.  Well, I finally gave Five Guys a shot when we went out to Vegas a few months ago.  There is no comparison to In-N-Out.  None.  (Other than maybe the color scheme).  In-N-Out wins, 10 hands down.  (That's all of the hands of each of the 5 guys.)  I will give Five Guys credit for excellent customer service.  Employees are attentive and walk around to check up on whether you need anything.  The soda machine is the best.  It's like a video game.  You can concoct thousands of different soda combinations. (Pick your "base soda" of Sprite/Diet Sprite/Coke/Diet Coke/Root Beer etc. and then add flavors orange/lemon/lime/strawberry/peach etc.)As for the burger, it is no In-N-Out burger,  The burger here was just "OK" for me.  It tasted more like a Whopper, if I had to compare it to another chain restaurant burger, and I didn't care for it at all.  The bun got kind of soggy.  There are quite a few topping options, to customize your burger.  My husband enjoyed getting jalapenos on his burger.   The free peanuts were a nice touch.  It's nice to nom nom on them while you wait for your food.I'm glad I went, so I could finally put to rest my curiosity about this place.  I won't rule this place out for a return visit, but it won't be at the top of my list.
3	Here it is.5 Guys makes a good burger,  but its not as good as In N Out. It's  not as good as Tommy's.  It 's not as good as any number of places here in Vegas. Why ?  While the burgers are big - they simply lack in FLAVOR,  in my opinion. In N Out,  Tommy 's,  and Fatburger have flavor - their own unique flavors. You know it when you taste it.I don't fault the overall construction of the burgers,  but the patty tastes bland to me.To the fries. Overkill, if you get a regular size and your by yourself. A regular size order will feed two easily. If you go by yourself - try the small. The Cajun fries are not hot,  the spices are Very mild in my opinion. The free salted peanuts you can eat while waiting are actually  ( for me anyway )  better than the fries.The burgers are good,  but not outstanding. 3 stars from me.
4	Good food, decent service however the music is so dang loud it's hard to hear the company you keep at the table!
3	save ur money guys!!! the burger at five guys burger and fries is not as good as how people are raving about it. the services was crappy. when I went, there where only 3 tables occupied and it took forever for them to give me my order. but the food, it was good. tasty fries!!! the burger is another thing. the meat is overcooked and the bun is dry. to make the matters worst, the cheese is not even melted and it seems like they just put it on the top center of the burger and served it. the high point is that they have free peanuts!!!
5	My family and I love five guys, however even tho this is the closest to my home, the past year  when  we  craved  five guys  we made the effort to drive further to a different location because of prior experiences.I can tell you this, the atmosphere with the workers is definitely a better one and the management definitely took care of me with the given situation.Over a year ago, on two separate occasions they had messed my order up. First time I ordered in person, when I paid my orders were correct on screen, but when placed in the bags, the stickers on the burgers did not match the tickets outside the bag, and unfortunately, with hungry children, they just start grabbing & eating whatever they thought was theirs. The second time the order was placed online, I had to wait 30 minutes for pick up, that was fine we had at least 6 burgers  again, when I got there of course it wasn't ready, and management didn't do anything to acknowledge that. I ended up waiting another 30 minutes, even tho I told them to make sure the burgers are marked correctly, the same issue happened. thank God that manager is no longer there. I complained on the website & the district manager responded & offered to replace a third of the meal. I love the burgers, but not enough to experience the same customer service hence the reason for not returning. Most  places  only  honor  offers  like these  for a  limited  time. I  explained  to situation  to  the new  manager &  he  understood  and  made  sure  we  were  taken  care  of and  he  did  just that.  finally  no  more  in &  out  for  us  when we  want good  burgers =)
3	Was craving a great burger for dinner and had heard a lot about Five Guys but never been.  I decided to try them out.  I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and fries.  I was pretty disappointed that they didn't sell shakes.  Scratch that.  I was very disappointed that they didn't sell shakes.  I was actually kind of surprised.  I can't remember the last burger joint I was in that didn't have shakes.  The food did take a while to arrive but the burger was definitely worth the wait.  Best fast food burger I've had in a long time.  Definitely better than In'N'Out in my opinion.  However, the fries were some of the worst I've ever tried.  Anywhere.  And I've had french fries in a hospital cafeteria.  That's saying a lot.  I don't think they were fully cooked and they were so drowned in oil they felt soggy in my mouth.  I don't know if it was this location or what. So that paired with the fact they don't serve shakes is the reason I'm giving them 3 stars.  Service was good and burger was amazing though.
4	This place is a bit on the pricey side, but the food is delicious. You have to buy everything separate, with each burger costing $8.00 or less. Then factor the drinks in. We ended up ordering a large fry, and split the large between 4 people. It was enough so that works out. For four people it ended up being about $45.00. The Cajun fries are the way to go when ordering. This is not a place to eat everyday if you're wallet conscious like myself, but every once in a while it could be a nice treat!
4	They vegan option so much better then IN-N-OUTs so much more stuff to pile up on a meatless burger. Also the fact that they give the free peanuts i think i filled up on those before my food was even ready. The first time i went it was perfect, second time asked for no cheese and got home melted cheese everywhere :( so I will try again but hopefully it doesn't happen again.
5	Delish burgers and best bacon, salty, thick, and smokey.  And no charge for all the extra toppings.  I like how they post where the potatoes come from, it's nice to know what and where I'm putting into my body.  The fries are a little under cooked for me, I like mine extra crispy so I put them in the oven at home.   Extra friendly staff, simple atmosphere and good free peanuts to nosh on before your meal.
3	Man, I love a burger. Nothing makes me as happy as a delicious, cheesy burger, perfect fries, and an ice cold drink. It's seriously the best way to raise my spirits. The burgers here are pretty good. They're cooked well, the toppings are good, and they're pretty big. The regular order of fries is way too big for me, so I try to stay away from it. The cool soda machine that allows for a million drink combinations is pretty cool, though I always end up with Sprite and peach flavor. IDK. In short, I like the food here. So why three stars? This place is expensive for what it is. It's a little burger joint, NBD, located close to an In N Out and Smashburger. Both places serve amazing burgers for better prices. I went to Five Guys a few days ago and spent $24 on two burgers and two fries. Seriously. I coulda gone to Applebee's and done their 2-for-$20 deal I love so much. The prices here are too expensive for what it is.
5	OMFG.. I tried their burger for the first time few weeks ago when my boyfriend took me for lunch. He ordered for me since I had no clue as to how to order. I took one bite of the burger and it just melted in my mouth! My boyfriend also ordered the Cajun fries and I was kind of hesitant at first because I thought the Cajun seasoning was going to burn my mouth. Well it didn't. I had a few and it started to get spicy for me so I started dipping it in ketchup and it toned the spiciness down. Yummy!!!
5	Oh me, oh my, there is a Five Guys near me now!  Oh happy day!We were heading over to a different place for lunch when we saw that a Five Guys had moved in next door.  Sorry other place, you just got bumped for Five Guys!First let me tell you that I am a burger lover.  I am always trying to find a great burger wherever I  am.  When I was in Kenya a couple of years back, I almost died because there weren't burger places in the Safari-lands.  I went 3 weeks without a burger and almost died, I swear!  So whenever I find a great burger joint, it makes my day and I love to spread the word.So we walked into the store and all you can smell is wonderful, meaty goodness.  I knew my mind was about to be blown and boy was it!  We walked up to order and that is when I saw the wall of options you can get on your burger for no extra charge.  You can go simple or crazy and everything is the same price.  I love condiments, so I was really happy with the extra options like A1, BBQ, and hot sauce.  Life needs spice, so might as well add it to the burger, right?We waited a few minutes for our burgers and that is when I saw the Coca-Cola machine of my dreams.  So many options to customize your drink.  I love soda, almost as much as burgers, so I was in heaven.  It was almost overwhelming to have so many options.  I was just happy that I was able to try out several different soda combinations during our visit.  I think I drank my entire month's allotment of soda during this one visit, but it was worth it baby!And then the fun began because our burgers were ready.  The first bite of my delicious burger made me see stars, in a good way.  I even chewed slowly to make the moment last longer.  I had juices and sauces all over my face and running down my hands, but I was in love.  Sorry hubby, the burger may have bumped ahead of you on my love meter!Now every burger needs some fries and the fires here do the job well!  They do a cute thing here by posting where the potatoes that your fries are made out of were grown.  It is fun to know such a little detail.  My fries came from Boise, ID, in case you were wondering.  We each got an order of the Five Guys Style and the Cajun flavor and loved both of them, but we only needed one order between the 3 of us.  I think one order would feed a small family, so keep that in mind when you order your fries.  They were great fries though.  You can tell that they are fresh cut and fried right away.  They were yummy and delightful.Another thing I really liked was that they label each burger.  It is nice just to look for your burger # on the top of the burger, than having to open each lovely present to check and see if it is yours or not.  Great idea Five Guys!So yes, I have a new burger place for when I am on the go.  I am lucky that one isn't too too close, otherwise I might end up being 500lbs.  If you haven't tried Five Guys, go do it now!
4	It's too bad Create (another decent burger place) had to close, and another Five Guys pops up in its place.  But luckily, I don't mind Five Guys!  Now this one is SUPER CLOSE to my home, a five minute drive away.  When I'm feelin' greasy cheesy...I can head over to this Five Guys for a fix!This Five Guys is just like every other Five Guys here in Vegas.  Burgers.  Fries.  Free peanuts.  And that damn cool Coca Cola machine (which is more like a robot) that serves umpteenthousand combinations of your favorite sodas and soft drinks.  I like it!Yes, Five Guys remarkable reminds one of another great burger joint in Vegas, In N Out Burger.  While the premise is similar, the reality is far different.  I love, love, love In N Out (UNLV memories abound) but Five Guys brings in a beacon of change!  You can eat hearty for a measly pennance.  If you leave here NOT full, it's totally your fault.The menu is pretty straight forward with burgers, cheeseburgers, bacon burgers, and bacon cheeseburgers.  Burgers come standard at close to a half pound, or you can opt for you burger in 'little' which comes in closer to a quarter pound.  Either way, with your toppings your possibilities are almost ENDLESS!  You can create about 250,000 combinations with the choices of free toppings offered:-Mayo-Lettuce-Pickles-Tomatoes-Grilled onions/regular onions-Grilled mushrooms-Ketchup-Mustard-Relish-Jalapeno-Green peppers-A1-BBQ sauce-Hot sauceYou like change?  Go for it!  The world is your oyster.  I personally love grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayo, and A1 on mine!  Flavor city my friends.  Some folks are purists and love just meat, cheese, bun, mayo, mustard, and ketchup.  But folks like me go all out and do a little bit of everything.  Luckily the burgers aren't frozen but fresh, and grilled right in front of you.  So they taste pretty damn good!  Burgers here don't come with fries so don't forget to order a large cup of these hand-cut beauties.  I really do like the cajun style, and they are great to dip in malt vinegar!  But ketchup will do as well.  And while you're waiting for your order, don't forget to grab a tray of free roasted peanuts for snacking!  Do like some folks and take an entire paper bag home!  With a burger, fries, and a regular drink, depending on your burger and the size of your fries and drink, it will set you back around $9.  Nope, not the cheapest by any means but still change for what you're getting.  This burger could probably count for 2 meals if you really wanted it to (I particularly don't because I'm a piggy).  And compared to a night at a Gordon Ramsay pub?  A steal!Five Guys also does hot dogs and a few sandwiches like a grilled cheese and a BLT.  But I say stick with the burgers for a sure thing.  Service here is always quick, but I never feel rushed especially when I decide all those toppings I want on my burger.  The wait is not usually long except maybe during some lunch rush hours.  I hungrily anticipate that brown paper bag with the oil stain just seeping through the paper.  Goodness ensues!  And a run on the treadmill too.
4	The burgers were great!  French fries were good too.  Didnt like the distraction of the employees shouting out at frequent intervals. Whats the point?  It was annoying. Other than that it was a good experience.
4	Use the app and place your order before you arrive. Works great.
5	First... They have great burgers and fries. Second... When they found out I had to put my dog to sleep (cancer) they volunteered to make him a last meal for free..... Double cheese with bacon and French fries! The old guy loved it! Awesome customer service guys, I will be a lifetime customer.
5	I love 5 guys! And they are right around the corner from me!! The prices are a little more but worth every cent.
4	This place is really great, fresh ingredients, and the price is right, similar to in-n-out I think.
2	I was once asked during a job interview how I handle stress and my answer was "potato chips."  Not the healthiest response, but it is illustrative of my love of potatoes.  Until today, I thought it extended to all forms, but I was mistaken.  I do not love the fries at Five Guys.  They were plain and mushy.  The best part was the ketchup.I had the grilled cheese, so I can't comment on the burgers.  The grilled cheese was sad and I didn't finish it.  The soda machine stressed me out.  The whole experience made me miss Create (the place that used to be there) and question President Obama's judgment when it comes to fast food.I gave it two stars because it was clean and the girl working the cash register was very nice.  I won't be going back.
1	Food is fine. They always book you for a large or extra large of everything unless you specify. They will not offer different portions. Large pet peeve of mine, buyer beware. Food is fine though.
4	Love love love their hot dogs!! You gotta try it, yes its a bit more expensive than most people would usually spend on a hot dog, but I think its worth it!
5	I love five guys!! The Cajun fries are the best and the burgers are great. Everything is made as you order it, so always fresh. The workers are always friendly and offer extra things like peanuts or a water cup if they see you waiting. Love it!!
4	When it comes to fast food burgers, Five Guys is at the top of my list!Once you walk in, you're instantly greeted by a pretty loud roar from all the employees..."THREE IN THE DOOR!". You can then make your way towards the line of potatoes and grab some free peanuts to munch on while waiting for your food. There's only a few choices and the burgers can be ordered with any number/combination of toppings you choose. The fries come in a few sizes but even the smallest can be shared as you end up getting a bag full anyway.When it comes to the burger, I can't think of any fast food burger in town that I like more. I get mine somewhat simple and order the bacon double with grilled onions & mushrooms, mustard, jalapenos and extra cheese. When they make it right, which they usually do, this is a ridiculously good burger. The meat is tender, juicy, flavorful and reminds me of a homemade, grilled burger. For a fast food joint, the toppings always seem extremely fresh and they have really good jalapenos. The fries are also super tasty, both the Five Guys style and Cajun style. As a fast food spot, they'd easily deserve 5 stars if the prices weren't so high. It's not hard to spend over $20 for two people, even when sharing fries and a drink. But they do have good food, their employees always seem friendly and helpful, plus they have the cool soda machines which are fun to use. I'm a Five Guys fan and will continue to come back when I'm craving a good burger!
3	We tried them for the first time. The service was good but the food was not as good as we expected. We did like all the topping they offer for the burgers but their fries were not crispy. They were limp and tasteless. The peanuts while you wait was a nice touch but we still prefer In & Out.
3	With In N Out and Smashburger down the street this place just above McDonald's but way over priced. ..nothing specialOne thing this place leads is annoying their customers with the cooks saying the order and yelling back and forth...YEP!!!!
5	I used to live about two blocks from here. When I first moved there I tried "create" burger and it was just about the worst thing I have ever tasted. I got an egg on my burger and that egg must have come from a Pterodactyl it was so old. I would often lay in bed at night thinking, "If only a group of men would come and offer me a tasty burger" and sure enough baby jesus answered my prayers and Five Guys came to the rescue. I used to live in DC so I was familiar with their work and went there immediately. Obviously five guys is a chain but oftentimes chains will have varying degrees of quality- the food is still made by humans(... for now) and so there can be huge differences in quality. This Five Guys is probably one of the better ones I have been to, I will give a few examples of what I mean1. Online ordering- when I ordered online the first time it said "your food will be ready in 8 minutes" - usually a claim like that results in me getting to the place on time and then waiting 20 minutes for my food. Not so here- I got there in 7 minutes and by the time I had finished my drink my food was ready. The last thing they did as I was waiting for my bag was fill my cup of fries- and then dump an additional scoop of fries into the bag for no reason other than awesome. 2. I am waiting in line for my food and I realize due to a miscommunication they have given me a burger with no cheese. I bring this up and they fixed it without charge - and in fact gave me extra cheese. 3. 300 flavor coke machine.The burgers are really good for fast food- as are the toppings. They all seem to be freshly prepared- lettuce is crispy, tomato not mushy, jalapeno crisp. I even like the buns.
4	After my dinner at Five Guys tonight it has become obvious that I don't give them enough love. The burgers are so remarkably fresh when compared to other fast food burger destinations. They make a good burger with a smile on every face behind the counter and that puts a smile on my face too.  Five Guys runs a good business and they do it without the help of sexy girls making a mess, clowns, large headed watchamacallits meant to jump out of boxes, creepy kings, obnoxious redheads and talking chihuahuas like some fast food places. They stand alone and offer up an amazing experience. I appreciate that a burger can be customized as I please and that it is not an inconvenience to them. Tonight I had a cheese burger (two patties) with lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, grilled mushrooms, mayo and ketchup. It was messy and delicious as a good burger should be. I only wish the mushrooms were fresh instead if canned (I think they are canned). I also appreciate that there are two kinds of fries, regular and cajun, though I don't actually care for the fries. But if I did I would be thrilled with how many fries they give you. A bag with whatever size you ordered plus an additional scoop on top of that. Fantastic. I appreciate the free peanuts in the shell offered up to the patrons. Its a nice touch though I don't fully understand it. Finally, I appreciate the soda fountain where you can customize your drink in countless ways. Two tumbs up, Five Guys.
5	Phenomenal service - good food. Service is the reason for five stars...
2	Stop fucking yelling at me! I already over payed for your mediocre burger.....could've gone to In N Out and been treated like an adult! Next to the singing at Johnny Rockets.....the worst business idea ever!
3	Typical burger joint. Lots of toppings to chose from. Burger is flat. Needs to be spiced up. It's cooked well and not dry at all. The little fries that I ordered fed 4 of us. Mushrooms were canned. Total for the burger and large drink was about $12. Service was good, soda fountain lots to chose from also. Free peanuts while u wait.
5	Everything is SUPER GOOD!!!! Anything with bacon .... Is crispy... Not soggy like some places.... I first tried this place in DC .... And knew we had them in Vegas... Just never been... It is my CRACK... I LOVE the burgers and more importantly the hot dogs! They are sliced and GRILLED.... So yummy! Try it!!!
4	I'll keep this simple, the only reason you wouldn't like this place is because you lack the ability to be creative in creating the best burger for you....and only you!
4	The burgers are fresh to order. I love the soda machine and the different flavors it has.
5	Awesome burgers!!!! Best burgers in town!!!Great fries too!!!! It's my first choice for a great fast food burger that tastes more like a gourmet burger!!!
5	So close to my 100 review here is 98 a -1 as a burger option check jalapeno's check cheddar cheese yes. If they had bacon I would be 1 happy camper, or at least needing a nap afterward this . I kinda stumbled on this being out here today not realizing what food coma I could get me into. I got bored of pizzas Thankfully everything was cooked right even in and out sometimes under cooks burgers but hey it happens. Will be back
5	I love five guys. There food is really good and they give so much fries. Fries taste awesome and burgers are awesome. Everything is awesome. I highly recommend going to any five guys if you have never been to one.
5	Best burgers in Vegas. Everything is fresh and hot. When you first walk in your greeted by the staff. Menu is simple and easy to read. Love all the choices I can put on my burger. The fries are great too. You get a lot of fries too. My girlfriend and I love you Five Guys keep up the great job.
5	I normally write very long, detailed reviews.  This one shall be short and sweet.  After at least 20 visits to this store, here is my quick review:1.)  Fast, friendly service with a smile - each and every time.2.)  Good, hot and always consistent food - each and every time.3.)  Clean, outside / inside / bathroom - each and every time.4.)  Always leave feeling full, satisfied and that I got the bang for my buck! - each and every time.5.)  The key word here is consistent.  This is my favorite burger place in Vegas on overall experience.  Gordon Ramsay BurGR is second - but twice as much.6.)  P.S. - I love the "Three in the door!" and the responses back and forth between the staff - they actually look like they enjoy working here and enjoy serving people.  Good for them and Great on the management of this top notch fast food / dining casual establishment.   I am Las Vegas for life.  And they have my business for life at this level of operation.
5	They have the BEST hot dogs ever! They're smoked super BBQ style they're delicious! And the guys staff are super cool! OMG and the soda machine it's amazing as well, 150 soda choices *claps* lol.
4	Great burgers and fries (the fries in themselves could make a full order of food) and excellent service from a friendly staff. Only disadvantage is the price is a bit high--you can get two meals at In-N-Out for not much more than the price of one meal here. Still, a worthwhile place to seek out and enjoy an excellent burger.
5	Excellent customer service. A lot of food for the money. Lots of choices for beverages. If you don't mind spending $10 for a burger lunch , this place is great.
4	Great burger and fries. You have a choice of over 15 toppings...all free. The burger is juicy and cooked to perfection. 100 different beverage choices. Selecting your preferences is going to be a problem your first time here. Kinda pricey at $30 for a family of 3, but a good meal for an occasional visit.
3	I've been wanting to try this place, was working in the area and had a chance.I ordered a hamburger (lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle and mayonnaise), small fries and drink.The drink machine was one of the mega machines, either had cherry Dr. Pepper or Cherry Mr. Pibb, whichever one they had there, I like that, gave an extra half a star for it.The burger was good, it was a thick patty, by today's standard, as such to get the middle cooked enough for health reasons, the outside is overly done.I ordered a small order of fries, they put them in a little cup, put that in the sack with the burger, then pour three times as many fries over the top of the burger in the bag. Tons of fries, I didn't finish half of them, I didn't care for them. If I had to point out the low point, it would be the fries, although they're fried, the texture was like they were steamed. No crispness, soggy, just a mess. If the fries weren't so pathetic, this could have been a 4 star review, They give you all the roasted peanuts, in the shell, you want, gratis. They were very good. I was a bit surprised by the peanuts. With the public uproar about peanut allergies, I'm impressed with them serving peanuts. If those fries weren't so bad, I would have given 4 stars just for standing up to the PC peanut people. In fact, give them another half a star for the peanuts, so this is actually a 3 1/2 star review.
3	I'm a Vegas native and 5 guys is good but not fantastic. It's a very good thing that you can add any toppings for no additional charge but I feel like they need to season the hamburger meat. So far every time I have been here the meat has been very bland and tasteless. I NEVER get onions on anything, but yet I was very turned off because everything on my burger tasted like a raw onion and come to find out there was one on there so I had to throw the rest away because I can't get past that taste.  The fries were very over done and burned on the ends but at least it was fresh oil unlike other food places I have been to. One concern I had is that while sitting and enjoying my time with my family there was an employee just wondering around all lost while customers were near the counter, but when they leave she is back up at the counter talking and normally I don't care but I could hear the whole conversation and some things should not have been said out loud. Basically airing her dirty laundry. My 2 last concerns is that when you are sitting there, you shouldn't hear the employees constantly yelling YEP YEP YEP. It gets annoying very fast. Especially when it gets louder and louder. In addition, you should really offer a military discount because I know that other locations do.
5	Topical 5 guys menu, but what make this place different are the extra friendly staff members!
1	I had the unfortunate experience of having my credit card number lifted by one of the workers......female.....I only used that card once and in three days I received a fraud alert from my bank. After some investigation work and finding out when the charge was made and where,  iI was able to get a copy of the survalence camera and found the individual who made a poor copy of my card.I use to love tHis place......never more.
5	This place needs very little in the way of a review.  Delicious, decadent, everything your doctor says you shouldn't eat.  But you will anyway.  Several times. Whenever you can.
5	Burgers and Cajun fries are good....but the service here is fantastic!!!! I was impressed by every person that I saw working here. Genuinely awesome!
5	My uncle told us to eat here and he said that it was the "best burger" he ever had and that it was better than In-N-Out.We took him up on it and ate lunch here. With the exception of my mom, who ordered a hot dog (??) we had the little burgers (I got the bacon cheeseburger) and split a large fries among the four of us. The bacon was crispy, the burger was tasty and it was the perfect size (I wondered what the regular burgers looked like...)We saw the free peanuts bin that my uncle was talking about and my aunty sampled some.It was neat to see the reviews plastered all over the wall, they reiterated the fact that Five Guys was a really good place to get a burger. They weren't wrong! It was really good.
5	The best Five Guys Burgers I have ever been too! The crew is alive and the store is very clean. I recommend Five Guys to everyone! By far the best burger in town. The fries are delicious; I love that extra scoop! The all the way bacon burger is so good! You must try this place!
