3	Love that this place uses a new disposable plastic inner lining for their spa pedicures on every customer...need I say more?  Go get your pedicure, not a fungus!
4	Was in last week for a main/pedi.  They did a great job, there was no rush it was very relaxing and pleasant. I really loved the pedicure chairs, and also the basic pedicure is a fantastic deal and included everything I was looking for.I would have liked a bit more variety in polish choices, but they have a pretty good selection of the standards. I'll absolutely return!
5	This place is great to get any nail service!! I like how big and spacious the area is and how they get customers in and out. You barely have to wait and thats if you have to wait at all. There's a menu of services for pedicures, which gives you a selection. So you dont get stuck with just the normal pedicure and they take their time as well. You get your money's worth!! Pricing is average. Go for a mani and pedi to give it a go!! : )
1	Terrible service here. They tell you one price and tried to tell me that a regular fill was an extra charge because I had pink and white. I wasn't getting a back fill just a regular fill. I called to get a price and they said fills are 18 then after they did my nails they said it was 26. I asked why and they said you have pink and white. I said but you didn't do the back fill she said it doesn't matter. I couldn't believe it. I have been doing my nails for years and have never had such a problem. I will never go back!
3	Good customer service and nice place BUT they don't clean their tools. As I was being helped, I got a pedicure and fullset, I noticed they put everything back from where they got it without cleaning their tools. For my pedicure they used a dirty nail file and pumice. For my full set, the nail filer was dirty as well and the desk was very dirty too. The UV light desk is super dirty as well. This would be a five start place if it wasn't for the cleanliness.
5	5 stars for Holly!I've come many times and have had a couple other girls do my pedicure when Holly wasn't in and I can tell you that Holly is by far the best. She really takes her time with the massage and gives a good strong one too. She's professional and friendly. I feel confident that she's following sanitizing procedures because of one particular experience: one day when the boss was out, I noticed most of the other girls were wearing normal clothes (they all usually wear purple scrubs). I asked her why she was the only one in scrubs and she told me that's its because that is the expectation. The fact that the other girls took the opportunity to break the rules when the boss was gone make me question what other corners they cut.... Anyway, Holly is great! Go see her. She does great gel manicures as well :)
3	I like the plastic insert used in the foot bath. I felt protected from others' feet germs.  One week later and my pedi is already peeling. :(
1	5 stars for Becky.  I have seen her several times and have always been super happy with her. She stays busy though and now I know why.  After my experience today, I will not EVER be back. Apparently, prices were raised (which of course was not disclosed until after my mani was completed.) What used to cost me $18 - $20 (gel polish) cost me $35 today.  What's worse is that I asked for a patriotic theme, and she could hardly draw a star!!  I'm done Avalon (I'm sorry Becky!!)
