3	I am a geek. I don't know why, but I really like establishments with the word monkey in the name. Tickles me pink at an adolescent level, like nut shots and fireworks. So Uncle Monkey's Bar started off at an advantage. It's definitely a dive bar, so don't go in there expecting something fancy schmansy. It's got monkey in the bar name, people. That should pretty much tell you everything you need to know about what awaits you inside.Cash only, cheap alcohol (11 bucks for three shots of Jameson, and one fifty well!), stiff drinks, pool tables, and a decent jukebox. Pretty much all you need to satisfy this little barfly. Admittedly, I was a little drunk on crappy bowling beer by the time we got here, but I had an absolute blast. There might also have been darts, but when I'm seeing double bull's-eyes it's unlikely I'm going to be getting many double bull's-eyes, so the option entered and left my brain pretty quick.The stand out decorations were a painting of a tarted up cartooney monkey in the women's bathroom and two creepy mannequins, a flannel clad lumberjack and a tomahawk carrying "chief." Granted, it's probably not politically correct, but it's definitely perplexing and helps drive home the fact that Uncle Monkey's doesn't give a flying fuck about catering to anyone that doesn't fit the dive bar mold. It's dark, weathered, kinda dingy and it exists for the express purpose of getting' you loaded, and the patrons reflect this fact by looking a little frayed around the edges as well.The one issue I had with the place is the fact that it's hidden away in the corner of a non-descript strip mall with no sign on the front, so if you don't know about this place, you're unlikely to be finding yourself sharing a drink with the yokels.
3	Never have I seen so many young people in a bar! Maybe it's because it's across the street from MCC or maybe because Cheba Hut next door was doing a prop 203 party. I don't know. Either way, there wasn't a patron under 30. Moving along, the drinks are pretty cheap $3 wells, $7 pitches when I went. There were also banners for various events that looked like they had good drink specials as well. 25 cent drink potty party? Yes please.The biggest complaint I have about this place is that it's CASH ONLY. This is the 21st century people. I can buy a car from my mobile device. I can stream episodes of Myth Busters instantly to my computer. Uncle Monkeys: you can (and should) do credit card transactions. I'm not going to use your bloody ATM and get stiffed with a fee. I'm a generous tipper, but not that generous.They had a few pool tables, darts, a juke box and karaoke. The floors were sticky, I smelled food but didn't see it, nor would I care to.
1	This place is great! Just make sure your current on your hepatitis C shot, tetanus shot and bring lots of hand sanitizer with you. Also, make sure you go to the bathroom before you get there, YOU DO NOT WANT TO USE THEIRS! Good god how do places like this stay open?
2	This is a weird place, but it was very laid back.. and lit up. For a dive, its sure are bright in here.. but thats ok. I had a few $1 drink during happy hour 5-7, and then I had a few moderately priced drinks. It was ok, but definitely nothing to write home about. The waitresses was nice enough, and the atmosphere was ok. But there was nothing that ever would draw me back here again... und das... ist das..
1	Stay away at all costs! Cheap drinks at happy hour 5-7 is where anything positive ends.The worst customer service!Huge attitudes,by ugly,over confident bartenders.Id say the bathrooms are gross,but theyre worse than gross.But if youre missing a few teeth,youll fit right in here.And never go there looking for woman,unless you like obese woman..BBW central.
3	As far as dive bars go, this one was no better or worse than most. The bartender served me promptly and with the minimum amount of courtesy (which is to be expected in a dive bar). The atmosphere was somewhat dim, with pool tables, video games, and dart boards placed strategically throughout. Prices were right in line. I like this place because it is less than a mile walk from my condo.  Overall, a good place to get a cold beer and burn an hour or two.
1	If you aren't afraid of getting shanked, catching an std, losing your teeth, or being judged by a nasty, over weight, ugly bartenders & patrons then by all means visit "Ugly" Monkeys. I was hoping to find a chill dive bar near my apts....I'll keep on looking.
1	Read below the line of this post & you'll see my prior post.  I am a regular, or was a regular now!I never come in on Monday's,  I usually come in on Friday or Saturday.  This is the first time I ever met Bale.  I normally get served by Sarah & Jenn (who are the best & I like dearly).  This night, Sarah served my first beer.  When Sarah went on break my beer was empty and I set my glass on the edge of the bar so the bartender knows I am ready for another.  Keep in mind, I am by myself at the end of the bar.  I see her look at my glass and walk away at least two times to serve others at the other end of the bar.  The third time I wave her down and she doesn't even give me a "I'm sorry I will be right with you" (recognition of some sort).  So I do something I never done before and that is poor my own beer.  Now, I got her attention! After explaining to her why I did what I did (the fact that she was deliberately ignoring me), Sarah comes back from her break, and I explain what happened.  Sarah knows me and was very nice about her reasons of having to kick me out.  It is illegal to pour your own beer, now I admit, I was not thinking about that at the time, yet I am glad that happened just to prove a point.  It took me doing something like that to get Bale's attention, what does that say about a person like that.In conclusion, I was told I can come back another night, but because of my action Sarah had to ask me to leave, I want to note that Sarah has always given me great service.  However, because of one person, Bale, I will not be coming back to this bar.  I have more class than that, to let someone treat me like I am nothing, when I am a consistent customer.  The sad thing about Bale, it is people like her that leave me hopeless in seeing this local economy thrive again.  I moved back to this neighborhood to support this area, yet people like her have made me decide to move back close to my job in downtown Phoenix  Everyone has to understand, I grew up in this area.  If you're a native like me, you'll understand, if not, you probably will not care.  The bottom line is thanks to the internet consumers like me have a voice.  Bale has got to go!-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Love this place.Great dive bar, the bar tenders are really nice, they have the tall boy beers I like & mini pitchers for a good price.  I was impressed how much a crowd this place can draw in.
5	My absolute favorite bar ever. Day drinking in this place is probably one of the best, if not the best, thing to do on a hot summer day. From 10-11am they offer power hour, dollar you-cqll-its. I've had many a drunken Saturday in this place and quite a few 3$ small pitcher Thursdays as well. If you haven't been to uncle monks, go. Seriously. GET SOME!
5	My daughter and I came here on Sunday night for the first time. Everyone was so friendly, the drink prices were great and they had many great singers at karaoke. Service was much better than most bars especially when packed! We will be back.
1	WARNING!!! Small hole in the wall bar that smells of urine and body odor. This joint attracts shady characters because of their cheap prices. Many homeless and ex-convicts frequent this bar. Be very aware of your surroundings! Not a place to go alone to have a drink. The men have no respect for women and are aggressive when they are turned down. I had to pickup my cousin here. She told me that a guy sexually assaulted her in the hallway of the restroom. She told the bartender and she didn't do nothing about it. PLACE NEEDS TO BE BURNT DOWN!!! I would have given no stars but you can't post a review without a star.
3	As of 9/28/14, the Happy Hour prices have now doubled.Drinks during 10-11 AM and 5-7 PM are now 2.00 plus tip
4	2.00 drink specials 7 days a week is why I go. 5-7 pm and 10-11AM. It's a cute little dive bar and yes now they take credit cards. They don't have much in the line of food. Fries, burgers, wings, etc.
2	A guy to my right is eating chicken wings and throwing the bones behind the bar.Lady bartender says"what the hell",she cut him off and called a cab and told him to leave.He gave her some lip and she repeatedly asked him to leave then she came from behind the bar with a can of mace and then he left.I didn't feel safe here and it was only 4pm in the afternoon.
