4	first burger during the day was a little on the dry side, but still tasty.  next burgers were at 5am, and ordered the "baby fat" this time.  basically a smaller burger.  these were very tasty and good.  the steak fries are also a nice addition to any burger meal.  btw, this location is open 24/7.
3	A typical burger place with the obligatory vegetarian burger option. This one is located in the Red Rocks Casino food court.The veggie patty was a much thicker version of a Boca Burger (I actually had to pick at the burger before eating it because I thought for a moment they gave me a meat patty). The burger was tasty and very hearty, although there was too much relish on it which made the bun a little soggy on top. The fries that accompanied the burger were good - freshly made, hot and crisp.
5	Fatburger and In-N-Out are my favorite burger joints in Vegas.  Fatburger is more expensive but they have more variety in their menu (yes, I know about animal style and protein style).The key trick for Fatburger is to get a discount card.  They punch it for every burger you get and when it is full, you get a freebie.  However, you have to ask for their card because they don't volunteer it and they don't ask if you have one.Skinny fries are better than their steak fries.  Chili is pretty good with chili cheese fries a favorite side.  Onion rings are very good too.  The milkshakes are real old-fashioned shakes (similar but larger serving size to In-N-Out.)If you eat very late, they are your best choice since they are 24 hours.  Sometimes you have to make some noise if they are in the back instead of manning the register, however.They are made to order so you can get extra whatever.  The one thing I don't like versus In-N-Out in addition to being more expensive is that they use chopped onions.  You can get a fresh slice at In-N-Out and slices are better than chopped onions because there is less cell wall damage and water leakage.This location is not as good as some of the other Fatburgers but a mediocre Fatburger is still better than the best McDonald's.
4	3am, and a night filled with way too many drinks, way too many bets, and great times with friends and family.  Where to get a greasy fix?  Fatburger.    This one is located within the Red Rock Casino Resort, and is open to fill your needs 24/7.  The Big Fat Deal with Cheese and Fried Egg was heavenly, especially considering the state of mind I was in.  Nice!
2	I didn't think it was possible to find a Fatburger that wasn't amazing like the rest, but I somehow found one (hopefully the only one) here at the Red Rock Casino.  What a shame too, because the Red Rock has so many great places to choose from that it is ironic to have a bad place in Fatburger.I love Fatburger in general and while I think the prices are a rip at times, usually the taste of the burgers make up for it.  Not here, the burgers have been dry and salty (?) during my experiences and even smaller on occasion.  The folks behind the counter have been slow to prepare our meals and weren't the least bit friendly.  I guess I'll have to save my appetite for the crosstown version which is infinitely better.
4	This location is inside the Red Rock Casino food court, near the movie theater. The staff was friendly and they made your burger to order. They cam pretty close on the beef.You can get a very large burger with lots of toppings on it. My favorite is the fried egg, although my egg was bit undercooked which made it runny, resulting in quite a messy burger. I can't imagine trying to eat one of these burgers with chili on it as well. The seasoning on the burger was bit unusual but I really liked it. I think other locations of Fatburger do a better job. This one is just a food court version. A vegetarian "burger," a chicken sandwich and a turkey burger are also available if you want something a little lighter. The skinny fries are pretty tasty as well. Good eatin.If you are staying at the hotel you cannot charge your food to your room which is a little annoying.
3	A good burger, but still not enough to defeat the venerable In-N-Out in value and taste.I use to eat at Fatburgers ages ago because it was by my college campus, so convenience factor was there. But got converted once I discovered In-N-Out despite having to drive out to get it. Never looked back since. Funny thing happened, I was going to try LBS Burger so I asked the Fatburger employee where its at. Yup, I really did ask Fatburgers where I can find their competitor burger place is at. They didn't know.Was at Red Rock waiting for the movie to start so just grabbed a bite here. For around $11 I got a really big burger and fries. I got a pretty good value based on the size of the burger and the fries, but flavor just didn't impress me. Much better than Fuddruckers. Fries were very good though with the clean and crispy flavor. Good place to get burger if you're in Red Rock. You probably won't be disappointed, but if you have the option to go with In-N-Out, do yourself a favor and go there instead.
1	Waited 20 minutes for a burger...on a Tuesday at 3pm...no one in line. Enough said.
2	Seriously I could have killed a cow and cooked my own burger faster than my one order came up...I have to say the burger was good tho, when I actually got it... all the stuff seemed very fresh.If you're in a hurry... don't bother... got time to burn, give it a whirl :)
3	Skip, the bun, order by the patty only for a better deal.  Your other options are over priced and not great (sushi) or lame suburban chains (Yard House).  I opted for a lot of these burgers instead.
3	The Skinny: decent burger but it isn't something I would come again and again for (3.25), service: reasonable timing of food and it's counter service (3), value: it's not like In-and-Out kind of good deal but it's still pretty reasonable.Went here for a bite after watching "The Expendables" and came for a large burger and the skinny fries.Personally, I think that there is a little too much bun for the size of the patty. But otherwise, the bun had a nice texture and flavour. The patty itself was well-seasoned however lacked thickness and wasn't as juicy as it should be. The iceberg was shredded and was a little too wet. It kind of messed up the textures in the burger. The sauces on top were rather uninteresting.The fries are nice - crispy and well salted.Overall, a good burger but not exceptional.
4	This was a great burger I will come back soon. It's been a long time since I been to fat burger but I am now a fan again. They are slow but nothing good comes fast. If your looking for fast have a slice of pizza if your looking for a great burger this is the place
4	Greasy, disgusting, enormous, ohhhh my goooodddddd.You know what you want when you get food here. Don't come expecting gourmet shit, it is what it is. Huge burgers with bacon, egg, and the regular fixins.I love me some fat burger.
4	Fatburger in Red Rock is one of my consistent sanctuaries in Las Vegas. Usually I am here babysitting my grandmother during the weekly drawings on the weekends. The wonders an order of fat fries with cheddar and a chocolate shake can do for your soul is wonderous. ^_^
4	Good fast food burger. I just was ticked off there was nothing else open at a casino (Red Rocks) at 11PM.
3	Okay, I admit it. I didn't eat here... but I can still review ( & update later!)I was waiting in line to get an application... Wait Time: EST. 15 Min.?!No joke, RedRock is always poppin'.. especially lunch time.As an interested to be employed, I was keen on the chemistry of the workers.They are nice. Individually speaking.. But it gets so busy that they lose the camaraderie feel as a team. Like factory line robots.. that cook burger meals.Anyway, I'm sure the food's good.. It sure smelled like it. But to be part of the workforce with Fatburger..I'll try In-N-Out instead.
5	Everyone on the east coast has heard of In-N-Out or Jack in the Box. Its lesser known sibling Fatburger is worthy of recognition, however. A friend of mine hates In-N-Out and swears that Fatburger is the best, so he took us here. He pointed out their seasoned patty. Yum.... So the next time I ate at In-N-Out, I remembered the seasoned patty at Fatburger. Hm... I think I like them both equally. But I gotta admit, the Fatburger was pretty delicious. On the burger scale, it is as follows:1. Custom Burger by Pat LaFrieda (still and probably forever #1)2. 5 Guys3. In-N-Out / Fatburger (tied)4. Jack in the Box
4	I found this place surprisingly good. The only other time I had eaten at a Fatburger my experience wasn't great, so I didn't know what to expect when I bought a meal here before a movie at Red Rock. The burger was very tasty and filling, and the staff was very friendly and helpful. I would definitely eat here again.
2	Went here once for your curiosity and once because I was dragged here. Fat burger is mediocre at best. Its overpriced and takes wayyyy too long to get your food. In N out kills this place and is almost have the price. I would rather go to burger king or carls jr and those places are shit.
1	Totally unimpressed. They didn't even make the burger as I ordered it. I was the only person in line, and they rushed me to take my order. Then got it wrong. Way over-priced.
1	Their signature side is their made from scratch onion rings and the last two times I have visited they were out!  No excuse for this, can you imagine McDonald's running out of French Fries?
4	When it comes to FF burgers, everyone has their preferences.  With me, it comes down to mood, location, convenience, price, and service.  Mood usually dominates my decision.  However, my most recent visit to Fatburger wasn't due to mood. It was due to convenience and location. It was late night at the Red Rock Casino.  My choices were very limited, especially since I needed something with no carbs, a high protein count, and quick.  Fatburger was my only choice.  Now it came to decision on what burger was I going to order.  The XXXL is way to big and the Large seemed too small.  I ended up with the XXL.  Since I wasn't eating the bun during this visit, I knew I could handle all of the 16 oz's that the XXL has to offer.  Their burgers are known for their seasoning and a healthy spread of their pickled mustard.  Sometimes their burgers are a bit dry.  That's where the condiments and bun come to play.  Without them, you will really notice how dry their burgers really are.  What sets Fatburger from the rest is what I call their "Breakaway Meat".  The burgers at Fatburger are not compressed/packed patties causing them to break apart in your mouth.  I like it since it's different, the seasoning gets inside the meat better, and you feel the texture of a good burger in your mouth.  What would be perfect is their burger meat on top of rice.  Almost like a Loco Moco minus the egg and gravy. Bottom line, good burger that hit the spot for what I was looking for last night. The service was as good as it gets.  My only issue, which is not Fatburger's fault, was that the food court was dirty.  Tons of trash and tables needed to be wiped down.  I ended up eating at their counter because of this.  I didn't have their fries, shakes, and even their bun on last night's visit.  I will be back to eat here the traditional way and update my review. TIP:-You get big portions of meat in your burger and you decide what size you want. S, M, L (8 oz) , XXL (16oz), and XXXL (24 oz).
4	The employees are nice and the food is great. How do you not love Fatburger? This location is nice because it is in Red Rock and there is plenty of seating and always clean.
3	This is a great spot for the Red Rock, probably the best place within the food court area.Fatburger is a legendary So Cal burger staple, with Ice Cube rappin' about it ("...Two in the mornin' got the Fatburger") on his hit "It was a Good Day" I prefer it over In and Out, Five Guys, Johnny Rockets, The Counter, The Habit and most other over the counter non-fast food, cooked to order burger joints.In LA, I usually get the Fatburger on the char grill and fat fries (as opposed to on the greasy grill with skinny fries)In Vegas, I opted for another of my favorites, the Bacon and Egg sandwich.  It's really good, but tell 'em to skip the mayo and put on ketchup instead, it'll taste better.I've not gone to LBS which is a sit-down burger restaurant in the Red Rock, so can't compare this to that.With Fatburger... The prices are good, it stays open late, what more can you ask for?
3	I like Fatburger even though I should not be eating this stuff at all.  It's the only fast food burger joint with real meat that is seasoned.  It takes a while for the order to come up but it's good. This is my favorite fast food burger.  The burgers come in at least 4 sizes. We got the large and it was veeeery filling.  Even the medium is filling. Like everything in Vegas, it's pricey- we paid almost $40 for three people.
1	I have to add this: on more than one occasion we've seen the cooks handling buns right after touching raw meat without washing hands or changing gloves. NOT SAFE!
5	The hands down, absolute best fast food burgers anywhere. I don't want to hear about In & Out either. They are good, but nothing is better than Fat Burger.Fatburger offers you different size burgers. The XXL is way more than I should eat, but I eat it anyways. The toppings, the meat, and the fries are all much better than any other fast food place out there.The staff is very friendly at this location and they are open late. Nothing compares to a Fatburger!!
5	On a 4 night trip to Red Rocks ate here twice!  Medium Burger with cheese and all the fixings and still could not finish it. Exceptional burger- freshly made. When you order they give you a number on a stick and bring out your order.  Cheese fries were tasty. Free refills on soda.  Come hungry- these burgers are ' fat'!  A little pricey but worth every penny!  A quick and fast meal between gambling, bingo sessions or before or after a movie.  Yum!
2	We visited this place after taking the kids to the pool and finding the $32 for $16 groupon.  For an "order at the counter, sit in the food court" fast food place, this place is extremely overpriced!!  Some meal combos are over 12 bucks (approaching gourmet burger prices at sit down places with MUCH more ambiance!).  Anyway, our tab ran almost 36 bucks for 3 turkey burgers, 2 fries, 1 shake and two sundaes for the girls.  Good thing we had the groupon to keep it more reasonable.  Of course, with what we got, this place was STILL overpriced after adding in the savings!  Turkey burgers were dry, tasteless and small.  Fries were very unremarkable, our vanilla shake was basically tasteless as well.  I don't know how these places charge as much as they do and still have people frequent them...  What a rip off!!  I will admit that the regular burgers did look pretty good but we were trying to go with somewhat healthier alternatives.  Anyway, if you are after burgers that don't run 40 bucks for a family of four, I think you are MUCH better off at In n Out or Smashburger!
3	Burger is pretty good. But they charged for ranch witch is on the free menu also charged $1 to cut my burger in half. Wtf a dollar to cut the burger and didn't even tell you it cost a dollar. $2 dollars for cheese and In the pics it has cheese on it. But will definitely say the burger is good. Customer service a little lousy though.
1	Yelp says they're open 24/7, and their sign & website says they're open until 4 am - but the guy working had the audacity to say they were closed and act like he was doing me a favor by firing up the grill at 3 am. Likely story, dude. Quit graveyard if you're too tired or lazy to do it. This was literally one of the only places open at 3 am that wasn't a bar and I'm not 21 so SORRY I'M HUNGRY DUDE. I'm sure fat burger wouldn't appreciate this guy acting like they're closed when they aren't. He had the lights turned off and was in the back hiding, an hour before they were supposed to close. He said they closed 45 mins ago, and I said they needed to update their hours in that case. Will not waste my time during late hours again.
