4	We have a black lab, who is an average shedder and doesn't generally need to get groomed.  However, when we first adopted him from the Humane Society here in Charlotte, he NEEDED a bath and some shed-control.  We picked him up at the shelter and took him straight to Blue Velvet.  It had been recommended to me by someone with an older lab whose fur was starting to thin out and needed regular grooming.  He walked in the door with hair literally flying off his back in every direction.  When I picked him up a couple hours later, he looked relieved to get out of there, but also seemed happy to be cleaned up.  The staff was super friendly, especially given how bad of a case he was (he'd been stressed out, fighting heartworms and living in a run with no A/C). They showed me three shopping bags full of fur and told me that it just wouldn't stop coming out.  Obviously, though, they'd gotten a lot accomplished.  Now that Bodie's well-fed and well-loved, he just needs a brushing here and there, so we haven't taken him back.  If you have a fluffy dog though, or a big shedder for some reason, I highly recommend Blue Velvet.
5	We just took our maltipoo here for the first time today and they did a wonderful job. He not only looks great, but he was very happy and loved the employees (rare since they had just groomed him). We are definitely going back!
4	Wondering if you should bring your fuzz bucket for a bath here?  Think Fi-Fi, not Fido.Been coming here to get our little 12-pound ball of fluffy terror here for years and they've done a great job of making the parlor something nice.  Definitely seems to cater to the smaller breeds, more than likely due to the small stature of the place itself, but also get the impression the owners are poodle buffs.They've jacked the prices up quite a bit over the past year or two, so to get fluffy all primed for a night on the town will set you back around $50 when you include tip and all that... but the fact is, they do quality work, take care of your K9, and know how to primp and pamper your pet.
