3	Ahhhhh...There's nothing like pulling into your final station after a long bus trip.  Luckily, this bus station is in a location that makes it easy to get from here to your hotel with the least amount of effort.  Our hotel was only a short 2 block walk away.We spent a little more time here on our trip back and I would suggest anyone leaving out of here to come at least 30 minutes before their bus departs because there will probably already be a line.  The staff here was some of the friendliest that I've ever encountered in my travels and they got Passports and tickets verified quickly and we were on our way!!
1	Unfortunately this review will not help anyone in that if you want to take a bus, you practically HAVE to travel with greyhound. I wish I could say you get what you pay for, but in this case I feel I paid plenty. $140 dollars roundtrip for a trip from NYC to Montreal.on my way back I arrived over 1 hour in advance for my trip at 5pm on an express to NYC. By 5pm they said the bus had been overbooked and a second bus would be needed that would depart at 6pm and would go local. Way to slump a great vacation. Not only did it NOT depart by 6 but it made all of the local stops only to not pick up any passengers. This was an unfortunately trip from hell and I didn't make it back into NY until 2:30 am. Called customer service and they have no recollection of the overbooking.Greyhound gets a huge FAIL for ruining my travel experience. I'd expect this if i paid $40 dollars round trip Fung-Wah style but not from the big corporate monster. I hope some Greyhound executive reads this and refunds my trip. maybe I'll reconsider the rating.This review is for Greyhound services and not the bus station. Bus station is perfectly located in Montreal, close to multiple hostels and B&B's on Sherbrooke....damn it so frustrated!
2	The station was nice, and clean.  Decent options for take away food for your trip.  That's the plus.I took three buses, 2 to/from Quebec, and 1 to Boston.  The Quebec bus rides were nice, CLEAN, and the WIFI worked.  There was power at all seats.The bus however to Boston:  Greyhound, sucked.  The driver was rude, hit a traffic pole as he pulled out of the station, never turned on the power to one side of the bus, and the WIFI NEVER worked.  Seriously, don't advertise Wifi - if you don't have it.
2	The station was nice, and clean.  Decent options for take away food for your trip.  That's the plus.I took three buses, 2 to/from Quebec, and 1 to Boston.  The Quebec bus rides were nice, CLEAN, and the WIFI worked.  There was power at all seats.The bus however to Boston:  Greyhound, sucked.  The driver was rude, hit a traffic pole as he pulled out of the station, never turned on the power to one side of the bus (I didn't realize they had to turn on the power to the outlets).  But the WIFI never, NEVER worked - so why advertise WIFI?
1	This review is specifically for the Boston to Montreal and NYC to Montreal routes-------------------------------------------Moved to Montreal over the summer, and so far have taken the Greyhound bus b/w MTL and Boston 3 times and b/w MTL and NYC 2 times (round trip). Greyhound pretty much has a monopoly on transportation between Montreal and Boston. Plane fare is very expensive, there are no other buses, and no train. Other options are having one's own car, renting a car, or doing a ride share. Though Greyhound promises wifi, not once has there been wifi on these buses. One time there was spotty wifi for a few hours. Each time the bus driver says this is an isolated occurrence and they'll have it next time.  Otherwise, there have been issues with various avoidable delays and uncourteous drivers.The last round trip to Boston, and Greyhound's response (or lack thereof), was so inclement that it has prompted me finally to write a review. Issues to Boston- Bus arrived an hour late - No Wifi - Bus was stopped at the border for 2.5 hours. Greyhound had no control over this. But the bus driver said that the bus was stopped for so long that her shift would be up soon and Greyhound would have to call in another driver. Greyhound chose not to send one right away, but to wait until an evening bus passed in the direction we were heading. We were stopped at one of those little strip mall areas off the highway for ages before a relief driver arrived - The trip, which was supposed to take 7.5 hours, ended up taking 13. This was due to Greyhound's decision not to send a relief driver until evening. Instead of 6:30 PM we got in after 11 PM Issues back to MTL - Bus arrived two hours late - No Wifi - Driver randomly said his shift was up and we'd have to wait for another driver to come, which took a long time- New driver had never driven this route before and was slow and got lost- Bathroom door was broken (couldn't be opened) for last third of trip & driver had to stop at a supermarket for people to use the bathroom - Trip took something like 11 hours Generally, I don't like to complain or ask for refunds-- find it more work and grief than it's worth, just try a different service next time-- but this was too much. So I called Greyhound to ask for a refund, as I'm sure half the people on these buses did. Greyhound makes it quite difficult to find out how to request a refund. After some research, finally found out that to do so one must send a letter to their national headquarters in Dallas, Texas, including the original ticket(s). One cannot send the original ticket(s), of course, because the driver collects them on the bus, and one cannot reprint them because they disappear on Greyhound's website after the day of the trip. Called their relevant customer service line that deals with refunds to try to figure out how to print out the original tix or what to send them. Called three times, was put on hold for 20-40 min each time and hung up. Called their general #, was told I had been calling the correct one and should just keep calling back. Called that # a fourth time, someone picked up after 25 min or so, and put me through to the National Office, where I was on hold for 20 min.Person at the National Office said I could place a complaint with them by phone. This took over an hour of them entering stuff into 'the system' and checking stuff-- and finally they told me that they would refund several hours of the trip. I explained that the issue was the general service and they should give a full refund, but they were adamant that they 'only refund for excessive delay times.' They prefer to issue the refund as a voucher; if you ask for it back on your card, they refund 'half the voucher rate.' In short, the issue was not with any of the customer service people I spoke with, or even really with the drivers, who are just small cogs in the system, so to speak, but with the systematic bureaucracy, carelessness, and incompetence of Greyhound's higher-ups and business practices. (At least, when it comes to their Eastern routes b/w the US and Canada.)
1	Always late and no matter what, discourteous. Their wifi is not even working half of the time. I'll try Amtrak which seems to have much better reviews. I had too many bad bus rides.
1	Update: It is 6 months later. The refund in question never arrived. Tried calling again, but was met with the same extremely long wait times and unnavigable phone-trees. It wasn't worth the time and energy, and just gave up. The only recourse is to do everything possible to avoid taking the Greyhound NYC / MTL and Boston / MTL routes-- challenging, considering Greyhound maintains a monopoly there. One hopes that a better service will arise sooner rather than later.
