2	I'm not sure when the standards for Chinese food became so lax. I can remember going to so many good Chinese restaurants when I was younger, but it now it seems most every time I try a new one I'm disappointed.I hate to be so critical of Mr. Hunan--a mostly takeout joint--because the people behind the counter were very friendly, but the food was so oily and bland that it's hard to describe. I mean, it's hard to make "Hot and Sour Soup" neither hot nor sour, but my try of this famous soup at Mr. Hunan revealed that it was indeed possible.  My main dish fared no better. In fact, it was so bland I've forgotten exactly what it was that I ordered! Come on, Mr. Hunan, this is the Southwest! We're not scared of some spice!!!
2	I found myself in Tempe this Saturday with a friend, it was late afternoon and we were both really hungry, we were looking for a Chinese buffet / stir fry restaurant. I knew of a few but the few from years ago when I lived down here, unfortunately they were all closed.  We saw mr Hunan out of the corner of our eyes and decided to give it a try.  The staff was nice I ordered the Hunan chicken which was ok at best, I thought it would be better assuming it was their signature dish. Sadly I think even pei Wei has more flavor.   The other thing that rubbed me the wrong way was their fountain soda machine was broken.  This kind of thing could cause a lot of customers not to come back especially when given the number of choices in the area. I say Mr Hu-nah... thanks
4	If you are looking for gourmet Chinese food in a sketchy Tempe strip mall, then don't go here.  However, if you live close by and want some relatively inexpensive, decently tasting and quick takeout Chinese food, then this is your place.I live about a mile away and this is our go-to place when we want something quick and easy to pickup on our way home from work.  You can call them up, order whatever you want, and within 5-10 minutes it is ready for pickup.  Sure the people who answer the phones there don't speak perfect English and it is difficult as heck to communicate with them sometimes, but this means the food is truly authentic, right?My wife and I often order the special wonton or the hot and sour soup to go with what we are making for dinner at home.  Once in a while we will get a full meal to take back.  We have discovered that you can order just about any of their non-fried dishes and have them put the sauce on the side.  More Chinese food places should do that because all the dishes are basically just stir fry with different veggies, meat and sauce thrown in.  Anyway,  since we are trying to eat healthy this is a solid option.  I also really like their spare ribs which is probably not the healthiest of options, but oh well.
2	The food is pretty standard takeout, a little bland for the most part. They do have the option of getting your veggies steamed if you don't want grease, watching your weight or whatever.Last time I went, my roommate ordered "vegetarian spring rolls." When she bit into it, it was full of pork. She took it back up to the woman and told her what happened and she said it was our fault because they only make pork SPRING rolls. the vegetarian ones are EGG rolls. It was obviously just a communication issue and could've been remedied easily. Instead, she was very rude about it and refused to replace them, saying it was our mistake for ordering the wrong thing. If they had handled it better, I would still go back there. C'est la vie
1	Did not answer the phone on multiple attempts. They say they're open on Sundays from 11:30am to 9:30pm, am I missing something? Horrible customer service.
3	This place kind of scares me.  It used to be scarier, but right now it's still a little odd.  When you walk in, it'll be silent for a long time, no one there.  It makes me think of if The Shining took place in an Asian restaurant.  You hear a strange rattling, rustling of pages or maybe fingers running along wooden bars.You peak over the counter and there's a baby in a crib behind a partition.  Okay.  Bringing a baby to work is fine, but where are you?  You ring the bell on the counter and maybe a minute later a really sleepy, but pleasant enough gentleman will take your order.There used to be this girl who worked there who had a permanent snarl on her face, a wrinkled nose and upturned, pissed-off lip.  She might not have been making a face, she might have just... you know, just looked that way, but she terrified me.  The food is overall pretty decent.  I mean, it's not earth shattering but it's Pan-Asian Cuisine.  It's got broccoli, rice and meat served with sweet and sour sauce.  The prices are cheap and you end up getting a lot, too.The lights flicker in there like crazy so it's best to get your order to go or else you'll end up feeling pretty nauseous.
1	You have got to be fucking kidding me. There was no one in the restaurant. the place was a graveyard, yet no one thought it was important to wipe the tables or even sweep the floor. Crumbs and sticky stains everywhere. i ordered take-out before I got a good look at the place. While I waited for my order I looked around for a place to sit - no clean chairs. All had crumbs on them. Tables had folded-up pieces of cardboard shoved underneath the legs, balancing them out. One table had THREE cardboard balancers. All the chairs have chipped paint. There are stacks of sodas with a stained apron tossed onto the top of them - better wipe those bitches down good before you slurp, people!! The license on the wall reads 2008. HOLY GOD THIS IS 2010!There is a BED that's not even hidden from view. Toothbrush and toothpaste and a shoerack! Damn, put that in the BACK ROOM not the FRONT if you so desperately need to do it. And give me a break - how busy can this place possibly get, that you need to sleep there overnight??? I shudder to think what the back kitchen looks like if they can't even pretend to make the dining area presentable. Even my dog wouldnt eat there... but since he's missing a leg, he might need to steer clear of this place before they try to stew him up. BTW I AM ASIAN so keep the racist accusations to yourselves, white weirdos. Okay, all joking aside: the place is GODDAMN DIRTY. PERIOD.
3	i can order online....YES!however, average. they don't have a house hot mustard, which pisses me off as i hate those little packets of radioactive yellow goo that try to pass off as hot mustard. i've ordered the kung pao beef twice and liked it. got the crab puffs last time, and they weren't bad either.i really wish i'd read the reviews before ordering though. i'm glad my food experience was better than some, but the conditions of the restaurant sound a little disturbing. i DO think it's sad that there's a bed there, that sucks...at least he's not on the street, right?anyhow, i'll probably have to venture in and check it out for myself. if it's as bad as other reviewers say, i will definitely update and not order takeout from there.
4	Yeah, the parking lot is super sketchy. Whomever owns the strip needs to put in some damn lights. I stopped next door to do some laundry and checked this place out. I'm wondering about the bed?? I didn't see one. Anyways...There was a college boy taking orders and also doing the delivery, so if you walk in ring the bell.  I ordered sweet and sour chicken, crab and cheese wontons, and egg drop soup. I think it was great. The chicken was crispy and didn't look questionable like it does at some Chinese takeouts, you know what I mean. The sauce was on the side also. The people who are complaining need to realize this isn't suppose to be a sit down restaurant. What are you expecting? This is Chinese take out!I basically got two meals for 13 bucks. I would eat here again. Probably today!
3	Delivery was delish.
2	I order takeout from this place all the time, and still do, so why am I giving it two stars? I struggled with that one. There are only three Chinese delivery places in North Tempe, and this is definitely the best of the three (faint praise, to be sure). It's standard Chinese hole-in-the-wall fare, which isn't a bad thing. I love dumplings, and I love hot-and-sour soup, and they do both pretty well. There prices are decent and they deliver quickly. I think I probably would have coughed up that third star if their physical location wasn't so awful. One example of many - there's a rickety screen in the back of the room where the cashier nurses her baby between taking orders. If hands are being washed between feedings, I didn't notice....
4	Working on the Phoenix / Tempe border restaurants that deliver are few and far between, unless you want a sandwich. My co-workers and I have been ordering Mr. Hunan for about a year now and I have to say we have never received a bad meal. Delivery is always fast and the older delivery driver is always pleasant, recently they started adding a $1 delivery fee per order, but when your meal is under $6 the buck won't kill you, especially if several in your office is ordering.The delivery lunch combos come with white or fried rice and your choice of an egg roll or a canned soda and of course a fortune cookie. Portions are pretty large..enough for most of us to have left overs the next day and the choices are a plenty. If you order the sweet and sour chicken the sauce comes on the side so your crispy chicken doesn't get soggy. The garlic chicken is spicy and has a wonderful lingering garlic sauce that mysteriously is hotter the next day.For the previous reviews about the cleanliness of the restaurant I can't comment on for I have only had delivery and just based on the food we order (at least twice a month) I have to give Mr. Hunan's four stars. Is it great, no but it's very good and a super value for the dollar.
4	Unfortunately, along with good Mexican food, there aren't many good Chinese restaurants in Tempe.  Given this, Mr. Hunan is a great place to get a cheap fix for your Chinese food cravings.  But here's the thing, the prices are cheap, and one reason is that it is a "no frills" type of place.  Do not expect ambience, don't expect fancy plates and cutlery...don't even expect real plates and cutlery...in fact, during the summer they try to keep the costs down by not running the AC too strong...so the best thing to do is order take out or delivery.  But, despite all that, the food will be good, fresh, and won't leave a big dent in your wallet.  You will definitely get your money's worth!  In comparison, the prices are comparable to something like Panda Express, but the food is much better.
1	Decided to try this place one more time, after my first two, times there. Well third time is a charm. I ordered the easiest thing to make. Chicken, fried rice.  When I got it home it, was pork fried rice with added  over cooked chicken. And the rice was from an earlier order. they had made cause it was cold.Oh did, I mention I don't eat pork our red meat. So how did I place the wrong order?They made me another order and it was, fresh but tasted like ughhh.Ive tried all the, places, from priest to mill on university for Chinese. I, would avoid them all..not worth the cash wasted. The frozen chinese at walmart is better than this stuff. Buyer Beware
1	Ordered take out from them today and I never received my order! I was told it would be delivered with in 45-50 minutes. An hour passed by, no order, I called and they apologized for the delay but their driver was just leaving. Another hour passes by, I called again - the line was busy. I called back, they hung up the phone. I called again to explain the situation, was told they would look into it and they would call back. Needless to say, I never heard back from them.
4	With the price of gas, I really appreciate the delivery option. The drivers are always nice. (I do tip them well!) You may have to wait, the weekends in Tempe are crazy, but worth it. The cooks are the real deal.
4	Everything I have tried here is great.  Prices are very reasonable. Few things are over $9 and many are about $6. Love the shrimp fried rice with a very fair amount of medium size shrimp.Appreciate that they deliver and our fast for only a $1 fee.  They have a wide delivery area also so at home or work I can order.  I highly recommend you try their food. They say it's New York Style. I just know its darn good!  Every month I order from them a couple of times.
2	This place is a dump and the food isnt much better.The prices used to be cheap but they almost doubled the price of some menu items.They do have a good selection of vegetarian food.I would order this place pick up or delivery if I had to eat here again which I hope never happens. 2 stars at best. AVOID if possible
4	All 4 stars are based solely on their Orange Tofu. By far the best tofu I've ever had. It's a big enough order to eat off of for 3 days (unless you're sharing) and I recommend ordering Chow Mein noodles to go along with it.Other than that... Mr. Hunan ain't nothin' fancy. Panda Express has a waaaay better atmosphere and that's not saying much ;)
5	Yummiest sweet and sour shrimp I've had in a LONG time. The BEST spring rolls!! And the sweetest gentleman delivered my meal :)
1	Incredibly disappointing service. I mean really, really bad.We placed an order for delivery at 6:30 pm on a Tuesday night, not the busiest night of the week, I'm sure. We were given an estimate of 30-40 minutes. After an hour my husband called to make sure our order wasn't forgotten. The young girl on the phone said that they were very busy and the driver was on his way to our house (less than a mile from the restaurant) at that time and should arrive in 10 minutes. After another 30 minutes we called back and asked to please cancel the order, after 1 1/2 hours we no longer wanted the food. The girl on the phone shouted at my husband that none of this was her fault and was reluctant to cancel our order. She wanted to charge us for food we never received!The food is just not good enough for such poor service. If 18 year old college students can't answers phones and take simple orders don't hire them. It's simple.
4	aside from the website issues (minimum order amount is faulty, and it just being down or not functional...)  this little place has the best chinese food delivery in tempe.  quick, and suprisingly fresh and tasty.  also, big portions.i remember years ago, i lived right next door and it wasn't as good. on a whim, after a few poor meals from other chinese places round this side of town, i decided to order online again.  now, i usually order 1-3 times a week, and unfortunately have to call it in as the website has gone sour (hence 4 stars, not 5.)   the fried dumplings (potstickers,) are really legit, and the lunch combos are awesome. ive tried most of them.    the hotnsour isn't so great, but if you need a quick fix of chinese food (esp the lo mein,  and the blackbeansauce or broccoli stuff, are great...)  i work about 3 miles from the place, and at lunch i can get delivery usually under 30 mins.
4	Look no further. Best Chinese food delivery in Tempe. House Chow Mein is my favorite. Not Greasy, lots of meat and veggies. Delivery is fast and friendly.  Orange chicken was right, but rice is average. They get 4 stars because I got a crispy roll with my meal but it was really hard, maybe overcooked. Regardless, I love this restaurant. Portions are generous.
3	This place is not bad for a quick lunch. Huge portions are a plus. However, there was the one time when I waited half an hour for Orange Chicken to go. When I asked about it, the red-headed guy at the counter (yes, I'm calling you out) says "Oh, yeah. It's right here." The food was ready a long time ago, and nobody bothered to let me know. And yes, every other person that was there before and after me had their food handed to them. Thanks.
2	Okay. So I've been going here two years now. It was always speedy delivery, good food, and good service. But lately, in the last few months, the staff has changed. Delivery takes forever and the food is not nearly as good as it used to be. Food will be cold when delivered too. The only person I still recognize is the short delivery guy with the glasses. He's nice. The others, all kind of weird. This place is overrun with hipsters, it's like a den. Normally I wouldn't care but the quality of this place and it's service has gone down since. I'll be trying new Chinese restaurants from now on.
4	Best Chinese Delivery in Tempe. Broccoli shrimp is delicious. Do not order online thou. My order did not go thru and I had to call it in.
3	First visit. The chicken curry was great. No alot of sauce but lots of veggies and chicken and had a little kick to it. Unfortunately the chicken teriyaki was a disappointment. I think they forgot the sauce. Literally a box full of large chunks of tender chicken with rice on side but no sauce. There was a little in the bottom but by the third piece it dissipated. Not sure if ill order again. Maybe ill break down one of these nights for a hunan binge. Ill keep you updated.
3	I LOVE Mr. Hunans, he delivers quickly and efficiently and the pricing is not too bad.  There are some website issues but i just call in the order and they are very responsive.  The drivers were nice but they had trouble finding my suite.  As far as quality goes its good and enough so to make it my consistent Chinese food spot.
5	I have not been pleased with chinese delivery in the valley but this place is AWESOME!  I got the chicken lo mein with rice and crab wontons.  Tastes fresh.  Delicious.  not stodgy or gross.  good flavor and consistency to the noodles.  I am very happy.  I will order from here again and again.
3	Only tried two items here, but i do like the fact that they offer a small size of entrees as well as large size. You can tell alot about a place by their fried rice. The vegetable fried rice was excellent with fresh cut mushrooms and other veggies and not just frozen peas and carrots. The $1.25 egg roll was not good though, although perhaps they gave me a spring roll instead because the wrapper was not egg roll style. Could possibly try the real food here at some point, but rice was a good start.
5	AWESOME, busy place... so order ahead for take out & delivery takes a bit of time (35-45 minutes)... but it's worth it.  I'm from Chicago & I know good Chinese & this is it!
3	This place is decent although a bit sketchy. You might get shaken down for some quarters outside but it comes with the territory in this strip mall. A perfect place to catch some grub while you are waiting in your car for the laundry to finish at Clean Spin Laundromat. I wouldn't say it's the best Chinese food but after trying much of the fare in Tempe, I would say it is a safe choice. Pot stickers are actually fried dough, not frozen battered crescents.
1	So this was my first time eating here and the girls at work ordered us food from there.. We only ordered 4 lunch specials.. Well they told us 30 to 45 minutes. We ordered our food at 11AM and our food got here around 12:40PM. When we called to see what was taking so long, the phone would just ring and ring and ring and ring and ring and NO ANSWER! At first I thought they scammed us because we couldn't get a hold of anyone. When the food finally got here, my appetite was hanging by a thin hair. So the food was kind of cold and mushy. The white rice was overcooked and the orange chicken was too bready. I won't be eating there again. They need to hire some more help and stop being cheap.
2	Mr. Hunan why did you have to fail me? Were to begin. The office I work in has been ordering delivery from Mr. Hunan for years, but the last couple of times we have ordered it has taken forever, not just longer than normal, more like one & a half hours for delivery. I'm sorry if I order lunch at 11:00, I'm not expecting to eat it 12:30 and if it's going to take that long please don't tell me it will be there in a half hour, and to make matters worse we try to call and there isn't any answer...at all...for like 30 minutes calling every 10 seconds..... Anyway, we order 4 lunch specials for delivery on a Thursday afternoon for a co-workers birthday. I ordered the Chicken Lo Mein, big mistake. The chicken was cut in paper thin pieces, but that wasn't the problem. The problem was the chicken and noodles had absolutely no flavor. It tasted like boiled noodles and chicken..meh. The rice was fresh but again not a whole lot of flavor! The birthday girls Sesame Chicken was all breading and the egg roll looked like it had been re-fried. Another co-worker had the bourbon chicken, she said her's was just "ok" and the fourth had Cashew Chicken, again just "ok". Mr. Hunan was always our go to place for chinese but after being let down on food and service we probably are going to scratch it from our list.
1	We ordered food last night for delivery and didn't receive it for 2 hours. We actually ended up leaving to go get dinner somewhere else because we were tired of waiting and sick with hunger. When we called the first time (after waiting an hour) they assured us they were on their way and would be there shortly. 40 minutes later we called again and no one answered. They called us finally 2 hours after the order was placed to tell us they were at our house and seemed upset that we didn't want the food anymore and were definitely unapologetic about making us wait so long. If you order delivery definitely plan to pay cash just incase they don't show!
4	Excellent food. Really like the orange chicken combo meal. Can't go wrong. Sweet n sour pork-no pineapple's or green pepper's,but not bad...
5	Totally decent and efficient take out! They still use the cute little red and white boxes for the rice which is important to me for some reason...
1	One star because the service was good. The food was the most awful Hunan I have eaten.  Sauce on the orange tofu was a gelatinous mess. Rice wasn't terrible, but I could not stomach to eat more than a few bites of the tofu.
3	Really was hoping this place would rock since its right next to the best laundromat ever! Guys behind the counter at first didn't even seem to care we came in (we were the only ones in there) but then they were friendly enough. Food was average priced (just under $18 for two dinners, no drinks) and came out fast.We left to go tend to laundry and sat to eat our food. My cashew chicken was made with peanuts instead... wrong dish or bad disguise? Fiancee got the bourbon chicken of some kind. Flavor was good but the cuts of chicken were pretty bad. Stringy and fatty. Fried rice was just fluffy white rice with nothing in it. Egg rolls were good.So overall... meh. Could be good though!
1	I should have known better based on other reviews--learn from my mistakes!Customer service: 1 star. The dude who took my delivery order was really rude. Whatever.Speed: 1 star. 50 minutes to deliver on a Monday afternoon, but still, that seems to be the norm based on other reviews.Taste: 0 stars. Gross. I ordered the Orange Tofu, General Tso's Tofu, and Egg Fried Rice. The sauce of both of the tofu dishes were really similar, like they just added more soy sauce to the General Tso's. Both sauces were really gelatinous  and just tasted really low quality. I also felt terrible after I ate them. Just don't.
1	Agreed with the rest of the reviews which I should have read first. Steamed won tons dry, tough, and bland; chow mien noodles overcooked, bland, dry; shrimp tasted old and fishy and like the mud vein wasn't cleaned out; portion sizes on the small size for the typical Chinese restaurant although they were enough. I usually like to have some left for lunch the next day. Mongolian beef was also bland and barely spicy for a spicy dish.On the positive side, we received 2 egg-rolls that we didn't order.The price was probably average but very high for the quality of food received. We were quoted 30-45 minutes but it took about an hour to be delivered.Overall disappointed and will definitely be trying somebody else next time.
5	i love this place super fast delivery when I lived in tempe. now that I live in mesa we still drive 30 mins to pickup our order.. best hot and sour soup in Arizona.. the Mongolian pork is amazing, and I love the garlic sauce they make ...
1	I tried Mr. Hunan because they deliver but I was severely disappointed. I ordered orange tofu and plain white rice. They gave me General Tsao's tofu that was too spicy to eat and egg fried rice I couldn't eat either. I normally wouldn't complain about getting the wrong order, but this was literally inedible. What a waste. Will not order from them again.
1	Their phone service is aweful so rude the food is fair I keep trying it but the people who work here are the rudest of people I wonder if they train them to be assholes
1	Annoying when you are at the mercy of the restaurant delivery and they don't  get your order right. I was completely disappointed because not one thing came as ordered and they did not even include soy sauce packets in my delivery. I do understand there are worse things but it would be nice after travelling all day to get a great meal and thought this had pretty good YELP reviews. My order with notes -  1 Vegetable Egg Roll (greasy and stale tasting), 1 Bean Curd Vegetable Soup - Please use vegetarian broth! (came with chicken broth and lots of green peppers), 1 Vegetable Chow Mein Fun - no onions and no green peppers please! (yup, you guessed it onions) - see photos. No dinner for me tonight.
1	I ordered over the phone for delivery and it was Literally, the worst. I love Chinese. It takes a lot for it to be taste bad to me. But this was almost inedible. The rice looked like potatoes it was so overlooked. I then noticed they gave me wontons instead of pot stickers (which were burnt by the way, I probably would've chocked if id even tried to eat it.) anyways I called back and told them they messed it up and they acted as if it was my fault. Ignored me. I finally went up there and got my dumplings and left the burnt wontons on the counter so he could eat them. I HATE BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE.
1	disgusting chinese food.panda express is way better. and they mess up orders really easily. we called to notify that they messed up on their order and they didnt seem to care or make it better. bad service and nasty food.
4	Everything I've ordered from here has been pretty good. I will often stop here when I don't feel like cooking and the food comes out fast. The atmosphere isn't the greatest, but I'd you're doing take out that shouldn't be an issue.
