3	This place is straight up hood.I turned down the street and a dog was just running around. my heart broke for that dog for the rest of the night :( I wanted to take him home, clean him up and give him to someone for christmas. I see this graffiti covered building. only, not really a building because there wasn't a door. just a tiny window. not just any window, but a bullet proof one. with prison bars on the outside? ummmm.......the back doubled as a junk yard. vacuum? check. gnome? check. stray dog? random couch? check. check.my friend shouts- this is it!!!! here it is!!! I'm so excited!!! uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh there were a lot of people hanging by this 'window', they were perhaps homeless?? convicts? i don't know.but this place works like this: walk up to the window, place your order, and wait. my friend was like 'im not bringing my whole purse up there, i don't want to get pick pocketed.' so I said, 'ok, i'll bring mine. it doubles as a weapon'. and we made our way up to the window.the food was dirt cheap- we got two eggrolls, chicken fried rice, spicy chicken dinner, and 12 wontons and diet coke. we spent a total of $16.The food was A-OK and while we waited even more people came to the window. this place was hoppin.  the fried rice was the best- it was super buttery and i loooovvveee butter. the chicken was plain old breaded and fried w a glossy 'spciy' (not really at all) sauce. the fried wontons were just decent, and the eggrolls were delish. but this is not a place i would come back to. for fear of being robbed. call me angel princess, but i couldn't get over the 'ambiance' to chow down and not think twice about what type of quality meat i was eating at such cheap prices...try it if you're brave because it was definitely tasty for the price....i think....
5	I have been going for years and I have to say it is one of my favorite Chinese take out places. Closest I get to NY take out. The owner is a wonderful lady who has a sharp memory for who you are and what you order.
4	Despite feeling like you might get carjacked, stabbed or robbed every second while waiting for your food, this place is excellent!  To avoid a wait while outside of their window, I suggest  calling ahead, however, you can walk up and order.  Usually the gal who answers says it'll be 10 minutes...be prepared for a 20-25 minute wait at times.  I am a fan of the veggie egg fu young, steamed broccoli, sesame chicken, orange chicken, egg drop soup sans chicken, french fries, fried mushrooms (these are huge, like as big as tomatoes)..the list goes on.  Their combo plates have fed our family of four when we've also added an appetizer.  It's truly some of the best Chinese I've had in downtown Phoenix.  I'd equate this place to any dive Chinese joint in a large city like NY, Chicago, etc.  It looks totally unappealing but is a treasure! I have never seen anything bad happen here but  I always wear closed-toe shoes and have my hair pulled back when going here.......It seems less scary during the daytime and when the guys who work at the car repair shop right across the street are still around which I have seen be as late as 8.  Please give this little place a shot and, remember, it's cash only!!  And, there's no ATM on site either.
5	Tons of food for cheap! Decent taste and not over powering sauce. Please note: cash only.
5	What I affectionately call "Ghetto Chinese Food" or "Chinese Soul Food" if you prefer. Here are the essential characteristics of Ghetto Chinese Food, in my opinion: cheap; decent (not good or bad) cuts of meat; huge portions; a tad greasy but not so much; questionable neighborhood; suspicious looking customers; served out of a hole in the wall; and lots of chicken wings on the menu (i.e. fried, buffalo, jalapeno, garlic or BBQ).   This place has it all; that is why I give Liyuen five stars, because as far as Ghetto Chinese Food goes, this place is as good as it gets!I have had the egg foo young, several chicken dishes, the egg rolls, shrimp fried rice and the chicken wings. I've enjoyed it all.  I will  be back, especially when I want to eat a ton of food for six bucks.  If you like this place try Tam's.
