5	From the moment you approach the window... you are drawn in not only by the display of a 9 or 10 foot Alien looking being standing there, but also by the name UFO and the furnishings in the window around this alien.The concept as I see it behind UFO is to rethink your decor and furnishings, all that is new is not the method, think a little green and out of the box and see pieces in a whole new light. Recycle, reuse renew, reinvent the space around you that you call your home or office by installing a 'recyclitude' to how that space becomes your own. This business has vintage items with attitude! They re-upholster and refinish sofas, tables, beds and seating's with beautiful fabrics that give new life to pieces once discarded as old and done with. There are items that are referred to as offerings that are out of this world! From simple ornaments to pieces of artwork, placemats, pottery & vases that one could design an entirely new dwelling around if one desired.I found a deal on a cosigned wood bed frame, that I could not walk away from! I count it as the major furniture purchase of the last decade for my home. It has totally reinvented my bedroom from sleeping quarters to a stylish warm place of slumber and refueling that I enjoy retreating to!  I'm certain I'll be buying other furnishings and offerings from UFO for part of my Christmas giving and decorating desires. But I'm even more certain you'll  be finding me there long after the holidays have faded picking the brain of Leonardo Ramirez, owner & proprietor for what the future holds for all of us that adopt his 'recycletude' way of living. Phoenix Home & Gardens may have stumbled upon it and mentioned UFO in a recent publication (Nov '09 page 42-Shop Talk). However this shopper's Mecca landed unseen 6 months ago, words with out pictures can not begin to describe what landed on (3602) North 16th Street in Phoenix. I suggest you experience and see it for yourself. Get on over there this week and transport your body and mind away from the IKEA, JC Penny frame of living once and for all.
5	UFO is next to the drag shop I've previously reviewed and between the 2 shops,this dingy lil strip mall is being transformed into a destination spot.It's unnassuming from the outset,but once you step inside and learn that everything is very gently used,then reworked and turned into individual conversation pieces of comfort and decor,you'd think it would be tres expensive!Not so!The owner Leonardo has an eye for the eclectic and makes sure he keeps prices so affordable even the most frugal would be designer can bring something home.There's everything from home furnishings to objects de art and one of a kind paintings that in themselves make amazing accent pieces.The staff is inviting,and it's just a really cool space to be in.Go.Go now.
5	This place is crazy-inspiring and Leonardo is a great accent to the shop. Even if you don't know what you are looking for, this shop is filled with pieces that will revive your creativity. Very professional and welcoming, bring your open mind and be prepared to be blown away by the artwork, furniture and vibe.
5	Love this store! Great stuff from classic to classy, reto and redone, vintage, collectable and antique, there is an amazing collection of things in this shop!  I also appreciate the focus on reuse, reduce and recycle! This is a must visit for the vintage shopper!
4	Very cool shop with an ecclectic mix of odd-ball, vintage, reconditioned and original furnishings, plus some local jewery and art. Every room has its own vibe and the music (Joy Division!!) is too legit to quit.Leonardo does some really creative things with the window display so you should stop in and say hello.
5	Saw this little shop while driving in phoenix. Stopped on a whim and am SO glad that we did. Very creative stuff and the prices are not bad at all! Talked to Leonardo and we were mesmerized by him- full of creativity, great vibes, and a kind heart. Don't come across people like him or places like this very often- check it out if you are in the area, or if you aren't!
5	A MUST SEE & EXPERIENCE!! Leonardo is captivating, and shares a spiritual connection within his beautiful store. His concept, is exciting, refreshing, and very realistic. I just want to reside there. lol. So many one of a kind collectables, and not to mention his upholstry artists!! These guys are AWESOME and take pride in thier work. I love spending time at UFO (Leonardo's World) An invitation is not needed to visit. You'll be glad you did.
3	Not a bad store for finding interesting vintage "stuff"...I didn't find anything I liked, but maybe it just wasn't my style.  Definitely worth at least ONE look!
5	UFO is out of this world! But seriously, their selection is awesome. Traditional, mid-century, art deco, you name it, they have something. More important than the fact that their selection is broad, it is well-curated. Not all of it was my style, but I felt like everything was worth a look. When I went, I bought a couple of interesting wood bowls, a large blue and white porcelain oriental bowl, and a geometric sunburst-style mirror. I usually have very specific ideas about what I want, so it's rare that I walk away with such a big haul, especially from one store. I'm also fairly cheap, and unlike a lot of other vintage shops, I felt their prices corresponded well with reality. If you are an unrepentant lover of vintage/thrift shopping but you hate sifting through overflowing aisles of dusty old tchochkes and you like to pay reasonable prices, I recommend a stop at UFO.
5	This place was awesome. The owner greeted us warmly even thought we didn't walk away with anything. What a great collection and so much fun. The owner specializes in reupholstering everything and anything. He has people bring in some of the craziest furniture and he makes it into something new and wonderful. Its great to meet someone who loves what they do and are eager to share their passion. We will definitely be back for more.
5	It certainly was a pleasant surprise to walk into this store.  I had heard stories of what the owner was trying to do.  Stories and what actually has happened  can be two entirely different things.The owner, Leonardo, has created an series of environments in his store.  As you peruse, you go from one to another.  The hints of elegance are what set his store apart from others that are trying to do something similar.  If not done in the properly,  this could be a tacky mess.  It is just the opposite.  One could go in this store and consider doing something similar or totally different from what you already have.  He has the resources available to take what you already have and have it modified to an new feeling. That is such a plus!  He mentioned that his upholstery work has been mention in Phoenix House (Home) and Garden.  I can see that happen quite easily.This is not a terribly large store but the owner has used the space so wisely that it doesn't have to be.  When you do in the owner does make you feel very welcome in an appropriate way.  I wouldn't miss stopping in to UFO-Universal Furnishings and Offerings.His prices go from moderate to pricey.  Having custom upholstery done, you get what you pay for.
5	very unique and inspiring individual. Awesome show room but keep in mind you are paying for pieces of art. I am sure the people who have paid for his work love it to pieces. When i have some extra cash I will be doing some work this him. stop by and see what he is all about you wont be disappointed!
5	I am the first one to admit I am completely obsessive. When I get fixated on something, I will fret and research and scout around until I find it, ideally at the lowest price possible; half-assed substitutions not permitted. But usually these obsessions are relatively minor, you know, like the perfect vintage Chanel bag or something. So imagine my SO's dismay when I first went to Lux's new location and came home over the moon about a couch. Not just ANY couch: a midcentury semi-circular loungey tufted piece covered in butterscotch pleather that just screamed SWANK. Serendipitously, our 7-year old Ikea couch was nearing its expiration date. GAME ON.I turned the interwebs upside down looking for something similar. I learned there are lots of really ugly round couches, and lots of Miami Vice-flavored "modern" pieces, usually resplendent in white leather. I made my SO go back to Lux two more times, once for spy photos of the couch for more details, and once to ask the owner if they wanted to sell it. (No.) I scoured eBay, Craigslist, Etsy, and chi-chi modern furniture sites like a frantic squirrel. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. I eventually learned the couch came from Red, and with baited breath I contacted them, knowing full well that the pieces they deal with are exceptional in quality and price. Well, the day they told me said couch cost almost as much as the down payment on my house was a very, very dark day. Don't think there wasn't a lost hour of me wondering what I could sell and what I could skimp on to make it work. Thank God reality set in. The second that couch came home, one of the cats would inevitably jump right on it and projectile vomit a big fat hairball all over it, just like the little bastards did to the fancy Restoration Hardware duvet cover within 30 minutes of it being placed on the bed. THIS IS WHY WE CAN'T HAVE NICE THINGS.I was still licking my wounds from the Red incident, morosely scrolling through Craigslist, when the skies parted and glitter-farting unicorns came flying down. There she was, covered in stained cream and beige nubby fabric and lumpy pillows. My semicircular goddess. She needed a face lift, but her potential shined through. To whom could I trust her makeover?Leonardo at UFO was recommended by virtually everyone I spoke with, and he seemed up for the challenge, despite the frantic Crazy White Girl vibes I was emanating while explaining my obsession with the Lux couch. Thankfully Leonardo read my neurosis loud and clear. He checked in with me through the whole process, handling me perfectly with kid gloves. He brought his staff to Lux to see the piece and took photos as to recreate it as closely as possible. Mind you, I am no upholsterer, but technically this had to be ridiculously challenging -- the curves, the blind tufts, the angles of the tufts, the removal of the arms and part of the back. The quality of the workmanship on the finished piece is incredible, and somehow they managed to turn it around in about three weeks. Just amazing. Was it pricey? Well, define pricey. After house-down-payment-pricey, car-down-payment-pricey ain't nothin'. And you get what you pay for.Perhaps the most pleasant surprise of the whole process was Leonardo's shared enthusiasm for the project. He truly thrives on what he does and he radiates that positive energy as a result. He was truly a pleasure to work with and I would not hesitate to recommend his services. Plus, you'll get to meet a really genuine and passionate person in the process! What are you waiting for???In the meantime, we'll be chillaxing on our spectacular new showstopper! (Did I mention, they somehow made it magically ridiculously comfortable too? Go UFO!)
5	I have purchased furniture and have had plenty of stuff upholstered.This place deserves more interest than some others I have frequented. Great customer service from the owner who loves design with a passion.
