5	Love QuickTrip to start off with but the staff here at this location are great and really seem to like being at work
2	If you are looking for a qwik meal, qt now offers a wrap or sandwich of your choosing along with a bad of chips and a drink for $5. I picked the southwestern chicken wrap. The wrap was cut in half. The first half was delicious. The bread was extremely soft and tasty. The two face 2nd half was drowned in its own wrap juices and completely nasty.
4	Always competitive not just on Grand, but in the area as a whole.  Great $5 sandwich, chips & drink deal too.  You can never go wrong when you or your car needs a refill with a stop at QT!
3	Always clean and the have a blockbuster blue box rental in the back by the bathrooms.
4	My dad told me about this "great gas station" that is huge with a dozen pumps and very reasonable prices, this was in Texas, so when I came across one of these in Arizona, I told my husband to stop. It was very busy, but there are at least 12 pumps, with two sides, that's 24 cars that can pump gas at one time!  Seems a little big impossible doesn't it. I went in to check out the facilities and grab a soda, it was a very clean bathroom and the fountain drinks are huge and reasonable.  Good place to stop.
4	They live the name! You are quickly acknowledged as you walk in the door by the cash register peeps that are located right in front of the said door. It's a friendly sort of greeting, but there is an urgency in it that makes you feel rushed, right off the bat, lol. When you are ready to pay each cashier takes on 2 guests at a time & they just rock it out! It's efficient, but the fact that they want me to get out so quickly makes me feel a little inadequate :D Other pluses: Place is clean, they've got a little bit of everything, plenty of parking.
4	Not that I will ever drive past here again (but who knows!) this was the coolest QT I have EVAH been in!  No seriously!  They had food selections like I've never seen before - I am now in love with bacon jerky - even the roller food looked somewhat appealing.You could fill up here for the zombie apocalypse they have so much stuff but when I saw all the options you could get for coffee including a whipped topping - joy!!  And they had plenty of gas pumps too.  Yeah, I got a good surprise in Surprise at this gas station ;)
