5	As a disclaimer, this is the first time I have ever tried Tibetan food (because... Himal Chuli and Chautara are Nepalese... right?). Novice disclaimer aside, this place is absolutely fantastic.  I'm currently still basking in food coma glow as I write this while i nurse my momo baby. haha.My little brother and I walked in during a study break, not knowing what to expect and we were both happily surprised. The place is immaculate and the servers are sooo incredibly sweet and attentive. We had 3 dishes- beef sha momos, beef gyanthuk and chicken fried rice. Momos are Tibetan dumplings... and really, who doesn't love dumplings, especially if they come with hot sauce?! Gyanthuk actually reminded me a bit of japanese ramen. SOOO good. I should've asked for chopsticks--I'm so messy with forks. ha. And the fried rice was solid (honestly though, it's pretty hard to screw up fried rice. haha).In summary. Everything was delicious and the amount of food served was absolutely perfect. It definitely has the family-owned business feel and I hope this restaurant is wildly successful and more so, I hope this restaurant becomes and STAYS a State St staple =)
3	I'd never had Tibetan food, but I figured on hearty, stew-like dishes featuring chicken. I am a great guesser. I had the ginger chicken with rice. Rice, chicken, and a thick orange sauce made for a hearty meal. Well-flavored, it wasn't as spicy as I would have guessed from ginger being the focus. The consistency and general flavors reminded me a bit of tikka masala, and like tikka masala, I'd be happy to eat the sauce spooned over rice any day of the week. The chicken was good, but kind of freaked me out - the pieces were all little one-inch balls. To my knowledge, there's no place on a chicken that naturally forms that way, and it wasn't a nugget - the balls were actual chunks of chicken. So confused. One friend tried the chili chicken, and cleaned his plate. Another friend got the fried veggie patties appetizer (good), and rice soup (off-putting). Since you get your choice of veggie or chicken broth, she thought it would be a clear broth with some rice and maybe chopped up veggies. Nope. It came out looking like Cream of Wheat - or like really, really wet rice. It didn't taste like much, and was just too much of one thing. Also, Madisonians, if you're not sure where this is, I'm fairly certain it used to be the Sony store.
5	The steamed buns, hot noodle soup, and ginger tea at Taste of Tibet are perfect on a cold winter day. Don't expect a lot of bold or intense flavors from the sauces and spices in the food. The flavors here are more subtle. Do expect fresh and tasty vegetables. They are never overcooked. The service here is very friendly, too.
4	I've never had Tibetan food before, so I had no idea what to expect, but I liked this place.  The owner/waiter was very friendly and accommodating, and the food was fresh and tasty.  Reasonable prices and portion sizes, and cool pictures of the mountains. Come here for an interesting alternative for tired Chinese food.Also, they have yak meat!
3	We came in after a busy day of bike riding, beer, and volleyball and it hit the spot. We had a variety of steamers which were okay - the shrimp one was definitely the best. Make sure you try the Tibetan hot sauce - yummy. Very reasonably priced too.They let us BYOB (is that legit?), as we had some beer in a backpack. I might go back again for BYOB, but I don't think I'd come out of my way for just the food.
4	Stopped into this place while looking for a unique place for dinner on State Street.  The atmosphere was very quiet, and we enjoyed people-watching from the big picture window.  I had a bowl of beef soup with spinach, carrots, daikon, and hand-pulled noodles.  The broth was fantastic - very rich and smooth.  My companions had dumpling soup and a vegetable tofu dish, and had nothing but good things to say. The prices were ungodly cheap for the amount of food.  We didn't try appetizers, but easily could have and still been coming out under $15 a person.  I'd definitely go back, I'd like to try the yak meat!
4	We really liked this place.  I would especially recommend it for a lunch on a cold day.  It really struck me as good, hearty comfort food.  We loved the steamed buns.  They are sort of like having a good dumpling in Eastern European cuisine.We had great service even though every table was full.  It is a small place with limited seating like many others on State Street.
2	The Beef Then Thuk (a beef and noodle soup resembling pho) was outstanding. Savory, plentiful, and extremely well-seasoned. I ate with a large group and got to try a little bit of everything. And as for everything else..."what the hell is this thing?""Why is this cold?""You have to walk to the liquor store around the corner if you want alcohol.""All my utensils are dirty.""Did these vegetables come out of a bag?""This tastes like paper.""Please, get it away from me.""What were they trying to accomplish with this dish?""No do not box these up please just throw them away."
1	I don't know if authentic Tibetan food is supposed to be bland and visually unappealing, but that's what I've gotten the two times I've eaten here.  We didn't have any problems with service, but the food was just bad.
