5	i LoVe this starbucks!!between the hours of 7 - 9am it can get pretty busy. this just so happen to be between the hours i used to stop by to get my morning fix. no exaggeration, the line would be out the door, and while some may walk out and go to the next coffee shop, the staff behind the counter has an amazing system that gets you in and out within 3 minutes or less. 3 minutes might be a while to wait for coffee, but not when the consistency is always on point, the service wonderful, and considering there are 10 people waiting in front of you.It eventually got to the point where the barista's knew my order, as well as the 10 regulars orders in front of me and our drinks became a routine for staff. If that's not efficiency and great customer service, i don't know what is. =)
4	Typical Starbuck's outlet but with no drive through which is OK with me.  I like talking to the baristas face to face.  Good service and pleasant attitudes!
5	This Starbucks is great. I typically go early in the morning around 6:00 am. When you come in everyone is definitely awake, friendly and ready to serve. There are no early morning blues here. Also, I feel the service is honest here. I am not a barista myself , but I know when my drink is made right or wrong and I have never had an issue with an incorrect drink.
4	One of the better Starbucks in town. I frequent this place weekly since it is the closest one to my work. I can honestly say that they are consistent and always accurate with my drink orders. There is no drive thru but there is an easily accessible parking lot.
4	Yummy yummy
4	When I need my caffeine fix I usually drop into this Starbucks and grab me a little pick me up.  The people have always been friendly and polite, without being overly chatty and irritating.  I think they have a better understanding than most that "hey I have not had caffeine yet I am grouchy like a wild animal".  One thing that sets this Starbucks apart from the rest is that the workers here are actually helpful and knowledgable, offering suggestions and tips when called for.  They also aren't stingy and have given me a free coupon for a free drink when my ordered drink took too long (which I didn't think it did and tried to give it back but they wouldn't take it)  My only complaint is that it's a little small and lacks a sufficient plugs when I want to get my study on.  Also the outside patio area can get a little messy, thought this is not really the Starbucks fault, as there is a Baskins-Robbins next door and those customers usually spill ice cream all over the place.
