2	Hired her (and her assistant/random friend) for a wedding..  She said she was experienced with all different skin tones, and would match us fine. However, she seemed to take any natural color off our faces, so we looked a bit dull and washed out. We were told after the wedding that the makeup looked a shade too dark and that the bride looked patchy! My sister (bride), me, and my mom weren't too happy.They put so much eye makeup on my mom, she looked older and was very unhappy/uncomfortable with it the whole day, she wore sunglasses whenever she could to hide it. I told them I wanted something natural and no color, and ended up with 10min worth of blue eye shadow and really heavy eyeliner. Heather told me that I couldn't pull off more natural eyeliner, but in the end, I made her take off more than half of it (and it looked much better!).Some of the makeup looked fine in the daytime, but once the sun went down and the non-professional cameras and flashes came out, we looked pretty silly. Whatever they used under our eyes was too light and reflective. Even my dad (who doesn't usually notice these things) said we all looked weird and that we should have just done our own makeup...good: she travels to you, she's clean and careful about which tools she uses on which person, and she did a great job with my cousin and the groom's mom and sisterbad: not really good with brown skin so not really worth the price
5	Heather did my wedding this past weekend. She was amazing. She is an incredibly nice person, and just nailed exactly what we were looking for. We all wanted to look natural, but obviously made up for the wedding. She listened to everyone's desires, and we all walked away feeling like a million bucks. I would recommend her to anybody.
5	Heather did my makeup for my wedding in Nov. 2009, and I was so thrilled with her work and professionalism I hired her again last week to do my makeup for a portrait session.  She was prompt (maybe even early) and arrived with everything she could possibly need to make me camera ready.  She asked about what I was wearing and the location of the shoot.  Then she got right down to work.  Heather is so friendly & nice before I knew it she was done.  And I looked beautfiul.  Just got my pictures back yesterday - and I am so happy I hired Heather again.  Looking forward to the next time.  :)
5	Heather Wilson was an absolute blast to work with on my wedding day! She did an AMAZING job on me and my bridesmaids...we all looked like more beautiful versions of ourselves, very natural but with that little something extra every girl wants on her wedding day! I hired Heather for the whole day, and she went above and beyond the duties of a makeup artisit....providing us with safety pins for dresses, hairspray for flyways, and just making sure we all looked picture perfect. She was worth every penny! I will be recommending her to all of my friends!
