2	You can't fault the man at Als beads for being direct.  He told me that I had to many questions and he didn't have time to work with me.  I told him I planned to spend two or three hundred dollars.   I was informed told that people came in and spent far more with less questions.  Good merchandise but not for people with more than a few questions.Als beads gets two stars only for their inventory.  If it didn't have that, it would be one.
1	I was speaking to another artist this weekend and commented on the piece of jewelry she was wearing.  It had some particularly nice design work. I asked her where she'd found it and she said a place I probably had never hear of.  It was from a place her friend had, Al's.  She's an astute lady and picked up on the fact I didn't want to discuss the place and asked why.   She was really surprised what I finally told her.  Her suggestion is to ask for Al if you go in.  I won't but based on the fact she's a pretty decent person, I am passing her  suggestion along to Yelp readers.
5	Thankfully my sister-in-law directed me to Al's Beads. Now it's always on my list of stops when I go to AZ. The quality of the stones are truthfully represented, the prices are fair and the staff is very knowledgeable.  I will not buy any turquoise anywhere else, period!
1	I'm truly glad to see someone has had a better experience at Al's than myself.  Based on this latest review, might I go back there now?  Absolutely... the first day we have a blizzard in july in Phoenix with 32 degrees below zero wind chill.  (No offense to Cookie who wrote that review is intended.)
1	I am a vendor and the manager stopped by my booth to tell me about this store!  The issue is that NO ONE EVER ANWERS THE PHONE!!!  I have no idea what the hours are bc there is also no website!
5	I've visited Al's over thirty times in the last 6 or 8 months and have stopped going to other bead stores on a regular basis.  If you are looking for turquoise and Arizona style materials for jewelry I don't know of any other store where you can find the selection of turquoise, coral, abalone, and other natural materials that is available at Al's.  They also stock a wide selection of stone as well as glass and crystal beads.  The staff is very helpful and knows the inventory.  If you are looking to match a piece of turquoise or a pendant with a particular color of turquoise, this is the place to do it.  Prices are reasonable and the quality is very good.
3	I spoke with the owner of Al's Beads & Silver Jewelry at a Christmas party this weekend.  It turns out that the man who was such a pain is no longer with the company.  The owner of the company was trying to do this man a favor by employing him while he was having some hard times but it just didn't work out.  I have to admire  him for being that kind of friend.I'll be going in there soon
