1	Extremely rude hostesses informed us that there weren't any tables available at 9pm on a Thursday night - what kind of place doesn't have any tables available for walk-ins? That said, the menu looked pedestrian (think Mesa grill, more expensive) so I'd skip it.That, or wait until the hostesses are switched out.
4	This restaurant overall was excellent. I was there with a party of 4 on Sat 12/19 at 8pm and got a table right away. I find it important to note that Aria, the hotel the restaurant is in, just opened its doors on Wed 12/16 and from what I was told Fri 12/18 was the first night the restaurant was open to the public. The price point was higher; we spent around $100 per person, with drinks appetizers and salads, main courses and sides (this is excluding the 2 bottles of wine). The food was excellent and what we would expect from this type of restaurant, and though the flow of the meal was a bit on the slow side, as I said they had just opened so we expected there to be kinks for them to work out. The wait staff was nothing but friendly and helpful, other than the sommelier which left some to be desired. He didn't really know the wines, and just didn't seem like he wanted to be there given his comments. I think the only thing that was a standout negative was the napkins. I think because they are new, they have a lot of lint coming off of them, so every time someone would get up to use the restroom and the wait staff would fix the napkins, the lint would fly in the air and get in the glasses. As I said, they were new so, though it was a bit unappetizing, it was understandable. We told the hostess about it as we were leaving and they seemed aware by that point. Now, I usually don't write this much for reviews, but given the one review shown for this place (which I find did not at all give it justice), I wanted to give a little more info. Overall, great place and as Vegas locals, we will go again.
2	This is a high end steakhouse opened by Jean-Georges Vongerichten.  Let me first say, the service was great.  The waiter was very knowledgeable and  very helpful in all aspects.  For the price of the meal (this place was not cheap by any means), I was extremely disappointed.   The steaks were cooked to the requested temperature, but something was lacking in taste of the meat.  On an upside, they do provide a basil-butter sauce on the side (that was really good) and really allowed each bite to be more memorable.  Two side notes on side dishes:1) We had to send back the cream of spinach.  We had 3 orders and all the orders were excessively salty, to the point it was unbearable. They had no problem remaking the cream of spinach, but when it came back it seemed like the cream of spinach was slightly running/watery. Did they remake it or just dilute it out????2)  The single highlight of this restaurant was the side order of the truffle balls (don't know what it was exactly called).  It was ABSOLUTELY HANDS DOWN beyond delicious.Maybe the flaws were because it was a newer restaurant that just opened.  Hopefully they will get it right soon as the location and feel of the restaurant were in-line with a high end steakhouse.
3	To begin, the staff was extremely attentive, while not being intrusive. Only drawback was a bit of a constant sell to buy more items (side dishes, etc.).    We arrived for a 9:45P reservation on Friday night (New Years Day), had a round of Caipirinhas, which were excellent (and potent), then were promptly escorted to a corner table for our party of 5. The decor was modern and warm, but not wow-ing.    We ordered the following appetizers:1) Fresh Oysters: Decent oysters, not off the San Francisco peer or anything, but good nonetheless. Garlic/vinegar sauce was nice to go with.2) Sweet Breads: My first time trying these, therefore no real comparison on quality. I enjoyed this dish.Entrees: Steaks (of course)Porterhouse Steak: Probably one of the best cuts I've had in a long time. A generous portion of fillet, to go along with a good looking New York strip, this porterhouse was only simply seasoned and cooked perfectly. The porterhouse was a 24 oz. cut/$60. I would highly recommend this dish.Rib-Eye:   Others in my group had bone-in rib-eye steaks which they thoroughly enjoyed (as revealed through the shiny bone left on the plate when finished), also simply seasoned. As a further note, instead of traditional market steakhouses, freshly made in-house sauces were prepared. Each was interesting and added to the experience, however, nothing really added more than enjoying the steak as is, simply seasoned.    The downside of the experience at this restaurant came with the side dishes. The portion per side dish sparingly served two people and was extremely pricey for the quality of the side dish. For example, I believe 7 pieces of asparagus with a bit of garlic and lemon cost $14 per plate. Servings of mashed potatoes were small as well. The side dish of mushrooms was excellent, but also quite small. Honestly, I was expecting the restaurant to be less stingy with these dishes.     As for dessert, we had a run of the mill chocolate lava cake and a really interesting, delicious japanese citrus and white chocolate sorbet. This dessert was a nice combination of sour and sweet and was unlike any sorbet I've had before. Unfortunately I forgot the name of the fruit that was used. Overall, not including drinks, the dinner came to ~80/person.
3	Steak was incredible.  The sides were decent but didn't stand out at all. Seafood plate was great, extremely fresh.Our waiter meant well but needed to talk about 1/10 as much as he did and use 1/10 less words longer than 10 letters long.  He did mean well but it was painful every time he came to our table and he was ALWAYS at our table.  He was just trying to hard.The steak was incredible though.  I've gotten into my fair share of big name steaks this year and this was the best.
2	had dinner here last week. party of 2,  the room is pretty cool, very new age contemporary with a dressed down feel.  the staff was really good, service was 4 out of 5, there were a few mistakes, but they are lightyears ahead of the other places ive dined at city center so far!started with the sweetbreads witha chesnut sauce and the crab fritters. the seetbreat sauce was boring and lacking any crunch, the crab was good but the black pepper gastrique was too over powering and kind of nasty!both had the smaller bone in rib eye, cooked perfectly as ordered,  i love the garnish of the dish shaped like marrow bones, but the sauce verte inside was not so good, too much cumin and no salt or acid at all. sides were creamed spinach (no salt), french fries (very good), roasted hen of the woods mushroom (very good, but needed salt) and the raosted bone marrow. now i love bone marrow and this was good but the garnish and bread served with it was terrible.  some sort of a gremolate-lemon gelee concoction was no bueno and the bread was the equivilant of weakly toasted wonder bread,  that portion needs some work.  skipped on the dessert, bill totaled just over 300$ for 2 including a few glasses of wine, plus tip.i would give it another try, but its not the best in town
5	amazing!!!! one of the most beautiful hostess I've ever seen. i had to tell her she was beautiful. she looked like a porcelain doll. like somebody had just taken her out of a mold. sat us right down. one thing i remember about Jean George is the silverware. it was sooo light! but yet perfect. lighting set the mood. great cocktails. the perfect amount of cran for my grey goose.. waiters were very sharp.. my fillet. Yumm. i didn't need anything but my knife and fork.. but the Lil green sauce they gave me was incredible. asparagus, perfect just the way i like them. i swear every time i go to vegas. I'm stayin at the Aria and visiting sir Jean George!
5	I have no complaints!  This place was incredible.  I kept saying I wanted to marry my dinner.  Made reservations that same night and  was seated right away when we got there.  Hostess was very nice.  Servers were great too!  I ordered the 3 cheese crusted chicken-it was served with an amazing sauce and avocados....soooo good!  The mash potatoes melted in your mouth and the asparagus were perfect.  Ya it's served a la carte, but you need to go there expecting that.  It's worth the money!  I'd eat there again in a heartbeat.  Good food, good company, good wine.  Definitely eating here everytime i'm in Vegas.
5	I wanted to try a new restaurant for our seven year anniversary so we decided to look at the Aria. This place seemed good so we decided to eat there. I'm actually glad we did.First off, the waiter and servers were very accommodating. They were very sweet and even congratulated us on our anniversary. They gave us so much time to make our minds up on the menu and to talk to one another. I really wasn't used to that.We ordered the calamari as an appetizer and I ordered the salmon while he ordered the filet mignon. The calamari was way better than I expected. It was not greasy and the sauce was to die for. It had the texture of tartar sauce, but with a chipotle spicy taste. I was not expecting that at all. It was so good. Drool!I was very happy with my salmon. It was lightly seasoned on a bed of mashed potatoes. Something about mashed potatoes at a fancy restaurant. They always seem to taste better than the kind at KFC. hehe The vegetables were crisps and nicely salted. Let's just say I was very stuffed at the end of the meal. My fiance enjoyed his filet mignon as well, but he was sad he didn't get the 12 ounce instead of the 8 ounce. Overall I would say that it was a great place for our anniversary. The atmosphere was very cozy and the service was just excellent as well as the food.
3	My friend and I were about an hour late, but we were accommodated. The whole staff was friendly. We started with two flutes of champagne and a seafood platter that had oysters, clams, lobster, shrimp, and the biggest crab leg I've honestly ever seen. The three sauces that accompanied the seafood platter were all divine. We were served different types of breads with butter, a soft mini pretzel roll, spicy, large fancy cracker, and a chewy raisin type. I just couldn't get enough of these! The different textures were a delight. Then came the expensive bottle of  Riesling which i practically finished myself before the Entree was even ordered. I asked for the label. But, I guess they forgot. I regret this. It was the best Reisling I've ever had. I ordered the smallest portion of filet mignon and a side order of roasted bone marrow. I never would've thought that bone marrow would be that tasty. a woman stopped by the table and took some photos. It was then that I realized, I took too long noshing on bread and guzzling  sumptuous wine. I looked at that picture perfect, untouched filet mignon. I was full when it came time to dive into the magical creation that was the reason for coming. It ended up in a doggie bag. Shameful I know. I never got to try it. The pictures were nice. The prices I'm sure were way out of my economic league. I bet the bill would've been a car payment. But, thanks to my well-to-do friend, who $$$$splurged on me, I got to experience this epicurean adventure.Would I return. Doubtful. But, splendid experience.
4	Probably the first time I have ever had a $26 cheeseburger.  Wow is all I can say.  It was truly delicious.  Most in my party had steaks and all said they were delicious.  Also, a really fantastic salad.  I had the wedge and it was incredible!I did not care for the appetizers - we had seafood samplers and a fried mozzarella.  The fried mozzarella had a burnt taste so I think it was fried too long.  Would have been happy with bowling alley cheesesticks.   : )Anyways, worth a visit for fine dining!
5	"Wow!"  That was what each of us exclaimed after each bite during our dinner at Jean-Georges Steakhouse.  3 of us ordered the tomato with avocado salad and all agreed that it was amazing.  There was one Caesar Salad ordered and was told that it was good.Main courses were fillet's and NY strip with sides of a baked potato, parmesan mashed potatoes and caramelized brussel sprouts.  They brought out several sauces, but everyone seemed to gravitate to the soy ginger.  The steaks were cooked to perfection with amazing flavor.Now, for dessert;  We ordered the caramelized banana cake with caramel ice cream and it was amazing!  OMG! Overall, this was my favorite restaurant on our trip to Vegas.
5	Jean Georges Steakhouse deserves 4.5 stars but I'll happily round up to 5 because of the generous servings of truffles :) On Saturday night, we asked for the last possible reservation which was 10:45 pm. When in Vegas, I like to do everything late :) Maybe the somewhat loud music was also because it was later in the evening? A lot of different servers came to our table which was a little confusing but maybe they were just trying to move us out more quickly? We started with a yummy bottle of New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc and the tuna tartar and lobster bisque as appetizers. These, along with the bread selection including "pretzel bread" were a great start to a great meal. We ended up choosing the salmon with truffle vinegarette to share as a main dish. The salmon was almost sashimi-rare and was delicious especially with the truffle vinegarette on top. This dish also came with chopped up brussel sprouts which I loved and special mashed potatoes that I'm pretty sure also had truffles in them. Have I mentioned that I love truffles and feel so spoiled every time I eat them?! The bone marrow was also very good and so salty. We had to ask for advice on how to eat it...We were too stuffed for dessert and actually took our last glass of wine down to the casino floor with us since we didn't want to make all the servers wait for us to finish it... One final thought =  yummy truffles!!! :)
5	Jean Georges' restaurants are very hit or miss with me... I love Jojo and Spice Market but was lukewarm on Perry Street and did not care for Nougatine.  However, this Vegas Steakhouse is fantastic and I would go here over the other Vegas Steakhouses any day.I started off with my standard Caesar salad.   Hard to screw up (though some places manage to!) but there are various ways to make it notable (see my Strip House review).  Many places use big, thin fresh cuts of parmesan but Jean Georges takes a different tack.  The parmesan is grated so small and light that it literally seems fluffy and melts immediately on the tongue.  NICE.Next was the sweetbreads.  If a chef is willing to serve this, he knows his stuff, and these were cooked in an extremely (and mercifully) light sesame truffle sauce.  Very good, and a nice change from typical steakhouse fare.Normally I like to go for the filet, but when I see a soy-glazed short rib, I have to have it.  It's literally a compulsion.  I can get a great filet any time in NYC, and I'm glad I went with the short rib because it was amazing.  I think even better than the short rib at BLT prime because of the soy glaze.  Served up with a side of creamed spinach and a glass of South Australian Shiraz, it really hits the spot.
3	A Vegas trip is never quite complete unless it involves a visit to one of the city's premiere steakhouses.  This time around, we found our way to the newest kid on the block:  Jean Georges Steakhouse (conveniently located inside the Aria hotel where we happened to be staying at the time).First, I must comment on the beautiful and stylish decor  inside the restaurant.  The design was immaculate and very chic ... right down to the "island sinks" inside the bathroom.  Service was on point including our friendly and very knowledgeable waitress.As for the food, well, we started out with the grilled foie gras terrine (what a surprise right? I'm almost positive that I'm addicted to this stuff).  Grilled / terrine? Doesn't quite make sense right? Apparently, thanks to our waitress, the foie is at first grilled then prepared in terrine form - so don't expect it to be seared.  I still am not 100% convinced that I truly liked this preparation - I've certainly had better ... but it certainly was not bad by anyone's standard.  As for the main course, my girlfriend and I decided to split the 28oz bone in rib-eye.  As much as I wanted to like it ... I found the meat a bit uneven when it came to its flavor.  It was at times a bit too salty depending on which area of the steak I was eating ... perhaps this is not unusual ... but this is certainly the first time I've taken notice.  For the sides, we had the truffled mash potatoes and the grilled bone marrow.  The truffled mash was excellent ... one of the best, if not thee best,  preparation of this dish I've ever had.  You can certainly taste the truffle flavor all over this excellent dish.  As for the bone marrow, well, it is INSANE!!!  Never have I had a side dish that consisted of this much bone marrow grilled to perfection.  I actually physically felt my cholesterol jump a few hundred points as I delicately scooped the marrow into my mouth.  It accompanied the rib-eye perfectly along with the gremolata that it was served with. Be warned that this is a huge portion ... so please don't forget to prophylax yourself with your cholesterol lowering drug of choice (mine would be Lipitor). Fearing a massive coronary ... we opted not to have dessert.Overall, I would give Jean Georges a 3.5 stars - the decor, ambience and service would definitely be a 4-4.5 stars.  As great as the side dishes were, I felt that the ribe-eye wasn't quite up to par (especially compared to the side dishes) and therefore I would have to rate it a 3. Harsh, I realize, but then again this is the land of Carnevino, Cut, SW steakhouse, Craftsteak, Delmonico, Smith & Wollensky among others.  With that much competition within a 10mile radius ... 3 stars is actually not that bad. As great as the setting, ambience and service were ...  in the end,  I felt that Jean Georges, dare I say it, failed to deliver.
3	First off, I came here for a business meeting on a Tuesday night without any resos.  The place was packed so we waited about an hour or so, which shows how much Vegas is hurting right?  This place is a big restaurant with a very nice ambiance.  No complaints here on that front.  We had a table of 5 and everyone ordered different things.  Although everything was good, nothing was great.  My short ribs were ok, definitely not even close to the best i've ever had, that's for sure.  I think it had to do with the flavoring perhaps??  Mashed potatoes were good, as was the wedge salad.  Service was spot on and drinks were good and strong.  All around, 3 to 3.5 stars but with all the steak houses in Vegas, you may want to try another.
4	Hostesses - YumTuna Tartare - MehBone marrow - okFoie gras - okTruffle ball thing(forgot what i ordered) - YumRib Eye - perfectly done.
3	I always have to eat at a steak place at least once when I'm in Vegas. Decided to try this place out because MGM was footing the bill. Came in early and sat at the bar because I wanted to be in and out as quick as possible.I wasn't really that hungry so I ordered the tasting menu. Tuna tartare was prepared in the same generic fashion found in any number of restaurants. Tuna + citrusy/tomatoey/cilantro mix + some form of avocado + chip(s). The best part about this dish was the shrimp chip. Very light and crisp.  The foie gras was good. The portion was pretty small, even for a tasting menu. Sea bass was good. Nice crust and the broth complemented the fish well. The steak on the tasting menu was a petite filet. The filet was good, for a filet. It was cooked properly. The grilled mushroom that came with it was pretty good. The desert item was one of those chocolate lava cakes w/ ice cream. I'm not particularly fond of sweets, but the cake was really good. The cake wasn't too flourly and it was packed with oozing chocolate.  I enjoyed watching it ooze, probably more than I should have. The guys working at the bar were cool and very attentive. The blond waitress was the hottest girl I remember seeing in Vegas that weekend. Gorgeous, stunningly elegant in that dress she had on, and she looked unbelievably good serving my meat. Next time I'm ordering a bigger piece of meat, none of that petite shit.
2	+The food was good.+The service was very good.-Not shy about the prices ($200+ per couple)Big (-)...The music blasts.  This is a very nice dining room that has music piped in that might be appropraite in the bar in front, but not in the dining room.  It then causes the guests to have to raise their voices over the music to be able to cave a conversation at their table, all of it making for a very noisy dining room.The manager and the waitress agreed, said that they hear the compaints all the time, but were told by senior management that they can not change the volume of the music. Two stars because sometimes the owners need to listen the the patrons even if they have a "vision" of what it should be.
2	The food was fine, but my problem was with the service.  Our waiter was hard to catch, and I ended up having to get help from the sommelier twice because he was the only one who checked on us.  The sauce that came with my steak had cilantro in it, which I dislike.  I asked if they could make it without the cilantro, and the waiter was pretty rude and told me that they don't make the sauce fresh, so they can't make it without any ingredients.  I would think an expensive restaurant like this would make their sauces fresh and would accommodate patrons.I agree with everyone else-- the music was too loud.  I couldn't carry on a conversation with my guests at all.  If you're looking for a good steakhouse, try the one at Circus Circus.  If you want to spend a bunch of money on a mediocre dinner so you can brag to your friends, try Jean-Georges.
5	Maybe we were lucky that nite, our servers were very polite, helpful and accomodative. Got a not-so-nice table next to some drunk people talking extremely loud, requested a change of table and no problem at all. Must try their homemade soda! Cherry yuzu flavor is really delicious...Seafood tower is definitely outstanding! Loved it. ^_^Bone marrow is good. Fatty and flavorful. Comes with a few slices of crunchy toast. Yummm...Bone in ribeye and bone in filet mignon are as good as other top steakhouses. Very nice. Mushroom as side - what a joke. Very small portion and nothing really special. Could have skipped it. Lastly, interesting logo on their menus and decor. Guess what it is? Hint: a part of a cow's body.
4	I thought the service and quality was inline with other Jean Georges..i had the soy glazed short ribs in yuzu sauce, bone marrow and white burgendy to compliment. very very good. bone marrow is prepared butterflied vs. cross section....a bit different from what i'm use to but good nevertheless.. i do recommend it. Wed night is obviously better due to less crowds but i heard it can be a mad house here on the weekends.and it doesn't hurt to see be seated next to Bobby Lee (madTV).
3	Had a chance to dine there on two occasions on recent business trips to lost wages. They offer a slightly different experience than the old standards i.e. Ruth's Chris Morton's etc. The fresh baked breads are great, and they offer a variety of sauces that complement the meat. Chic decor also enhances the experience. Instead of an "old boy club" classic steak house feel, this place has a more modern motif which although a bit cold, I prefer.
5	Jean George Vongerichten has done it again. Actually, this time he let his talented executive chef, Robert Moore, do his thing. This is NOT your typical run of the mill steakhouse that serves the same old chops, mac n cheese, wedge salads, and shrimp cocktail. This is MUCH more!As you would expect, the steaks are fantastic. The kobe is to die for, but can put a major dent in the wallet. I suggest splitting a few ounces amongst the table for the experience alone, you can cut it with a spoon and it melts in your mouth. The accompanying sauces with the steaks are ridiculous. Sure a steak should speak for itself (and they certainly do here), but you are missing out if you haven't tried the soy-rice wine sauce. All in all, the food here exemplifies culinary mastery in terms of creativity, balance, depth, and quality choices of ingredients. From the oysters, to the hamachi, to the salads, to the steaks, to the dessert, you will not be let down. They also have a pretty impressive wine list. Eating here makes Mastros, Mortons, the Palm, and all your tired cookiecutter steakhouses look like a big waste of time, money and calories.However, if you are looking for a big waste of time, money and chicks who have had more than their fair share of calories, then go downstairs to ARIA's lackluster nightclub Haze.
5	A great friend treated a group of us to dinner here on his 40th birthday. We were put in a private room that was awesome! Service was great, the wine we had was excellent and well paired -- I didn't take a full look at the list but it was a manageable size, had all the cult labels and associated prices and then based on what we had also has some excellent price performers from spain and italy. Everyone loved their food. The starters were all tasty, the steaks were excellent. We're not big fans of steaks at a restaurant but we loved these.I would go back here although it would be hard to match the experience of this party.
4	Two of my coworkers and I visited Jean-Georges Steakhouse last week since we had resort credit at Aria that was setting our pockets en fuego.  We knew it would be pricey and expected the food to be delectable.  Both assumptions were proven to be accurate.Decor is posh.  Lots of abstract cow faces all about the room (once you arrive, you'll see what I mean).  Also enhancing the decor is the group of constant gawkers standing in front of the restaurant who look at the menu and gaze inside, hoping to see a celebrity or otherwise rich person.My meal was fantastic.  An uncannily delicious Caesar salad started my evening.  Lemony, light, and topped with fresh, mouthwatering Romano.  Maybe my favorite Caesar of recent years.  The freebie breads were also tasty, adding a nice bit of peripheral value to the high prices of the dishes.  Next came the main course - 12 oz. filet, cooked rare-med rare, with creamed spinach and some shared asparagus.  The steak was lovely - seared on the outside, warm and red middle, flavorful and thoroughly enjoyable.  My 12 ouncer was more like a solid pound of filet, thus keeping the enjoyment alive for a few more savory minutes.  The sides were both excellently prepared, with the asparagus being a wonderful surprise.  Simultaneously, I enjoyed a Hitachino Nest White Ale, a beer I'd never before tried.  This added another bit of happiness to an already memorable meal.My only "Eh, Not so Sure About This" at Jean-Georges was the service.  Our primary server was attentive as is to be expected at both a high-end steakhouse and at a restaurant with only 4 other customers present (we went early).  On the other hand, the server's assistants were quite clumsy and made several fumbles during our meal.  For example, one assistant acted as though the thought of a split check was the Grand Unified Theory of particle physics and I'm fairly sure a tear came to his eye when I asked that unforgivable inquiry.  Additionally, one assistant poured a colleague's bottled beverage into the cups of the other people at our table who weren't enjoying this beverage, effectively mixing two things that did not mix and wasting my colleague's investment.On the whole, I provide a strong recommendation for this restaurant.  I suggest going around 6:30; that way you beat the rush but can enjoy the show.  Viva!
4	Rate 4.5Jean-Georges Steakhouse was a overall remarkable experience. Entertaining some business associates and being that its a new hotel and the restaurant received favorable reviews, Jean-Georges Steakhouse was the place to be and did not disappoint!Service:The Hostess was extremely friendly with a wonderful smile.The bartender was friendly and made drinks to order.Waiters was attentive and his service was second to none.Meal:Order the Cesar Salad and it was very good. For an entre' had to go with the New York Steak and my gosh it was... for lack of better word... indescribable. Meating and savory taste. Complimented the steak with french fries... original right?Dessert:Please get the warm chocolate cake with ice cream. It is brilliant!Decor:It's dark, It's bold, it's mysterious, it's beautiful.A definite must and would recommend it, I would go back once my pockets recover a bit though. (lol).
5	What a mixed bag of reviews. I have to say, and I think I speak for the rest of the party I was with, this place was awesome. The restaurant was not decorated in the normal steakhouse design. They have cool images of a cow's nose running throughout the place. It was cool and dark with a modern edge. The service started out stellar and continued that way. We had two servers for our table of two. They were very knowledgeable and quick to respond to our needs. They provided great recommendations for food. The sommelier was good. I felt she got a good feel for what we were looking for and provided a good bottle. We started out with drinks and I heard no complaints. I had the cucumber-gin drink. A little sweet, but still really good. We got 3 starters to share; grilled foie gras, rice cracker tuna and a mozzarella dish. The foie gras was good. I can see why people like it. butter and rich with a smokey flavor, thanks to the grill. The mozzarella dish was nice and simple. The cheese was amazing. It was a Caprese salad with out being one. The tuna was a hit. Crispy outside and perfectly rare in the middle. My wife is not a huge seafood fan and really enjoyed it. The sriracha mayo with it was perfect. They serve jalapeno crackers with the bread dish. We all tried it with the tuna and it was better than what it was served with. We told the waiter and he said he had been telling the chef the same thing. I had the lamb chops. Perfectly cooked medium rare and seasoned well. The green peppery sauce was a great accompaniment. My wife and her friend split the chicken dish. The really liked it and I got a taste. It was pretty damn good for a simple chicken dish. Our other friend got a fish plate, I think it was the sea bass. I shared my lamb, which was a hard thing to do, for some fish. Not as good as the lamb, but good. We also had the broccoli rapini and the mashed blue cheese potatoes. I can't speak for everyone on the rapini, but I like it. The potatoes on the other hand, we fought over who got to lick the cast iron dish it can in! They were, to me, the best thing on the table. What a great place for any occasion.
3	Dinner for Two and a bottle of wine = $450 not including tip .What more can I say? It's Las Vegas, Everything is ridiculously overpriced. Was the price worth the hype ? Hell No. Jean George has made a name for itself nationwide for having best and highest quality of food. I guess when opening the Jean Georges steakhouse in Las Vegas, it became all about the decor and not the quality of the food.When you walk into Jean Georges, just by looking at the beautiful and extravagant decor, you know you're not walking into a budget friendly environment.  We chose this place because the Jean Georges in New York has amazing quality of food so we expected the same here.We ordered the steak, it was pretty good. It just lacks that "wowwwwwww" factor. When it's a $$$$ type of restaurant, you're expecting to leave with that taste of satisfaction that the price of the meal isn't even relevant.The service was impeccable. The waiter attended to us the entire night. With me being picky, we had a hard time picking the right bottle of wine, so we sampled and purchased many glasses of wine before picking the right one. And thanks to the expertise of our waiter,  we found the perfect bottle of wine for us.I personally wouldn't return here again, this is nothing like the other Jean Georges owned restaurants. It's all about decor, service and mediocre food here just like many of the other Las Vegas restaurants.
3	I loved the decor of the place. For two we ordered 3 appetizers - broccoli, bone marrow and mashed potatoes, and an entree each. I had the scallops and the BF had the ribeye. Everything was delicious and service was pretty good although they didn't do a great job taking away our finished dishes. The restaurant also has someone taking photographs of the patrons and offering printed photos for purchase. It's a nice (although overpriced) way to capture the moment since it's way too dark to take decent photos with a p&s camera flash. Overall if you're staying at Aria I'd recommend the place but not sure I'd go out of my way to come back.
4	This review is long overdue, I was overwhelmed with wonderful things to say after dining here a few months ago and couldn't form complete sentences after drinking so much wonderful wine that night, but I'm here now to rectify the situation.This is a top tier restaurant, people.  Yes, it is expensive, but that's part of it's m.o.  Think special occasion dinner, or just a regular Tuesday evening for a millionaire.Everything we ate was fantastic - steak that melted in our mouths, scrumptious lobster, perfectly cooked asparagus.  One star off due to an issue over the price of the wine we ordered.  There was a miscommunication between us and the waiter resulting in a few hundred dollar error - something we were not about to pay.  It took quite a bit of dignified squabbling for it be sorted out.  In total, our bill for three people, with the correct bottle of wine, salads, entrees, two sides, pre- and post-dinner drinks, and a dessert: $450 including tip.  If you're nearby, this ia a great option.  If you're a little bit north, check out the Country Club at the Wynn.
5	Amazing experience! We had our own private dinning room for a party of 10. The service was top notch. We even had our own wine specialist to accommodate our request. Ordered calamari, oysters, bone marrow, and kobe steak sashimi for our appetizers. All I can say is WOW on everything! This place serves some top quality stuff.I ordered the filet mignon for my entree which came with spinach and fries. Tender, juicy flavorful...best filet mignon I had so far. My friend ordered kobe steak graded A-5 meaning the best graded steak you can get in the states. He was kind enough to give me a piece to try and I said kind because it was $25 an ounce for that steak!I would do this all over again only if I can afford it. Our bill was hefty but it was all worth the experience!
5	THE BEST steak house in Las Vegas. Love the food, the decor, and the service!!! This chef is spectacular! We went with someone who has an allergy to anything with gluten in it. The waitress was so careful with all the food she brought us, she checked several times to make sure everything was OK for my friend to eat.  That was a real relief, most times waiters and waitresses just say something is ok to eat, when actually it is not...this was NOT the case at Jean Georges- they truly cared to make sure my friend was ok.Our food was so good, OMG if I could eat there everyday(with an unlimited budget- and no getting fat concerns I would!)The Steak was SOOOOOOO good, my husband got the Tomahawk steak  and  it was YUMMMMMMMY! and IMMENSE! Enough food to last for lunch for the 2 of us for the next day. It was the finest steak I have ever had the honor of eating in my LIFE.I had the oysters and the short ribs. They were both so good, I am salivating as I write this. The SHORT RIBS are NOT TO BE MISSED!The wine stewart( or stewardness as she is a hot girl) was so thoughtful in our choices of wine, she paired things to our order perfectly.  She really knows her stuff.I forgot to mention the drinks from the bartender were so special and unique- like nothing else I have ever had...he really knows how to mix a Tasty yummy beautiful drink.( This is the classiest bar in Vegas)Oh Jean Georges, you are the very best!
4	Checked in as 3 teenagers, I was 19 then accompanied by my brother and boyfriend.We stayed in Aria SS for like 2 nights while our parents somewhere in the jungle of cards.Checked in for dinner. We all dressed very casual, meaning shorts and t-shirts. I heard that this place has Wagyu Kobe Beef. We came here for that purpose only.Here it is.1. Calamari = It was decent calamari. This is the kind of calamari appetizer I would like to find in other places. Crispy, crunchy, and chewy.2. Tuna Rice *something* = It was probably one of the best appetizer that I have ever got in my life3. Maine Lobster Tail = It was one of the entree we chose. It was very light. I didn't expect the lobster to be cooked so well and perfect. The sauce was perfect. I found that there was a hint of coriander in the sauce. The sauce was light too.4. NY Strip Wagyu Kobe Beef - It MELTED in my mouth. One of the best meat I've ever eaten. We ordered 4 oz which costed $19 per oz. It was worth it. The flavor in meat was not overpowering the texture of the Wagyu beef.5. Filet Mignon Wagyu Kobe Beef- THIS IS AN ORGASM! The three of us sample this delicacy, and we all agreed that this was the BEST FOOD ORGASM ever. The meat melted in your mouth. It was so juicy, tender, and you name it all. It was ORGASMIC6. Filet Mignon Steak - Okay, after having that orgasm in your mouth, this meat tasted like rubber? The flavor was well thought of. I like the flavor. 7. Dessert, Coconut Ice *something* ANOTHER ORGASM!!!!!8. Side Items .Grilled Asparagus, The best ASPARAGUS GRILLED EVER!!! It was $12 for 6 sticks of asparagus. The service This what makes me take off one star from Jean-Georges Steakhouse. The waiter did not take us seriously at first when we order 9 oz worth of Wagyu Beef.  The waitress wasn't that attentive with us. In all, I will go back and spend my money here again , or should I say someone else's money ? In this case, it was the hotel.Do I feel bad spending almost a grand? No. Am I spoiled? I do not think  so.
1	Aria hotel is great, but........went to Jean Georges with 11 of my closest friends... the food was good and the service absolutely sucked... the worst service I have gotten from any restaurant ever... It started bad by having to ask the waitress for drinks and went downhill from there... even speaking with the manager 2X didn't improve things much... and bill time... bill wrong and took 3 more wrong bills and an hour to get out of there... will return to the Aria but Jean Georges will never be seeing me again...
4	Great restaurant. I loved the design. The foie gras was delish. The tartare was excellent too. I just do not understand why they never give enough bread for these dishes ( that applies to all restaurants ).. But no big deal, they'll give you more. Good selection of wines by the glass and the Grand Marnier souffle was to die for. Service was impeccable.
4	Had a late dinner here with my husband and three other friends after the "Elvis" show on February 13, 2010.Upscale, comfortable atmosphere. Terrific steaks and tasty accompanying dishes. Great service.
5	Phenomenal. Katie and Tim were awesome servers and very attentive - get them if you can! Best cheeseburger ever! The truffle fritters were amazing! The short ribs melt in your mouth. Also, you have to try the Alien Ginger Margarita. Finished up with Salted Caramel Hot Fudge Sundae - unique and delicious! Whoever left this place less than 3 stars must have ordered the wrong thing. Everyhing we ordered was fabulous.
5	My fiance and I ate the select menu for Valntines day and are still talking about how wonderful it was.....very expensive, but wonderful.  The service was very nice and we were seated immediately upon arriving for our reservation.  The wine & drinks recommended were a perfect accomodation to the meal...you will not be sorry you enjoyed a meal here.
1	Yikes...what is up with people...so snooty! Had cocktails with clients and all we wanted was a great steak, no apps or deserts just a steak and a couple glasses of wine. Place was not full but at 830pm on a Wednesday night we were told there was nothing available...there were plenty of open seats, upon turning around and about to leave I asked if we could sit at the bar with a full menu and told yes...why does one have to ask...it should be offered.Ordered a Fillet Mignon and a NY....OMG my NY was the saltiest piece of meat ever to pass my lips!!!! That kind of capped the experience...we returned the steak asked for the check and outta there...and will not be back...I recommend you steer clear also unless you really like restrooms as that was the coolest thing about Jean George steak house...
1	Meal was so so at best. Had tomahawk ribeye which was raved by the waiter. The ribeye was like $70 and didn't meet my expectations. We'd a table of 15 and barely got service. Very disappointed.
5	Amazing experience! Went there with a group of 15 people and we had an unforgettable night. Service was impeccable, the filets and side dishes were perfect. Had a few bottles of Black Chicken Cabernet, a great recommendation from the sommlier. It is expensive, but you get what you pay for. Real Kobe beef from Japan = $33/oz. with a 3 oz. minimum order. Be prepared for an experience :)
4	Wondeful meal, great service,they used multiple servers, prices a bit high. Mashed pototoes were runny. $170 for 2 with no drinks or dessert
5	This was one of (if not the) the best steak houses I have ever been to, and I am picky about steaks.We had late Saturday night dinner with my husband. Loved the ambiance, service and the wine list (Our favorite is "Flowers" Red)Great choice of appetizers. We enjoyed the bread basket (pretzel bread is too die for) the Burrata Mozzarella Salad, Tuna Tartare, and Terrific steak with Soy-Miso Butter. We left happy, full and with fond memories from the evening.  We would revisit next time we are in Las Vegas.
5	Delicious. I love the service they give here, although my boyfriend and I were noticeably the youngest people there. I had the "spoiled child" vibe from other patrons, but who cares! Let's get our steak on!The bread appetizers were interesting and delicious. I am a bread person, so a big plus.Everything is ordered a la carte, so he got the lamb, and I got an 8 ounce steak and creamed spinach. My dishes were delicious. His lamb was outstanding. I liked the green dipping sauce the meats came in. It definitely added another rich dimension to the meat. Both of us have smallish appetites, so the portions they gave us were perfect. There is an attention to detail, which I love about this restaurant. I do feel well taken care of, and extremely comfortable. Definitely a place I would come back to.
5	3.5 star average? what a shame! this place is amazing. the ambiance is perfect, the food is delicious and the service is impressive. i went here for my birthday and had a delicious steak with lobster mashed potatoes and asparagus. to start, our table shared the bacon-wrapped shrimp and the caprese salad (though the portions were pretty small). our server came out with a delicious warm chocolate lava cake and ice cream with a "happy birthday" written on it. its kind of expensive but it was a really good meal and i was impressed during my entire stay.
2	10 of us went to dinner and 80% of our meals were cooked perfectly. Only food, which was overcooked was my Porterhouse and my buddy's StripOtherwise meal was fine. Nothing special though. Cheese factor: Some Disney style photographer came in and shot a photo of us. Then came back 45 minutes later to sell us the photo. Really, really Jean George. You tried to sell us some crappy photo at a $1,500 meal. You went from somewhat classy to super cheezey.
4	this restaurant was amazing. my bf and i dined here before going to a show and were blown away. i got the filet mignon and he got the kobe hamburger (i should interject that my bf loves, loves, loves burgers!). my steak was one of the best i've ever had, hands-down. it was perfectly cooked with an amazing salsa verde sauce on the side. it came with an assortment of other sauces including bearnaise, some house sauce...not sure of the others because i was down with the salsa verde! i got a side of asparagus that was cooked perfectly, seasoned with olive oil and a crispy lemon peel on top.  amazing.the bread basket with their pretzel bread and other varieties was good, too.they made a delicious bellini with fresh fruit...i enjoyed several :)the atmosphere is very rich...deep, dark, welcoming.you feel like like it envelopes you.fine dining at its best.very well done.
4	Went here with fellow co-workers after the SEMA Show. Very nicely decorated and the food was amazing. We got a nice table that was in a half circle which made for great sound. The menu is a silhouette of a cow, which made the cute bone marrow-looking dip holders interesting.Skipped appetizer but had the lychee bellinni. refreshing but wimpy in terms of alcohol, which i likemeal: got the 8-oz Filet Mignon. Fantastic! the meat was well done (they butterflied it for me) but very moist and juicy. my side was the Black Truffle & Comte Fritter. these delectable balls of goodness melted in your mouth. the truffle taste was perfect. i wish they gave more but there were about 8 or so on the plate. so i got my filli tried the hubby's salt and pepper baked potato. interesting. the entire skin is encrusted with S&P. i might try this at homeno one ordered the broiled bone marrow, but i have tasted bone marrow before and i am sure it was probably good there.i love the sauces they gave and i slathered mine in the soy-miso butter. i recommend that sauce. the miso on the filet was excellent.dessert: the group shared the lava cake. always good. but who can go wrong with souffle?very expensive here, though. come ready to plop more than $100 per person...
5	Second stop in a foodie crawl through Aria/Crystals.  When we first walked in, I was a little apprehensive.  The bartender seemed confused as to why we were there, asking if we were waiting for a table (the place was empty).  When we told him we just wanted drinks and snacks, he didn't say anything but just handed us a cocktail menu and food menu.  I ordered my drink, a ginger margarita, and the bartender ran off to make it without asking my husband what he wanted, which was odd.  But then he delivered the drink and took my husband's drink order.  Different kind of system I guess.I grabbed the free popcorn at the bar and started chowing down.  Nothing was getting me down today.  My ginger margarita ($14) was excellent - to the point where I had to hold myself back from chugging it.  My husband's lychee bellini ($14) looked pretty but I didn't try it.  He enjoyed it.By the way, the coasters are apparently supposed to depict a cow.  I had to stare at it a while to see it.  Look at my pics, imagine some eyes, and you'll see it.  The design is all over the restaurant.  At first I thought it was supposed to depict a fork on LSD.We decided to order the steak tartare ($20), which interestingly enough comes with basil (not parsley), quail egg, and lime juice.  Extremely yummy! It comes with the best french fries ever! We also got the truffle fritters ($12) and, OMG, these were the best!  Just the right about of truffle, nice and cheesy inside.  So good.  And the right portion size at 8 fritters.Even though we were only ordering appetizers and drinks, the bartender brought by bread.  We got pretzel bread and cherry pecan.  The bread was really, really good.  I love pretzel bread and he gave us three pieces.  I almost ate too much, which would have ruined me for the next two restaurants in the foodie crawl so I limited myself to one piece.The bartender was super friendly - I think he was just feeling us out in the beginning.  He started chatting us up and we got some info from him on why so many restaurants were closed in Aria that night (American Fish, Bar Masa, Sirio, Sage) with NFR and the marathon in town.  He said that Aria is an occupancy based property and they were only at 30% occupancy so when that happens some of the restaurants close to keep costs down.  People don't really walk in off the street.  Bummer.Towards the end of the meal, some guy who was getting comped sat down next to us and was being a real prick.  So that probably explains why the bartender was standoffish at the beginning.  This was my favorite restaurant of the foodie crawl.  A nice surprise!
5	i was extremely impressed with the service, food quality and price for the portion size.   I got some sort of seafood sampler platter.. .Man I just made that sound low end....    this is wayyyy better than Denny's, I promise.  Being from New England, I have high standards for sea food and this did not disappoint.  Everything was extremely fresh (or tasted and smelled fresh) and was prepared very well.   I just came here for a bit with a friend and I am sad to report that I didnt get to enjoy a full meal.  But if the rest of their menu shares the same quality, I give this my humble blessing......
4	Came in here last week with low expectations based on the reviews, but was impressed. The first time I ate here I had dinner at the bar. Filet was perfect, Burrata Mozz rivaled some of the best I've had in the North End and Darren W's service was awesome - essentially close to 5 star. The Fries are a must - incredible.Second time around, I had another Filet which was completely off the mark. Based on this, JG is hit or miss or worthy of 4 stars.
4	I would give Jean Goeorges five stars if it wasn't for the service.  Quite frankly it sucked!  (one star at best) We had an 8PM dinner and arrived to a pretty full house - several tables of large groups around.  It took forever for our waitress to come to the table to introduce herself and her assistant.  She was extremely short with any questions we asked and even the sommelier was, well, bitchy.  We got drinks we didn't order, were presented with sides we did not order and then had to pay for those errors.  Once the house started to clear, the service remained the same ... BAD!  Oh and we saw a table of four get up and walk out because they had waited so long - their plates had not even cleared.. Service aside, the food was outstanding!  Best chicken I've had in a long time, the sides were solid classics and the desserts to die for.  We had some salted caramel ice cream with popcorn that sounded strange but was positively mind blowing.  I would certainly go back for the food in hopes that they will pull the service up.
5	Cows are sexy.  At least they are here at Jean Georges Steakhouse.... And they taste amazing too. The restaurant is dark, sleek and screams high-end without being stuffy. It's the cool kid of steakhouses. They have a great wine display and the music rocks. The food is surprisingly fun and unique for a steak-driven menu and the service was fantastic.Our feast included:Tuna Tartare and Rosemary Breadcrumb Crusted Yellowfin TunaCrispy Skin Chicken w/ Lemon ButterMiso-Yuzu Glazed Chilean Sea BassBraised Short Rib wi/ Jalepeno Apple PureePrime NY Steak w/ Chimichurri Black Truffle and Comte Cheese FritterBroiled Bone Marrow w/ Parsley-Lemon GremolataWarm Chocolate Cake w/ Vanilla Ice CreamI felt like I ate the entire universe, but the highlights for me were the tuna, NY steak, fritters and bone marrow.  I think I may have grunted a few times as I ate. Thankfully the music is on the louder side.I left feeling like a cow... and not a hot one either.  Definitely worth visiting if you appreciate cattle as much as I do.
4	Its a bit difficult to say if the food here is any good or not. I'm writing this review while going on 45min. waiting for the food to arrive, after ordering. Considering the price and level of the restaurant, the service and speed leaves a lot to be desired. Hold on, after convincing the waiter we deserved and expected to eat in under an hour, our order has finally arrived! Now about the food: Overall, very, very good. We started with the Caesar Salad which was excellent with a tangy Dijon/Caeser dressing. I had the "slow cooked" Salmon with a side of fries that I would definitely recommend. A note about the fries: The fries alone were very good, light and crispy. However they were served with plain old Heinz ketchup. Not a good move for a restaurant of this level. There seemed to be special sauces for pretty much everything, why leave out the fries? My wife had the Fillet Mignon. She had asked for it to be cooked medium well. After the waiter used the excuse that the order was taking a long time because the steak was ordered medium well, it showed up medium rare. Go figure... either way the steak was excellent as was the salt and pepper crusted baked potato. The steak came with a really interesting side sauce made from cilantro, mint, lemon grass and several other tasty ingredients. It was very good on the steak and I might add, really nice with my french fries. So when we return to Vegas which we do regularly, would we also return to Jean Georges Steak House? Nope. Nice atmosphere, good food but the service just isn't worth the price. By the way, after the waiter used an innocent steak as an excuse for slow service I decided to head back to the kitchen myself to check on our order, and maybe see if they could use some help to speed things up. My wife had the rare urge to restrain me so kept me from hunting down our dinner. My bet is that if the level of service continues as it is, some one Else's husband or wife will seek to encourage rather than restrain.
2	O.K. I get it. This is supposed to be high end and pricey, and the view up our waiter's nostrils is to be expected. But the menu pricing is clearly in the gouge-the-customer range for the delectability, ambience, and service received. When Mr. Nostrils matter-of-factly announced that we could  order a lobster tail for $200, there was no problem containing our excitement. We politely declined. Instead we ordered three hors d'oeuvres to enjoy in the sparsely crowded restaurant and to the dismay of nostrils-boy we declined any main course selections and desserts. We received our final tab of $125 (three appetizers, three drinks). While the last bites were entering our mouths, the service level escalated. In a matter of seconds, our plates, utensils, and fabric placemats were promptly removed. We sat there at our bare table with three half-filled water glasses. "Shall we request water refills and relax a tad longer," I asked my dinner companions? I guess I was surprised that my dinning mates confused efficient service with the bum's rush, but we left hungry and disappointed.
4	Went to the Aria to see the Elvis cirque soleil and before the show decided to try Jean Georges, it was quite an experience. Chilean Sea Bass Veal chop Fillet Mignon Rib Eye Seared Sea Scallops Lobster mashed potato's Trumpet Mushrooms Sauteed Spinach Iceberg wedge Steak Tar tare Roasted Bone Marrow Black truffle Comte fritter Warm chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream. Several cucumber martini's (fresh and delicious) Need I say more. The food was superb, service outstanding. This will cost you some big bucks but it was a special meal.
5	Jean Georges has definitely made a landmark in Vegas with this restaurant! I understand that it is pricey, but you definitely get what you pay for and then some. I've been in the kitchen, and everything is crafted to perfection. We started off with the steak and tuna tar tare, and the roasted bone marrow. Wow. the bone marrow with the toast was simply delightful. Simply eating a piece of toast with a layer of fat is amazing. The steak tar tare was served with fries. It was savory, and refreshing to the palate. The same goes for the tuna tar tare. Main dish was NY strip steak, lamb chops, and lobster. Everything was either seared or broiled to perfection. It was literally the best NY strip steak that I've ever had. Topped of the night with the chocolate cake, and espresso. You will have a great time! Definitely go and check it out!
4	I was uber lucky to try the Tasting Menu.  Not all of the items were on the menu and the sophistication of the tastes and texture of the courses were uncommon.  We were fortunate to have one of the executive chefs come out to meet us and ask questions about the dishes.  If you have the chance go for the road less traveled and make the pricier choice of the tasting menu.  You won't be disappointed, but go hungry & with unrestrictive clothing.
5	Amanda B. pretty much said it all. The place is worth every dollar! The food was excellent and service impeccable! I recently got engaged here and they went above and beyond to make the experience perfect. I have to give it up to Chef Robert Moore and Chef Dave for the help! I had the Kobe cheeseburger and it was mouth watering good! I will be back here again!
4	We decided to have our last dinner in Vegas at Jean Georges Steakhouse.  What a great decision.  We started off with a Burrata Mozzarella topped with tomato, basil, olive oil and a crostini.  When we received our order it had been split onto 2 plates.  This first course was so delicious, we ordered another round.  For the main course, I ordered the 18 oz ribeye and my wife the 10 oz filet.  Each steak was cooked perfectly to temp, mine mid rare and the wife's to medium.  The steaks were served with 4 dipping sauces to taste.  Each sauce was creative and unique, the soy miso butter and Bearnaise were my favorite.  We decided on the nightly special, truffle mashed potatoes and black truffle/comte fritters as our sides.  These sides were amazing!  The sides actually out performed the steaks.The only thing keeping me from giving Jean Georges Steakhouse 5 stars is my personal preference for broiled steaks over wood-fired steaks which are served at Jean Georges.    I highly recommend Jean Georges Steakhouse.
1	I was SO craving the $30 kobe burger. It was charred (i ordered it medium). by the time another came out, my group was on dessert! I got it to go --but it was packed incorrectly, so the cardboard congealed to the burger, making it inedible the next day. (this pregnant lady cried!). my beautiful burger ended up stinking up my hotel room trash. Sigh. All that disappointment for $100.
1	For a high end name like Jean Georges, this restaurant is ridiculously amateur and low-class.  The substandard food and questionable dimly-lit dining room do nothing to improve the eating experience.  First, my girlfriend and I were poorly greeted by the two hostesses.  When we approached them, one immediately asked, "Do you have reservations cause we aren't taking walk-ins you know" in a Paris Hilton-wannabe tone.  I replied politely that I did with a smile.  She rolled her eyes.  The other hostess gave me a wimpy death stare that looked more like the face of indigestion than one of menace.  The first hostess asked us to follow her into the dining room after confirming the name.  She did not properly sit us down, e.g. failed to hand us our menus or pull out chairs, etc.  If she knew anything about proper dining etiquette, she would not have stacked the menus on the plates like some ogre playing Jenga (tm).  She abruptly walked away without saying a word.  Nevertheless, I was determined to salvage this experience.    Unfortunately as the evening marched on, I learned that it was not going to happen.  Our food was sub-par.  The foie gras was okay.  The bread was heavily buttered.  My plate was very greasy the moment I laid the bread piece down.  Unfortunately, this made the already rich course even denser.  The lobster caesar (a special request) was plain, but decent.  My girlfriend and I ordered the New York and filet mignon respectively as our main courses.  They were perfectly cooked, but UNBEARABLY SALTY to the point that they were inedible.  When I complained about the entree to the waiter (slightly over-weight, 30-ish, and bald), he said, "I am sorry you feel that way" and walked away.  I could have raised a storm and complained even further, but I decided it was not kosher to cause a scene. After drinks and dessert, my tab was ~$330 for 2 people.  Now ask yourself this... would you pay that much for a watered-down version of a Jean Georges restaurant with poor food and service?  If you crave for a Vongerichten restaurant, treat yourself to a flight to NY and eat there.==== UPDATE ====I received a message from a dummy account -- which might have been from an employee or someone related to the restaurant -- attempting to shoot down my review.  Here's what he/she wrote:"The consistency of this review is totally inacurate. JG had never had a lobster caesar, and hostes don't present dinner menus either, the server does." -- Ramon L.I responded..."Before you claim a review is inaccurate, note that your experiences and opinions may be different from mine.  In my case, the hostess planted our menus on our plate.  Our waiter was not even prepared to greet us until a couple of minutes later as he was fussing with two other staff members near the back cashier.  Even if the hostess was not trained to hand us our menus properly, this does not excuse her unprofessional demeanor during the entire greeting process.Also, the lobster caesar was a request -- it did the job, but it was not special or elevated.  I edited the review to make a note of the 'special request' to avoid further confusion.  Also, if you are questioning the validity of my review, I have photos on my cellphone ([two] of which are uploaded on Yelp!) and a credit card bill. ;)"
3	We came here for my 22nd birthday with a part of 6. Our reservation was at 10:15 because I forgot to call in advance. Got there at 10 and was seated promptly. We were starved and quickly made up our mind. However, we had a smartass of a waiter who decided to lag it for 30 minutes before we ordered. While he was listing off the specials he gave everyone really weird eye contact, actually he did that throughout the night. I ordered the Australian F1 Tomahawk Bone in Rib eye, which the waiter said was a wagyu and prime crossbreed. It was a special that day at $95. I got the bone marrow side and foie grais appetizer. My lady got 8 or 10 oz filet with black truffle fritter as a side. My buddies got a 28oz porterhouse, and the miso seabass. I forgot what else they ordered. But from what I remember, the miso seabass was overly saucey.Anyways... My steak came horribly charred on the outside. Every bite was like sinking my teeth into a piece of charcoal. The waiter came by and asked if he could do anything about the steak. All i was thinking was "what are you gona shave off all the charcoal on the outside?" I said forget it and just dealt with it. It was all getting comped by Aria anyways. All the sides were good though. The foie had a great apple jalapeno spread on the side. Overall the food was decent. I liked craftsteak better (plus they serve real kobe). The ambiance was nice. Trendy little cowfaces everywhere. I would say our waiter ruined my experience though. He was just really awkward and a smartass. Later on when we asked for boxes, another waitress was so kind and even offered to put extra bread in there for us.
4	You have to expect to pay a lot, but you will get exceptional food and service to match for that price. The only downside were the hostesses, which seemed snotty and uncaring about hospitality. The batender and the wait staff made up for it. Our table ordered 3 filets and a NY Strip. The Strip was just okay....as good as you'd have at Ruth's Chris. Same for the asparagus side. The filets were a better quality. Jalapeno mashed potatoes were a huge hit.
5	A surprisingly simple restaurant for the chic and cool Aria resort.  The food is what you expect from any good west coast steakhouse.  Its not inventive.  There are no cutting edge cooking techniques used in preparation.  Its not even uniquely plated.  Its simply quality food expertly executed..The Steak tartare is very good.  The quail egg instead of chicken egg yolk adds a much creamier texture.  The rice cracker crusted tuna is also good.  It is served with a siracha and citrus sauce that really brings out the sweetness of the fish.  The soy glazed short ribs are delicious!  Just the right amount of sweetness.  Perfectly tender.  Wow!  The steaks are very high quality and perfectly cooked but like Prime or Charlie Palmer Steak, Jean George is more like an elegant restaurant that happens to serve very good beef and not a true steak lover's paradise. One big plus; the steaks are cooked on a wood burning grill.Do not pass up the sides.  They are meant to be shared.  The broiled bone marrow is incredible.  So rich in flavor and perfectly accentuated by the lemon gremolata.  It is a must have.  The black truffle and comte fritter is also a good choice.  It is almost light and airy in texture.Service is excellent.  Prices are relatively low for a top Vegas steakhouses.The wine list is very good.  All top producers (traditional and cutting edge) are represented.  There is good vintage depth.  Still, I wish wines from lesser regions were better represented.  Simply grilled steak make the perfect platform to experiment with wines from Argentina, Chile, or South Africa.Highly recommended.
1	Food is average for this ridiculously expensive place.  The Wait staff was completely inattentive, and it was a very loud place to eat a expensive dinner.  There are lots of better places to eat in Las Vegas.
1	Unbelievably poor showing from a Jean Georges establishment - the service was indifferent, the food was tasteless (especially the sides), and the worst offense?  My steak was ice cold when it arrived at the table.  After waiting for almost an hour and a half for our entrees to arrive, that sad slab of NY strip was just intolerable.  Similarly disappointing: the quality of the ingredients they serve - they list their steaks as "prime" on the menu, but they're  wet-aged (not dry aged), a fact that is only revealed if you hound your waiter to admit it.  The lobster is rock lobster from Australia.  Hello?  We have perfectly amazing lobster in the States - it comes from Maine and it's far superior.  Last but not least:  Australian "Wagyu" (or "wayygoo," as our waitress kept misstating) is not, in fact, the real McCoy.  These days you have to travel to Japan and/or have some serious import connections to find actual Kobe beef.  It wouldn't surprise me if this place closes  when JG's contract with MGM expires.  Atrocious, badly-sourced/misrepresented food for the price.
5	I finnaly had dinner at Jean George's last night.  I have heard so many great things about  this steak place from many of my business colleagues.  I walked in and got a cool table where I could watch all the gorgeous eye candy walk in.The decor of the restuarant is soooo sexy...........the low-dimmed lights, comfortable seats, hip-hop music and all the hot babes walking in their 5 inch heels........I could just sit here and hang out all night and not eat a thing.I started off the meal with the cream of tomato soup.  It was the best tomato soup that I have ever had.....just enough cream to make it rich and creamy......it came with a tasty chedder cheese garlic toast.The bread basket was also very tasty.....pretzel bread, sour dough, parmesean cheese flat bread  and a cherry pecan bread that made the basket super delicious.For dinner, I had the rib-eye steak and a side of their famous black truffled comte cheese fritter.My bone-in rib eye steak came out perfect..........tender, full of flavor and just the right amount of fat.The side of the comte fritter was awesome....it came with 4 dipping sauces and really made the flavor of the steak come out.....think a deep fried cheese ball.For desert, I had the baba rum cake....it came with pineapples and caramel ice cream.  The rum cake was warm.....it tasted delicious with the pineapple slices and caramel flavored ice cream.Overall....it a great dining experience.  The food, hot, high heeled babes and the sexy atmosphere made the meal wonderful........I came again in my pants...sooooo satisfying.
4	amazing! we walked in with no reservations and the hostess was super sweet and took us to a table where we could see the sexy round bar. we started with a couple glasses of sauvignon blanc that was just fantastic. the we had crabcake, tuna tartare, tempura calamari, sauteeed shittake mushrooms and artichoke hearts and the seared scallops with micro greens. every bite felt like heaven and service was on point. loved every second of that meal!
2	A good steakhouse but definitely not worth the price. The steaks were good but the portions on the sides and appetizers were dismal. The apps were also over salted, over fried and underwhelming.
5	Oh my GOSH this place was fabulously delicious. I stayed at Aria with my best friend and her family, and we got a private dining room at Jean Georges. The room alone set a very classy and elegant mood. It was dimly lit for a more intimate scene, and everything was clean and looked so modern. Now onto the food. I ordered the 8oz. Filet MIgnon and couldn't even finish it! Granted, we did order a buttload of sides, but the steak was cooked just to perfection and served with a tantalizing green sauce (I wish I remembered what was in it!). For sides, we ordered a bunch so all 11 of us could share. We got french fries (came with lots of dipping sauces), truffle mashed potatoes, steamed asparagus, and a shitake and artichoke side. The truffle mashed potatoes was hands down my favorite side dish, they were absolutely to die for!!Like many upscale restaurants in Vegas, it's definitely a pricey restaurant, but in my opinion, it's worth every penny!!
1	My family and I ordered the fixed menu for dinner for 4 people.  The highlight of the menu was the tuna tartare, which was light and beautifully prepared.  The scallops were tasty, but slightly salty for our tastes... lime wedges are a must to cut down their intensity.  The filet mignon main course was mixed-bag: the sesame seed sauce was delicious, but the meat was over-seasoned, extremely salty.  In addition, the chef-de-cuisine's choice of ending the menu with a classic lava cake was disappointingly dull.  It lacked any of the NY restaurant's Iuzzini's flair.  Overall, I had a better than average meal.Service-wise, the restaurant falters, hindered mostly by a robotic waiter who just recited the course and a pair of hostile front hostesses who were unable to soldier a smile or pretend to be happy to see us even though the restaurant was nearly empty during dinner hours.  I suspect the qualification to work here is to hate all life and happy things, especially puppies.If you are in the area with a steak crave, I'd recommend Gallagher's over at New York, New York.  If you want a tasting menu, Joel Robuchon's 4-course or 6-course meal is a far superior experience.
3	This restaurant was the birthday celebration choice by one of my friends.  The ambiance had a bit of a mysterious touch.  As for the food, the way their rice cracker crusted tuna was prepared was perfect!  I could taste the citrus without it overpowering the rest of the seasonings.  Dinner was served with a small plate of a variety of breads.  Each piece was a taste all on its own.  I found their chilean sea bass to be average, however.  The dish was supposed to be prepared with miso-yuzu glaze and it did taste like it but seemed a bit dry.  I've had better miso-yuzu glazed fish from Trader Joe's. So, paying $39 for it as opposed to a bigger, much tastier $8 prepared dinner from TJ's made the dining experience under par.  I remember having a couple of drinks but they must not have been that memorable because I can't even recall which ones I had.
3	This place should be 5 Stars but here is why they are a three, bad service. I was told that this place is one of the best new spots in town.  Definitely situated in one of the best places at Aria.  This place definitely looks very hip and sheik  and the food is definitely off the hook. Bridget our server.... How can I tell you this without sounding rude, I have gotten better service at Denny's.  One of the reason's why I didn't rate this higher is for the simple details: When ordering the 5 main course option, make sure you get #2 to the right table not the couple next to us.  Next check in, when we pay for these 95 dollar plates we want a smile and the ever so cheesy "how was your tartare?" It just makes us feel warm and fuzzy that you pretend to care.  Lastly how about you swap out the silver ware throughout the course so my fork isn't tasting like avocado when I am eating my scallop's. Foul! Oh yeah then there's the pictures guy, really? Who the hell is this gypsy selling pictures and trying to up sell you pictures when you are trying to enjoy a great dish... Really?Outside of these slightly foul balls, I would definitely give this place another shot and will probably ask for another server.  The steaks btw are damn good, they have a good wine selection with several by the glass options that are very delightful.
4	I read the reviews before coming here for a nice evening out with the boy. I was excited for some bomb ass steak and prepared for some less than stellar service. Minus one star for the front staff. It's a 5 pm on a Friday and the place is practically empty. Attitude AND 10 minutes to be seated? Give me a break.We skipped appetizers and went straight for entrees. I got the NY Strip and the truffle fritters. The boy got filet minion and mashed potatoes. My boyfriend loved his filet minion. He said it was one of the top five steaks he's had in his life. For him, it was cooked to perfection. Also, I think he was more in love with his mashed potatoes than me, if only during dinner. I kid, he loves me way more than mashed potatoes! I admit, they were great: creamy and not too salty. My 16 ounce NY strip was a behemoth. I had it cooked medium and it was a great steak, but not top 5 for me. The truffle fritters were yummy, but a bit on the strong side. Then in a stroke of genius, I combined a piece of steak and a fritter and KABOOM. Perfection. Too bad I was going into a food coma at that point and only had about 3 bites left in me. We were also given a plate of the 4 dipping sauces and the steak come with a salsa verde. It's on the minty side, which I enjoyed. Of the 4 sauces I liked the hot sauce best (it's yellow). No dessert. Too full. Besides the food: we were seating along the edge of the restaurant along the wall, close to the bar...Nothing kills the mood like a blaring hockey game and bad hits from 2005. Really? Then about 10 minutes later, another couple was seated right next to us...awkward, considering there were at least 3 tables on either side of us that were empty. However, I did note that this is how they were seating everyone. Awkward times for everyone! Thankfully we were close to the end of our meal when a party of 4 were seated near us. They were the 55 year old versions of Jersey Shore. Loud. Obnoxious. Not even funny! At least entertain me if you are going to be that annoying. Ending on a happy note, our waiter was the bomb! John? Jim? Jake? Jeff? Jared? Jacob?...Steve? I feel bad for not remembering but he was friendly, knowledgeable, attentive, etc. The best service I've had in a while. He's what really saved the day and this rating.
4	Went on a getaway to Vegas with two other married couples (sans kids for all) and decided to eat at Jean George since we were staying at Aria.  Now let me say that the food was really really awesomely good.  All 6 of us loved the appetizers, entrees and sides.  The service left something to be desired.  Our waiter and sommelier were great but the lag time between appetizers and entrees was over an HOUR.  The excuse we were given was that there was a wedding party that were served in front of us.  That is not an excuse for the kitchen to be slow in my opinion.  You are a high end restaurant, charging high end prices and we had a reservation.  You can't cook for two parties at once?  So after complaining to the manager, they were very nice and comped our bottle of wine and all cocktails consumed.  Which, my friends, was a pretty penny.  Now on to the delicious deets.Appetizers-Crab cake and bacon wrapped shrimp.  One of the girls said this was the best crab cake EVER and practically licked the bowl.  I thought it was really good.  It's definitely not your typical crab cake.  The cake was all crab and it had a gingery broth underneath.  Very Nice.  Bacon wrapped shrimp was "da bomb" according to the men and it was very well cooked.  The bacon was crisp and shrimp not overdone.   Two in our party got the cobb salad and said it was excellent as well.Entrees-Two of us had the rib-eye, which was super good and fatty.  My husband got the filet, which came out overcooked, but the new one was out within 3 minutes.  One got the veal, one got the sea bass (not a beef eater), and one got the special NY strip.  Each steak came with a chimichurri sauce, but they also served 4 sauces on the side with the entrees and the habanero sauce was super spicy but so goooood.  The sides we ordered were asparagus, sauted mushrooms and artichokes, creamed corn and mashed potatoes.  Everything was cooked perfectly and yummy yummy.  No time for desert!  :(  We were already late due to the slow service.  Definitely someplace I'd eat again.
4	We went back in May when we stayed at Vdara. I made reservations weeks prior online for 8:30pm on a Thursday. The night of our reservations, we wanted to try to eat earlier and called about 2 hrs before asking if we could move our reservations up about 30 mins to an hour. I was told that they're completely full, so we had to keep our reservations for 8:30. When we arrived at 8:20, the restaurant was half empty. We shook our heads wondering why we couldn't have our reservations up, but oh well, we were seated promptly.I ordered the NY Strip steak, while my girlfriend ordered the Filet Mignon. I also ordered mash potatoes as my side, which I was told by the waiter there was enough for two. When it came out, it was serving for one, which I could of easily consumed two bowls without any problem. My girlfriend decided to let me eat the entire (small) bowl of mashed potatoes, while she ate the corn, which was the other side we ordered. Other than the small portion, the mashed potatoes were delicious!!!  Our steaks were cooked perfectly to order.We'd go back again, but would like to see the restaurant offer larger portions for sides.
2	I decided to hit up Vegas to celebrate my Master's Degree graduation.  I hand-picked restaurants with much debate on where to celebrate for sushi and steak.  I've had steak plenty of times in Vegas, on and off the strip and every restaurant I've been to (so far) has been amazing.  Well, until I came to Jean George.  People on yelp are NOT joking or being rude saying that the customer service is terrible, because it is.  I was in a party of 8, one big table in the corner with a great view, and we had 2 servers. You would think with TWO servers we would be well taken cared of. Totally no the case.  Our two servers were never at our table.  IT took us almost 30 minutes to order, and when we finally could wave someone down, they were rude about it.  We noticed too, that when we said no to wine, we got a "uh ok.." and did we see our waitERS after that? nope.  Not until we had to pay.  Our waiters gave us this "you have to inconvenience me AGAIN" attitutde? it made our experience so horrible.  Isn't this supposed to be fine dining? then why was my bread and butter literally THROWN onto our table? it was a bit shocking, really.So the food finally came (mind you this was a sunday night and the restaurant was NOT packed), and it wasn't anything to rave about.  I've had better steak elsewhere (Prime, Strip Steak, Ruth Chris, Golden Steer,etc), and the sides were OK.  If you do decide to dine here, the bone marrow was good, just a little too red, and the truffle mash potatoes were good but overwhelming (also, our waitress didn't tell us that upgrading to the truffle mash, which was NOT on the menu, that it was an extra $8, or that our side of blue cheese would be extra).Sans good service and food, I will not be stopping by this restaurant again.  It was a horrible experience, with rude staff, and not impressive food.  I'm going back to Strip Steak.
5	I have eaten here a number of times. My wife and I moved to Las Vegas from New York City about 18 months ago. We love it. We have been sampling the best that Las Vegas has to offer in food for years, even before we lived here we would come for extended periods on business. I have tried a number of steakhouses in town, and JG at the Aria is easily one of the very best. We have tried the Short Rib, the fritters, the Tomahawk steak, the burger, and more.Everything we have had has been fantastic. The wine list is exceptional, and our experience with the service has been very good as well.I will go back, whenever I am ready for a really special meal.
5	What a great place! The Tomahawk ribeye was fantastic. Great service too!
5	I had always thought  that Craftsteak is the best steakhouse before i visited Jean Goerges.  I had such a great experience at this place i would really recommend it to everyone who visits Las Vegas. I like everything here from the ambiance, the service, to the food.  The dishes are exciting, amusing, and just dances on your tastebuds.  The chef (Robert Moore, former executive chef at Prime, Bellagio), creates dishes that really allow the quality of the ingredients to stand out. The presentation of the creations here are both elegant and rustic without being overly extravagant, inviting you to savor every bite.We shared the salt and pepper sweetbreads and crispy shrimp for appetizers and they were both delicious.  I had the filet mignon and it was just as good as it gets.  The black truffle and comte fritter side dish was real fun and delicious the same time. I do not recollect the taste of the sauces that came with the steak...i believe by that point of the dinner my senses got carried away to the clouds with the champagne.A highly recommended steakhouse indeed ;)
1	The customer service at this place was beyond horrible.  I brought a large group of 15 people to enjoy what we heard was one of the best steakhouses in Vegas. It took an hour to get our drinks after sitting down and almost 4 hours to finish the entire meal.  Everyone was mad and rightly so.  The only reason I gave a one star rating was because the food is actually good - just too bad it takes all night to recieve it and a waitress full of attitude.  I would make somewhat of an excuse for the restaurant had it been very busy but the place was more than half empty.  Expensive food is great, but serve it to me in a proper time with a smile.
4	This is a pricey steakhouse, and as far as their entrees, it is totally worth the pricetag. The service, however, is mediocre, at best. We had an 8:30 reservation, and arrived about 10 minutes early. We were not seated until 9:10. I assumed the restaurant was overly busy, yet that was not the case. We sat at the bar to wait, and though I did prompt the hostess about our table, she simply apologized (we were not comped with absolutely anything). Once we were seated, we ordered the "sushi sampler" as an appetizer (around $30). The waiter insisted we get salads before our entrees, but thought the "sampler" plus a salad, plus an entree would be too much. Little did we know that by "sampler", they meant four tiny pieces of crispy rice topped with raw fish. Though they were delicious (I think the chipotle mayo they use is awesome), you'd better order three or four appetizers if you're really hungry (like the crab leG...yes, singular). After our tiny appetizer, we waited about 25 minutes to get our entrees. Again, it was odd given that the restaurant was at about 30% capacity, on a Friday night. We got the Chilean Seabass with MushrooM (again, singular, in case you're wondering), for around $40, and it was absolutely delicious, flaky, and buttery. We also got the bone-in Rib-Eye steak (I think for around $60), that came with three sauces (two of which the waiter annoyingly insisted were his favorites). The miso soy butter is to die for, and it perfectly complemented both the steak and the fish. We also ordered the truffle mashed potatoes and the bone marrow as side dishes (each for about $20). The mashed potatoes were good, but nothing to rave about. As for the bone marrow (on toast), it was delicious. We were celebrating a birthday, and we did get a complimentary flourless chococalate cake with vanilla bean ice cream. Nothing to get too excited over, but it was a nice gesture. Overall, it is a delicious place and we would go back, yet the service is absolutely lacking. For the pricetag you'll end up paying, you'd expect top-of-the-line service.
5	Still recovering from the meat sweats and maybe lost a couple days of my life from all the food I ate from the excitement, increase in blood pressure, and overall detrimental affects to my cholesterol but IT WAS WORTH IT!Came for the $79 signature tasting menu and it was awesome to say the least!  http://www.arialasvegas.com/files/dining/Jean-Georges-Signature-79.pdfThey have a $49 tasting but as you peruse the menu choices, you'll clearly see that the $79 is value wise the way to go!For your appeteizer, you must get the Bacon Shrimp, Papaya Mustard, and Cilantro.  It was one of the best things i've ever ate.  NIce, plump juicy big shrimp wrapped in bacon with the perfect bite of saltiness from the bacon.  I almost done wet my pants bfore my steak arrived.Next came my 18 ounce rib eye...Insane amount of food.  They were very nice to offer 2 complimentary sauces on the side.  I highly recommend the Homemade Hot Sauce.   We also go thte Soy-Miso Butter which was also good.I like to eat my steak plain usually but it was nice to alternate bites between the sauces.In addition to the pre-fix, we also ordered the Black Truffle Mash Potatoes - SITM "S3X in the Mouth" alert!!!I can't stop raving about this place.  If you're looking for a fine dining LV strip steak house, check this place out.   If i was ballen in the mix, I'd be up here all the time!
2	We had their special Tomahawk steak $98, Glazed Sea Bass $39, sides with asparagus $14, and hand cut fries $12. We don't eat our food bland, in fact slightly on the salty side, but all the food here was just a bit too salty. It will definitely spike your blood pressure. The best part of this experience was the ambiance. Definitely chic and their bathroom is really different.
1	I really wish Yelp could give ZERO stars but I guess I could settle for one star. BE WARY WHEN YOU'RE ABOUT TO COME HERE FOR DINNER!I was staying at Vdara and made reservations at Jean Georges through their concierge, but when me and my friends got there for our reservation, they said they couldn't find my reservation. When they tried "looking" for it they just had the deer in headlights look. Not to mention they where just stuck up a-holes.But looking at their reviews for this place, I'm glad they lost my reservation. Shoddy service and long waits. Eghww.
3	The food is tops. The service is beyond poor. The first set of servers were all male with arrogant attitudes. Clearly they either hated our table or hate their job. We were a party of 4. How difficult can it be? One member of our party my 80 year old mother who was celebrating her birthday.A female took over our table towards the end of the evening and she was great. The fixed price menu posted on the website was not actual. The new menu was $20.00 higher and not even close to what some guest may be expecting.  $20.00 isn't the point; it is the inaccurate information on the site. Again; snarky servers just don't cut it and I don't care what city in the world one is dining.Note to Jean Georges.  Think about why your establishment was almost dead empty on a Friday night?  The food is great; the people working your tables are below standard. I felt as though they thought it was them doing me a favour by dining in your restaurant.
5	Came here for dinner to celebrate my brother's 30th birthday.Before I came, I read some reviews and was concerned about the service since some people have described their service as "poor". We were a party of 5, and we had excellent service!!! I wish I remembered our server's name to give him a shout out.Anyhow, besides having great service, the food was incredible!!!I went BIG and ordered the special Rib-Eye named "The Tomahawk"! IT WAS HUGE & SOOOO DELICIOUS!The rest of the table ordered the following and YES, I tasted it all!Oysters on the Half ShellCaesar Salad with Whole AnchoviesBacon Wrapped Shrimp ( anything wrapped in bacon has got to be GOOD)Three Cheese Crusted ChickenTomahawk Rib-EyeBlack Truffle & Comte FritterLobster Mashed PotatoesGrilled AsparagusThe steaks were served with 4 dipping sauces. 3 out of the 4 were good. Homemade Hot SauceSoy Miso ButterBearnaiseJG Steak Sauce ( this one WAS NOT a favorite of the table)We washed it all down with a bottle of Grgich Hill Cab!Everyone left full and happy!
3	We came here as part of a package deal we received with Aria.  Let's start with the service.  It was decent and somewhat attentive, but for this type of an establishment, I would have expected a little more.  There were a few times where our water glasses stayed empty for a while, but w/e.We started with the Tuna Tartare, which was the highlight of the evening.  Just a perfect blend of shitake mushrooms, tuna, turnip, and other stuff.  I wish it was served with something other than the "unfinished" eggroll wrapper for crackers, but it was still delicious.  Definately a must have.For dinner, the wife and I shared the 26 oz Tomahawk steak (granted 8oz was just the bone) and the 8oz Australian lobster.  For the sides we had the Bone Marrow and the Sauteed spinach.  The steak was really well cooked and the sauces they served with it were ok.  Of the 5 sauces, the habenero dill was my favorite.  The others weren't really worth mentioning.The lobster is something I would steer clear of next time.  It was a little overcooked and rubbery, and the taste just didn't cut it.The bone marrow was excellent, if you like gelatenous gooey goodness.  The parsley-lemon gremolta they serve with it was awesome, wish they gave more of it.Spinach was so-so.For desert, we had the warm chocolate cake.  We proabably should have just passed on this, because it wasn't very good.  Kind of like a chocolate suffle but without the deliciousness of a suffle.Also worth mentioning was the Cherry Yuzu soda.  This was so good, but at $8 per glass, you might want to take it slow.Overall the experience was great.  The bill ended up being ~$300 for everything, which isn't bad.  However, if I were in Vegas in the mood for steak, I would definately go to Craftsteak and have the Kobe Wagyu pre-fix.  Its about the same in price, but much better tasting food, with a greater variety.I think if it wasn't part of the Aria package, and technically free, I would probably be more upset at dining at Jean Georges.
4	After bailing on dinner at Sirio (no veal, stale bread, rock hard butter) , we looked over the restaurant week menus at American Fish and Jean Georges. We opted for the latter since it was new to each of us and the menu sounded delicious. We were able to get a table right away without a reservation. The restaurant week menu was as follows:First CourseWatermelon Gazpacho; Pickled Melon and Lemon VerbenaSecond CourseHeirloom Tomato Panzanella Salad; Feta, Arugula and Basil VinaigretteThird CourseChoice of: Rangers Valley Angus 300 NY Strip; Crunchy Potatoes and Smokey Tomato Compote ~OR~ Soy Glazed Short Rib; Apple Jalapeno Puree, Rosemary CrumbsFourth Course:Choice of: Warm Chocolate Cake ~OR~ Crackling Key Lime PieThe gazpacho was a lovely amuse bouche. It was clean and refreshing with balls of tomato and watermelon. Then, a surprise cucumber to finish. The salad was fantastic... so fresh and light, summer in a bowl. The entrees were perfectly executed. The short rib was flavorful and super tender, the apple slaw gave great texture with each bite. There was a small amount of heat from the jalapeno. It was very good. The steak was cooked to perfection. It had a beautiful crust that locked in its juices. The side components were also delicious. Dessert capped off the stellar meal. The molten cake was decadent and the key lime pie was luscious and the cracklin' pop rocks brought out child-like smiles. All in all, it was a great meal. I'm thrilled kismet led us to Jean Georges.
3	Jean George's Steakhouse is a favorite of a good buddy of mine, so when he hits up Vegas, we often drop in for dinner and and drinks. I have been a few times and really like the style of the room and quality of the steaks. We started our most recent trip at the bar with a couple of martinis. Very well made and very friendly service from the bartender. We had mentioned that we were having dinner inside and he offered to have our bill transferred, but we paid the man, as we didn't want him to lose out on the tip. We only waited about 5 minutes and our table was ready. It seems every time we dine at Jean George's, the tasting menu is where we go for our food selections. It's a great price around $80 for 4 courses, and has a jalapeno-relish foie gras course that I really dig. We often add to this menu with an additional side item or appetizer, but I find it to be a lot of what I like about the restaurant. The food is great, and t he steaks for the main course are always prepared just the way we ask with exceptional flavor. I have to say that over the past few times I have ben there - service has not been consistent. The service staff that handles the food always seems a bit 'ho-hum' with their service style. It's not about the casual nature or a friendly demeanor, both things which I appreciate about a server.. but just a kind of a lack of interest maybe? Could be they are amongst the busiest places at the ARIA Hotel, so maybe there is just no time for personal service? It never leaves me impressed, but that's just me. I will say that the Sommelier's and bar staff are always extremely friendly and attentive with service.  Every bottle of wine is attended to properly and  never has my glass been empty or even less than plenty :) To add to that, the dining room is situated that I don't feel i have ever had a undesirable table. The most recent trip had us sitting up against the glass room that held the wall of wine for the restaurant. really nice space.I would most-definitly go back to Jean Georges again, as it is very good food, and I do like the atmosphere. I say start in the bar with a good stiff drink and have a great bottle of wine with your steaks! Happiest Eating!
3	I had high expectations for this place because it is a JG creation and it's Vegas! Everything should be top notch (especially at those prices). Unfortunately it was just average.We made our reservation ahead of time so we were promptly seated. The hostess and manager who showed us to our seats were very friendly. I didn't care much for the decor as it was a little too avant-garde for a steakhouse. Our server greeted us immediately and told us about the specials, she recited them super fast so we didn't hear half of the things she said. I felt had she slowed her pace a little and gave us a chance to interact, she probably would've sold all of us on the specials.We started with the Crispy Shrimp. It was tasty but very small portion to be an appetizer (only 3 shrimp); for our dinner, we ordered the New York strip, the Filet and the Rib-eye. My strip was cooked exactly the way I wanted. Meat was very tender and flavorful, I almost didn't need the miso butter sauce (which was good, a bit salty). My friends seemed to enjoyed their steak as well. We shared some lobster mash (basic mash starts at $10 and prices go up for different kinds of mash - garlic, lobster, etc etc), which was actually the highlight of the meal for me; creamed spinach and grilled Asparagus.Overall, our food was tasty and our service was great. However, for a five star Vegas establishment I felt the experience was nothing special. I would still recommend this place for people looking for a great steak.
4	This is a review for the Restaurant Week menu. On the final day of Restaurant Week we decided to check out Jean Georges. I have been really interested in try it for a while. I came with my fella, two fellow Yelpers and another friend.While waiting for our party my fella and I sampled some of their cocktails at the bar. I ordered the pineapple mojito and my fella ordered a very fruity looking strawberry champagne drink. I wasn't entirely impressed with these offerings and probably wouldn't try them again.We all started with with the watermelon gazpacho. It had some interesting flavors, but I didn't feel it was a great palate starter. The ladies all chose the peach salad with goat cheese to begin and the men got the panzanella salad. I was lucky enough to be able to try them both and they were great. I preferred my peach salad, but they both had great flavors and textures. We all chose the NY Strip for our main course. Since it was a steakhouse we just couldn't resist. I don't typically order a NY Strip when at a steakhouse, but it was extremely tasty, well cooked and seasoned. The tomato compote went excellently with the steak. Flavorful and delicious. Everyone but my fella chose the key lime pie to end the meal, while my fella chose chocolate cake. The key lime pie was extremely tart and delicious. The addition of pop rocks to the top was incredibly interesting. Tasty at first, but got tiring as you continue eating it. The molten chocolate cake was pretty good, but absolutely typical and not extremely exciting. Overall, I was extremely happy with the conclusion to Restaurant Week 2011. My entire party was incredibly full and happy from our night out.
4	Restaurant Week 2011. This was the final place we dined for RW. It wasn't as good as our dinner at Scarpetta a few days earlier, but was good enough to make me want to go back and eat more.The watermelon gazpacho was light and refreshing. The pickled peach and goat cheese salad for the first course was delicious. Loved the depth in flavors and textures with the pistachio and crystallized wasabi.The NY strip had some good-looking grill marks and was nicely charred for a medium-rare steak. But it was a bit chewy for my tastes. The crunchy potato and tomato compote that accompanied it were amazing. My wife's soy glazed short rib was one of the best short ribs we've had (second to Fleur de Lys, back in the day).She also got the chocolate cake for desert. The one bite I had (that's all she would let me have) was pretty damn good. My key lime pie was fabulous. I loved the pop rocks on top. It was a whimsical addition that added plenty to their modern take on this classic dish.Even with the RW prices ($50.11 per person) it was pricey after drinks, tax and tip. But that's to be expected from any steakhouse on the Strip. The rest of their menu looked good, so I'll be back to try other dishes.
2	A very nice and classy steak house.  The service was fantastic, I would give this place 5 stars if service is all that matters.  For the prices Jean Georges is charging I expect more from their steaks.  I have eaten my fair fair of very very nice steaks and this place is serving $25 steaks which they are selling for $50.  There are much better steaks places in vegas.
1	I love food. All kinds of food, from the hole in the wall burger joint, taqueria, or dumpling house to the high end Patina group restaurants. I eat out a great deal (I'm well into my quest to eat at every restaurant in Pasadena) but I actually don't write many reviews.After my experience at Jean George Steakhouse this past weekend I knew I had to write something, so congratulations to them for getting my first negative review.The service was on the low end of acceptable, but that is something I can live with if the food is good. Sadly, it wasn't. Except for the tomato soup: that was fantastic.The bacon wrapped shrimp was too salty and greasy. The mashed potatoes were salty and very runny. The medium rare fillet showed up with a heavy char. These are very standard and simple to prepare dishes that I've had many other places and this is one of the reasons that I ordered them: they are a litmus test. If you use quality ingredients and prepare the dishes with care there's no excuse to not do them well. I mean seriously, who messes up mashed potatoes? Especially ones that cost $12.00.I asked the waiter to bring the manager over and I described and showed him the food. I prefaced my discussion by saying that I wasn't doing this to get a discount, I wanted to let him know of some things that were going on in the kitchen and that I expected much better.  I didn't insist on new food as that really isn't my way. He thanked me and went off. He didn't return and the bill was for the entire meal. This is clearly one of the options open to him. As was offering to make me a new steak or taking the runny salty potatoes off the bill. Instead he chose the option that really prompted this review.As I left the manager asked me to come again. Now why would I want to do that? This also showed a distinct lack of awareness or seriousness. I am telling my Vegas friends and traveling companions that we can do much better than Jean Georges Steakhouse.
4	To begin with, when we first checked in the blonde host was incredibly rude, but the service later on made up for it.To start off the meal, they had the standard bread basket with several different varieties of bread. Their butternut squash soup was super yummy and their caesar salad is to die for. & Moving onto the main course....we had the grilled wagyu filet mignon and the NY strip. both were good but i'm not much of a steak fan so the sides we ordered were 100000x better. the broiled bone marrow ( sounds unappetizing, i know ) was amazing! along with their roasted brussel sprouts. We also got the creamed spinach, but I like the one at Lawry's better. =/ We didn't try any of their desserts since Jean Phillipe's patisserie was right downstairs and i was dying to try their deserts....The service was great, and the waiters were incredibly friendly and the atmosphere wasn't as stuffy as you'd imagine. OH and their pineapple mojitos. I noticed that their wine collection was pretty extensive, but the prices seemed to be a little higher than other places on the strip....which is understandable, it is Aria after all.The overall ambiance was pretty mellow, the music seemed quite loud for an upscale restaurant but it seemed like a great date night place! :PBut all in all, it was just one of those places that I'd only visit once simply because there are so many steakhouses in vegas.
4	The ambiance is nice here. It's located in the aria resort and casino in the strip. The restarant is on the upper level in the way to circue du coliel Elvis. It's better to make reservations before coming. Sometimes during the year they request it a week in advance. It's really dark mostly lit by candlelight and there is a photographer that takes couple pictures going from table to table. My boyfriend took me here for our 1 year anniversary and we each ordered an appetizers (tomato bisque, cessation salad with chili powder), an entree(filers mignon, and rib eye cut steak), and dessert which looked normal but tasted amazing (chocolate lava cake, sour cherry cheesecake). The appitizers were good but nothing too special for 4 star dining. The filers mignon was very tender and very easy to eat. My rib eye cut was cooked perfectly to medium rare and came with miso cream sauce and a really great bernaise on the side. They also give you a basket if breads with your meal. The pretzels bread was great, very fresh and soft. The flatbreads go well with the appetizers. I would have to say the desserts were amazing. I was surprised at how good they tasted because they looked so normal on the plate. The cheesecake was very moist, soft, and had a great flavor to it as did the molten chocolate lava cake! The bill would be around $200 per couple but definitely worth the experience.
2	Service was good, but the cut of meat they provided on a $50 NY strip steak was maybe select at best. For this price I don't believe it is unreasonable to want choice or better. Also the sides are priced too high for the portion or quality ($10-$16). Finally the salad or soup is also priced beyond what other comparable restaurants charge, $18 for a side Caeser. I recommend Strip Steak, N9ne or Capital Grille over this place.
4	YUMMY!!! This place is phenomenal. It is Pricey. But if you feel the urge to  splurge, this is the place. The food is great, and the server's are very attentive. Yes server's... every table gets two servers.
4	Great Atmosphere!!   Service was top notch. I like the 2 waiter system.  Never had to wait on anything.Portions were spot on.  My wife and I split an entree and both got a soup and salad and it was plenty!!   I hate paying money on wasted food...Loved the chicken dish as well.   I often order steak when out of town, but I have eaten steak all over and being from houston steak houses are all over the place.I am on a chicken craze and this place has a great dish!
3	If this review was for the red meat only, Jean Georges probably only merits about 3 stars... the 3 1/2 stars overall by Yelpers sums it up well. Ambiance and decor wise is to personal taste... ymmv.After reading about some of the service issues from other reviews, i believe my wife and i got lucky because our waiter was just the nicest nicest guy ever and the other servers never let my water glass sit at less than half empty. So 5 stars for service from me.The non red meat food.... 4-5 starsStarted with Soup du Jour... escapes my memory what it was exactly but something with lobster. Lobster bisque has been en vogue for a while now but i remember actually enjoying this version.Peekytoe Crabcake... on the regular menu and very very good. All crab meat cake without much else. The grapefuit and ginger sauce went well with the crab while the avacado smoothed the overall texture.Maine Lobster... also off the regular menu. Almost like an Asian stir-fry. My wife very much enjoyed it and the brussel sprouts were done to perfection. Brussel sprouts not done correctly can kill a dish.The beef... 3 stars24oz Porterhouse... ordered it medium rare. came out more on the rare side but i can enjoy some bloody meat so it was fine. But overall a bit chewy all around. The filet side was not overcooked but felt the quality of meat a bit frustrating for the supposed level of the steakhouse.In Vegas, better can be had at Delmonico's or even Joe's Seafood at Caesar's Palace.Quite a letdown... only salvaged but its other offerings and service.
5	I'm gonna have to give this place a perfect rating.  From reservation to bill the staff was on point.  But to the part I enjoyed most...Ordered:bone marrow - this was delicious...served on toast and some secret slaw salsa concoction...we finished two of these.seared foie gras - this was good but a bit on the bitter side...thinking the reduction sauce was completed on time so it left a bit to be desired but the foie was perfect and the figs balanced it well.calimari - was one of the best i've had...soft and the batter was seasoned to perfection...you almost didn't need a dip.  that good.black truffle mash - only had a couple spoon fulls of this as I could feel the butter clogging my arteries just smelling it.  it was very good though and nice compliment to the steaks.porterhouse - aged and cooked with TLC.  couldn't ask for more here.NOW for the main event!  The server suggested this Wagyu / Angus cross bred cow called the Australian tomahawk chop (think bone-in rib eye with the dark fatty outer cap trimmed)...another yelper said theirs wasn't that good, however, ours was insanely flavorful and was awesome.Great steakhouse...but call early because they fill up quickly.
3	I've had several meals here and just wanted to post a comment after my most recent visit this week.  The steak itself is okay, but I would agree with other posters that are better options nearby.  My gripe involves the soda policy and the mashed potatoes.They charge $4.50 per soda, and push refills agressively without telling you it is not free refills.  Even after finishing my entire meal, the waitress asked again and luckily I said no.  My advice is order a coke, but ask for just two ice cubes, they fill a glass with ice and you get almost no soda.The mashed potatoes taste fine, but they are runny and should not be if they are to be good mashed potatoes.
3	id give it 4 stars but they were really rude about children. we had to plead and promise our childrens best behavior for dinner. they let us in but we found the  repeating of how they they would kick us out if the kids acted out uncalled for. the food was good. we loved the foie gras and bone marrow.
2	Ambiance was nice, but the overall food was terrible.  The watermelon soup starter was below average, the salads were good, the meat dishes were horrible, the chocolate cake was good, but the key lime pie was lacking (it also had pop rocks on it). All in all, pass on this restaurant.  For the price point, you are better off going to Del Fresco, N9NE, or Ruth Chris.  The sauces for the protein dishes (NY Strip, Pulled Beef, Bass) were border line disgusting.  Needless to say, I will never go back nor recommend this restaurant to anyone in the future.
4	Excellent food and amazing service.  Missing a star because my medium rare filet minon came with a warm pink center but my husband's medium rare ribeye came with a cool pink center.  Despite this, however, the meat was first grade, the sauces that accompanied the steaks were amazing, and the ambiance was classy and chic.  We had the early dinner menu which, at $69/person was a steal.  We truffle fries were to die for and my starter burrata salad melted in my mouth.
5	Wow. This was money well spent! I had one of the best steaks of my life here and the french fries beat out all others! The bottle of wine we had was amazing, too, and although I can't remember what it was I remember it being great! The service was a little slow but overall it was a very enjoyable time and the food was just AMAZING! I'd take this place over a buffet any day of the week!
2	Ambiance is nice, but the overall food wasn't good at all, the steak meat had too much fat and wasn't good quality.  The salad was simple, small without any special signature that should in that expensive stake house. All in all, pass on this restaurant.
4	Great salmon & shrimp cocktail! Presentation is excellent. Filet is just the fight size and seasoned to perfction.  Veggies prepared in olive oil are crisp and refreshing.  This NYC Spica Market inspired location in Vegas is truly representative of it's Manhattan origin. Great decor and smooth lounge music add for an excellent ambience
5	Friend and I popped in here really quick for a bite.1. The ambiance is wonderful, upscale, dark lit, elegant, sensual, mysterious.2. The music - outstanding eclectic (Snoop Doggs Sensual Seduction, Hot Chips Ready for the Floor are the only two I can remember)3. Service - we had a funky gal named Dorris serve us.  She was sweet with a dash of fiery.  I would go back to see her.For food, I got the seared Fois Gras (priced at $34).  The piece was larger than most places.  The outside seemed a bit hard at first look but as soon as I cut into the livery goodness, it was just right.  The fig and mushrooms just added to the spectacular appetizer dish. I also got the pear/apple endive salad ($20) and it was also just perfect.  They didn't go crazy on the blue cheese (thank god).My friend got the cheese crusted chicken ($30).  It was cooked perfectly.  He preferred the white meat cutlet over the dark meat which was fine for me since I got to have the dark meat! HA!  The cheese was light and not overbearing at all.  It was just crusted on one side of the cutlets so if you decided you didn't really want the cheese crusts, you could easily bypass and just eat the meat.Friend also got the butter nut squash soup which he said was tasty though he felt was very rich in cream. ($15)  Definitely high-priced but its always a good feeling to know that you actually got high-quality for that high-price.  I would go back though nervous about getting any steaks based on the reviews on Yelp.
4	Went here bc we were staying in Aria.  It is a nice restaurant with a cool design.Service is great.  Food is good.  But it is overpriced.  I know Jean George is some big time chef..blah blah...but it doesnt need to be that high.  It is not ridiculous like Robuchons for example, but for the price vs quality, I would rather go to BOA or Flemmings and get the same quality of food for a better price.Overall great place if money grows on trees.  Cool joint for entertaining.
5	OMG.    The food here was amazing.We went there for a bachelor party dinner.  Our bachelor party was very laid back. The bachelor had a huge lobster tail that was bursting out of it's shell.  It looked like the old 70's tuxedo with the ruffles.  Man it looked delicious.  I had the Kobe Beef Burger and it was just so juicy.  Great ambiance and great wine selection.  I would return in an instant.  It's a bit pricey, but if you want a great meal then it's worth every penny.
3	We were having a pretty late dinner because everything was pretty booked because of CES, but ended up coming in because we were staying in Aria and its basically right there. The restaurant is pretty cool, one of those trendy fancy dimly lit modern music type feels to it. Upon being seated we were greeted by our server, and he soon brought us a bevy of different breads - sourdough rolls, pretzels, this flat bread thingy, etc.I ordered the 24oz Porter (still in that go big or go home Vegas mentality) medium rare, but it came out medium. The other people I was with both got the 6oz Wagu Filet from Australia, and that came out absolutely perfect and was basically melt in your mouth tender.Steaks come with 4 sauces on the side (house steak, soy miso, i forget the other two) which are nice, but I'm more of a steak salt and pepper kinda guy, esp if I'm paying premium prices for it. Overall it was a pretty nice place to have a steak, not my favorite by any means but a pretty chill place if you're around that end of Vegas/Aria.
3	Celebrated a friend's birthday here. The ambiance is very nice here. The reason for 3 stars: The service was EXTREMELY slow even though the restaurant didn't seem full at all, but then again, when you're paying top $$$ for dining experience the service needs to be on point.... this wasn't the case. We had to flag down our waiter a few times... and towards the end it became somewhat unbearable. I had sea bass, while it was cooked to perfection, the sauce on top was a bit too salty, the veal steak was a bit too salty as well :-/ This dining experience does not justify $110/pp . Not sure if I'll be returning to Jean George's in Las Vegas...
2	My husband and I went to this restaurant  during the past holidays.  Needless to say, given Jean George's reputations, we had very high expectations.  I mean, after all, Jean George is a celebrity chef!We picked out a couple of the restaurant's signature steak dishes and an appetizer.  My steak was cooked ok but my husband's was overcooked( he had asked for medium rare.).  Another thing that we find strange was that we were served with 4 different sauces to go with our steaks.  For us, this was the first because we had never been served any type of sauces in any high-end steakhouse.  High quality steaks shouldn't require any condiments other than salt and pepper!Our overall dining experience was extremely disappointing.  We expect better everything especially when we paid $300+ for a couple of steaks and an appetizer!
3	Had a reunion dinner with 8 guy friends last weekend.  We were all expecting to be blown off our feet by the dinner, but unfortunately are expectations fell short.In brief, service was average.... our waitress had her fake, annoyed smile every time she approached our table.  Starters were way below average for a restaurant of this caliber/price - sashimi was over salted and over-lemoned; salads were blah.Steak was cooked perfectly, meat was good quality.Didn't have desserts.I would not go back when there are so many other vegas steakhouse choices.
4	This is a nice place for a quiet dinner or if you're hosting a big party since they have plenty of room to accommodate both with intimacy.  Although you show up for the steaks I was quite impressed with the seafood appetizers as we had the Sushi Sampler and Bacon wrapped Shrimp.  Although the appetizers were delicious they aren't bountiful, just enough to satisfy a taste of three or four bites.  While I had the glorious ribeye with a great presentation of steak sauce.  A meal here is pricey but the food is more than deserving and a great dining experience.
5	I finaly got to get into some trouble so i headed down to Jean Georges in Aria WAS greeted with a smile buy the hostess and walk to my seat by the GM Owen who was hands down the best gm i have ever met. He answered all my questions and checked back several times at the bar and my table. Gary The bartender was awsome as well as the other nameless guys that where all on top of my water and americano. My server Juan was top notch in my book on top of the whole rodeo which was my table blew me away with his wine knowledge was the best from any server i have come across . I went for restuarant week the fritters breath taking , burrata dont have to say much about that because it is burrata you know . Then the short rib was the best thing i have ever had and the creme brulee very tight with pinapple sorbet . but the worst part is that my experince was so good that i want to go back everyday
2	First the good: Great service and a cool room. I like how the restaurant is on a different level from the casino floor.  Now the bad, the food is terrible.  I had the Sea bass, it was over cooked and too salty, and send it back. My wife had the NY strip, I ordered one to replace my fish.  They were not cooked evenly, and were a little dry.  I know steak houses use a laser to check temperature. If your job is working the grill in a steakhouse, you should be able to cook a perfect steak be sight and touch.  Come on, in a restaurant in Aria charging $50/ entree, I shouldn't be complaining about the preparation of our meal.
3	Does not meet Jean George restaurant standards as far as quality and taste in food. It was a little disappointing.   The lobster was bland and the Wagyu steak was mediocre.
3	If you are a fish person..go w/the Sea Bass, you won't be disappointed. Bring your pocket book though.it was $121 for two
4	meal was amzing across the board. we had the shrimp cocktail which was amazing, ceasr salad and i had a the filet which was perfectly cooked and tasted amazing. it kills me when i order med/rare and my steak comes out medium but they nailed it....
4	Wonderful service.Wonderful food.Really, what more can one ask for at a steakhouse?In a city with tons of choices, we were a bit skeptical when we visited this fairly new restaurant at Aria.  The smell of Aria is so annoying (what is that, Vanilla?) that we had to suffer through it all just to get to the restaurant.  But once inside, it's like a dark club.  The music is too loud, for sure.But the food makes up for it.The only reason we don't give it five stars is because a steakhouse should have a REAL Caesar Salad.  That means big chunks of Romaine, real anchovies, large slices of Parmesan, and real housemade croutons.  Here, the Caesar salad has none of these things.The steak is seriously yummy.  We will return JUST FOR THE STEAK.  (What is it with the new trend of sending out sauces with steak?  Carnevino and CUT do this too.  We believe a great steak stands on its own, with salt and perhaps a little pepper only.  Please don't send out my seventy dollar piece of meat with balsamic something or another glaze.  And keep the soy whateveritscalled in the kitchen.  We want steak.  That's it.)
3	Very pricey! Is it worth the hype? NO!
3	Made reservations sight unseen.I knew we made a mistake when we arrived.The waitress was pushy and from a by gone era of servers.Her service team was composed of Mo Larry and Curly.I must say the food was good when it finally arrived.I must also say that the wine list was great and reasonably priced.Unfortunately not enough to get me back.
2	Honestly, we'd get the same quality, IF NOT BETTER, making it ourselves at home. Way, way, WAAAAAAY overpriced for what you get. $50 just for a serving of meat and no vegetables or salad?! Come on...!! I don't mind paying more for amazing food but I don't like paying for the "wank factor" of eating in a so-called up-scale eatery when the food is really not remarkable. It certainly wasn't bad but it didn't leave me "licking the plate" and saying "Oh my God, this is outstanding!". Something I WAS expecting to do after forking out $360 for 3 people - no wine, no dessert and no starters. Seriously, there is much better for a lot less on the Strip. All you're paying for is the name. Not surprising I had never heard of that name until eating there tonight. Won't be in a hurry to go back.
4	I personally cannot review the steaks since I had chicken, but the food at this places was amazing.  We got chicken samosas as an appetizer, being Indian I was skeptical about samosas at a steak house.  They were $12 for two pieces, but it was one of the best samosas I ever had.  For dinner I ordered the chicken and a side of mashed potatoes.  They only had fried chicken, not grilled, which was a bit disappointing, but it was really good.  The batter was well flavored and chicken was cooked just right.  They brought out a bunch of different sauces for us to try and their hot sauce was on point.  The mashed potatoes...  lets just say it was worth all 1200 pennies.  It melted like butter in your mouth.  My friends who ordered the steaks were just as happy with their meals.  We were so full we skipped out on dessert.  The meal without alcohol came out to $75pp, but that was expected at a high end steak house.  The service was comparable to the prices they were charging, they definitely deserved their tip!
4	Jean Georges, I have been waiting to try you and finally got my chance last night. We had a 7 pm reservation for Saturday evening and were running a little bit late. My husband called to let them know and they were very accomodating. We arrived and were seated right away. Our first waiter came out with the menus and the wine/cocktail list. I started out with a twist on a lemon drop and husband started out with a glass of scotch. They brought out a selection of bread but I only really tried the pretzel bread because it my absolute favorite. It was delicious and nice and soft.We decided to go with two appetizers, the tuna tartare and the crab crostini. The crab crostini was to die for. Two crostinis loaded with dungeness crab mixture with a light dill flavor. The tuna tartare was a classic take and was very good. For the main entree we ordered the tomahawk chop which was a waygu/kobe beef hybrid. We also ordered the fritters, the mashed potatoes and the bone marrow and toast. The fritters were so good. They were perfectly fried, and nice and creamy in the middle with a spicy goodness from the jalapeano and cheese combo.The bone marrow was really good! I had always wanted to try it and I liked it although on one of them, I couldnt get the marrow out, so that was a little disappointing. The mashed potatoes were nice and creamy with a good flavor. But had a little bit of a sticky texture. Now to the main reason JG's is getting four-stars instead of five. The tomahawk chop. This steak was 26 oz for $95 bucks. Hubby and I decided to share it. As soon as it came out I was wishing we had choosen something else. First of all, a lot of the 26 oz came from the huge bone. Ok, I can get over that. The waitress described the cut as very flavorful because it is marbled with fat. I didn't get that. I got huge pieces of fat on the end and the meat didnt seem too marbled. It was good but it was not great for $100. I was glad they served it with sauces cause honestly it was not overly flavorful. The people at the table next to us had the porterhouse and the filet and I was jealous. My husband has another glass of scotch and I had a glass of shiraz. The atmosphere was great and modern but the music was a little too loud. There was a photographer walking around and he took some really good pictures of us. I was kicking myself for not getting one this morning but I never asked how much they were cause he came back during a bad time during our meal. Overall our meal was really good, the atmosphere was nice and romantic, the cocktails were good and the service was excellent. I would like to come back again and try a few more things on the menu but it will have to be after we have tried some of the other steakhouses in Vegas.
4	Nice upscale restaurant with a romantic vibe, relaxing atmosphere. Lobster mash potatoes weren't the best, too much butter and the calamari was over cooked, however the steak was a 8 out of 10. Beware of the photographer, he is super pushy.
1	Not a fan, waiter had an attitude. So much so they gave us another waiter.  The wine we ordered was "not in the warehouse". We had to ask two different people if our waiter could take our order. I'm here now ordered over 25 minutes ago. An easy steak, and cheeseburger and have yet to receive our order. The only good part was the bartender and his recommendation for an appetizer
4	loveeeeeee this place.ordered alot of the appetizers...bone marrow - best i've had in the worldbeef carpacciotuna tartarfoie grashad the filet mignon for dinner.the food here is pretty good. i def think the ambiance makes the food taste a bit better.it is expensive... i dream often of just coming here to order the bone marrow and drink wine. it is sooooooooooooooo good.service is 5 star. i know i've had better food, but this place is very well rounded as far as food, service, ambiance, etc... so this is one of my fav restaurants in vegas. i never leave disapointed
2	First of all, an hour after we ordered we get our food. Service was slow. My friends top priced item in the place for prime rib was not cooked for perfection and was just  rare and un-eatable! She had to call waiter to have it cooked a little bit more which took long. My burger was not the best as the flavor was more on the sauce and cheese than the burger itself. It was 5 times the price of my regular burger. Everything was salty. We had the bone marrow which was salty or maybe it was the bread and side was salty...the only think I liked was my calamnsi drink....I would not recommend the place if you want taste.
3	The prices here will take your breath away.When the waiter was reviewing the specials, one of the steaks was $300. Wow.If you have more money than you know what to do with and want to have a faux meal to match your faux tan, this place is for you.The waitstaff are good, good at up-selling (which, give them credit, is how they pad the checks to get bigger tips).Draft beers are small, portions are small, and price are extreme.I dare you to try and get out of here spending less than $40 per person (good luck).
4	Walking into Jean Georges steakhouse will definitely make you feel like a VIP.  The ambiance is perfect and the service is nothing short of fantastic.  We ordered the shellfish platter to share and I ordered the Tomahawk (bone in rib eye) steak.  The steak was impressive.  It really did remind me of a native American tomahawk axe and it was cooked (rare plus) to perfection.  In terms of size, the steak was generous.  It was in between a 4x6 and a 5x7 postcard and was about 1" thick.  The verdict: Would I go back?  Yes.  The overall dining experience was very enjoyable and I would recommend it to those willing to spend a little more for a special experience.
5	To start we had oysters on a half shell...Me & my bf both ordered The rib eye medium....& a bone marrow to share .....Every bite was great... Service was great ..
5	My husband and I watched KimChi Chronicles so we had to make reservation while in Vegas @ Aria. We've been to Craft Steak twice and had really high expectations, and of course it did meet our expectations. For starters, we had the tuna tartar and shrimp wrapped in bacon, followed by beet salad in greek yogurt (this is a must) and mozzarella salad. I had the figlet mignon for my main course, cooked as requested. The wine was great as well as service! No complaints here. :o)
4	First of all, we were very pleased when the sommelier knew his stuff. It's rare that we come across that these days. The last knowledgeable sommelier was from The Jules Verne at the Eiffel tower!The service was alright. Waiter seemed overly eager to take our order which is annoying. Besides that it was fine.  However I must say the hostess was retarded. We made reservations but when we arrived the place was dead save one other table. It's a huge pet peeve of mine when host staff seats us in a quiet restaurant next to the only other table in the restaurant thats occupied. I understand keeping people in the server's sections but the place was EMPTY. I requested to be moved and the hostess acted put off and bitchy. Very rude and snotty about it. I graciously blamed it on my father's tendency to tell loud stories after he's had a few glasses of wine--but really there is no excuse for this. If we are going to pay $500 for a meal we want a good experience and that includes being seated in a way that allows us the privacy to enjoy ourselves and our conversation. Other than that the food was delicious!
3	The quality of the steak was excellent and so was the wine selection. The sides were very good. The major disappointment was when ordering a steak medium I would think for the price it would come out medium, not rare (completely raw and cold to the touch in the middle).
3	Excellent food but lackluster service. We had to ask for bread and were never asked if we wanted more wine until the very last bite of our steak.  My impression is that they look down on customers that don't spend a whole bunch of money on their meals.
5	One of the best steak houses in Vegas, hands down. Very intimate atmosphere, quality meats with the perfect array of fancy steak sauces  that are genius-ly paired. I got the filet mignon and lobster and loved it. The lobster was so fresh and tender that complimented the butter sauce and the steak could've been cut with a butter knife, so soft and juicy. You can really taste all the love the chef puts into every bite from appetizer to entree to dessert. Staff is knowledgable and attentive. Def recommend it!
5	First wedding anniversary calls for a fancy shmancy kind of dinner. We were staying at the Aria and only heard amazing things about Jean George. Atmosphere was dim and romantic with a trendy edge. The wait staff was super helpful with the menu and helped us pick out delish items to try. We had the seafood platter to start and it was fresh and alive with the flavor of the sea! I chose lobster for my entree. It was HUGE and cooked perfectly. My husband went for a entire cow (24oz porterhouse) and every bite was succulent, tasty, and tender. The bone marrow side dish tasted just like butter! And finally the lobster mash was delectable and had actual pieces of lobster in it! To top it off...the hotel...and I do not how- found out it was our one year anniversary and gave us a warm chocolate molten cake on the house for the special occasion. All in all- a great, yummy, and fantastic dinner!
4	I had a good time here.  The steaks are on point, as they should be at a steakhouse.  Juan, my server was attentive, friendly and knowledgeable.  Fresh tuna with crispy crusting was a delightful surprise.   The deserts were just that, something sweet to end a meal.  They were good, but didn't have anything to set them apart from any other steakhouse.
4	I'd say closer to 5 stars with this review.  One of the best meals I've had in a while.  The oysters tasted fresher than when I've had them on the beach in Santa Monica.  The Bone Marrow was absolutely delicious.  I got a taste of the Pork Belly spring roll which was also very good.  My fiance' had the Chilean Sea Bass and I had the Filet, both of which were perfect!  The truffle mash was super tasty too.
5	I went here during restaurant week and it was incredible.One of the top steak houses in Vegas IMHO.
5	I give Jean Georges a 5 star simply for their sea bass. It is amazing, the best fish dish I have ever had. I've visited several times and always order it. I've tasted the steaks and they are good but not at the level of the sea bass. If you come here for steak but also like fish and want a dish to remember you really need to try the sea bass.
3	was just ok, The Service was lousy. The porterhouse seemed as it came of a mini cow.  save your money and go to a better steak house.
4	We returned to Jean Georges while we were staying at Aria. We enjoyed it last year during restaurant week and again it did not disappoint. We started with crusted tuna and french onion soup. The tuna was fresh but a bit bland despite be served with a sriracha mayo sauce. The soup was rich and flavorful. Next we had wood grilled whole snapper and the short rib. The short rib is really fantastic we loved it last time too. The snapper was nicely prepared and flavored from the smoke of the grill. We had jalapeno cream corn and truffled mashed potatoes. Both were positively delicious. Tab was around $160, it's a bit of a splurge, but well worth it.
3	As some have accurately described, it is all about the ambiance here. Romantic as anything, dark, sweet little corners and curves....so nice. Came before the Cirque show for a 3 course dinner.As one walks in, it is almost like dining in those underground cave taverns of Europe. A room divider is comprised entirely of hundreds of encased wine bottles on display. The chef's table private room is expansive.My warm spinach salad with lardons and chevre vinaigrette was tasty. So was the stellar bread basket. No exaggeration: the croustillante and moelleux from their baguette made me devour another basket of just that variety: perfect bread! Loved most the sourdough; great ratios.Next came my  12-oz NY strip, ordered medium. Done and prepped with a SW inspired dry rub, complemented with a salsa verde concocted sauce. Almost like a chimichurri. Asked for medium...cooked perfectly. But waay tougher than I had expected.Glasses of bubbly are reasonably priced.The cheesecake with the sour cherry compote and cream inside of a tuille stole the entire show. A sucker for cheesecake, this plate was stunning, in presentation, form, and taste. Quite good.My service was impeccable, save when i needed them in the end to get the bill. Other than that, attentive and quick. At times, almost too quick. Glad I have this Alsace-born Vongerichten establishment to compare Shanghai Nougatine to.
4	Jean Georges is a favorite restaurant in New York, but I was dubious about yet another top name chef doing a Vegas steakhouse. But everything was great, and as it turned out no one had steak. The highlight was the teriyaki short ribs, which were like candy on the outside. The wine list is expensive, but there are a few hidden gems.
5	If you are looking for a great steakhouse in Vegas, go no further. My wife and I dined here twice on our last trip celebrating our anniversary. The manager recognized us from our first trip and stopped by to say hello. The Australian Wagyu beef was amazing. The sides were excellent - Try the jalapeno creamed corn with lime. The wine suggestion was excellent.This is the best place to celebrate a special event in Vegas.
2	What a Complete DISAPPOINTMENT !!We've been to quite a few high end steak houses and pretty much know what to expect when they say good meat.The food was definitely below average.... actually to be blunt the filet mignon's were terrible. Nothing we've had or would expect. Side dishes were a joke... Side dishes are small to begin with but their's was funny. No wonder the waiter told us that it would be best to probably order a "few" of each side order.. A "few" of each side order ??? Really.. But we understood why when we got them. It looked like the toys my 5 year old plays with in her miniature kitchen. The taste on the side orders and the appetizers were NOTHING to brag about. Baked potato soaked in salt and this is supposed to be gourmet.. Overall the food was a complete disappointment, service lacked horribly and the interior was nothing impressive either. After experiencing the food and ambiance of the SW at Wynn, Jean Georges is miles away.There were 8 of us and we couldn't wait to leave the place.Oh, they were more expensive on every single dish than most of the really high end steak houses !! It's ok to charge, but you must deliver accordingly.
2	Went for my Bday and the service was excellent but the food is another story. The food is not worth what u pay. Bill came out to $250 for two. Had a ribeye, pork, bone marrow, and two glasses of wine. Save your money. Go to Bobby Flays for a better steak and price.
5	I was told by a few people this place was really overrated, but one of my buddies had a comp so I figured I would check it out.  I've been to just about every steakhouse in town and this is one of favorites.  I had a shrimp cocktail, french onion soup special and a waygu fillet that was softer then butter and cooked perfect!  The service was good and I really like the atmosphere in the restaurant.  All though the meal was comped I did think it was a little over priced in comparison to other places of the same caliber.  But net net it is worth the money and worth trying out!
4	I feel like I need to post a review to help this place out.  I don't think it has earned some of the hatertude it's getting on yelp.  I had drinks in the bar and dinner in the dining room.  The drinks were AWESOME.  Delicious and stiff, just what you want for a $15 cocktail.   Try the cucumber martini.  It is sooooooo better than the sticky sweet cucumber swill other places pass off on you.  Even a man could drink one of these with a modicum of respect. They serve truffle popcorn at the bar.  Who in their right mind doesn't love that?  The bartenders were just-chatty-enough and gave us some awesome dinner recommendations for our reservation later.Once we moved to the dining room, service was attentive but not omnipresent.  The wine list was solid.  The menu is fairly typical of an upscale steakhouse.  Thanks to the bartenders we had lots of good recommendations and enjoyed everything we ordered.  (sea bass, rib eye, and filet mignon)  The ambiance is nice, very dark, woody, and steakhouseish.  The Chairman of the Board provides the soundtrack.  I felt like I was over at the Wynn or the Bellagio with the music.  Not that there's anything wrong with that.I've been to Prime, the other steakhouse that Jean Georges V-whatshisname is lord and master of in Vegas, and I prefer this one.
4	Dark and romantic restaurant located inside Aria. I thought the restaurant was nice and upscale, as every other classy joint inside this upscale hotel is. Food and service was just right. My server was attentive and listened well.Steak (ribeye) was delicious also. Cooked just the way I wanted it. Fries were crispy and airy. No dessert this time-- I did however, love the 5 different sauces that came with the steak.Although I am not a big bread eater (esp at 9:30PM...) the bread assortment was different from all the other restaurants I have been to. Cracker, cinnamon raisin, PREZETL!!, and sourdough?Pricey as any other restaurant would be in Vegas.
4	Decided to stay at the Aria this time around for my Vegas trip.I didn't know what to expect when first walking up to the restaurant, but the second I walked in I knew I was going to be paying for the ambiance and decor. It was very dark and trendy, clearly setup to impress..I made no reservation but that didn't seem to matter, the hostess was helpful and didn't make us wait long at all..The waiter here was polite and helpful with his recommendations..He was attentive and made sure my date and I were satisfied with our visit.I'm a steak guy, I saw the waygu steak cut and knew I had to try it, it was good and prepared perfectly..Not sure it was worth it but definitely good..Wasn't too impressed with their appetizer options. Overall food was 4/5.Now I don't know if this is a regular thing here but they had a photographer taking pictures, he approached us and decided to put on a photo shoot..It was a bit much and asked for poses, bit annoying when trying to enjoy a peaceful dinner..But in the end we ended up buying a photo for memories, so it wasn't so bad, just needed to be toned down a bit.I'd say this place is in the top 20 of restaurants I've ate at in Las Vegas.
5	Wow. A new favorite, this place was insane.  The service, the food, the drinks - it was a perfect nightWe started by sharing the Spinach Salad with Warm Goat Cheese Dressing. It was very over dressed (the only minor disappointment of the evening), but the dressing was very creamy mixed up with salty baconWe shared the Pork Belly Egg Rolls which we both very much enjoyed.Now this is where I start to lose my mind.  I ordered the Soy Glazed Short Ribs with apple and rosemary. Favorite entree ever. The sweet glaze on the short ribs was amazing and at one point joked to Mr R, "...can I order seconds?!"He had the Wagyu Filet which was almost as good as my entree.  A perfectly cooked tender steak. We loved it. Despite not being a fan of "dipping sauces" at steakhouses, I found two or three of them to be different and really good.Dessert was awesome, a Salted Caramel Sundae. It was the perfect end to our meal.We rarely do repeats in Vegas (or anywhere really) but this is one place I will go back to next time we're in Vegas.
3	The thing about Vegas is that there are tons of great food places, so I'm always blown away by the food.  The ambiance and the service was excellent here, but the food was only okay.  I'd give it 3.5 stars.  Here are my thoughts:Service: 4 starsWe had a great waiter and I wanted to become best friends with one of the staff members.  Because we had to wait so long for some food to come out, he gave us some complimentary wedge salads.  We also got asked a bunch of trivia questions and if we got them right we got free molten lava cake desserts.  Probably because they had extras (our desserts said Congratulations! on them yet we were celebrating nothing) - but hey, a free delicious dessert is a free delicious dessert.  My one complaint was that we didn't eat THAT much food, but our meal lasted over 3 hours long.Ambiance: 5 starsLoved the decor - confused a bit about the lit walls and what that design is (it's on the menus too).  Not too dimly lit like some restaurants.  I was happy I could still see my friends I was dining with.Food: 3 starsWe got a bunch of food.  Like a lot.+ I forget what wine we got but we got a Malbec for $42 that was decent.+ Oysters - excellent.  Half a dozen for $20 is about standard. + Tuna tartare ($20) - not bad, but I've definitely had better. - Pork belly spring rolls ($20) - not great.  The sauce was overpowering, and two tiny egg rolls essentially (fried - so not spring rolls like advertised), and the pork belly was just okay.  Not really worth my stomach filling up for.+ Spinach salad ($14) - I'm in love with goat cheese (which was the dressing) and bacon - big fan+ Wedge salads (free for us) - I usually dislike bleu cheese, but this dressing was mild enough for me to enjoy.- Porterhouse steak $60) - ordered it medium rare - I think the order must have messed up because it took quite some time to come out (hence the free salads maybe?).  My portion was a bit charred and underwhelming.  Not great tasting to be honest.+ Chilean sea bass ($42) - small portion for the price.  Came with a bunch of sauces though and I must say the miso-butter sauce complemented this really well.  The shiitake mushrooms were roasted pretty darn good too.- Black truffle and comte fritter ($12) - underwhelming.  Cheese wasn't gooey enough and truffle taste wasn't as strong as expected.  Waiter said it comes with 7 balls - we got 8.  Score?+ Bone marrow ($16) - pretty darn good.  Wish there was more.Molten lava cake (free for us) - amazing.  Rich, perfectly balanced with the homemade vanilla bean ice cream.Some of the food was decent, but I would say I have had better and that for the price we paid, it wasn't extraordinary.  I happened to see Michael Phelps here during our meal and have talked more about that then the actual food.  Granted, he could be yummy in his own sense I suppose :D
4	Best steak ever.  We are still talking about that first bite of the perfectly char grilled steak.  Go for the steak.  Go for the great service in a nice atmosphere.  Prices are a bit outrageous and the sides are very small.  The spinach salad was a total pass as it was too drenched in the lackluster dressing.  The port belly eggs rolls dripped with grease, were very tasty but not worth what they charge.  Just go for the steak.
3	Hard to find until you are familiar with Aria.  On the Promenade level, tucked between Sage and American Fish. Nice setting, but very very dark.  We started with a bottle of red...good thing is they have a decent and diverse wine list, hitting all price points.  Even the cheap wines are "OK"; the bad thing is most are marked up about 225%.  We ordered 3 appetizers (crab cake, pork belly egg rolls, and bone marrow side dish as an app).  I was bummed to find out they took foie gras off the menu, due to its unpopularity.  On a promising note, the waiter and sommelier were attentive and the waiter did double check to see if there just happened to be any foie gras  "available" in the kitchen; sadly there was not.  Appetizers filled the 3 of us, but our entrees included sea bass, tomahawk steak special, and a burrata tomato salad and tuna tartare salad.  Sea bass was the best out of the three.  There seem to be too little salt on the steak, tomatoes, and tuna, but all were still decent but not out of this world or matching the price tag.  We ordered a second bottle to numb the damage just prior to the check.  Ouch it hurts, especially since  I've had better "expensive" food.I walk away with a memory of "eating there" sort of a tick mark on a bucket list, but nothing particularly stands out from my dining experience. To add salt to the wound, American Fish looked like a livelier and more tasty place to eat.  I don't know for sure, but just what it seems...
3	I enjoyed the atmosphere and the food was decent, but $54 a steak with no sides is the typical LV Strip hotel ripoff. Food: 3.5/5  Just average steak. The big bone in it and sauce tray on side will try to convince you its better.Ambiance: 4/5Price: 2/5  No one should have to pay $12 for a small portion of mash potatoes. Advice: Unless your wallet is endless, try somewhere else. And if your wallet is endless, try somewhere else bc Im sure for that price theres much better out there.
3	This beautiful - and dark - steakhouse was perfect for our group of six on my last night in Vegas.  My $54 filet met my high expectations; I've had better cuts at the Capital Grille and other high-end steakhouses for $40-50, but hey, this is Vegas.  Excellent bread and parm-mashed potatoes, incredible miso-steak-butter.  Our server was attentive and funny.  All around a great experience, if you're okay spending some dollars.
4	We had great meals at the JG Steakhouse. I got their tasting menu and was very happy with it - especially the filet and the dessert options. The decor was nice - a sophisticated, dark modern feel that was great for the group.  And the service was great. We got a great deal of attention from a very knowledgeable staff without feeling overwhelmed by their presence and check-ins. I would recommend.
4	Hosted an event in the private room (Chef's Table). The wine list has many CA wineries :)Really enjoyed the attentive service, the steaks were flavorful and prepared to everyone's satisfaction---solid selection of side dishes. I look forward to returning.
5	I have to go back and give JG it's fifth star!  I have now eaten there three times and can say what I feel is one of the highest compliments of an establishment.  They are consistent!  The first time I went I went for a steak, it was what it was supposed to be.  My wife liked it, so we tried it again.  The service was on point and friendly.  To Jack Jenkins and Juan Ricoy, you are true gentlemen.  As a member of the hospitality industry I have a hard time enjoying my dining experiences.  Thank you for knowing what guest service truly means.  Management is present and every time I have been there I have watched them make sure they are interacting with the guests.The food!  I have now had the short ribs twice, and they were the same both times, fantastic.  My wife, fillet all three times.  Boring, you might say, but it was perfect all 3 times.  Which again I say consistency matters!  Pork spring roll, simple and tasty.  Spinach and bacon salad is balanced and doesn't overwhelm before the meal.Overall, I would go back again for a forth and fifth time.  The service and the food compliment each other.
1	I love great steak. I'm a big steakhouse fan. This is about the worst steakhouse I've ever been to. It's not because the food is so-so, but the service was worse than abysmal. This is a restaurant in serious need of training from the top down. The top here may or may not be Jean Georges, but there is some serious attitude training needed. The obvious aim was to be pretentious, which is never a good thing. But if you're going to be pretentious, then you'd better be able to back it up with stellar service. They didn't and couldn't. First the food.The steak was so-so. My dining partner and I were going to split the small rib-eye, which was listed as an 18 oz. portion of prime beef. It came to the table a little small for its purported weight, which wasn't the problem. It was an OK rib-eye, but lacked flavor for a $45+ piece of steak. We also had a Caesar salad, which was good, but not great. Nice preparation with delicious anchovies on top. Couldn't fault that. We also ordered some Brussels sprouts, which were nice and crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. It came with walnuts and avocado, an unusual preparation, but delicious. The wine list was inaccurate as well. A shiraz from Barossa (I'd been to the winery) was listed as being from New Zealand! About 3,000 miles away from South Australia and Barossa. It was kind of, but not very, cool that the wine list came on an iPad, but they would have been better served by using paper. I understand the concept, but not the execution. No. While the food and wine was OK, even if way overpriced, the waitstaff and manager were the problem. And the problem was huge. First the waiter. There are ways a waiter can suss out what kind of knowledge the diner has about a product being presented. In this case, since I owned a restaurant once, I was very knowledgeable about beef. The waiter approached us as noobs who knew nothing. The meal came all divided up, but not well. The dishes were cleared away in such a manner that it appeared that they couldn't wait for us to leave. Plates and utensils were snapped up. As we finished our meal, the bus person came by and started clearing the table with a lot of clanking and jerked the place mat from under a drinking glass like a magician. It made a loud noise and seemed very rude. He ignored us when I told him to stop. Then I was angry.The manager came by and asked if there was a problem, then proceeded to be a automaton, "Yes sir." "Yes sir." "Yes sir." "Yes sir." "Yes sir." "Yes sir." without hearing a word I said. Of course this was even more upsetting and condescending to us as diners who were paying a great deal of money for a mediocre meal. This man as a manager is in serious need of training or another profession.At the end of the day, we left a very small tip. The waiter was OK. The manager was not. The only thing he did well was come to the table.If you want a really good steak and good service that doesn't condescend, go across the street to Smith & Wollensky. Don't let your shadow fall on this place. I realize that this little diatribe won't make much difference because Jean Georges is located in the Aria hotel, so they get a huge captive audience, but I will be in Vegas again and I will go somewhere else. STAY AWAY from Jean Georges!
4	We decided on stopping by the steak house after attempting to purchase some Zarkana tickets.We walked in and they were booked on regular tables and only had seating at the bar. We sat down and looked over the menu. We decided after the yelp reviews and the prices of the steaks that we were only going to get some appetizers and drinks.We ordered some draft beer and a martini, which were both great. We also ordered some Oyster appetizers and some fried taco things. Both were excellent! If it wasn't for the high prices (yeah I know we're cheap) we should have stayed for dinner.Customer service was decent as well.
2	From the menu, it seemed that many of the steaks were not even premium-priced but very overpriced.  The steak I ordered was okay, they overcooked it from the medium rare I ordered.   The one thing I enjoyed was the mashed potatoes they served as a side.  Service was okay at best.  If you are going here , make sure you make a reservatoin.
2	Very dissatisfied customer. Waited a long time for our appetizers and ended up getting cold oyster Rockefeller. Ordered Medium rare steak and it came out medium. The manager came over to fix the problem after we asked to talk to him twice and he ended up buying our meal. We were very surprised since this place was supposed to be one of the best.  We will come back for a second chance, but we left very unhappy.
3	Very good. Good martini.  Tucked weirdly away in a shopping mall - my least favorite trend in Vegas restaurants.  Once you get inside, it's a slick place - dark.  I ordered the Rib Eye as a point of comparison to Mastro's.  Very good, well prepared - a B to Mastro's A.  The side sauces are interesting but unnecessary.
5	I have eaten at many Steakhouse's but this place is the best. I had the most delicious Kobe Steak!!
3	Decided I would try a steakhouse in Vegas that I have not tried before, so I ended up at Jean Georges at the Aria.  I've dined at a Jean Georges restaurant in London, so my expectations were high.  My experience at Jean Georges Steakhouse was... meh.I don't really have anything bad to say about Jean Georges.  The experience should be one that wows me at their price point, but sadly Jean Georges didn't wow.  First up was a sushi sampler.  Extremely small, tasty morsels of three types of fish on a deep fried rice cake with a spicy mayo.  Not bad, fish slices could have been more generous, but not wow.  Some soy sauce with that maybe?  The main was the Australian NY Steak.  It comes with four sauces; a house made habanero butter sauce, a soy miso sauce, a flat bernaise sauce and some ketchupy kinda thing.  Can you tell how I felt about the last two sauces?  There was also a bone marrow shaped container of a salsa verde that was very nice.  Did I really need five sauces with the steak?  Nothing offensive about it, just sometimes less is more maybe?  The mashed potatoes were quite buttery, very nice.  First cocktail came with a dirty glass, but that was immediately remedied when pointed out.  The service was fine.  The decor felt very New York.  So there it is, my meh dining experience at the very pricey Jean Georges Steakhouse.
5	I made reservations before the last Zarkana show though yelp, which work great as I was surprising my girlfriend for her birthday. While she thought I was just playing words with friends I was actually making the reservation. hahaha.. We started with a nice bottle of wine(they're wine list was a tablet ipad? which we thought was pretty cool) and the crab cake as an appetizer. One of the best we've had..I ordered the filet while my girlfriend ordered the Wagyu filet and shared some sides. She also added the lobster tail..I guess she was in the mood for surf and turf. The lobster tail was huge..the biggest we've encountered yet. My filet as excellent but nothing compared to Wagyu, which was tender beyond words. Samples of all their homemade sauces came out  with our entrees..all were great.  As far as the side go, the garlic mashed potatoes were perfected, the creamed spinach not so much. We were celebrating my girlfriends birthday and of course they provided a complimentary dessert  with happy birthday hand written in chocolate...WOW. Yes this place is very expensive but while worth it. We'll be back to celebrate future occasions.
4	December 14, 2012.  A great experience, chose the tasting/multiple course option with wine pairing.  All courses were great, tasted Wagyu beef for the first time.  Service was perfect.  The only distraction was the photographer stalking the patrons and the continuous flashes around the restaurant. It seems a petty complaint, but the restaurant is slightly dim and the flashes were pretty bright.
2	Just had New Years Eve dinner with 3 friends at Jean Georges Steakhouse.  We were all very surprised about the fixed menu.. It would have been nice if we were told about this when we made our reservation 6 weeks ago or even when we confirmed.. Surprise Surprise!  The portions were very small which may be expected since there were 5 courses.. At $175 per person I would expect some wine pairing.. Sea Bass was very much over salted.. I did enjoy the lamb which I chose over the tenderloin.. But I had my heart set on a real steak... not lamb or tenderloin.. I would have traded all those little portions for a fat juicy steak... While eating I kept closing my eyes wishing I was at a Morton's.. Do your customers a favor and tell them about the fixed menu in advance.. Place is probably good when not on, yes I'm going to mention it again, the fixed menu.  Lame!
4	Really enjoyed the starters - Chipotle "Smoked" Salmon with Cucumber Yogurt Relish & Golden Potato Flakes was great and the Rice Cracker Calamari with Smoked Chili Glaze was fantastic. Had the Slowly Cooked Salmon with Lemon Crumbs and Swiss Chard Sweet Chili Glaze as a main course. Easy location and relaxed friendly service. Only thing missing is a larger selection of wines by the glass.
4	Food was delish service was below par. I had the waygu filet and it melted in my mouth faster than ice cream! The cocktails were amazing and I drank them like lemonade! Our server was a blah kind of guy with a blah kind of personality who didn't order the correct side dishes and wouldn't bring me a dessert menu until it was  convenient for him as opposed to the first two times I politely asked. I would certainly return for the food and drinks but I'd pray for a different server.
4	12-13 of us took in the Zarkana show last Saturday@7pm...afterwards we decided to try Jean Georges...since we did not have reservations, our party waited for almost an hour but as it turned out, the wait was worth it. We ended up in the "Board Room" and one of our waiters was Joseph who won over the filipina ladies in our party since he mentioned that he was married to one. My wife and I started with a glass of merlot each and the bacon wrapped shrimp. Then came her filet mignon w/asparagus and my 18oz rib eye w/creamed spinach. We chose to share dessert w/the warm chocolate cake and scoop of vanilla ice cream. A wonderful meal and other than the wait...excellent service.
4	I was in a burger mood when I was here, and it was a pretty freaking good one. As far as sides, brussel sprouts were great, the marrow was amazing, but the mac and cheese was nothing special. Wine list is on an iPad.
5	I am a regular at Jean Georges Steakhouse.  We usually start with the Foie Gras since it is not available in California anymore. Steaks are wonderful normally comes with 3 sauces, from their homemade sauce, classic Bearnaise sauce and a jalapeno and cream sauce. Their side dishes are great and their wine selection is very extensive. New restaurant so decoration is very trendy, service is immaculate, noise level acceptable for a busy restaurant at a Party town. Overall we had excellent time. I recommend for intimate dinner or a big party. I can't wait to visit again.
1	We dined here on a Wednesday evening around 7:30, no reservations were needed. The restaurant appeared to be a nice steakhouse.  Prices were more on the expensive side, we didn't mind as we wanted a great steak!I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. The food did NOT live up to the price and the quality was poor.  We started with a shrimp cocktail appetizer- the shrimp tasted old and fishy and the cocktail sauces were over salted.We also ordered a salad, the $62 ribeye and asparagus. The salad was mediocre and the asparagus was under cooked.The steak was horrible.  The cut of meat was poor, it was over cooked and was over seasoned. Lastly, why would a restaurant of this category feel the need to charge for a refill on a Soda?One of the things we love about Vegas is the dining experiences and love the different restaurants. We will not return here and I would not recommend.
3	Service was excellent.Food was good. $80 pp no drinks, Good? Meh.Just another slighter better overpriced steak house in Vegas.
1	Terrible, Terrible, Terrible...Where to even begin. Well, I guess the good news was unlike every other good steakhouse in Las Vegas during Super Bowl weekend, no problem getting a reservation here. Now I know why.Service, non-existant. After meal served, never came back and we supposedly had two waiters.Steaks, awful!! My rib eye full of fat. My date, fillet overcooked. Both steaks COLD (in a supposedly top steakhouse, really)  The coffee shop served a better steak than here. And way way overpriced. Go to Vic and Anthony's at Golden Nugget for I think the best in town or SW at the Wynn.
1	Ridiculously over-priced with mediocre food. Ordered filet medium came cold and over done. Had a better steak at Outback in Casper WY the week before. Can't imagine ever going back.
1	I have many complaints about our dinner at Jean George, the food was mediocre, and overpriced. Other reviewers have described the restaurant accurately. My complaint is the poorly designed ladies room, there is no place to stash your purse except the floor. Then if you take your purse to the table bathroom bacteria is transferred to the table. How many women have had to put their clutch on the floor then the table? Yuk, I imagine the whole restaurant is contaminated.
5	I recently went to Chef's Gordon Ramsey's famous restaurant in London which was the best food, service and experience I ever had when it comes to fine dinning....Jean Georges Steakhouse is now the 2nd best food, service and experience I have ever had when if comes to fine dining.   In all three categories this place was 5-star!  I highly recommend it!  But be warned a full dinner experience for two ran me $425 dollars.
4	Excellent porterhouse for 2 and lobster mash; the butternut squash soup was NOT thin or watery ! The music was a tad loud; great waiter who was originally from Long Island and the Bronx .
4	Nice trendy restaurant. A bit pricey, but if you want to wine and dine in Vegas that it's a good spot to go for steaks. I had the back ribs and it was pretty soft and delicious, but did not care for the sweat souse on it much. Note that they only allow kids over 5, so last year we were not allowed here, but this time my kid was almost 5, so they did not say anything. I noticed that the decoration in the front right outside the door has been changed. They had some kind of ice peek decorations, which I really liked. Those were replaced with some kind of mirror statue, not as good.
3	Believe me, as someone who wasn't paying for this meal, I was primed to like it a lot more.  And there's some cool decor and atmosphere, with the wine list on iPads and modern appeal (even though the walls looked disturbingly like the evil twin of a Monster Energy drink can).  Atmospherewise, the music is weird and I think kind of emo.  Which, also, believe me, I would totally have ignored if the food blew me away.But it just didn't!  I was so excited to try all of the sauces offered for the steak... I am a bearnaise man through and through, and was so excited to try that and the hot sauce, and everything!  However, 5 sauces on my rib eye, and none of them were amazing.  - Also at $60+ for an 18 oz. ribeye is crazy expensive... other places offer a way bigger cut for that much- were just not wowing me.  I will say this, the salted caramel ice cream--- AMAZINGLY GOOD.  Almost pushes this review to 4 stars.  But literally everything else I had was average- bland creamed spinach, truffle mac and cheese that needed more flavor.  I tried one of the dishes on my friend's tasting menue that really put me off too... just tasted like bad sour cream.I think this place could be great-- and don't get me wrong, I was super grateful for the free meal-- but a little taste and a little more atmosphere could go a long way for some of their stuff.  If it was cheaper, or better atmosphere, or a little more tasty, it would get 4 stars, but mehhh.  I've had better.
4	Enjoyed the sushi sampler and tuna tartar along with a manhattan at the bar.  Bartenders are great guys...just bring extra cash, this place isn't cheap.  I believe the tab was close to 100 dollars for the above.
3	Went to JG on Saturday night with a group of 5. We were all fairly full from all day March Madness activities and a happy hour, so the whole meal consisted of 2 rounds of drinks and an entree for 3 of us, with the other two sharing the tasting menu. No apps, one side, and 1 dessert. Bill was 500. My guess would be a full meal with a drink would run you about 150-200 a head if you're getting decent things but avoiding the ever-present "insanely overpriced treats" that all LV steakhouses have listed in a few places. Drinks were well made and the drink menu on tablet was a neat touch. Steaks were delicious. I had a Wagyu filet that was cooked perfectly. Dessert was actually the one standout of the night with some salted caramel ice cream, caramel corn, etc. The tasting menu pair were really only blown away by the steak entree and fish course. The app left something to be desired. Overall, I felt that it was a bit below my expectations for the price. I didn't have that wow factor that I need from a restaurant in this price range. It's a very good restaurant, but I've never felt that lukewarm at a Joel R. Altier in MGM or somewhere like Citronelle Michel Richard in DC or similar place in NY. Let's face it, in Las Vegas today, if you want to go have a 300+ dinner for a couple, you've got a lot of choices. This wouldn't be on my short list next time.
5	My boyfriend I picked this place for out 1-year anniversary. Making reservations last minutes can be hard, but if you have an M-life card with status, they can normally get you in quickly via phone. On this day however, I made them via open table a few days in advance. We arrived on time and were directed to the bar for a few minutes and then were escorted to a nice booth in the back. Service was awesome and they have a great wine selection. Tuna tarter here is probably the best in Vegas and you HAVE to try the truffled mashed potatoes. I have the filet and the bf had Australian beef. We both absolutely loved our meal. They even made us a small anniversary dessert! We will be back :)  Beware of the photo guy, we ended up spending an extra $200 on photos
3	First Impression: very classy and romantic place to have a nice dinner before heading out to concertJust wanted a light bite, so here's what we ordered:Tuna Tartare: 3/5 - It was ok. I like the presentation, but that's about it. A little too salty. Would've appreciated it if a little more citrus to balance out the taste.House Special Chocolate Bar: 3.5/5 - Many things going on on that bar, it was nice presentation, but the flavor is so-so. Some of the things on the bar don't match well with the chocolate.
4	Is that decor a flame or the claw of Satan?  I can't tell.  Not sure why they would go with that particular graphic.  Food was good, not spectacular, but almost there.  I had the Lamb and it was just a little on the overcooked side.  For the price they could give you a larger portion.Several folks here have commented on the music...I think they need to have a different selection.  I am not sure what 17 yr old emo kid programmed their songs, but change it up.Oh, and if you are going to say you have a dress code, then please enforce it.  We made reservations for 6 of us and were informed that there was a dress code of no shorts or T-shirts, but after we were seated a large group of guys came in dressed in, you guessed it, Shorts, T-Shirts and flip flops!  The service was tremendous and our server was engaging and friendly.
3	For the food, I'd give it 4 stars. It's great, you definitely won't be disappointed by the quality. Atmosphere is excellent, very modern, flashy, serious, romantic, it's a classy place.For the service (for the hefty price tag you pay here), I'd give it 3 or 2.5 stars. They could be a bit more personable and welcoming. We're here in Vegas, dressed up fancy, at 4-5star hotel, to eat steak at 'Jean-Georges'...you've goT to step up the service. Diners coming to eat this restaurant aren't just looking for great cow meat. We want to be pampered, and I shouldn't have to reach out for my waiter throughout the night. Do smile to customers.  My last tip for diners; if the waiter asks you if you want to try 'the special', make sure to check the price. My friend went with it without asking and ended up with a surprising $300+ bill for a plate of steak samplers. Overall, if they pump up the service, the restaurant would be a true 4+ star restaurant.
3	So my girlfriend and I stayed at Aria and had a reservation for 2 months at The Steakhouse and the bubblehead woman at check in sat us at a horrible table so we will never go back.   If you don't take care of hotel guests, what's the point?   A group of 4 walked in with no reservation and sat next to us and complained about the table, so although our waiter was good and the food ok the experience was soiled by an idiot woman who sat us in Siberia.   Bad job!!!!!
5	Amazing ..... We had a celebratory dinner with approx. 34 people and the service was spot on. The servers were attentive, professional and so very nice. The food was delicious and even the vegetarians in the group were catered to...... We will be back!
4	new york strip was perfectly medium and tender.  mash was a bit on the creamy side.  but the truffle and lobster (separately, of course) is a nice touch.  wine list was ok.  service was a bit on the slow side.it's definitely more of a quiet couple's restaurant because our group of 4, which i didn't consider loud but rather normal conversation volume, kept getting looks from the couples sitting next to us.
4	Had dinner here for business, and it's a very nice restaurant. NY strip was cooked perfect and was very good. Creamed spinach side was also very good, mashed potatoes were average. NY style cheesecake was awesome. Service was over the top. Prices are high, but I wasn't paying!
4	Is Jean George the best restaurant in the Aria? No way! Is it solid compared to some of its neighbors? Oh yes!I came in for my birthday with some friends from out of town. We came in for a late dinner and was taken care of with meticulous hospitality. To start we ordered the oysters rockafeller and the crab cake. The portion sizes are not large. It is just a taste. Both were sensational. They were running a special on an Australian bone in 30 ounce ribeye which is raised similar to wagyu. We got one of those and their regular ribeye off the menu to compare. The marbling and tenderness of the Australian definitely stood out. It warranted the price as well. The sides were a letdown though. The mushrooms in goat cheese and bone marrow were not outstanding. The latter was underwhelming in the fact that it was so sparse. There was hardly anything to scoop up. The garlic spread that accompany it was the highlight. The pairing was intended to cut the rich fattiness of the bone marrow. Instead I used it for the ribeyes with the same intention.Now this is where it got crazy. As the servers heard my friends wish me a happy birthday John G. prepared for a tour of the restaurant. After that we had to try some desserts. We got the churros with three different dipping sauces; strawberry, chocolate, and dulce de leche. It was good on its own or with the last sauce. The lava cake is JG's specialty. Apparently he came up with this signature dessert. It was the perfect portion. I could not see eating anything bigger. The strawberry rhubarb cobbler with pistachio ice cream is out of this world. The lattice work on top is gorgeous and every component meshed together well. Then there was the caramel sundae with the best caramel corn. The popcorn is served warm and it contrasts so well to the cold ice cream. I was on a sugar high and loving it. I might not have been blown away by everything, but it was a solid dinner.
4	I came to the Jean Georges Steakhouse for a group dinner hosted by some guys with whom my firm does a lot of business.  The menu had been preselected with one table-wide appetizer, and three to five choices of soup/salad, entree and dessert.  All of the choices appear on the regular menu. The table started with the chilled seafood platter, with an awesome selection of oysters, shrimp, crab claws and crab legs. There were multiple cocktail and other sauces - I'm sure this appetizer cost a fortune, but it was truly extraordinary. I chose the Burrata Mozzarella (salad), with tomato, olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  The burrata could have used more salt but it was very fresh and really nice.  Not your average grocery store tomatoes, and good luck finding obviously handmade cheese like this - really nice dish. How disappointing then that my medium rare NY Strip Steak was overcooked to at least medium - that shouldn't happen at a Jean Georges restaurant. No red, just a bit of pink in the middle.  The steak also tasted bland. I wasn't a big fan of the mushrooms either.  The mashed potatoes were awesome and probably had as much butter as they did potato.My dessert confirmed the steak was an aberration.  The chocolate cake was ridiculous. Not too sweet but just bitter enough and perfectly melty on the inside with a rich ball of ice cream. Excellent. Two comments on the service. While it was fantastic overall (they were cool when we lingered after closing time), it was annoying when the staff kept asking whether I was having flat or sparkling water, and then when one didn't ask somebody topped off my flat water with sparkling water - not cool. Then it was annoying when a photographer cajoled us into taking a souvenir photo of the table. Then she wanted $20 for each print.  Really guys?  At Jean Georges?Overall the dinner was great, and special thanks go to our hosts. Great place.
2	First off, world, there are so many people with nut allergies out there - why would you serve bread with nuts without saying something about it?! Especially when it has  GROUND walnuts that were not visible nor tasted by anyone in the group! No wonder our friend had a near anaphylactic reaction! Luckily her allergy is not extremely severe or there would be a major problem going on. She did not want a commotion to be made, so I discretely went to the hostess to ask what is in the bread - since all servers were no where to be found. She informed me that it was walnuts and that someone should have told us. Since we were dressed up my friend did not have her EpiPen on her so I asked where the nearest medical station was to get some Benadryl (everyone in our group is in the medical profession so we felt comfortable not calling an ambulance). She got hasty with me and said "Probably the CVS down the street" - HELLO! You have a medical situation going on - I'm fairly certain the Aria has a medic or at least your restaurant has access to some Benadryl! I checked back in with my group before going on a mile long adventure and my friend told me she would be OK as long as we were all mindful of her situation. The manager never came out to see how she was doing, no one checked in on us until the end when the server said "Probably should have told you about the nuts, huh?" That's it. The service was majorly lacking. We felt that because we are quite young (early twenties) we were of last priority, apparently our money was not as good as the older couples in the restaurant. At every high end restaurant we have ever been to (and many day-to-day 'regular' restaurants) allergies are of high concern and we have been asked by nearly every server prior to the beginning of the meal. My friend is very aware of her allergy and waits until her husband tries breads or other high concern foods before she does. It passed all of our "sniff tests" because it was hidden with other flavors and was ground. Not excusable. Where in the world was management - clearly the server knew that he didn't say anything about the nuts and the hostess knew we weren't told of it. My friend was not comped even in the slightest. Unheard of.The rest of the meal was uneventful, food was great. We did the prix fixe meal and was quite good. We were all happy with the rest of our food, despite our general feeling about the restaurant itself.
3	I was disappointed. The food was good, but our server, Jonathan, was not. He was short with us. He seemed put out that he had to be at work - he basically walked up and asked what we wanted to order. We didn't even have a drink yet.I ordered the short rib - it tasted great.  My husband ordered the lamb. It was delicious.  The waiter didn't explain any of the sauces that were brought out with the lamb.   The food was good, but there are so many other restaurants with better service. We have eaten here many times and it wasn't worth the price this time. We won't be going back.
3	I have to say that I'm slightly disappointed in my experience here. I'll get to my food in a minute but first I'll talk about the restaurant itself. You walk into a dimly lit dining area that reminds me of a cave. There are interesting decorations around but I suppose the lighting can be described as intimate. They have a huge wall of wine near the bar area that is pretty impressive. There is ample seating and it doesn't feel like you are crammed together. The food was alright but nothing overly spectacular. There were some interesting flavors in what we ordered. My boyfriend and I both ordered the same thing but had different experiences. We had the JG Cheeseburger - Truffle mayonnaise, Brie cheese, Yuzu Pickles and Truffle fries.  We both ordered the burgers Medium but mine came medium rare and the other was medium well. So the texture of the burger was a bit off for both of us.  The truffle mayonnaise was interesting but kinda lost its flavor after a few seconds. The Brie was very nice on my burger but then again I LOVE Brie.  The Yuzu pickles kinda had a sharp flavor to them so I felt like it took away from the flavor of the meat and cheese so I ate them on the side. Now if any of you have read my other posts then you would know that I'm a fry snob and I'll say that I didn't eat many of my truffle fries. The fries were crispy which was nice but the truffle was just kinda garnished over the fries and was a bit hard to eat. We also ordered a side of the Black Truffle Mac & Cheese. This was tasty with shaved black truffle on the top and bread crumbs. I think this was the best part of the meal to be honest but still lacked a certain something. The burgers are $26 bucks a piece and the Black Truffle Mac & Cheese is $18 bucks. Over all, it wasn't bad but I wasn't really in a WOW stage by the time I left. I might go back but I don't have a burning desire to do so. Reservations are recommended if you do go and I would suggest going around 6:30 when it isn't quite in the dinner rush yet.
4	It's ok.    Freaking expensive.
3	We booked this steakhouse for their delicious steaks for a party of 7 the night before. When we checked in with our 16 month old baby the hostess at the counter told us that children under 5 weren't allowed and that when we booked they should have told us but seems they didn't  This is the 1st time I've even been to a restaurant that doesn't allow babies. Isn't that age discrimination?! Well anyways they only seated us since our other party was already seated but told us that if our kid started fussing we'd have to take him out. The food was pretty good. I ordered the caesar salad the rib eye med rare. The steak was very tender, juicy and cooked just right. The salad was fresh and the caesar dressing was light and fluffy but the portion was a little small. Overall I would have given this place 5 stars but since the service was so-so and the no baby policy ruined it a bit.
5	arrived late so we sat at the bar, worked out fantastic!Bartender Mike was awesome! very knowledgeable about the food, very detailed! the 4 items we ordered which he had highly recommended  were just phenomenal! amazed on how delicious these items were!
4	We went at Jean georges for our 1st anniversary on Saturday evening after the show... This is the 3rd time we go to the Jean Georges and we have never been disapointed! This is still a mysterious question for me: "where do they buy their meat?!"... The ribeye is so tender, so juicy, so tasty! I have been disapointed by the french fries this time... They advertise hand cut, but this is clearly not hand cut... Or hand cut from the freezer. And the price is in the high range for a steakhouse... I would rate 3.5 stars if I could... I recommend anyway this restaurant for a good intimate and romantic dinner.
4	It would be hard to find too much wrong with a Jean George restaurant.  This Las Vegas steakhouse is no different... a really great dining experience.  The service is fantastic... all seemed very attentive and friendly.  Our waiter was knowledgeable about most of the menu... and made recommendations when asked.  The drinks were almost perfect...  The food selection is varied and, is clearly focused on fire-grilled steak.  I had the ribeye and it was really tasty.  The sides were solid and the desert... the perfect ending.  I will surely return...
5	By far, the very best lamb chops I have ever had. I dream about them to this day and it was over a year and a half ago.
2	Food was sub par, in fact the steak was poorly cooked. The service was slow, although the waiter suggested a delightful wine pairing. Over all overpriced and not worth a visit. There are plenty of other steak houses on the strip that are a better value and better quality.
5	Best steak ever .BTW service was excellent
5	The 30 day aged NY steak is incredible. Staff is knowledgeable and friendly. The place is elegant but doesnt feel stuffy like like other fine dinning restaurants. A must for steak lovers.
2	One of the biggest culinary disappointments I have experienced in my life.  The chef couldn't stay away from the salt shaker, we were delivered the food meant for the table next to us, I sent food back twice, and then just refused anything else.  Our beverages were comped - but all in all I will never go back for a bad meal at an exhorbitant price!
4	The staff were great.  Food was good.  They slightly overcooked my scallops, but all the appetizer was great.  They even had one of my favorite and exclusive wines.
3	I go to Vegas four to five times a year and I like to try different steakhouses. So this time around, I tried Jean George's steakhouse since I was staying in Aria. I had party of seven and it was pretty make a reservation, but it was most likely because it was on a Monday night. Our server was very nice, and the place looked very nice in my opinion.I ordered the rib eye steak and my girlfriend ordered the filet minon. Our steak was just okay, it wasn't anything special. My steak was very bland and it came with four different sauces on the side which I did not really care for. My side order was the bone marrow but that was also very bland... I wouldn't go back to this place especially if I am looking to have good steak, I would say going to Ruth's Chris Steakhouse is probably a better choice.
3	Not offensive but also nothing to write home about. I would not come here again.
2	My husband and I went to Jean George for dinner before watching Zarkana. There were other restaurants in the Aria Hotel and Casino but we thought that we would try a steak dinner. We chose a steak special not on the menu....cured Kobe steak. It was quite good,very lean but full of flavor....and $270 a plate. The steak was great but not so much for that price. Before dinner the waitress handed me a blank menu, and we joked that this must be the diet menu. She apologized and mentioned that the restaurant would take care of our first 2 dinner cocktails. When we got the bill, we noticed that we were charged for the 2 cocktails. We reminded her that she had mentioned that the restaurant would take care of them, but she suddenly didn't recall the offer. It was obvious that she was covering her mistake.Anyway, I don't think my husband and I will ever come back to this place.
4	my boyfriend had made reservations for our four year anniversary here as a surprise. i never really been to a high end steakhouse before so it was def. a great experience and change.our reservations were at 7pm on august 9th, my bf planned it that way so that we would be in time for our 9:30PM showing at Zarkana. were about 10 mins late to our reservations since the tram and foot traffic during that time took awhile. i was a bit worried they wouldnt take us in but luckily they were nice about it. my first impression on the decor and ambience was def that "oohh this mighty fancy smancyyy!" it def gave off that romantic feel and since the lights and decor was on the darker side..it gave it more sexy appeal to it...like mhmm youre getting some you know what after tonights dinner ;) HAHAHA! dont lie, you guys know its true! anywho, i am beyond surprised, grateful, and amazed by the staff especially our waitors, doris and boris (i know it rhymes...we were wondering if they were paired up together on purpose lol). they were both amazingly nice, funny, courteous, and all around great! im always a bit hesistant to come into fine establishments like this because even if we do have money to spend..most places tend to age discriminate us because of our age and assumption that we cannot afford it. so i am def. am grateful they didnt do that to us.service again from doris and boris to the servers were definitely personable and incredibly nice. it was a bit weird they every server that came by came to keep refilling our waters constantly haha. i mean its nice but it was almost every sip we took lol. doris and boris suggested a good amount of plates..and we decided on getting the 12 oz ribeye for my bf, the 8oz filet migon for myself, shared the tomatoe/mozarella salad, and mac cheese/truffle side plate.everything we ordered was amazingly except the salad since it wasnt even a salad..it was more of a 2 slices of tomatoes and some cheese...like not a leaf or greens ..i wouldnt even called it a salad honestly lol. so just skip that if youre thinking about it...but everything from the meats to the mac/truffle side plate..was YUMMY! our fave sauce was the green pesto that came with our meats and the miso butter sauce.just when we were waiting for our check or for either doris or boris to come by after we finished our meals..a server came by and dropped off a dessert plate in front of us...i thought he had sent it to the wrong table b/c we didnt order any lol. The plate had ice cream with a candied caramel decoration and a warm chocolate molten lava cake...with a handwritten "happy anniversary" in chocolate..it was a TOTAL SURPRISE to my boyfriend and i. i even asked my bf if he had told them to that but he didnt..he just mentioned that it was our anniversary on the reservation though. i think my bf was lying haha ;) overall, i would def go here again. i think a lot of people have their own strong opinions of places so if youre thinking about taking a risk..then you should def do it with jean georges! service is impeccable, food was delicious and they def treat you like a king and queen. i am so thankful they made our night even more special with that surprise dessert. i give it a thumbs up!
1	This place was awful.  They didn't bring my sides w my good and I asked them to take them off and they wouldn't.  Service was rude and fish mediocre
3	Restaurant Week Menu - Romaine And Arugula Salad | Avocado And Spicy Corn VinaigretteSmall serving size was my first impression of this appetizer, but then at a steak house you dont really go for the salads. Not a lot of Avocado, i recall noticing about two or three chunks. A little more avocado would have been nice but with the serving size one extra chunk would have done it but three chunks would have been too much avocado. The vinaigrette had a pronounced spicy kick to it. I had forgotten it was even suppose to be spicy as i was interested in this only because i'm a huge fan of arugula. In the end it complemented the salad quite nicely as the sweetness of heirloom cherry sized tomatoes balanced it out quite nicely. - Grass Fed Paso Prime New York Strip | Smokey Tomato Compote, Herbal Spinach And Crunchy PotatoThe smokey tomato compote was excellent, just truly excellent. What ever it touched it gave off a sweet yet smokey tomato flavor; with the steak: totally awesome! with the crunchy potato: hey you got adult fries and ketchup! with the spinach very nice indeed. I'd love to have a jar of this stuff so i can eat it with anything.To be honest, i didnt taste anything herbal about the herbal spinach at all. It was just a hair on the salty side and tasted like any cooked spinach side with just a bit of garlic to it. Nothing special but nothing holding it back either. The NY Strip was a very uniformed cut and didnt look like any traditional NY Strip i commonly see. There was no strip of tendon and fat on the sides which was unfortunate for me as i do enjoy the tendon, gives it a chewy texture which is nice when the cuts are on the large or thick side. The quality of the steak was superb as well as the requested temperature, which was medium rare btw. Overall seasonings could have been improved. There was nothing about this steak that impressed me or made the dining experience worth it other than it being of a much higher upscale restaurant grade cut. - Warm Chocolate Cake | Vanilla Ice CreamNothing really stood out from this dessert. It's basically your average chocolate cake that's still runny in the middle served with ice cream. Nothing special, nothing just jumps up and wows you. I see restaurant week as an opportunity as a local to try out restaurants i normally dont even consider going to. If you're a tourist or not a Las Vegas local reading this review then i urge you to ignore everything i typed and go here, you'll have a great time. In my prospective, the only item that was served that truely wowed me was the smokey tomato compote. Everything else i give credit to the establishment for having quality ingredients and talented staff but the bang to buck ratio did not meet my expectations.Yelp 100 - 042 of 100
5	This was one if the best meals I've ever had. The food was outstanding. The sommelier recommended an excellent wine for our meal that hit the mark on every level. We had the silky and sensuous tuna tartare and the buratta for apps & they were wonderful. The levels of flavor in the tuna tartare were tremendous.  It came with a delicate rice paper chip of sorts that was crispy and dissolved almost instantly once it hit my tongue - pretty neat and well paired with the tuna. We both had the aged NY Strip (Waygu beef I think) and it was delicious, well seasoned & probably the best steak I've ever had. The sauces that accompanied the steaks were wonderful and I had a hard time selecting a favorite.  They were all delicious.The sleek cast iron plates and dishes were really interesting and made the steak look like a piece of art when it was presented. Very dramatic. The Lalique knives were beautiful and well balanced, I was very impressed with them. We wrapped up the meal with the decadent molten lava cake and ice cream, which was out of this world.  I have his cookbook and have made the cakes myself, but obviously his were better!I feel lucky to have had such a memorable and delicious dinner here and I truly look forward to returning here again. I hope you have the same experience if you have dinner here too!
5	Great food, great service, great wine list, and cool iPad technology for ordering wine and desserts. Started with lobster and King Crab appetizers, then enjoyed Heirloom tomato salad, all were incredible!  Dinner was Filet Mignon with host of sauces, along with Mac cheese, asparagus, mashed potatoes and spinach.  Memorable meal accompanied by 2009 Ladera Cab, great value in wine. Highly recommended.
5	LOVE.  I'm not a big steakhouse fan but this place is amazing!  Everything was made to perfection and service was on point!  Not to mention the buttery tempura calamari!  I have never tasted anything like it!  There was no rubbery texture whatsoever!  And the steak...  WOW. I will definitely be back for more.
4	It remains an excellent choice for steak in Vegas but where's the Japanese beef?Straightforward starters.  A good tuna tartae.  Chunkier than most, lightly layered / mixed with avocado with soy ginger dressing. A crisp rice cracker a good textural foil.   The tempura calamari, light and crisp with very little residual oil.  Pairs well with it's sweet chili sauce.To the steaks, USDA Prime, extremely well trimmed, beautifully seared on a hardwood burring grill, even coking to exact temperature.  The Australian wagyu filet mignon, buttery with a cloying fatty finish.  Around A3 quality.  Tender but lacks any wow factor.  The star of the menu is the Angus 300 (it is not aged for 300 days but the name of the steak.).   According to the restaurant, the steak is raised in elevations in excess of 3000 feet and fed slowly for 300 days, finished for the last 100 without any hormones or antibiotics.  The steak is wet aged 14 days and finished with a 28 day dry age.  Very good, pronounced dry age flavor, nutty and buttery with a good umame punch.Standard USDA Prime cuts are right on par.  Excellent, porterhouse and rib eye.  Both tender with good beef flavor. For sides, props to the bone marrow with lemon remolata.  Rich and unctuous.  Toss the toast, scoop the marrow on the steak, add the granita and enjoy!  A beautiful pairing that brightens the steak and makes it even more wine friendly.  The black truffle and cheese decedent.  Aromatic, covered with shaved black truffles.  Works very well with the Angus 300 further accentuating its umame goodness.Finally, for non beef eaters, the roasted Chilean Sea Bass with a miso yuzu glaze and a side of roasted maitake mushrooms good eats.  Think miso butter fish with a side of great mushrooms, umame on umame.  Keep in mind, portions are smaller when compared to other top steakhouses.Service remains steakhouse proper and friendly.  The wine list remains excellent.  High Vegas resort pricing.*****scratches head***** No Japanese beef?
4	Its nice not bad really, but must say have eaten a better steak at Venetian and MGM. Although nice new and fresh ambiance. Great service!
3	Came in with family for a very late dinner, around 10pm.  My uncle had two of his young children.  At first the hostess said they didn't allow children but when she heard it was a party of 11, she changed her tune (big bill, cha-ching).  Restaurant is beautiful.  Food was pretty good but nothing amazing..  Service was terrible.  It took over an hour to get our entrees.  That's absolutely ridiculous.  Even with appetizers.  Dining room wasn't even busy since it was so late at night.  We had two waiters.  One was very friendly.  The other was slightly condescending and rude.Burrata Mozzarella Salad - Very good.  Can't go wrong with Burrata.Roasted Chilean Sea Bass - Was just ok.  I wasn't a big fan of the Miso glaze but then again I don't really like any Miso marinades.Rack of Lamb - Delicious and perfectly cooked, seasoned.  Creamed Spinach - too salty.Broiled Bone Marrow - good but could have been better.  A little bit bland.  Creamed Corn - very good.Overall, with so many fine dining choices in Las Vegas, this place is lacking.  There are far better places to spend your money.
5	I love Jean Georges!  This is one of our favorite Steakhouses in Vegas.  It's chic, the service is outstanding, and the food is awesome.  When we lived in Vegas, we dined here several times with friends, clients, and associates.  Since we moved away, we've dined here a couple of times and it's still one of the best.  On our most recent visit, we ordered:Shrimp Cocktail, $24http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jean-georges-steakhouse-las-vegas?select=SB9fjtPMZe1uSfIkrWDAsw#SB9fjtPMZe1uSfIkrWDAswWedge Salad, $18http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jean-georges-steakhouse-las-vegas?select=ParoKhwPVYkS75fYHbs0_A#ParoKhwPVYkS75fYHbs0_A8 oz Filet, $56http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jean-georges-steakhouse-las-vegas?select=wyuSSo6SyEj_E0lkMaIvYA#wyuSSo6SyEj_E0lkMaIvYARack of Lamb, $54http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jean-georges-steakhouse-las-vegas?select=y3z9DxKeC2ym8wMsTgao4g#y3z9DxKeC2ym8wMsTgao4gBlack Truffle Mac n Cheese, $18http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jean-georges-steakhouse-las-vegas?select=arVyfuaH2n5we4Ny-HF4vQ#arVyfuaH2n5we4Ny-HF4vQThe Wedge Salad was a perfectly sized portion and full of flavor.  The Iceberg Lettuce was crisp and juicy....the thick slices of Bacon added a ton of flavor to it....yum!The Better Half enjoyed the Shrimp Cocktail.  She almost got full off the Jumbo Shrimp.I had the Filet, which was heavenly.  Juicy, charred just right, and full of flavor.  It comes with a choice of sauce and I always get the JG Steak Sauce.  The sauce compliments the Steak and doesn't overwhelm the natural flavor of the Beef.The Black Truffle Mac n Cheese is spectacular as well.  Very rich and creamy.The prices at this joint are not for the budget-minded diner.  Don't fool yourself....if you don't want to spend the money, don't dine here...you'll be disappointed.  However, if you want a great meal in a chic restaurant with awesome service, then this place is for you.Return Factor - 100%
2	This is my standard line for Vegas restaurants, but this place is basically just a cheap facsimile of other Jean Georges locations (even the Scottsdale location is miles ahead of this one).    Service and wine selection were very good, but the food was nothing special.  My medium rare filet came out medium.  The bone marrow (usually a favorite dish) was disappointing - it was gelatinous and didn't have that spreadable, butter-like quality you would expect.  Lobster mashed potatoes and truffle mac were enjoyable, but not earth shattering (pretty much anything with lobster and/or truffle is going to taste good).  I did like that the creamed spinach was not too heavy, and that you could see the stems on the spinach leaves, indicating they used fresh spinach.  One final complaint - they wouldn't split the bill on more than (I think) 4 credit cards, which was kind of a pain with that large a group (10 ppl) (one would think they'd be more accommodating given the number of bachelor/bachelorette parties and guys/girls' weekends that are likely to be there).  All told, not worth the money, but really, is anything you eat or drink at a big Vegas hotel going to be?
3	I'm giving this 3 stars due to ambiance.  Please change the music.  Hard to enjoy the music with fast loud club music going on.  I was turned off.  The ambiance and food is better at Mandalay Bay, Strip Steak.
1	Do not buy the dinner and a show package to include this steakhouse. Immediately after our server found out we were ordering from the "limited menu" his entire demeanor changed, he was extremely rude as if insulted we by our combo dinner and show.  We were treated very bad and the food was also bad. Both our steaks were crispy and burnt. Do not eat here especially with the dinner and a show package. We complained to the manager and he also seemed indifferent.
2	Ridiculously overpriced for the quality and service. $18.00 for a sliced wedge salad that was poorly presented. Sides equally priced yet very small portions. Steaks from $54.00 to $260.00 for a 6 oz Kobe Filet imported from Japan. I had the NY Strip. I've had better food at Long Horn. The only thing I can figure is that their rent must be very high.
2	Went on a Sunday night. Place was crowded. Service was good but the hostesses at the entrance weren't very friendly.Food was meh... you can have the same level of food at many other steakhouses for 30 - 50% less the price. As some other reviewer said 'not up to par for the price point'. I don't know if it''s me but the whole ambiance feels cheap.Kind of felt that the portions were smaller than what was advertised.On a brighter note the side dishes were very good. Had the Black Truffle Mashed Potatoes (not in the menu), the Grilled Asparagus and the Broiled Bone Marrow.All in all we ended up paying $379 (plus tip) for a 3 person dinner.
5	Very impressed with the quality of food and their attention to detail. We got some very nice photos taken of us and in the reservation I told them it was my boyfriend's birthday and they remembered to bring out a dessert with a candle without a reminder! Would definitely go there again.
5	First time at Jean george ! Can't believe I've never been. Service was excellent steak was cooked perfect. Will def be back again soon. Would have to recommend getting a steak, although the salmon looked delicious!
4	Sat at the bar, bartender gary was amazing great service and food was on point. Always a good choice with a cool vibe.
2	I wasn't happy with the experience.  The service was subpar, and for a steak as expensive as this my group and I expected a better one.  Their bar service was good, and they pour a good drink, but aside from that we were underwhelmed.
5	I'm definitely a fan of Jean Georges at the Aria! Great food, excellent service, and an all-around great experience. If you're looking for some good eats at the Aria and want to venture off in some of the fine dining they have to offer, Jean Georges is definitely one of those places that delivers.The Place -Jean Georges is located inside of the Aria Casino on the Promenade Level (2nd Level) across from The Buffet in this, sort of, horseshoe next to a few of the other restaurants. While Yelp describes the place as needing "dressy" attire, you can definitely enter the place with a "business casual" type of a dress code. If you enter the place with a t-shirt or shorts, you will definitely feel out of place. The restaurant itself is fairly dark and intimate, which is expected with any type of fine dining experience and the furniture and decor is very modern. The bar is a fairly decent size; however, the seats at the bar are spread out spaciously so that you don't feel like you're sitting in someone else's lap when you're enjoying your beverage or eating your meal. At the bar, you're treated with two flat panel TVs mounted back to back to take care of both sides of the countertop. The restaurant itself has a fairly big footprint and can definitely accommodate for any party size. Very cool place, Jean Georges!*****5/5 Stars*****The Service -I was in town for a conference and the last session ended at 5:15pm. Jean Georges's only service is during dinner with doors opening at 5:00pm. Immediately, after my last session, I went straight to Jean Georges in hopes of being able to just sit at the bar as a walk-in. I checked out their digital menu that is mounted on the wall right outside of the restaurant and after a few brief minutes, I approached the door where I was greeted by several hostesses. I asked if Jean Georges is reservation only or if I could walk-in to the bar and they politely let me know that the bar was open seating, offering the full dinner menu, and that I was more than welcome to have a seat. Hostess interaction is really important to me as it's usually the first impression that you get of the restaurant and Jean Georges delivered flawlessly. I sat myself at the bar where I was then promptly greeted by the bartender, Thomas. He asked if I was staying to eat and gave me a menu to glance over. After that, he gave me the drink menu, gave me a few minutes, and took the initiative of getting me a water in the meantime. I came during Game 1 of the World Series and they had the game on the TVs and the bartenders and patrons were participating in general conversation regarding the game and were all really down to earth. The excellent service continued throughout constantly checking up on me making sure that I was ok. The service in a restaurant is just as important as the food they serve and Jean Georges definitely delivered. Thanks, guys!*****5/5 Stars*****The Food -Goodness gracious, where do I begin? As I was looking through the menu attempting to figure out what I wanted, the bartender(not Thomas) came around and gave us popcorn (See Picture) to snack on. Now, some of you probably just snickered at the mention of "popcorn" at a fine dining restaurant, but trust me, this is popcorn you DEFINITELY wanna try. The popcorn, in addition to it being buttered, is also dusted with Cayenne Pepper and Rosemary giving it a savory kick to your tastebuds. The taste is absolutely addicting and wouldn't mind if they made it available for the public to buy and have it shipped to their house haha. For my main dish, I ordered the Soy Glazed Short Ribs (See Picture) and the Truffle Mac & Cheese (See Picture). The Truffle Mac & Cheese is nothing special, but delicious nonetheless. It's very creamy and cheesy and the truffle is present throughout each bite. The Soy Glazed Short Ribs were nothing short of amazing. The short ribs were perfectly cooked not needing a knife, only your fork, to cut it. The accompanying apple-jalepeno puree was a sweet and savory accent that matched perfectly with the apple slaw that was served on top of the short ribs, which I could've ate just by itself all day haha. The Soy Glaze on the short ribs was absolutely delicious and is definitely what made these short ribs some of the best I've ever tasted and I've tasted A LOT! Haha. The glaze was sweet, tangy, and did not overpower the rest of the dish. It was well-balanced and I HIGHLY recommend it if you're in the mood for some delicious short ribs! Tres bien, Jean Georges.....tres, tres bien!*****5/5 Stars*****Overall -I'm glad I was in vicinity of this restaurant. There are many places to choose from in Vegas when it comes to a steakhouse. In fact, I believe each major casino on The Strip has their own steakhouse so it makes it hard to choose. If you're in the Aria as a visitor or a guest of the hotel, I would HIGHLY recommend checking out Jean Georges! Thank you for the great food, great service, and a memorable experience.
4	Very nice, great food.   The mash potatoes are excellent.  The steak is good with a lot of options.  Make sure to get the sauce sampler.    It really makes the meal more interesting.   This restaurant is not for someone on a budget.
4	My husband and I ate here last Friday night. We were staying at the Aria for our wedding on Saturday night and wanted to make sure that the entire weekend was top-notch. Jean George Steakhouse came recommended as one of the best dining experiences at our hotel.Our concierge made reservations for us at nine and we were seated after a very short wait. It looks small from the entrance, but don't be deceived, this restaurant is huge! The decor was generally very posh, but as you enter the restaurant, you walk past a circular bar. The bar is gorgeous ( a cool black lace type of pattern), but the effect is ruined by the TV's behind the bar. Although upscale, there is no sort of dress code and there were many people at the bar in jeans and scruffy tee-shirts. Although I generally dress this way, it was a bit of a let-down to see it at such a nice restaurant, especially on a Friday night.The waitstaff was generally very friendly and personable. We joked around with them and it gave the place a but of a casual air. It was comfortable. They were also very professional and attentive, with our course coming out at a good pace and our drinks always full. It felt like we had a team of servers, as we interacted with many different people. We went with the five course tasting menu with wine pairing. Each course was beautifully and artistically arranged. I wanted to take pictures, but it just didn't seem appropriate! It was often too pretty to eat! The first course was Caviar served in a lemon and on a bed of a lemon jelly. It was delicious. The second course was tomato based. I can't remember exactly what was on it, but it was very good. The third was scallops- my favorite course! I can't recall the fourth course, but the final was an amazing cut of steak. We added the truffle mashed potatoes, which are a must-do! For dessert, we had a chocolate mouse. Everything was outstanding.A piece of advice- If you do the wine pairing (and you should) skip having a pre-dinner drink. I actually got fairly drunk and couldn't finish or properly enjoy my meal. It's a big undertaking, go in on an empty stomach!Also, be prepared to spend more on pictures. They had a photographer going around to the tables and our pictures were so good, that we bought all of them. We spent about 150.00 on the pictures alone. They were great though!Jean George Steakhouse is a decadent meal. The food is upscale, but the vibe is relaxed. I'm glad that we went here, but it isn't a good pick for a "romantic" restaurant, which is what I was hoping for on my wedding weekend. It's loud and busting. Fun and vibrant. But alas, not romantic!
4	Ordered the crunchy sushi appetizer, Caesar, creamed spinach and as the mains Chilean sea bass and Waeygu filet.First the app: so good! The Caesar was a disappointment. The sea bass was incredible! It was served with a huge chunk of mushrooms. All the sauces were good. I ordered a mojito. It was not strong at all (which you kind of want from a cocktail in Vegas), fresh ingredients though. The kumquats were an unexpected but tasty addition.
3	The portions are not up to par with the price point. Seriously...I cried a little. My wallet cried a lot. The atmosphere is luxurious, intimate and dim. We had a reservation at 7pm for a group of 9 girls on a Saturday evening. There really wasn't a need for a reservation as the restaurant wasn't packed, but better safe than sorry. Some people tend to dine there before a show. Our waiter was kind to ask if we were in a time crunch for a show. We were not, but if you are, they can notify the chefs to expedite your meal to catch your show. Anyway, everything was above my means, but when in Vegas, I must dine well. I opted for filet mignon, but there are two options with a $2 difference - 1) 8 oz filet mignon 2) Paso Prime Grass Fed Beef 10 oz filet mignon.I don't know the difference so I went for the cheaper option - 10 oz. It had a nice char on the outside and it was a nice medium rare. However, the exterior was very salty and a bit tougher than I expected. I was a bit disappointed by that. SIDES ARE NOT INCLUDEDThe sides are small, but very rich and creamy. It's best to share if you can. We went with Truffle Mac n Cheese ($18) and Truffle Mashed Potatoes ($20). Would I come back here again? Most likely not. With the sides shared, a $50 a-ok steak and a cup of coffee to cap my meal, I nearly dropped a bill on myself. I just can't justify that amount for the level of dissatisfaction. Not to say the meal was bad, my taste buds and brain just didn't agree.
1	This was poor. Jean Georges has overextended his Boyardee-like empire; this Vegas stand simply is a reflection of a lack of quality and control in what should be a simple ode to the great american steakhouse.Waiters are helpful in directing you AWAY from the dry aged rib eye; which is a poor Choice cut (REALLY??); to the slightly less insipid prime rib eye; a butter-soaked disaster of a steak. The Wagyu fares no better; with poorly sourced meat sadly charred on a plate with a quaint plastic marrow bone holding a faux asian sauce to mask the taste of a cheaply procured; poorly cooked piece of meat. The creamed spinach is a bowl of rancid cream with spinach fragments - inedible.Save your time and money and go to Serrano, the only restaurant in the Aria that gives a damn. This is insulting and pathetic - the only redeeming factor was the strong martini that kept me happy enough to suffer through this sorry excuse of a meal.DON'T EAT HERE.
3	Dropped in on a slow night, before and after Zarkana. Had the four ribs appetizer, which was quite good. Really enjoyed talking with the bartender and, yes, the popcorn is relish and not greasy. Everything is costly for what you get. Appetizer size would be enough for dinner, with a side or salad. The salmon also good, but not spectacular. Very disappointed in the apple pie, but I have yet to find a great apple pie in Vegas. Everyone thinks that apple pie needs to be reinvented--IT DOES NOT.  That's why the saying goes, "As American as apple pie."  It's an ICON. Jean Georges made the same mistake everyone makes, lots of crust and almost no apples, and the apple filling itself  was subpar. If you're one of those who removes the crust and eats only the apples, you'll be done in three bites. We need to have a pie cook off every year in Vegas, focusing on a different pie each year.  Would someone please get this going!?
4	Food- 5Service- 4.5: fastAtmosphere- 4.5: a bit dark for some people Recommendation: salmon, oysters and bone marrow
1	Good food; horrible service. I expect top notch service when dining at supposedly top notch restaurant.  Sat our group at a table that was practically falling off of the hinges. We were offered to move to a smaller set of tables where we all sat in a line versus a circle...so we declined. Called the manager over and he was at best indifferent. Taking my business somewhere else next time.....too bad
5	In December 2013 I came just for drinks with a colleague. Back in July 2013 and January 2013 I had full-on dinner with appetizers, mains, desserts and wines with a gal pal and guy friend, respectively. So... I adore the food, decor and atmosphere! This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas right now. Only one complaint about December (versus July & January) is that they didn't have foie gras during this last visit! I loved it so much during the previous visits that I was bummed. However, the bartender was so cool, he came back a few minutes later and told us that the place next door did have foie gras if we wanted some that evening at the place next door. Very professional.
5	The tomahawk rib eye was really amazing!   Apps and breads were great too.  I'm just glad my friends from out of town were paying because the bill was almost a grand for 4 of us.  Yikes.
5	When tears are in your eyes, I will dry them all,I'm on your side. When times get roughAnd friends just can't be found,Like a bridge over troubled water at...JEAN GEORGES STEAKHOUSE! - Tessanne Chin (bridge over troubled water cover)This restaurant wins the award for the most exceedingly surprising meal of the year as I saved this for my last review of 2013! The average yelp rating does not do this place justice and based on my overall experience with their service + signature tasting menu, I ended my recent Vegas trip on a very high resounding 'pitch perfect' note!Signature tasting menu:1. caviar w/ creme fraiche and lemon gelee (the lemon gelee was more for decoration but the caviar and creme fraiche tasted good together)2. tomato salad (many components to this dish - large tomato with smaller heirloom tomatoes + avocado + other things i can't remember, wish i took a picture but components were lovely, very good flavors)3. scallops (wished i had more, no complaints)4. soy glazed short rib (probably the star of the meal, came with an apple hash that went amazing with the short ribs, which by the way were mouth-watering tender)5. wagyu filet (brussels sprouts which reminded me of kale - four different dipping sauces that were fun although the flavor of the steak was great on its own, cooked medium rare plus)6. chocolate mousse w/ mint gelato (mint flavor was not overpowering and i loved the chocolate candy dots on top, added a fun crunch)A common theme throughout each course is that there are many well thought out components to each dish. Sometimes simple is better but when the elements taste so harmoniously together, it's hard to complain. Also the turnover time between courses was impressive and on point. One of the truly satisfying and complete tasting menus that I've experienced in Vegas (which is quite a brick ton) and would highly recommend for your current/next visit!Counting down to 2014:9 - Nine o'clock and kitchen was still open!8 - the number of meals (including late nights) I had on this recent trip7 - the number of meals I wished I had (earl's sandwich at 3 am is a scary line lol)6 - the amount of courses in the tasting menu5 - five stars for service without a doubt4 - for sure it was a memorable time3 - three winter nights (including ice skating fun!) culminating in this final meal2 - two people who left with big smiles on their faces1 - one month until I'll be back0 - zero reasons not to come to Jean Georges Steakhouse!Happy New Years fellow yelpers!!! #readyfor2014
5	Amazing experience! This is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.
5	AMAZING!!! From start to finsh! Fab wine l
5	Fantastic food, great service and a perfect setting for anyone in a group or dining alone at the bar like me. I fancied a good steak for my last night in Vegas after all my colleagues had flown home. Sat at the bar I had a great waiter (Darren) who was superb. I didn't get a good steak, I got a fantastic steak and for a fraction of the price you'd pay at other places. Top marks :-)
2	Service was great. Our waitress was very attentive to our needs and checked back frequently to assure we received everything we requested as well as if it is up to par. For being a high end steak restaurant, my steak was overcooked, dry, and tough. I was deeply saddened that my expectations and hype for a great meal was not met. I can forgive bad service with impeccable food but I do not see myself forgiving a poor meal for great service.
1	I'll start with a brief description of the food, but then retell the story of the worst service I think I have ever received and how they tried to scam us out of $200.The appetizers and sides were pretty good, we got a variety of what they had on offer. Some of the sides, the carrots and potato options were very good actually. The salads were ok at best.I was at Jean Georges with a work group, maybe about 8 of us. We all had steaks which were overcooked. It wasn't enough to send it back for anyone, but they were all overcooked (I actually don't mind a medium steak being a bit overdone anyway). Food wise, I would say it was ok, but there are better options, especially at that price range.The reason Jean Georges gets ONE STAR is because of the service/scam they tried to pull. We asked for a bottle of a dessert wine which was listed on the menu at about $60 which is the normal price for this wine. There was some confusion about the exact year/quality being ordered because the menu did not give the quality (these wines scored 3-7 by sweetness) but eventually the waitress found the wine and we confirmed it was what we expected. When the bill came, they tried to charge $250 for the wine, an OUTRAGEOUS price. We told the waitress she made a mistake, she brought the menu back and made some story about how the wine we ordered was different from what was listed which was 1) entirely false and 2) we were never told that they thought it was a different wine. If a restaurant is under the impression they're serving a wine that's different from what's ordered, how can you serve that without telling anyone?! The waitress refused to be reasonable so we asked to talk to the manager. After a great deal of arguing, the manager seemed to imply the menu was wrong and insisted on the $250 price. Eventually the manager simply gave up and charged us the correct $60 price, but, firstly, you should be comping a $60 dessert wine on an 8 person meal over $1,000 anyway! And after such an ordeal, good service says to comp the wine then! We all left feeling frustrated and insulted.
5	The bar area is very kool..love the kettle martinis and the ribeye and steak sauces are amazing
4	I'm surprised by the lack of stars for Jean George. I had the petite filet mignon with black truffle mac and cheese and creamed spinach.The petite filet mignon was tender and juicy. I couldn't really taste the truffles in the mac and cheese but it was decadent and creamy. The creamed spinach is also NOT as good as Lawrys. While it may not be the best steakhouse in Vegas (theres so many to choose from), if your around Aria, It's  worth checking out. I enjoyed my meal and finished every last morsel. Maybe I'm just easy to please with steak. It seems that most people have a problem with the service and the price rather than the food itself.
5	Amazing! Atmosphere and Food!!! Seafood tower was aesthetically amazing and delicious..the carpaccio appetizer was off the charts! Truffle oil topper.  Steaks incredible, great sauces and sides!! Top notch through the end..we had 3 amazing desserts! Fabulous!!!!!!!
3	I have been here twice now. I mean, really, it's a gorgeous steakhouse. However, the food is okay. Their waygu steak is okay. It most certainly did not melt in my mouth as I was hoping it would. The sides were okay. Nothing to write home about. I love Vegas and stay at the Aria pretty much everytime we go, and I wouldn't not recommend this place, but I wouldn't highly recommend it either. It was okay. That's all.
3	My boyfriend took me here for our 6th month anniversary.. The restaurant is really pretty and our server Doris was beyond amazing. Therefore, food was just okay. For a $200 dinner i'd rather go to Mastro's or just ask my dad to grill steak for me. I had HIGH expectations for this restaurant. I've had way way way better meal for a reasonable price! The service was really amazing though. Thank you to our server Doris! she made our night :)
5	Went to Jean Georges while staying at Aria for the Microsoft Lync conference. This was a truly great experience. We had a party of 8 without reservations, and as with all high end places, had to go through the rigmarole of them checking to see if they could fit us in, even though once we were sat there were empty seats everywhere. It's on the very high end price-wise, so I'm sure this drives away a lot of folks.The atmosphere inside is very chill - very low lighting, dark woods, and some cool art features on the walls. There is an impressive wall of wine at the back of the restaurant. So after a short wait, we were seated and a host of different servers started attending to us. For their drink menu, they use a custom iPad app to allow you to scroll through the various drink menus and wine list. Cool concept, but since you can't view everything at once like you would normally on a menu, you have to use a filter/search function which was not built well. A regular menu would probably save a lot of time. With that said, we eventually found a couple bottles to our liking. Their specialty is steak, and this is what everyone in our party ordered. They have some really over-the-top options as you would expect. The special of the night was a wagyu steak at $209 - no one touched this one. On the menu itself, the most expensive was the porterhouse at $109. I ended up going with the 16 oz dry aged ribeye at $66. One of the guys had the standard 18 oz ribeye at $62 which I sampled for comparison. If I ever go again, I'll opt for this one instead of the dry aged. Though the dry aged is bit more tender from the grass-fed beef and contained less marbling, it just wasn't as juicy and flavorful as the standard one from what I tasted. Sides were also very good. I like frites with my steak, and theirs were great. They did brutalize one of the guy's steaks. He had ordered it mid-rare and it was quite well done. That seemed very unusual - we assumed the server grabbed someone else's plate as everyone else's were spot on with the temperature.What put the meal over the top in my opinion was the accompaniment of sauces. Each steak comes with a salsa verde sauce which was phenomenal. Then our server also brought out all of the other 4 sauces you can order from the menu. This is the way to go - try them all - very unique and adds some great flavoring to the steak.
2	The steaks were excellent, but the sides were terrible.  Small and too salty, the potatoes tasted like instant.  The Caesar salad was extremely lemony. The service was so so.  We asked for more bread, it never came.  We felt rushed even though the restaurant wasn't even half full.
4	Very good. We were with a group for my better half's company. I ordered the salmon and almost everyone else ordered the steak or lobster. Everyone loved it. I definitely recommend the salmon. Some of the best I've had.
5	My husband and I had dinner here on a Thursday evening and were impressed with the service, food, and general atmosphere at this classy, but still modern steakhouse.  The wine sommelier was extremely helpful in recommending a fabulous OR Pinot Noir to accompany our meal, and each server had incredible knowledge of the menu - from where the beef comes from to which of the appetizers would be the perfect match to a hearty meal.  My husband had the Aspen Beef, and loved it.  The 10 oz filet was one of the best he had ever had, not just in Vegas, but ever.  I had shrimp and it was cleaned perfectly, and paired with the most delicious sauce.  My husband was pleasantly surprised with the 4 sauces his filet came with, and I selfishly stole the Steakhouse-style sauce to slather on my baked potato.  :)We highly recommend this restaurant for both the service and the food, and will definitely be heading back on an upcoming Vegas trip soon!  Cheers!
2	Just okay. The temperatures on our steaks were not consistent. Mine, the dry aged NY strip, was gristly and tough. Great service, but the food was not worth coming back for.  It's a quiet place, but that could be because it was pretty dead on a Saturday night. I'm a local, and I know we have lots of great places here. This isn't one of them.
5	Totally enjoyed my experience dining here. The atmosphere was nice but it was clearly a hotel restaurant, so I didn't use it against them. However, bearing that name, I knew food would be pretty amazing. I didn't make a mistake by ordering the regular steak, instead knowing Jean Georges, I went with the tasting menu. Face it, French chef doesn't really go with steak though he's not cooking, but his vision would still be there. Tasting menu was the way to go!It started with such a fantastic lemon gelee topped with caviar. OMG.. It set the bar real high! Then course after course came and each one was splendid. Even the heirloom and avocado salad course was great! The star was the Wagyu steak that melted in your mouth, paired with some Brussels sprouts and pecan. Yes, I could have gone for a second helping. Desserts were fine too but I was still thinking of the Wagyu steak, the short ribs and the scallop when eating desserts. Service was also pleasant and nice. Our server was on top of his game and very knowledgeable of the menu.Fantastic place if you use your intuition in ordering.
5	Phenomenal food. Eddie is a consummate professional, full of good information, opinions about the menu and suggestions for excellent pairings. The bone marrow is succulent, the steaks, to die for. We suggest combining the miso butter sauce with the spicy habanero sauce for the right amount of kick and savoriness. Just stellar food and experience.
2	Average meat. TGI Fridays offers dipping sauce for their steaks too. High pressure wait staff, attempting to push us into everything on the menu. Blatant, not suggestive and working to boost the cheque. Go elsewhere, there are many choices on and around the strip.
2	About average so far as steakhouses go. My rib eye was very tasty but a little over cooked. I didn't complain because the flavor was still fantastic. I thought the process were quite out of order. I've had better for sell. Over all I'd say they are more for show than content. If you want to have a great high end steak I'd recommend Ruth Chris, LG's, Flemings, or Morton's. If you want to show off how much money you have to or make it rain, Jean Georges is the place. The offered a pork chop for $99 and a special cut steak for $199.  For those prices I'll personally fly anywhere in the country and serve you the best steak you ever had. If you were not born with a silver spoon in your mouth and you have good financial values, you should probably go somewhere else. If your friends are named Justin B, Diddy, or snoop, and your second car just happens to be a Bentley, You'll fit right in. Service good, Ambiance great, Food Fantastic, Service A+, Bottom line, Oh Damn! Bring the Platinum or the Black Card.
2	Great food.  Reasonably priced(relative).  But service is horrendous.  I believe we received terrible service because we weren't interested in ordering a bunch of appetizers or bottles of wine.  We were a group of 10 guys all in late 20s early 30s in town for a bachelor party, beer and liquor and meat is all we needed .  Our waitress ignored is the entire night but surprisingly all the tables around us were receiving 5 star service.  I can't rate higher than a 2 with the service being as bad as it was.  What a shame.
3	Ambiance and service were fantastic, but I was expecting my dry aged rib eye to be a little more mind blowing for the price point. The sauces that accompanied were a pleasant surprise though -- great steak doesn't need sauce, but when it does need it, it's nice to have a good selection. One thing to keep in mind, if you've ever been tempted to take up a restaurant staff's offer of taking a picture of you and your date over dinner.... don't do it here. It's standard practice to conveniently refrain from quoting a price until after they've already made the prints and put them in a nice folder, but brace yourself for JG. 70 bucks? Yeah, I'll pass on that one.
2	I went here with a group of friends on a night out. The steak was low quality, dry, and overcooked. Definitely way below par for what you expect to get at a high end steak house. To add insult to the low quality food, the staff was rude.
4	Shady and co. rolled (and at this point, i MEAN rolled) into JGS for his 4th restaurant of the evening. Shady may have overextended himself a touch starting at the bar at Sage, then Serrano, then Sirio before finally settling in at JGS. Stuffed to the gills , Shady and his at this point very full yet still very lucky guest opted for dessert-the warm chocolate cake paired with yet another rich red. A nice finish to the evening. Another great barkeep(from Philly no less-boooo!) and Shady called the restaurant assault on Aria a complete success. Shady was off to the tables. but not before a nap to work off the food coma.
5	Excellent - one of the best steaks I've ever had the pleasure to enjoy. They make it seasoned and nice and charred on the outside but juicy and tasty on the inside. Bacon wrapped shrimp were divine. We did the tasting menu with the wine pairing. A nice, long dinner to savor with friends. I will definitely come here again next time we are in Vegas.
2	Definitely over-priced & over-rated (we even went on a weeknight for a pal's Birthday din). I had the 10 oz filet which took more than the norm to have our entrees delivered (being a 4-star and all). Not only was EVERYTHING HEAVILY salted, but my steak was burnt on the exterior. However, the ambiance was excellent & my pal got a Birthday YUMMY dessert on the house.
5	Can't even describe by words how GOOD last night dinning was! As a foodie, I never felt I could "have so much fun" by all surprisingly great selections of food and amazingly friendly service! Excellent!! Food- Many choices, creative and beautiful presentations, great quality! Unique display of Tuna Tartare with a big piece of deep fried wavy rice paper- good! Waygu beef capaccio wrapped over crunchy (potato balls?) with truffle oil, topped with basil leafs & dash of some crunchy ingredient on top- must try! Excellent steak & lobster, love the sea bass with yozu mushroom! Drinks - I had the Ginger Pear cocktail! Very different & unique. Never tasted such before. I requested a lighter touch of the ginger taste, very refreshing and light sweet! I don't like over sweet, so it was perfect! Wine of coz is excellent!Dessert- we were so full, but still! Killed the chocolate lava cake (it's so different- the best I had!- just got told by the manager Jean Philip is actually the "inventer"!!!) & their special Churro tossed w/ caramelized bananas & vanilla icecream & peanuts! Service- beyond excellent! For me, service is the "most" important quality as fulfilling customers' satisfaction. Food servers explained politely & warmly in details of plates, ingredient, purposes of different sauces that come w/ the steak. Love the manager Jack who gave great history and background of the restaurant! We customers do love food and do love to know more about the restaurant. They have other concept restaurants in other states & countries like in Trump Tower in NYC, England, and upcoming in Japan! I'm curious now!Atmosphere- love it! Soft lounge music background, not super causal, but not over formal, perfect for dating, business, and friends gathering! Impressive million dollar wine wall! Everything was so good! Beyond words! Fun! Loved the service!! Highlights: Waygu Beef Capaccio, Tuna Tartare, Ginger Pear Cocktail, Sea Bass, desserts - must try Jean Philip's invention- lava cake, special churro with banana and icecream. Thank you manager Jack and food servers (I only remember Eddie and the other lady, sorry for forgetting the name) for such amazingly fun night! Never write so long! Ha!
5	Exceptional service!Foie gras was the greatest I have ever had.  Sides were fantastic, entrees delicious.  Awesome dining experience in every way.  Will definitely be back!
5	The hamachi sashimi appetizer was one of the best things I've ever eaten!  The balance of flavors was superb. I will go back to Vegas just for that dish.
4	I did the tasting menu ! The short rib might have been the best I ever had !!! The service was great and the rest of the food and ambiance was a solid 4 stars.
1	Literally waited an hour and half to get service. Food was decent but not for $50 a plate. Very dissapointed
1	Decided to give this restaurant a second chance during my business trip to Vegas. Sat at the bar, order the Chilean Sea Bass and it was cold. Sent it back to be reheated and it took longer to reheat then it did to order it. Came back luke warm???Definitely will not revisit on my next trip to Vegas.
4	We had 6oz waygu beef and lobster tail cooked to perfection. Bone Marrow tasty, French fries (18 bucks). We were curious about an 18 dollar fries. Don't get the French fries, nothing to be curious about. Service was excellent. Note: there's a ban on kids under 5.
4	Ribeye bone in was cooked perfectly and was delicious. My friend had the special Wagyu steak ($105) with the distinctively large bone. He said it was the best steak he ever had, and the most expensive steak he ever had.  The sides were each very good. We had reservations and were promptly seated on a Saturday night. The food came within 25 minutes of ordering. We had very good service although one of the servers seemed a bit pushy with asking us to order more wine. Very expensive place (probably some cheaper steakhouses out there of the same quality) but our party of 8 had a good time. Dark ambience.
5	Amazing dining experience!!
4	I went here looking for something simple. I wanted a small meal but wanted some fries and some quality beef. I sat at the bar and I ordered the ginger pear cocktail...very refreshing but very tart that it gave me heartburn. I love vodka and ginger.  Next cocktail moscow mule...hmmm they used a ginger syrup instead of ginger beer. Hollerrrr!!! Love love love!! Great service at the  bar....they weren't very busy at the bar but the rest of the restaurant seemed a bit full. I decided to go with the burger with brie and fries and a side of mayo.  I decided not to go with the filet because I thought it would be too much food. So I think the burger was $25 or $26 and it came with truffle fries and some kind of truffle mayo I believe and the burger had brie and yuzu pickles on it. I asked for my burger to be cooked medium rare. They brought my side of mayo and had gone to the restaurant next door to get it which I thought was nice. The fries came in a small black iron dish with truffles on top...not impressed. I ate around them. I just wanted fries...normal fries. These fries were short and small. I could barely dip them in my mayo and ketchup....ugghhh.  The burger....I am a huge fan of pickles...nice kosher pickles...maybe a little spice to them. These were awful. Didn't taste anything like a pickle. The brie...I love brie...love love love brie, but not on this burger. The meat was dry. I think it was medium rare...looked kinda medium. The place was kinda dark so I couldn't really tell.  Overall, very disappointed with my $25 burger and fries. I think I will stick to the cocktail and steak menu next time.  4 stars for excellent service and nice ambience. This is my second time here and the service is always good.
3	Everything was great. Service was attentive without being overbearing, food was perfectly cooked and delicious. Our server was very helpful and strongly recommended all the items on the menu marked with an MP for market price. Of course they are. We decided to pass on the $270 6oz Kobe filet but appreciated the recommendation for a steak that runs $720 per lb. We ordered the truffle Mac and cheese and the creamed corn as our sides. Mac and cheese was delicious, creamed corn was meh. Wouldn't get that again. I'd give this place 4 stars if our team of servers didn't disappear when it was check time. I think I waited 30 minutes for my check to be delivered. This place isn't cheap. If I had it to do over again I'd probably go up the strip a bit to Gordon Ramsay Steak and get a better meal for less money. Not that GR is inexpensive by any measure.
5	Exceptional experience. One of the best restaurants I've ever been too. The food, service and  ambience are all amazing. We ate there on a few different occasions on our last vegas trip  and it's great everytime. Loved the wagyu steak as well as the filet.  Had to wait a bit for the entrees but it's WORTH the wait. The wine selection is great. We had a few bottles of the Pinot noir from France. It paired really well with everything.
5	This establishment was participating in Las Vegas' restaurant week and they had an interesting menu, so I decided to dine here.  I had eaten here before and had a positive experience the last time around, but it was even better today.There were four courses provided with a choice for three of them.  The meal started out with the tomato gazpacho which was pretty tasty.  I appreciated the cool temperature of the soup, especially on such a hot day in Vegas.  The heirloom tomato panzanella salad came next and was pretty darn good.  All of the ingredients were fresh and the star of the dish, the tomatoes, were sweet and juicy and there were a good amount of them in the dish.  The only issue I had with the dish was that the dried bread chunks were a bit too big and should have been cut a little smaller since it was kind of a pain to cut them into bite sized pieces with the butter knife.I opted for the medium-rare cooked filet mignon which was accompanied with mustard greens and topped with some fine curly, string onions.  There was a cherry mustard sauce which packed an nice punch.  I could have done without the onions and the steak was the weakest link of the meal, but it was still pretty good.I opted for the bone marrow sides which was very interesting.  Three half bones cut lengthwise exposed the marrow, and a spoon was used to scoop out the marrow to apply on a small slab of toasted bread and parsley lemon gremolata was added to top it off.  The bone marrow itself didn't do much for me - it was kind of tasteless to me and the purpose seemed to be to just leave an oily residue on the bread to make it a little soggy but the gremolata was pretty delicious and made the dish work.For the dessert, I opted for the white chocolate pavlova which was a real winner.  The crust had a nice delicate texture that melted in my mouth.  I typically go for sweet desserts but the meringue was nice and delicate and overall it was a very interesting dish.  Service was great and my server Eddie was knowledgeable and friendly.  The bill totalled ~ $100 but it was well worth it.
3	Service was decent until it came time for the bill, we had to wait 15mins. This is super annoying, and leaves a bad taste in your mouth. As we asked a diff waiter for our bill, our original waiter a 50s something blonde lady saw and rushed out our anniversary desert to try to save face. Had to ask a busser to refill our waters, huuuuge pet peeve. If you're spending $200+ on a meal, keep the water filled so you're not eating uncomfortably. Got the 8oz Filet Mignon, Maine Lobster, Mac and cheese, and bacon wrapped shrimp. Steak was cooked very well, very tender. Flavoring could have been better, they do provide 4 different sauces for your steak. Lobster was decent, a bit on the chewy side. Vibe is nice and romantic, ask to be seated in a quiet section to the right of the main bar as you walk in. It's more secluded and you're not next to a server station with clanking silverware.
5	This place is VERY pricey, but totally worth it; especially if you need somewhere nice for a special occasion.  I ate here awhile back, and am just getting to sit down to write the review; but I do recall that everything was phenomenal.  1) The atmosphere is very sexy, dark lighting, and not fit for casual attire.  So to you Las vegas tourists: DO NOT go to this place in your half-wrapped towel, flip-flops, and swim attire after you've left the party pools (haha).  Ladies and Gents, don't be afraid to put on that nice sheath dress/or that tailored suit you've been wanting to wear; but have been saving for a special night.  It'll work out just fine here!2) The cocktail menu is a decent size with unique and interesting specialties, and the beer selection isn't bad either.  I ordered The Diablo cocktail (I like a little spice), and I had no complaints.  The wine list is quite impressive as you can imagine as well. On to the food:We ordered the Jumbo shrimp cocktail (which is hard to mess up in fine-dining), and oysters on the half-shell (which I look for anywhere I go). Both dishes were fresh, and I had to stop myself from ordering more oysters (haha). For dinner I ordered the Wagyu filet, and the table ordered sides of mushrooms, brussel sprouts, and the truffle mac and cheese.  No complaints with anything, and the filet was like BUTTER! It was cooked to perfection (MR), and was sooooo tender.  My favorite side was the brussel sprouts with pecan and avocado (the pecans complimented the sprouts so well!).  If you have the money to check this place out and throw-down almost $70 for a steak; this is the place to do it!
1	Horrible wait time, horrible service and for the price point the food was disappointing. (Located inside Aria) We made a reservation and still had to wait 45 minutes. During this time watched people come in with dirty jeans and just bum looking. We really tried to find a nice/elegant restaurant for a special occasion but it seems like people don't like to dress up anymore. I don't care if they have money or not, but at least dress up for dinner. So after the long wait, we were seated only to wait even more time for our server to stop by and say hello. Another 20 minutes had gone by before we been offered a glass of water. By this time I was ready to just leave and talk to the manager on the way out....but like  dummies we stuck around. We finally had the chance to order the food and we decided to do the chef's special of food/wine pairing and of course, they fckd that up too. They brought out the wine either too early or too late and never actually got to taste it with our food. The entire service was horrible and the waiter kept apologizing but nothing changed...he felt he would remedy the situation by bringing us an extra dessert that we didn't want.  We just wanted to leave. We spent close to $500 for the meal for two and it the entire experience SUCKED! Save yourself the money and seriously read the yelp reviews before you go! We've been to other nice restaurants in Vegas and never experienced this bad of a dinner.
5	Loved my meal here! After a very fancy gourmet-style meal the previous night, I was ready for some hearty food. I had the 8oz Waygu steak which was buttery and delicious. All the sides were superb: the brussels sprouts, truffle mac and cheese and potatoes. Add that to bread, great wine and amazing sauces and I had a delicious, fulfilling meal!
1	This place gave me food poisoning. Made half of my vacation miserable. I ordered the lobster and only ate 1/4th if it due to the awful fishy flavor (thank god I didn't eat the rest). The waiter clearly saw the 1/4 eaten $55 lobster as I asked for the bill and didn't feel like it would be appropriate to ask me how everything was. I didn't want to embarrass my gf so I just bit my tongue and let it go. As a consequence of this establishment I sat the next day and night in my room hating life. Keep in mind I'm paying to stay in the room which definitely added insult to injury. Basically I wouldn't recommend this place or anywhere is Vegas for seafood. After all, it is a desert with no sea or ocean in sight.  It's only logical to stay away from the seafood.
5	Everything we had was wonderful! Our host loved the bacon wrapped shrimp so much he continuously ordered them throughout dinner. The service was impeccable.
5	One of the best steakhouses I've ever been to. And if you follow my reviews, you know I love me some steak.Their cuts, their food, their wine list: all notable. I would have given them a 5 star review even if the service was average.The ambiance is sexy, modern, unique, mysterious... very pleasing to the eye.  And the menu has enough to tantalize even the pickiest of palates.Their crispy sushi plate was pretty amazing. Salmon, Tuna, and i think yellowtail...  so good with a crunchy texture underneath.  Pretty delicious. The truffle mac and cheese was to die for.  the steaks were moist and delicious.That tomahawk steak (australian wagyu hybrid) soooooooooooooooooooooo amazing and juicy.  And huge.  Definitely share able.What really stands out about Jean George is their staff (except the young host).  We made a reservation on opentable.com for 10:30PM and we arrived at 10:30PM...The problem is... they close at 1030PM.  The hostess was being kind of wacky.  But she said the manager said it was ok....  so long as we hurry.  ok??Anyways... the servers treated us like they never close. Not at any point did I feel rushed. And every request was handled quickly and with gravity.When I asked for a wine recommendation:  The server brought over the house sommelier.  I was so impressed. She made an immaculate recommendation within our budget.  And it paired so well with our meal. This place deserve all the accolades it receives.  Great place.
5	Futuristic is a good term to describe Jean Georges, which serves one of the best filet mignons you will ever experience.  Bacon shrimp with Old Bay, a chopped Caesar salad, and first class service make Jean Georges one of the top steakhouses in Las Vegas.  The atmosphere in the Aria reminds one of a Star Wars movie.  The warm chocolate cake is a must to cap off your meal!  This is an ideal location for a date, or special occasion!
3	Nice vibe, ambiance and music. Steaks had great flavor but both were over cooked and fillet was a bit dry and grainy. Pricey - $14 for 1cup of mashed potatoes. Overall good but not a big contender with other Steakhouses on the Strip.
3	Come for: oysters, bone marrow, truffle mac and cheeseSkip: foie gras, brussel sproutsFoie gras was ok but the lychee made it way too sweet. Filet mignon is strainy for the quality of a top steakhouse. Brussel sprouts was more nuts than it was veggies. Truffle mac and cheese and the bone marrow was really good.The server got the order wrong for our guest of honor but he worked really hard to make things right since we didn't have time to wait for a new order to be made. Props to service for working with us.
1	We live in Las Vegas.... we went there, no reservation. Miss attitude hostess went straight to the point: bar seats or high bar tables or hr and half wait. Mr. Big shot manager next to her didn't even make eye contact with us. Judging by the reception, i could very much foresee the kind of restaurant...thought to myself: another one of those wannabees, no class and mediocre service, untrained pretentious waiters, so so food and super high prices... well, according to many reviews, i was right... no thanks, and we went to Sirio. We had a blast, with champagne and all. We treat ourselves a lot, usually in fancy restaurants, price doesn't matter... one thing for sure, we will NEVER go to Jean Georges...
5	First off they had Del Dotto Cabernet on the wine list and was extremely reasonably priced. I love DD. I ordered the bacon wrap shrimp which was amazing. I then ordered the Frise Salad with Lardon and warm poached egg, one of the best salads I have ever eaten. I then ordered the dry aged grass fed NY strip, amazing and it came with four different  sauces on the side; lobster mashed as my side, decent. Chocolate Lava cake for dessert. My daughter got the Mac and cheese which was delicious. My wife got the burger which was also amazing. The meat is so top notch that it has a different texture, it's smooth. Anyways a bit pricey, $400 for dinner but if your going there you know it. I suggest it.
1	Pure Vegas: all the pizazz goes into the window dressing with far less substance beneath. A dazzling and luxe ambiance as to be expected but the space lacked intimate areas. As for the meal, the filet mignon was perfectly cut, seasoned and cooked. Wonderful. Though at $56 for an 8-oz. piece of beef (not even organic, mind you) one would expect side dishes to accompany. Not so. Cough up another $14 each for yummy truffled mashed potatoes or creamed spinach. The Caesar salad was the most uninspired I've ever had outside of an airport, with croutons that were clearly bulk packaged. A true embarrassment to the menu. The only redeeming factor was that the salad was cold - a nice counterpoint to the rest of my meal (and the only compliment I could come up with). Come for the beef, suck down a stiff cocktail, and enjoy the people show; otherwise you'll be left with the bitter taste of con in your mouth.
4	I crave a steak every once in a while. Jean Georges makes a succulent one! It was cooked perfect to my tastes with a little pink inside. It is a good size but when my aunt couldn't finish hers and offered It to me I didn't turn it down. ( I usually decline offers like that but it would have been a sin to say , "no". ) The waiters came by and dropped off the sauces. They both said the Miso was their favorite I tried it but I'm sticking with the Bernaise for my personal choice. I also had a side of lobster mashed potatoes. I've got to say they are not the best that I've had. They were runny and just too salty. It was the color of a drab pumpkin. There were only a couple of pieces on the top and that was it. I was expecting chunks of lobster mixed into regular mashed potatoes or even better some garlic mash. It was hard to eat it all. We finished dinner with the cheesecake and glazed cherries. I'm not a fan of cheesecake so I saved that for my husband and ate the glazed cherries. They were stuffed in the thin sugar cookie tube with whipped cream. It may have been small but it was delicious!
3	Mediocre steakhouse - nothing was knock my sock off delicious. Everything was kind of average. Sommelier was spot onSo many better options to choose from based on pure food in LV. A reminder to self - to not to go back.
4	Here for dinner before a show and the service and ambiance was excellent.  The food is delightful and we enjoyed the experience.  Beware that it's pricey and perhaps save this place for a special occasion or when you hit a Royal Flush downstairs in the casino ???  What an elegant restaurant !!!
5	One of the best meals we had during our Vegas vacation was here at Jean George Steakhouse.  Oh my goodness, I'm still thinking about it.  Everything from start to finish was just wonderful.  Here's what we had:COCKTAIL: The Ginger PearMade with pear vodka, orange and lemon juice, and ginger syrupIt was a very interesting drink.  I love the taste of pear, and definitely want to pick up a pear vodka so I can make drinks at home.  The ginger syrup was spicy and gave the drink that addictive little kick.APPETIZER: Dungeness Crab CrostiniMade with garlic aioli, lemon and dillPerfect little start to a glorious meal.  Very generous on the crab.  It wasn't a warm dish, and it might've been even better warm.  It was tasty, but out of the whole, it was our least favorite thing.ENTREE:  Wagyu Filet Mignon and the Tomahawk Steak (special)I asked for this medium well, which I know is not the ideal temp for a piece of meat like this.  But I prefer it, and it was cooked perfectly.  So juicy, tender and extremely flavorful.  My husband's Tomahawk steak was a wagyu hybrid, and his was cooked perfectly as well.  Both steaks came with four sauce selections: soy-miso butter, homemade steak sauce, bearnaise, and a super hot (too hot for me) sauce.  Our favorite was the soy-miso butter.SIDE:  Roasted Brussel SproutsTopped with avocado and pecanI love roasted brussel sprouts.  This was a very interesting take with the addition of the avocado.  I probably could have done without it, unless you just like bites with several textures.  The brussel sprouts themselves were charred nicely and had good flavor.SIDE: Broiled Bone MarrowServed with a side of parsley lemon gremolata and toast pointsThe creepiest, most carniverous thing they could sit at the table ended up being one of the best things I've ever eaten.  Who knew?  Putting the marrow on toast and topping it with a bit of the gremolata was just an amazing bite.  The richest most intense beef flavor you can imagine.  I would eat this again in a heartbeat.DESSERT: Salted Caramel SundaeVanilla ice cream topped with fudge sauce, candied peanuts and popcornThis was a cute little dessert, but nothing spectacular about it.  We enjoyed it, it was satisfying, but it certainly wasn't a culinary wonder.  I will say their dessert menu didn't really have anything that interesting on it beside your staple cheesecake, chocolate cake, and apple crisp.  Not necessarily a bad thing, but just an FYI.Our server was excellent.  Was extremely knowlegable, friendly, and expeditious.  I couldn't have asked for a better experience at Jean Georges.  I would recommend this restaurant with two very enthusiastic thumbs up.
3	We were seated quickly and had a wonderful table. The servers suggestions and the wine list were great. We ordered a lot of food for the four of us in order to try a little of everything. The serving sizes are small which our server warned us off. Food was good, not great. The service was the worst part. Dirty appetizer dishes sat on our table for 15 minutes. Empty wine glasses we would have filled on our own but are bottle was not left anywhere near our table, standard for a nice restaurant if someone is refilling! Bottom line is food isn't good enough to overlook bad service.
4	I had there raw oyster and the Wagyu Filet Mignon.   I have to say food was good but it better be when i spend close to $200 dollars for dinner.  Jean Georges Steakhouse was nice and had very friendly staff.
5	I loved everything about this restaurant from the decor, dim lights, the setup, food to the customer service! We came here for my girlfriend's birthday dinner. We has no reservations and just showed up around 8:00pm and we got seated within 10 minutes. The staff here are amazing and very attentive! Now to the good part, what I had to eat:- 18 oz. Bone in Rib Eye: This was cooked to perfection and oh so flavorful good! My friend and I decided to split this as a meal and the server asked if we would like the rib eye cut for us which was perfect for us splitting!- Grilled Maine Lobster: This comes with two perfectly cooked maine lobster tails. I'm glad it came with two because this was another dish me and my friend decided to share. (We made our own "Surf N Turf" dinner)- Black Truffle Mac N Cheese and their Truffled Mashed Potatoes: These were the two sides we decided to order and split between three girls. The portions were perfect. The mashed potatoes were one of the best I ever had. You will not be disappointed if you order any of these sides. It was also a recommendation made by our server.If you come here for your birthday, you get a free dessert of your choice and they bring it out with a lit candle and writing in chocolate on the plate saying "Happy Birthday"Their wine selection here is amazing! This was the very first place that I have ever been to that allows you to order Silveroak by the glass. My favorite!!!
5	Steak was perfect but the sauces were over the top in a good way. I know a good steak doesn't need sauces but I tried them and was hooked. The mushrooms were the best I've very had. Very tasty. Good atmosphere.  I ate at the bar and Mike was terrific. I highly recommend.
2	My son decided to treat me to Jean Georges Steakhouse for my birthday along with tickets to Zarkana.  He paid an exorbitant sum for tickets and dinner to Jean Georges. We arrived to Jean Georges expecting a fine dining experience and we're seated at a booth table. Our table was wobbly and had to be adjusted while we were seated there. Rather than moving us to another table and deeming that one off limits for the evening to fix later. We were handed a menu that was selected for our package. The selection was terrible. My caesar salad was horrible!! Not at all what I expected. The portion was minimal and it did not look pleasing. I ordered the filet mignon. Apparently  everything is a la carte. No vegetables or sides. Dessert was decent. All in all, the experience was terrible. For what you pay, you would expect more. The wine selection was terrible. We ordered a glass of merlot each and only had one merlot to choose from. I would never recommend this place. For the amount of money that each individual pays to eat there, they should be able to get decent tables. I understand a dimly lit restaurant for ambiance. The ladies room? The toilet was black too. Could barely see yourself in the mirror to put on your lipstick. Would never recommend.
3	We arrive for our reservation at 730pm. It took awhile to place in our order. When all was said and done, food arrived at around 9pm. Food was great! But for as expensive as it was, service was lacking. Getting our water filled was a challenge. We were checked on one time. I ordered extra limes with my beverage, and had to ask my waitress 2 times and then finally asked a different waiter who brought them some time later.When It came to clearing the dishes, she did so by reaching in front of you, and even leaned a little on me to grab a dish. There was no, "excuse my reach"... When clearing the placemat, she spilt the crumbs on the two sitting next to me. Like I said, food was great. Which is why I'm giving 3 stars. I think everyone at the table was more than satisfied with their meal. It was very expensive, but the steak was on point. My friends enjoyed the bone marrow and scallops.
5	This is my favorite steakhouse.  It is a must stop when in vegas.  Steaks are incredible.  Bartenders make u feel at home and provide excellent service.  Its a must do when at Vegas.
2	You'd think an overpriced steakhouse in one of the most upscale casinos in Vegas could actually cook a steak right. Out of our party of 8, 6 ordered steaks. 4 were improperly cooked, one so badly it was sent back. Med rare came out med, med came out well done.... After some swapping of steaks we ate. If it wasn't so late in the evening, we would have sent back more of them. The steak was reasonable, but not what I'd expect for the price. The appetizers were better. Should have stopped ordering there. Jean Georges' name is going to end up like Pierre Cardin's if he's not careful.
3	We had the Signature Tasting menu with wine pairings.  That's $125 & $55 per person.  Most dishes dishes were "good" with the exception of our Wagyu tenderloin & dessert.  Although the steaks were cooked to order (medium-warm pink) we thought the seasoning was overly salty.  The beef itself was dry/tasteless, not juicy at all -Perhaps this accounts for the over done salt.  I'll have a much better steak at Fleming's or Ruth Chris.  I expected something " more" here with the Wagyu tenderloin.The Sommelier was spot on with the wine pairings.  My only complaint is that there is too much wine per "tasting".  It was at least a 4oz pour with the wine -times four -including Champagne & Madeira. We had to ask the server to slow it down as they were bringing the glasses for the next tasting before we could finish the last wine.  This was our second wine pairing dinner and I think it will be our last as it is too rushed for the quantity of wine.  The dessert of chocolate mousse & mint ice cream was a "Fail".  The mousse was dense & dry.  Ice cream was tasteless/icy & "crumbly". Chocolate wafers, chocolate cookie crumbs, and crunchy chocolate pearls-way too much.  Sorry but this dessert was something a 5 year old would have put together.  More stuff is just....well more.  Service was ok. I know multiple servers must work well for the restaurant but not so much for the customer.  No one really checking back in with you.  Overall the experience lacked any "wow" factor for the expense.
4	There are a plethora of steakhouses in Vegas. I was staying at Aria and my stay included a resort credit that i opted to use at Jean Georges. If someone is looking for a truly romantic spot for dining, this is truly the place. First off, the restaurant is absolutely beautiful. It's dimly lit and illuminated by candlelight for a fully romantic effect. Now, like most Vegas casino steakhouses, one must be prepared to pay a premium. Since i was using my resort credit i didn't have to worry about that. Now to the meal. Appetizer: bacon wrapped shrimp. Absolutely delicious, but ridiculously priced for such a small portion. I know it's an appetizer, but damn! Lol!Main Course:  New York strip. I only eat medium rare steak, with an emphasis on rare. But when i got my steak and cut near the tip, it just didn't have nearly the pink that it should have had. I flagged the waiter down and he suggested i cut more away from the tip. Sure enough it was cooked perfectly the rest of the way. However, i was disappointed that it wasn't pink all the way through. I didn't voice my concern to the waiter and was fully prepared to enjoy the steak. Here's what seperates great service from mediocre service: Apparently he had observed my look of disappointment after i cut into the meat, because lo and behold, a few moments later the manager came over and profusely apologized and offered to totally redo it. Wow! talk about service!! I was sooooo impressed. i informed her that that wasn't necessary and that the steak was really welled seasoned and very juicy. And it was. They brought out several types of steak sauces, but none were required because the flavoring of the steak was really good by itself.I definitely recommend this restaurant, especially if you are already staying at Aria. Really no need to venture out elsewhere.
2	Disappointing. Wagyu beef was cooked medium, as ordered, but I guess it was just not good quality to begin with. There was nothing in taste or texture to suggest, that it was anything else, then your typical angus and mediocre one at that. Sides of Brussels sprouts and mushrooms were both basically ruined- too salty and sour. Appetizer of dungeness crab carpaccio was ok, but not outstanding.
5	Had the most a-mazing time. The steak and lobster was cooked to perfection we had oysters that were incredibly delicious. We were celebrating our anniversary in Vegas they made our night perfect!! Must come back!
4	Came here to eat the foie, which is no longer available for purchase in California. The foie was delicious, and came with both sweet and salty accouterments. I also enjoyed the scallops. French fries were boring. Service was fine.My dining companion is allergic to wheat, so when the bread bowl came out, we asked if there was anything available for her. Most restaurants (especially at this price point!) will have some kind of gluten- or wheat-free offering. Or, if they don't, offer something else instead to munch on while we wait for the food... but no such offer here. The waiter just said "No" and looked mostly confused.
3	I think this place is the perfect example of an A-OK.   It's exactly what you would expect from a high end steak place inside one of the better casino properties.  We shared the 36oz porterhouse and grilled asparagus.  Everything came out good and the service was excellent.  P.S.  I am a total steak snob so take that into consideration when looking at my 3 star rating.
5	This place is beautiful with amazing food and service. What Fine dining is all about. My water cup was refilled after every sip. I ordered their cheese burger which was 8ounces cooked to perfection it came with hand cut fries sprinkled with truffles all for around $30. My sister ordered the rib eye steak. It was phenomenal one of the best steak I've ever had and was around $68. We ordered calamari for appetizers which came with a ciracha foam sauce. Amazing. I believe was $20. My friend had ordered the short ribs which was really good a little sweet but the meet came right off. My waitress was super nice and was kind to offer some specials and her opinions on what I would like. As it was a late birthday celebration she in the end brought a molten chocolate cake with French vanilla ice cream and let me tell you the cake was cooked to perfection the chocolate oozed out. I do not know the price as it was complimentary. Everything was great I highly suggest to order the steak and desert as it is worth every penny. P.s- If you want a fancy dinner this is a great place to go.
2	The worst wagyu/steak that I have ever had. The meat was so stringy that it tasted worse than USDA porterhouse. Seriously, the moment I cut the steak I noticed the meat was so stringy and could not be cut through with one slice (whereas real japanese kobe should be like tofu). The waiter also gave me my steak in medium when I asked for medium rare. The side dishes were alright, but nothing worthy of its name. Will not return.
4	Had a $100 resort credit,  so decided to use it towards a nice dinner. We were a group of five and shared the porterhouse, the rib eye, the chicken, black truffle Mac and cheese, mashed potatoes, and Brussels sprouts. The rib eye was delicious with just the right amount of fat. The porterhouse was somewhat chewy on the new York strip side. Interestingly, the chicken was super delicious with a crispy outside and a tender inside. The chicken came with this spicy buttery sauce that was just perfect. They serve their meats with a variety of sauces but the chimichurri was my fav. The sides were small but good. My fav was the truffle Mac and cheese. For all of us, it was $350 I believe with two cocktails. Service was pretty slow though.
5	Five stars you say ? Isn't that overdoing it? No. Nope. Nada. Everything down to the flavors, service and ambiance oozes class at this place. From the moment we were seated to getting our meals packed, we were given the royal treatment. Now the menu. We started with tempura fried calamari which came with Sriracha foam (wow what an invention!). We completely devoured the two plates of this appetizer! I ordered the short rib, one friend ordered the steak and two others the burger. I didn't get a taste of the burgers but oh man do I regret not getting the steak, honestly the best steak I have had... I'm not exaggerating. The flavors, the tenderness everything was on point. Now mind you the short rib wasn't bad at all, the meat was tender and tore of the bone with a sweet cranberry sauce. Now the service was.... let's just say this. Our glass of waters never emptied past the halfway point, EVERYTIME it got close to...the magical waitstaff immediately re-filled it. Now that's attention to service. Our server was sweet and even provided a free birthday dessert to my friend when we noted that we were celebrating. Definitely a place to check out. You are paying for quality here.
5	I ate here this past Saturday.  Easy to get same day reservations.  I had a party of 2 and split the 36 oz porterhouse ($109) but seriously worth it.  It was cooked to perfection.  We got the side is truffle Mac n cheese (to die for) and grilled asparagus.  We also started with the tuna tartare which was perfect.  I thoroughly enjoyed everything I ordered and our waiter was super friendly.  It was pricey but I. Expected it for a nice steak house. For 2 people it was $300, however, that included tip, 2 drinks each, a starter, 2 sides and the porterhouse we shared.  I'll definitely go back!!!
4	We enjoy a lot our lunch, the food was remarkable, the service efficient and the place Is enjoyable. I think doesn't go with the place Is that You have to pay for the bread?!
1	Worst service ever. The only reason we came here was because all the other restaurants at Aria was booked for New Year day. Our reservations was at 9PM, we were seated at 9:20PM. We didn't get our water for about another 20 minutes. By the time we flagged down the waiter, we were ready to order. We asked for the cocktail list and that also took forever. Appetizers came out in a timely manner. Dinner came out 40 minutes after we were done with the appetizers. The couple sitting next to our table received their meal in a timely manner and before us even though they came in about 30 minutes after us. We ordered tea and coffee after dinner and had to cancel it because we didn't receive it after 20 minutes. The service here is ridiculous. I thought it was because they were super busy but we still didn't receive our entrees after 2/3 of the restaurant cleared out. We complained to the manager and we found him up front chatting with the hostess instead of managing his servers/staff. He was so surprised when we complaint that we figured no one even made him aware of the situation. What a joke. Note to Jean George: hire a manager that takes a more active role in making sure the restaurant flows smoothly.Side dishes, appetizers, salad was really good. Filets need some work.
5	Made reservations for NYE dinner and was sat immediately after check in. Had a set menu that night but totally worth it. Everything we had was amazing and service was good. Very anxious to try Chef Jean George's other restaurants!
