5	I first found this company when one of the arms broke off my glasses when I was away for the day in Tucson.  Because they did such a great job at their Tucson location, I decided to use them again today.One of the nose pads broke off my glasses early this morning.  I had driven past All American's Alma School location before, so I stopped there this afternoon.  This location, just like their Tucson location, is in a nondescript older building that looks like a renovated house.  There's plenty of parking in the back of the building.  When I walked into the front door, it was as if was walking into my Grandma's house ... decor was early Salvation Army.  But I was greeted by a very pleasant young woman who took one look at my glasses and told me it would just take a couple of minutes to change both nose pads.  I sat down on an older but comfy couch to check the email on my phone, and before I was done, she was back with my glasses fully repaired!  The cost was $10 out the door, which for those of you who wear glasses 100% of the time, know was a very fair price.Having had two terrific experiences with All American Eyeglass Repair, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them!
2	Sorry, but don't waste your money or time. I needed to have my Coach sunglasses tweaked and went to see if they could help. The glasses kept falling off my head and the guy worker, who is apparently just the repairman, told me that he could tighten the screws and replace the nose pads with some silicone pads but I would have to leave them there and come back in an hour or two! What the hell? It was hot and I must have been dehydrated because he said that it would cost $20 for each pair. After driving about two blocks, I turned back around and picked them up. Silicone pads are usually only a few bucks and the Coach have their emblem on the pads, so he would have removed the nice ones and replaced with cheaper ones. All that he should have done was narrow the bridge with the needle nose pliers.The inside of this place is very unattractive. I don't know if the owner was booted out of his house and is living in the store, but he has all of his family photos in the store.
5	Stopped in to have a pair of sunglasses repaired.  They have excellent service and they were able to make a repair very quick on my Tory Burch.  I did go to other places even the place I purchased my sunglasses from.....Sunglass Hut all who were unable to do the repair.  I highly recommend All American Eyeglass Repair.
5	Awesome service ! I stepped on the most expensive pair of designer glasses I ever owned. - was in complete despair . They were repaired in less than an hour  . Consider myself a collector of high fashion eyewear and have many friends / associates who share my addiction - will be spreading the word about the skills and service I received ! ( from the owner ) If your glasses can be repaired these people can do it . They also can add nose bridges to plastic frames so people like me can wear plastic frames too !
5	Well established business with excellence.  Quick, good value, quality. Numerous repairs.
5	Great place to fix your glasses. Very friendly and genuine staff. My glasses screw fell off and the nice gentleman who helped me, fixed it in 5 minutes. 100% recommended.
