4	Lost count of the times I've been here over the last few years, with parties large or small. In my opinion the best of the Edinburgh Howies. My visit this week was no exception to the standard of service and quality of the menu that I've come to expect. The haggis starter was tasty and the main course of parsnip, pepper & something tart was delicious and filling. Finished off with the renowned banoffi pie and efficiently served throughout this was yet another enjoyable meal in a deservedly popular Edinburgh institution.
4	Love this place.  As I wandered the street of Edinburgh, I came to Grassmarket and discovered this place.  The ambience is very nice.  The service is very attentive.   The waitresses were all nice and took good care of the orders.  It's very female friendly.  there were two group of females having a good time together when I came in. they had a full bar if you want to come for some drinks. The food I would say is a little bit fusion.  I had the soup of the day, tomatoes with mint... and it was delicious.  The soup was not made from can tomatoes.  You can even taste the tart and sour flavor of the tomatoes peels.  It will be worth it to order again.  It came in two size : as an appetizer or as an entree.   So do many order dish in the restaurant.  For the main dish, I ordered the hummus wrap with chicken.  This I would say is not as impressive as the soup.  the portion is not huge.  The flavor was not as distinctive as the soup.  However, it does taste good but I wish they put a little bit more hummus so it has a little bit more flavor to it.  They currently have a promotion for a 5 pound entree.  You can check out the website for the coupons.Overall, I would definitely come back to this restaurant because the food wasn't bad, love the atmosphere (nice in a sunny day - room was fully covered but the sun still shined through).  The price is not over the top like some other restaurants.  Good portion (i've seen someone other the burgers and they were huge!).  Very good service is another added point.  If you are around in the area, you can come and check it out.  enjoy! :)
4	A great, fresh take on Scottish cuisine!  I had a haggis spring roll to start, which was just brilliant, followed by a pork chop entree with a black pudding and chickpea cassoulet.  The wine and the service were very good, and it's an attractive but unpretentious place, with reasonable prices.  Would definitely come here again!
4	Of Edinburgh's four 'branches' of Howie's,  (they dislike being referred to as a chain, as each restaurant attempts to have its own identity and creates its own menu ) this is my favourite to come to for dinner. It has a sense of intimacy and romantic atmosphere that the other 'branches' haven't quite managed to cultivate. The menu is based around Scottish produce (Shetland salmon, Stornoway black pudding) and changes seasonally. They use organic bread from local baker Breadwinner, which is always fresh and delicious, and your first bowl is complimentary which I think is a nice touch. It would be fair to say that I've never had a bad meal here. The restaurant is located in one of the city's prettiest streets and is perfectly situated for heading out into town after your meal, although I'd recommend that you nip across the road to the Bow Bar for a digestif first.
3	I ate here on my first night in Edinburgh.  It was Sunday night around 8 and the place was packed, perhaps due to Monday being a bank holiday.  The atmosphere was nice and upscale casual.  The service was not-so-great.  The food was just pretty good.For a starter we got the haggis spring rolls.  I was unimpressed, as were my dining companions.  I would have preferred more than those two little rolls.  The haggis itself wasn't that flavorful, and the chili-jam was sweet but didn't really have much heat.  The mushroom-kidney bean pate was quite nice, however the oat-cakes were mysteriously missing from the plate. The soup of the day was quite nice.  For mains we got the salmon, pork steak, and aubergine pine nut involtini.  For the most part these were just OK.  The salmon was tasty but there was barely any of the red chili creme fraiche.  The pork steak was average, however the shallots with it were delicious.  I enjoyed the involtini.For dessert we tried the citrus-ginger cheesecake.  I loved the concept of this, as I am a huge ginger fan and a huge cheesecake fan.  It was good but it didn't blow me away.The presentations on the food were all very nice.  I'd give this 3.5 stars but I'll round down to three for Yelp purposes because I was hoping for a little more.
4	I like Howie's, it's always got a really strong and vibrant atmosphere and even if it's not really busy, the music and the staff make it seem like it is. I had a lovely and light duck salad to start, it was really tasty. My brothers both had haggis which they  said was brilliant. Haggis tends to get a bad press, most people would see it on a menu and avoid like the plague, but this version would make me order it. For main I had the special of the day, which was GORGEOUS  - venison with cabbage and potatoes in a red currant jus has never tasted so delicious. My brothers wern't too happy with their seabream (the healthy option, what did they expect) but said the banoffee pie was  delicious.The interior is lovely too, the stone walls work well. The waitress was lovely too - she was interested in the food and very helpful!
4	Despite being a chain of restaurants, Howies of Victoria Street seems to keep some of its individuality - possibly from the finest of all four of the restaurants manu's.It's most certainly Scottish, but not as we know it Jim. Using local produce, Howies have managed to create a simply mouth watering modern and yet somehow traditional menu using Scottish classics such as Salmon and Haggis without becoming some kind of Scottish Medevil Theme Restaurant.The restaurant itself is cozy and clean, with a brilliant atmosphere that is both buzzing and vibrant, but also intimate and close all at the same tiem.I havent always been happy with the Howies Chain (sorry! set of four individual restaurants under the same name) but this is the nicest by a long way.
5	The atmosphere was great and highly suggest for dating dinner or having lunch with friends. I think this restaurant is casual style but if you want to dress up it wont be strange either. We ordered the 2 courses special menu, all of them are exceed our expectation which are so great. The light salad is perfect as starter even if you have no appetite for a big lunch. My friend ordered the creamy fish soup which is so creamy and taste good, but if you are not that found of creamy food,i suggest that you can just go for some lighter choice. The main courses we ordered the chef of the day fish, the fish was perfectly cooked and fresh fish. The price is exceed our expectation again, which was so valuable. We are definitely will go back gain!
4	We'd never eaten haggis... but we tried it here. And we ate it. It reminded us a bit of american stuffing. The taste is nothing like you'd expect given how it is prepared and the list of raw ingredients. In addition, we had an excellent fish special that was well cooked, the mushroom tart starter was excellent, and the salad with fried polenta was delicious. The server was very friendly and helpful, but the fish main course for one (out of 5 people) showed up about 5 minutes after the rest of the food, which was a bit frustrating. A great place, can be a bit noisy when it gets filled up with people. But overall, it was a wonderful meal, and take a chance and try the haggis.
4	Well established, well tasty, well central and well wouldn't you believe it a bit of an Edinburgh institution. I don't eat at Howie's regularly, but knowing that it's there and ready to tick all the necessary boxes to offer you a memorable dining experience is comfort enough. It helps that Howie's is tucked in at the top of Victoria Street, one of the most attractive areas in the city and within striking distance of several appealing watering holes for a post-prandial pint.On my most recent visit I dined on partridge, Stornaway black pudding, salmon and other bits and pieces - I forget the details. [This may be seen as a contradiction to my earlier statement about the memorableness of the experience. Ahem.]The service was fine, the range of menu choices suitable for everyone in my group and the atmosphere one of contented chat from all diners in this welcoming establishment.
4	Went here for the first time a couple of weeks ago. Nice interior and a good varied menu. The special of the day was a lovely venison steak. The staff were  friendly and helpful. Nice central location if you plan on going out afterwards in the Grassmarket/Royal Mile area.
4	Great Scottish food in the heart of Edinburgh.  The service was very friendly, and the food was great. It's a bit expensive, which is to be expected of a restaurant in that area of the city I suppose, but well worth it I'd say.I went here for Valentine's Day with the girlfriend, and it had a good ambiance: busy, but not too loud.  Stay for dessert, it's worth it.
3	It's not a bad place if you are looking for a Scottish restaurant. We had a surprisingly affordable 2-course lunch menu. The service was a lot slower than I'm used to  (maybe that's a European thing?) but our server was extremely nice and friendly. The food was average except for the banoffee pie.  That was definitely the highlight of our meal. So delicious!
4	Nice folks, good wines, good food. The haggis appetizer was delicious!
5	We luckily stumbled upon this little gem while walking around Old Town in desperate need of some lunch. I'm quite fussy when it comes to food largely due to food intolerances but also because I refuse to eat meat that isn't at least free range. When I saw Howies sources their produce locally and that their chicken was free range I was sold. Even better the chicken dish was gluten and onion free!Despite the restaurant being busy, we were quickly shown to a table and the service was very prompt and friendly. Our food took around 10 -15 minutes to come out.  It was delicious! The chicken was cooked the perfection, the chicken jus was tasty and the potatoes and beans rounded off the dish beautifully. I would have loved to have stayed and tried the dessert however as we were in a rush we had to go! I wouldn't hesitate to return.
4	Also a place I'd passed by, peeked in, and made a mental note to visit. It's upscale without being pushy. I mean the decor. It's warm, but elegant; sparse but comfortable. My friend and I both remarked on how nice it was. There are a lot of staff, which is luxurious. Someone took my coat, someone sat me, another brought water, maybe one of the earlier ones took our order, a different one delivered it. It was funny, because usually you'd strike up little conversations with your waiter, but here it was always someone new, and if you were boring/naughty you could just keep saying the same things.Anyway, the food was good. Not great, not WOW! It was tasty. I'd be fine if someone suggested this place again. A note on their Gluten Free options: some menu items have the little GF symbol, but it means they CAN be GF, like if something listed which sounds like it has gluten is taken out. For instance, one of the desserts was a pannacotta with a ginger biscuit and whatever. But to be GF there would be no biscuit. Not that there was also a GF ginger biscuit. So kinda disappointing in the level of accommodation.
3	Howies is a bit of an edinburgh institution, it's been around for years and offers quailty bistro food from fresh ingredients.  having never actually been, when it was decided that this was where we would be having our work christmas lunch i was looking forward to finally trying it.we arrived at half two on a friday afternoon and were shown to a long table along the back wall.  the restaurant space is a bit odd... on entering there is a tiny waiting area which also serves as the bar so not ideal when you're a massive party squashed in waiting to be seated.  also the space lacks atmosphere and is sort of soulless with clean walls and a mix of blues for colouring.  the restaurant is two rooms, one slightly larger than the next and these may have more atmosphere on a normal night instead of when its packed with office christmas parties.we had barely sat down when we were offered an aperetif and had our starters placed in front of us.  i had the spicy parsnip soup, which was quite nice and a good sized portion.  starters were shortly followed by mains of which i found my venison stew tasty but not overly impressive.  the stew compromised of venison, carrots, and a serving of mashed potatoes.  i thought it could have used a few more veg to round it out but found it to be nice just not that exciting.  finally dessert arrived in speedy time and i was quite pleased with my cheese board.  three different types of cheeses, quince, and a good number of oatcakes.  i would have appreciated being told what the cheeses were though...so overall i thought Howie's was ok, it was nice enough that i would go back to try it on a non-christmas dinner basis but not so nice that i would go rushing back.  the part that really bothered me was that the whole meal felt like we were on a conveyor belt in some factory instead of there to enjoy a nice meal.  we were in and out in just over 2 hours which isn't really enough time to enjoy a three course meal.  hopefully if i make a repeat visit i'll be able to update my review with a further star.
5	Howie's was recommended to us by our Rabbie's tour guide. Great tip. Best restaurant we visited on our trip to the UK. Lots of good local fare, unique to visitors (like me) from the U.S. Service was great. Whiskey and beer selections were perfect and the location was amazing. A short walk to the castle.
