3	With all  the hype that used to surround this place, I tell you what... just walk pass and cross the street to Queue de Cheval or go for the real top food experience in montreal and go to Europea. But this one is a pretentious place with quality food with no soul or creativity. Just cut and paste recipe with too much salt and spice to hide the bland execution. Wine list is good, and sommelier saved the night with perfect wine pick despite a wine list that looks amazing but just because wine that are out of stock are not removed from it.... Great unique champagnes.
4	The stylish Decca 77 servers a great value luncheon - three courses for $25.  The strength of the lunch were the excellent main dishes - ours included perfectly cooked veal and a rich tasting steak.  The desserts were not quite of that caliber, still, the gimmicky macaroon, stuffed with all kinds of layers that made it look like a hamburger (with other sweet things resembling fries and a coke) was fun to eat.  The appetizer choices of a rich, coriander spiked gaspacho and a smoked sausage made for a good start of the meal.  The wine list did not have a separate page for wines by the glass, so I followed the recommendations of the waiter - and paid dearly.  One more thing:  for a restaurant that tries to be elegant, the dirty, smudged seat covers are a real turn off.  Replace (or wash) immediately!
4	Swanky and upscale, but with waiters who are kind and patient, not snooty. The sommelier picked a perfect bottle of wine for us. But be warned: There's nothing cheap about this wine list. Our bottle was $70 and that was one of the least expensive options. We arrived early on a Friday night so the place wasn't quite buzzing yet, but there was a nice vibe and the entrees were beautifully presented and quite good. They could have been a step more delicious, given the price, but all in all, the evening -- ambience, food, wine and service --was worth the expense.
4	Had a reservation for 21 last night.  these guys know how to handle large groups.  the upper floor had a huge long table that we fit around, and thwere was plenty of room to mingle in that area for an hour before we met.atmosphere is very nice, dress/casual,and the service was fantastic.  i rarely had an empty glass.quality of food was very good as well, pretty much up there with my other favorites in Montreal for the style of restaurant.Takes Amex
2	We went with friend a few weeks back and left without eating.We had tickets for a tasting evening.  Water took 15 minutes to arrive at table,  15 more to be asked what we wanted to drink.  Sommelier took our order then returned unable to find it. Ordered something else and finally took our first sip one hour after we arrived.  No waiter to be found to place our supper order, we left our money on the table for the wine and then walked out!  Can't tell you if the food was good or bad, but can tell you the service was horrible...
2	Came here on 2013 New Year's Eve for their tasting menu with wine pairing. The food was ok, the waiters were not knowledgeable in the food they were serving, the wine was poured clumsily, not every dish was paired (not sure by mistake or intentionally), they upsold me a flake of truffle for an extra 20$ that had no flavor, and all this cost me more than the tasting menu with wine pairing at canoe Toronto.
4	Food here was honestly very, very amazing.Went here for an after work event (our office is located in the same tower). We had the set menu. I had a mackerel dish for starters, a delicious braised lamb shank with white beans for my main, and an ice cream sundae for dessert. The food here was excellent and just really beautifully presented, absolutely A++ on the presentation.Our server was very friendly, kept accidentally switching back into French which was amusing as only half our table could understand, but he quickly corrected himself and we all had a laugh about it!Decor is simple and elegant. Because the restaurant is on the main floor of an office tower building, it felt somewhat institutional and was lacking warm and coziness, so I wouldn't recommend it for a romantic date spot, but it's definitely great for a group dinner/office function.
5	Very nice, very contemporary. They have approximately a million bottles of wine all over on display, it seems like more of a place for a higher end business meeting than a romantic setting. The food is a work of art, very talented chef, you notice it when the bill comes, it was over $100 for me and my wife to dine here for supper but I feel it was money well spent. I don't believe I could get this artistic culinary spectacle anywhere else.
4	I was staying at the Sheraton in Montreal so I decided to get dinner nearby and was recommended Decca 77. The restaurant had two parts to it, the actual restaurant and the brasserie. I opted for the brasserie and started off with the caprese salad (which included some very delicious yellow tomatoes). I followed up with the gnochi dish which was very nice as well. Overall a pretty good experience, service was nice. If you are staying at the Sheraton it's a good place to walk to and have a bite.
5	Amazing food with creative presentation. The staff is friendly and the food is delicious.
