5	I am currently doing my culinary internship at AndyFood (I completed my coursework at the Arizona Culinary Institute in May 09). I read an  article in Edible Phoenix magazine about Andy and his corporate teambuilding classes and I immediately called to see if I could do my internship at AndyFood. I was surprised by how much I have learned during the past two months (after all, I just went through culinary school), but Andy and Anne-Marie are very knowledgeable and they have great teaching skills.I am fascinated by corporate teambuilding classes. Each group has a unique dynamic and it's interesting to see how the groups operate in the kitchen. I absolutely love everything about my internship at AndyFood - the chefs, classes, the participants, the atmosphere and, of course, the food!
5	I sent a group of 24 people here for an afternoon team building activity and while I didn't attend the event, I heard nothing but rave reviews from the attendees and my staff person there said everyone had a ball.  I was told the kitchen was in excellent condition and set up very well.I have to say, I was very impressed with Andy and working out the planning of the event.  He was very flexible with me and wiling to customize the menu and format to fit my goofy ideas.  He was also not shy about telling me what he thought would work and what wouldn't.  On top of an excellent event that took place almost a month ago, I got an email from Andy the other day letting me know he had a camera that was given to him because there were pictures of people in his Kitchen and he wanted to know if my group had left it.  While it didn't belong to my group, I was very impressed that he was taking the time to contact his groups to located the owner....that gave him the 5th star!If I'm ever back in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area and need a cooking team building, Andy will be my first call!
5	Our world is in a funny place right now. The economy is, well, questionable at best. Many people are struggling with providing for their families. As we are confronted with fast food restaurants on every corner providing cheap, quick and not terribly healthy fare, we can sometimes be conflicted with dinner choices. Most families I know are looking to make more meals at home in an effort to ensure that they know exactly what is going into the food and also to save a few pennies here and there. The problem with that for some can be a limited amount of knowledge in the kitchen and knowing how to prepare a meal using foods that are in season in an effort to get the most bang for your buck. I think I have found the solution for you - AndyFood, a culinary kitchen experience, located in Scottsdale. Chef Andy Broder takes the guesswork out of the menu for you and provides all the tips and tricks you need to cruise through your kitchen effortlessly!My initial intention was to observe Andy's class and do a quick interview when he had time during the cooking portion of the class. The ever-charming and energetic host suggested that I participate in the class as well and I am so glad that I did!Upon arrival, I found myself in a warm and whimsically decorated kitchen gleaming with the state of the art Viking appliances. As Andy had a class leave less than an hour prior to the start of the next class arriving, the kitchen was bustling with activity. As the staff hurriedly prepped the cooking stations, Andy greeted me with an "air" handshake - he is a stickler for kitchen hygiene.I continued to observe the prepping as the night's students began to file in. Everyone found their places at the two tables, dressed with a welcome pack that included the evening's menu with complete recipes, lemon-infused water and pumpkins as centerpieces which fell in line nicely with the autumn menu.As everyone was seated, there was the time and opportunity for introductions and friendly conversation. Soon, Andy introduced himself giving a quick synopsis of his background. He is a native of Arizona, having grown up in Tucson, and started his career as a lawyer for 12 years. He switched things up by graduating from the Scottsdale Culinary Institute and traveling to the LA Times for his externship. After returning to Arizona he headed up some cooking classes and 7 1/2 years ago, AndyFood was born.While enjoying an amuse of grilled chicken and cucumber tzatsiki, we went over the evenings recipes. Andy took special care to give brief lessons in the specific knife skills that would be used in each recipe, as well as providing important tips for preparing the foods at home. We were given many tips and tricks along the way - which I will not reveal here as you should really do yourself the favor of attending one of Andy's classes; you will be glad that you did.After everyone had a thorough hand washing, the class was off to their stations and so began the experience. The staff was always available for any questions or concerns that came up. Sous Chef Sandy Lieberman was an absolute delight and had a joyful and maternal way about her.I had the opportunity to, sort of, hop between stations and it was really great to see complete strangers working together, laughing and thoroughly enjoying themselves and the experience. It makes sense that 70 percent of Andy's business comes by the way of team building and corporate events. What an amazing way to convey teamwork outside of the office!Once all the courses were complete, the meal was set up buffet style. By this time we all felt like old friends, so we grabbed plates, loaded up on everyone's creations and returned to our seats to marvel in our achievements.The dinner was delicious: simple and elegant at the same time. My hands down favorites would have to be the Spiced Apple & Brie Tarts as well as the Individual Chocolate Pecan Tarts.Chef Andy's enthusiasm and interaction with the class certainly made the experience for myself as well as other students that I spoke with. This is most definitely something you do not want to miss. Andy's experience, professionalism and obvious passion for his profession are apparent the moment he introduces himself. The care that is put into the menu selection is just the beginning of the journey. Sign up today for one of the many classes offered at AndyFood by visiting andyfood.com. I know I am!Be sure to visit our site for a complete view of my interview with Andy:http://phoenixbites.com/2010/11/01/an-evening-of-cooking-at-andyfood-culinary-studio/
5	My boss planned a team builder - andhe did it at Andyfood.  I am not much of a cook, and I had low expectations.  I left feeling really impressed with Andy, the facility, and his staff.  This was a great way for our team to grow - and it was thoroughly entertaining.  AND we made great food (we did rustic Italian).
4	My wife and I went for the knife skills class. So much fun!  The only negative was that my wife had a broken foot and she ended the evening in a lot of pain.
4	I took a tamale-making class with my mom and my aunt in November.  We do this every 10 years or so to remind ourselves how to make them so if we ever do decide to make them, we'll be set.Prior to the hands-on, the instructor provided a short demo of the all the dishes we would be making.  We were going to be making about a half dozen varieties of tamales in 3 hours and still have time to eat...I was skeptical.  During the demo, a light appetizer was served.  I suggest you not go on an empty stomach because the appetizer is not a meal, and you won't be eating until later in the evening if you take a night class.  I rarely have an empty stomach, so there was no problem for me.Our instructor, Anne-Marie Blanco, was great.  With a diverse culinary background, including pastry, she also grew up making tamales with her grandmother so I knew we would be okay.  Anne-Marie was just old enough that I knew grandma did it right.  And in fact, we were taught several methods to make masa, including my favored lard-based masa.  After the demo, we divided up into teams of 4.  My group held out in volunteering for the red beef or chicken mole tamales, wanting green chile, so you guessed it, we were stuck with mole (along with pumpkin).  The mole was my least favorite.  But luckily we all shared.  Ann-Marie was very knowledgeable and personable, making sure everyone knew what to do and had assistance as needed.  She had two assistants to handle dishes, clean towels, etc.The ingredients were pre-measured at each cooking station to speed up the process (and probably to reduce fatal errors).  So we were, in fact, able to complete the daunting task and enjoy a "heart-healthy" meal.  However, our class size was 15-16, and I thought this was too many given the size of the kitchen.  The class was very well-planned so there were enough burners for everyone, pots, etc, but it was crowded.  Too many cooks in the kitchen for me.  I was also a little saddened that we did not get to take home any of the left-over tamales even though there were plenty remaining for everyone.  Hopefully, someone ate them, and they weren't disposed.  That would be a real tragedy. Overall, a fun class.  And I learned something.  Ever had an olive in your tamale?   Olives are put in tamales for luck.  Have you also noticed it seems few people do this anymore?  I now know who to blame for my inherent bad luck.
1	I had signed up for a cooking class at AndyFood online. I thought $65 seemed like a lot of money for a cooking class, but when I read about all the yummy things we were going to learn to make I thought it would be well worth it.Two days before the class I had to cancel. Had to, yes, no choice. I called and and explained this to a woman who told me no refunds. That's fine, I would have rather had a credit to take another class. Nope. Not possible. She said the only thing I could do was have a friend/family member take my place because it was short notice. I couldn't find anyone willing to spend three hours of their Saturday learning to make desserts, so they got my 65 bucks and I got nothing. I understand rules are rules but come on.I was really looking forward to taking a class at Andy Food. I though it would be a really fun experience since I love to cook. But that's just bad business.
5	Great place, wonderful chef, my husband and I really enjoyed ourselves and got some great recipes to make at home.
5	Did a cooking class with my 2 gal friends from work and one of their sisters and thoroughly enjoyed the experience!Website had lots of info on what to expect but I still called and verified a few things and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The place is smaller than I expected, but it's amazing how much food can come out of such a limited space - we made at least 5 different dishes.. or was it 6?  Not sure, but I tell you that everything tasted excellent (well maybe it needed a little salt :)).What I enjoyed the most was:  helpful staff, well-planned menu and simplicity of instructions and simplicity of cooking process despite them all being complex dishes.  They helped you if you needed help, gave you extra butter if you needed it and were generally great instructors.  Andy, the owner/chef was engaging, humorous, entertaining and still a great instructor.  Also, plan on about a ~3+hr event... this takes time, my friends, but the meal and the memories will be worth it.Some cons: small dining area, so plan on sitting REAL close to your friends or strangers; kitchen area is a bit closed in and you share a lot of work and prep area, so if you're a huge lady (like one in this class).. well, you won't fit between all the stations and the stoves;I would absolutely do this again!
5	My wife and I did a class last week and had a great time. Everything is very organized and I learned lots of practical cooking tips. Remember to bring your own bottle of wine if you would like some vino with dinner
4	Really enjoyed the pasta and sauces from scratch class I attended last week.  The demonstration before the hands-on part of the class is helpful in being able to make the dishes at home, and the kitchen set-up and assistance made the experience very enjoyable.Only regret is we didn't bring a bottle of wine with us...should have read the Yelp reviews before going!
4	What a super fun and memorable experience! A large group of us (well over 25 people) went here for a team-building cooking class event. We all had such a great time- the recipes were delicious and our dishes all turned out perfect! Andy is so knowledgeable and continues to give hands on advice and guidance throughout the class after he gives the first demo of what the group is set to prepare during the class. I don't like to cook AT ALL and I really enjoyed our event here!
5	We hosted a group cooking class the last night of our conference in Scottsdale and received great feedback from the event!  Andy greeted us and laid the ground rules and then set us on our way to cook the dinner for the evening.  Our menu was the Enoteca - Italian Wine Bar Small Plates which consisted of:    Prosciutto, Tomato, and Provolone Tartlets with a Pasta Crust    Warm Gorgonzola and Pignoli-Stuffed Dates    Bruschetta with Artichokes and Artisan Olive Oil    Bruschetta with Zucchini Caponata    Penne Alla Carbonara    Mini Marsala Meatball Stuffed Mushrooms    Jam & Chocolate CrescentsThe food turned out amazing and we were all so proud that we cooked the meal ourselves.  It was a great team building activity and Andy and his team were so helpful and fun to work with.  We were able to bring in our own wine during dinner and unwind after our cooking experience.I can't wait to go back and attend some of the public classes!
