5	What an awesome, Raunchy, funny band!
5	Saw the show at Dirty at 12:30 at the Southpoint  Hotel. These guys are Fabulous!  Great music & what a Fun, Dirty, Hysterical Show. Loved them!
5	Have you seen these guys??   If not you are missing out!  If you are looking to dance your ass off, laugh til it hurts and be offended so much you are thinking your mom would be wondering why you arent leaving then this is the show for you!  Great night of entertainment.  One of a kind unique show you have never seen before.
5	Have not seen these guys in Vegas, but I have seen them numerous times in California at local bars, and a couple of private parties under their name Flashpants. Excellent band, and the band mates are friendly and they work the crowd both on and off the stage. If you like the music of the 80's new wave you will definitely love these guys. I have not seen a band perform a compilation of music from different bands of that era. Guys you are truly talented and well worth the money spent to go see at a venue, or even hired out for private parties. Keep up the good work
5	By far and second to none, the best thing I ever seen live!! If you love short shorts and 80's music, If you love to dance, sing and laugh, u HAVE to see these guys!!!
5	I'm not a huge fan of live bands but I will make it out anytime to see these guys! I promise you, you will not be bored! I guarantee you are going to tell your friends about them. I love, love, love this band!
5	Absolutely love this band! I've seen them several times in Newport and Long Beach and they always get the crowd going!
5	I love this band. Love, love, love them. They are awesome musicians and they are a blast to party with. Of course, I had been drinking, a lot. The lead singer does dirty nasty dirty things with the microphone. They should be called the Nasty Dirty Nasty Band That's Really Nasty and Dirty. Of course that would way too long, but accurate. I haven't had more fun at a bar ever.
4	hate to be the first for a 4 star review, and i really love the band!  if you have a chance, go see these guys!!  they are energetic and fun!  they will not disappoint.  i have seen them a couple of times and laughed my head off.  then why not 5 stars you say?  i have seen similar shows, so i guess i am jaded.  will i see these guys again? Absolutely!  will i see another band like this in Vegas again, probably.
