2	Ok, so I've been to my fair share of mediocre nail salons. I'm really not the kind of picky person who needs to have the best service and care...I just want my toes and/or fingers to come out looking nicely. Which they did, in this case, but I just can't get over the price.The setup of Lillian's is actually very nice and a little different than the traditional Asian nail place (sorry, but that's what it is). It was refreshing, in a way. And I would expect to pay $20-25 for just a pedicure. But $5 extra to have my callouses worked on? Isn't that supposed to be part of a regular pedicure? I was just surprised and it was not what I was expecting at all. It seems like a good place if you want to get in and out during the day, and the women were really professional, but I just can't get over that price stinger.
2	Decent. This was my first time here.Went in for an acrylic fill and repair. Nail station was dirty, technician was snippy. The whole station (and others) were poorly kept. The fake nails from the client before me were still on the table when I arrived and stayed there my entire appointment. My nail technician hurt my nails many times when she was working on me, and paid no attention.
1	Horrible. Sub par job. Paid for a pedi and got lotion rubbed on my legs and bad paint job on my toes. The nail polish didn't even last a week, and the customer service was not great. The price was ridiculous for what they did.
2	Don't bother making an appointment because they don't stick to a schedule. Also, beware that when getting a pedicure they will likely cut your cuticles until you bleed. I'm not sure why I keep coming back... Probably out of sheer convenience as it's so close to my house.
2	The technicians do a good job, but the customer service is poor. Appointment times are not kept and though they advertise walk-in service, they aren't appreciative of them as they will make a walk-in wait much longer than estimated & are dismissive to them. Too bad, great location & fairly nice salon.
