5	one of the best sushi places I've  been to. Fish in the rolls was incredible. We ordered 5 rolls, of which these two are a must for you to order: hot mess, and 007 octopussy. Both to die for.
5	I love Kumi!  I was invited to dinner with a group of friends on opening night.  I knew that this was one of Chef Akira's new venues, so I will admit that I was already expecting greatness!  When we arrived we waited at the bar for about 10 minutes.  It was opening night, so I was impressed that the restaurant didn't seem chaotic, although the main dining area was completely sat (after they sat us) and the bar was very busy.  One thing that I observed is that the bartenders were spending a lot of time perfecting the look of the drinks.  I don't drink alcohol so I can't say whether or not they also perfected the taste, but the drinks they were serving over the bar were very elegant and beautiful!   When they were ready to seat us, they gave us the table in middle of the main dining area, near the DJ booth and in front of the sushi bar.  I was very impressed by the space, the decor, the atmosphere.  Everything felt classy, yet comfortable and chic....I LOVE restaurants that really pay attention to the detail of the energy in the room.  The DJ was great, although I will admit that I have no idea who was spinning.  I was with amazing company and they were extremely entertaining the entire night.  I remember enjoying the music though and noticing how it was setting the perfect tone for the members of the room.  Chef provided us a tasting of several of his pride dishes.  We had about 15 different dishes, and I was a fan of all except one.  I did not really care for the pork chops, but maybe it was because it was the least unique of the other dishes that were brought out.  Meal highlights: Lamb Chops, Octopussy, Sizzling Steak Plate (my absolute favorite item of the night), and the sashimi platter.  It was obvious that the staff was in training as I saw a few bussers fill our glasses with pitcher water when we had bottled water sitting right on the table.  However, little things like that don't bother me or ruin my experience, especially when everything else was so flawless!  One complaint from the table, as I don't drink alcohol, was that the large tropical looking fishbowls were super sweet which made it difficult to drink.  They ended up just eating the fruit out of the bowl and leaving the big bowl of alcohol.  I will definitely be back, hopefully very soon.  I am dying for another round of that sizzling steak!  Bravo Kumi, I am excited to recommend your restaurant to my clients, friends and family.
2	Went to dinner on my business trip here. The price of food was high compared to other places I've been. Quality was OK but portions were small. Expect to spend about $150 for 2 people for some rolls & entrees.
3	We supposedly were there for there Soft opening but i noticed people were just walking in to eat without reservation so i was confused. regardless the decor of the place was really nice. bamboo sticks in the middle where the light fixtures were at and beautiful cherry blossom that covers the dome like walls. We were placed in the middle and so when we take photos at either end of the table it looked as if the Cherry Blossom really stood out made the photo amazing!So it realllly took a long time for us to get our food. We all ordered our own dishes and each one took over half an hour to arrive. I think that was the most disappointing thing, aside from that the Eggplant was too sweet for my taste but everything else was actually quite delish! All the girls enjoyed everything!
5	On my most recent trip to Vegas to celebrate my cousin's 21st birthday my entire party and I had the pleasure of eating here. This upscale sushi restaurant is the latest addition to the Mandalay Bay fine dining scene, which opened July 2013.CONCEPT: Kumi is a collaboration between the Light Group and executive chef Akira Back (Yellowtail Japanese Restaurant & Lounge @ Bellagio). The restaurant's focus is Japanese sushi with a Korean twist, reflecting the chef's Korean background. VENUE: As stated earlier the restaurant is located on the Mandalay fine dining strip near STRIPSTEAK and Red Square. If you look at the floor you'll see the names of fish written in hiragana. The entrance seems very reminiscent of an entrance to a ryokan and is very inviting. Tables near the entrance allow you to people watch. The lights and back wall created an image of sakura blooming in the springtime.SERVICE: The server was attentive and very knowledgeable about the menu. All his menu picks ended up being loved by all. Towards the end it took a little while to flag him down to get the last order of sushi.FOOD/DRINK: With the exception of the Dragon Bowl, for a party of 7 two orders of each of the following menu items were needed as one order wouldn't be enough for each person to try. Usually a serving can feed 2-4 people depending on what else is ordered. This is ultimately the only real con of this place: one signature sushi entree isn't going to be enough to feed one person. Those $$$$ in the listing are there for a reason; this is one of the most extravagant places I've eaten in Vegas. 1. Dragon Bowl: their signature bowl drink normally meant for at least 2 people. Each person was able to have several sips. The bowl had one whole lemon garnish and two pineapple leaves as decor. Drink had at the very least pineapple and a good quality rum. 2. Rock Shrimp Tempura (Sriracha Ranch, Micro Celery) [$16]: When I tasted this I was immediately reminded of Spanish patatas bravas as the sriracha ranch tasted EXACTLY like brava sauce and the tempura was crunchy yet light. I could taste the shrimp though the sriracha ranch flavor was strong. This is a very addicting appetizer and I could have easily eaten a bowl to myself. 3. Hot Mess (Crab, Sashimi Poke, Screaming O Sauce) [$20]: The sauce was akin to a spicy teriyaki sauce but I could still taste the crab and the poke. The dish itself was spicy, but the sushi can still linger in the mouth and not burn your tongue. 4. Pop Rockin' (Spicy Tuna, Crab, Salmon, Avocado, Pop Rocks) [$19]: This sushi is an example of an unusual ingredient in a dish (the Pop Rocks) that works VERY well and makes the dish stand out. The sweet Pop Rocks definitely add to the avocado and the spicy tuna/salmon. Flavor combination was just perfect.5. Fireball (Crab, Cucumber, XXX Hot Kimchee Sauce) [$19]: Least favorite of the sushi but still quite delicious. Crab was soft and the cucumber had a texture very similar to pasta (which is why any "pasta" dish under 500 calories usually is just cucumber), but like my cousin's friend said, was one-dimensional. It was also the spiciest of all the dishes.6. Crispy Pork Belly (Brussels Coleslaw) [$17]: As everyone was still hungry for at least one more roll my cousin's friend and I wanted to try a non-seafood sushi option. The pork belly was crispy and the sweet sauces at the top and bottom balanced the meat. This is another example of a perfect flavor combination and along with the Pop Rockin', my other favorite sushi dish.My cousin had a birthday dessert dish that had mochi ice cream pieces, one for each person. Mochi was soft and fresh and the ice cream was a nice sweet touch to end several sushi courses. Considering I am a person that normally doesn't go out of the way to eat sushi and really doesn't like cheap sushi places, this was certainly one of the best meals I've had this year, one of the best meals I've ever had in Vegas and if I were to rank my top 10 dining experiences, this would certainly be in one of the spots. I look forward to the next opportunity dining here again.
1	With all the rave reviews and our previous five-star experience at Akira Back's Yellowtail at the Bellagio, we had high hopes for our dinner at Kumi on Saturday night. We had reservations for 8:45 pm after the Michael Jackson One 7 pm show (see separate review), and we arrived promptly at 8:45 pm. We were told by a very sweet hostess that they were running behind and we would be seated within ten minutes.  That should have been a warning for what was to come. As requested on Open Table, we were seated at a semi-circular booth in the back room (or upstairs as the hostess referred to it). It could be an incredible room except that the lighting is so dim, you can't read the menu. Thank heavens we had read the menu and already knew what we wanted to order. It was quite disconcerting that we were asked by two different waiters what we wanted to order for drinks, and then we were asked again by two waiters what we wanted to order to start. The waiters were initially friendly, but then they seemed to be rushing us . . . and that was strange because the room was not even remotely filled with diners at that point.  Maybe they were playing catch up as the hostess did say they were running behind when we arrived?!  For a new restaurant, they should have spent a little more time explaining the menu, making suggestions, etc. We ordered in stages so that all the food didn't arrive at once. We started with the Japanese Eggplant . . . one Japanese eggplant cut in half . . . delicious, but not worth the $12 price tag.  We followed that with the Miso Black Cod. Now, this is one of our favorite dishes, and we have had this at some of the best restaurants in Las Vegas, most notably Nobu, and my husband and I both agreed that Nobu has the best around. I'd put Kumi's close to the middle of the pack, not just for its taste, but also its value at $29. Then I thought about the portion and taste of the Chilean Sea Bass I had the previous evening at Mastro's Ocean Club ($45 for a huge piece) with the price we paid  for the Black Cod (similarly priced fishes), and we felt rooked!  We took the advice of previous reviewers and had the Hot Mess roll and the 007 Octopussy. Both were tasty, but we have had much better rolls at Social House. And by the way, good luck seeing what you ordered in the dimly lit room.  I had to take a picture with my iPhone flash on to see how the plate was presented!The straw that broke the camel's back was that we ultimately waiting over 30 minutes to get our check. We wanted to sign to our room at Bellagio and apparently, according to our waiter, their system was down. He came back to inform us that his manager would be taking care of it shortly. Fifteen minutes later, we received our check, and it was inaccurate, so back it went. Our server, looking ever so stressed out, came over to say they were still experiencing issues and that a manager would again be taking care of things.  Twenty minutes later, the manager came over with our check. He did not apologize for the wait, or that the check was wrong . . . he just walked off.  At that point, my husband gave me the bill and told me that he could not bare to fill it out and said "you do it."  Neither of us were sure if it was the waiter or the manager who was at fault, but I called the manager over again and explained that we were quite shocked that the service was so poor. He said he didn't understand, and as I explained that we waited so long for the check, he said, "I'll have a talk with my server. I wasn't aware of it."  The end. Needless to say, I have nothing positive to say about our experience at Kumi. I guess if you are stuck at Mandalay Bay and have a hankering for Japanese, then you might choose Kumi, but if you aren't, there are so many better places . . . including Shef Akira Back's other noted restaurant, Yellowtail.
5	A friend and I were lucky enough to be treated to an all you can eat of Kumi's best rolls and dishes by an employer in Mandalay Bay. Hands down the best Sushi I have ever had. It was full of flavor, originality and even a few comical twists; like pop rocks in one of the rolls which was amazing.Thanks Kumi!!!
5	One of the best sushi places I been to! Just opened up recently too! Very nice customer service and food is extremely good! Yummy!
5	Kumi is a great Sushi spot if you have the paper (or plastic) to support their prices!Highly recommend the Spider Roll and Kumikazi rolls - out of this world! I also had some Bombay Chai tea before the rolls came out.There is a live DJ playing progressive/deep house with a blend of top 40 remixes. Definitely dress up for this spot and there is a bar at the front if you want to watch the talent passing by.Light Group has done well with this venue and will frequent it often.
3	The food was great! A tad bit pricy! I have never felt so rushed to dine though! Glasses were taken away before drinks were finished and rolls came out at the same time as cocktails! Also really loud that we could hardly hear our server speak!
4	I came for dinner with miss Teri W. (thank you for the invite!) and it was a pretty nice treat. If you like Yellowtail, Nobu and such you might really like this place. This is Yellowtail's sister restaurant, in fact, opened up by Chef Akira Back. We had a tasting menu set for us, so we just let the "omakase" come forth and didn't question it. *Yellowtail, serrano chilies w/ ponzu - nice freshness of fish, good, but standard. *White Fish Carpaccio- it was a white fish I could not pin point but the menu says Hirame. I do like the crispy shallot bits in here to set off the fish. *Rock Shrimp Tempura - this was lightly battered then tossed in a mayo based spicy sauce. It's a bit spicy, sweet, savory and had nice crunch. Quite nice. *Crispy rice with tuna - This was nice texture play. Good fresh tuna, nice crunch from the rice, a bit of seaweed, a bit creamy and tangy sauce. *Crispy Calamari - I really loved this as they achieved a lightness in the batter that is hard to achieve. It's damn beautiful in fact when this subtle thing happens . The jalapeno, fish sauce and mint jelly was different of a sauce, but I did enjoy it. I could eat a basket to myself, but you know can't be a heathen. *Toban Filet - They do well with presenting it, coming steaming out a hole of the hot pot and then they unveil it at the table and pour a special soy. Very tender filet mignon and had shiitake and sea beans to accompany it. *Jidori Chicken - good as far as Jidori goes, but it was alright in the scheme of the dinner. It had more of a salty/savory sauce and with the rich puree and kimchee green beans I feel a tiny bit of acid might elevate and cut it to make it better. The crisp of the chicken and the juiciness was good though. *Hot Mess Roll - it was a crab roll topped with various fish like a poke and screaming O sauce. This was decent, but I feel it's weird a high end restaurant doesn't use real crab, but krab. *007 Octopussy - crab salad wrapped with cucumber, topped with spicy tako and crispies. This was a refreshing roll. I really liked the combination of the tako with the cucumber and creamy crab. *Crispy Pork Belly Roll - it's pork belly with skin and fat on topped with cole slaw and had a honey like sauce. This was different and the textures and flavors were lovely together. Great meld of crispy, soft, crunchy, creamy, salty, sweet. A favorite of the night. *Chocolate lava cake - very rich and good, needed more ice cream *Mochi (green tea, chocolate, vanilla) - definitely fresh made. Good, but standard. Service from our main server was friendly enough and our drinks kept filled. The bussers that brought food were rather fast though. They announced and left and there were a few times I had to ask "Did you hear what they said it was?" I just tasted it and figured it out myself and compared that versus the menu to know what dishes were had. It wasn't busy, homie you can slow your roll a little. The pace of the dishes though was fairly good. We had most things coming as we were consuming the last bits of something. It's a plus as I've been to dinners where the pace drags on. I can talk peoples heads off, but few people can commit to sit there for half a day.If you're on the strip and looking for a good Japanese, Japanese Fusion then consider this spot. I'm glad I got to try it. It wasn't really a restaurant on my radar, but that pork belly roll is different enough to order again.
5	have eaten here 4 times and love it.  try the Protein roll, excellent food and fresh, very nice servers and hot hostness, very new, clean vibe, get a reservation
5	I had a great experience at Kumi. I def recommend the protein roll, its light and delicious!! Service was real good too! I will def be back
5	A newly opened sushi restaurant inside the Mandalay Bay is a perfect option for dinner before heading over to Light Nightclub. You can grab a cocktail or a light meal.There is plentiful seating inside with a few tables outside the restaurant to look at the on goers.  There is also seating at the bar where you can see the sushi chefs prepare the fresh hand rolls.The rock shrimp is one of my favorites, as well as the yellowtail sashimi. Both are appetizers that can be shared with another person. The shrimp came out hot and is crunchy and flavorful. The sashimi is a bit spicy with the sauce but it is a nice cut and very soft.The price is a bit on the high end for sushi, but it tastes fresh and made to order. I'd recommend this restaurant to a group of girls for a night out or a date night.
5	Unbelievable. This place is so amazingly great. The chefs are absolute geniuses. Don't miss this place.
5	Great place!  A few of us came here the other day with our vendors as a thank you treat by them so our table was a good sized one.  The server encouraged us to go with the Sous Chef's special platters so we did.  It was great.  Delicious appetizers, sushi/sashimi rolls, entrees (my favorite was the shrimp one with a srirachi-ranch glaze), MORE rolls (guess they noticed we like rolls), and then a nice little dessert platter.  Drinks were great too.  I didn't see the bill so it was nice to be able to focus on just having a great time, and they definitely delivered.  Bussers/Server Assistants were out right away to clear plates and clean up.  Brilliant fine-dining quality service!  Would definitely recommend!
3	Had the honor of the omakasi by Chef, plate after plate it just got better. The menu was not overwhelming it was just enough, vibe is young and hip, bar has a great space, sake selection was top of the line.Hoping for more Korean influenced dishes to come out.
2	I go out for sushi often and am not afraid to go to a high end place or a dive.  This place had decent atmosphere but is as cold as a brick of ice.  The girl and guy bartenders were as warm and friendly as a pile of rocks.  Are you sick of my analogies yet, ok.  Bottom line,  I ordered sashimi - yellowtail, halibut, tuna, and snow crab.  2 pieces eachAnd completely overpriced as most strip sushi places.  However, not as good as others.  Miso soup and a martini too and those were pretty decent.  They were an hour from closing and were doing everything to get ready, as most of us would do.  I get it, you want to go home.  You have a number of customers still so stay focused and serve the customers and maybe warm up a little so they feel like you appreciate their business.  Won't be back.
3	The food is a little above average, to our taste.  Portions are small.  Service is a little above average.  Ambiance is ok. Price is high.  I had one miso soup,  one roll,  two beers,  and it cost me $60.I wouldn't come back.  There are too many better options for me,  even if money were no object.
5	Pretty sure they're trying to live up to them being new... But it's working. Menu items to try: shrimp tempura, yellowtail, seaweed salad, hot mess roll, & crispy pork belly. My favorite thing about this place was the customer service. They even had one guy dedicated to picking up used napkins and scrunched up straw wrappings pretty often. Great at clearing the table, refilling drinks and keeping the place clean. Can't remember the name of the beer but it comes from a brewery in Asia.. Not sold in the states elsewhere I believe. Ask for it, it's worth it!
4	Kumi in two words, "pop rocks" there is literally a roll that has pop rocks inside which was a first for me but an enjoyable first.  The food overall is above par, my favorite roll was the kumikaze which is a mixture of Cajun rubbed salmon and snow crab.  The service is superb and the prices are well high.  $80 plus to do it right per person.  Pop rocks alone are worth the experience!
4	Very good.  Great actually.  Crazy expensive!
5	Having arrived without making a reservation, we were nevertheless promptly seated at the best available table. A waiter immediately showed up to take our order, and the food was served quickly. Being from Los Angeles, we do not lack for good sushi experience, but we were in a serious need of great service. Not only our meal was delicious, but the service was outstanding which impressed us the most. It seems that every person on the floor, from manager to busboy, was involved in customer service. Everyone who passed our table would stop to pour our water or beer. Our orders were brought out by multiple servers, busboys, manager, and even a chef at one time. Any time we wanted to add to our order, our server was around. The entire staff constantly bustle and hustle, and they pay attention. Everything they served tasted fresh and delicious - they definitely lived up to their slogan, "fresh dead fish". The verdict: outstanding food ans service. I highly recommend Kumi for great taste and overall great experience!
3	We had dinner there Nov 2013, it was very good. Very pricey and I will probably not go back because I think I can do just as well for a lot less money. The service did not match the food. They gave us one refill on our coke and we had to ask for that. It was early so they were not busy. The bill was over 300 dollars and we do not drink and that was for my wife and I. Like I said very pricey. I waited for over 20 minutes to get the check after dinner. I am glad the show we were going to was a late show. The spider roll was just okay, but the Blue Fin Belly Sasha mi was good. We had a fillet Mignon dish and it was awesome, small for 48 dollars though. 3 stars because of drink refills, price and slow check service.
4	Screaming Orgasm Sauce...whatever dude.  Lame name and nothing special at all.I've spent quite a bit of time at Mandalay Bay and have eaten here on 3 separate occasions.  Every time has been a wonderful experience.  Service is on top of their game.  There are tons of them hovering around...the most I have ever seen in a restaurant.  My water was never less than half full and dishes came out for the entire table at once, facilitated by multiple servers.The sushi bar is where it is at though.  The O-toro sushi is absolutely amazing and very expensive at almost $40 for 2 bites.  They have some of the freshest fish I have tasted.The food from the kitchen is just ok.  However, the miso black cod is to die for.  They cook it sous vide and it comes out perfectly!  It is a must try if you eat here.  There is also the crispy rice roll, which is memorable.
4	Very good food and service. Nice decor. Just was surprises that a place like this serves imitation crab and not the real stuff
5	I had the chefs tasting menu and loved everything they brought out. And I finally found a place with quality unagi!!!! The service was great and the courses came out in a nice timely order and everything was presented beautifully. Highly Recommend
3	I've been spoiled by costal LA sushi joints, I think.I took a client here for a quick lunch to the tune of $50 a head. Not extremely priced, given that it's supposed to be a nicer sushi place.However, I wasn't particularly impressed. The fish quality was good, but didn't blow my mind, and the portions were not extremely large. I think this place thrives on the lack of alternatives in the area.That said, I enjoyed my meal - I had the lunch combination with chef's selection of nigiri sushi. I think it came with a miso soup and salad, neither of which really stood out, a California roll (which was average at best) and the main course: maybe 6 pieces of nigiri - As I said before all of them were good, but none of them stood out as particularly delectable. I was left unsatisfied, but couldn't find anything on the menu that I could bring myself to order in addition - the only thing that caught my eye was the O-toro, but at $30 for two pieces, I thought it would be excessive for a quick lunch. We ended up ordering and sharing a dessert, which I forgot the name of, but which I found very refreshing. Given my obsession with Sushi, I would probably come back here in a pinch, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
1	I am in the service industry and was appalled by the service here.  These guys couldn't be bothered.  It was dead and they could handle ten people.  I came in for a drink and the bartender was awful.  He seemed like he hates working here.  I waited 20 mins for a drink.  I was disgusted and waited another 20 mins for my check.  Light group should make this establishment go dark.
5	Had the change to dine here last week.  I had the roll with the "pop rocks".  I have to say thay they were amazing.  Jenny , our waitress, was wonderful.  She was on point with drink refills and had the check ready at the conclusion of our meal.  I would highly recommend.
4	Great sushi in town. Will go back again next time again.
5	On arrival we were pleasantly greated with no wait time since we had made resevations earlier in the day. The decor inside was elegant but still modern. Through out the evening the service was excellant, our server herself was very helpful walking us through the house favorites. I personally enjoyed  the rock shrimp tempura, yellowtail serrano and the miso sauce on the pork chop was amazing.Kumi is well worth the price, you can spend a whole evening sampling the great food and drink menu or just pop in for a couple small dishes to kick start your night
5	Omg I love this sushi restaurant! I've been to its sister restaurant, Yellowtail, and i think Kumi is better!The sushi rolls were so amazing! Have to try to Rock Star one... i think that's what it was called. It's the one with pop rocks. It might sound weird but it is definitely worth trying. This is probably my favorite sushi place on the strip!
4	Great place!! The protein roll and hot mess were really special and my favorite ones!!! We also had the 2 chef platter: with rice and the sashimi version. with rice was nicer but nothing too extraordinary and  far from the first 2. Great service also and reasonable price for the food quality and overall experience
4	My gorgeous cousin came into town so my other gorgeous cousin planned a GNO for us with our first stop at Kumi.. We came for their comped ladies dinner... My cousin and her gals were running late but the hostesses did not pressure us about coming in on time. In fact, the manager and chef stopped by at the bar to chit chat with us... When the rest of our party arrived we were seated in their lounge area which is comprised of lower tables.. which are horrible for short dresses BTW! We had lots of different dishes come out ranging from sunomono to rock shrimp to hamachi jalepeno to a delicious pork belly roll... Everything was so nom nom!!!!What stood out more than the food was the amazing service we received from our cutie cocktail server, Gina and the food runner, Christian. Also not to be forgotten... our fellow Korean brothaaas, the manager and the chef... Anyways, we had a GREAT time.. Even Chef Akira was walking around~!!!
5	What an amazing experience! Simon the chef is incredible. Everything was amazing. Absolutely amazing! Best sushi and Japanese food I've ever had!! So so good.
5	I came here with a group of co-workers and we were blown away with the different selections.  Everything from the sushi, calamari, filet mignon, and on were all fantastic.  The portions were generous and we loved it.  I can't recommend this restaurant enough.  It has quickly become our go to place.  The chef went out of his way to check on us and make sure we enjoyed our meal.  Fantastic service!
5	Kumi is for sure the top Japanese restaurant in Vegas. I always make it a point to eat there every time I get out to Vegas! Bartenders are super knowledgeable, Kobe tataki is to die for, ambience is on point, and the music is always great!
5	Me and my girlfriend went last night for a couple apps and cocktails which were both amazing!! The bar staff was upbeat and friendly and knew the menu very well. Our experience there was great, even the managers stopped to ask us how we were doing! I'll definitely be back
2	I would recommend Yellowtai instead. Same chef, much better food and environment. Slightly higher prices, but still worth it.
4	Great full service at the bar. Good food ordered sushi.  Staff was attentive.  Kept my drink full. And very nice.  I'd go back for sure! Not bad for the price.
3	I thought the sushi here was pretty good. The only problem was the prices. This place is WAY too expensive.
5	Wow what an experience! The atmosphere is fun the food is excellent! You feel like family when you walk into the restaurant. The host and Managment go out of their way to ensure that your dinning experience is one to remember. Don't miss out, go to kumi.
4	My friend in Vegas recommended I try kumi before going to the cirque show at Mandalay bay. I was excited to try a new sushi restaurant on my visit. The food was exceptional!  Definitely go for the egg plant appetizer. All the rolls and veggies were fresh and the flavors were unique. The cocktails were also awsome. Try the lychee martini. The only reason I could not rate it 5 stars was because we ordered cocktails and didn't receive them until we were already done eating our entire meal. But they did take them off the bill. So, I appreciated that they recognized the service issue. Overall highly recommend if you are visiting Vegas.
5	I came to the opening of this restaurant last year since then I've been back once or twice I recently went back for dinner group of friends for a birthday. The food is delicious! Pork belly roll & kimchi edamame was amazing! Well done.
4	I sat at the Sushi bar. Food was fresh and tasty. A bit pricy for standard Sushi but good.
3	The sticky rice topped with salmon and a orgasm sauce (or some name as equally banal) was phenomenal. Unfortunately, that was the first dish we ordered, and nothing else lived up to this selection. The rest of what we ordered was fine Japanese small plates - nothing special, but competently done. And at the price point, "competent" is not good enough. The space was nice and modern, but a little cavernous. The service was pleasant. I would not refuse to go back here, yet I would not be the one recommending it.
5	My girlfriend and I along with her coworkers dined at Kumi before taking in a show the other night. Our meal was fantastic. We started off with the Crispy Calamari. It was cooked to perfection and the dipping sauce was amazing. She ordered sushi and I ordered the Jidori Chicken with the Kimchee Green Beans. This is one of their signatures dishes and I can see why. The flavor was outstanding and the portion size was perfect. I even had enough room to eat the rest of my girlfriends sushi! The service was excellent, very attentive and very friendly wait staff with knowledge of the menu. Overall the food and service were great and we would go back in a heartbeat and I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys great sushi and atmosphere.
5	This place was awesome. Great food, beer, drinks and staff. We got there right at five when they opened and the place was instantly filled. But the service was still perfect and the food came fast. We ordered two apps and two rolls. Rock shrimp app, dumpling app, spider roll, and pop rockin roll. All four were beyond great. The entrees looked good and I'm sure they were, but we are going back and sticking with the rolls and apps!
1	Ugh. I could deal with these high priced sushi restaurants if the sushi actually was GOOD, but it NEVER is.  Not one!This is your typical trendy sushi place with extremely high priced rolls that are the size of a quarter.  Not even exaggerating. There isn't even enough room inside the roll to fit anything so it just tasted like rice.  We wanted cocktails too but every single cocktail was $18.  Seriously? I've had plenty of cocktails in vegas and Ive never paid that much for one -- $13-$16 seems to be average, but $18 a glass is just too much. I opted for plum wine instead, which was yummy but still $13 for the glass.My friend had a bento box, she wasn't too impressed.Overall it came out to around $65 for one drink, two small entrees, for LUNCH.  It was basically a snack and none of it was any good.  Waste of money.  If you want sushi in Mandalay bay try Mizuya instead which is in the casino just about 20 feet away from this place.  You can order any cocktails you want for a reasonable price and the sushi rolls are larger and a lot more tasty.
3	God food but not worth the prices they charge.
2	Very unimpressed. The eel and tuna were very fishy tasting. They even forgot the sauce for one of the rolls. The hot mess roll was meh. Not worth the price and the quality is sub par. Fake crab on a $21 roll. Really?  Shishito peppers were delicious. Skip this place. There are far better places to eat at Mandalay Bay and far better sushi in Vegas.
5	Rating this place 5star! The food was excellent! The chef ( simon ) was friendly and checked up on us. He is definitely an expert in Japanese cuisine..This is by far the best Japanese restaurant in town! They have excellent decor, great service and the food was awesome!! You will miss out if you don't dine here
5	Outstanding! In San Francisco we are spoiled with some of the finest world-class sushi restaurants anywhere.This was exquisitely prepared, artistically presented, extremely fresh and served with the most thorough, friendly, obsequious and yet not bothersome service.Rarely do you see a restaurant where the training is evidently focused on teamwork with everyone attending their own tables but also taking responsibility for extreme service across the whole restaurant.Griffin, the manager is definitely skyrocketing in his career for good reason and our server, Lotus (yes, that's as real as she is lovely) is on track to follow all the way up the ladder.My wife (Mary) and I long to return and greatly appreciate being treated so specially.Thank you!Anyone complaining about prices is likely losing at the tables.  ;-)Anyone complaining about anything else just doesn't know any better.Go! Go now!
3	A place like this you expect a high price tag.  In this case it doesn't warrant it.  I think the food is good and had good flavors from what we had.  The flavors are from the sauce once you make the sauce for the day you're done if you're the chef at a restaurant like this.  There must be better prices to get Sushi this good in Vegas because I know I have had good raw fish with {whatever} sauce for much less and in a much more quiet place.The bartender made a hell of a cappuccino martini though.  Maybe the bar is the reason to show up.
4	Have been here twice and will definitely go again. The sushi is phenonominal. Went there for Valentines dinner. Oysters amazing! The lobster was great but two of my pieces had a discussting enormous amount of salt on it, i was upset seeing how it is the most expensive item my husbands side was fine. The dessert was awful (the cake part was just nasty-inedible ) strawberry shortcake is my favorite dessert so I have had it many times. I have never had a good dessert at a Japanese restaurant so I wasn't expecting it to be good. They have a dish called firecracker shrimp it's not balanced, it's bazaar that people like this. I make a homemade remoulade that is perfectly balanced I just think the chef needs to work on this sauce. Jacksonville Florida has mastered this sauce that is served with sushi, that's what trained me. I am extremely picky and never have a perfect meal, as I find a lot of chefs miss it with the balance of flavors. I have dined in very nice restaurants, even Spago  in Beverly Hills. Do you believe that restaurant even messed up my meal. They overcooked my fish.Must try the sushi roll with pop rocks. Also there is another roll with pulled pork I think, amazing. Roy's Hawaiian Fusion (Jacksonville FL)  makes a great roll too with steak, still my number one sushi roll.
3	Atmosphere was excellent. The sushi rolls were good. The salmon I had was prepared not to my liking though. Had the texture of mashed potatoes. It's $16 a pound but prepared poorly. The service was way below average. Took forever for everything. Even to get a water took 15 minutes.
5	beautiful atmosphere, very attentive service, tasty drinks, and a delicious meal :)  the portions were reasonable and light , which was a nice change from the heavier meals we had through the week.  Screaming O was incredible, the fish was so fresh you could just eat that on the top of the roll.  The panna cotta may very well be the best dessert I've ever had.  It was small, light, and perfectly sweetened.  Overall it was an incredible meal.  I will definitely go back .  Also, you don't need a lot of time to eat there, our entire meal was out before the bartender could finish our cocktail order.
5	Outs standing place to eat and enjoy the amazing drinks and great customer service and not to mention the beautiful atmosphere..
1	Four stars for the food and atmosphere, minus three for the service, and I'm being kind. I don't flame restaurants on Yelp (check my profile) but this place was indifferent beyond belief.Our server greeted us not by taking drink orders, but by pitching a "special meal" that would be customized to our tastes and needs. She said they would ask a series of questions about our likes and dislikes, then carefully choose dishes that best suited us for ""somewhere between $60-100 per person." (A plus/minus of $300 for our crowd of seven.) I firmly told her no and that each of us would order what we wanted, partly because we had a vegan and two people with food allergies, but the server continued to sell the idea to others at the table until we relented.Immediately dishes began coming--with no drink order taken, without the promised interview, with no consideration to the allergies we mentioned, with virtually no explanation of the dishes being served, and with no vegan entrees until we complained an hour into the meal. Our server apparently left about two thirds of the way through the meal without explanation--a half hour went by before another checked in with us. And for this we paid a $100 tip.The food was good, occasionally very good, but not enough to mitigate service this incompetent. Go elsewhere. (And you might also ask yourself why so many of the positive reviews here mention the names of the chef, the shift manger, the bartender, etc. --details a legitimate reviewer would seem very unlikely to know.)
4	Yummy creative rolls. The pork belly roll was unique and delicious (and  I'm not normally a pork belly fan). They have a great eggplant digs as well. I would definitely go back and try them again. The only bummer was that the service was a little slow. We weren't sure how much food to order so the server said we could order our first round of food and then if we wanted more we could do a second round. This sounded like a great idea to us, unfortunately before any food even came out a different server came to the table and said the kitchen was closing and it was our last chance to order more food...
4	We had an excellent meal at Kumi. Super expensive, so I have a suggestion for you to spend less than we did and still have a great meal.We had a large party of 11, so our main server, Greg, suggested the omakase menu, which means you leave it up to the server/kitchen to bring you what they think is best and then they charge you for what you eat. We had people in our group who don't eat sushi, shellfish, spicy food, etc., etc., so Greg said they could accommodate that. What ended up happening is that we had about 12 dishes come for the table, in multiples of 2 or 3 plates, and then an additional 5-6 dishes come for individuals with special preferences.  With drinks, this added up to a little more than $200/person (dinner/drinks/tip).  Wow! Thankfully, this was on the company dime, but still, that seems crazy.If you don't want to spend $200/person, I would suggest you eat here and still do an omakase menu, but restrict the server to a number of dishes you think you would have gotten if you were ordering on your own. If I had to do it again, I would still order for the table, so everyone could sample different dishes, but for eleven people, I would ask the server to bring a combination of 5 cool/warm plates (2-3 orders each for the table) and 3 entrees (2-3 orders for the table and have them cut up the chicken/lamb chops/beef for sharing). After that, if people were still hungry, I would order more.Better yet, if you have a large party and you have someone who can put together a menu, you can plan the menu in advance so you end up with the equivalent of 3 dishes per person in terms of cost and have the right spread of food that will accommodate your party's particular tastes. I do so below as an example of what I would do.The service was attentive and excellent.  I've  noticed other reviewers complain about service.  I'm not sure if our service was good, partly because we let the kitchen/Greg pick what they brought to the table.  It may be another argument for doing the omakase menu.Here's what Greg ended up sending to the table, and you will see it was an exercise in excess:Crispy rice with seared tuna and screaming O sauce: this is EXCELLENT. I would recommend ordering this.  If people don't like sauce, tell them not to pour it over the tuna.  The sauce is great, creamy and a little spicy.Yellowtail serrano in yuzu sauce. Another excellent dish.  I would order this again.Seared abalone in onion ginger sauce. Not a favorite for the table.  I would not order this again.Seaweed salad.  I love seaweed, but people didn't really eat this at all.Rock shrimp tempura. Very good.Miso black cod.  Very good.  Salmon. Good, but if I picked between the cod and salmon, I would get the cod.Toban filet with mushrooms.  This was popular at the table. We love beef! Sashimi tray.  This was very good, but by the time it came, we were sashimi-ed/seafood-ed out.  It was a waste on top of the seared tuna, yellowtail serrano, and seared abalone mentioned above.Lobster with butter.  People loved this.For the people who didn't like what was coming to the table ...1got Colorado lamb chop -- Delicious and perfectly cooked.  People who were on her end of the table ate off her plate, as she shared.1 got the chicken -- Delicious. The skin was particularly crispy.1 got a cucumber salad -- crisp and light, mushroom roll -- perfectly executed, eggplant -- this is awesomely flavorful and worth ordering, veggie tempura -- looked good, but I didn't try it.If I had to do it over again, I would plan out the menu myself in advance for this large a party and tell them what we wanted.  In our case, for a crowd that prefers meat to fish and based on what I now know from our expansive dinner, I would do the following for our party of 11:COLD DISHESCrispy rice with seared tuna and screaming O sauce (3 orders)Yellowtail serrano in yuzu sauce (2 orders)House salad or cucumber salad (2 orders) -- just to have some veggiesPop rocks roll (2 orders) -- I've read this on other reviews and would like to try it.Pork belly roll (2 orders) -- I've read this on other reviews and would like to try it.WARM PLATESRock shrimp tempura  (2 orders)Veggie tempura (1 order -- for the non-shellfish eater in the group)Crispy calamari (3 orders)Kimchi edamame (2 orders)Gyooza (3 orders)Japanese eggplant (3 orders)Lobster with butter (3 orders) ENTREES Seared beef with mushrooms (2 orders)Jidori Chicken (2 orders)Colorado Lamb Chop (2 orders)With this type of ordering, it adds up to about 3 dishes per person -- still pricey but manageable.For drinks, I think beer and sake are best with Japanese food.  We got two bottles of the Dragon Slayer sake, which was excellent.
4	My boyfriend and I will plan ahead and eat a cheap lunch just so we can splurge at Kumi that night. It is definitely some of the best sushi I've ever had. I wish it was a little less pricey--but its Vegas, and you're paying for quality here. The crispy rice and Hot Mess roll are both my favorite items on the menu. I really wish I knew exactly what is in that "Screaming O" sauce because it is incredible. I would recommend ordering anything that includes it. I also like the pop rocks roll--so creative! The shrimp tempura roll and rock shrimp appetizer (kinda like bang bang) are both good.. but not "must orders". I also enjoy the pork belly roll, but it is a little bit sweet for my liking. The signature cocktails all look amazing. I've tried the Peachy Keen and loved it.It would be cool if Kumi opened for lunch.. I think during conventions it would be a popular spot! (but they do have a nighttime type of atmosphere going on) Can't wait for my next trip to Vegas and Kumi!
1	Worst excuse for a high priced restaurant.   Where do i begin.   We were a party of 8, three couples and two teenagers.   We were seated and of course,  we had the unfortunate experience of a half naked,  stripper looking girl seated just besude us.  I complained to our waiter but he said,  this is vegas and there is not much we can do.   That's a bunch of b.s.  I've been to plenty of fine dining establishments in Vegas and never saw this before.  If she wasn't acting in an explicit manner it would've been ok.   But remember we had two young girls with us.  Moving on,  we ordered the hot mess, which our waiter ranted and raved about,  but never brought it out nor did he come and ask how our food was or if were missing something?  Yes idiot you forgot our hot mess.   Also ordered fillet mingon, salmon, chicken,  and rib eye.  All portions were ectremely tiny.  So if you're starved this won't cut it.   For the money we spent i wouldve expected much better food and service.   The worst part of all, we got our food in intervals.  So we didn't all get to enjoy our dinner together as a family.  Instead we watched one eat while the other waited for theirs.  Waste of money,  will never go to kumi and will NEVER recommend this place to any of my cali friends who frequent vegas a lot.  Very disappointing!!!!
3	I wouldn't bother with this place when there are so many other choices in Vegas.  Even though the pricey steak was good it seemed there was more fat than steak, and the spicy tuna rolls were extremely mediocre.  Service started out great, then seemed to disappear entirely by the end of our meal. And as usual the wait staff turn on the "charm" when it's time for the bill to be paid!
1	If I could give it zero stars I would. Such a huge disappointment, OMG. So we had planned to eat at this amazing sushi bar after we enjoyed the cirque show (Michael Jackson One), we even had reservations. Unlike a lot of the other yelpers I give the service the star and the food, well nothing. We order sashmi only, since it being a high end restaurant that's what you order, well they literally pulled it out of the fridge behind the sushi bar, already sliced and wrapped in cellophane, added some sauce and handed it over. Really, already sliced, is this a deli? It was cold like the fridge and bland as cardboard. Two plates were like this, one albacore sashmi and one yellow tail sashmi, both sucked.We asked for the check. The chefs noticed that we were unhappy and sent the head waitress to ask what was wrong. I can't remember her name, but she was kind and just wanted to know what the issue was. I told her about the plates and how pulling them out of the fridge in front of the customer was tacky. I also went on to tell her that, I live in San Diego and our sushi is quite amazing. She went on to defend the restaurant by saying they do that to save time cause they are busy. I pointed out that it was Monday night and their was only one other couple at the sushi bar with three chefs, busy really.In the end, not even a comp on our drinks was offered, we were literally in there no more than 15 mins. I didn't see any care for their customers satisfaction, other than asking what they did wrong. Sad that we go to Vegas a lot, this could have been one of our regular spots, oh well, they lose.1 glass of wine1 Ichiban Beer1 plate albacore1 plate yellow tail1 order mackerelwith tip$90.00That night, no dinner. :(
2	I can't tell you I'm fan of Kumi. I've been to many many sushi houses over the years -- the vast majority of which frankly are better than Kumi. They bill themselves as having an imaginative sushi menu. The most imaginative item on the menu was the crispy pork roll that was served with coleslaw. It was tasty and it is a bit unusual but very pricey at $25 for what you get. Other than that there was nothing on this menu that was what I would consider "original" or unusual. That theme follows through with the rest of their sushi /sashimi which was from a portion perspective small, and from a price perspective very high. Nothing wrong with the quality -- it was pretty much the same as most  sushi restaurants I've been to. We were there at 9:30 or so on a Thursday night and it appears to me they were anxious to close, so  the service left a lot to be desired.Frankly if you want to find sushi in Las Vegas, there are many better alternatives. The small place at the very back of Harrahs - which although I can't remember the name -- was an outstanding value and considerably more imaginative then Kumi.If you don't mind having your wallet vacuumed of money and leaving hungry then Kumi is the place for you!
5	What a great experience!!!Chef Simon came out to greet us and we just handed him the menus and said do what  you want with us, and boy did he.   We had the most beautiful plates hit the table.  Delicate raw carpaccio in a couple different forms, pork chop,  ribeye, creative rolls (pop rocks!) even foie gras which we can't have in California any more.  It was one of our most memorable dining experiences .  Thank you Kumi and Chef Simon,,we love you.
4	We shared the Pop Rock roll, Crispy Pork Belly, Spicy Tuna, Shrimp Tempura and Edamame. All were fabulous - especially the Pop Rock roll (I know it's gimmicky, but it's actually good, too) and the coleslaw-Pork Belly combination. Great atmosphere and friendly staff. Perfect  spot before the Michael Jackson Cirque show.
1	Very disappointing. I was anticipating some fabulous food from Akira Back. The portions were small relative to the price, and there was nothing special or really unusual. $18 for all mixed cocktails, $35 for 2 sashimi slices of O Toro, $29 for a 5oz piece of Cod with miso appetizer, etc. And we even asked our waiter about the sizes of the portions of what we ordered beforehand, as the prices seemed so high. I wouldn't have minded the fact that it was incredibly expensive if the quality, taste and creativity matched. Unfortunately, we left feeling robbed and hungry!
3	Overall I thought the food was a little above mediocre, and the prices were somewhat reasonable or overpriced.This place is a high end japanese restaurant so don't expect to order the way you might at AYCE. For example, the miso soup alone is $6 and a small bottle of sake is about $50. But it's definitely quality over quantity. To start off, the fish is super fresh here (obviously or it wouldn't be so expensive). I give them points for creativity and as some dishes were delightfully surprising, some were plain out wrong (to me, of course). For starter plates, definitely try the miso cod (don't be shocked by the size, I was told it's considerably large). It was cooked perfectly! Melts in your mouth like butter. The seared tuna on top of crispy rice is good too. I wasn't a fan of the crispy rice part but the tuna was yummy.Their rolls are really the stars there. Rolls you should order for sure: hot mess, fireball (hot!), pork belly and toro with scallions. Do not order the pop rock roll! It was recommended to us, and although I understand the concept is to have the watermelon pop rocks compliment the sushi, it did nothing but remind me that I was eating candy with sushi! I never liked pop rocks as a kid and I didn't like it in my dinner.Atmosphere was nice and elegant. Service was impeccable. The hostess was really sweet about helping us with a high chair for my nephew and putting us at a good table. The server was helpful and recommended as best as she could. Even the food runners are really polite in presenting your dish.Tip: They said it's a kid friendly place when we called ahead but to be honest it's not. It's great for a girls night out or a date.
1	While the sushi I had was great, I can't in good conscience recommend this place. They sell bluefin tuna which is highly endangered.
3	Sushi here wasn't that great... Servers were nice and helpful but chefs weren't customer friendly... Sad... And their cuts of fish was minuscule.... I'd rather save the Japanese food craving for Torrance or Orange County... More like a tourist thing... Oh well it's Vegas..
4	Needed a pre-show spot before the Lionel Richie/Cee Lo Green concert and this place is around the bend from the Mandalay Bay Events Center.  It's really  pricey for sushi and tapas.  Maybe if we were on an expense account,  it would be okay, but for Vegas locals who can find awesome AYCE sushi and happy hours elsewhere it wasn't the best deal.  Oh well, it's a high rent district.  There were good points--hostesses and servers were very nice and prompt.  Cocktails mixed right and generously sized.  Gyoza hot, tasty and a cool presentation all in one slab, nice thin wrapping, with a red ginger sauce.  Seoul Garden sushi roll with spinach, carrots, cukes and shiitake mushrooms topped with a spicy korean sauce was almost too gorgeous to eat, but we devoured it all.  The location was also tres bien for people watching!
3	Visitng the hotel is a great experience while stopping by for some sushi. At kumi you should try tye yellow tail, I have tried albacore sashimi and it so so (kind of pricey)  But i guess that what you when your at the vegas strip. Over all its located by the shops and is a great place for quick sushi. No one checked up on us, or perhaps i should say rachel, while we were sitting down and ordered which was after we got our own menus and chased down the waitress. Its not pleasant to sot wait wait wait and chase down people
1	RIP OFF!!!!My wife and I got there before 6pm and while ordering we were told they are out of Eggplant, really?? So the option was to substitute a $38 Filet Mignon dish with Tofu. The sashimi was quite good but overpriced. The tofu was just ok. The real shocker was the price of the dish, they kept it at $38. This was really not ok and I've never experienced this before. So be careful while ordering.The the servers just don't care to make any corrections, they simply said it's their policy. Whatever.I will never go back!
1	Great place but don't be in rush.. Service was so bad we switched to a new place red square Russian place and right away on it
2	I really was excited about trying this place out, and I REALLY want to give it more stars, but the experience was just so bad for me.We came in here about a week ago on a Sunday night for a friend's birthday dinner.  We had reservations for a party of 40+ people.  My friend had planned it, and the dinner guests was comprised of a bunch of his buddies from LA and other cities.  The food was okay, but the service is where it kinda lacked for me.  First off, our server gave everyone the option to either do a la carte or the prix fixed menu for $75.  Sounds good, right?  We ordered and the night kept going on...  Fortunately, we got our drinks, cuz I REALLY would have been disappointed if I wasn't liquored up lol...  My boyfriend and I got the prix fixed menu--it sounded like it was gonna be good.  Everyone around us pretty much ordered a la carte; their food came out first, and from then on I regretted ordering the prix fixed deal.  After about half an hour of waiting, after watching everyone finish their a la carte meal, small plates of sushi were being delivered to the middle of the tables.  I was so confused because I thought I was paying $75 for my own plate, not to share with a bunch of people that just had food.  This is something that the server forgot to mention--the prix fixed deal was served "tapas style."  Had I known that, I would have spent $75 on an a la carte dinner just so I wouldn't have to share.  So lame.  I was so hungry, and they were only putting out like one plate per 4 or 5 people.  I think the server got the point, saw the hungry look on our faces half way through our meal and brought out more food.  Only this time it was too late; people were already filling up on the little scraps that were already out (I snacked on so much edamame).  It was terrible because there was so much food left over.  I felt so bad.  I really wish they would have just anticipated to bring out that much food to begin with.  Finally, the bill. OMG. IT. TOOK. FOREVER. Literally took an hour to get the bill.  I don't know why, but it did.  And it was terrible.  The server was so overwhelmed.  At one point she even said, "That's it, I give up, I don't know what to do anymore."  Everyone had a separate check, some people had cards, some people had cash, some people ordered a la carte, others ordered the prix fixed, and everyone had different drinks.  So I can see how confusing it can easily get.  I don't know if it was her first time serving a big party like this, but she really didn't seem to know what she was doing--as pretty as she may have been.Okay, I'm done ranting.  Let me share some of the things that I DID like.  The ambiance is really pretty.  Dim.  They've got this sexy Asian decor going on.  I dug it.  The cocktail/beer/wine menus were on iPads (I still don't get why iPads don't have full menus on them).  I tried the lychee sake martini drink.  That was tasty.  The prix fixed menu wasn't terrible.  The rolls were nothing to rave about, but the sashimi dishes were amazing!  I'd go back there for some of those!  The rock shrimp was also pretty good.  Overall, I probably would have given this place 3 or 4 stars.  The other staff members were actually pretty attentive (my water glass was always filled to the brim; I was never thirsty for water lol).  It's just that one main girl server that had to ruin it for me. *sigh* I'll probably try this place again some other time.  The wound is still too fresh for me to go back there anytime soon, however.  Some day, I'll give you another chance, Kumi, someday.  But until then, 2 stars for you, bro.
4	Ambiance is 4 stars. Service is 4.5 stars. Food is 3.5 stars. Great dinner, but for price looking for more of an oophm. However, our server made great recommendations and we had a good time and our taste buds were delighted.
2	I came in with high expectation but the food is nothing but meh, hotmess roll tastes like a big chunk of rice and imitation crab top with spicy mayo sauce, the Sakana plate ( chef choice) came in a small portion and the chef gave us egg for a sashimi platter?! Rip off:( last but not least... The rock shrimp tempura,it taste like those fried popcorn shrimp I can find in any Chinese restaurant, it also came with tons of saucy grease, I know which restaurant to avoid when I come to Vegas next time.
5	Easily the best meal I've ever had. Every dish we ordered was solid. I would definitely recommend this place for anybody who wants to try something new. It is truly rewarding to the taste buds!
5	5 stars across the board.  Food, service, ambiance. My wife and I went with my parents and asked Chef Simon to send whatever he liked out to us (Omakase menu).  It did not dissapoint.  Everything was well balanced with clean flavors.  My favorites?  The filet mignon, jidori chicken, and the crispy rice with seared tuna. And then there was dessert!  We tried them all and they were each pleasantly satisfying in their own way. I forget the name, but one was designed to taste like the Korean melon bars.  10 stars for that one.All around it was a great night out just before all of the UFC festivities.
3	Really enjoying the food and ambiance but the service here could use a little work. im in the middle of eating a spicy roll and ran out of water... WAITED OVER 10 minutes to find a server to get me some water! besides that the place is pretty cool if youre not all about service
3	Atmosphere is very upscale light fun. Sushi was excellent. Tempura was undercooked. Dirty martinis are excellent.
2	It was really fun and fancy environment. The music was really good!! BUT, the sushi was ok not impressive. The roll was not ok for the size and the taste. I am not sure I will come back. This must be my first and last visit.
4	I'm not sure why this place gets such bad reviews. I was skeptical having read some of the 1 and 2 star reviews on Yelp, but went with a group and found the service - and food - to be really really good. The crispy rice app was superb, and the filet entree was incredible. I would definitely go back!
5	Went there for dinner last night...last day during our stay at MB.  Would I give this place five stars on every night?  Perhaps not, but on this night it was excellent.  Our server (James) was efficient and friendly with great recommendations.  Attentive servers all around to clean our table when necessary and provide drink refills.  The "Crispy Rice" appetizer is very good...just bite the bullet on the price at $21...I've not had anything like it.  We also ordered three sushi rolls (spicy tuna, yellowtail and spicy salmon), the green beans side and vegetable tempura.  I would pass on the tempura...not a lot of flavor and you don't get much given the cost.
4	Overall this was a great experience. We ordered the miso black cod, the toban filet, the eel roll and several other pretty standard rolls.  The toban filet with mushrooms just melts in your mouth and the cod was fantastic. Our server was Rachel and she was attentive friendly and helpful. It was fairly expensive but to be expected given its location in the Mandalay Bay Hotel.
1	Definitely a rip off.  Flavor of the foods wasn't that great either.  quantity def does not equal to the price.  Miso soup was $6. Tasted like the miso soup you get in a package.  Rice was $3.  Ambience was okay.  Definitely never going back to this place.  Not worth it.  My group of 15 ended up splitting up afterwards and finding more food to eat.
5	Would give more stars if I could! We went twice during out last trip because the service and food was so good. The crispy rice appetizer is the best thing I have ever eaten. We got two of them each time we went! I got the hot mess roll which was delicious and we also got the filet which was awesome! The first night we got the lava cake for dessert and the second night we got the ice cream covered in rice pudding- both were delicious! The sake is very good too!
5	This ended up being my favorite restaurant on this trip. Funny because we just chose it on a whim since we'd just flown in. As we enjoyed superior service and amazing fish, like the hot mess, we were wasting our experience looking on our phones for our last night "fancy" dinner. See review for mix. I wish we would have just returned here!
3	The good:  Japanese scalllop.  The Wasabi.   The Octopus.  The pork belly roll.The 'needs work':  DJ volume too loud for our conversation.   Maybe ok for a hot date because you will need to sit closer to talk.  Bus boys interrupting conversations (better training?).    Table water tasted like crap.
4	Just open for over a year this place has a great sake list - try Wandering Poet or Happiness. Service is fast and if you ask questions very informative. Be sure to try the Rock Shrimp and if you want a different sushi roll go for the Hot Mess - spicy but good. Same owner as Yellow Tail over at the Bellagio. Manager Sara stopped by our table  to make sure food and service was excellent. It was and she was very knowledgable about the menu, the chef, and had several suggestions.
4	Great place! Highly recommend the Hot Mess!!! It is by far the bomb! The spicy tuna roll was great since so small and yummy. Also the fireball roll was definitely tasty too!
3	I never saw the sushi chefs (behind the counter) prepare anything.  All the food came from the kitchen.  That struck me as odd....Sushi was good.  7.5 out of 10 stars.Hot mess was nothing too special despite all the positive reviews.  Way too much going on inside that roll.Crunchy Rice dish was unique and tasty.Lower level of restaurant is way too dark.Upper area looked cool but it was closed.Good variety of unique Japanese beers you willnt find at sushi-boat spots.Good food presentations.
4	Better....make sure you are ready to splurge....as this is definitively not a place to go cheap.
4	Kumi's service was a little strange and the meal was definitely pricey, but the food was DELICIOUS!!  I dined at Kumi for Restaurant Week and ordered the prix fixe menu of Miso Soup, Toban Filet, and Mochi Ice Cream.  I also ordered a "Hot Mess" roll.  The Hot Mess roll was SCRUMPTIOUS!  I would absolutely recommend it.  It was a bit pricey (about $25) and only came with 5 pieces.  The crab and sashimi poke were fresh, and I loved the crunchy pieces on top of it.  The "Screaming O" sauce is a bit on the spicy side, but not overwhelming.  I am not sure what kind of seaweed it was wrapped in, but it was delicious as well.  The Toban Filet was AMAZING!  They served it sizzling in a Japanese skillet and poured a ponzu sauce on it.  The filet was perfectly cooked (of course, a little rare - just how I like it), and was so soft and flavorful!  I also appreciated that it came with mushrooms.  The shoyu-based sauce was savory and complemented the filet perfectly.The Miso Soup was mediocre and a very small serving -- definitely not worth the $6 they usually sell it for.  My friend had the edamame, which was also mediocre, but a very generous serving.  The mochi ice cream was delicious!  If this is your first time trying it, it is definitely a must have!The service was a little strange.  They were very attentive, but kept making mistakes.  My friend had sparkling water and I had flat water, but they kept trying to fill my glass with sparkling water.  Additionally, twice during my meal, they tried to take my dish away when I was not yet finished.  It seems that they were trying very hard to be efficient and alert, but it ended up backfiring on them.The ambiance was very high-energy, but also dimly lit.  It appeared that they were trying to create a more formal environment, but the loud music made it informal.  Two of us were seated in a booth that seemed like it was designed for four, so that was strange.  If you are trying to impress a date, be specific when you make your reservations to ensure you get the right table.  It looked like there was a well-decorated area on the opposite end of the restaurant, and I would love to be seated there next time.All in all, the food was delicious, but was definitely overpriced - especially in consideration of the strange service and ambiance.  If you are someone who is not very price sensitive, then I would definitely recommend it because the food was scrumptious!  If you are price sensitive, then you could certainly find a better value elsewhere.
4	The Strip is overpriced no matter where you go, so don't let that be your top decision factor.  This place isn't too insultingly expensive anyway, relatively speaking. The food quality is most important and I was not disappointed. From the seafood to the landfood, everything was very fresh at Kumi. Nothing negative to say about any of the items served to our table. Yummy! The service could use some polishing. The staff was a bit awkward and couldn't figure out a natural timing to things like when to bring/take plates. They were quick and polite but not engaging.
5	I knew this place would be good, because I have been to Akira Back's restaurant Yellowtail before.  I wasn't disappointed.  The Crispy Rice appetizer with the Blackened Tuna was really good.  I also had the Pop Rockin Roll and Blue Fin.  The Sushi was really good.  But the thing that was over the top fantastic was the Toban Filet.  It is served in a hot bowl with Mushrooms and Broth.  It is to die for good!  It was on the rare side and just melted in your mouth.  I would go back just for that.  The dessert was really good as well.  A little spendy, but I don't mind if the food is good and it was!  The service and decor are also great.  We will definitely be going back to Kumi!!
2	Great Atmosphere... But thats it. Don't want to go back
5	I gave 5 stars just for the dragon bowl. Seriously! However everything else that we ordered was great, especially sushi rolls. Don't bother to order dinner. The salmon and steak weren't good. Overall we were happy w this place. Highly recommended
4	Pricey but delicious, and worth the experience. Service was quick and nice. My party of 2 asked to sit at the sushi bar. I enjoyed seeing an actual Japanese chef making the sushi for us. Watching him make sushi engulfs you and makes you completely forget you're waiting. Ordered:-Japanese Eggplant: it's small and sweet-Hot Mess: a lot going on in one roll, definitely something that will fill you up-Pop Rockin': has pop rock candy in it for a slightly sweet, slightly popping sensation in your mouth-Kumikaze: yummy, but the lemon is somewhat overpowering. -Toro scallion: delicious blue fin tuna- but really small pieces of 8- could devour in less than a minuteInterior design is gorgeous- the Sakura tree on the wall really gives off a warm, relaxing ambience.
4	My family and I decided to try Kumi our first night in Las Vegas this past month. Being sushi fanatics, we ordered an borderline-obnoxious amount of spicy tuna rolls, various maki and sashimi and I have to say... BEST SUSHI I'VE EVER HAD! The service we received was exceptional. The only critique I have is that our waiter was coming off a little "salesy" at first, trying to push certain drinks and dishes our way. This could very well have been due to the fact that he was new and was still trying to find his voice.I was surprised by how fast the dishes arrived at our table. This allowed us to try more things off the menu and overall made the evening more enjoyable. Kumi is definitely a place I'd recommend to anyone staying at Mandalay Bay!
4	Ok so the highlight for me was the atmosphere and the prompt service!  The sushi was definitely above average and the cold/hot plates were very good.  It is a little pricey but I guess it is vegas and inside an upscale casino so bring or win some greenbacks!
5	I came here with my girlfriend and didn't really know what to expect. We were interested in the Japanese/Korean inspired dishes. We went with Chef Simon's recommendations and went with their Omakase menu.  We didn't realize what we got ourselves into...but we definitely did not go back to our hotel room hungry!We ended up getting a total of 7 dishes and 2 desserts. My favorites were the whitefish carpaccio, the rock shrimp tempura, toban filet and I really enjoyed the flavor of the kimchee edamame. I've never had edamame like this before and it really worked well together...but be warned that it is a little spicy! The filet was delicious and was cooked perfectly and had a good balance of asian inspired flavor and meatiness to it.I also was recommended a Japanese beer that I hadn't had before: Koshihikari Echigo. This was dang good beer and worked well with the food. I kind of wish we had some sashimi with the meal, but I was too stuffed by the end to intake any more than what came out. All in all, we had great service, nice ambience, delicious food and although a bit on the pricey side...most folks are expensing this stuff to their work anyway right?! So go ahead, splurge a little with your (hopeful) Vegas winnings and indulge!
3	We stopped by here before catching a show on a Saturday night. We tried the hamachi sashimi which tasted really fresh and melts in your mouth. We also tried the hot mess rolls which were just OK and not anything to write home about. Reminded me of the rolls at 808 tapas but just pricier. The server was nice and quick to bring us our check when we asked so we could catch our show but when we first got there it took them a while to bring us our menus and when I ordered a drink it didn't get to us until we were done with our meal.
5	I have no complaints for this place. Granted it is almost like a photocopy of Yellowtail when it comes to the menu, but that's fine with me. Because they both taste amazing. Rock shrimp tempura is out of this world. Also how can you not want to get a sushi roll that has pop rocks in it?!?!  It makes you smile just by eating it. The cocktail list also out of this world. The green geisha mmmm so good. A must try newish restaurant at Mandalay.
5	I organized a large dinner party here following a conference, and everyone was impressed. We left it up to the kitchen, and they produced three courses of beautifully presented shared plates, highlights being the blistered peppers, miso cod, the sashimi platter, and a smoking hot kobe steak. They also have some great cheeky rolls -- everyone loved the one with pop rocks.The cocktails are elaborate and delicious, and service was perfect -- they were really accommodating and went above and beyond taking care of our large group.
5	Amazing food. Buttery black cod, flavourful ribeye that melts in your mouth. Crispy rice with tuna was fabulous. I always come here when I do conventions in Vegas. Do not miss it!
1	The food is amazing. Perfect. 5 stars. But for some reason they assault you with super loud techno music like you are a stoned teenager looking for a rave. Do not eat here if you want to hear your friends at the table. Great place to eat at the sushi bar if wearing noise canceling headphones.
5	Went to kumi for dinner last weekend , what a night. The food was terrific. Flavors and spices on the different entrees we so good. The service made our night that much better. Christina made us feel like VIP's. If you get the chance to dine here, do it.  You will be in for a treat.
5	I recommend the Protein Roll. It is very fresh seafood roll without any rice. Delicious.  Very expensive but the food was fantastic.
5	We had drinks and apps in the bar area sitting at one of the cozy couch tables. Our server, (Christina I think?) was bubbly, attentive, courteous and professional. Drinks were fabulous! I had a peach drink from the cocktail menu that was on an iPad. We shared an excellent rock shrimp tempura appetizer. The edamame wasn't great, though. I'd skip it. I would love to return for dinner since the service was so great.
3	Decent sushi option. Sat quickly, good service, nice ambiance. Enjoyed the DJ. Typical Vegas resort pricing, no value here.Try the Pop Rockin' roll for something fun and different.
4	Let me start off by saying I eat sushi three or four times a month back home... This was good, but by no means the best I have had.   The cuts of sushi were thin but fresh.  The prices were expensive for what you get but if you factor in a cab ride to an off strip sushi place it might be OK.
5	Great experience.  The beginning was rough.  Started with a wait of 30 min, then to 40 min then finally we told the manager some people who waited before us got seated.  He immediately grabbed menus and seared us.  He apologized and made sure a server took out order and offered us a complimentary drink.  Problem was rectified and the rest of the evening was great.  Service was great and the food was amazing.  I'm a believer of guest satisfaction and they did I above and beyond with taking good care of us.
3	I sat at the bar with my hubby and had a drink while he had his sushi fix.  He got the pop-rocking roll which he said was DELICIOUS.  We both found the menu VERY pricey.  I know it's Vegas, but the Jidori Chicken with Kimchee green beans was $30--that seemed high to me.  That being said, I actually considered it until the chef declined my request to substitute the Kimchee green beans for asparagus.  Keep in mind that both the asparagus and Kimchee green beans are $8 side dishes.  HMMMM.....was the chef even asked or did the waitress just want to "up-sell" us?  I'm thinking it was an "up-sell" tactic to get me to pay $30 for the entree and another $8 for the asparagus.  Sorry, going to go to a Japanese restaurant and paying $38 for chicken and asparagus doesn't sound appealing to me in any venue, let alone Vegas.  Not a big deal, my hubby enjoyed his roll and all was good.
4	Creative signature rolls. I enjoyed the kumukaze roll well enough, but the yellow tail sushi was delicious! pricey, but it's Vegas, so it's expected.
4	We ate here twice while in town for UFC 181. Over the two visits we enjoyed; the toban filet, the crispy pork roll, the kamikaze, aji, kani, hamachi, uni, ikura, anago, unagi, lava cake, green tea cake, and the candy bar. I recommend them all.Prices are a little steep and service was a bit slower the second time when (when they were far busier).Overall, a good place.
2	Las Vegas has some great sushi restaurant's,  kumi is not one of them.  The service was decent but the sushi was not fresh and over priced.  If you are looking for good sushi on the strip my recommendation is Japonais at the Mirage.
1	I should have listened to all the bad Yelp reviews... Wanted convenience because we were staying at Mandalay Bay. Ordered the $35 bluefin and it was verrry fishy, two puny pieces that were off color. The waiter said he would see what he could do. Zero follow up.    Other dishes were very skimpy on the fish. Had to ask for water refills. 150$ later we left hungry and grumpy about our anticlimactic ending to an otherwise amazing Vegas trip.
1	This place is HORRIBLE! Too pricey for the lack of freshness of the sashimis! It's actually laughable how this place garners customers. Their sashimi special is nothing special; slices are thin and small, and definitely not fresh. Granted, it's on the strip, but it shouldn't suck this much my goodness. Servers weren't attentive and also not knowledgable with their menu. Horrible horrible horrible.
5	Wow, totally surprised by the several recent 1-star reviews!  I personally had an excellent visit to Kumi.  First of all, how nice was it for me that it was a short walk from my hotel room at Delano, followed by another short walk to the Michael Jackson One show after dinner?!  Had a nice start to our dinner as my reservation request was honored and we were seated at a very spacious booth with a great view of the whole restaurant.  We were immediately greeted by our server who was courteous, professional, and attentive, and our water glasses were automatically refilled by different workers throughout our meal.  We were provided with a tablet with pictures and descriptions of their cocktails, which was great for me because I'm someone who often picks drinks based on their looks and garnishes :p  I picked the Cherry Blossom because it had a pretty flower in the picture :p  Luckily it tasted really good!  The food was delicious!  We ordered their Crispy Rice (my favorite!!), Rock Shrimp Tempura, Yellowtail Serrano, Miso Black Cod, and dessert that I forgot the name of but was good :p  My taste buds enjoyed every single dish!  I must say that prices are high and portions small, so this is more of a "once in awhile splurge" kind of place.  However, we did not leave hungry and were more than satisfied with our meal and our whole experience in general at Kumi :)
