2	Overpriced.  Carne Asada fries is $9.16!  Carne asada chips is $8 (about $.50-1.00 more than most places)  The chips are already expensive.  Why does it cost an extra $1.16 to substitute fries?I had a california burrito.  It didn't have guacamole.  The first rule of carne asada is that it should always have guacamole.
1	grossssssss. carne asada fries ($9.15) does not compare to roberto's or fausto's or amigo's tacos! we ordered carne asada fries. it was soggy french fries, the sour cream was clumpy, and it has refried beans and onions in the salsa. me no likey. and in addition, we came late, at like 1am. only 1 table was cleaned off, and the only person that was working their at that time, didn't speak to us AT ALL! she didn't greet us hello. and literally nodded everything. what kinda service is that? anywayyyys, want your carne asada fries fix, go somewhere else...
3	Maria's is a great place to eat.  The staff is always nice, and the food is great.  The .99 cent beef tacos rock for some cheap food on a lunch break.The problem would be that the .99 cent tacos are really the only deal there.  As other people have said, this place is more expensive than Robertos/Amigos/any other place for the same quality food.I will keep going for the lunch deal, and that's about it.
4	This review is specifically for the breakfast. We pick up the breakfast burritos once a month or so. The staff is always very nice and they do a quick job of making your order. You can get bacon or ham, but we usually get bacon, ham, and potato, which is a great value for $5. You can barely finish them for a breakfast item. The tortillas are some of the tastiest I have had anywhere. I would highly recommend for breakfast, they are open early. I have not tried any of their lunch items.
5	This is honestly my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. Not kidding. Maria's is easily the best value around and the food is great. My favorite is the Adobado - delicious marinated pork. It's great in everything, but my favorite is Adobado tacos. Mouth-watering perfection! I'd eat here every day if I could. Go with the red salsa, it's spicy and great. I like the green salsa mixed with my rice. So good!! Also, Maria is super friendly so be sure to tell her hi, she works the register a lot.
3	This is basically the same as Roberto's or several other Mexican food places around.  The food is what you would expect, it's pretty good, not too expensive, and it comes out quick.  Since the food is rushed out so fast, you often get meals where the cheese isn't remotely melted.  Generally they just rely on the heat from the food to melt the cheese.  Staff has been friendly and the place is usually pretty clean.  I give this place 3 stars because it isn't anything special, but still good.
2	This place was much better when it was Robertos.It never seems clean anymore.I'll stop in every now and then since my nail place is close by but won't make an effort to go out of my way.You can do better.
4	Hands down. Best Flautas I've ever had. Delicious and open late.
5	The Flautas at Maria's may be the best in the city.  I'm definitely coming back for more!Restaurant is small.  Relatively clean.  Prices seemed about $.50 - $1.00 more than most other places for most items. For the Flautas it was worth it, I don't mind paying a smidgen more if the food is great.  Ill let you guys know how the other menu items are when I try them!
1	I don't think I've ever given only 1 star before, & I admit the enchiladas were decent, but service was -10 stars. Asked to have a quesadilla on corn & not flour tortillas because of wheat allergy and to start them first 'cuz he was very hungry but all the food came out at same time - quesadilla in flour & wrong sauce on the enchiladas. When I brought up the problem she said quesadillas were only on flour (couldn't say they would not make it on corn before having us pay for it?) Then when my remade enchiladas were done they just sat on the counter until I happened to look up & the cook pointed to the counter by the cash register/order taker who had no inclination to let me know my food was ready. Later when I asked if there were desserts she just looked at me until I repeated my question & motioned with her head towards the freezer with ice cream bars. Guess words required too much effort. So I advise going somewhere else unless the whole rest of the city is out of food.
5	Maria's is still the best in town when it comes to adobada tacos. They are terrifically amazing. Try them. Do yourself a flavor favor. Do a 2 taco combo meal with Horchata if you really want the complete experience!
5	Still killer!!! The adobada gives me hope for mankind. Brighten your day, eat at Maria's!! Any item made with adobada is the best thing you could eat. Ever.
4	This place is great, the people work hard, its a small operation, but the food is good and the prices are great.  They always seem to be just busy enough for you to wait a little bit which is a very healthy sign.  The Breakfast burritos are packed with eggs, beacon, cheese, and photos.  I also love their beef tacos, cant be beat for the price and taste.
5	Ive enjoyed multiple items here and the service is always great and friendly. I recommend ordering Adobado Nachos with no beans. Reading other reviews about it being over priced, I feel they are not ordering the correct items to get the most out of a meal.
