3	Not a bad choice but if you miss going here while you're in Charlotte...no worries.  The food is served hot but is not too tasty.  They are very nice people. I just wished the food was better...
3	I have to frequent this restaurant every week when it is time for dance class.  The kids LOVE the funnel cake fries!  Did I say LOVE, they find them to be palatable, scrumptious, and in complete harmony with their tummies!  I am all for something that makes you feel this way (I may have one or two every now and then) so I do my part to support this establishment.  Let me mention however, that I have never purchased anything else here except bottled water every now and then.  There are rarely customers in the restaurant; I supposed the Auto Bell next door keeps them in business and that's a great thing for my brood.  I can't seem to check in here via Yelp mobile, but believe me, they guy knows what I want when I come in the door! :)
4	I am in here just about once a week for the funnel cake fries.  I never tried them previously.  However, on 3/28, I tried one and wanted to eat the whole bag.  The restaurant was out of powered sugar, however, and added regular sugar to the bag and shook it up.  It was pretty good.  I am going to leave them alone going forward though while the kids can have them from time to time.  The restaurant is never crowded and the same guy is in there preparing the food every week, generating some stability and consistency if you want something quick to eat.
1	This place is just BAD.  Very low quality ingredients all around. Over $9 for a basic sandwich combo too. BAD.  Stay away.  Someone said in a previous review that it is never crowded.  That's because the food is so BAD.
4	Real,authentic,fresh Philly hogies run by a couple of italians,and subs along with bluebell icecream and they will fill you up nicely for a decent price!!!!!!!!!
3	This is not a great cheesesteak but, it's serviceable for a reasonable price and is served quickly at this location of the PC.  The restaurant itself looks to have seen better days but the service is friendly and, as mentioned, the food gets to you fast.  They don't have the fries warming under a light, instead they are dropped about the time your steak and onions hit the grill so you get them hot and crispy with a dusting of seasoned salt.On the Original cheesesteak you get steak, onions and choice of white american and provolone cheese.  I like the hoagie version which has lettuce, tomato and olive oil.  My only asks would be more seasoning on the meat as it's cooked and some vinegar to go with the olive oil and cut some of the fattiness.
2	Overpriced stale food. Been here a few times and its always empty.
4	Ive been here a couple of times now.  Today I had a Philly cheesesteak with provalone, lettuce, and tomatoesn as well as fries and a soda.  What I liked was the bread was nice and soft, and the regular size is plenty of sandwich.  The fries were cooked to order and were decently crisp.At times it seems the place is slow, but it was decently busy when I visited.  There was a little wait, but since the sandwiches are made to order.
1	If you're looking for an authentic cheese steak, this is not the place. If you want stale bread surrounding poorly cooked steak and provolone instead of whiz, then you'll love this place. Try jack beagles restaurant instead.
4	Had a cheesesteak from here over the weekend and although it could have had a little more meat it was pretty tasty. I am particular about my cheesesteaks and the fact that I loved it made me want to leave my first review ever. Disappointed by the bad reviews.
3	The food here is much to do about nothing in my opinion but based on the length of time they've been in this location someone is enjoying the food.  They serve sub par cheesesteaks, however the funnel cake fries are superb......the only reason I ever visit.
3	It ain't that REAL Philly cheesesteak tho. I went to Philly for the real ness and it was love in my mouth. But this joint... I mean it's okay. First off the dude is from Nicaragua sooooo... What does he know about Philly cheesesteak? Well he didn't do a bang up job, but it wasn't bad neither. Will I go back? Hmmmm... Maybe. I mean unless I find a more suitable option for steak and cheese.
