5	My husband and I recently switched realtors to Prudential, after a previous housing deal went bad and fell through.I was introduced to one of their realtors, Sandy Margolin, who has, quite frankly, been the best realtor I've ever had the pleasure of doing business with... So much that I was the one offering to go into an exclusive broker contract with her office.During the past 4 weeks that I've been working with Sandy, she has taken time on numerous occasions to show us homes in the price range we wanted to pay, was very receptive to what our likes and dislikes were about various homes we looked at, and very quick to respond with information on our offers on homes.She is also a very strong advocate for her clients, going up against many of the shady listing agents we've run into, to ensure that our transaction is seamless, and our contract secure.I am very pleased with the work she did, and would gladly recommend her to anyone seeking a real estate agent, whether they're buying or selling. If you contact her because of this review, let her know you saw her on Yelp!
5	I've purchased 8 houses in my life and this was the best real estate experience I've had.  Sandy Margolin is a true pro...on top of everything from offers and counteroffers to inspections, appraisals and closings and is one of the nicest and friendliest people I've done business with.  She has even gone out of her way to stay in touch when we've been in town after the purchase.Sandy knows the area and the market very well and provided a ton of good advice in terms of location, pricing and all the trade-offs of various homes.I really can't recommend her enough if you are shopping for Real Estate in southern Nevada.
5	I am a first time homebuyer and was fairly terrifyed by the process- from loans to short sales and everything inbetween. As much research as you can do when buying a home, if you are buying in Vegas- throw it all away- it's different here, and Sandy was the best guide to get through it. I found Sandy on yelp and she had the most positive reviews. I am so glad that i found her because she made the process actually fun! My personal situation was difficult as i was an out of state buyer and she bent over backwards to accomodate my schedule- from one day trips to see "OMG this could be the one" houses or just packing in as many places as possible days. She worked with my budget and showed me exactly what i had asked for- new new new... HOWEVER, as she got to know me, she showed me some midcentury vintage properties that had features that i had always dreamed about! I ended up with a house that i never could have imagined AND in my price range! 2040 sq ft and it has a TINY INDOOR POOL!!! Sandy reccomended the loan company as well as the home inspector. I owe her a kidney or a lung because she made my dreams of owning a home- let alone, shuch a unique home- my dream home, come true. A lung is the least i can do.
5	I am a first time homebuyer and was fairly terrifyed by the process- from loans to short sales and everything inbetween. As much research as you can do when buying a home, if you are buying in Vegas- throw it all away- it's different here, and Sandy was the best guide to get through it. I found Sandy on yelp and she had the most positive reviews. I am so glad that i found her because she made the process actually fun! My personal situation was difficult as i was an out of state buyer and she bent over backwards to accomodate my schedule- from one day trips to see "OMG this could be the one" houses or just packing in as many places as possible days. She worked with my budget and showed me exactly what i had asked for- new new new... HOWEVER, as she got to know me, she showed me some midcentury vintage properties that had features that i had always dreamed about! I ended up with a house that i never could have imagined AND in my price range! 2040 sq ft and it has a TINY INDOOR POOL!!! Sandy reccomended the loan company as well as the home inspector . I owe her a kidney or a lung because she made my dreams of owning a home- let alone, shuch a unique home- my dream home, come true. A lung is the least i can do.
5	Sandy is amazing! My parents moved here from Reno and had nothing but problems with numerous agents. Finally I decided I was sick of friend referrals and went to yelp and found Sandy. She was more than we could have ever asked for. She was helpful, knowledgeable and made us feel important. She helped make a big transition for my parents (who lived in Reno for over 30 years) so much easier. I would recommend Sandy to anyone who is looking for simply the best agent out there.
5	My wife and I decided to sell our house and get ready for a move out of state. I decided to do a simple google search for realtors in las vegas. Sandy Margolin's name came up  and showed a great review, so I decided to contact her. Within 48 hrs she sent me a very thorough analysis of my property showing direct comparisons which recently sold in my community. This also listed all the fees and expected cost associated with selling a home. Everything presented before meeting her and deciding to sell the home was very professional and well done. We met on a Sunday and decided to sell the home, she took pictures and gave us a few tips and 6 days later we sold our home for slightly over the asking price. We could not have been more happy with the result of the sale. Sandy was there and answered all of our crazy questions and made the experience of selling our first home a very smooth transaction. I would recommend Sandy Margolin for any home sale as she made the experience smooth and made us more money that we originally hoped for. Selling a house may seem like a time to be nervous and the thought of the process prevented us from making that call later than we wanted. If we knew the sale would have been such a breeze we would have done so much faster. Sandy Margolin never made us feel uncomfortable in the sale and took the time for us. Don't wait and contact her when your ready.
5	Sandy is the definition of what all Realtors should be.  She is a real person and her Fisk is to get you the results that you want!  If anyone is in the market for a realtor to buy or sell you definitely need to give Sandy Margolin a call.
5	I was buying a home in Washington state and needed to sell my condo in Las Vegas quickly and for a decent price.  Sandy accomplished he whole thing without a hitch! She found a buyer, worked with the tenants, and got all the necessary people, paperwork and closing accomplished without me having to come down there.  She made it look easy, but I know it wasn't.  Sandy is very professional and so helpful in all respects.  I really couldn't have done this without her!
5	Out of the 10 houses that I have bought & sold Sandy is the BEST agent I have had the absolute pleasure of doing business with. Not only does she get the job done giving nothing less than 200%. She sold my house sooo fast with back-up offers, true "bull dog" if you want someone to see to your wants & needs Sandy is the lady for you. Plus her assistant  Suzann is also top notch, terrific team !!!       Hey ladies, keep up the good work, don't change................
5	Sandy Margolin is, HANDS DOWN, THE BEST IN HER FIELD!This was my first home purchase, and Sandy walked me through ANY questions I had, and even provided options to get EXACTLY the house my wife and I wanted, even though it needed work (I knew that when I chose the property). She suggested an option that would get us in the house and cover the necessary repairs. She also made sure that was what I wanted. This is why you hire a professional, and Sandy and her team are ABSOLUTELY and COMPLETELY PROFESSIONAL from start to finish, and then some.Sandy is very much hands on through the process and works hard to make things right for YOU! Not only does she listen, she provides insight and advice like a professional should.We have been blessed to find, in my honest opinion, the very best realtor in Vegas, possibly the entire West Coast!I would highly recommend Sandy Margolin for anyone in need of a realtor, matter of fact, I do... every time the opportunity comes up.
