5	After going to the same stylist for years.  I decided that I needed a change.   A friend of mine recommended that I see Amanda.  I have to say that I had a wonderful experience.  She was very personable and listened to all my needs.  I'm very happy with my haircut and I've made another appointment to go back and see her.  Really cool thing about David Ross Salon- they don't charge you if you need to come in for a clean up!! How cool is that! I really think I'm going to be happy here! If you're looking for a place to go.  I would highly recommend the David Ross Salon and seeing Amanda!
5	I am getting married in October. I need someone to do my hair, as well as my matrons of honor, my mother, etc. I was referred by my wedding planner (Nancy with I Do Wedding Consulting) to Amanda. Amanda is brilliant. I showed her a picture of a style that I want. She literally did a splitting image of what was in the picture. I was highly impressed. I'm pretty sure that since Amanda does her wedding clients "separate" from DRS, she does cash only. The salon itself does take credit cards. Make wedding appointments separate from DRS, and with Amanda. =) In comparison to another salon I went to for a hair trial, Amanda was so much better. She produced something that I thought was so much more challenging, but it was exactly what I wanted.
5	I've been bouncing around from stylist to stylist since moving to Charlotte. This past week I visited Matt Wilson for a major cut. Ten inches! Matt made me comfortable with my decision and helped me find the perfect style for me. He nailed the cut and everyone LOVES my hair!!! So happy to have found him!
5	I'm so happy to finally have found a great hair stylist in Matt! I have naturally curly thick hair and Matt did a wonderful job with my Keratin treatment and cut. My hair now looks bouncy and healthy! I resently saw him for Ombre,as well which I've gotten several compliments on. He does a great job of listening to your request/wants and offering great advice on what would look best and how to maintain your new look.
5	I recently got a hair cut by Matt, and I am very impressed with his professionalism and skill when it comes to men's hair cuts. I admit that I wasn't sure how I wanted my hair cut, but Matt listened to my concerns and took his time explaining how he was going to cut and style my hair for a modern yet professional look. Matt took his time and was able to fade my hair using sheers instead of the usual clippers (the results are much better this way). I am very happy with my cut and I would recommend him to  everyone.
5	Before I met Tia, I'd had the same hairstyle forever (if you could even call it a style).  After Tia and I talked about what I wanted and more importantly what would work best for me, I took the plunge and cut my hair.  I love my new style and I wouldn't trust my hair to anyone else but Tia.  I'm so lucky to have found such a fantastic stylist.
5	Tia Jackson is a phenominal stylist!  If you are looking for a stylist for hair color, extensions or hair cuts she is the best.  She truly listens to what style you want and delivers every time.  Best extensions professional in Charlotte!!
5	Tia Jackson is a dream!  She has been my stylist for over a year and has a great foundation of knowledge!  Her cuts are the best and most detailed I have ever experienced.  She recently colored my hair  balayage style and I love it!  She's fun to be around and has high energy.
5	Well let's start by disclosing that Matt is my best friend but I'm also his best critic. He is a freaking genius when it comes to hair and all I can say is that if you give him a try you will be hooked. I love that he is a perfectionist when it comes to hair; he will never let you walk out the door with your hair not looking anything but fabulous. He is a trip! you will have fun while getting your hair done because... Well, I will let you meet him and see =)  David the owner is super nice and the products that he has selected are amazing. In LOVE with Oribe products and  Goldwell color line and products. Goldwell dry shampoo and Oribe hair refresher are my best friends (after Matty of course)
5	I just want to share what an amazing salon this is! Great ambience, friendly staff. My hair stylist Matt Wilson AMAZING!!! He knows what he is doing and he is professional and funny at the same time! He listens to the client and he gives his opinion. If he thinks that what the client is asking will not good on her/him, he will explain the reason why and he will advice you what instead will look perfect on you. I got my hair color, highlights, cut and I just love him!! My color doesn't fade easily, my cut is always perfect. I would recommend him to anyone. Thank you Matt - Patrizia
