4	Harper's is like a more local version of TGIFridays or Applebees.  The food here is really delicious, and they offer a decent selection of typical appetizers, sandwiches, salads, and entrees (think spinach and artichoke dip, chicken sandwiches, and steaks).  While you will have a great meal, beware- the wait can be atrocious for lunch or dinner on any given day of the week, especially the weekends.
4	Harpers has a nice bar area if you want to catch one after work.  The service is consistently good and their BBQ pork is excellent.  I have dined there 10+ times and have always been satisfied and so have my guests.  It's a good atmosphere in the bar and dining areas.
4	One of my favorite places to eat in Charlotte. It's fine dining at reasonable prices. Their Sicilian Pizza is not to be missed, and I consider it to be their best item, though their steaks and chicken is still A+.I highly recommend Harper's (and Harper's To Go Go).
3	Dont go there during lunch.  It is jam packed and your lunch hour will be over before you food comes.  I had the catfish burger and it was entirely too salty.
5	After leaving my house at 4am and flying from SF to Charlotte, my parents  decide it would be a good idea to meet my aunt and uncle at Harper's for dinner.Not a bad idea, except...we took a wrong turn and spent an hour in the car trying to find our way.  I'm not going to go into detail about my family dynamics, but just trust me that this is a really really bad way to start the Christmas holiday.  The nice people at Harper's put up with 2 phone calls and were very helpful with directions.Now to the food, Blue Moon on tap, yay!  And the Chicken Supremes are my absolute favorite.  Well spiced chicken tenders and fries, and they serve it with 2 sauces.  I highly recommend double-dipping in both.Oh and Mom and Dad are getting GPS tomorrow.  Merry fucking Christmas.
4	This place was pretty good. It feels like TGIF's or Applebee's but luckily it tastes  better. The chicken tenders were different but the two sauces it came with, barbque and mustard, were on point. You get an ass load of food here for what you pay for. My server looked at me like I was nuts when I told her I was finished because it barely looked like I put a dent in my meal. My server was friendly and cute and kept my drink filled. The food came out lightning fast and she was ready for the check when I was.
4	The food is good. My local favorite for those quick "business" lunches or a good dinner as a resonable price for the area. Steaks are ok, but the more lite fare is better here.Brick oven pizza is very good and so are the salads. I try to get something different everytime but so far the Brick Oven Ceaser Pizza was by far a favorite. Like the warm setting and the open kitchen too.
4	My friend and I headed to Harper's for a quick dinner before catching a movie at Phillip's Place. I was pretty pleased with the food at Harper's. And the menu has a lot of different American food options (burgers, salads, chicken entrees, etc), which is good for two friends who can't agree on a kind of restaurant for dinner. They also have an extensive wine list, and a nice bar area.
4	Harper's was one of the first restaurants I dined at in Charlotte.  I was impressed by the somewhat formal looking atmosphere of the interior of the restaurant (brick walls and dark wood), but pleasantly surprised by the casualness of the restaurant  Nobody's snooty there.  You can go to Harper's with a date or friends or family and get a great upscale meal at a reasonable price.  Sandwiches average about $8, salads about $10, wood-fired pizzas about $12, and full-on entrees about $15.  With their American menu, it's also the perfect place to take out-of-town guests who want to go out "someplace nice" but are also picky eaters.  There's nothing outlandish on the menu.  They can always find their comfort food and I, enjoying a little gourmet action, can find something like a jazzed up macaroni and cheese dish.  Their burgers are also delicious, especially with pimento cheese.  Mmmm...
4	We are regulars at Harper's, and have been for about a month or so. We head there every Sunday after church, always sitting at the bar.  It's not that the seats are more comfy or the food is better.  No, we sit there because 1) there are TVs to watch football but mostly 2) because of the AWESOME bartenders!  Shelly has got to be one of my favorite people in Charlotte, and her partners in crime are also friendly.  She is so friendly and sweet and sassy--a great combo in a bartender!  The food, of course, is great too, otherwise we wouldn't keep coming back.  My husband adores the brisket (it IS delicious!).  I have had the turkey burger and the regular burger and loved both of those.  Usually on Sundays I get something from the brunch menu.  My only complaint is that it's a bit lacking in length, but there are pretty good things on it.  I have liked the waffles, I have also had the BELT (which was alright) and the French Toast (which was good, but ask for the fruit compote on the side).  The grits (if you have read any of my previous reviews, you'll know that I LOVE GRITS!!) are good.  They clearly make them with chicken broth, which almost makes them too chicken-y, but they also have cheese.  They're very good. (Today, in fact, they lacked the signature chicken flavor, and were some of the best grits I've ever had!)  My husband has had the French Dip Sandwich (pretty good), pork tenderloin (also pretty good--not outstanding) and the Cajun omelette (just okay), but he remains convinced that you should just get the brisket.  For $13, you get a lot of delicious brisket with BBQ sauce, excellent fries, and one more side (it comes with cole slaw, but we've never gotten it.  The green beans were good when I had them).  I have also ordered the brisket, and he's right, it is FANTASTIC!!!On Thursday they have trivia night.  My husband and I happened to be there this past Thursday, and beat the long-time reigning champs.  It is pretty easy trivia (college mascots, car makers, countries and continents were our categories this week. Apparently the reigning champs COMPLAINED that the questions were too hard.  Excuse me?  You've won for the last few months and have the balls to complain that the questions are too hard?  I don't like these guys.  I'm glad we kicked their asses.--sorry I just got totally off-topic.).  Don't be scared off.  So come down to Harper's and sit at the bar!  It's a lot of fun, the food and drinks are good, and the staff is friendly.  Hard to beat that!
2	What a nonevent. I went there for lunch, it was loud, service was average, and the food was tasteless. Overwhelmingly Average!
5	You haven't had macaroni and cheese until you've tried the Six Cheese Penne Pasta at Harper's.  This is an adult, gourmet version of the popular homestyle classic.  The dish is so incredibly cheesy and flavorful on its own, then they throw in Italian sausage as well.  My mouth was in heaven when we returned to Harper's Restaurant the other night after a year or so absence.   Just be careful about digging into it too quickly.  They bake the entire dish in the oven, so it's steaming hot on the inside as well as the outside.  I, however, was too eager and ended up burning the roof of my mouth.  Oops.  Oh well...it was worth it.  Our service was fantastic, too, and we were immediately seated at a great table...on a Saturday night!
2	Dry chicken, bland help, yay it's southpark.
3	Small menu, hard to avoid dairy.  Next time I'll make it on a Wednesday so I can try the Brunswick stew.  The hot bar at Harper's To Go next door reminds me of Mac Kelly's in Chicago so I'm looking forward to going back there for a quick lunch.
2	Rather standard over all. They do have a very large wine pour at the bar. It gets very busy, I think due to the moderate price and good location. If you are looking for a sort of ...  regular place.. this would be it..  which is odd, because Harpers also owns Upstream and Zink, both of which are much better offerings.. they also owneed ARPA which was a failed tapas bar in uptown...
5	Really really really great place to eat.  Nothing is greasy, and everything tastes fresh.  Slow roast short ribs are the best I have ever tasted.  Ahi sashimi salad is a full blown meal.  Portions are very generous and prices are more than reasonable.  The restaurant is very nice too, very classy, and staff are very polite and attentive.  I also recommend the bbq salmon if they have it.  Very moist with great flavor.Although it looks like a cookie cutter chain, don't let the applebees look fool you.  This place is first class without being first class expensive and it totally has no snotty-ness in it.  Did I mention how good the food is?  Friends tried the filet-mignon and they said it was the best they have ever had.  Perfectly cooked just as they asked for.  This coming from a  world traveler and self proclaimed steak lover this says a lot.
2	Before heading home after our ski trip. I decided to stop by and hang out since my home girl/cousin works as a bartender here. So she got me the street side tacos for me to munch on. It was bland, nothing special at all. I tried to stay true of not eating ethnic food at a chain restaurant, but the shit was free. But this experience reinforce that I am right. If it wasn't for the fact that it was free, I would give this place one star. I can't comment on service since I have a conflict but people seem to be nice.It does look like a step up from TGI/Apple Bees etc and to be fair, I just had the tacos. But I suspect the rest of the food are blah too. This coming from a guy that knows somebody that works there. Sorry. It is, what it is.
2	Let me tell you gents this place is totes av (average). Really not much to say. If you like food you'll probably be able to eat some of it here. My friends at the table insist that I rate this place as "good average" but that seems meaningless. Also $2 beers of which I've had about 6.
2	First, a man who I thought was our waiter came up and said "Can I get you something to drink?" and abruptly walked away before I could answer. He proceeded to take empty glasses from another table, and I didn't see him again. Then our actual waitress came over and took our orders. I ordered the roasted spring vegetables and the baby back ribs. The chef completely doused the veggies in vinegar and they were extremely sour. The ribs were a little too dry. While eating my ribs, the waitress came over and explained how I could eat them.  ? Not really sure why this happened. I won't be going back. Brazwell's is sooo much better, and the prices are better there too.
2	First time going had a HORRIBLE wait time during lunch... The manager comped my food, but for a quesadilla a 30 minute wait is crazy since it's an appetizer.  I will not be going back any time soon.
2	Long ago, I worked at Harper's for a spring and summer after college.  Now every time I go, the smell of the place takes me back (something between wood-fired kitchen and just... kitchen).This is another relatively safe place I can go with my parents.  Though their veggie options are scant, their veggie burger is made in-house, I can get their six cheese penne without bacon, and I've always enjoyed their pimento cheese dip.  Unfortunately, I found little to eat for lunch yesterday.  I was looking for something light, and save ordering a salad (sans meat, of course), there wasn't much else on the menu that appealed to me.  I do love a good bowl of soup, but Harper's rarely has a veggie soup on tap, and yesterday was no different.  I ordered the spinach quesadilla, hoping it would be more spinachy than cheesy and thinking it's hard to eff up a quesadilla.  Right?WHAT a disappointment.  The quesadilla was a total mess, stuffed to the brim with a slurpy cheese mixture.  The filling was incredibly uneven - one triangle had cheese with just a hint of spinach, another was filled entirely with the spinach mixture (which I am 99% sure is just their spinach dip repurposed), and another had a surprising number of cold, mealy tomato cubes.Per the usual, my dad ordered a small cup of soup, and the server barely hid her disdain at our tiny order.  The sneer was palpable.I think I'm done with Harper's for a while.
3	Like the food but the overall experience here isn't as good as the one in Columbia, SC.  I think a little upgrading and decor touches could help, the food is really more like 3.5 approaching 4 star -- depending on the menu item.  Outdoor seating in season.  Location is convenient to South Park folks, and plentiful.
3	I went at lunch,  had 30 minutes. Never been before. First off, I noticed  the outdoor patio, and wished it was warmer so I could sit outside! Looks like it would seat 20-30 at least. Second off, I was greeted by three people when I walked in the door, and sat immediately. It's an open-air kitchen, and if you sit close, you can watch what's going on in there. Smelled FANTASTIC.I ordered the chef salad, I had heard they were pretty big.... Huge salad! Delicious, fresh and being a bacon lover-was pleased to fond thick pieces of perfectly cooked bacon throughout the salad... with bonus tempura-style chicken slices and avocado! Could only eat about 1/3 of it.Service was a bit slow but friendly. Not an in and out place, but great if you have an hour for lunch. My only complaint besides timliness was the relentlessly screaming child that no one bothered to take out of the restaurant that was clearly distubring everyone trying to have their lunch.
2	Not bad but over priced for what you get. I have only been 2x's within a year and was a little disappointed. I went for lunch last April and it was hard to find something light on the menu. I just went for dinner and ordered the honey mustard glazed salmon. It was ok but nothing special for $20.00. Probably would not go again.
3	Average food with a few exceptions. Above average prices.  Waiter was excellent (Darius), but terrible hostesses.  hostess gave us a 20 min wait, we waited 30, they buzzed us.  We go up and they tell us, oh, it's like 45 min more probably.  THey really need to sort that out, we had a large party and we just barely didn't walk out.Highlights: Waiter Darius.  The crab artichoke dip was great.  Braised beef short ribs were superb.  Decent wine selection.Personally I'm going to try a few other places around, for the money I expected more
3	harper's reminds me of a kid who consistently gets "A's", isn't flashy, never causes any problems, and yet, doesn't get the recognition he or she deserves.  over the 14 years i've lived in charlotte, i've probably been to harper's 15-20 times - that averages about 1-2 dinners a year.  how is that possible?  how have i not chosen this restaurant over others that aren't as consistent, well-priced, and just plain good.   i've never had anything but great food and service at harper's, and they might just have the best chicken fingers in town.i'm pleased to say that when my husband and i were deciding where to go on saturday night for a 6pm dinner with our kids and my mom, we picked harper's.  it was delicious.  first of all, it's a beautiful restaurant with servers who are always on top of their game.  secondly, it has a huge selection of entrees, wine, and very good kids' meals.  my kids split a cheese pizza (and, of course, i had to try a piece).  it was ridiculously good.  in fact, it was one of the best pieces of cheese pizza i've ever had . . . at harper's.  can you believe that?  it was thin crust with a ton of gooey cheese, and not too much marinara sauce.  honestly, i couldn't believe how good it was . . . but, i'll move on.i had the chicken fingers with two sides - and i picked mac and cheese and vegetables.  insanely good.  their chicken fingers are so delicious - i could go on for days about those . . . and the mac and cheese was also some of the best i've ever had.  i love a gooey mac and cheese where the cheese overtakes the macaroni, and this was definitely that kind of mac and cheese.  the veggies could have been cooked a little longer, but they were very good.  my husband had the veggie burger, and he couldn't stop talking about how good it was.  my mom had a grilled chicken sandwich, and she also thought it was fantastic.  the kids each got a scoop of vanilla ice cream (comes with the kids meal - bonus!).  for dessert, we all split a hot fudge/ice cream/brownie (with me eating the lion's portion).  it wasn't the best hot fudge brownie i've ever had, but i consider myself a dessert connoisseur, and really - can you get a bad one?  it was very good.  our wine was great, my husband enjoyed his blue moon beers, and all in all, it was a perfect dinner.  side note . . . i do have to admit that i had to get up and run 8 miles the next morning because the food was so good that i couldn't leave a morsel on my plate.  but it was so worth it - i'd do it all again!go to harper's with or without kids, and you won't regret it.  it's a very good meal, reasonably priced, and i bet you'll walk away thinking: "hmm . . . that was really good.  remind me again why we don't come here more often?"
1	Sorry, the food was just horrible.  Ribs bad, penne pasta really bad, kids portions entirely to small and bad.  Veggie burger was pretty good.  All that bad and overpaid to boot.  The baked creamy corn side may have been the worst thing to ever touch my lips!
1	Went to Harper's yesterday to eat, but as soon as I saw the B rating, we left.
2	I have visited Harper's a few times in the past two years. The restaurant is clean and inviting. The atmosphere is warm and personable, which is nice for couples and families.But with each experience, I am less impressed. The food is good. However, there are better places to dine within the Southpark area. The food is moderately priced, but is too much for what you get. My last gripe with the restaurant is the limited menu. The offerings are scarce for a restaurant with a nonspecific specialty. I'm not big on chain restaurants, but I would have been happier visiting The Cheesecake Factory located across the street from Harper's which has many more menu options.I am sad to say that I will not visit again unless an executive group decision is made to dine here.  : /
2	This use to be the go to place because the food was always consistent.  I hadn't been in about 2 yrs though due to the quality/service had dropped.  So this weekend I was in the area and decided to give it another try.  I had the Ahi Tuna.  The tuna itself was good but the noodle salad had a strange  taste, like it was old.  The green salad was soggy, as if it had been sitting in dressing all day.   I never thought I'd say this but the Harpers @ Carolina Place mall seems to have upstaged this location.  Their food is always good.
2	More like 2 1/2 stars for the priceA few years back whenever I was in town I'd have at least one meal at Harper's in South Park. The place always feels extremely comfortable to me, it's like home away from home. The right amount of brick and wood, the right amount of bustle and noise, lively but not raucous. The service is the way I like it efficient but not obtrusive. The American comfort food was of good quality and well worth the price. Flash forward to now, the tasty grilled Portobello sandwich is gone. The smallish 11 oz  prime rib is $20 and comes with only one side. Keep in mind that  prime rib is ALWAYS very fatty, I trim about 1/3 rd of it.  What was left was less than 1/2 pound. Worse is that I asked for the fried sweet potato and it's now the frozen, pre-seasoned fast food type where it used to be simply real potato. The prime rib was as rare as I asked but -as it's often the case- the chef had rubbed way too much salt on the slab before cooking it and there's no desalting it. Most people do like it prepared that way but what about those who don't or who have to cut their sodium intake? It's way too obvious that it's a franchise and management cuts way too many corners for the prices they charge. Physically it's still the same location but the food is like Orlando, FL.Then I think about the Texas Roadhouse. I hate that type of theme restaurants with peanuts, overly cheery (and overly young) servers ... but know what? For those same $20 I got a large 16 oz prime rib every bit as good or better as Harper's, a couple of decent sides ( the sweet potato was baked but it was a fresh potato) they threw free appetizers at me and we drank five buck Margaritas or Martinis. So the place is messy, full of kids and has no class but the economy is tough these days. For my money I'll get my beef (or smoked pork chops) there instead of Harper's. Wow, I would have never "thunk" this
3	Harper's isn't my favorite restaurant in Charlotte, and it's not even my favorite Harper's Group restaurant (that honor belongs to the consistently amazing Zink).  However, if you feel the need for a wood-oven, red meat, cheese, and potatoes style dinner served in a fairly upscale setting, this is a good place to go.The food at Harper's is consistently tasty.  It's not particularly exciting, but they do the staple well: burgers, pizzas, steaks, and so forth.  Their wagyu beef burger is pretty delicious; just be careful to stress your desired temperature to your waiter, because if you don't, it will come out well-done regardless of your preference.  The crab-artichoke dip appetizer is tasty, although they could give you a little more dip for the price you pay.  They make a good dirty martini, too.  The service at this location is better than Pineville's, at least in my experience.  According to the little ad on our table, they have half price wine glasses on Tuesdays!
4	I've seen Harper's sitting there across from South Park Mall for quite some time. I've been to the Pineville location before.  But until recently, had not stopped into this Harper's.  It's upscale without being stuffy, and a great place for a dinner out.You can find many of the standard American restaurant offerings on the Harper's menu: steaks, burgers, pizzas, chicken, and the stray pasta dish. The food is great quality, with wood -fired and blackened dishes being a house specialty.  The hand-made pita that comes with the crab dip is very tasty, though I wish there was more dip for all those pita chips. The chicken and beef dishes are both well prepared, with that great smokey flavor.While I did not eat on the patio this visit, I was very intrigued by this location's arrangement. It seems to be "covered" by the trees that surround it, and I would imagine is a great (and busy) place to dine during warmer months.
4	A rose by any other name...  Harper's is a local Charlotte chain, but can easily be mistaken for Houston's, J. Alexander's, or any of the other multitude of generic, upscale dining establishments scattered across the country.  And that's not a bad thing.  What you see is what you get at Harper's: warm, cozy tables and booths, attentive servers, and a plethora of tasty menu options of plentiful portion size.  And luckily, the prices are compatible with the experience as well.  A solid establishment!
3	A good place to go if you have a family with different likes and dislikes in food.  There is a wide selection of things to choose from whether you want BBQ or a veggie burger (which our table ordered both and both were good.)  However that being said, a restaurant that is so broad in choices usually does not make anything that has a WOW factor either.  Everything is good, nothing will knock your socks off or be anything to write home about.The service was good, the atmosphere was nice, but with so many choices in Charlotte I would not come back in a hurry.
2	This place is as bland as they get. The food was mediocre and the atmosphere was too.
1	Went to Harper's this past Tuesday, it had been at least 6 months or more since I had  had the Betty's Pimento cheeseburger. Sat in the bar area with one of the new interactive tables, that was so cool! Seems like the menu is much smaller than is used to be but I did finally find my beloved burger and ordered it with fries. I told the waitress to please make sure the fries were hot because the last time I was there they had been cold and I really wanted to enjoy this visit. When I received the burger it looked different, smaller and somehow sadder. I could actually fit this burger into my mouth! That used to be impossible because it was huge and I would have to eat it with a knife and fork. The flavor was bland and instead of the cheese running down my fingers I could barely taste it and the meat was just bland. I was so sad.So in short the prices have gone up and the quality has gone down. I guess I will have to find a new fav burger joint.Booooooo!
4	Food & service are very good. I would prefer to come here versus the over rated Village Tavern.
3	Service is great. Food is average. Outside seating is lovely when the weather is nice however, watch out for the bumble bees hovering over the Wisteria and buzzing around your tables. Their crab dip tastes great but it is heavy and the ratio is a bit off... not a lot of dip for the amount of bread they give you.
3	Service is excellent.  Every time.  Food is just ok.  The brisket is totally juicy and fabulous but everything else I have had there is just ok.  They have a gluten free menu which is nice.  Honestly though I just go back because its convenient,  They need some more exciting menu items.....
5	Stopped in here for a business lunch. A bit loud but still was able to speak clearly.  Ordered up some shrimp tacos.  Was warned they had a bit of a kick. They did and they were good!  Really enjoyed them.  Service was dead on too.  Def a place I would go back to again if I was in the area.
4	Harpers is good, when you just want to have a prime rib steak kind of night, with baked potato or sweet potato fries. I came by here on a Thursday night, and they hosted a trivia night! It was fun!! Sadly, with my new work schedule, I have not had an opportunity to come back on any Thursdays.
3	I like it here. My wife and I have been here a number of times. Our first visit we were pleasantly surprised with it being trivia night. The past few times we've gone for dinner and once for Sunday brunch. I like the food here a lot. I'm partial to the prime rib (my wife is too) and the chicken and waffles were nice for brunch. The restaurant is pretty clean and the venue itself has a typical American restaurant dining room vibe. Our service is usually good, sometimes just alright. I've had salads and appetizers here and they're alright, but the prime rib will keep me coming back. I definitely love their prime rib.
4	Great menu, nice surroundings, good service and excellent food. I had the wood fired pizza which was one of the best pizzas I've ever had. The right of perfectly seasoned sauce and the inhouse pepperoni was superb. I could ask for much more. I haven't been there for dinner but I would definitely return for lunch.
4	Nice atmosphere. Busy lunch. I ordered the brisket sandwich. It was a little pinker than I would normally get but that's ok. I didn't like the amount of fat on the meat. Overall servers very attentive and nice (and cute).
4	Very friendly staff. Nice selection and food was good. Great for a casual lunch or dinner!
3	I haven't been to Harper's in YEARS!  I was a little reluctant when some friends suggested Harper's but I decided to go with the flow and unfortunately, ended up pretty disappointed.  They do a lot right so I don't want to totally bash them but the quality of food is just not up to par.  I was super hungry when we arrived so that should have benefited good old Harpers but apparently it was mind over matter and I have a clear picture of everything I tasted.Quick Summary:The dipping trio:Salsa tasted like it came straight out of a jar...Harris Teeter or no...food lion brand.Pimento Cheese--tasted like mustard with chunks of cheese in itArtichoke and spinach dip--dry and flaky..had decent flavor but not creamyThe chips were thin and greasy and mostly small pieces.  I ordered the Chicken Salad with some type of ginger soy dressing.  It was just ok.  The chicken looked like it had been shrunk...it was pretty dry.  It was basically like what you would get in a frozen fajita meal.  You know how the chicken is small, salty and fatty?  The lettuce was chopped but dry and looked like it came straight out of a bag.  The cucumbers, red peppers and onions that were supposed to be in the salad must have been playing hide n seek.  I think I had one piece of each.Others are my table tried another steak salad, blackened chicken pasta and the burger.  Everyone pretty much had the same response..."just ok."  In fact, my friend tried to justify her reasoning for choosing Harper's by saying, "wow, I haven't been here in so long.  I remembered it being so good as a kid so I thought it would be fun to try it again."  Um, is that your way of apologizing?The service was decent but our waitress clearly had a bad attitude.  She didn't smile once.  Half of the food for our table came out about 10 minutes before the other half so the manager offered us a free dessert.  I thought that was super classy because we didn't even have to bring it to their attention.  I can't complain about something that was free but I'll let you know we tried the warm cookie that came with vanilla ice cream.I know Harper's is a family favorite for so many so I don't want to burst any bubbles and I can see why people like it.  They have a diverse menu, nice atmosphere for couples or for families, nice location, etc.  They aren't super expensive but I don't think they are priced right for their quality but that's just my opinion.  Overall, I stand by my 3 star rating...they are just "a-ok."
4	Even on a Friday night we were seated reasonably quickly. Our server Michael was outstanding, and the food was very good.
2	This particular location is pretty hit or miss. I am still nostalgic about the old location on Woodlawn and the quality of the food. Just isn't the same, maybe they sold? The penne pasta with Italian sausage is the only thing I'll order if I go. I've taken a bet on some of my old favorites and have been really disappointed. Price is kind of high for the quality of food you get.
3	I've been to Harper's three times on business lunches and thought it was time for a review.  This place does a lot of things right, and it's another one of those times that I wish I had a half star to give out.  If it weren't for being a little overpriced, this would be four-stars, so take that as you may.One of my favorite things here is walking in the door to that wonderful smell of a wood-fired grill...can't beat it.  The salmon they cook on that grill is just as good as the smell:  always cooked perfectly and well-seasoned.  Their pizzas are decent, but oddly, I find them to have too many toppings sometimes.  They would benefit from less, so you get more of the dough and sauce taste.  The pulled pork is decent, but it has to be vinegar based with a double side of coleslaw.  They get a little stingy here with the slaw, and that can be a problem.  My favorite menu item is the portabella mushroom soup on Tue/Wed.  It is creamy, heavy mushroom taste, and very light on the seasoning.  I love it when the ingredient really shines, and this soup hits it out of the park (if you like mushrooms as much as I do).  The service at Harper's is usually really good, they never let the drink hit the bottom of the glass, and they're not overly intrusive.  Atmosphere is great and the big boothes are perfect for a business lunch.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE the chicken supremes! SOOO Good! I also love the sweet potato fries. My husbands favorite is the penne pasta dish with the sausage. It is really tasty.  Great place. I highly recommend!
4	Lunch: Harper's Classic Club. Delicious. Great service. Nice atmosphere. Convenient.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by Harper's! I was thinking it'd be like a cross between Chili's and Applebee's...you know, either way, you're not going to be entirely satisfied, and you'll likely walk out of the restaurant feeling worse than when you walked in. But no! I had the Sicilian pizza, with prosciutto and some other salty tastiness. My sister got the Chicago and had no complaints. The only thing I would ask is for them to put the descriptions of the pizza on the menu. If I hadn't asked the server what came on the Sicilian pizza, I wouldn't have ordered it. Same for the Chicago, which is an even more deceptive name since pizza, when the word "Chicago" is involved, has a different meaning. Our server explained very well what all the toppings were, and was attentive to our needs for the most part.Aside from there not being enough information on the menu, my family and I had a nice experience. I'd be happy to come back.
3	Well it was girl's night out and we all wanted to try somewhere different. Harper's had a very cool vibe. It has the open kitchen, wood fire oven and diverse menu so we were excited to give this place a try.We were seated immediately our waiter was very nice and very funny but lacked the attentiveness I expected. We got our drink orders and he said he would be right back, and we waited and waited...and waited some more....ugh Well, that gave us plenty of time to review the menu. There is a little bit of everything here steaks, chicken, ribs, burgers, salmon and of course pizza. So here goes:For our appetizer we chose the lobster end artichoke dip. It was really good nice lumps of crab and artichoke, but the portion seemed really small for the price.  But it was still good enough for me to order again...but not to share (hehe) For the meal I ordered the special the Oriental Chicken pizza which has chicken, lettuce, wontons, mushrooms, red peppers (which I didn't get) and honey ginger dressing. Welp, it was just ok. I mean I really like the crust! It was thin and crispy and flavor from the flame grill oven was great and the honey ginger dressing was good. But it just didn't know my socks off. My friends both had the salmon one honey glazed and the other blackened. With a side of mashed red potatoes. Now that was delicious! Comparing both, my absolute favorite was the honey glazed. It was just the right amount of sweet to not over power the salmon but give it really good flavor. It's a good thing my friends love me because I pretty much ate half their salmon....I mean to be fair I shared my pizza! But they agreed, that it was just ok but not outstanding.I'm sure that I will comeback and give them another try... If only for that honey glazed salmon!
4	We always go to Harper's for dinner on Sundays when we visit my grandmother in Charlotte.  It's a great place to go after eating a gigantic brunch earlier in the day since there is something on Harper's menu for everyone.The restaurant is warm and cozy and not too loud.  We were greeted and seated immediately.  Despite a brief awkward confusing moment where our waitress thought my grandmother was a lunch regular (which she is) that orders 7 & 7's (she doesn't), the service was decent.I ordered the steak salad which is delicious.  I'm sure it's not the healthiest salad between the fried onions and blue cheese dressing, but it was definitely yummy.  It came with a small square of cheese bread which was to die for. I'm pretty sure they put honey between the bread and the cheese.  My grandmother enjoyed the chicken oriental salad and my mom polished off her entire roasted vegetable pizza which was HUGE.This restaurant is always consistent and good - I look forward to coming back on future visits.
4	the food was tasty! we split the chicken sandwich and the pesto pizza, both were great!  The service was ok, but could be improved.
2	2 stars only because the service was good.  Food sucked.
4	Having had lunch here for quite some time during my time working on this side of town, I can confirm this place is a solid place to get some grub.  Always a solid menu of items ranging from BBQ to filet mignon.  Recently I popped in for dinner with the family and order the filet and it came to the table on a bed of wilted spinach.  It was the perfect temperature and the spinach was perfect.  My girlfriend got the ahi tuna dish and I must admit I had a bit of entree envy going on.  It came with a side of thai noodles and was presented a lot like a plate of sushi would be.The staff was nice and pleasant and catered to our table with speed and accuracy.  The only drawback I have for the place is the acoustics.  It's a bit loud in there almost all the time.
2	I was not pleased with the service that I received and I was not satisfied with the value. I highly prefer the Pineville location.
1	This is a Charlotte Staple. Their menu is timeless as is their history in the South park area.  Yes but try telling that to the hostess who greets you by chewing gum and texting on her phone.   Yeah, I get it, sometimes you just got to get your tweet on, I agree, OMG LOL, I can't believe this guy who just came in here to get his to go order, #LMFAO.   Now don't be discouraged to dine in and sit in the bar area, where if you truly want to feel disconnected from your date, then the touch screen monitors are perfect, for you or the hostess.  After all who sits and talks with each other at dinner any more? The food is on par with an Americana type mid level restaurant, however the service leaves a bit to be desired.  When my salad came with a dried up crusted chicken breast on it and no dressing, I called to speak to a manager, but they were busy. Apparently a Tuesday night is busy for the manager (not the hostess).  The veggie burger tastes like cardboard, although the bun gives it a sort of layered cardboard effect which is not bad, if you're washing it down with tequila.  The filet even if ordered med. rare, comes out med. edible, and asking the wait staff for a refill is like asking the DMV for an estimated wait time; you're probably not going to get what you're looking for.   This is particularly sad because I used to love this restaurant, but even with prepubescent couples or online match dates who sit in the bar area to have the touch screen monitors mediate their awkward conversations,  it's still probably not the right fit.   The ribs are good, but the sides aren't.  If I was going to take anybody here, it would have to be my next door neighbor who lets their dog crap all over my lawn and never picks it up, or my grandfather who doesn't have any taste buds left and isn't bothered by slow service, because it takes him two hours to finish a bowl of soup anyway.  I would call ahead to make sure they're not busy, and definitely not on a Tuesday.
2	I have been going to Harper's for years - YEARS, I tell ya.  Unfortunately I have noticed a marked decline in the quality of their food (at both locations).  Though the portions have remained relatively generous, I would rather have a smaller amount of better food, if that is what is required to up the quality.After an especially harrowing few weeks, the boss decided to reward me for not going on a homicidal rampage by giving me a gift card for Harper's.  So, on a Wednesday evening right after work, off to Harper's I went to spend the balance of my gift card.  I say this only in that if I were spending my own money, rather than the boss man's, I would not have ordered a steak at Harper's, I would save that for a steak place.Their menu is on the smaller side, but it contains a variety of beef, chicken, pork and fish dishes.   I decided to splurge and try their prime rib served with a loaded baked potato ($25).  It was an inch thick, medium as requested and looked delicious.  Upon cutting into it - bleh.  Tough and chewy, and the dull knife was not helping out.  I had to saw at the piece of meat to get bites cut and immediately dipped it into the tasty au jus (salty meat juice, yum) to get any kind of flavor.  It honestly tasted like a hunk of meat taken off of the roast beef carving station at some kind of buffet.  Harper's isn't a "steak" place, but I expected better.  The loaded baked potato was delicious.  For dessert, there was a "homemade" pumpkin cheesecake ($6).  It was fine, nothing special.  It was not very creamy, and not very pumpkiny, but that might be a personal preference of mine as far as cheesecake consistency and flavor goes.  I wouldn't bother to order it again.My server, Tonji, was spectacular.  She kept my ginger ales coming and continued to check on how my meal was going, without being interruptive.  The manager did stop by and ask how the meal was and I should have spoken up, but I hate being "that girl".  I have spent all of the $50 gift card and wouldn't intentionally return to either of the Harper's locations any time soon - the meal from the Carolina Place location on Saturday was mediocre and the dinner at the Southpark location on Wednesday wasn't anything to write home about either (though the wait staff at both locations was quite good). (Another piddly comment I have - wait staff shouldn't set up in the rest room changing clothes/getting ready for shift and gossiping.  As a paying guest, I shouldn't have to shuffle around them to get to a stall and then again to wash my hands.)
3	I went here for lunch and it was okay.  I would have given it two stars, but the service was really good and that's why I gave it three stars.  I ordered one of the specials for my meal - the margarita pizza and it was not the best at all.  It was a decent amount of food though and very filling, but it wasn't that good.  It was pretty flavorless somehow and the cheese wasn't the best.  They accidentally brought out a cup of the chicken noodle soup for me which I didn't order, but they let me keep it free of charge anyway. I wound up bringing half my pizza and the soup home.  I had the soup for dinner and that was pretty good - so I would recommend getting that.The good thing about this place is it's prices are reasonable especially in the area it's located.  I would probably go back.
5	I lost my IPAD.Where could it be?Retracing my steps after I arrived in Raleigh I thought to call Harper's in Charlotte where I had lunch the day before. Apparently I had let my IPAD slip from my bag and I left it in the booth where I had dined. Thanks to the honest wait staff it was returned to the managers who I contacted and had the pleasure of speaking with Curtis Stevenson who took down my address and promptly mailed it back to me.I appreciate Curtis taking the time to return my valuable tool to me immediately.He understood my needs and took fantastic care of his customer.Thanks Harper's and especially Curtis Stevenson!
5	I am honestly shocked at the reviews I just glanced over. My boyfriend and I just had dinner here and it was such a fantastic experience that I hopped on here immediately to write a review on the drive home. I mean, it was FANTASTIC. We only waited about 5 minutes to be seated (LOVE when that happens on a busy Saturday night) Then, the best part of the evening, our waitress came by. Brianna was her name and she was absolutely wonderful. She knew everything about every item on the menu, and was just beyond pleasant. Seriously, servers make or break my dining experience in most cases, and she definitely made it. Next time we go, (I'm not kidding) I'm going to ask that they seat us in her section if she's there. She's THAT amazing.  It was like she was reading my mind when she asked if I was interested in trying the daily soup (potato cheddar) because I REALLY wanted to try it but didn't want a bowl of soup. She brought me an adorable little cup of soup and OH MAN it was good. It was creamy, just a little spicy, and had the perfect amount of crunchy little scallions to add some texture. Then, the real food came out. My boyfriend got the brisket which comes with your choice of BBQ - vinegar based Eastern Sauce, or ketchup based Western Sauce. He chose Eastern, and it was SO good. The brisket was cooked to perfection and he devoured the mashed potatoes and slaw he got for sides. My burger was REDONK. I mean, I ordered a burger, so I expected just a burger. I read the menu and saw that it had a Hickory BBQ sauce and cabbage, so I thought, "yum, BBQ burger" but I was NOT prepared for the deliciousness that graced my palette. I can't even describe how this burger tasted. They found some kind of magical combination of flavors that had me going "oh my.." in between every bite. I know it sounds ridiculous to say so many things about a burger, but I am so serious. Then, my boyfriend ordered a cappuccino (which Brianna made herself), and he loved it. Now, you guys know what the atmosphere is like so there's no point going into too much detail. It's awesome. I absolutely love being in this restaurant. The lighting is intimate but abundant and the tables are perfectly sized and spaced. Table spacing is a HUGE bullet point for me, and I have never been unhappy with a table here. Overall, the food was ridiculously above par (even better than the other times I've been here), and I am SO glad we got Brianna as our waitress. Job well done, Harper's.
1	Used to be our staple, but each time I go back their food gets more and more greasy. Who in the world is their new chef???. And their garlic dressing is disgusting.
3	The food is always consistent here. We always ask for a window seat when we go. The service the last time we went wasn't as good as we were used to. The server was very abrupt and kept interrupting as we ordered. After a while she came and served our food  as she served my friends food she tilted the plate and spilled half of the fries on the table. If that wasn't bad enough, she started putting the spilled fries back on my friends plate. My friend stopped her and told her to just leave the fries there and not put them on the plate.  Then our server disappeared. When she finally was visible what was she doing but talking to a table of her friends.  No refills of our sodas or to check if we were doing OK. She was having too much fun with her friends. When she finally came over we asked for the check. My friend had a coupon from an email for $10 off the meal. The server snatched the coupon out of my friends hand and told us she would be right back. We had enough so we asked another server to get the manager for us. Josh was very sympathetic and told us that he would talk to the server.  The bad service rated a 2 but the food as usual was excellent and the way the manager stepped up made us rate our experience higher.
5	The fajitas were delicious!
1	We had our Christmas lunch there and it was not hot and the brisket was way too fatty.  One person also had food poisoning.  The place has gone down hill.  Very disappointing!
2	My wife and I have been dining at Harpers Southpark for over ten years. They once had the best patio in south Charlotte. No longer; first, the section under the vine covered arbor was converted to bar seating, now the wisteria is gone. Gone also is the consistency of food quality. Once a dependable choice for a good meal, it's now hit or miss. You can't even count on them having an acceptable sanitation grade.  Our lunch there yesterday may have turned us off for good.
2	I don't know why I continue to come here.  The food is decent but it takes so friggin ' long to arrive.  My lunch break is an hour.  I spend about half of it waiting for my food to arrive.  It's a sandwich, not an intricately constructed fine dining experience.
4	Always a great place! Remember going as a child at the original location on Woodlawn! This place is great always has been. Quality service and quality food. The chicken tenders are hand breaded and have been my favorite since a small child! The honey mustard is delish! For a more grown up taste ;) try the pizzas or pimento cheese! Yum!
1	I had the worst service at Harpers tonight. Service was lousy and indicative of how the service and food selections continue to slip.  I dine here frequently and tonight was a real DISAPPOINTMENT!
2	The food was pretty good/decent,but the service is so lousy,the waiter for our table seemed lost,I asked for juice he brought me less than half a glass of pineapple juice later I asked for a glass of water ,the guy just disappeared never came with the water.
5	Simply fantastic restaurant! I love the atmosphere, location, service, and great good.
3	I give it three stars based on the service not the food. Came in a Friday before the lunch crowd and sat at the bar for a quick bite to eat. Took several minutes for the bartender to breakaway from a conversation with other servers to acknowledge I had sat down. That's pretty much how the meal went - bartender more interested in chatting with other staff or texting on phone. Food was great. Had a simple club sandwich. That was fast to arrive at the table and was cheap.
4	I've been coming here for years. Great service. Great atmosphere. Across from SouthPark mall. Perfect for a date. Great food. Except to be honest, don't order the macaroni and cheese unless you want to go to the bathroom 8x in one day. I still give them 4 stars.
3	I came here for dinner one night with a friend and it was just ok. We ordered their guacamole for an appetizer and it was nothing special, very bland. I ordered their five cheese penne pasta without meat and it was fair. It tasted like a standard pasta dish from any other restaurant. My friend ordered the veggie burger and was pretty pleased with it. The atmosphere was dark which is nice but the decoration reminded me of eating in an Applebee's. I doubt that I would go here again.
5	We love Harper's!  The food is always good, and suits a variety of tastes. We went for Mother's Day and our table had fish tacos, a vegetable plate, PB&J Sushi with broccoli, and chicken & waffles.  We all enjoyed our meal.  The waitress was very attentive, and gave us several updates as to when to expect our food--but we came patient since it's a no-cook holiday for moms!  The worst part of the experience was the family behind us who basically let their toddler stare and pound a blunt object on the back of our booth while blasting Calliou from an iPad.  Not the restaurant's fault, but have some consideration for other diners. My kiddos would have (and were) taken out of the room if they disturbed other patrons and wouldn't listen.  Back to the review--we loved our time there, and will go back in the future!!
5	Harper's. Great place. Good food. Knowledgeable staff. Had the Cajun omelet for lunch on Mother's Day Big crowd, but staff did a wonderful job. I will return.
3	Terrific casual restaurant in SouthPark, with good burgers, sandwiches and salads. The Fish Tacos are particularly tasty! Service has been spotty, but it's  generally reliable. Add in a spacious patio for outdoor dining, and Harper's is fast-becoming my go-to place for lunch in South Charlotte.
4	This restaurant has been a Southpark staple for forever. I remember coming to eat here 20 years ago when my family first moved to Charlotte.  Always good food, but it is a limited menu and a little pricey for what the food is.    Great atmosphere with lots of intimate booths. You can see right into the whole kitchen from the dining room.  Convenient for take-out.  They have spots right out front to park for people picking up.
2	I went to this restaurant recently for dinner.  Service was bad overall with the food being fair.  The crab cakes were dry along with the pizza crust being burnt.  Took forever for the food.  Will probably not return here.
2	Usually there for lunch and the food used to be great.  Quality has went down as the price went up. Not worth going so much anymore.  Made the mistake of accidentally walking thru the kitchen and the manager was using language that was highly inappropriate.  Along with seeing all the cooks in the kitchen plating cooked prepared food and not one of them had on gloves.  That's highly disgusting.  Would never return if it wasn't close and had to bring clients there.  Will strongly be looking for a new lunch meeting spot.
1	Was there with an international group of colleagues recently.  I was very unimpressed. Humus dip that had far too much cumin in it. Soggy chips with a good steak. A double espresso that smelled and tasted more like the last bit of coffee that had been sitting in the thermos all day (which it probably was). Don't go there, there are lots of good alternatives in the area.
4	The food is pretty good, but overly priced in my opinion. We started with the dip duo app. The pimento cheese is very tasty. The guacamole was bland. A little salt could've helped. We shared fish tacos, a margarita pizza, and chicken tenders. Everything was good. But everything was $14+ for lunch items. We finished with the chocolate cake, which is amazing.
2	They are very good with gluten free, have a specialized menu.   Not so much for lactose intolerance.   Server did not know if any of the dishes contained butter, and did not offer to go check with the chef.  I ordered the flat iron steak, which came smothered in a spicy sauce. Had I known that, I would have asked for the sauce on the side.  Was stuck with french fries as the only certain lactose free option.  Would have preferred vegetables or roasted potatoes, but server did not know if eithe was prepared with butter.  My husband ordered the hickory grilled sirloin, which turned out to be a very odd cut and not particularly tender.   Server was very pleasant.  As this was my third trip to Harper's and none of the times was there options for lactose free, I will not be back.
1	Came here for brunch one day, we were so excited to start off with a carafe of mimosas. Then, the excitement slowly disappeared as we waited on someone to come to our table and greet us...and we waited...and we waited. And nothing :(. When we left we told the hostess that no one ever came to greet us and she just shrugged. Unfortunate because we wanted to mix-up brunch! Looks like we will stick with Flying Biscuit! Can't go wrong there.
