1	I seldom eat at McDonalds but my grandson prefers them and I like to cater to his likes when he viisits. Last evening was our third trip there and if I can help it it will be the last, It gets dirtier every time we go, the service staff are very unfriendly and many need training, they frequently are out of something or the machine is down, and they often get the order wrong. While this McDonalds is about 5 minutes from my home, I will spend another 15 minutes each way to go to another one in Scottsdale.
1	Ever see that film by Morgan Spurlock about McDonald's called "Super-Size Me?" I didn't eat at McDonald's for at least two years after being grossed out by that movie! That being said, my Wife and I were super tired, heading out for a camping weekend at night, and we needed something to eat. Along Shea Blvd there in Fountain Hills, there's Wendy's, which I have given up on (expensive, small, and crappy); Taco Bell (NEVER); Arby's (weird, fake roast beef); Subway (genera-sandwich); & a few others. Long and the short of it is this... This food was just plain lousy, tasteless, grotesque, cold, and supremely awful! Had some chicken-part nuggets dipped in sugar sauces of your choice, an "Angus" burger, and the fries were cold, gritty, and tasteless. I really can't understand how and why people eat "food" at these places? Besides the totally disgusting food, the bill was like 18 bucks for the two of us, there were flies all over, and people were smoking just outside the entrance. I was grossed out for the rest of the evening- So much so, we postponed the camping trip and left the next morning because we were both a little upset to our stomachs. Think I'm exaggerating? Go eat there yourself.
1	It was 11:30am and my wife was out with the girls for lunch and I was craving a nice greasy McDonald's hamburger and fries. This McDonalds was on my way home from a meeting and was the perfect place to fulfill my gastric cravings.At the drive through I ordered a quarter pounder with cheese meal. I live about 5 minutes from the McDonalds and my mouth was watering all the way home. Got home and unpacked my goody bag. I took one bite of the hamburger expecting my cravings to be answered. Well...the bun was HARD, the burger DRY and the fries were like dry straw! At least the diet coke was as advertised! I landed up throwing it all in the trash and eating a leftover salad from the fridge. The quality control at that McDonald's is horrible and I will never go back there again and would tell others to do the same for take out. Eat in, you can always go back to the counter and get a freshly made replacement.
1	Gross food horrible parking.
1	It's a bathroom stop.  Food is bad, place is always dirty, people are okay, iced tea is good.  Playground's always dirty, I would never let my kid play there.  Yuck.
