1	I bought an amazing TaylorMade golf bag for someone as a Christmas present and figured I would get his name embroidered on it. This embroidery was supposed to be the amazing finishing touch to the present but instead, Embroid Me ruined it.If you know anything about golf, you would know that the names on golf bags are always in CAPS. For example: JOHN SMITH, not John Smith. I brought the detachable pocket from the $180.00 golf bag into Embroid Me and picked out a font and paid $25.00. I was so thrilled to go in this afternoon to pick up the embroidered pocket and what does it say?? John Smith, not JOHN SMITH.It's a good thing I know a few things about golf, so I wasn't completely fooled by what Kevin at Embroid Me had to say. I was advised that only company names are in all caps...individual golfer names are usually in regular print as to not scream out the name. Completely incorrect. Check the guys on tour...their names are all in CAPS.Kevin, who seems like the manager, suggested that I bring him another pocket so he could embroider it for me right away. Great solution if the pocket didn't require me buying another golf bag for $180.00. I am still trying to see if I can purchase another pocket from TaylorMade individually. If not, I will have to gift the golf bag as is. Long story short...if they're in the embroidery business and advertise themselves as being able to customize golf bags, then do it correctly. Don't try to brush customers off with BS explanations about why their embroidery came out incorrectly.This place doesn't give you any sort of receipt or carbon copy to show your order. Kevin also admitted that he assumed regular letters when taking my order, not all caps (although he should've known!?). Make sure you specify every little detail because apparently they know nothing and will just assume instead of asking the customer.So much for a finishing touch. This was the first & also last time I will be going to this place.
5	I love this store! I have gone to several embroidery stores in Vegas and they have always ruined my scrubs and lab coats. I brought my scrubs here and they came out so good I brought in 10 more pairs! Kevin and Liz are super friendly and always willing to help their customers.
5	LOVE this store! The only embroider-er I will go to in Las Vegas!I've tried a few embroidery shops in Las Vegas, and most of the time I've experienced slow turn around and an unwillingness for custom requests. This embroidery shop is amazing. The owner is super nice and all the employees are very service-oriented and they deliver a GREAT product. They have delivered my items days ahead of schedule also. Their price is very fair. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
1	Had some work done here in the past which tbh was quite expensive but they didn't do me wrong so I tried giving them more work. After calling and following up THREE times I just gave up. This company is nonresponsive.
5	I called them on the phone to get information on potentially doing some embroidery work for a one-off birthday gift for my dad.  The man who answed the phone politely informed me that they do not do retail, one-offs anymore and focus on b2b.  However, he took time to direct me to other embroydery options that would be more of a suit for my needs.  I really appreciate it when businesses do this, which is why I want to leave them a good review.
