2	This was my first time experiences "Tibetan" food and wasn't impressed. I am experienced with Asian cuisine having living in China for 5 months. I must say this restaurant seemed like simple Chinese cuisine with with a bit of an Indian fusion. The food was bland and simple, maybe that's what Tibetan is like. If so, Tibetan food does not agree with my palate.
4	This food is delicious!  This was my first experience with Tibetan food, but it is influenced by Indian and Chinese food, so nothing was terribly foreign.  If you visit this restaurant, I highly recommend getting the dumplings (momo), which you can order as an appetizer or a meal.  I ordered a beef dish and the sauce was quite flavorful.  The rice was sticky, so eating with chop sticks was no problem.  My only complaint is that the beef seemed a bit overdone, but in my brief experience in Montreal, that seems to be a common trend.  The flavors overshadowed this minor flaw though.  The house wine I had was quite tasty, but I do recommend ordering red wine cold if you are there in the summer.  The dining room was quite warm, as was the wine.  If you start cold, it imagine that it will settle at a nice temperature fairly quickly.The decor is beautiful, the food is delicious, and there is a nice selection of beverages.  This restaurant would serve well for a date night or just a delicious and inexpensive dinner.
4	This was quite a tasty find I discovered with a friend while wandering around the Plateau/Latin Quarter in Montreal.  A lot of the restaurants in this area are set up in a bi-level fashion, there is a sunken ground level/basement as well as a "first floor" that you reach by stairs.  It makes for a lot of restaurants in a small area though sometimes you can miss somewhere good if you aren't looking closely at the signs and menus placed in front of the buildings since the actual store fronts can be hard to spot.  Luckily we saw this and the menu looked appealing so we gave it a shot.  The beef dumplings were quite good, with some flavors in there that were different than the Chinese food I am used to.  I also had a chicken curry which was much more mild and with a thinner sauce than an Indian curry.  The food was excellent, and the beer and wine selection, though limited was good.  Service was good though a little slow, we had no problem communicating in English with the staff however.
4	Good service, tasty food. However, I have never been to Tibet so I can't compare it to the authentic one.
4	I try to eat here every time I'm in town! I don't know what all is in the lentil soup, but I'm totally addicted to it. I find it equally satisfying in January or July. And the momos--we usually get an assorted platter--are superb. The atmosphere at Shambala is lovely--I'm always looking at the art and admiring the fabrics. While I do find the service slow, I could say that about nearly every Montreal restaurant I've been to--so it's probably a visiting New Yorker's impatience, at least in part. It can be very busy--visit at off-peak times for a better experience. Regardless, this is a great place to warm yourself up this winter. Come here with friends, or a sweetheart, for a well-priced, low-key comfort dinner. Try the momos.
1	The service was slow and our waitress unattentive. The manager didn't seem to want repeat business.The food wasn't anything particularly special either. There are much better choices.
3	Shambala has changed some stuff around since last I was in, and not for the better. The spice combinations in the lentil soup and some of the momos have changed, and very much for the worse. It's not nearly as pleasant a food experience as it used to be! I'll still be coming back, but both my dining partner and myself felt we would be changing our orders next time.
4	This is definitely one of the best Tibetan places I've been to. Good ambiance, great food and excellent service.Some of the other reviews complained about long wait times after ordering food. While this is partially true, the wait is worth it. The Momos and steamed buns don't taste like they were frozen. I attribute the wait time to those being freshly made.If seven years in tibet were accompanied with this cook - time would fly !
4	Yum yum. My first time trying Tibetan food but I'd try it again. Nice decor, there's an area in the back with some cushions to sit on, which looks comfortable.  There's a decent vegetarian selection on the menu, consisting of a selection of curries and momos (dumplings). I ordered the momos, which came with a side of lentil soup. The food took a bit to a bit to arrive, but it was worth the wait. The lentil soup was nothing special, but the momos were delicious. You can choose to have them steamed or panfried; I chose the latter. The momos come with a small side salad, and two dips: i think one was soy sauce and the other was some kind of yogurt-based dip. The momos were a combination of fillings, half of them had potatoes in them, and the other half had some filling that almost resembled sauerkraut. I don't even think the meal needs the side of soup because the dumplings are so filling, but maybe I just have a smaller appetite then most.The prices are decent for what you get, I'd definitely return here- maybe I'd try one of the curries.
3	So, if what you want is a cozy, soul soothing little hideaway on St Denis and food that comforts, you won't go too far wrong here. Tuck your feet up and slide/crawl into the pretty square benches and order up some veggie fried momos and you'll be well on your way to becoming ok. Speaking just to the food, I have to admit it's not exceptional. Everything I've tried sort of tastes like cabbage and potatoes - and maybe that's exactly what you need up there in the Tibetan Himalayas with China on your ass all the time and all you want is to find a little peace. You can support Tibet at Shambala by purchasing the items by the cash, 100% of profits go to the Free Tibet movement. You can also find info on Tibetan Buddhism here and meet some incredibly lovely people.
4	Tibetan salted butter tea 'Bho cha' () in wood teacups is wonderful.  The vegetarian 'Momo' () dumplings are also very good.  A very relaxing place to have dinner, and not too expensive either.
3	A great little Tibetan joint, Shambala pays tribute to the traditional eats of Nepalese cuisine. Don't worry, not so traditional where you have to squat on the floor to eat =)Momos, Himalayan dumplings, are quite delicious and I would recommend them. I usually go for the steamed ones since they're a little healthier that way, but pan fried tastes awesome as well.The Langsha Shamdey harkens some of the Indian influences on Tibetan cuisine and they do a decent rendition of it. Spicy and savoury, a good meal on a cold Winter's day.
4	Simply love their vegetarian dishes and chilled ambiance. The service could be faster but their food is worth waiting for. Except for desserts, which would have a greater selection, Shambala is perfect for a group outing!
4	Our waitress was attentive. We ordered the combination meal and were highly pleased.  there was enough food to share for two people. The pace was leisurely and the food was tasty
3	I had a relaxing and tasty dinner at this quaint and quiet Tibetan place.  We shared some yummy momos (mix of cheese, meat, and veggies) and then I had a rather fragrant and mild curry with chicken.  The restaurant is comfortable and we didn't feel rushed in the slightest.  A nice place for a quiet dinner with a friend or a date!
3	Incredible ambience that's set by meditation music and the cozy low seating at the back. We ordered a momo soup, a steamed bun and a beef curry with a side of rice. The food itself was unique but not particularly exciting. The waitress was helpful when we were ordering and answered all of our questions. The only issue was the incredibly slow service. Overall: I would reccommend trying out the place for the sake of the food but go with a lot of time and patience on hand.
4	Really gorgeous, interior - especially if you get lucky enough to snag the big cushiony square sofa type things down the bottom!Small but eclectic menu, with every option really tempting. The food was insanely good value, so a good starting point if you're new to Tibetan food. The curry I had was creamy, yet well seasoned and in a decent sized portion.Service wasn't crazy friendly, but still pleasant and efficient. The food came out fast and we were in and out of the place in less than an hour (just what we wanted as we were exhausted upon arrival in Montreal). But the cosy surroundings and fun atmosphere ensured that we could have lounged there all night had we wanted to.
4	This place was great - as a vegetarian, it's always  joy when I find places that do a good job with their options. The momos are fantastic - Tibetan dumplings with a variety of cheese, potatoes, and vegetables. The butter tea (which I had heard of but never tried) is warming and surprisingly both filling and sweet. The danish desert was akin to a cinnabon (danish with cinnamon and really sweet), deep-fried, covered in a sugary cheese sauce - which, although sounding different, was phenomenal.The ambiance is comfy and home-y with posters and information on Tibet, as well as meditation music playing in the background, both relaxing and setting the mood. It was quiet, maybe not great for large groups, but for small groups or (intimate) dates, it would be ideal. If you can, try to reserve the window seating. Staff were courteous, although a bit slow - not horribly, but noticeably. Overall, a wonderful, albeit different, experience.
3	The Bho-Cha tea (salted butter tea) is a bit everybody's cup of tea. It's for the risk takers. Definitely doesn't taste like regular milk.
