4	The new McDonald's carries on with the modern designs of their current restaurants in and out of Las Vegas. The drink refill stations are easily accessible.Nice seating throughout including booths, round tables, leather chairs around circular tables, and pub style high stools. There are several LCD screen TV's inside to catch a sporting event or news.Glass is used to separate areas of the restaurant while simultaneously allowing for a open feel. The overly sized and low hanging chandelier creates a center focus to this slightly smaller square footage restaurant. There is no play place for kids.The LCD ordering screens are cool and add to the futuristic theme. I will be back because Blue Diamond Road is highly accessible from the I-15 freeway in both directions.
1	The fries were cold and tasted like they were sitting out forever... Isnt McDonalds supposed to be known for their fries?? I posted a pic...
2	Food is what you expect from mcds. But the service is horrible. I had bought lots food. They handed me a handful of ketchup. But when I asked for another sauce, like ranch or sweet n sour. They only gave me one packet. Then they said they charge 25 cents for any extra packets. Mcds has become greedy. After spending like 15 dollars on food. They wanna charge for sauce. Screw them. Ill go to jacks where they give you any amount of sauce you want for free.
1	I've ate here dining in about a month ago around 3 in the afternoon. The service was far from great. The manager took our order with no smile, and had the look of I could care less on her face. Atleast who ever was in the kitchen served us fresh food, and THANK YOU! I'm used to having to complain about the food. But hopefully this manager was just having VERY off day. I might give it another try, but I do not think it will be the near future.The one inside Arroyo Crossing shopping center treats me better!
1	They ignored our attempts to order and would not acknowledge us at the window when we tried to see if anyone was even there. So rude and the food is cold.
1	I travel a ton. This has to be the worst service I have ever experienced!  Pitiful. How tough is it?
1	@McDonalds #34841 change over #disaster arrive at 10:32 to order breakfast #NO, lunch order placed at 10:38 got order at 10:54. HORRIBLE!!!Try to get breakfast at 10:31am on a Sunday. Good luck. They will not give you your drink cup while you are waiting. They tell you it will come out with the order. Service staff ignore customers at the counter. One disgruntled family was so frustrated on their order not getting delivered that they wanted a refund. The cashier ignored them which infuriated them more. When the cashier finally acknowledged them it got worse. They had two receipts (around $27 worth of food) and the cashier kept trying to total them both to give them their money back and she could not get the right number which upset the guest more. Advice to the cashier: Refund one receipt at a time. (No Math Involved)This is a beautiful McDonalds but the staff is NOT FRIENDLY, POLITE or COURTEOUS. How about the friendly greeting that other McDonalds do and a wave or Thank You when you leave. Recommend that you dismantle this team and start from scratch because they obviously were never taught or forgot the core values of McDonalds corporation.
1	Day and time of incident: Sunday, April 6, 2014 - 10:40am.I'll make it brief.. ordered food, 20 minutes later, still no food. Hungry, want to get on the road asap. Decided instead of arguing for food to get refund and head across the street to In N Out. (Should of been first choice, shot my own foot!) *sigh*Not exactly sure who is at fault here, whether management or employee.  Apparently this female employee did not have the competence to add up my order and refund my money.. maybe if she was a teenager, that would of been excusable.  As she was pushing buttons on the monitor and looking back and forth at my receipt, she started twitching and looked liked the monitor was a ticking time bomb from how fast she was going trying to disable it from blowing her into smithereens. After a few unfortunate attempts and still unable to add up the order to the equivalent price for refund, she jumped, panicked, starting speaking gibberish and then turned around and left to the back of the kitchen.Extremely disrespectful leaving us there and would say unprofessional of her but then again, not sure if her (just assuming) G.E.D or high school diploma even covered that term. Which then points to management and the kind of training they provide to their employees.Poor lady, sure do feel sorry for her. Supervisor gave me my refund, ate a delicious burger from In N Out, drove back to California.Customer Service = ZERO stars.Words of Wisdom:Stay In School Kids and Get Good Grades.
3	Want fast food McDonald's is always a classic been going to McDonald's since I was little kid.oh memories lol  If you are on a budget and not on a diet McDonald's is you place to be.lolHappy eating xoxoxo
1	Came here before i left for home.  I ordered the Big Mac combo meal. I feel like crap now.  My stomach has sharp pains.  Threw up 3 times and cant get off the toilet...now i need to drive 7 hours back to the california coast.  I dont recommend this place if your traveling.
1	No straw + 30 min drive thru time = RIDICULOUS!!!! Wake up you are on the morning shift. Drink some coffee. Listen to your customers. I told them what I ordered at the second window before they gave me my food and they still tried to give me the wrong food. Don't even ask me if you insist on giving me food that isn't mine. Thanks for the no straw too. Appreciate that.
5	Looking at these other reviews maybe I came on a good day, employees were fast and efficient with a smile.  Place is nice and clean for a busy Mcdonald's. A good stop before heading home.
2	Okay so 5 stars for the really nice random chandelier in the center of the whole place and really nice ceiling designs, haha. :)Boyfriend and I usually don't go to a McDonalds, but we were totally craving a smoothie and, again, we were just reminded again of why we don't go to McDonalds... No, it's not because of the workers (I know most of them get put up with shit because they work at fast food) but it was really because of the drink and food itself... The smoothie just tasted so fake and artificial... I didn't enjoy it at all... But I did enjoy the really pretty chandelier... Thanks though, McD's.
3	Clean inviting atmosphere for decor, and the staff is friendly!
