4	I came here with a few people on a Wednesday night and we were the only ones there.  That being said, we got undivided service!  I believe the place just had a grand opening as well.  The service was great, they played good music and the prices were reasonable.  I tried the sedona roll, lobster roll, and chicken wings. The food was delicious and presented well.
4	Went for a quick lunch of delicious sushi from the endless conveyor belt of $2 plates. I got a little carried away, but it was really good. The menu looked good too, but I didn't try anything. This one will be in the regular rotation for sure.
5	Decided to try out Eastwind after a couple friends and I had seen it was open last month.Recently, I have been addicted to Teharu as it has a similar conveyer belt system but after trying out Eastwind I highly doubt I will be going back to Teharu!The presentation of the sushi was fantastic!  The Rainbow Roll actually looked edible compared to Teharu's.  In general, they had much higher quality fish compared to the aforementioned sushi joint.Overall, if you're hungry for a quick bite of sushi, I'd definitely try this place out!I'll be back!:)
3	Eastwind sushi is pretty ok. It's not the best sushi in the Valley by any means, but it'll do a good lunch for you. If you're going to sit at the bar and get plates (only $2/each which rocks), sit near the cooks - you'll get first dibs on everything that comes out. Sitting near the front door creates a more pleasing a friendly atmosphere for big groups, but sometimes the fresh plates don't make it to you before it's picked over! Still, if you ask the waitress or waiter to make something specific for you, they'll make a bunch of them and then you're sure to get what you want! Only downside here is it takes quite a while for drinks to arrive, and then you usually have to ask for you check - tip: ask for your check 5-10 minutes before you actually want/need to leave.
4	Love this place, sushi is good and great customer service!
4	Good sushi, and a fun time. A good place to take a casual first date. The staff is very nice. The belt always had something I wanted to try, or have another one of. At dinner on a Friday at 5:30pm it was not crowded at all.
4	Good fast lunch in downtown Chandler. We went there a bunch when they first opened... new owners, new chefs, but same in-store management. The last place we never went to because it was so bad... At first they seemed to have really changed and cleaned things up... We eat there once or twice a week getting food of the conveyor belt mostly... at lunch it rotates out fast and the service with drinks and checks is pretty fast. They're pretty attentive and come around often to see if things are okay and will order stuff up if it's not on the blet.. .like everybody takes the gyoza pretty fast but if you want some she'll get it made for you. And at $2/plate you can rip through 6-10 and be pretty full. They do have a killer bento box lunch that's pretty big but FYI... they're slow to bring that out. If your friends are doing the belt they'll be almost done by the time you get your bento box out. it's good though and a LOT of food for $8.50.Haven't been there for dinner... I'd rather go elsewhere for killer sushi but it's a great lunch place and we'll be back.
5	Love Love Love this sushi place!!It may not be the best sushi, in all the land, but it is quite good.  And there is no way you can beat, with what you get, the price they offer for it. They have a sushi conveyor belt and all the plates on it are only $2! Even if you don't want just that, they have great prices on their regular entree items.  I also got the chicken terriyaki bowl and it was heavenly.  Another amazing thing, if you like to drink, is that they have $6 Sake Bombs.  That is a deal you can not pass up nor can you get a better one anyone else.  We ended up being there for about 3 hours having a great time on a Friday night. Not to mention, their staff is awesome. They took care of us the entire time we were there and seemed like they were having a good time as well. They always smiled and were around quite often to make sure we didn't need anything else. The waiters, as well as the sushi chefs, were super friendly and make me wish we had sushi places like this back home.I can't wait to come back here when I get back out to Chandler!  Thanks!
5	Eastwind Sushi took over after my beloved Sushi Eye in Motion closed.  Some of the same staff was there, however, so that was a welcome sight.  Most of the sushi is exactly what Sushi Eye offered, but now at a cheaper price.  I haven't noticed a reduction in quality, either.  The staff is friendly, the experience fun, and the variety plentiful.  Be sure to try the Eastwind roll.  Delicious!  Other favorites of mine are the Climax roll (spicy tuna with tuna on top...I love tuna!) and the ASU roll (has Jalapeno on top, so great if you like spicy).  Be sure to ask for the spicy tuna poppers, too.  You will like them. :)  My husband loves the tempura mushrooms, too.  I'm actually not completely sure what they are called... it's a tempura friend mushroom with crab.  This is a great place to go if you want to try new dishes without ordering a whole roll.  If you like sushi, it's worth trying at least once.  For me, it's one of my favorite places and I go back as often as I'm able.
5	This is my new favorite sushi place in the Valley of the Sun. Great prices, fresh,  and awesome service.  Overall very happy.
2	I'm actually surprised by the higher ratings. We didn't think it was that great. The staff wasn't very knowledgeable about the sushi or the menu items. Anything we asked the response we got was in a bubbly voice of "I don't know!" While I appreciate her friendliness and upbeat attitude I felt she should know more about the sushi and the dishes they serve. My boyfriend got the orange glaze chicken. It was...okay, but definitely way over priced for what you got. $8.50 for that dish and it was mostly rice and a salad with a bit of chicken. The small salad was depressing looking with the unknown orange sauce (again, the server didn't know what it was but laughed about it). My BF didn't eat it so we're still not sure what it was but it resembled thousand island.The sushi wasn't good either. Now we do have some friends who loved their sushi which is why we tried Eastwind's but for us it truly fell short. We arrived right when they opened so all the sushi should have been prepared fresh and it definitely wasn't. The Tempura was complete mush and the tastes just seemed truly off. The flavors didn't blend and melt in your mouth at all. I did enjoy the New York Crunch Roll, I believe was the name. It was the one great roll in a line of unsatisfactory rolls. The other sushi rolls were tasteless, mushy and seemed to have been from the prior day.Our favorite place is Seksun Sushi Go-Round on Ray, just west of Alma School. We have been there over a dozen times and we've never been disappointed. Give Seksun a try!
3	After a long Sunday of doing yard work, the Girlfriend and i decided to go our for dinner and try out this new revolving sushi restaurant in downtown Chandler. Didn't really order any food, just sat up at the bar and watched as the plates of sushi rolled by. Each plate cost no more then 2.00 which is a great price, but the portion of sushi is small. You get 2 to 3 small cuts per plate. The restaurant wasn't busy at all but they had 30 plus plates moving on this conveyor belt?! which made me asked myself "how fresh were the sushi".The Sushi it self was very delicious and jammed packed with flavor. Just took 10 plus plates to fill me up ^_^.
2	I have to agree with Alison T's review. I was pretty disappointed with this place.First the positives - cute place, clean, friendly service (albeit clueless), $2 plates, $1.99 Kirin pints.$2 plates consist of 2 small pieces. I don't think it's really a good deal considering how much you need to eat to be satisfied let alone full.Also, the food was not good. (Eek I just twinged a bit because that sounds really harsh, but it's true). The spicy dumpling soup was inedible. Way too spicy! And I'm saying this as someone who loves even the spiciest of Thai food and the like. And the flavor was gross. Tasted like unfiltered tap water. Ick. I didn't even get to the dumplings.One roll had cream cheese in it instead of avocado, which it was supposed to have. I also had the Adkins roll, the only rice free, cucumber wrapped roll they had. It just fell apart when I picked it up. In fact, both rolls were just sloppy in execution.The kids had teriyaki chicken and rice. Chicken smelled bad. They just ate rice and edamame.I also feel the price point is too high for Chandler. They have their rolls priced at North Scottsdale prices. So irritating. $12 for an Adkins roll? Maybe at Sting Ray at the Biltmore!$120 for some really mediocre food on a Sunday afternoon? Not happy about it.
5	This place was awesome. I liked choosing any plate of sushi on a whim. When something delicious scrolled on by- I just grabbed it. What a great idea! It makes for a speedy lunch. I went here with my boss because his kids love the place. Well it just so happens that I love sushi, too! It was cool to check out a different sushi place than the usual RA or Stingray.
2	The only reason I like this place is because the sushi plates are $2 and you can literally walk in, sit down and start eating. I had the California roll, Climax roll and shrimp tempura. The California was so so. It tasted like sushi out of the supermarket. Super crunchy vegetables were inside (which I can't stand). The climax roll ended up having cream cheese in it when it clearly says it doesn't on the description and the shrimp tempura was "okay". It was tasty, however, unacceptably cold. I was hoping to have at least a 3 star experience coming here considering the Yelp reviews say it's amazing. But I'd rather stick to Pearl and pay 7.50 for a roll, at least I know it's fresh and will be delicious.
3	A few people from work go here a couple of times per month.  We've had great experiences and not so great experiences. Pros: Food is good when it's fresh and not on the conveyor belt too long.Quick & convenient way to have lunch during the work week.Great price $2 a plate.Cons:Had lipstick on a water glass once.Hair under a piece of sushi once.Service can be slow if you're ordering off the menu.
3	This would be my third spot for sushi since I live in arizona. The review seemed worth a try. I took my niece who loves sushi. We sat on the counter in front if a conveyor belt that serve $2 dish if sushi, tempura, gyoza. Sashimi. I think for $2 it worth to try it if you don't care for what u pay for. Because to me the sushi smell fishy and I don't like that. To me this just means it's not as fresh. But if your taking a group out while on a budget. This would be a great spot. (I included some pictures of my meal)
3	Excellent prices and the place is very clean but they need to work on their variety.  I go there often because my son has a class right around the corner and it is just not worth driving home then back.  A few of the rolls are good but they are the same over and over again.  Someone needs to update the menu and add more to the mix.  They also need to put more sushi out as opposed to just rolls.  You also get the feel that some of the dishes have been sitting on the belt for too long as the rice sticks to the plate.  This place fixes my sushi lust for a few days but when I need good sushi I have to go to Shimogamo or make the trek out to Toyama or Yasu in Scottsdale.
5	$2 sushi plates for lunch? Awesome! And it wasn't just Cali rolls - had many of my faves, like Rainbow, Dynamite, Dragon & New York! Plus edamame, tempura shrimp - even dessert! Boyfriend & I picked plates off the conveyor (cute!) & ate till we were full - and got out of there only $20 (after beverages) + tip. Attentive service, fresh tasty affordable rolls. Definitely come back when I'm on this side of town! Eastwind, can you open a central Phoenix location for hungry ASU students & gov't employees? Pretty please?? :)
4	A real enjoyable experience! The rolls were prepared well and tasted great. I went there twice in 1 day. I give the staff kudos for they're attentiveness. I would suggest Eastwind to anybody who loves sushi when in Chandler,Arizona.
1	This place really lacks the organization from the wait staff (waitress and kitchen staff). Two of the staff were running around, pretty clueless. They seem so overwhelmed. We didn't get water until 30 min. later, no plates and the kitchen staff allegedly lost our order slip. The restaurant is part conveyor belt and the other half is a sit down restaurant. The conveyor belt is limited in sushi dishes, pretty boring for a conveyor belt restaurant. The sushi was ok. The wait staff was the main issue for me. I will not come back to this restaurant.
3	I have eaten here two times, first on the Summer and the last one on Winter. I made the distinction because i found the sushi tastier and a tad fresher on the former than the latter. Maybe my taste buds is sharper during the dry hot season, but the eating experience is definitely more unforgettable. If you are planning to eat here on the cold months, i would recommend that you have a hot green tea with your sushi; it just feel less fishy and bloated with it.What made me come back and most likely would made me come back again is the enjoyment of sitting on the bar counter and watching the revolving belt with plates of sushi/rolls beautifully arranged for the diner's eye. Two dollar per plate is very reasonable, some have two or three rolls, but the real treat is watching the sushi chef made his magic on his mini kitchen adjoining the counter.Eastwind is centrally and quietly located in Downtown Chandler and a nice mix from the other restaurants around. The tables are generally well kept and i think the rather dim interior compliments the harsh sun outside. The waiters and waitresses are warm and helpful on sushi/menu-related questions, and also quick on the service. New or expert sushi lovers should give this place a try.
2	I went here with a friend for lunch today and it was just ok. I'm new to eating sushi so I don't have a lot to compare it to. I also play it safe sticking to things like California and Shrimp Tempura rolls. We sat at the bar and sampled some of the conveyor belt sushi. The spicy California roll and shrimp tempura roll were both ok. Some of it wasn't rolled very tight and fell apart. We also sampled the shrimp tempura which was crispy, but pretty flavorless. We ordered the Pad Thai to share and I thought it was pretty gross. It was very sweet and watery and the ingredients didn't seem very fresh. Overall this place wasn't bad, but not good either. The $2 sushi plates lured me in but I could have easily eaten 10 of those which would have gotten pricy. And it got busy on a week day at about 11:30 and the service was pretty unorganized. We didn't get drink refills and had to go to the register to get our check. They could have used another employee or two.
1	Hot. Mess. No other way to describe the fact the sushi belt had no plates as it rotated endlessly, leaving hungry diners staring longingly for some morsel of food.Service staff was frantic, literally running between tables. We were sat by a frazzled waitress who forgot about  us after dropping off our drinks. After sitting and watching the sushi-less sushi belt go by  for about 10 minutes, we got up and paid for the drinks we didn't even consume. What did frazzled waitress do? Not even acknowledge or apologize forthe lack of service.I wanted to support this small local restaurant but rest assured I will not be back any time soon, many more deserving establishments out there who deserve the support.
4	For the price this place is fantastic. It all really depends on when you go. They keep odd hours so try and time your dinning experience to when they just open up. Otherwise when its close to closing time, the sushi selection dwindles. Good food good price.
5	I always weight the price-quality ratio and this place is off the chart.Great friendly service, super decent food at ridiculous prices.The bar has a belt where the dishes are displayed and rotating and each plate is $ 2, yes TWO dollars.A party of two (good eaters), plenty of food (maybe a little too much), two beers (the draft is $1.99) and a soft drink for $ 27.00I'll be back soon!Cheers
3	Lets begin.... 2.5 Stars, but since the place was very Clean and the staff was pretty good, I will give them the roundup of 3.we tried a few of the sushi go round items, lava roll, Vegas Roll, and even tried the mushrooms.. We also got the Pad Thai, and my wife thought it was great, but I thought it had a tad bit much vinegar in it.. Not exactly what i was wanting, I am more of a Pad See ew type..for the price,,, Great Deal, now if you have an educated sushi palate, you might want to skip this place, though the food was fresh enough, but this place wouldn't even compare to Sushi King, in asia and in Asia, Sushi King was the dumbed down fast food cheap place..,,.
2	If all the restaurants in the area are closed and your super hungry, this is the place for you.The food is relatively inexpensive but the quality also reflects it. The selection of the sushi on the carousel belt is very low. The food from the kitchen is also not much to talk about. I believe these people stay afloat because they're across the street from the Crowne Plaza San Marcos Resort and unknowing visitors from out-of-state are trying them. The others are locals that are coming from other nearby businesses where the line is too long and "we" forget to check yelp! You know the old "I could of had a V-8" ad where the person bonks their head, Yup "I should checked YELP" BONK! They get bumped to two stars for the nice server we had and that the food was $$. CHEERS!
5	This place worked out so conveniently and I had never been. Definitely met my expectations. Good sushi everything plate is $2 and the staff was super nice! I'll be back! (:
5	I give this place 5 starts because my husband and I come here very often. Is it the most amazing sushi in the entire world? No. But for the price, you cant beat it. It always tastes good and fresh. The service here has always been amazing- So attentive, but not annoying. Always greeted with a smile. They have an appetizer that is sometimes on the rotation, but sometimes we just order it. It's mushrooms fried stuffed with crab- AMAZING! Even if you order them, they are only about $4. We usually order those, get some sake and take quite a few plates off the rotation and end up spending about $40. To fill up on pretty good sushi and a reasonable price, with a drink each, is a great deal- not to mention we have NEVER had bad service here. We will continue to frequent this place!
2	This place is okay. The sushi is very average and the service is a little confusing at times. I worry about the sushi on the rotating conveyer belt...I feel that sometimes it stays out for too long to be safe. I have seen rolls with raw fish on the conveyer belt from the time I arrived that are still on there when I leave. Who knows how long it was on there before I arrived and how long was it there after I left? Also I don't trust it to keep my raw fish at a safe temperature, which is why I won't eat there during the summer. It is just a 2 star place...there is definitely better sushi out there.
3	I like the sushi but the porting sizes weren't that great. They advertise $2 plates but I have gotten better quality sushi at different places. The restaurant was clean and the staff was also friendly. I don't think we will be eating here again. The directions were also wrong on maps. Make sure you got to the north west corner.
2	First time at this place. Employees did not know the menu, they could not tell me how many pieces came on a plate (conveyor belt) verses ordering it off the menu. Then I was told that I had to order a roll off the menu because they were not busy enough to put it on the conveyor. No catering to the customer... Here is the big kicker... After I was done eating (about 10 minutes later) and getting checked out... here comes the roll that I wanted on the conveyor belt. There was only one other couple in the restaurant. Really??? I really don't think I will be back.
4	Ok so sushi is my thing and I'm all about it. I do have a few stipulations though.1. NO cream cheese. It doesn't belong. Do you think they have that in Japan??!!2. I'm not really about the deep frying. I'll have it on occasion if I'm feeling like a fatty but otherwise, we came to eat something fresh yes? Yes.That being said, rotating sushi bars are genius! Quick, cheap, and you get to pig out while trying a bunch of selections! Now I think it is important to know what to expect based on where you are going. For example, I'm not going to go to Denny's and order a t-bone then be upset when it is tough and chewy, let's call things like they are people.But I would say this rotating sushi bar is definitely on my radar. LOTS of choices and all at $2 a piece! Now some may have complaints that the sushi may be left out too long, but let's use some common sense! Watch the chefs put the plates on the belt and take the new stuff they put out! Also, I am happy with the customer service. I did have a little snafu and they cut my bill in half, and on the request I did not hoot or holler, just politely let them know what happened and they were sure to take care of it. Oh and they put Monday Night Football on. Winning in my book.I'm telling you.... the conveyor belt style restaurants are where it's at!
4	The best conveyor belt sushi I've had in the valley so far, and at $2 a plate, it's good cheap eats. Waitstaff are always super friendly. Portions are great for the price of the food, and it's always clean. Tables and bar seats are cleaned immediately after the customer leaves. The place is usually pretty busy during dinner hours(haven't been for lunch yet), which means there's a high turnover of sushi on the conveyor belt so it's always fresh. I'm always looking for excuses to make the drive from Mesa to eat here. :)
5	Even though it's a rotating sushi bar,  the sushi is fresh and the noodle bowls are amazing!  Bento lunch boxes are huge and good,  staff is wonderful especially Rose! hidden gem in chandler
4	This is one of the strangest places I have ever been in my life.Let me cut to the chase: The food is on a conveyor belt and it moves around and if you want it, you have to grab it off of the conveyor belt. They have normal tables too and a normal menu, but it seems like that's just for people without the agility to get the real food, or maybe they came in and were too embarrassed to sit at the conveyor belt, but also too embarrassed to leave so they just acted like everything was normal and sat at a normal table, but guess what people: IT ISNT NORMAL AND EVERYONE KNOWS IT.Also, when we went there was a lot of smoke in the place, and the lady running the joint was very appologetic and said that the fan in the kitchen had broken and that they were getting it repaired immediately, but honestly I think she was trying to distract people and increase the difficulty of getting the food. I don't know why she would do this because she seemed like a very nice woman, but I just have a feeling. Either way, it's gonna take more than some smoke to keep me from getting food when I'm hungry! We sat at the conveyor belt bar thing and the food came around and before I knew it I had snagged 7 plates and was feeling kind of funny from all the saki and smoke and it was a great time. To make things easier every plate was $2 so the math was east to do to figure out if I should keep eating more food or not.So this place was pretty fun. It's not sushi like at a really good sushi place, but it's not stale old sushi either. I'd say it's a step above sushi you'd get in the grocery store, and the price is reasonable, and holy cow what a time.
