5	I highly recommend this hair salon to anyone! Aimee was amazing and with just a few requests from me she ran with it and I left happier than I've been in awhile with my hair! This salon just opened and I would love to see it stay open, plan on recruiting my mom to come here and I plan on goin every time I need a new style:) thanks Aimee!
5	Great salon. Professional, yet relaxed environment and the stylists do a fantastic job. Will be back and can't recommend enough.
5	I work two blocks over so stopped in on a whim because I've had bad luck with other places recently.  Great haircut, atmosphere and people.  Definitely would recommend.
5	I had the best experience at Snips. My color is perfect thanks to Stefanie and I loved my blow out. My appointment was so fun and I can't wait to go back in April to get a cut and color touch up. My sister also gets her hair done here and her color and cut turn out great every time. I highly recommend Snips!
5	Stephanie is awesome!  She is totally giddy about hair and doing whatever you want to it!  I went in just knowing I wanted it short - we talked it out but I mostly left it in her hands and of course it looks AWESOME!  Seriously love these gals!  Oh and for $30?  Seriously?  Can't beat it!
5	After going through Hodgkins Lymphoma a few months ago, and losing quite a bit of my hair, I realized with the summer months approaching, it was time to shed all my fabulous wigs and start rocking my new short hair.Upon a few good Yelp reviews and the fact that this salon is located in one of my favorite parts of Uptown, I made an appointment at Snips....And snagged one of of the best hairstylists I've ever had, and one that I felt so comfortable with to do this big change with.Amiee was professional, empathetic to my situation, made me so comfortable during my appointment I spent most of it trying not to laugh too hard while she was cutting my hair....But most of all, she did an absolutely amazing job. My new short haircut looks "sassy" as at least over 10 people have told me today.Kudos to this salon and Amiee for an amazing job on my hair, but also restoring my self esteem.I will be a lifelong client :)
5	Amazing! Stephanie and Amy were so enthusiastic about giving me a FANTASTIC cut and color, which is saying something because I have super long, thick hair. They stayed open way past closing just to give me the perfect look, after it was a last minute appointment and they were so positive and welcoming the whole time. It was just what I needed after a crazy bad week. I cant wait to go back!
5	I came from Boston to Charlotte for a black tie wedding. Not being super girly, I knew I would need some help with my hair and makeup. After reading some reviews on Yelp, I decided to make an appointment with Snips. I enjoyed getting the email confirmations and notifications about my appointment. The salon was conveniently located and Aimee was super nice when I arrived, offering me a drink. She did a great job listening to what I wanted and giving me her excellent style advice. The experience was great and actually took less time than she quoted me. I was extremely pleased with the results - and I have literally never gotten so many compliments on my hair. It was beautiful and I spent all of dinner recommending her to my local friends!
