5	I love Diane & her face painting! She will be doing my son's bday parties for as long as he is a kid, as well as our business events. She has worked for us a total of 3 times, and she has made each of our private & public events a hit! LOVE IT!!!!!!
5	This is kind of late! But as my prev reviews says....Diane will keep doing the face painting at any bday parties I have for my son! She is amazing! I love her work, he personality while painting & not painting! She livens up the party & makes even adults want to get their faces painted! Frickin Awesome!!!!!
5	Ok, so this lady is seriously talented.Seriously.Like artist talented.  These aren't your typical, run of the mill face paintings.I'll attach a few pics of the work she did on my hand and my boyfriend's face (he wanted a painting to look like he fell into a cactus)I like.
5	Awesome!  It is sooo much fun for me to take part in activities that make me feel like a kid again!  Honestly if acting child-like could be considered a hobby, I'd say it's my favorite hobby!  That being said, this artist made me feel like a beautiful little girl all over again!  She was so sweet and so swift with her painting!  Wow!  I told her to just paint whatever felt right.  :)  She painted my pretty swirly, starry design in like 5 minutes tops!  And she did it all with a smile!  :)  I hope she will be at the Ostrich Fest in Chandler, and I hope I can get my face painted by her again!  Awesome!
5	Diane is a very sweet lady with lots of talent.  My boyfriend and I got dragons painted on our faces at the Yelp Desert in Bloom party. She definitely exceeded our expectations. Very intricate, beautiful, and FAST! Great for adults and kids :)
5	Dianne really is Frickin' Awesome!We met her today at the Yelp event at Kiwanis park. She did face painting on myself, my boyfriend, and two of my female friends. Everyone was fantastic. She can and will paint literally anything you ask for butterflies, gnomes, dinosaurs, motorcycles, whatever.She is also a total sweetie and was pleasant to deal with. I will be hiring her for my 30th Birthday party.
5	Wow ! how does she do it? She takes about 5 minutes , a load of colors and you end up with a personalized , stylized gorgeous picture. It looked like she waved a magic wand and magically made it happen! My daughter was thrilled and went home and promptly took a picture so she could remember how beautiful it looked.
5	Dianne is amazing. AH MAY ZING.  You have no idea the absolute amazingness and awesomeness that come out of her brush. From a black/red biker chick rose on my bicep to a crab fighting a shark on a small child to an out of this world T-rex on my friend's cheek, she does some of the best freehand facepainting I have ever seen.Not only that, but she has an excellent presence, and is sweet, kind, and good with both adults and children. Plus, she had glitter!I was incredibly impressed with her, and wished that I was having my wedding in AZ. If so, I'd definitely hire her to add a little sparkle (pun totally intended) to our special day.
5	Definitely deserves the title :) Artistic, professional, fast, and punctual. It pains me every time I have to wash it off. She's amazing.
5	Dianne is awesome, she has painted some awesome pictures for me at a few events.  Highly recommended.
5	Wow! I had Dianne over for my lil'un's birthday party this past weekend and she was amazing! She came 10 minutes early in her butterfly wings, set up everything very quickly and was ready to go! She has such a gentle presence about her that all the kids just kinda gathered around her and did not hesitate a bit about getting their faces painted. All the adults took part too and it was really so painful to have to wash everything away at the end of the day because the face painting looked awesome and perfect!I saw her do beautiful butterflies, birds, flowers, disney characters, trucks, dragons, cats, tigers and a bunch of other things. She said that if we could show her a picture of anything we wanted on our face, she could do it. So one kid had her do transformers on his hands and they looked very accurate. She did that by looking at a picture on someones phone and it only takes like 2 minutes for her to finish a face. We ended up keeping her for an extra half an hour and she was only going to charge me for one hour and I was like, you came 10 minutes early, stayed late, you deserve your full charge. She is the sweetest thing ever. I would not hesitate in recommending her to my friends. She made my kids birthday party so very extra special.
5	AMAZING!! Dianne did a wonderful job at a birthday party I attended, I can not wait to book her for my son's birthday in September. She is beyond talented with the brush, and very patient and good with kids.
5	A girlfriend and I hired Dianne for our "hot mommas" birthday party. Dianne did an AMAZING job. She painted all of the children's faces, then all the moms. Most of us had images from websites we wanted her to recreate (think Cirque du Soliel) and they turned out better than the original! We got  a lot of attention when we went dancing. Very talented. Awesome personality. We'll be calling Dianne again.
5	Dianne was amazing!  She painted over 2 dozen people at my daughters birthday party in 2 hours. Not only is she quick, but her artistic abilities are OUTSTANDING! She definitely won us over and all of our guests.  Thanks, Dianne.
1	I booked her for my daughter's party, and she double-booked herself. Now I know the reason she asks YOU to call and confirm the day before your party. Then she made it seem as if I misunderstood her when our entire "booking" conversation was well documented by text messages. I don't think there is a way for me to misunderstand the words "my other client fell through, I'm available for your party". Luckily the lady she pawned me off on ended up being available and amazing. Look elsewhere.UPDATE 5/28/12: I was going to leave my review as what it is - the truth. But now after receiving an email from this "business" owner asking me to change my review, and NOW accusing me of sending someone I don't even know to rate her badly, I had to update and confirm that I absolutely stand by my 1st review. The owner sent me an email a few months back asking me to give her a better review because her life was busy w/ work and school or something (I already deleted email). It was more of a "poor me" email, than an apology. I thought...you know what, I'm not even replying to this because I'm a mother, full-time student, and have a full-time day job and I make it work. No excuses. Plus, her follow-up comment makes it seem like she knew she was over-booked, but planned to send me to another face-painter...That couldn't have been the case because when I called to "confirm" her presence at my party, she had no clue who I even was!! I had to explain every little detail of when we talked and who I was before she gave me a # to another face-painter HOPING (not knowing) whether this other person would be booked or not. So don't act like you had it all planned out and under control.  After skimming through her other reviews this morning, I see that now she thinks that any bad review must be from me or one of my minions. Let me say I have absolutely no idea who the other 1-star commenter is. I am connected as a friend on Yelp with everyone I do know, and its sad that I have to defend that fact.  If you look at any of my other reviews, you will see I gave out 4 or 5 stars for every other company, and that is because they deserved it. Bottom line, a business is a business, you aren't the only person trying to make it through this hectic life in one piece, run your business well in the future, and stop harassing me about my honest reviews.
5	We were so happy that Dianne could bring her Frickin' Awesome Face Painting to our daughter's4th birthday party!  Her business name says it all.  She is a fantastic artist, and such a wonderful person to work with.  Thanks Dianne, we'll be spreading the word about you and definitely calling again!
1	She is completely unprofessional. First I take i contact her to do face painting for my daughter's birthday party. It takes her 3 days to get back to me. Then during trying to nail down a time for her to come out. She over books herself. It's clear she isn't a true professional!! Nor is she proactive about her business! I will NOT be using her and you may want to look else where!!!
5	Dianne is an absolute gem. She is fast, and GOOD. She painted faces NON_STOP at an eight hour event and was still as cheery as the moment she arrived. Everyone was exclaiming how brilliant her designs were. Thank you Dianne for a job very well-done!
5	In a child's fantasy world, all faces are adorned with butterflies and dragons. And possibly glitter. And probably covered in chocolate. But that's beside the point.. Dianne was amazing. She transformed a house full of children in to proud little masterpieces. Her speed was very beneficial in the sense that little kids are very hard to get to sit still for long periods of time. But the kids had no issues, and she was great at conforming to each child's quirks (ie. sticking their fingers in their eyes while she's trying to paint their faces). I would recommend her to anyone, we had such a great time!
5	Dianne did an amazing job at my Son's B-day Party! Really professional and nice with the kids. she came from Tempe to Avondale and kids and parents were impressed with the designs she did. Buzz light year and woody, butter flies and flowers, spider mans, hello kitties, you name it.... One tip for the organizers of the party: do not keep kids in line! I created a list and add the kids names in the order they arrived and Dianne was just calling the next in line, kids had all that extra time to keep playing and enjoying the party! (some of the kids wanted to stay and watch the transformations... Dianne hizo un maravilloso trabajo en el cumple de mi hijo, muy profesional y tratable con los ninos, fue desde Temple hasta Avondale y todos quedamos muy impresionados de la calidad de su trabajo. Una sugerencia para los papas del cumpleaniero, crea una lista con los nombres de los ninios en el orden en que llegaron, de esa manera les evitas quedarse formados en linea esperando su turno y asi pueden seguir disfrutando de la fiesta hasta que Dianne los llame. De verdad, se las recomiendo!
5	Dianne is a "Frickin Awesome" face painter! She was a big hit at my granddaughter's 2nd birthday party! She brought music and painted all the kids faces(and some adults) in an hour! She drove all the way to Goodyear from Chandler. I will definatly use her services again and so will the other parents who saw her work. She is a true artist. Her work is not the typical generic face painting. She did better work than the face painter at Sea World! She is fast. All the kids flocked aroud her to watch her work.  I could not disagree more with the reviewer who called her unprofessional.
5	Met Dianne at the Yelp Elite event at PBS studios. She had a table set up to paint people's faces at the event. I was really pleased with her work (she painted Cookie Monster on my face - see the photos). She really took her time to paint people's faces and she was very nice. I will definitely recommend her to my friends who throw kids birthday parties. Keep up the great work Dianne!
5	Dianne was face painting us 21+ year old kids at Yelp's Elite event at the PBS Studios. She was amazing - super nice, fun and creative. She painted my face up like a sugar skull and added extra glitter - to make it extra sugary, she said. I felt like I was a kid again, even though I don't even remember ever having my face painted as a child. I thought the paint would be greasy and easily rub off, but this stuff dried! Still, it washed off very easily. Even though we're located at opposite ends of the valley, she does travel for a few extra dollars for gas. Makes me wish I had reasons to throw parties just so she can paint our faces! Thanks, Dianne. You're frickin' awesome! :)
5	Diane did my daughter's 4th birthday party which was a carnival so the facepainting fit right in with the theme.  I was so impressed by her talent and professionalism!  She was very gentle and sweet with the kids and was able to do a work of art on 17 kids in 2 hours!
5	Frickin Awesome!!! This lady is so awesome with kids! Her art is fantastic, and she paints one heck of a Batman and Spiderman.
5	We used Dianne for Jonathan's Walk4Friendship.... truly talented ... everyone was so impressed by her work!thank you
5	I mean to tell you...Dianne was incredible! From the very first email she was more than kind and accommodating. Her artwork....it's to die for! We hired Dianne for my daughters birthday party and a few of us adults just had to jump in the mix because she was SO great! Her pricing is more than fair...I think we got the better end of the deal. We will be using her in the future. Even if we don't need a face painter...I will make room to have her at our parties! Thank you Dianne! You totally ROCK!!
5	My wife and I have waited for over 17 years for our little blessing...and we wanted celebrate our Max's first year of life in this great world in a spectacular way. It was important for us to have the BEST of everything. And YOU my friend were the BEST. I interviewed at least 6 "facepainters" but only one of them was An ARTIST. You communicated with me prior to the party to ensure you understood our theme, your rates were more than reasonable (I would have gladly paid you double :) you were punctual, efficient with time management, created beautiful art from your own portfolio and even from the kinds iphone images. Our Clown (LovelyButtons) even asked for one of your cards to provide her clients with quality referrals. The Kids loved you, the Adults Loved you, and most importantly Max, Mom and I, Not only Loved you but were impressed with your professionalism and artistic ability......one last thing...........FRICKEN AWESOME
