4	I'm just a big fan of the Original Cheese Topperstix with ranch. Always have and always will.  I'm not a huge fan of their regular pizzas however. If I wanted a pepperoni pizza, i normally would go elsewhere. The pricing is a little higher than competitors. My rating is solely based on my latest triple order of Topperstix. One of my "pet peeves" when it comes to the triple order is: the first slice or two on the outsides barely have any cheese and its like crunchy crust. Once you get into the middle slices, the cheese is like heaven and it is well cooked! You just have to wait until you get to the good stuff. (Unless you cheat and go right for the good pieces). Anyone else agree with me on that?If Toppers can figure that out (and maybe lower their prices), then I would definitely give them 5 stars!
5	I love me some toppers and I have to say pretty much every toppers looks and is about the same so let me speak on the quality of food and staff coming out of this place. First of all, I have never had any bad food from this location. It is always hot, and doesn't taste re-heated. The staff? They are fast and friendly whether it's picking something up or having it delivered, this is one of the best locations for that. Pretty happy with this place, what else can ya ask for?
1	Had great experiences with other toppers pizza. They left out ingredients that my pizza carried. Called back to let them know and the person on the phone didn't seem to care. Just not good customer service.
1	This place is horrible! Our order was 40 minutes late; the cashier was rude, lied to us about starting our pizza the first time we went to pick it up, and tried to make us pay for the pizza in the store even though we had already paid online; the order was wrong (we paid extra for thicker crust and didn't get it plus one of our dipping sauces was missing); and one of our pizzas was completely doughy. Seriously, don't waste your money! We threw almost a whole pizza away because we couldn't eat it.
