2	The Mint tea is delicious, of course. But this is one of the DIRTIEST Starbucks I've ever been to. I'm sure it's superficial mess and not TRUE dirt (like a Dirty kitchen in a restaurant with roaches or something).  There are empty paper bags from "Bojangles" lying on the floor. Used napkins with someone's old chewed up gum on the table next to me. Empty Starbucks bags from someone's food on another table.  Food and shmutz on the chairs. Not to mention the wooden chair I am sitting on at the table by the plugs (for my laptop) is not that comfortable. I am a BIG Starbucks fan and cannot believe that I've encountered this. The people at the counter are very nice. The Burrista even gave me 2 cents from his tip jar to cover the 2 cents (of $2.02) for my Tea bill because he didn't want me to have to break another dollar bill. He made my tea very well (that is he effectively put the hot water in the cup followed by the tea bag..or wait, was it the other way around?).  But when I walked over to the DIY fixins table, there was no milk. Only half & half. So I had to go back to the counter to get whole milk. Strange. And what makes this so strange is that it's a Sunday early evening in Downtown Charlotte on Superbowl Sunday, and it's pretty much DEAD around here, and there's more than one person working behind the counter, so WHY hasn't someone stepped out to clean up the MESS?!
4	I'm not a big coffee drinker, I mean I'll do a frappucino every now and then, but I do love the new breakfast sandwich at Starbucks.  Egg whites, served with white cheddar and turkey bacon on a multigrain english muffin......with a side of salsa?  Oh my goodness, this is a great sandwich!  Kudo's to Starbucks for attracting non coffee drinkers with great breakfast sandwiches and looking out for the health of their customers by giving them options........
4	This place gets goofy busy. Parking is a pain. BUT in the end it is coffee. Staff is friendly. Drinks come up quick (at least at 6:30am) Great little place with a cool neighborhood feel.
4	OH wow, Are these guys busy!Please have your order ready since the guys are trying really hard to keep getting the drinks out. This is a very busy location and they obviously have there regulars that come by.This shop has all the regular fair and even when they were busy they still had plenty of pastries to hand out.
1	Oh if Zero stars was an option.... The wait times here are ridiculous.  They seem to have a lot of people working, but not serving customers.  Restocking or moving around in the background while lines stretch further and further.  There is no sense of flow here and you should expect to wait upwards of 15 or 20 minutes to get a regular coffee.I can't tell if service here is slow because this Starbucks is just slow or if it is because I'm in the South .  Most every time I come here there's a line and a wait.  I've dealt with lines at Starbucks before and they always seem to have a good flow or rhythm to get people through quickly.  Not here, there seems to be a large number of staff but they don't seem to be doing much towards serving the customers.  The staff is nice and friendly, but I just want my coffee quick and easy. A ten minute wait for regular coffee is just unacceptable.Oh, and they just raised their prices. Avoid if possible.
4	Typical downtown Starbucks -nice seating and the fact they have free wi if is always a good thing! Within walking distance of businesses very. Busy-friendly staff and always accurate orders with fresh ingredients
5	I go here daily M-F.  They know me and often times have my drink ready for me before I order.  Friendly service with great product.  They really make a point to know their regulars.
2	Dirty and several people off the streets parking themselves at tables. If I wanted this atmosphere I would go to the gas station and pay 50cents for a hot cup of Jo then piss on my shoes.
