5	Like Jack in the box, only 50x better!The staff is very friendly, unbelievably diverse menu, and custom everything. Other fast food chains should take pointers from this one. I hope they expand to NC also.
5	The food is simply amazing. It's hard to believe it is fast food. The custard is to die for. The service is very good and the staff super friendly.  Will be eating here on a regular basis with the family.
4	A new chain to South Carolina that I spotted when I went to a nearby restaurant, after I saw Jeff S's review that they have yummy reubens, I had to try it out.  On a Friday at 11:30, the place was already hoppin'. If you are coming down 77 S to get here via the Carowinds exit, get in the center lane and go through the light and you'll be at Culver's front door.  The parking lot was pretty much full, but I found parking at the back and once inside they keep everyone moving and there is a ton of seating - high tops, tables, booths (both small and large) and a few tables and chairs outside.   Their drive thru was also very busy.   The menu is LARGE, but very easy to read and figure out.  (I checked it out online before I went, so I already knew what I was getting).  Place your order at the counter, get a plastic stand-up number thing for your table.  Head around the corner to get your drink, napkins and straws and head to your table and wait for your food to be delivered.The food:Reuben:  Jeff S. was right, it was delicious.  The corned beef was tender and not stringy.  I wish the bread had been grilled a smidge longer, but it was good.  I also wish I had eaten that first - I hadn't had a reuben for a good while and I forgot that the longer they sit, the soggier they get.  Still, a delicious sandwich. Side salad:  Typical bag salad mix with a few juicy cherry tomatoes and a thick slice of cucumber.  Salad was crisp and fresh, no brown or wilted items in it.  Served with Culver's ranch dressing, which tasted like ranch dressing, nothing wow'y.  Served with heavy duty plastic utensils so you can actually cut and stab the salad.  (thank you!)Cheese curds:  Piping hot with a thickish crust over melted cheese.  Fried and cheese are my two of favorite food groups, so of course I inhaled these.  I thought they were well-flavored and yummy.Drink:  Culver's Root Beer - YUM!Dessert:  Vanilla Concrete Mixer with Oreo.  What is a concrete mixer, you ask?  It's another delicious version of a DQ Blizzard.  Creaminess with Oreos.  YUM!The grand total was $16 - which is kinda of high, but I had a boatload of food, including the small Concrete Mixer, which was $3.80 w/ tax.  Everything seemed to be freshly prepared, was well flavored and promptly delivered.  The entire staff was so incredibly friendly!  Varying in ages from teenagers (none of which rolled their eyes or gave a 'tude) to seniors, which I think is fantastic (the older folks of course being the MOST friendly, but everyone was very nice and seemed genuinely happy to help).  I will definitely return.
4	Went there and tried the food and it was good. Kinda pricey but the food is good.
3	Our experience was overall middle of the road. Not great like some reviews nor terrible. Really liked the customer service even though at times it seemed eerily robotic. :)  My Butter Burger was smaller than my bun which irks me, yet it tasted fine. The cheese curds were tasty, but would have been 10x better  had they have been served hot.  BF thought the salad was fine--nothing to write home about.  I liked the root beer because it was not very sweet. The custard was pretty tasty too. If I am in the area, then I would return ( no special trip)
4	Wow. I'm definitely a fan of this place. I haven't been inside yet, but I definitely look forward to it on my next trip! But my total experience was outstanding!!! I arrived early Sunday afternoon a little after 11:00am and the place was pretty busy. I got up to the drive thru menu board and was easily overwhelmed. Which in this case was a good thing. They have burgers, sandwiches, salads and of course custard!!! I had already checked out the menu online and since it was so early I just went with one of the Snack Paks- you get a menu item (chicken tenders, butter burger, etc, fries and a drink) for a little over $4. In my opinion that's a pretty good deal for the "not so hungry" customer. So one of the major reasons I'm such a fan of this place is that after you order and pull up to the drive thru window you pay and they give you a number, you simply park your car in the spot that matches your number and they bring out the HOT, freshly prepared food to your car. AWESOME!!!! Here's the run down, I went with the chicken tenders and fries with a root beer to drink:Chicken Tenders- Yum! They were totally not what I expected. But in a good way. The tenders did not have too much breading and were not too crunchy...very good seasoning and the best part was the tenders were all white meat. Score! Totally a win in my book! Fries- OMGGG....FINALLY....HOT crinkle cut french fries. Crispy, hot, and just freaking delicious! I totally wish I had ordered more!Drink- Root Beer- Delish! Seriously, get it! Unfortunately, this visit I didn't get any custard, but it's cool because it gives me an excellent reason to come back!  Soon! I'd say that they got it right, excellent food and customer service and I can't wait to come back! Good job Culver's!
3	Ok, so this is fast food...with some niceties, the ambience of McDonald's, but the customer service is definitely a cut above. Once you've ordered at the counter, you go sit down with a number, rather than standing there in the way of others trying to order. The staff is extremely friendly and they bring your food out to your table, so you can sit and talk to your friends.We love the Rueben Sandwiches on grilled buttered rye: it's not Katz, but it's close by and tasty. You get a choice of sides, one of which is Fried Cheese Curds, crispy on the outside and wonderfully melty on the inside.The Butter Burger was good, but I really don't see what the fuss is over the Midwestern beef. It tasted ordinary as far as the meat goes. The grilled butter bun was light with crispy edges. It made the sandwich.Also they are known for their frozen custard. They always have Vanilla and Chocolate, and a different flavor every day. You can pick up a custard schedule so you know what flavor they will be serving. Custard is very smooth, smoother than ice cream, but theirs is also sweeter, and the flavors are on the bland side. I tired the Strawberry Bon Bon on one visit: way too sweet and very little strawberry flavor. The next time I had Orange Cream-sickle: once again not much orange flavor, very sweet and on top of it, they mixed in Graham cracker pieces, which I really didn't like. They have mix-in you can add to the custard and they make sundaes as well. The fried chicken at the next table looked good and people were remarking how good it was. I'm going to try that next time.It's a little more expensive than most fast food places, but KFC is higher.
4	Stopped by on our way to GA and will be coming back. Great food, clean restaurant and friendly people. And the frozen custard...?  Wow!!!  Took a bite of my husband's bacon cheeseburger and stole some fries. Next time, I might have to pass on the salad since they were so good!  My salad was good, though. Freshly grated cheese, crisp croutons and a good assortment of greens. Probably wouldn't have the mango vinaigrette again but that's due to not liking sweet salad dressings. My son had the chicken tenders (stole some of those, too) and daughter had a grilled cheese. Both were very happy. You can order your dessert when you order the rest of your meal but ask them to bring it out after you've eaten. Keeps it from melting. Nice idea. This is a great alternative to typical fast-food off the highway but it's pretty pricey. Spent just under $40 for 4 of us. Worth the money, though!
4	I know that people swear by Culver's as the next best thing since sliced bread and it's good. But it ain't THAT good. I had a decent burger that was well assembled and easy enough to eat other than being a tall stack. You know how some burger places (Jack-In-The-Box) advertise a burger that looks awesome in the ads but is a letdown when it's on your tray? Well that didn't happen to me here at Culver's. You can see from my own picture. Nice.I also got a chocolate malt custard shake to go home for the Mrs. That was a big hit.Okay, so I was going to go with "A-OK" but I think it's good. Better than what I expected. I'm leaning towards "I'm a fan" so there you go, Culver's. Four stars. Keep up the good work!
5	Very good for fast food. Great service. Nice building. The kids meal burger is plenty for me. Way better than a standard kids meal burger!  I've tried other menu items (rueben and fish) and both were good. The fries are the only real let down for me. They aren't my fav. The custard alone is worth the trip!
5	This is one northern invasion I'm pretty sure the south will welcome. Who can resist deep fried WI cheese curds, butter burgers and the yummiest custard I'm pretty sure in the whole world. The Turtle alone is worth the trip!
5	I have been waiting on one of these places to move down South! Once I heard that it was opened we drove down the next weekend. It is quite far, but definitely worth the drive, Quality fast-food with delicious butter burgers and concrete mixers! Try this place out. You won't be sorry.
4	Decided to try this new place out and was pleasently surprised. Along with burgers and fries, they have dinner plates. I had fried chicken dinner and was very flavorful. Sides were good too. It was so good I went back and got chrispy chicken sandwich today. Chicken had the right amount of moisture, not dry. Can't wait to go back, I like their wide range of sides.  Very different from other fast food places around.
3	This is a counter service burger/ice cream place except that they give you a number and bring your food to your table. I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich which came on an oval seeded bun. It was OK but I've had better. The best part of my visit was the greeting I received when I walked in the door. The counter people made me feel they were genuinely glad to have me come.  The facility itself is nicely done and the fireplace is a nice touch.
5	Love...love...love!!  Great burgers and service. If you haven't been, you must try!!  Butter burger is fresh & delicious.
4	A winner! What was striking about this place was the service. They obviously strive to achieve what nearly every other fast food joint has forgotten - SMILE and (at least) appear that you're happy we chose this restaraunt. Culver's gets it!The food unfortunately wasn't the high spot, but we did take it home and my onion rings were cold, fries were warm. The burgers were 'ok'. I had a mushroom swiss and well, barely found a mushroom.I'll still go back, this time to eat in and see what it tastes like HOT.
5	I just happened to see the Culvers sign out of the corner of the corner of my eye on I-77 and I promptly freaked.  I'd only been one other time on a trip to WI; before that I'd never heard of them.  We ate lunch yesterday on our way back from a weekend getaway.  Service with a smile and delicious food - the burgers have that nice dark caramelized char on them from the butter, and I love the cheese curds.  Custard will have to wait another time as we were about to bust.  Can't wait to go again soon!
5	Best burger around, great onion rings and delicious ice cream...er, I mean frozen custard.
2	I am from Wisconsin and was ecstatic when I heard we were getting a Culver's here in the Carolinas less than 10 minutes from my house.  I've been to this location a handful of times now and have consistently been disappointed.  Just doesn't meet the same expectations I have when I'm visiting a Culver's in Wisconsin.  My order has been messed up on a multiple occasions and today my burger was soaking in grease so much that my burger was served to me in a puddle.  I keep telling myself it's a new location and it'll get better, but so far it hasn't.  Maybe I'll give it another shot, but I won't be going out of my way anytime soon to go back to this location.
4	It's a nice alternative lunch spot when I come down for gas refill (because the only other option at that exit is Wendy's... not necessarily a good option). My 2nd time eating there, and I realize their menu offering is huge. Burger, fried chicken, dinner plate, soup, ice cream... I mean, what don't they serve? I typically order swiss & mushroom burger (single, on butter bun). It's not the biggest portion. Their burger patty is very thin, which allow them to crisp the outside a little. You can also replace the butter bun with butter (and grilled) sourdough toast. Side order of fries (medium is the size they come with a regular combo) were fresh and crispy. I also tried a cup of soup (stuffed pepper soup), which was pretty good. It's not the cheapest joint, they don't have dollar menu or anything like that. But If you are anything like me, I always find the smallest portion (thus cheapest) to order when I'm in a fast food place to feel less guilty, then you can get by with a smaller size combo (small fries & drink instead of medium) for $4ish.4 stars because:1. solid food2. friendly staff
1	This place is perfect if your idea of good cooking is to slather everything in butter, because that's exactly what they do. I got the pot roast with mashed potatoes and green beans. The potatoes tasted like cardboard. I could see why they drowned them in gravy. The green beans were boiled and waxy, with onions and butter. First time I ever threw away green beans. The beef was okay. The beef stew was on top of bread, which was mush within a minute because of all the gravy. The employees were super friendly, but that doesn't count for much if the food is bad. They should rename the store Butter n Stuff.
5	I've been eyeing this place since it opened, checked out their menu online and went for it. I told the lady at the drive thru that I had never been there before and ordered a salad for work the next day, along with a root beer float for that same night. She offered me a kit kat custard dessert free of charge. You never see that at Dairy Queen, sonic, or jack in the crack. While I have to admit to being disappointed in the float (it didn't taste as good as a&w), I still have to give 5 stars because the rest was superb! Even the next day having that salad for work lunch was incredible. It wasn't soggy or gross, it was delicious and they didn't snub me on giving too little chicken like other places do.
5	This my first time here and I really enjoyed it. All the employees are very friendly, like a Chick Fil A. I got the limited time Pepper Grinder Pub Burger with Mashed Potatoes and Gravy and I also got a Concrete Mixer with Oreos and Reese's. Ok so the burger was awesome! The pub bread was really flavorful and the combination of the two different cheeses was great. The bacon wasn't to stiff like other places where if you take one bite you pull out the entire piece. The sauce it had on it was also very good. The Mashed Potatoes smells like they use a chicken broth or something in their gravy it was really good as well, not too salty and not too bland. The Concrete Mixer was also really good the ice cream was very soft. I just wish it didn't melt as fast haha. If you're in the area and can't decide what to eat go to Culver's, you'll be satisfied.
4	Good butter burger. Their combo salad instead of fries is pretty good too!
5	Oh Culvers - you evil temptress...I really REALLY try to avoid fast food, but if there is one fast food place that I find hard to resist, it's Culvers.  Those butter burgers are just so tasty - and the frozen custard - reminds me of Shake Shack in NYC, really tasty when you mix in some fruit or plop a scoop in their own brand of root beer.  Speaking of the root beer, I love when restaurants make their own root beer, especially when they do a diet version.  I always hate when my options are Coke or Coke.  I try to be health conscious when I walk into this place.  If you review their website, they have a smart choice area where they give you some lower calorie options that you can put together for a sensible meal.  A lot of reviews note that its lots of butter and fat, it might be because the options can be overwhelming when you first walk in, with most options being on the heavy duty side.  Be smart, take 2 minutes before you go and review the nutritional info.  I have also seen several orders here come out wrong and so I will agree that you should double check your order if you take out to make sure everything is correct.  However, last I checked, this is a fast food joint outside of an amusement park, not Dean and Deluca.  Its a big menu, and unfortunately, when its a "have it your way" style establishment, orders are going to be wrong.  Besides, its the south, no one ever gets your order right...
2	Get the concrete mixer, you'll love it!Other than that, it's fast food.
4	Holy Christmas that's some great ice cream!  The food here is typical of fast food or Denny's type fare.  The cheese curds (which I love more than back rubs and craft beer) are less than mediocre.  Anybody that's visited the midwest, will not be able to describe cheese curds without drool physically escaping their lips.  This is fact.  Culver's cheese curds made me die a little inside as I ate them.  These things will make you feel like you're cheating on a diet you're not actually on.  Sigh...Why four stars dude?  Um...have you had their ice cream?  Yes sir...it was that good.  Mint chocolate ninja backflip explosion...or whatever it was called.  Some major Homer Simposon droolage.  Mmmmm ice cream...Try:  Did you even read this?Avoid:  Cheese curds if you're from the midwest
5	LOVE. THIS. PLACE.First tried this place on my drive cross-country and it was very good. I raved about the burger to everyone for a very long time.By chance, when I was visiting home in the south, I spotted that culver's sign out of the corner of my eye and proceeded to flip out. My passenger in the car was baffled at my sudden excitement. On the way back from my primary destination, I stopped here and my friend and I were in burger & shake heaven.
5	This is a Wisconsin based chain with a great reputation for tasty burgers and creamy ice cream. This location is right next to inexpensive South Carolina has from Marathon/Kangaroo and Exxon. It is also just outside Carowinds which makes it a great place to meet before or after a day at the park. Finally, the new Cabelas is close by. A trip to this spot has many rewards.
