1	This was the worst experience that I've ever had with a refi...run away as fast as you can!  We opted to not go with the VA 4.25 they offered us and wanted a conventional refi....they tacked on fees that were in access of 16,000 dollars at a 4.5 rate...and that is with excellent credit.  AND they won't even give you true quotes unless you give them $400 via credit card to start the process.  We ended up using DLJ financial in California....they were up front, professional and DID NOT require crazy fees.  Our interest rate is way lower than what quicken quoted us and they responded to every email and phone call quickly.I have no idea how they got rated #1 by JDPowers....RUN AWAY...and use a different company.
1	I have been trying to work with Quicken Loans for a while now and have very little to show for it.  I have to agree with fellow Yelpers Cindy A and E.J.  Their rates seem to be off and you don't always get someone who knows what they are talking about.  I really don't understand their JD Powers #1 rating given the level of misinformation.Sorry!
1	I don't trust these folks at all.  I was contacted by Quicken when I signed up for Lending Tree (a big mistake, don't use Lending Tree).  When the agent called I told him I was looking for a 10 year re-finance, at a fixed rate.  I specifically told him I needed to know what the best rate and the costs would be.  It took several calls from the agent before he finally told me their rate and cost.  The rate was .1% higher than a competing lender and their costs were twice as much.  I told him I would go with the other, less expensive lender and then he got real aggressive, telling me that Quicken was the best lender in the business (yeah right).  Once I finally got him to understand that cost was the deciding factor he then recommended I let him review the loan docs. from the other lender.  I didn't even know this guy, why would anyone let a stranger look over your loan docs?After finally getting off the call, I started receiving repeated calls from another Quicken agent.  I finally took one of the calls to tell her to stop contacting me.  Since then the emails have been coming fast and furious, even when I replied asking them not to contact me at all.  One of the emails my request came from the original lending agent, saying something to the effect of, "call me and let's set up an appt. to discuss your loan."If you want to avoid being pestered indefinately, NEVER contact Quicken Loans.
1	I was contacted by my mortgage company (Seterus) to start the process of refinancing with Quicken Loans. They told me that my loan is in outstanding wonderful standing I could refinance with zero down. So I started the application process, but decided to do some checking around on the web regarding consumer reports. Glad I did!!! They have SO many complaints, 10000's and 1000's of them!!! Scared me to stop the process right there on the spot. But now I get phone calls, emails non-stop. They are relentless. I don't know much about re-finance but when ALL of the complaints are EXACTLY the same, then there is something very fishy going on!! Do your due diligence and look around online before you possibly get hurt by this company.
1	This place is completely worthless if you don't have substantial equity in your property.  I called yesterday for a quote but realized this was a waste of time and hung up after 10minutes.  QL will not do a jumbo loan ($625k) of more than 75% LTV.  They also ask for a lot of personal info including a credit check up front in order to quote you a rate, which is ridiculous (everybody else will provide rates based upon the info you provide).  It does not appear that this company has any relation to Intuit (the software company behind Quicken) but rather simply just purchased naming rights.  I am not sure how JD Power does its survey but it really calls into question the methodology.
1	Save yourself some time and frustration. The left hand has no idea what the right hand is doing. Horrible experience. Use a local Mortgage Company. I will never apply with this company again.
4	Well I have read the other reviews about this Quicken Loan location but will need to disagree based on my personal experience with this office.  I first contacted the main QL website and placed an inquiry as we were 'looking' for a home at that time.  I was contacted by a team member from the corporate office (Detroit), Ray Y.  We started with a pre-approval on 8/22/13, went looking for property, signed contract on 9/1/13 and started the real application on 9/3/13.  We were prepared with all of our documents, responded to their email and 'myql.com' requests within 24 hours by uploading the requested items.  The loan request was passed from Ray Y. our original Purchase Banker to Gloria R. who was assigned to us as our Client Care Specialist as we had an actual property at that point.  She has been responsive, open and followed up on any inquiries we made in a very professional manner. As of today we have been cleared for documents/funding and have been passed to Seth S. who will be our Purchase Closing Specialist. We are scheduled for documents and funding next week.  Of course we are not finished yet but i am confident we will end strong and on time.  I will jump back in and provide a final update when that happens.  QL - accomplished the task.  It was easy and convenient to provide the documents through their website and both the website email updates and the regular personal calls we received from Gloria R. gave us the confidence and faith needed in the scary world of home buying.  Thank you Quicken Loans, Ray Y., Gloria R. and Seth S. !!
1	They were good before several years ago! But had a really bad experience with quicken loans this year while I tried to purchase house this year. I ended up spent $1000+ for  nothing. It's unfair and they had no consideration for others. Please stay away from this loan company !!
1	Should refinancing take many months, a 500.00 good faith payment, constant emails and calls and just plain hounding us ??? I have never had this experience before with my first mortgage. I am very disappointed with quicken loans and the way they conduct business.
1	Quicken Loans somehow got ahold of my work number and is inundating me with mortgage refinance offer calls and voicemails. They are jeopardizing my ability to make an income to pay my existing mortgage. Good rates or not, their hounding tactics may me want to stay far away from them. They treat sales like hard core collections. TERRIBLE
5	Loan is funded - keys are ours and they came through with all that was promised!Very Very Happy Customer who would not hesitate to recommend them.  Note that these results only work if you are prepared to provide documents when requested at the terms/conditions you as the consumer said they would be...  We were and we are very happy we used Quicken Loans!
1	Two words to describe this company - HIGH PRESSURE.I found them to be very hostile to deal with, and their rates were NOT competative in comparison to other loan agencies.Beware!
1	Worst experience ever! Big promises.. no delivery!  Felt like buying a car! Started the process with them even though had a gut feeling wasn't the right choice. They tend to bad mouth competition but can't match or compete with fees. They sounded trust worthy so I decided against my better judgment.  Gave them everything they needed and felt pressured to rush to "lock in" the rate. I was told their appraisal fee ranges from $800 to $400 so they would charge a standard $500 to offset. I Started asking questions about what would happen if my appraisal came in low after I read a few reviews about their appraisers low balling. I was told I would lose my $500. I then put off my appraisal appointment for another week and informed my banker of my concerns. I advised I wanted to run a few comps and hold off because I wasn't comfortable.  The next morning the $500 fee was deducted out of my account.  When I inquired why I was being charged for a service I had not had, and after I expressed my concerns all of a sudden it was "standard procedure" and a "deposit".After that, all I got was lip service, voicemails, and transfered around.. just checked and my loan STILL says in process.. I asked for them to withdraw my application 8 + times to 6 different people. I even left a message for an executive Ian Burgess.. guess what? No call back and I am still waiting for MY MONEY!! Joke! My next call will be BBB and consumer affairs.When I called my bank to try and dispute the charges and explained the situation the banker at US bank she let me know they charge ZERO fees.. not even appraisal! We are way too traumatized right now, but they will be our next mortgage lender. Definitely NOT QUICKEN!
1	This company did beat the competitor Chase in rates and fees. My broker seemed legit and wanted the business. Little did I know that he would pass the buck off to other people to finish our loan process. Our escrow was two months... TWO MONTHS and they still waited until 3 business days before closing to request more documentation from us, then threatened to extend the closing date due to us not getting the paper work to them.... I tried calling and pushing 0 "if this matter requires immediate assistance". On hold for 20 min only to get a voicemail every single time!  No return call until days later. Communication = 0 in this company.  They don't treat their customers with respect. They treat customers like they are doing favors for you just by giving you a home loan. I would go elsewhere if I had more time.  The only positive was working with Nathan who gets it done quickly if you speak directly to him.
5	I did a refi with Quicken and was amazed!We all hate applying for a loan, do it about as often as we buy a car and feel controlled and at risk of high pressure and the numbers changing through the process.First, the people .... the initial contact person, mine was Brian Endresl in Pheonix, has  all the control.  If you are square on the facts, it goes well. You have doubts up front, but the whole process ended just as promised. The numbers stayed the same.You do have to be ready with documentation for everything. The process of web enabled document uploads and visibility is truly amazing. Unlike anything I have experienced in previous transactions. Even all the way through to closing and loan servicing, Quicken has taken the process to new levels. Tough to compete with their system.There are always surprises...... low appraisals, new rules, etc. Quicken doesn't control these. In my experience, they did my deal and it was the best ever experience. 30 day span, great people and technology, it worked!
1	They harass you!!!! They call you every 2 hours!! WTF! Stop calling me! Why do you keep calling if I don't answer! I already have a great mortgage company helping me that DONT harass me.You guys are sooooo annoying, BIG TIME!I don't even know where you got my number from! F'in annoying AF!!
