1	Whatever you do- DO NOT LIVE HERE. Everything they try to sell- a scam. I moved here from California, judging my gut feeling- I let my guy friend who moved here frist sign a lease- the ladies in the front office (we'll get to THOSE heathens in a minute) sold him on the FINEST residence in Vegas and BOOM! There we were. July 4, 2010. Worst day of my life. FIRSTLY, all the knobs in the whole 3 bedroom apt were different. I'm not that picky but come on- one of them not even having a lock. That's fine, I'll get over it. The carpets looked like someone took a tub of detergent & water and soaked the carpet- sin rinse. Awful. Ok. Linoleum- I have a whole bias against linoleum but we won't go there. MY FAVORITE!!!!! THE KITCHEN & BATHROOM SINKS WERE PAINTED..WITH WALLLLLL PAAAIINNNTTT!! WHOOOO DOOESSS THAT?!??!! aldfkjalsdfjaldfsjladfj and the grout filler stuff to ensure your sink won't come out of it's hole built in the counter? it was ALL around the outside- I'm PRETTY SURE that's NOT how it's supposed to be. Do you know what it's like to have two women sharing a bathroom with tacky-grout stuff all over your sink? And paint chipping from the sink every so often? Second- our shower leaked. For the whole two years we lived there. We called. They'd "fix" it within a couple days. They'd leave. It'd leak. We gave up. Ahhh, the beloved ladies that work there if you have issues- might as well just drown yourself in the pool. That's supposed to be open 24 hours but sometimes they like to close it for a few months because their ghetto heaps of children residents trash it every so often. Our first week- my room- wouldn't cool off. AT ALL. That's an issue being we moved here in July and from California, 112 degrees is like living in hell. The lady told me "oh, that's because your room is behind the AC Unit." WHAT? WHAT DOES THAT EVEN MEAN? CENTRAL AIR MEANS....NEVERMIND. She kept saying my room is behind the unit so basically, tough luck. We also asked why our house looked dirty when we moved in. Her answer? Because it wasn't ready for move-in when we moved in. Yet THEY gave us our move-in date. I just.....I can't. You're asking why we stayed for 2 years if I was homicidal after my first few days living there? I DON'T EVEN KNOW. Our whole household worked a good 50+ hours a week each @ Caesar's Palace & two of us traveled back and forth to LA for work a LOT and when we came home, we either went straight back out to drink our sorrows away or slept. Cockroaches are a HUGE issue. THEY ARE THE MOST HEINOUS DISGUSTING CREATURES I HAVE EVER SEEN. My first time EVER encountering these flying devils. Everyone else's apartments/homes in Vegas- never seen so many as I have at Rancho. Oh, maybe because the doors/windows all have gaps. COULD BE!!! The walls are stupidly thin. We could hear our neighbors having sex EVERY. SINGLE. NIGHT. Good for them, sucked for us. The guy I shared a wall with was a chronic masturbater. I know this because again, we share paper-thin walls. We could hear the guy ABOVE us snoring. My poor car got tampered with several times. Random people strolling through the complex. The gates were always broken. Domestic violence brought cops to the apts all the time- so as a glass half full person- at least we had cops patrolling? People would jump the wall behind the gas station ALL the time, homeless people, residents, nonresidents.....It's unsafe. It's unsanitary. The upkeep of the place is GARBAGE, nonexistent. Worst experience of my LIFE. I hope to GOD whoever owns these properties knocks this place to the ground. You guys need Jesus.
1	I'm just going to start this review on a positive note to say that the staff was very nice and friendly.  The apartments, when I first moved in, were very homey and comfortable. Also close to my work, which is the reason I moved. That said, I'll go on to the less than positive aspects of this apartment. I moved out of this apartment complex June of 2012.  I had received a note stating that my lease was up mid-June and they wanted to know if I wanted to renew or when I would be leaving. This came at a great time because I actually decided to move into a house I was renting from a friend. So, I told them that I would be leaving mid-June (i don't remember the exact date but I do remember thinking, "whew! I have a week to pack and move!" AND left a forwarding address with them.  All this supposedly went in my file. After that, I spoke with the lady at the front and inquired as to my deposit and when I would be getting that back.  She told me that it should be sent to be in a month or so. This was the beginning of my problems. Fast forward to September of that same year.  I still had not heard anything about them.  My mom, who was in town for a part of that month, and I went to speak with the staff. We told them that we had received no deposit back and had not heard anything about my statement.  The lady at the front went to get her manager, who then told me that she did remember me because they were having issues with my deposit:1) I supposedly left early. I told them that I did not leave early and that I had, in fact, received a note stating that my lease was up mid-June and not end of June like they thought. Initially, unfortunately for me, I did not keep this note stating this.  However, fortunately for me, they had kept it in their "to be filed" papers - so much for this already being in my files2) The carpets were dirty when I left. Stating that "all signs pointed to a dog had been living there for some time." We had one dog visit with a friend for about an hour.  Additionally, those stains, are dirt stains from walking in and out of the apartment complex. Not everyone takes of their shoes in their houses.  Granted, I will say that I should've taken better care to clean the dirt stains.I would have loved had they had notified me of the status of my deposit, but fine. They then tell me that they'll have to redo my entire statement (because of the "miscommunication" with when my lease ended) and that they'll have it mailed it to me in October.It is now March 2014. I had not received anything from them as of yet. I called early March to inquire about the status and they said was mailed out.  It turns out my statement was mailed out, but to the wrong address.  The manager informed me that she will inform her boss about this and that she'll get back to me "within a couple days."  It has been three weeks and I have not heard anything back from them.  My latest attempt at contacting them was met with "the manager is not in today, but she'll be in tomorrow and I'll have you and your request noted."I'm more than willing to give them more stars and recommend this apartment complex to friends who will be looking for an apartment in this area.  However, at this time, I cannot do so.  I will be updating this post in hopes that the outcome will results in a more positive review.
2	As promised, I'm writing an updating my review.  While I am still disappointed with the situation that occurred from my moving out date till now, I am pleased to write that after I made my call a week ago and was informed by the lady who answered that she will inform her manager, I did receive a call later that day (or maybe it was the next).  Today, I did receive my refund check.  Had receiving this and hearing back from them not taken so long, I would have given three stars on this update, but with the length of time it took (I moved out June 2013 and am just now being able to, hopefully say, my business with them is now done), I would hope that they are able to update future tenants faster than they had with me.
