5	I got such tremendous service from Lance at their store on camelback rd after receiving a personal recommendation from Kevin Ferry to shop this store. After much ado, I picked a  beautiful kenwood headset to put in my wifes Nissan Quest. It fit beautifully, was easy to program with a personal choice of display colors and we couldn't be happier. The model DPX500bt was the perfect choice for value and huge amount of custom features and settings. We are so glad that Kevin referred us to this wonderful store and you would be amiss if you didn't visit them as well.
5	Ronnie and Lance did a great install on my Rover, the price they charged was fair and the work was done quickly and professionally.  Unlike most shops they did not try to upsell me anything, definitely recommend them!
5	Great service, quick, and friendly. One of the audio techs at Frys Electronics recommended this place to me. My car iPod adapter stopped working and I needed to get it fixed so I stopped by Frys one day. One of the techs told me that they only did installs so he couldn't fix the adapter for me. However, he did recommend this place to me. I went there and I can't remember the kids name but he was a young guy who worked there. He fixed my iPod in a matter of minutes. He said that all somehow the adapter was disconnected and it just needed to be plugged back in at no charge. I gave him some cash anyway for his honesty and great service. I will be back for any future audio needs. This place is highly recommended!
5	Great Great Great!!! Lance and Ronnie are great to deal with. I had them put a new head unit in my 37 ford, then had them install speakers, sub and amp in my Toyota Tacoma!!! They made sure that the sound was where it needed to be...even with the stock deck!!! I also recommended them to my Dad. They put a new deck in his 55 chevy. Did a great job, and made sure he understood how it worked before he left.I would have no reservation recommending these guys. A fixture on Camelback for as long as I can remember!!!Great Job
5	Awesome job. Very happy with result. Had them fix several problems from a horrible install from a Prescott Valley installer. Will be back with future business.
