4	Behind a fairly unassuming door you've probably walked past a million times before is an Aladdin's Cave (well...more like warehouse!) of wonders!Out of the Blue is a light and airy central space surrounded by studios for artisans, actors, architects, designers, pilates and yoga. At it's heart is a lovely seating area with a cafe serving tasty dishes, teas and coffees.Also, on sale are all the gorgeous crafts and art that those lovely artisans produce...a canvas tote bag with Penguins printed on it is my current favourite and I think I'll be treating myself soon!This is a great venue for events and they regularly host live music, food markets, flea markets and vintage clothing sales...keep an eye out on their website for upcoming events.
5	This might be one of Edinburgh's best secrets. Tucked out of the way off Leith Walk, you could walk past here a million times and never realise just how wonderful this space is. I go for the vintage fairs and flea markets. Always excellent. Always find things. Always haggle down on price. Always leave happy. There are loads of events and things happening here on a regular basis. I think their website keeps everything up to date. It's worth nosing around - you never know what you might stumble across!There's a cafe too, but I haven't eaten there. The space feels well used and loved by its visitors. It's always busy and buzzing and I couldn't recommend more!
5	Love this place!  Everyones very welcoming and it seems to do everything!  Cafe, artists studios, performances, classes/workshops, occasional club nights, gigs, book sales, flea markets, veg' markets, DIY workshops, vintage sales and even wiff waff Wednesday (highly competitive - in a fun way) table tennis!  There's probably more on offer but I've just not managed to see it all yet! I've had the fortunate experience to perform here with a dance group (Code Butterfly) a few years ago and we danced all around the space and the audience followed us.  There is an amazing network of old tunnels that surround the main hall and maze of staircases that the normal Joe Blogs wouldn't be able to explore unless they came to the show!  Blessed!That aside, the cafe is cheap and they serve a lovely brunch at the weekends.  There is plenty of local information for groups and community happenings.  The perfect place to go to find activities to do or groups to join if you are new to the city.  It's a beautiful, quirky venue in an original Drill Hall.  Staff are very helpful and friendly.  There is a homely, nourishing, homemade, community feel about the place.  Child friendly venue, although at the same time it's not over-run with noisy screaming kids. Out Of The Blue's sister venue is Bongo Club, which explains some of OOTBs ethos.  The only downside I'd say about OOTB is it's a bit chilly, they do try to heat the space with heat lamps etc, but it must be hard to heat such a vast space.  Just wrap up warm and grab a hot chocolate and you'll soon heat up! :)
5	When my friend suggested a few weeks ago a trip to the Edinburgh Flea market I was shocked.  Edinburgh has a flea market?!  A review further down this page suggests this might be Edinburgh's best kept secret, and they're right.  Out of the Blue is fantastic!The vendors at the market were lovely, and had a great collection of things rather than just appliances and junk.  It was easy to haggle (if you're into such a thing) and everyone was so friendly and outgoing.  It would be the best place to sell your things, and the process seemed so easy.  Before we entered the market we had a wee breakfast and tea in the cafe and it was delightful!  Tasty and cheap- the perfect way to start a Saturday.  I will definitely go back to check out what else Out of the Blue has to offer, and highly recommend the flea market.  The market happens every last Saturday of the month.
4	On a glorious spring afternoon the Drill Hall was an almost perfect venue for a pretty special event, where community spoke unto community. Around the main hall were upwards of 20 local groups and organisations who had gathered to share their projects. The many visitors shuffled and meandered from one table to the next, talking to the people who were promoting their ideas and, crucially, deciding how to cast their votes. For this was also a public vote to decide how to distribute some public funding. I say an almost-perfect venue, it would have been good to have a little more room: there were that many projects and that many visitors.The venue itself is bright and airy, home to craft studios, community groups, projects and resources. There's a lively cafe, stuff for sale and room for hire. I don't make it down very often so am an observer and an outsider for the most part, but this is clearly a space at the heart of its community, a venue that welcomes one and all.
2	i'd heard about out of the blue drill hall a few times in terms of a monthly flea market and other local leith events.  however, when i went this past friday for a bavarian beer festival i was seriously not impressed.the venue itself is huge!  it's an excellent space and it's clear they've put a lot of work to refurbish it to a nice standard.  the big open hall is probably quite good for a impromptu performance space or a small market with stalls.  however, i did find the hall to be incredibly cold although there were heat lamps dotted about to try to warm things up.the bavarian beer festival was just, meh.  i'm not sure if this was organised by the people that run out of the blue but i'm making the assumption that it was as i didn't see any other organiser listed.  there were long tables set up in the middle of the hall giving it a very church supper kind of feel.  there was only one location serving food leading to a massive queue since only one person was taking orders.  additionally while the food was relatively cheap it was of poor quality and i couldn't even eat most of it.  there were two bavarian beers on offer and they ran out of one of them an hour into the event.  the entertainment eventually started and i have to say i was not very entertained but perhaps this was because i was freezing cold and hungry with only beer to try to make things better.so a very unorganised event that left me not wanting to return to this location for any other event.  so yes very much meh i've experienced better.
4	I absolutely cannot wait to see what else this place has to offer. After spotting a nondescript sign while strolling along Leith Walk (I think I might have tunnel vision when it comes to the words 'flea market'), I was delighted to discover that Leith flea market was being held in a mere two days time. Even better was that it was only a five minute walk from my house!I think Out of the Blue emulates the Leith community spirit. I really got the impression that this place sees a lot of the same people coming through on a regular basis and it's really hard not to love a place that offers that in such a warm, welcoming way.The flea market itself was brilliant. Not your usual collection of junk, but a nice mix of vendors selling things like fur coats, books, antique teacups and plates and jewellery. Arriving at about midday, the little cafe out front was sweet as anything and absolutely packed - always a sign of a good coffee and cake.The flea market is held the last Saturday of every month from 10am til 3pm and is worth a stroll through. They also hold workshops, special events and classes so it's probably good to pick up a programme or watch the website. Definitely one of Edinburgh's best kept secrets!
3	Out of the Blue is an old TA drill hall just off Leith Walk, now converted into a local community centre. There's a big central area that usually houses some sort of art exhibition, there's a little dance studio, and there are lots of small offices around the sides let to local businesses. And there's a small cafe that does reasonable coffee and is quite popular at lunchtimes. It's an interesting space and worth remembering about if you're down this way. The cafe service could perhaps be faster when they're busy, but they do a good veggieburger and there are some nice comfy sofas to sit on. A few years ago they first used it as a Fringe venue and it's a great space for that. They often have concerts and other small events on at other times. But  it's always worth popping into if you're in the area to see what's happening as there's always something going on, and if you're lucky (and it's quiet) it's a great refuge from the bustle of the city in which to unwind for a while.
