4	People will probably quarter me for saying this, but I much preferred coming here to get my lunch than going to the famous hot dog and fry place down the block. Don't get me wrong, I am not saying the other place is bad. It just wasn't what I am used to and it was more food than I wanted to eat and more money than I wanted to spend.7-Eleven wasn't going to break my bank, so this is where I went. They didn't have any fancy hot dogs with natural casing, but they did have the Johnsonville brats that I am familiar with and have always loved. You could get a giant brat and an Icee for a couple bucks and there isn't much else I could ask for.
3	For what this 7-Eleven is - a small joint that mostly caters to the Oakland college community - it's not bad. This is where you go when you want something quick and cheap to eat as you run to your class or meeting; it is not where you go when you want quality, well, anything (but who goes to 7-Eleven looking for quality, right?). I would often grab tea or water and a couple cheese sticks or a bag of cookies here on my way home from class when I was still a student so clearly I appreciated the low prices as much as anyone else.I have to say one of this place's biggest drawbacks was and still is one of its strengths, too. They managed to cram a lot of goodies into this store when organizing it, but as a result space would get cramped really quickly, especially as students went in for snacks and smokes. In the last year they've remodeled to try to help with this, as well as to expand their shelf options. It saddens me that some of the snacks I used to pick up here are gone, but they've added a whole line of gift cards which is admittedly a nice perk and will definitely cater to any students or parents looking for quick and easy gifts on campus. The place still gets crowded really easily, though. Still, it's nice to have a 7-Eleven in the Oakland area, and I buy drinks and snacks here to this day when I'm in the area, so they must be doing something right!
3	Nothing particularly bad or good about this place; however, the selection of coffee and other coffee flavored beverages is pretty extensive. This location definitely caters to the Pitt undergrads who stop in and out between classes for small snacks and coffee. I've been in here quite a few times when I'm making my way across campus or heading in/out of the library.
