3	Sinclair is a gas station and pit stop in a strip mall, just past the huge Rental Car center on Gilespie that serves McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas.This is where you go to fill up that rental car before you return it half empty and get charged $10 per gallon for not refilling it or taking the Fuel Option at rental time. They have a pretty good size convenience store here, and this being Las Wages, there are the ubiquitous slot machines. Except here, there are a bank of sit-down slots. So you can set a spell and get your last chances of luck in if your flight has been delayed. Just don't forget to return your car on time, or you'll get charged another day's rent after you are 1 hour late!
2	Clean inside, and outside, and good customer service, more than not.Bar none, this is the most expensive gas station within miles.Because it is next to the rental return place.Hideously expensive.
3	Over priced, just go to Chevron up the street if your worried about quality of gas..
3	I never look at gas prices. I'm a creature of convenience. This was our final stop before the airport's car rental return and it was convenient in that regard.I went inside and bought some snacks while hubby put a little fuel in the Nissan rental. Large, clean, well-stocked. But the counter service included no free smile as we paid our money. I'd received sad news earlier that day and I was still able to manage a sincere smile. It unfortunately went unreturned.I think sometimes people forget that their actions really affect others. Even if you're just a voice on a phone, you never know if patience rather than irritability might make a big difference to the person on the other end of the line. Especially true when in-person. Smiles are contagious. Well, usually...  :)
5	They have Diesel Fuel! And you get a free cup of coffee if you pump 10+ gallons of gasoline. I came here this morning on my way to work. I was late already so why not stop and pump gas to avoid the cluster-muck at the end of the day when everyone is trying to get in here. Our 535d BMW uses diesel fuel (Another review coming for BMW later) and its hard to find a place that has diesel fuel pumps. You wouldn't think so but its rare! And when you do find it its almost the price of premium gas at major truck stops. This place is conveniently located near the airport, freeway and has tons of snacks for the whole family. Their FREE coffee now.. is to die for.. Fresh and delicious to the bottom of the cup. Come here, don't pump anywhere else.
4	Stopped through here to get some tea on my way to work a couple times; they're a good bunch of folks and I was happy to give them repeat business.Their refills for most any size drink are seventy-nine cents, I believe, which is quite a fair price. It's probably average for most convenience stores that feature soda fountains nowadays, but the service is what brought me back.I encountered a different attendant every time I came in, but they were all equally friendly and professional, polite and courteous. Even though I was only stopping in for a drink, I felt like a valued customer and I'd recommend this station to anyone in need of a fill-up, whether it's of their drink cup or their gas tank.
