4	This is one of the smaller rec centers in Henderson.  My son had enrolled in some classes there a few years ago.  All but one was canceled for low enrollment, maybe because it is smaller rec center less people are taking classes there?  The one that was not canceled was Gymboree and it was a great class.  Whitney Ranch Rec Center is closer for us so we hadn't been back.  Recently my son started playing basketball through City of Henderson and his games are here at Silver Springs.  The first game is at 9am which is also when they open on Saturdays.  The staff is nice and lets us in early to practice.  The facility is always clean and the staff is helpful.
3	I came here looking to get my Silverman swim training in. Talk about kind of obscure location never mind the fact looking from the outside never think much of recreational center. The place does/t scream fitness more less where the swimming pool? The entire outside of the building looks more like office building space not lot of windows on the outside and just odd. Since first time actually wound up going into the wrong side of the building (no clear signage outside tells you where is what other then the two tennis courts and the building itself). The gentlemen was nice guy very friendly and directed us in the right direction. If you plan on swimming here make SURE you go around the outside of the building toward the tennis courts. Once you turn the corner cane clearly see the outdoor swimming pool lanes. I had no idea the swimming pool lanes were outdoors! SWEET! Nice break compare to swimming laps indoor for all the swimmer you know what am talking about....Unfortunately not lot of lanes. Six in all. So its sink or swim get lane more less one by yourself. Thankfully one open up. My beast partner and I got to share lane get our training in. Lot of lifeguard support two of them. The locker rooms not sure never used them. Another section right next to the lap lanes with diving pool area and I believe cool down or kid pool area. The entree fee is the same as any other City of Henderson. The times those always vary from fall, spring, and the safe bet call ahead of time. Everyone that crossed paths with is super friendly and one of the lifeguards once done with our workout. Talking stories with was even cheering on only one guy swimming at the time. I thought nothing better if need that extra boast of positive energy hear the lifeguard cheer you on then silent treatment. Lol!!I would come here more often just for the outdoor part but Multi Gen has more lanes and set up better. It on the opposite side of town for me. But if looking for option B Silver Springs is solid one. Only negative is not lot of lanes so cross fingers get lane or call ahead see.
5	Great basketball courts and racquetball courts. Reservations can be made online or over the phone. They also offer swimming and Gymboree classes which the kids loved.
