3	I saw an ad for the bakery touting their assortment of European pastries and breads.  It sounded very enticing and I am always up for fresh baked items.  Upon entering, there's a wonderful aroma.  The owners could be seen in the back preparing more goods before they came out front to greet us.  Since nothing was labeled in the pastry case, they proceeded to tell us what each of the items was.  We decided on the biscuit chocolate cake, burek, tiramisu and a loaf of French bread.  We were fortunate to get a fresh-out-of-the-oven burek with cheese.  We wasted no time trying that and it was wonderful.  Most of the items were pretty tasty.  The bakery offers a selection of items from Southeastern Europe, including Bosnia, Bulgaria and Greece, etc.  This is commonly referred to as the Balkan region, hence the name.  Enough of the geography lesson for now, back to the food.  It's a family operated business that offers good food at a good value.  Give it a try.  You'll find it's worth the trip.
5	This is the place I go to almost every other day.  It's awesome because the bread is fresh and it smells soooo good inside.  You can choose from the cakes they have or ask them what days they are making any specialty cakes.  My favorite things are baklava, spinach pita, cheese pita or burkek (meat pita) and of course the bread.  Its not only one type of bread, as they truly have a variety, you can choose from bread rolls, French bread, regular bread, pretzels etc. They make it fresh everyday or you can opt out for one day old bread and save some money.  I love this place and I feel like I am back in Europe when I go here.  They can get to know you by name if you come here all the time.  In Europe its normal to talk about your family, so feel free to chat if the place is not too busy.  5 stars all the way.
5	This place was Great! The man behind the counter was friendly and explained what each pastry was with each unpronounceable name. We got this double vanilla custard cream thing with a wonderful flaky top and the best deal going on a package of day old rolls that tasted fresh the next day. Fabulous and I am already trying to find an excuse to make the drive ack over.
5	What a great bakery.  The breads are fantastic as well as some of their specialty baked goods.  They even have spiral rolls with spinach, cheese, etc. fillings, something like Spanakopeta, but individual.  They have a nice selection of individual sweet bakery items.  They remind so much of Greek food, especially since I make a large batch of Spanakopeta a few times a year.  Their food is great and so reasonable.
4	The owner(s) were sitting outside on a cafe table enjoying some coffee, but they immediately stood up to greet us once we approached the place. The guy behind the counter was very friendly and helpful which is a big plus.I haven't really tried the pastries aside from the baklava, which is awesome by the way. We bought all 3 kinds of the bureks: cheese, meat, and spinach. I didn't try the spinach but the cheese and meat bureks were ridiculously good...especially with a good dollop of sour cream. I'm big on bread, but god...I love kifla..this was my first time having them and they're fantastic. Soft on the inside, with a bit of a crunch on the outside sprinkled with some salt. I had quite a few with some pork pate. Thinking back, I regret I didn't have more.We were told that the bureks sell out by noon so I'm glad we woke up fairly early. So. Worth. It. I'll definitely be back when I visit Phoenix again.
5	Great Balkan food and baked goods. I love the family environment!Visiting this bakery is a MUST!
4	I wanted to stop by here for some lunch today, but had a little trouble finding the place since I am so directionally (that's def. not a word) challenged. I called them & the guy who answered the phone guided me right to the shop. The owners (father & son?) were sitting outside at a lil table & got up to open the door for me, so polite!There were only about 2 tiny tables inside but I bet most costumers carry out. They make their bread fresh daily & desserts just as often, so as you can imagine it smelled wonderful in there. I definitely got too much but hey it was my 1st time going there! I ordered the following: spinach & cheese burek, meat & potato burek, a similar looking bread but with yummy mozzarella on top instead of inside, a (huge) piece of chocolate cream coffee cake & another (huge) piece of a vanilla custard dessert with a flaky, pastry top finished with powdered sugar.I tried every single item & am happy to say they were all good! The bureks were pretty good but maybe too filling for me, the bread with mozzarella on top was probably my fav. Both desserts were amazing & I loved them both equally.For all that my total was a little over $18. I will definitely be back & next time I have to get a loaf of their freshly made bread!
5	Hvala lijepo Balkan Bakery for making my order of Zeljanica extra special. The bakery really did me a huge favor as I wanted to surprise a friend who loves Zeljanica for her birthday and unfortunately I have not mastered the art of making them myself... yet. Enter Balkan Bakery. I ordered 5 of them on Saturday afternoon for pickup Sunday afternoon and not only did he make them for me, but cut them so that they were enough to feed about dozen people. They were a huge hit (as I knew they would be) and my friend was so happy. So again Hvala lijepo!! I will be back for more soon!
5	This place has a small assortment of pastries and breads made fresh and with obvious love for quality product.While located far from where live, we like to drop in before our favorite pastry (which I am not disclosing, so as to have less competition), disappears. The breads are all good.Try getting to the place early, as stuff disappears by the end of the day. There is a small selection of bottled/canned drinks as well, so if your desire to eat something cannot be contained, you'll have something to wash all the goodness down with.
5	Best rye bread & best baguette in town. On second thought, best bakery in town! Bureks, Tiramisu, Samuns and the pastries are all fabulous...
5	Being from England, I am used to bread made freshly in the local bakers... Balkan Bakery makes the bread daily on the premises (you can actually see them doing it), and it is AWESOME! They make from several flours, white, whole wheat, rye, seven grain, etc... In various shapes & sizes. They also offer some ethnic food items that are bakery based, some savory and some sweet, including the best tiramisu I have ever had. HIGHLY recommend them, need to get there in the early AM though as they sell out fast.
4	Yummy breads, pastry and fresh baked goods ! What a find!!
5	Love their bread, always baked fresh , has quit a variety, family owned business, very nice people, all of their breads are very good, I usually also get the spinach and cheese pastry there that they sell as well, it's amazing! Tip: they are closed on Mondays and if you go later in the afternoon it's always good to call ahead and make sure they still have specific bread available because they sell out quick
5	Amazing!!! Got all 3 of the bureks - spinach, cheese and meat - love the meat! but all spectacular! Great people too!
5	Best bakery in Phoenix!!!  Family owned and they are really nice.  Make it a priority to come to Balkan Bakery. You won't regret it.
5	Loveeee their breads! Amazing & Fresh!
