5	This is one of the greatest kept secrets of Summerlin. Not only is Gilly's affordable but the customer service is excellent and the building has tons of amenities. The owner and staff are very professional and friendly. I wash my car twice per week and get the interior detailed monthly at Gilly's. Gilly's is more than a car wash, it is a place where you go to see your friends.
5	Very pleasant people, great service. Quick. I am pleased. Very convenient location. Hard working people. Great team work, considering it's 110 degrees outside. This car wash was recommended by my employee and she was right on the money with this place.
5	So far theee BEST car wash I've had in vegas so far!! Very good attention to detail for sure. Very pleasant people too! I'm surprised they don't have a lot of reviews yet. KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK GUYS!will definitely come back to this place!!
5	Great service and all the guys do an excellent job. It takes long, but any thorough job does. I usually get the platinum for $26 which is the complete detail. They have many options
5	I was looking for a good car wash place in Vegas with great service and fair prices and this is the best choice I could have made! Everyone that works here is very friendly and   does a great job! I went with the basic silver full serve wash and the results are perfect! Our car is glowing again! And I truly admire these peoples work! This place certainly deserves a 5 star review and hopefully many more. I will definitely return!
5	Was heading to Wash Works when I drove past this place and gave it a chance. I just needed some scratches buffed out and a wax. Marc ,the detailer, was right on it. Even did a sample area first to make sure it would look ok before I committed to the whole job.  He did a great job, fair price and no pressure. Give this place a try!
5	Got my  BMW washed Great detail job, friendly staff, & I love the massage chair!!  I like the fact that they have waiting areas indoors and outdoors important in Las Vegas. I will definitely be coming back
5	New to the area and ended a reliable place to get my car washed!!!! This place was awesome!!! Professional, quick and thorough!!!! Will most definitely continue to come back and recommend everyone to this place!!!!
5	They do awesome work here and have great prices !!  Just had the carpets of a pretty old car done and they look great,  like new!   By far this is the best car wash in this area. Believe me I've been to them all over the years.
5	Just got my trucked washed! These guys did a great job, pricing was great on all washes! Also I met the owner... This guy gets it! Customer service is what he is all about! Great job guys! Thanks for cleaning my truck!!!
5	So glad this car wash has moved into the neighborhood.  I got a flyer in the mail to get 20% off a car detail.  After rescuing a white puppy, there was no keeping dirty paws and hair from off the back seat.  I needed a thorough detail to get my car looking like how it used it.  I was really happy with the customer service from Gilly's from the minute I called to ask about services.  I made an appointment on a Saturday & they were ready for me as soon as I got there.  The owner was there and very friendly and accommodating.  He has been in the car wash business for awhile and knows what he is doing!   I was pleased when I picked up my car.  They weren't able to get up some of spots on my seats but said if I brought it back, they would have another go at the spots since sometimes the shampoo brings other stains to the surface.  I will definitely be coming back to Gilly's for upkeep.  Also, I've learned my lesson with the puppy and got a back seat pet cover! haha :)
1	I have had my car washed here once before and was very impressed with the level of detail that the guy took with the interior. As a result I chose to return with my car for an. interior detailed specifically. I explained that I wanted to have the carpets cleaned and the interior cleaned thoroughly. The vehicle is only two years old so this isn't a difficult task. I dropped the vehicle off and was told it would take an hour and a half to two hours. 45 minutes later I received a phone call telling me my vehicle was done.When I arrived it took only a moment to discover that the interior had hardly been touched. They had wiped down my leather seats with some shiny substance and touched nothing else. The guy had the audacity to ask me if the job was acceptable    I politely explained that obviously there was some type of miscommunication and that my vehicle was not complete. I pointed out several obvious areas that established the vehicle still needed to be vacuumed, the dash still needed to be wiped down, there were drip spots on the console where the straw in my drink had flipped fluid and dried. As they began the process of actually cleaning my vehicle, The bullshit excuses began. These guys actually suggested that they chose not to armor all my wheels, and extra that I had been charged for specifically, because it "stains the wheels over time" ridiculous!!!In the end I was charged $80 for an interior detail with carpet cleaning, the majority of which was never done. Total scam artists stay away!!!
2	I would not recommend this place. The only reason I gave them 2 stars instead of 1 is because they were at least minimally polite. Certainly not friendly or even pleasant, but fairly polite.They did a poor job on the wheels and the inside of my car. I realize they aren't going to do a deep/thorough wheel cleaning for the mid-range price but at least clean the visible parts. The inside still had crumbs in the cup holders, pet hair on the removable carpets and black smudges on the metal foot rest plate.The quality was similar to if I went through an automatic carwash and took 15 min of my own time to vacuum the inside. That would have only cost $5 though, not $25-35 with tip. I'll stick to Fabulous Freddy's or doing it myself from now on. $20-30 at Freddy's and your car is like brand new along with clean workers who are very nice and cordial.
4	Chose this place because of the great yelp reviews. I have to say that I agree. They did my car very well. When I got there, they warned me up front that it was going to be a little bit of a wait. I appreciated that. I would rather know than not know. They did a nice job.   Does not look as fancy as Fabulous Freddy's.  I really appreciate their good manners and the nice job that they did. No complaints.  The day after I notice that they did not vacuum my trunk. Still happy with them overall.
5	Awesome awesome awesome,Love their attention to detail. My car is black on black and the always make it look brand new & spotless!I'll be back often!
1	closed!!!!!!
3	As of this week they appear to be out of business.  I had a few of our cars washed there and they did okay.  Hopefully someone will take over the place.
