4	Showcasing an impressive open charcoal barbecue, Rodi has transformed what was previously a rather small corner chippy into an excellent new Turkish restaurant, with room for around 30 diners.I've eaten a fair amount of Turkish food, over the years, particularly on my regular jaunts to Istanbul. The food on offer here compared very favourably, with their meat extremely tender, and the main course portion absolutely vast. As an illustration, I had no need of breakfast the next day after dining here, as I was still full. Overall, we said: "Rodi is a really welcome new addition to the dining circuit. Once they've grown in to their new premises a little more, I'm confident they will become a firm favourite with Edinburgh diners, as their food is delicious. I look forward to my next visit, and would strongly recommend that you pay it a visit."
4	Rodi to me feels like what I would expect to find if I was given a really good Turkish home cooked meal.There certainly no pretence to the food here its good honest and very tasty.For my starter I went for the Sucuk - a heavily spiced beef sausage that was served with salad. One thing you notice in this place is the intoxicating wafts coming from the grill - having been hungry on arrival by the time my starter arrived I was pretty much drooling. The sausage was delicious, served on a small salad and with some bread on the table it didn't need anything else. This was a sausage celebration. Huzzah to the humble banger!For my main I opted for the lamb spare ribs, served with rice and pida ( a really nice flatbread) as well as the various salads they brought to the table. Of the salads I really liked the charred onions with pomegranate - as Blythe.R said they are intense....I like intense.The ribs were meaty, flavoursome and plentiful....basically my ideal kind of plate. A few extra napkins would have been handy but I demolished the ribs in records time with a big smile on my face. Always a good sign.All in all this is a surprising gem of a place! Rodi comes highly JD Recommended!
4	My bedroom when I was a young teen was blue and orange - walls, ceiling and carpet all deep royal blue; all furniture, skirting boards and door and window frames were the brightest bright orange. So in a way, walking into the orangey warmth of Rodi and enjoying its shots of deep blue felt a little bit like coming home.The effect was enhanced by the friendly welcome of the staff, and of course of the lovely Yelpers gathered around the table. It felt like a family dinner in somebody's vibrant, exotic home.Ahhh and what a dinner. The sucuk starter was blissful - chunks of spicy sausage on fresh crispy lettuce - I could eat that any day of the week and be completely happy. My main, a beautiful chicken affair, was tender, succulent, flavoursome and seriously bountiful. My mighty appetite faltered and failed me in the face of such plenty... But not so much as to eschew the offer of rice pudding for dessert.You all know about compartments, right? How the stomach totally has a savoury compartment and a pudding compartment? Well that's what was going on here. I was completely full in my main compartment but plenty of room for a bit of pudding.The rice pudding surprised me as it was cold - but I liked it a lot; rich and creamy, it was a lovely new way for me to try it. The top was burnt - I think it was meant to be that way and I could see how it was supposed to work, to give a sharper kick to the sweet pudding, but it didn't quite go, for me. I ended up scooping out from underneath.Aside from the front door, which had a tendency to stick open and let in the cold when someone entered or exited and meant that the staff frequently had to scoot over and close it (something they were always very prompt in doing) the restaurant is a lovely place. I imagine its location opposite the EICC will mean it's rarely short of business, especially in August. And if that means that Rodi continues for a long time to come, that can only be a good thing, because I definitely want to come back. Lots of times.
4	the monthly yelp dinner to try out new and exciting restaurants is always good fun, especially this months visit to Rodi.  this restaurant is a far venture from my usual side of town so probably some place i would have never visited had it not been for Blythe R's suggestion.  after a rather lengthy bus ride to the side of town followed by a very chilly walk past the EICC i spotted a glowing beacon of turkish food that was filled with fellow yelpers, warm bright colours, and the delicious smelling of grilled meats!there were a good number of us and as in my usual style i was last to arrive.  however, i didn't need long to contemplate the menu and was quite happy to order when the waitress returned with my turkish tea.  i went for a starter of hummous followed by a grilled chicken dish.  i'm not sure how discrimatory i can be toward hummous as i love it and have yet to find any that hasn't been to my taste.  i was given a suitable portion size served along a basket of warm flat bread for dipping.  my rumbling tummy was suitably pleased and i started looking forward to the main course.dishes took a bit to arrive as it appears everything is cooked fresh after you order.  there is a massive charcoal fire behind the register which is both warm and cosy for a cold night but also the palce where they grill all their meat.  which dishes did start to arrive we were given a number of side salads and dips and finally plentiful dishes of grilled meats with rice!  my grilled chicken sat atop a smoked aubergine dip and was accompanied by a side of rice and grilled flat bread.  the portion was HUGE.  seriously HUGE.  even after a hard run i was barely able to eat half before i was totally defeated.  but portion size aside, the chicken and aubergine and rice was super super tasty and i was sad to think i couldn't eat every bite!  the chicken was tender and juicy, the aubergine dip had a really lovely creamy smokey taste that mixed so well with both the chicken and the rice.  the salad dishes on the side were a nice veggie accompainment but i struggled to have more than a few forkfuls of these.so overall i really really enjoyed Rodi.  the food was excellent and in the future i'd likely get a main dish to share with someone!  the staff are super friendly and the only negative point i can see is its rather far distance from where i live or tend to go out.  however, i would this a great place to get some dinner before the many festival shows at the EICC.
