4	When I got to the South Point Gourmet Food Truck Fest, they were out of everything but pumpkin cheesecake and pozole.  But the pozole, a spicy chicken soup with cabbage and lime, was pretty damn good.  Fresh ingredients, super hot, great flavor.  Apparently this truck will have guest chefs.  Can't wait to see them around town.
5	I was super excited to hear that Ichi Mas Truck was going to be at Tommy Rocker's weekly Saturday Night Truck Stop Event. So last minute planning.. a group of us went  after work to check them out. Instead of food first... I dived right in to dessert first. I read and heard many great things about this.. San Leche Cake. The sponge cake was Super moist and drenched in what tasted like a tiny bowl of refreshing, melted delicious milkshake!!! The whipped cream frosting was so light, fresh, and fluffy... the juicy, fresh diced strawberries sealed the whole flavor together! The cake tasted so light, yet the flavor gave this richness that embodied what looks like a simple looking sponge cake... but easily became the most delicious cake you ever came across. Eyes poppin', happy dance movin'... a bite full of smiles. I was hungry when I came to this truck strop, but having that cake... I could skip happily back to my car and head home. It was enough for me to be full! I was so jolly after eating this.. I was glowing with delight!!! I was beyond impressed and bought another one to go, so my Mother can taste this cake greatness. I even got all my coworkers to buy this dessert, since I couldn't stop raving crazy about it. Even one that wasn't milk friendly couldn't resist!!! They all enjoyed it as much as I did. Ichi Mas Truck knows how to make a statement with their San Leche Cake. That screamed volumes in my taste buds. Service was friendly and fast. Always had a smile every time I came back. Love this cake!!! Dreaming about it ever since...
3	All I ever read or hear about is this San Leche Cake. Which only added to my sadness when they did not have it. My first experience with them was at the most recent South Point Food Truck Festival. With the guest chef, we got Wong Wings, Spam Musubi, Braise Pork Sandwich, and Ebi Ceviche. I ordered the last item and thought it could have used jalapenos or more citrus to liven up the bland flavors. I want to give them another try since I love Spam Musubi and any soaked cakes. The concept of having a new guest chef also adds to the fun. Even if a customer does not  enjoy one visit does not mean that they will dislike their next one. A bit of Russian roulette never hurts anyone. Actually, I will retract my previous statement...
