5	My fiance and I had our first appointments at this dentist office and have nothing but great things to say about it! We both saw Dr. Erskine who is young, very friendly and down to earth! He took time with each of us to talk about any problems we might be having and gave practical solutions. The hygienists were amazing - they were so nice and patient! I think that I had the best by far - there has never been a time that I have enjoyed going to the dentist, so this is a first!!! Also check out their website for biographies of the dentists - there are two and I hear that Dr. Choules is awesome as well!!! If you're looking for a new dentist, definitely give them a try!
5	I was referred by a family friend to Dr. Choules' office about 2 years ago, and I have been returning every 6 months.  I always have a great experience there, which is refreshing.  I've been to some dentists that are like used car salesmen.They always pair me with the same dental hygienist, Melissa, who I swear takes notes about my life.  I build water features, and she politely asks me questions about work.  At my last appointment, Melissa asked if I knew about a new development in Scottsdale that is supposed to have fountains in the future.  i didn't know about it, so I did some research at the office and have a meeting lined up with the General Contractor!
5	Unfortunately, I had an insurance change and Dr. Choules' office no longer accepts my insurance...when they called to remind me it was time to schedule an appointment, I let them know of the change.  They told me they were sorry to lose me as a patient, but to please be sure to get my dental records from them when I had time so I could bring them to my new dentist. It's nice when an establishment still stays classy even when they lose your business. I wish circumstances were different and I was able to still see Dr. Choules. I will definitely return if my carrier changes again!
5	After years of neglecting my teeth due to a fear of dentists, I finally faced up to it. My experience with Dr Choules and his staff was very pleasant and professional
5	I struck gold...twice!Are you one of those people who has a fear of the dentist's chair? Well, this is the place for you!I'm originally from out of state and refused to see a local dentist, opting to wait for visits "back home" where I could be seen by my favorite dentist to whom I've been very loyal. He was very skilled and we had a great rapport.The day finally came when I couldn't wait for that trip back home due to the lifetime supply of plaque in my teeth. A friend recommended Dr. Choules' office because  of the reputation for getting patients out of the chair in time to get to work early in the morning. I had no idea what I'd also find was skilled, friendly, personable service to rival what I left behind back home.Everyone --- from the front office to the hygienists to the dentists --- have provided professional, sensitive service with a smile. Melissa, in particular, has been a joy to have as my hygienist. We never seem to lack for things to chat about --- which is a challenge when you're having your teeth cleaned! You'll never feel nervous or uncomfortable in her care. She's the most thoughtful, gentle and considerate hygienist anyone could ask for. I hope someone's reading this and giving her a big, fat raise!So, if you're shopping around for dental care, do yourself a favor and make an appointment here. You won't be disappointed. Oh, and the $50 take home bleaching kit offer with a Yelp check in can't be beat! :D
5	I hadn't been to the dentist in 5 years, and was incredibly anxious to come in for a cleaning. Every dentist I've ever been to has left me in pain for days, as I have incredibly sensitive teeth and just getting a cleaning is at best incredibly uncomfortable. However, I left Choules Family Dentistry having had a totally different experience: it didn't hurt at all, and I really felt like the hygienist was very in tune with how I was feeling. I wish I could remember her name (I went a few months ago) because she was great, really personable and skilled. My actual experience with the dentist (not sure which one, I'm bad with names!) was brief and felt a little rushed, but I'm not taking off a star because leaving the office with my mouth feeling simply clean and happy instead of painful and bruised is so awesome. And he didn't see much of concern in my mouth so I can't blame him for not stopping to chat.  And now I'm not scared of the dentist's office, and will absolutely come back! They were super affordable, too, even though I don't have dental insurance. Big bonus.
5	I've been coming here since I got my braces on 15 years ago and have recommended it to many people. The staff is so friendly and the dental hygienists do a great job. I've had all sorts of dental work here and they have made every experience a positive one. They listen and answer all questions I may have and they make sure that I am comfortable throughout the appointment. As long as I am in Phoenix, I will always come here for my dental work.
