4	Great food...a little pricey.  Basic pasta is about $16 and the meat dishes range from $20-35.  I had salmon...it was amazing!  When my boyfriend at the time and I ate there while it was still nice out, so we were able to sit outside and people watch.  Also, because they share owners, the acts that perform at the Majestic often eat there, so keep an I out for them. Check out my Majestic review for a good story about that!  Great food and lots of options, whatever you are in the mood for.  4 stars.
5	this is one of my favorite breakfast spots in all of madison. it looks like it's right out of new york, but has such a great european flavor. their almond french toast (i can't remember the exact name, and surprisingly, it's not listed on their menu online) is INCREDIBLE. everytime i'm in madison on a saturday or sunday morning, i want to be here. the hostess on those mornings is phenomenol. and the waitstaff is incredibly friendly and helpful. i LOVE it.
4	Came here for brunch and shared the Crab Cakes Benedict - I'm pretty picky about crab cake and these didn't cut the mustard.  I was looking forward to the cheese grits but found them to be really tasteless.  We also shared the Malt Waffle.  You can add one of their caramel sauces to any of their waffles so we went with the caramel sauce and pecans  - this was super yummy!  However, I'd ask for the sauce on the side next time because by the time we got the waffle, the sauce had soaked through and made most of the waffle soggy.  Oh, and we had a side of bacon which I thought would only be two pieces but was pleasantly surprised to see 5 slices!  The service was really, really, really slow.  I think they may have been short staffed that day.  Overall, I would love to go back and have the Malt Waffle again and try other things on their extensive menu.
4	Grade: ANothing remotely bad. Excellent food. Excellent service. Great looking place.
1	Trippers, all of you other reviewers. This place has a bad name. Should be called "Cafe Cul-de-Sac". There is nothing cosmopolitan about this place, or their menu. Save your dollars, unless you feel the need to torture yourself.
5	I'm a huge fan. Everything I've ever ordered has been flavorful and satisfying. The pastas are huge and yummy -- especially the parpadelle. There is wide variety at brunch, and good coffee. For the quality of the food and the portion size, most dishes seem like a steal.  The atmosphere feels old-worldly, because the space is both small and intimate. It's consistently a comfortable, relaxed, friendly, pleasant and unpretentious spot to eat.
3	I've always enjoyed coming here for brunch.  Great savory dishes as well as sweet brunch dishes.  They have great espresso drinks.  It is popular, so you should be OK with eating at the bar if you do not make advance reservations.  But it's delicious and oh so worth it.While it's a nice, solid place for brunch, there could be a bit more pizazz. I like going here, but it's the brunch place I take people to when we can't come up with another option.
4	This review is mostly for brunch because I think it's what they really excel at. I've had dinner here once and I think it was good... but a little unmemorable. The brunch, on the other hand is awesome.Their eggs benedicts are really delicious, especially the artichoke, which is my favorite. My most recent visit I got the crab cakes and I didn't love it, but the sauces and creamy and very tasty. If you like sweets, I highly recommend the Bananas Foster French Toast - it's unbeatable! My boyfriend literally said, "I can never finish 4 pieces of French toast except here." They're that good. The cheese grits are a nice side with anything. I don't love their potatoes because they're very creamy and heavy. They have nice seating outside if you happen to be in Madison during the 3 months when it's warm enough to consider it. Make sure to make reservations for Sunday brunch - they get very busy.
4	this review is pretty much based on the eggs benedict alone.i've been here multiple times -- but only for brunch.  and each time i am so tempted by the beef tenderloin eggs benedict, i can't help but order them again!they are absolutely to die for!excellent hollandaise, perfectly done poached eggs paired awesomely with delicious beef tenderloin.  i also shared the apple caramel french toast once and that is also really tasty.i have never been for anything else but brunch, so i can't vouch for anything else, but i have been so satisfied with every visit here, i had to review it!the place is a little small, so it's probably a good idea to get reservations if you're going for brunch on the weekends.   the service is good.  the hostess (it's been the same lady every time i've gone) was extremely pleasant and accommodating (even trying to help us find parking as we drove around the square!).  four stars for excellent food, good service, nice atmosphere and consistency.i must try this place for lunch/dinner!
5	I have to admit, I'm basing my review only on breakfast. They have THE most amazing French toast on the planet. Words cannot even describe the deliciousness. The omelettes and eggs benedict are also to die for.  The only thing is, the place gets packed so call in reservations ahead of time. Also, I believe the dinner menu is pricey (especially for those on a college student's budget).
3	Attractive little restaurant.  The brunch is pretty tasty, and the desserts are excellent.  I'm not as much of a fan of the dinners; they seem overpriced for the quality.  Part of the problem is that they don't have that much in the way of vegetarian entrees and I didn't really like their polenta at all.  Vegetarian entrees are not clearly marked, so you have to hunt for them. The next time I eat there, I'm ordering the baked brie or bruschetta and then a dessert.
4	I came here for lunch a while ago and didn't remember it being anything special. I came back for brunch last weekend and it was AWESOME! I had grilled portobello mushrooms with poached eggs, pico de gallo and crispy spinach. I haven't ever had such a creative brunch. My friend had polenta with tomatoes and liked it as much as I liked my mushrooms. I will definitely come back for brunch soon and give lunch/dinner another try.
4	If you are going for brunch on a weekend then reservations are a must. Although if you get there early it can be a short wait. I had the Polenta Con Funghi and was quite satisfied. The texture was right and it went well with the mushroom, eggplant and red sauce. The meal definitely left me wanting to try more items on the menu. Perhaps I will update soon with the scoop on dinner.
4	It was packed and popular on Sunday morning for good reason.  Nothing was mindblowing or extraordinary, but it was very well done and left me happy.  You do have to approach the menu deliberately to get the maximum satisfaction, which is why this rates a 4 and not a 5.The coffee comes in stainless steel thermos-mugs, and is fresh and tasty.  I got the applewood smoked bacon benedict, and it was simple and very well done.  The grits it came with weren't to my liking, but then maybe that's just because I'd never had grits before and didn't know I didn't like them.  The fruit bowl on the side was a little bit underwhelming; for $3.50 I'd expect a little more than a very small bowl of watermelon, cantaloupe, and honeydew.  Not bad, just overpriced.My girlfriend got the bananas foster french toast.  It was really tasty, but definitely a dessert and hard for her to stomach as a whole breakfast.What really impressed me was just watching the people work.  I sat at the bar, where I had a good view of the bartender and the kitchen.  I watched as the cooks poached the eggs, as they made their bananas foster in small fresh batches, as they cooked each slice of bacon to individual perfection.  I observed the bartender pouring bloody mary after bloody mary with such generous helpings of vodka it was hard to believe.  The bartender wasn't showy, but he paid close attention to his drinks, to the cleanliness of his glasses, and to the customers sitting in front of him.I would definitely return again.  When I do, we'll probably order a french toast to split and one of the various eggs benedict meals, and skip any extra sides.  (When you split, don't get an extra plate though, they charge dearly for that.)
5	We stumbled upon this place searching for a different resturant to have brunch in and this is the best brunch I've ever had, hands down! Amazing, extensive menus and really beautiful decor. I wish there was one by me!!!
4	Went here for brunch Sunday and it was very pleasent. The benedicts are amazing, although the crab cake benedict was a bit dry. The bananas foster french toast was delicious; as well as reasonably priced.If sitting outside I'd recommend bring sunglasses as the steel tables reflect lots of light, so you'll be blinded most of your meal.
2	I've had dinner here a couple of times.  Nice room, and the menu sounds appealing, but the food is just OK; and for the same prices, and within a few blocks, you could be having dinner at Muramoto, or Osteria Papavero, or Magnus, all of which are miles better.Note:  I haven't tried the brunch, which seems to be the source of many of the high-star ratings here.
2	I think the quality of the food has taken a dive here in the past year. The salads come out looking sort of sad, with bruised avocados; the pasta seems like a sea of noodles with very few goodies mixed in. It's too bad. Used to be one of my favorite places for brunch or dinner.I used to really like this place, but now avoid it.
2	On a Sunday morning, things got rolling slowly here... took a while to get basic attention, water, staff seemed frantic and recovering from a Saturday night perhaps.  No egg substitutes here... "we stick strictly to the menu" we were told, so if it says poached and you want scrambled, or egg-whites, too damn bad.Had the crispy spinach and portobello which was good, then learned that the spinach is deep-fried which I wish I'd known before I ordered.Not kid-friendly so you'll get the staff fish-eye if you've got little ones along.Overall the food seemed over-priced and the quaint atmosphere only goes so far.  Hop over to Marigold's down the block for the real deal.
4	The french toast with roasted hazelnuts is delicious! A shame it's not served with pure maple syrup.
3	I ADORE the crab eggs Benedict and this is what keeps me returning once or twice a year for brunch. [and why I almost never order anything else] I've had consistently great service. However, I went here for dinner years ago, wasn't really impressed, and wouldn't do it again.  I would highly suggest you make a reservation for brunch on the weekends.
4	I've only ever been here for brunch, but I've never been disappointed. The hostess is sweet and usually gets you seated right away, even if you don't have a reservation. I personally prefer coming in the warmer months so you can sit outside, but the inside is nice too.Decent bloody marys, EXCELLENT crab cake benedicts. The caramel apple french toast is pretty spectacular, too.
4	Brunch is seriously one of my absolute favorite meals (though I really love lunch and dinner a lot too... umm... it's an ongoing internal debate, which one I love the most). Cafe Continental is an argument FOR brunch. All of their benedicts are spectacular and if you love french toast, you are in luck. Absolutely fantastic! And their omelets? Arg. SOOO good. The cheesy grits are good, if that's your thang but the side of potato salad is equally delicious. Their dinners are okay, from what I remember but not stand-out excellent like their brunches.Also. They have the most awesome coffee mugs which were handed down from generations of restaurants or something amazing like that. AND you can't find them anywhere anymore!!! SOOO COOL. I want a mug!!! Anyone know a good smith metal?? lol.
4	Great great brunch.  The eggs are delicious.  The other dishes are a little overpriced to me.  Great for a morning brunch.  Good for small parties and a very polite and caring owner.  Also, good waitstaff.
3	I've done brunch here twice now. First time I got an omelet (don't remember what kind) with potatoes on the side. Second time I got the crab cake benedict with cheesy grits. Definitely recommend the grits over the potatoes. Deifnitely recommend the eggs benedict over the omelets. You can see I was not such a fan the first time I came here.Service: OK. I don't even remember the first time. But the second time, sitting at the bar, the bartender was helpful with recommendations. The hostess was weird with seating us. She almost put us at a table, after asking if we would be out within the hour, changed her mind and put us at the bar instead.Environment: Nothing special - a bit dark to me for brunch, but they have outdoor seating if you want to wait for it.Side note: I love their coffee mugs.
4	My BF and I stopped in for brunch today on a friend's recommendation.  The place is super cute but simple, reminds me of a french cafe.  We came in at about 1pm on a Sunday and it wasn't very crowded, but started to pick up by the time we left.  There were several items on the menu I wanted to try including some awesome french toast concoctions: apples and caramel, bananas foster, pan perdu... but I was feeling some eggs and I went with the crab cakes benedict and grits.  I am from Virginia so I know my crab cakes and grits.  While the crab cakes weren't the same as  what I'm used to back home, they were flavorful and  delicious.  The grits were yummy and hit that southern comfort spot! Definitely recommend the crab cakes benedict.  My BF got the Mediterranean omelette which was good but nothing too unique or special.  He also ordered the potatoes, which I imagined  to be similar to hash-browns but they were closer to potato salad... some kind of creamy sauce.. not sure what, mayo or cream cheese? Some reviewers disliked the service, but our waitress was attentive but not annoyingly so, kept our drinks full, and knowledgeably answered all our menu questions (my BF always asks a lot of them). We sat there and talked over our coffee for a long time and didn't feel rushed, in fact, the waitress told us to take our time, and kept refilling our coffee. I can't wait to go back and try some french toast :)!!
4	yum, one of my favorite places for brunch, simply because their bananas foster french toast is to fricken die for!!!Seriously, it would be on my list of last meals.  I would really like to try more there but I love that stuff so much.  The boy got a crab meat omelet the last time we went and he loved that as well!  And their creamy potato concotion is awesome!  The bloody's aren't very great though.If you are looking for a place for brunch, check it out!
3	Had a dinner date there and to be honest, I wasn't too impressed. We ordered an appetizer and had a few drinks, leading to our main course. I cannot specifically remember what we all ordered, but it was just o.k. The place is very small and we were one of the only two tables taken that night and they placed us right next to the only other table there. I almost felt like I was part of the other tables conversation. The service was decent and for the portions you get, the prices you pay are quite high.
