4	This is an great hostel (as far as hostels go at least). I went to Montreal during college on a very little budget so I decided to stay at a hostel instead of a hotel. This hostel is located in the heart of Montreal, walking distance from everything, and is friendly and clean. I reserved a private room here for a really reasonable rate which had a big bed, a sink, as well as a nice balcony overlooking the street. The first floor has a kitchen and a community room as well as the front desk and the upstairs floors had the rooms and community bathrooms. If you're looking for a hostel in Montreal look no further than Le Gite de Plateau Mont-Royal.
4	I've only traveled to countries where you're lucky to have hot water and things like pillows are luxuries and certainly you'd be a fool to assume they're provided, and so I arrived to Montreal with low expectations. Well, this hostel provides all those basics, and perhaps a few more (coffee/tea/toast when you walk downstairs, included in the already great price!) Here are my favorite things:1. LOCATION - you're away from all the touristy crap along Rue St Catherine (like, unless you came to go to Starbucks and Aldo, I prefer this area because it's close enough for me to go run up to the chalet at Mont Royal, and it's a drunken stumble from sooo many good bars and still close enough to walk to Jazz Fest) 2. STAFF - umm supernice, knowledgeable, and helpful. I ask a lot of dumb questions, and Bhyrn (I think that's his name, which I am copying from my receipt...) helped me plan my day, and made fantastic suggestions. 3. quasi-BREAKFAST - included! 4. $1.00 storage! I checked out, and they let me stash my backpacking bag for a buck. Sweet. 5. Wi-fi - I didn't have a computer, but it's nice they provide internet free. 6. BIXI ACROSS THE STREET!!!! CAVEAT: They are not a party-hostel, don't bring your booze and berespectful (or just choose another). I like to drink, but it was nice to feel relaxed. If I return to Montreal, I will stay here. (For comparison, I stayed at HI Auberge Juenesse, but it felt like a jail and there were large tour bus groups with kids that looked like they were in high school.)
4	Le Gite du Plateau hostel is great place for travelers and those who seek asylum from there routine day to days, with breathtaking rooftop views and easy access to all points of this beautiful city, the Plateau and Downtown Montreal especially. There is also a small porch area on each floor, which I think is a pretty cool nook to chop it up with a cutie from Switzerland and burn one to the sky on behalf of me and my ninjas.Check-in was quick and easy, and is in the same space as the living room/kitchen/dining/internet area. Very spacious first floor that entices interactions with other guests - a great way to meet people from all walks of life and different shades and share thoughts. It is truly a beautiful thing, and it doesn't cost a fuckin' French penny (which no longer exists, btw). Complimentary breakfast from 7h to 10h every morning. I think 8h on Sundays.I was assigned to the six-bed rooftop mixed room (male and female), in which you are given a key for after 11pm access, as the Roof is locked and only accessible to those bunked there. The rooftop area itself is amazing. It has a camp site feel to it because of the outdoor sink and mirror, as well as the toilet and shower rooms. All I was missing was some bad bitches and some marshmallows for that ass. Next time I book here I plan on filling all six beds, therefore my heathens and I have exclusive access to the rooftop from 23h until 8h. Great way to impress the ladies.The staff at Le Gite are amazing as well, and diverse - which I totally dig. I had about a quarter bottle of Ciroc Red Berry I had brought from Boston (Ciroc is not sold in Montreal) that I didn't want to carry on my last day after check out, so the ladies who worked there helped me polish the bottle clean. It was there first time ever seeing and tasting it, so I'm glad I was able to get them hip to what we Bostonians like to swig to get right 'til sunlight.The one negative thing to say about Le Gite is that the entire first floor is closed after 23h, and doesn't open until 6h or 7h. I'd like to have been able to fix a meal or clean my draws during off-peak hours. Also, the indoor seating area on the second floor is very small with only one pair of outlets. Not a huge deal, but a bit inconvenient at the slightest.If you are in need of a hostel to hang your hat and kick your feet, Le Gite in my book is highly recommended. You won't be disappointed. Safe travels and no glove, no love.Go Bruins!!!*Beantowns Finest*
