1	I went to take my car for a repair.  After describing the problem to the mechanic (Manny) and asking him if it was possible to diagnose the cause of the problem, he was extremely rude, offensive, and condescending to me.
1	First of all, MANNY I HOPE YOU ARE READING THIS. My 1991 Toyota 4runner broke down right out in front of Caesar's Palace. The tow truck driver told us that the shop we had requested was closed (of course) and offered to take us to the closest service shop. Hmm what a surprise that this tow truck driver and Manuel happen to be friends and are working together to lure helpless victims into spending hundreds of dollars at Manny's shop. When we arrived the tow truck driver jokingly said to Manny "Fuel Pump" and they both laughed. Mechanics usually charge an arm and a leg to replace fuel pumps, even though it may not be the problem. Anyways, it was about an hour before Manuel even began looking at the vehicle. I had read on some Toyota forums about this specific problem that I had been having and I tried showing Manuel but he didn't want to hear anything that I was saying. The people on these Toyota forums know what they are talking about, more than a sleazy mechanic off the Vegas strip who vaguely knows what he is doing. He told me had half a million dollars worth of tools and computers to diagnose the problem....I just accepted this because I needed my truck fixed and needed to get home ASAP. Waited around about another hour while Manuel "Diagnosed" the problem, which entailed putting a voltage meter into my fuse box and letting the engine run while he tinkered around the shop. Suddenly he starts closing the garage doors and packing up as if he were heading home. I went in to ask him what was going on with it and he told me that he would have to keep diagnosing the problem tomorrow and could have it ready by noon. We had already let him know that we don't live in Vegas and are college students and don't have the means to pay for a hotel and a possibly pricey repair. Of course when I asked him what the price would be he wouldn't tell me, and said I can tell you tomorrow. NOT SCAMMY AT ALL! Totally trustworthy. He continued to lock up the shop but we needed the truck because we needed to get home. This diagnosis could have been done way faster if he hadn't been lazy and just sitting in the shop. After requesting to get the truck back because we were going to leave, he became very agitated and said that he would have to charge $85 to put everything "back in", as if he had taken so much apart. $85 is actually a lot less than what I was expecting from this farce of a mechanic. He didn't help us at all with what we needed, and told us that if we drove it, it was going to break down again. I have news for you Manny, the truck drove without a hitch all the way back to St. George Utah. Manny is a liar and works slow. He acts nice but gets angry the minute things don't go his way. I am warning you now, if you go to Vegas and get stuck somewhere and you are picked up by ABC Towing Company, you are going to be brought to Manuel's shop. Do everything in your power to avoid this shop, or you WILL be scammed by Manuel. . $85 dollars for nothing, I thank the Lord every day that this scumbag didn't charge us more.
