4	Armstrongs is an Edinburgh institution. My Uncle worked here back in the day when it first opened, and it has been trendy ever since. Kate Moss was even spotted here once, so if its good enough for Kate it is good enough for me.When you first enter Armstrongs, you are hit with a musty stench, which can only mean you are surrounded by either old people or old clothes. Fortunately, its the latter. I am not going to lie, the two occasions I have purchased something from Armstrongs is for fancy dress purposes. There is a huge selection of clothes in every possible style, but I do not have the bank balance or desire to spend so much on such things. If you are super trendy and love vintage clothes, then great you will find something. Need some help with a fancy dress costume, then again you will be sorted. It depends on your personal style, but I can fully appreciate that to a vintage shopper this place is fantastic. I have rummaged around the men section, and there is some great, interesting finds in there.  Sometimes in the woman's section they New Look/Topshop clothes from two years ago- this isn't really my idea of vintage. But their coats and fur selection is pretty great.Definitely worth a visit, even if it is just to play dress up for an hour.
2	I dont understand these places - what was once called a second hand store is now a 'Vintage Style Store' and commands huge prices and pretensious customers.The only times I have been in here I have been for items for a  fancy dress costume, but I have seen others coming in here and buying huge amounts of second hand... err, I mean 'vintage' clothes at large cost.Moreover, I cant see the fashion in these clothes, it all seems to be rubbish and a lot of it looks like rubbish or a bit tattered.It might just be me, but I really cant understand this place, its not for me at all, although I appreciate others will love it.On a final note, the mannequins in the windows are the scariest thing ever. Look at them, you will know what I mean.
3	Amstrongs has always got ripe vintage pickings. It is one of the most famous vintage stores in the country, and was impressed to see the sign on this outlet saying it was founded in 1840. 1840! They were living in a time that everything was vintage (to us, anyway). It makes me wonder why they used to sell!However, despite my praise for the other outlet's glitzy displays, this Armstrong's has a bit less pizzaz. Don't get me wrong, it's still a prime target for rummaging, and I don't tend to surface from the shop for at least half an hour. But today I was let down (like in the other store) by vaguely ignorant customer servicem and by finding a few of my clothes on the rails!A 40s inspired Haiwaiian dress, eh? That may be the case, but what the tag failed to highlight was that it was in H&M last season. Not only that, but a fair few items from my wardrobe turned up in there, to the point I felt like I was in the Truman Show. I have a really horrible jumper I wear in bed that makes me look like a creepy kids TV presenter, and was surprised to say the least when it turned up in here (although perhaps not surprised at why it is unlikely to be purchased anytime soon.)Armstrongs is always fun, but I can't deny I was a bit disappointed. But I'm still going to go back because - well, it's Armstrongs!
3	Gone are the days of second hand clothes shops accompanied with the cheap prices you'd expect from re-sold rags. Instead 'vintage' shops such as W. Armstrongs play on the apparent rarity of such items and thus some of the price tags will have you wincing.But, as is the nature of vintage shops, you never know if you'll find a tempting bargain hidden amongst the front row products.
3	This is the second of two Armstrong & Son's in Edinburgh, and is definitely not my favourite. It's really quite small and everything is crammed in - if there's more than one person in the shop with you then you may as well leave because there's not much you can do with it!Their clothes are really decent though - surprisingly! Especially their accessories. I heard a few rumours that all the clothes they sell belong to the now-deceased, but that can't be true....right?They have some crazy window displays here too. It's quite expensive too!If you're into this sort of thing then great, if not then keep on walking!
3	I couldn't believe it when I stumbled across W. Armstrong & Son yesterday as they have a whole window display dedicated to my favourite things... SHOES! High shoes, flat shoes, brown shoes, blue shoes, glittery shoes, sequined shoes... they had them all and I couldn't believe my eyes.I'll be honest, I'm not really one for vintage clothes, vintage bags and shoes are fine but clothes... I don't know I just find weird even though I'm more prone to getting a veruca from a pair of shoes than a wooly jumper. It's just a weird thing I have at the thought of wearing someone else's old clothes. I think it's the smell of vintage shops that puts me off too, that kind of moth ball, damp, fusty smell that really isn't that attractive. However, like Marj I noticed that some of the clothes weren't quite as "vintage" as they would like you to believe and needless to say, I didn't really ponder over the clothes too much on my visit here and instead made a b-line for the shoes.The prices ranged from quite reasonable to pretty ridiculous considering most of the shoes were pretty well worn. They had some really unusual shoes and I especially liked a dainty little black and red pair of heels that I saw. This place is definitely worth a look and I guess like most second hand shops, it's a bit hit or miss and also dependant on how much you want to fork out for "vintage" items.
3	For quite a while, I believed Armstrongs to be much more fancy than it it actually is, as they've had very impressive displays at their Clerk Street branch! After a few weeks, I went in with a friend and discovered it's just like any other vintage store. They have a large selection of EVERYTHING! The items are extremely well organized so it takes little time to figure out if they have what you're looking for or not.  Though I've visited and spent quite a while here, I haven't really found anything that said "BUY ME!" and I think the whole second hand vibe is just a little two strong; some dusting and air freshener wouldn't go amiss!
3	I honestly thought this was a fancy dress shop when I first walked in here in my first year.  Some of the clothes are just ridiculous, including what looked like technicolous dreamcoats.  It's really not up my street and they try to label most of it as 'vintage' when, really, it's just tack.  What's more, the strange guy who owns it took a shining to one of my friends and kept demanding that he had a photo taken of her!  Pretty bewildering stuff.Nonetheless, if your into interesting and unusal clothing, this is the place to look.
4	I was pretty happy when I accidently stumbled into this well known vintage shop. Oldest stuff is in the first room 40's and 50's and priced a bit high for my pocket.  They also had a large collection of tartans which were a steal compared to all that cheap tourist made in china crap that litter the streets in Edinburgh.My favorite section was all the dresses from the 1960's and 1970's, priced very reasonable.  Don't get me wrong they also have newer stuff with a vintage feel but that stuff is about half the price of the real deal.  I found the staff to be knowledgeable and nice too.  I lucked out that day!  I found three dresses, a beautiful hat and a necklace all for $47 quid, not bad:)
