3	Dive bar.  $2 draft beers.  Need I say more?
4	Its a Dive bar, cheap beer, pool and darts.  My girlfriend and i's secret hideaway. Only downside is that it does quick pretty busy on some days.
4	I was eating at Oregano's the other day and this girl, a local was telling me about this place said it was a dive bar but fun so I had to try it out for myself.  I liked it but it is def a DIVE bar.  Cheap drinks that has liquer in them.  I'll def be back.
2	Cheap drinks but the bar and scene is very ghetto for being in Gilbert. They have a stage with old big screen tvs on it when it can be used for entertainment. All the other tvs are over 10 years old. Did I also mention the homeless man hanging out the the smokers area....terrible food bad service but hey you definetly get what you pay for.
3	This place is the definition of the phrase "dive bar". The sink in the women's room is directly adjacent to a large laundry sink, which I can only guess was once itself the bathroom sink. The floors were super wet from sloppy mopping. Oh, I change my guess. I believe that sink is used for the mop. This is probably the kind of place girls go to drink shots nicknamed after cartoons until they vomit and then get taken home by some dude wearing a do-rag ala 1994. In between the ah-mazing people watching, my friends and I played rounds of Big Game Hunter in the corner, which, incidentally, cost more than our rounds of drinks. This will certainly not be my local hang out and I hope to never be in need of the "facilities" here again, but the next time I am in Gilbert and I need a "there but for the grace of God go I" sort of reality check, to fake shoot fake deer and a $2.75 canned beer (and I may be wrong here, but that seems high) I'll be sure to think of Champion's.
2	Cheap drinks but the bar and scene is very ghetto for being in Gilbert. They have a stage with old big screen tvs on it when it can be used for entertainment. All the other tvs are over 10 years old. Did I also mention the homeless man hanging out the the smokers area....terrible food bad service but hey you definetly get what you pay for.
5	Gilbert's hometown 'Cheers' where the locals drink, and congregate. Prices are very reasonable, and the new flat panels were a great addition. Now, I don't get down to this area but a few times during the year, but I ALWAYS stop in for a good time. Thanks for being exactly what I expect when we're in town Champions, you're number one in my book.
5	I have been coming here for over 5 years. I love this bar!! Kimmy is an awesome bartender. Definitely a dive bar but I enjoy the atmosphere.
4	This place is a dive bar, as everyone else has mentioned. You should expect from this place what you would expect from any other dive bar: The bathrooms are not fancy or even nice, there are some old-fashioned TVs, the place could use a makeover, it's very small and gets very crowded at times. Will I come back to Champions? Hell yes! The beer is cheap and the people watching is fantastic. The people are so nice to talk to. It's within walking distance from me and it's right in downtown Gilbert.
4	Small local dive good for pool, darts, or cards. Don't plan on getting any food tho.
4	If you're in Gilbert and need a great place with great service and great prices, this is it.Seriously, I mean, THIS is it.  There aren't any other sports bars in Gilbert. Fortunately, this place is fantastic and the prices are VERY reasonable.  Pool, Darts, Patio and the occasional performance by Magic Mark make this saloon your "Must Stop Shop."
3	CAN YOU SAY DIVE BAR?   This a a great spot to go and sit at the bar and drink your sorrows away. Drinks are cheap, there is pool ($1.00 per game... wow). The place smells like smoke and occationaly is full of bikers. Its a place where you can go and just be you.
5	Great prices on the drinks, the service is awesome! We're here so much that they know our drinks before we sit down. I love this bar! Such a great find.
1	This place is just a dive...It is NOT a sports bar....Don't even bother going...It's awful..Let me also add, Saturday college football, and the 1 tv turned to golf...also, only 1 pool table..okay for a dive bar, understanding cheap drinks and all but, not a sports bar. Fun atmosphere for bikers and people that smoke weed. 2 girls smoking out back near the door...once again....not a sports bar....!!!
5	Best dive bar ever! The service is always great and the beer is cheap. I have a special place in my heart for their fried shrimp. I will keep coming back here to watch football, chat with the regulars, play some pool or darts & relax.
5	I have had a place in my heart for Champions since I first entered. Something about Champs makes it a great place to meet with old friends or make new ones. Bartenders are friendly and drinks are cheap. Dart boards, pool tables, megatouch, jukebox, foosball table...what else could you ever want.Ample smoking area out back and the bartenders always make a trip outside to bring drinks, which helps if you smoke. Sure the bathrooms aren't great but have you ever been to a bar (Buffalo Wild Wings doesn't count) that the bathroom is worthy of a hearty dump after a few customers?
5	This place was rad! The people there are totally cool and friendly. The bartender was super sweet, she had a handle on things being the only one working. Pool is a dollar a game and mixed drinks are $2.50. I ordered a beer and she asked if I wanted a big one- I of course said yes not realizing it was HUGE. Over all, cool place. Good atmosphere. I will definitely be going back! (after all there are no dive bars anywhere near me/in Gilbert)
1	We've been going to Champions to throw darts and hang out for many years. My son is in the Army and 20. When he's on leave, he comes with us and of course, drinks soda. Never had a problem.  Being asked to leave because he is under age on a Friday night is one thing and understandable,  but when asked if she would refund the $10 we had in the machine and the owners contact information, the manager refused and told us to get the "f out of her bar".  Wow, classless treatment by a classless woman. Our mistake for expecting better treatment by dive bar management. Thanks for not supporting our military, Champions. We will never be back!
3	I think Champions is the only real bar in Gilbert. It's worth a trip for the clientele along - moslyt the Bud Light vs Coors Light crowd. Lots of pool tables plus 6 or so dart boards. This isn't an upscale establishment ... but is a great place to go for a few cheap drinks in a friendly atmosphere.
4	My husband's and mine new favorite local dive bar .... only a $7.50 uber ride back home :) The place is dark, old, and just divey but awesome! Cheap drinks, tons of dart machines, foosball, and two pool tables ... plus bags/cornhole in the summer.  They have a nice big outdoor patio too.  The bar starts getting really busy around 8:30 to 9:30 pm on the weekends with a late 20's to late 30s crowd, which I was extremely surprised about.
