5	My water heater started leaking on the weekend, they showed up on time, I didn't have to pay a "service fee" for the estimate to replace my water heater and they didn't charge me extra just because it was Saturday.  The plumber was efficient, didn't leave a mess, very professional and the price was extremely reasonable.  I will not use anybody else in my home but 1800-Plumbing and would recommend them to all my friends and family.  Truly a great experience from the time I called to schedule to the time the plumber left.
5	After the company the home warranty sent out who brilliantly diagnosed it as a clogged sink with no clean out they charged me $75 to state the obvious and wouldn't fix it.  I put in a request through service magic (online referral service that I've always had good luck with) and had a call shortly there after from this company, looks like they also do business under Ram Pluming.  Problem fixed and no whining that there isn't a clean out, not sure what they did to fix it but issue resolved and warrantied.
5	1-800-plumbing is amazing. My husband and I are both Realtors and recommend them to all of our clients. They are quick and reliable. I only use them for our plumbing needs!
5	Quick, polite, the job was complete, and they were available on a holiday. Not much to say but thank you for helping to restore my household back to order.
5	I have had family and friends use them and wow...I have never heard people say such amazing things about a plumbing company. Honest; professional; and get the job done.
3	Nice people and seemed to be knowledgable but their pricing strategy was shifty. I had laundry list of issues. They provided price for each item and some were so minor they designated no charge. When I questioned $220 price to change 2 showerheads. Explanation was they needed to charge full price due to the other "freebies".As I cut out items on list due to expense, the plumber then upped price for remaining issues. The reasoning was I was getting special discounts that no longer applied as I whittled list down to fit my budget Bottom line. This was not explained in beginning and I lost all my trust. I think I was being taking advantage of.I ended up changing showerheads myself in less than 15 minutes. Very disturbing their price was $220 not to mention the constant price shifting during price discussions.Also the freebies, in my opinion were not freebies at all but a strategy on their part to make me think they were doing me side favors and i would be more inclined to accept other over inflated prices. Bad business guys, just be transparent with all work and stop the fancy pricing structures because it lost you my business.
