3	The Ronseal of Edinburght cafes, BBL does exactly what it says on the tin. The food is run by a couple of no nonsense ladies who specialise in good, stodgy, home-style food.Breakfasts range from hot-filled rolls to cereals, porridge and fry-ups. Lunches come in the form of the aformentioned hot rolls with a plethora of cold fillings, which in turn extend to their range of wraps, baked potatoes and salads. Furthermore they offer daily spcial main meals such as cheeseburgers, curries, mac 'n' cheese, and other such delights of that ilk. Brunch well, take your pick from the above!BBL is one of a few cafes focussing on pulling in the breakfast/lunch crowd. Within a 5 minute walk they face competition from the likes of Holyrood Cafe, Chapters at Holyrood and Dovecot. So what do they have in their arsenal?I suppose what sets BBL apart from their competitors is experience. The ladies in charge know how to cook a fry-up. They know how to fill a roll or a ladle up a curry for you. They know their clientele, ranging from students to office crowd to labourers. They get the lot, in more ways than one. Their prices are higher than say Holyrood Cafe, but they offer a better-looking end product.At the end of the day most of these cafes are punching in the same weight class, no one outdoing the other by any great stretch. But at the same time if any of these guys were a boxer they'd be middleweight.Worth a look, if only to make up your own mind.
5	Best sausage rolls you will ever eat!!  Great soups too.  The staff is amazing, friendly, and extremely helpful.  Love this place.  Don't pass up a chance if you are in Edinburgh to drop in, you will NOT be disappointed!!
3	I suspect I'm going to review this again at some point as I feel I haven't had the full bbl experience. My colleagues at the copy shop tell me that this place is the biz for a breakfast roll. I decided to try it out shunning my regular place (oh the guilt!) it turns out this place makes it's own Link and Lorne sausages! So I went for a double deviation and went for a Lorne over a black pudding. Soft juicy goodness, the guy behind the counter even let me try a link for free! The meat is well cooked here, no dried out chewy nonsense here. As for the flavour though I didn't really think it was an awful lot to shout about. I also returned here for lunch as their fillings looked and sounded appetising. I opted for a chicken fajita panini, and was a little underwhelmed by it. I've heard from Blythe via Cressi that the burgers here are top notch, and I ought to check the coffee too. So far so good though, just nothing too amazing either.
3	Well, as expected I returned to bbl to try out their burgers, and yes, it is some high quality minced beef. I'm still not giving this place a higher rating though. The burger came in a quite tough sesame bun, which had it been filled with something else I'd have praised for its tastiness but it was a bad match with the burger. A bit of me kind of feels that the extra mile these guys go on their meat products is a little ouch of place in the greasy spoon establishment. Maybe they just need to work to improves the general standard of things to match their high quality meats.
