5	My BMW had so many problems so I took it down there and they fixed everything in that car and now its running like brand new I highly recommend that place and their low cast.
5	First time Yelp reviewer...the service was that superb. Extremely knowledgeable and efficient staff. Very friendly. All around good people. The perfect local option.
5	I decided to give Royal Car Care a try after seeing an awesome deal for a package of oil changes on Groupon. I arrived and the garage and  waiting room was clean.  There is complimentary coffee and water available.  The owners, a husband and wife, were very pleasant, friendly, and knowledgeable.  Right away they begin working on my oil change at the time of my appointment.  This may sound normal but it has not been my experience at other garages. I was in and out in 45 minutes.  Quickest oil change I have ever had even compared to those drive through garages. They informed me about a recalled part on my vehicle and directed me to take my car back to the dealer for a free repair.  No up sale attempts! Another first for me and I am a woman. I'm so glad I have found a place I can have an oil change completed on my lunch break.  I would recommend this garage to my friends and family.  Well done.
5	I absolutely love this place. I have a 2003 Jetta, needless to say, I've had A LOT of problems. I've been to a lot of mechanics and I always feel like I'm getting screwed or the customer service is lacking. At royal car service, I feel like my car is in safe hands and a fair price. Amr and Audra are fantastic and really helped me out. I highly recommend this place to everyone.
5	Just got pack rat damage fixed. We had brought the vehicle to another place for a quote. The other place wanted an engine shampoo on top of an unnecessary fix. We visited Royal Car Care in Tempe today, and the service was fantastic, as was the price. They did a quick fix while we waited and the price was very reasonable! Seriously wonderful people. I highly recommend them. I'm going there for all future repairs!
5	Been here twice for an oil change, Amr is awesome, honest, and I will be back for a brake job.
