3	I have had very mixed experiences here.
5	Bicycle Vibe is my local bike store.  It is Main Street America at its finest.  I love how everyone says hi when I go in, I love how everyone cares about my rides and my bikes.  Kevin who does the fittings is second to none.  We have gotten the full package fitting and bike tune up  and we were very happy!  I schedule all my rides out of this store because of the great atmosphere, service, and of course the good coffee after a great ride!!!Join us at http://meetup.com/PhoenixRising to get plugged in to our scheduled rides.  We also publicize the Bicycle Vibes workshops too!
5	I will never go to another bike store as long as this one is within a 100-mile radius! I went into Bicycle Vibe the first time, a little bit intimidated. I have been to several other bike shops where it seemed the staff was on an ego trip. At other shops, I have often felt uncomfortable asking questions or even admitting I didn't know something. BV is SO not like that.Amber, the owner, is not only completely approachable, she's funny and warm and makes me feel like there's nothing I can't ask, or that's a dumb question. Kevin came out and actually installed my bike rack on my car (he had time - I wouldn't have asked if he was crazy busy, which he sometimes is), and Bob has taken tons of time to help me with route questions, and has really gone the extra mile to help out. There are some other really awesome and friendly staff members, too, and I apologize for not knowing their names, but I have never left BV feeling like I didn't get something fixed or answered, or that I made a bad purchase.I am so glad this business came to the north valley. We desperately needed a bike shop in our area, and not only did we get one, we got a fantastic one!
5	Bicycle Vibe is Awesome, They have great service and really know the products that they sell. Their super friendly staff will help you find exactly what you are looking for and if they do not carry it they can get it for you! I take all of my bicycles here for tune up and when I get them back they feel like brand new bikes! Keep it up Bicycle Vibe, You have a customer for life with me!!!!
3	Mixed feelings about this place. Most of the employees are great there but there is one mechanic that is very patronizing and and does a poor job. He couldn't adjust my front derailleur and disc brakes properly. I took it to another shop and got it all straighten out. I went there couple of times and stopped going there after giving them few chances. The other mechanics/sales people were very helpful and seemed very knowledgeable. The problem, every time I went there I ran in that same guy that I rather not deal with anymore.
5	Friendly people and great service. A welcome addition to our neighborhood!
5	Great clean shop; very knowledge with no pressure sales.  Went there to by tubes and tires, came out with a new bike.  Go see Kevin
2	Get the feeling this place is for "bike snobs" as we are casual cyclists and have had three experiences in store with unfriendly staff. bought a couple things but get the feeling we aren't serious enough cyclists to get the friendly treatment.
2	I have been here on a few occasions. I had positive feelings in the past, however the most recent experience has left me with a feeling of mistrust and not like a valued customer.My girlfriend and I both ride, and have purchased front and rear brakes for her bike as well as other various accessories from the shop. After about a year, the rear brake has gotten soft on her bike, and on mine as well. There is still a good amount of pad on them , but are really soft, so I wanted them bled. I do not have the tools to bleed them personally, hence my visit here. I was told they need new pads, and although I JUST put new pads on a few months back (metallic mind you), I was told by the shorter stockier mechanic that, "Some pads wear out in just one run back east." It is CLEAR they are not worn out, but they aren't brand new either. Now , I am no moron, and I have my own two eyes, but there is a good amount of pad on them. Furthermore, when demonstrating the stiffness in shifting on my front gears, he assertively states in a condescending tone "Don't do that. You will break things."Now, although he may be correct, there is no reason to talk down to me like that. I have never seen this guy before, and everyone else there has been much friendlier and approachable. Regardless of his intent, the staff should be appealing and charismatic, not stern and short (no pun intended). I opted out to having work done on my bike, but after the repairs are done on her bike I will be looking for a bike shop, and recommending my friends elsewhere.
5	I just got a Silver Tune Up from Trailhead. My bike rides better than new, thank you Kyle for your prompt and attentive service. I mentioned I was having an issue with my new clip on shoes, and he had me leave them as well. He adjusted them for me. This shop always has time to talk to you about any cycling questions. They make you feel like you are their only guest. So if you are looking for friendly service and or advice, I highly recommend Trailhead. Oh, and they make a great breakfast sandwich and coffee as well!
5	Bicycle Vibe is great. I came here to get a rim replaced and a tune up and the price was fair, great work, rewired my bike computer to look better for free and the coffee is good too. If you're in the north Phoenix area, there is no need to look elsewhere for your bicycle needs.
2	Bought a 3k bike here because they had my size. Took it bake for a " complimentary tune up" and they just seemed to not have any real interest in me. It was llike I was wasting their time. The techs do not provide much guidance and basically treat you like you really are bothering them. Sad, it is a nice shop.
2	The only vibe I get from this bicycle shop is a condescending, snobby, you're wasting my time bullshit vibe. Techs seem bothered when you ask for assistance or advice. I'm saving up for a new bike and trying to keep my old one in working order in the meantime but all I get from them is attitude. Sorry vibe but I'll be spending over 2k on a bike elsewhere.
2	Advice to owners of Bicycle Vibe. Get rid of the short, patronizing mechanic. He ran me off with his tone a couple of days ago, and looking at you page here this seems normal for him. I've had decent experiences here in the past, but after speaking with this guy for about a minute, I left and drove 20 miles further to Performance to buy a new angled stem. Yours would have been a better fit, cheaper, and much closer, but I would not buy from a person like that. I won't come back unless you fire him.
2	When the shop first opened I was ecstatic. FINALLY!  A bike shop in the neighborhood that I could ride to and take care of all of my biking needs. At first the staff seemed friendly and helpful.  My last two trips there proved otherwise. The mechanic was very rude and patronizing to me. Figuring I would give them a second chance I went back and bought a suspension pump from them. When it proved to be defective I returned it and the same mechanic so much as called me a liar.  Never again bicycle vibe. I WILL NEVER AGAIN PATRONIZE  YOUR STORE
4	I have gone into Bicycle Vibe several times and each time have left with either the right information or service that I needed or the equipment I was looking for.  The service guys here are especially knowledgeable about bikes and also have the right equipment to do pretty much anything requested.  I recently took new forks into them to remove the lower retainer bearing cup, and they only charged $8 dollars to remove and install on the new set of forks; and it only took about 10 minutes to complete.The bikes that they sell are all intended to provide riders with the right equipment rather than trying to pass off a cheep bicycle that will leave riders wanting to upgrade and spend more money.  This is definitely a local business that I will keep returning too and would recommend for family and friends.  I would rate this store as five stars, except for the fact that one time I went in to purchase a bike, the service lady rather than paying attention to my questions; was interested more in disciplining my four year old son.  Boys love bikes regardless of age and we all simply want to see how they work.
5	Made a mistake; no review
5	I've been here about 6 times and am very pleased. They seem knowledgable and are fair priced.
1	Bad Attitude - Well, that about sums it up. I moved out to the north valley in July of last year and thus far have spent $1900 at this shop. On two occasions I have had to deal with attitude from one of the bike mechanics there - big guy with the beard. I took my road bike in today to ask a question and the condescending mechanic only made fun of how old my bike is - yep, it's a vintage 2003 model. Not the best bike in the world but it has been a great ride for 11 years.  He also felt compelled to tell me "you really need a new bike but don't worry it won't make you any faster". Here's the kicker, I did a race last weekend and decided I was going to upgrade before my next one in September. Sorry Bicycle Vibe, I'll be taking the $4K I have for my new purchase elsewhere. Why do people have to talk down to others? Did that really make him feel better? Not only did he have a chance to make a great sell and win a customer, he had a chance to be nice to another human being. Does it really matter how old your bike is? It would be so cool to have a nice bike shop here up north, without the attitude.
1	I experienced horrible customer service!!!  The heavy set male just seems to hate life and definitely shows it by being very ignorant to their customers.  I would rather drive 3 hours out of my way than ever go back to this facility. All the other employees seem to be very nice, it's a shame that on every visit to this shop I got stuck with the most unpleasant individual. On a side note, All employees seem to be very knowledgeable.
2	I have tried to make this my local bike shop as I live close by.  But I will now travel to Sunday Bicycle Shop for service.  The one large mechanic in the back is a nob.  Couldn't get off his stool to help me out.  Seemed like too much work for him to get up and work.  I like the owner and wish her luck as long as he is working the wrenches, I will be going some place else.  What a shame as the north valley needs a good bike shop.  With him gone I would give five stars.
