4	Really well run program. The prices are VERY reasonable. The appointments take longer than they would at the regular dentist, but that's primarily because the student Dentist has to get sign offs from their instructors. In order to get into the program, they have to do a quick exam, to see if you fit the program, including an xray. If accepted, you do a two part exam, which is MUCH more thorough than at most dentists. Molds of your mouth, full xray, pictures. I felt really comfortable that they were really seeing everything going on in my mouth.
1	The wait for a walk in was 2 hours. I just came in for an x ray because my wisdom teeth were coming in.  I figured it was going to be a easy visit but then they talked me into extracting a tooth by saying it would only cost $93, I don't know there are complications so that will be $165. I figure what the hell I'm already here I already waited might as well go through with it... Bad idea. Keep in mind these are dental students not actual dentists, so they really are not that experienced especially when it came to the student that I had. So here's how it goes novacane my gums and go to town on my tooth for 45 minutes. The kid had to stop 3 times to take a breather and shake his arm out because it was getting tired , his assistant kept giving him looks like what are you doing man.  He kept, how do I put this, wiggling his clamps on my tooth to the point where they were clanging around my other teeth for 45 minutes, any kept losing grip of his tools as well. After all that misery the kid asks another student for help, she is literally in there for 2 minutes and my tooth is finally out thank god.  As it turned out that this procedure was a competency test for that student and the girl that helped him told him that he should say that he did not receive any help... so basically the kid cheated. So now its over and I go to pay and the kid tells me that oh yeah I forgot to tell you there is a consulting fee as well so that'll be another $40...fuck me so basically and $93 tooth extraction turns into a $200 tooth distraction plus $40 for the x ray. On top of that the painkillers I got were not strong enough I have to take double doses and  now I'm out of themThe moral of the story is go to a real dentist if you are planning something like getting your wisdom teeth taken out
1	I am devastated.  I am having to pay a dentist to salvage my teeth now. I had fillings needed and had been here multiple times for X rays and a few fillings.  The pain of the procedure required gas. So on my last visit, I had excruciating pain while the drilling occurred.  Since that day I've not been able to eat normally.  No heat or cool can come in to contact with my teeth. I can't chew due to pressure causing extreme pain. I went to an actual dentist and was told my tooth was ruined.  I need extensive repair. I and so devastated.  I may loose teeth due to this place.
1	DO NOT GO HERE! The school takes absolutely no responsibility if they damage your teeth. I wanted a simple tooth extraction, and they ended up cracking a different molar that merely needed a filling replaced. Now I need another tooth pulled. And the school wants to charge me over $300 to fix their own mistake. X-rays don't lie, never had the crack in my right molar until UNLV School of Dentistry. Too bad you sign a waiver before your first appointment. A lot of the students going here should not be dentists; they do not have steady hands and have absolutely no idea what they're doing. Good luck if you visit this place, you're going to need it.
1	Worst mistake of my life. I'd give it 0 stars if I could. These are the worst "students" ever. I'm sure I'd be more comfortable having a monkey work on my teeth.
3	I'm giving it 3 stars right now. I'll edit when this is over. I went to the dental clinic on the main UNLV campus last Tuesday because on Sunday I had fractured a tooth that I had had a root canal in more than three years ago. That experience was fine. The student I saw was professional and made me comfortable before doing anything. He thought he was going to be able to do what I asked and temporarily fix my tooth until I could see my personal dentist back home in July. However, he found that there was a bigger issue and immediately went to get the dentist to consult. It was determined that I would need to have the tooth extracted. I called my dentist to ask her opinion and the student was more than willing to speak to my dentist over the phone. After I agreed to have the tooth extracted, they were able to get me an appointment on the other side of town at the main Dental School campus because they were not equipped to do the extraction if it became oral surgery. When I arrived at the other location, I had to wait in line to check in and was told to head to the oral surgery office. The receptionist there wasn't the most friendly and basically ordered me to go to the cashier where I had to pay $130. Long story short, the extraction did turn into oral surgery and the student that was working on me needed to have his supervising dentist complete the procedure. I thought everything was fine after leaving the office. When the numbing stuff wore off, I wasn't in any major pain. The next day I was achy and felt bruised, but I had been warned that it would happen. However, it's not almost a week later and my gums still hurt and feel bruised. It's not any major pain, but it's uncomfortable and I am surprised that it's still occurring since I was told that it would only take a couple of days to subside. I have not been able to chew on that side of my mouth because I want to make sure that it no longer hurts before I do anything. I have plans to go to the dental clinic on campus again tomorrow or Tuesday to find out if something went wrong. It may be nothing, but I want to make sure. I will update this when it's all been resolved.
3	I did not finish posting this review because I wanted to make sure I had all my information before doing so. I went to the dental clinic on the main UNLV campus just about two weeks ago because on that Sunday I had fractured a tooth that I had had a root canal in more than three years ago. That experience was fine. The student I saw was professional and made me comfortable before doing anything. He thought he was going to be able to do what I asked and temporarily fix my tooth until I could see my personal dentist back home in July. However, he found that there was a bigger issue and immediately went to get the dentist to consult. It was determined that I would need to have the tooth extracted. I called my dentist to ask her opinion and the student was more than willing to speak to my dentist over the phone. After I agreed to have the tooth extracted, they were able to get me an appointment on the other side of town at the main Dental School campus because they were not equipped to do the extraction if it became oral surgery. When I arrived at the other location, I had to wait in line to check in and was told to head to the oral surgery office. The receptionist there wasn't the most friendly and basically ordered me to go to the cashier where I had to pay $130. Long story short, the extraction did turn into oral surgery and the student that was working on me needed to have his supervising dentist complete the procedure. I thought everything was fine after leaving the office. When the numbing stuff wore off, I wasn't in any major pain. The next day I was achy and felt bruised, but I had been warned that it would happen. However, over a week later my gums still hurt and feel bruised. It's not any major pain, but it's uncomfortable and I am surprised that it's still occurring since I was told that it would only take a couple of days to subside. I have not been able to chew on that side of my mouth because I want to make sure that it no longer hurts before I do anything. I went back in to follow up and make sure that everything was okay and was told that I should have been told it would take around 6 weeks for everything to feel "normal" again. That's when I was told to flush out the new hole in my gum with salt water. Although I'm fairly happy with the procedure and the cost (for both the initial exam and the extraction it was around $120) I think the students need to learn to give more information after the procedure and also not give false hope on how fast healing would be. But it was definitely easier and faster to get in to see someone here than at a regular dental office, especially if you're not a Las Vegas local with your own dentist here.
5	I have been going to the dental school for the last several months. My care has always been great. The students and faculty are always professional. The offices are clean, the wait is short. I can't say enough good about it. I would definitely recommend it too anyone needing dental care at a affordable price. Often times they finish the appointment in a very short time. Dr. Rips, a facility adviser is wonderful, very caring.
