5	What a friendly place! We were welcomed by a guy with a big wide smile sitting out front on what looked to be a comfortable bench.  In front of the bench was a bowlful of water for doggie friends to enjoy...dogs - at least on the sidewalk - are welcome friends as well. We entered the bar to a big smile and a "what can I get ya?" from Rich, our bartender. Whoa...I know Pittsburgh is a friendly place, but apparently I've been missing out on the Lawrenceville vibe. Jarrett clued me in to the copper mugs he espied behind the bar here thinking perhaps they make Moscow Mules. Thanks, Jarrett! They do indeed. And a very good version indeed. I could picture spending some warm summer evenings here with frosty copper mugs filled to the brim with the amazingly refreshing concoction. The hubby enjoyed his very first East End brew and it will NOT be his last! An East End Brewery trip will be forthcoming with some friends! We looked over the bar menu - it looked good! We will go back for dinner one evening very soon because the food we saw going to the tables and the plates at the bar were very tempting. Wish we hadn't had dinner so soon before our visit. Comfortable, friendly, great bar atmosphere at the hands of the very capable and outgoing Rich.  All in all an evening to be repeated. Frequently.
5	Update!  Already!  A & A starts serving a Sunday champagne brunch THIS Sunday, July 10th....can't wait!
5	Linda W speaks the truth!  Friendly faces greet you as you walk in the door.  First sign of a good business.  Second sign of a good business.  Good food and drink!  I received both tonight.  Cha ching!I asked our new BFF, Bartender Rich, what his favorite dish was.  "Everything" was the answer.  You've been trained well, Rich.  I finally got it out of him that he REALLY dug the Shepard's Pie.  I'm not one to go for that choice, but I figured, let's through caution to the wind!I guess from not having a Shepard's Pie that much I figured it would be like a Stouffer's chicken pot pie out of the fridge.  Don't hold it against me, I didn't know!  What I received was a hearty bowl full of rich short rib meat, carrots and the most delectable topping of potato's I've ever tasted.  I scrapped that top clean like it was my job!  It was really incredible!  It really would have been big enough to share between two people.  But if I was sharing with you, I would have stolen the potato topping, so beware!The atmosphere is really cozy, with all wooden furniture and bar.  I like places that have a nice sectioned off dinning area to sit down and enjoy a meal.  Then you cross over to the bar side and can grab a drink with friends and maybe drop it down low if you need to dance it out!I checked on their FB page and it says they'll be having a DJ Friday and Saturday night, which I think would add that great dance party mix to the place.  But my fav news is they'll be serving a Sunday Champagne brunch.  Who doesn't love a good Sunday brunch....or champagne!?  I'll be back to indulge in both!
4	firstly, this place has a great vibe -- cool exposed ductwork & brick, reclaimed wood behind the bar, and a clean separation between the bar & main dining area.secondly, the staff was super-helpful and nice.  richie was totally spot-on behind the bar and made it a point to introduce himself to us, show us the menus (even though we weren't eating and just wanted to creep on it), and explain the drinks to us.thirdly, the joint carries both local & other domestic quality beers on-tap (bell's, east end brewery).  and, the moscow mule?!  goddamn delicious.  comes in one of five frigid copper cups (richie told us these are $30/piece -- so, if you're gonna drink one of these at the bar, they want either your CC or driver's license so they don't disappear), tastes like ginger, and is full of delicious booze with no taste of it!!!can't wait to go back and try the food, including both styles of beets (is that weird?!)...and hopefully give the fifth star!
5	Update Number Two.Another rave review!I have a hunchyou might just love the brunch!I love this place.  No apologies (well, except for the lame poetry (?) above). It might sound like I'm an A & A cheerleader, but the cheers are well-deserved.  Oh, the brunch!  It was everything I'd hoped it would be!Let's start at the beginning.  The hub, the kid and I were seated at the sunny table in the window overlooking the goings on outside.  Immediately Brittany came and took our drink order.  The pre fixe menu was $20 INCLUDING a choice of a mimosa, sangria or a bloody Mary.  Helllooooo...you know my choice!  And apparently the bloody Mary fixation runs in the family...make that three, please.  While we looked over the menu, Britaney brought us a basket of pastries including croissants and sweet rolls and a plate with housemade blackberry jalapeno jam and a lovely fresh strawberry jam.  Butter, too, of course.  I tasted the jams, delightful.  My fave was the blackberry jalapeno.  Let's see....the choices were (as I recall) a frittata with potatoes and choice of bacon or sausage, drunken stuffed French toast with the same sides, housemade lemongrass ginger granola, pork belly with redeye gravy , poached eggs and those same crispy potatoes, bloody Mary crab and shrimp ceviche, espresso cured salmon and country fried chicken and biscuits with white gravy and a side of spinach.  You'd guess I got the bloody Mary ceviche and you'd be....wrong.  I can't resist the pork belly.This pork belly was one very lean piggy belly!  More like a crispy pork roast than the bellies I've had in the past.  Oh, before I go on anymore about the food, let me tell you about Patrick, the chef.  Having advised our waitress about my gluten issue, she came back to tell me Patrick would do the pork belly for me without the redeye gravy and make potatoes that hadn't been fried in the same oil as breaded items.  Now THAT'S a chef I can love.  He understands not only WHAT gluten-free issues are, he cares!  Thanks, Patrick...mmmwaahhh!  Okay, back to the food.  The pork belly, eggs and potatoes melted together into a dish I swooned over.  I can only imagine what it would have been with the redeye gravy.  Mmmmm.The hubster had the French toast.  Browned and beautiful, he enjoyed it very much - but raved over the sausage!  I don't know if the sausage is housemade or not, but it isn't Bob Evans!  Yum.The kid had the frittata with bacon and potatoes.  She loved it.  She loved Alchemy and Ale.  She loved the vibe.  She lives in Cleveland which has, probably, the best array of Sunday brunch spots anywhere - so impressing the kid is no easy task.I forgot to tell you about the bloody Mary.  THE BEST in Pittsburgh because  A & A has the BEST bartenders in Pittsburgh.  Richie was working and crafted those beautiful red libations with some mad btending skills!Not only was the inaugural Sunday brunch at Alchemy and Ale a success, it was a bargain.  We'll be back.  I can't wait.
2	Alchemy N' Ale could be a great restaurant. The space is nice, the menu is full of hearty food that will appeal to most Pittsburghers (pork belly, interesting burgers, fried chicken dinners, and Shepard's pie), and they have great beers in bottles and on tap. Right now, however, they're still working out the mechanics. It seems like the owner is trying to run a restaurant by staffing it with friendly people who haven't had a lot of experience in the food industry. The bartenders had to look up how to make an Old Fashioned and a Manhattan. Our waitress brought out a huge cheese plate with four pieces of bread (and cheeses she couldn't identify). Then she dropped off a stack of dishes, pile of silverware, and paper towels for us to pass around the table. She didn't know which wines they had. Half of our party's food was cold because the kitchen didn't time out the prep so they would all be done at once. This would all be normal if you were BBQ'ing in a friend's backyard, but would be kind of surprising even at a dinner party. I will wait 2-3 months to let them work out the snags before trying it again.
5	Alchemy N' Ale is just what "The Other" Lawrenceville needs. Butler St is hot, and the trend is rapidly spreading from LOLA on up. We have been 6 or 7 times since opening night, and have always had an awesome experience. The owner, Dave, is really friendly and actually lives in the neighborhood (props for community commitment). He has staffed his restaurant/bar with very personable and engaging employees, who welcome and remember you.  The atmosphere is relaxed and comfortable, perfect for happy hour or an impromptu bite.    I have to say that we were pleasantly surprised by how delicious the food is...as a constant dieter, I'll admit to being overly familiar with the house salad; but A N' A's salad is something to be remembered. Fresh and local, with house made tortilla strips decorating the top and a lite, summery herb dressing to finish. The bite of my boyfs burger that I tried was deliciousssss too, and their fries with the port gravy superb.      We did brunch once so far and will definitely do it again- the cornflake-crusted french toast was killer, the complimentary mimosa refreshing.     Only thing I'd say needs work is the lighting at the corner end of the bar, as it seems there isn't any. But really, NBD. Overall, this place is great.  Endearing plus, there is a water bowl for dogs out front.      Check it out, I'll bet you'll dig it.
1	I recently moved to Pittsburgh from NY and have been missing the food culture there and I was very excited to read that the chef formerly worked in NY. The gastropub menu at Alchemy N'Ale was enticing, especially the grass-fed beef burgers, something that can be hard to find at a local bar in Pittsburgh, so last week, we set out for a late dinner at what we were hoping would be our new neighborhood spot.When we arrived at Alchemy N'Ale, there were 2 people behind the bar and maybe 7 people sitting around the bar. It was not busy. We sat with anticipation, ready to spend money, ready to see the menu, order some beer and some food, but our menus never came. In fact, neither did a greeting or simple acknowledgment from anyone working there. We sat there for nearly 15 minutes (what feels like an eternity on a slow night) before deciding to leave sadly, in utter disappointment. I am stoked about being in Pittsburgh. As it turns out, I also love to drink and eat delicious food and have worked in the food and wine industry for a long time. Pittsburgh is such a great place to start a business and with a little love and effort, it could easily rival restaurants in NY. This is why I am so disappointed to see a place that HAS so much potential, fall flat on such an EASY and crucial element: Hospitality. You'd think a new establishment in a new market would be enthusiastic to greet some of their first potential regulars. On the contrary, we felt like unwelcome guests entering a stranger's home. At times, we observed 3 people behind the bar (plus 2 floor servers), the lead bartender being obvious to us and often within arm's reach. To add salt to the wound, it seemed as though manager/owner was present at the bar just a few stools beside us. Not once did any of the 5 staff members make eye contact with us. A very simple 'Hello, I'll be with you in a few minutes' would have made all the difference.We continued to wait considering the newness of the place. Maybe they were working out some kinks, I thought. And as we sat there waiting, we watched as the bartender downed a shot with a group of men at the other end of the bar. Outrageous. I'm not against a laid back, drink-on-the-clock bar style, but a good bartender knows how to multitask and should at least greet people who are sitting there before he puts one back.   Instead, he avoided all eye contact and neglected those eager to engage. He apparently had no interest in putting more money in his pocket. We left without even a beverage to quench our thirst on a hot summer night. I don't like to write negative reviews on yelp and maybe there were circumstances that I was unaware of, who knows. Before I decided to share my experience publicly, I sent Alchemy N'Ale a personal review similar to this one, and heard no response. I sincerely just hope they will read this and try to improve. It's a shame that I wasn't even given the opportunity to review the real nitty gritty: the food and beverages. Maybe I can convince myself that it is worth going back and trying again. I really wanted to love them.
2	While the staff was friendly and the service very good, the prices seemed steep for what we ate.  The lobster roll was very small in proportion to others I've eaten around the city, and overwhelmed by the massive fries!! Crab perogies were a good portion, but bland.  Beer selection was great, and ambiance was cozy...very warm inside that day...felt sorry for our waitress.
3	Alchemy & ale is a great addition to upper Lawrenceville (is that what we're calling that area?) and a dramatic improvement over the previous Geno's. Bartender and host (manager?) were extremely helpful and attentive. Waitstaff were a little confused - but tried their best. We tried a number of dishes, most were fine to good -but we were left feeling most of the food was missing something. The fries with Truffle gravy were great, I would have drank the gravy if I could have. Lobster deviled eggs and lobster roll were OK. But unremarkable ... and those are two dishes if you're going to serve - should be rock stars. Mussels were good and would order again. I can't remember what else we had at the table - but that's a testament to it's unremarkableness. High hopes for this place as the menu continues to tweak and adapt. I think the format is great and will go back - just not running back yet.
4	I had a great time at Alchemy N'Ale!What we tried:Alchemy Fries (sort of the steak fry variety with good flavor, not my favorite but that's because I prefer thin fries.  Definitely a stellar version of the steak fry!)Broccoli (this was great and the home made cheese crisps tasted like upscale cheetos which may not sound great to everyone, but I loved it!)Pork Belly Entree (definitely good if you are sharing because it can be very heavy, but delicious)Shrimp Boil (another great entree to share, and there was definitely a lot of food here!  The sauces that accompanied were delicious especially the bloody mary cocktail sauce!)Overall the food was solid, nothing very new or innovative but solid gastropub fair that made me want to come back and try more!Also the Moscow Mule is TO DIE FOR! It is the perfect cocktail ice cold and not too sweet.
4	Love the concept and long over due in P-Town!This one should be broken out:5 star - the idea5 star - the beer2 star - the fancy food4 star - the burgers and the likeBUT I bet they start doing their seafood and such better.  I'm always so excited about a lobster roll, but meh, I'd not order the ANA one again.So get a burger, and a beer!
4	I'm particularly excited about a new establishment in this end of Lawrenceville since I live in the area.  I've been to Alchemy N Ale multiple times for drinking, once for brunch, and tried my first pierogi since coming to Pittsburgh.  I have not dined in the dining room so cannot speak for the servers, but the male bartenders and owner are fantastic-really fantastic.I cannot compare pierogi's since they were my first, but I thought they were tasty enough.  I've heard great things about the salad and can't wait to try it.  The brunch was fantastic.  I had the yogurt (greek), granola (with candied ginger) and fruit.  Way too much granola, but it was delicious.The Moscow mule is very good and the copper cup it comes in is a nice subtlety.  I do wish they had a drink menu and more liquor to choose from.  For example, they don't have any brandy or cognac to make a sidecar-which I think is a basic drink.  I'd like to see a menu with specialty drinks (and listed prices!!), mostly because I never know what to order or much about cocktails, and it's easier to pick one off a list.  And I want to know what it costs before I order it-sorry, I hate when bars don't list prices.I will be back many times, and sit at the bar.  It's nicely decorated (the lighting is a bit odd), usually aptly busy without too much ridiculousness, and there's ample street parking.  And I like that I can be dressed up with heels.  Be sure to check it out at least once.
4	After seeing the numerous reviews for A N' A I HAD to give it a try! It was a pleasant Friday August evening, and luckily the rain stayed away since Darren and I had to wait outside for nearly an hour before a table opened up. The owner (?) of the establishment did keep checking on us and gave updates on how much longer he thought we'd have to wait. There is a menu posted outside the restaurant doors and we had plenty of time to mull it over. Once seated we were happy to already have our mind made up as to what we wanted to eat and wasted no time giving the server our order. We started with the Steak Tartare: "fresh, chopped rare seared fillet, pickled shallot, mustard creme fraiche, garlic brioche toast". This is a first for me so I do not have anything to compare it to, but did enjoy it greatly. Just not sure it was worth $14.00. I then proceeded to order the Crab Pierogies. Lump crab meat, bacon, fresh corn, old bay grilled onions, sour cream. These were rather good as well! I didn't want to run out of the delicious crab stuffed dough pockets but alas I did! I also ordered a Moscow Mule, as I saw it mentioned in other reviews and was very curious. Ginger beer never tasted so good! Served in a copper mug! What with the price of copper I teased that I was going to take the mug home. Darren, who isn't much for booze, even enjoyed this drink! Reminding me a bit of ginger ale (YUM!). There was no air conditioning and we both were sweating in the tight crowded dinning room before we even got our entree. The trendy crowd was loud and in no rush to leave A n' A. I passed the time singing along with the 80's pop tunes blaring from the speakers. "Set me free why don't you babe. Get outta my life why don't you babe..." Gotta love Kim Wilde. Good times! Be warned though, it is a little pricey.
5	I just want to share about what an amazing brunch I had here on Sunday!  If you've got good french toast, you're most likely going to win me over.  But with the name Drunken Stuffed French Toast, I may just be in love!The french toast is filled with lemon ricotta and bourbon spiked peach compote.  They were everything you'd want them to be and more.  Crispy on the outside, creamy dreamy deliciousness on the inside!  It comes with eggs your way and sausage or bacon.  Another mega plus....it's a Champagne brunch, YES!  You can also get a Bloody Mary....but I'm a fan of the Champage, so this was a no brainer for me!Did I mention they also serve up some delectable pastries and fresh jam to nosh on before your food comes out.  I am ALL ABOUT the complimentary bread baskets.  Slap down 20 bucks and you're good to go for the rest of the day because believe me, you'll be stuffed!
4	Met friends there.  Bartender and wait staff were knowledgeable and provided good advice.  The decor in the dining area was nice--it's a small bar but it doesn't feel that way when you are there.  Good beer selection.We had the pork belly which was very good.  My friends had the fried chicken and the hamburger, both of which looked excellent.
2	My girlfriend, her mother, and I went all out at ANA due to all the rants and raves on here about it. Could we get a refund possibly due to bad reviews? We had a banquet of food as well...mussels for an appetizer ..this was a good dish. Got the "frites"...uh, whats the big deal and idea? wendys has better fries. I guess the truffle oil was a plus but still. We ordered the lobster roll...is it supposed to be cold warm and hot all at once? It was very small and rubbery and overpriced! 18 dollars for average doesnt suit me well. Shepard's was pretty good but Ive had way better before. The crab pierogies...psshhh, dont even consider getting these tasteless bits of nothingness....didnt even taste like crab. My girlfriends crabs are tastier. hmmm, what else did we get....oh ya, the pork belly...it was also overrated...very greasy, ya i know its fat, but it tasted like oil too much. They had 90 min IPA on draft and our waitress was cute. So all in all, this place was just okay.
2	My friend and I bought the Groupon for it when it was available and were both pumped to eat there.  Unfortunately, I think A n' A still have some work to do to.First, the positives:  1.  The space on the inside and outside was beautiful.  Love the decor.  Stylish and comfortable.2.  The bar is definitely on point.  Fantastic beer selections, friendly bartender.  A little expensive but nothing unheard of for the area.  My friend got a rum and coke, which I think was $7, but it was so strong it was definitely worth it.  My fiance and I both got Dogfish Head 90 Minute IPAs, one of our favorites, and they were both $7, which for a beer with 9% ABV isn't out of this world.  3.  The wait staff is extremely friendly and attentive, even when busy.  There was some confusion initially when we walked in about seating, so maybe they should have a clearer "check in" area.  Overall pleased with the service, especially for a new establishment.Unfortunately there are important areas that are negatives for our A n' A experience.1.  I don't want to be rude, but there was an odd stench throughout the entire restaurant.  There were people eating mussels, but this was not a fresh seafood smell.  This was more of a garbagey/pet store smell.  All four of us smelled it, but maybe it didn't bother others as much as it did us.2.  The food was just OK.  My fiance got the pierogies, which at $16 you would assume be enough food for an entree.  What it consisted of was about 8 small pierogies with corn and bacon tossed on top.  He said it was OK, but he was still hungry.  These would be a much better appetizer.  Me and my friend both got the house salad, and I had chicken added to mine.  These were good salads with decent dressings, my only minor complaint is that there were way too many olives and way too little cheese.  Another friend got the Alchemy Fries and said they were good and they gave him a ton of them.3.  There was no 3G in the restaurant and there was no Wifi available.  Minor complaint, but noticeable since this is becoming common place for trendy new restauants.For what I was expecting, Alchemy n' Ale was a disappointment.  For the prices and space, the food should be much, much better.  The comparable restaurants in the L-Ville area offer so much better quality food for less.  The menu seems kind of random and all over the place, so maybe they haven't found their identity yet.  I did see a plate of mac n' cheese go by that looked great, so maybe I'll give it another try.  This place has promise, so I hope it improves so we have another fantastic place to go to in L-Ville.
2	We went in today for Brunch.  Without a reservation, we were concerned about a wait.  But getting a table was no worry.  We were greeted right away by Brittany.  BJ got his favorite Bloody Mary and I got a Mimosa.  My drink was one of the best I have ever had.  We also loved the pastry basket.  My fav was the cute little sweet roll covered with almonds.  So good.  The spicy jams were also a very nice touch.  BJ had a difficult time with his choice, but ended up picking the Chicken and Biscuits.  I was anxious to try that much Yelped about Drunken Stuffed French Toast.   I have to say, I was very disappointed.  I did not like it at all.  Not good.  Didn't like the combination of flavors, didn't like the crispy crap it was dunked in.  I couldn't even eat more than two bits.   I believe that even if I was the drunken one, I still would not have liked it.  Also, my eggs tasted weird.  The sausage was the only edible thing on my plate and even it was a bit hard and not moist at all.  Strange.  BJ's meal on the other hand, was good.  He finished up every bite.  I even had a couple.  The chicken was good and so were his potatoes. The best part of our meal were the drinks and the service.  So, we are still on the search for the perfect brunch.  Boy, we didn't find it here!
4	It was a ceviche kinda Sunday in Lawrenceville...Following an exhausting morning on the rivers courtesy of Kayak Pittsburgh, myself and a friend headed to L'Ville to sample brunch at Pittsburgh's newest gastropub.  Gastropubs in general make me giggle.  They sound kinda silly, but who doesn't like to dress up in their finest hipster attire and pay too much for too little?  WRONG - not the case with Alchemy (and possibly any other gastropub, given I've never been to any others...).  The decor is relaxing and oozes exposed-brick charm.  Since it was brunch-time, we were given the brunch menu, which was ripe with delectable options ranging from french toast to pork belly.  Before our meals arrived, we were treated to a basket of pastries, including croissants, danish, etc..  Honestly, they were slightly Costco-ish, but I like Costco, so no complaints.  Brunch is served with choice of sangria, mimosa or bloody mary - and might I say my drink was, hands-down, the best damn bloody mary I've EVER had.  My guest ordered the sangria, which seemed a little underwhelming, but on to the food...I ordered the Shrimp & Crab Ceviche, while my friend ordered the much-raved about Drunken French Toast.  I ADORE ceviche, and this dish was no exception.  The right-sized bowl of shrimp & crab could've done with slightly fewer onions and more crab, but in general it was absolutely delicious.  The shrimp was plump and fresh and I quickly gobbled up every last bite.  Surprisingly, it was the complement of fried potatoes that really did it for me.  I try to stay away from potatoes, as they are my undeniable weakness, but on this rainy Sunday, I couldn't say no.  And I have zero regrets.  They were fried to perfection, with just the right amount of seasoning.  In addition to the potatoes, my dish included plantain chips.  Sweet and a little gooey, these chips were very satisfying and I'm certain I could eat an entire platter alone.  I also had the chance to sample my friend's drunken french toast and it as DELICIOUS as it was pretty.  Final thoughts: no air-conditioning, so if it's hot - forget it; very few tables, so if it's busy get ready to wait; the wait and the $20 you'll spend will be worth it to enjoy a unique brunch in this unique little place.
5	This place is great.  I had brunch here with a few of my girlfriends on a Sunday.  We started our brunch with some great drinks: mamosa's, sangria, and bloody mary's.  The sangria was one of the best I have ever had.We were seated at a charming table that was meant for a king & queen.  The large seats and table were all made of wood and went perfectly with teh brick walls.We were treated with delicious pastries while looking at our brunch menus.  You could tell the pastries were fresh and there were a variety of them.The menu for brunch had a variety of delicious items such as drunken french toast, chicken and biscuits, crab & shrimp ceviche, and fruit and yogurt.  The food was delicious and served timely.  The group ordered a variety of things with the drunken french toast as the most popular item.  Everyone seem to enjoy their food.The service was great and the people were very friendly.  The bartenders and waitresses seemed to love what they did and created a laid back atmosphere.One item to note is that there is no air conditioning.  It was warm on the day I went and the room was not uncomfortable but it could be if the place was packed.I would reccomend the brunch to anyone.  It is completely worth the $20 for the food, friendly service, and decor.
2	We went for a late night (10 pm) snack and a drink expecting a great time based on all the brunch reviews. It's likely a different show being run... or we're just snobs.In order of things that happened, where our disappointment looks like a bell curve, skewing left and then spiking on the right tail:They're in the process of revising their menu, which is fine - this happens at good restaurants. Except that the current menu was extremely confusing because items were crossed off and items were starred and it turned out that both meant that they weren't available. Our waitress was suspiciously enthusiastic about the secret new menu items on her notepad. Fine.We found out that their french fries with truffle gravy have veal. Beef stock, I would have considered okay and got it on the side for my vegetarian husband's sake. Veal is not fine with me, so we changed our order to scallops and a cheese plate.Alchemy N' Ale is mostly about the ale, but we're known to be cocktail hobbyists/writers/reviewers and went for their specialty: the Moscow Mule which was explained to us with the baffling inclusion of SOURS MIX. We got it anyway, being optimistic. It came with fresh mint in the standard copper (colored, at least) cup, as do many of their other drinks - but for $9 each it had barely any vodka in it. Not at all fine.The cheese plate ($10) arrived with 3 cheese and 3 accompanying condiments. I cannot be 100% certain but we immediately noticed that 2 of the 3 as cheeses bore a striking resemblance we had bought at Trader Joe's recently. Not just like "all cheddars look the same" but these were the specialty cheeses they make. Odd but fine, I guess, they were good enough and came with grilled bread.The scallops, which weren't on the menu, were cooked perfectly and came in a great creamy polenta. We got the bacon on the side and quite honestly it was nothing special (like normal, hard, crispy diner bacon). I had to snap the two strips up and put them over the delicious scallops. We didn't know how much it would be, but we're only half-shocked to find on our bill that the 3 large pan-seared scallops were $22. I can live with that. It added a star to my final rating.While waiting a long time for the waitress to get back to us, and give us the check and then process our cards, we had time to ponder the music selection. This is when we noticed that we had been listening to music that is typical of a bar mitzvah - Everybody Dance Now, You Turn Me Right Round, and other really dated selections with volume adjustment problems from the "DJ" who just couldn't get the right level to get the party going to Abracadabra. The whole atmosphere was just... off.Final verdict: brunch is probably great, but other than that if you're looking for a GOOD cocktail and food worth the sticker shock please do yourself a favor and just go to Meat & Potatoes.And just to drive this home, as it is the most important thing to me:What they serve here is NOT, I repeat NOT, a real, proper, or good Moscow Mule. They are doing it so wrong. Moscow Mules have vodka (a lot of vodka, not a big splash), real ginger beer, and lime juice. Not sours mix.
3	Interesting restaurant.  Limited menu.  I assume the menu will grow as this place finds its way.  We had the cheese plate(ok), beets(very good), mussels(very good), iceberg sald(big and good).  Pretty good beer selection.  The music was defintely off.  I am sure this will change as well.  The brunch menu looked very good.  I'll go back sometime to see what changes have been made.
1	For those that may not have time to read the entire review. The food is ghastly, the service is horrid- avoid this place like the plague.I don't like to write negative reviews. However, it is what it is. The only thing positive I can say about this place is the decor is pleasant, albeit the size of the dinning area is extremely small. My husband and I actually eat here 2 months ago. I had hoped once time passed, I could be more fair about the experience as I was completely aghast after dining here.  I sincerely hope the owner(s) of this place will try to improve the establishment. In restaurants, as in life, you need to be humbly enough to learn from your critics. Else, I would be very surprised if this restaurant will be here even 24 months from now.When I first heard about this place I was very excited to check it out. What especially caught my attention were the statements that this establishment would have organic beer. However, when we arrived they actually did not yet have organic beer yet. Bummer. They should not be telling people they do, if they do not.  Let down number 1 of many. My husband ordered mushroom soup. It was bland, cold, and the mushrooms hardly looked like the "wild" mushrooms their menu purported them to be. It does not take a genius to figure out the difference between wild and mushroom farm mushrooms. We were speaking about this quietly amongst ourselves when our waitress interrupted us and said she would get a manager. It was a little creepy that our waitress was spying on our conversation but we let it go and waited to see what the manager said. The male that arrived to our table, calling himself the manager was abrasive and rude. Instead of apologizing for the bland, boring, cold soup that was served, he was defensive and the first words out of his mouth were "I hear you don't like my mushrooms" followed by a self-righteous snort.  The soup was taken off our bill, which would have left us satisfied enough to not mention a negative word about it- but with a creepy wait staff and buffoon for a manager one must share this experience so that would-be diners won't waste their money on this place. The food is terrible and bland while the staff are arrogant and dim-witted.I ordered the mussels as an appetizer. It was awful. They were dirty- no one bothered to clean them properly and half of them were completely closed. How does a restaurant serve such a thing? It is a wonder they have not killed anyone. I was honestly so put off at this point I almost canceled our dinner. And I should have.My husband had the greasy, bland Shepard's pie. Which does not make sense to me. If they are using fresh ingredients how can they screw up such a simple dish? Has no one told the kitchen staff that salt and pepper are used to season food? Mind boggling, really.I ordered the A n A burger. It was overcooked and a under-seasoned greasy mess.  One would think with amazing burger establishments nearby such as Burgatory and BRGR - if you dare to serve a burger it should be AT LEAST as good as the competition.We were excited to finally get the check so we could get out of there. The manager was right outside the door, smoking about 1 foot from their front door.  Not that I expected much less.
4	What a gem in L-ville! The staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  Definitely enjoyed the ambiance created by the exposed brick walls and the bare wooden tables & chairs. Did I mention they have at least 5 different pumpkin beers available this fall? Quite divine served with a maple brown sugar rimmed pint glass. Salt-roasted Beets as an appetizer with creme fraiche- delicious! I kept stealing bites of my husband's Shepherd's Pie also... so good.
1	SERIOUSLY ew.  Rude and inappropriate.
3	The hubby and I stopped by Saturday night for a quick bite and something has changed here.  The lovely Brit was still there waiting tables with as big a smile as ever, but she was tending bar as well.  Hmmm.  Where's Richie?  Oh, he and another bartender are gone and now working the bar at Static in The Strip.  The amazing Brit and another waitress handled the bar AND the floor all by themselves and did it well, I might add.  So there was some lag time - to be expected when the joint is so understaffed.  But why?I had the scallops atop a delicious polenta, crowned by 2 big slices of bacon.  No veggies.  The polenta was cold, good, but cold.  Three out of the four scallops were sweet and beautifully caramelized.  The 4th was browned well, too, but was just this side of being bad - I pushed that one aside.  Why 2 whole slices of bacon?  I love bacon, but it wasn't a Devonshire...perhaps if the bacon had been crumbled and scattered over the tops of the scallops?  And why no veg?  Had I been aware of that fact, I would have been happy to order a side veggie or a salad. Even a green garnish would have helped the all beige plate!The hubster had the fried chicken.  Meh.  Boneless chicken does not qualify as fried chicken.  It lacks the depth of flavor and dries out without the bones!  He was underwhelmed.  Again, no veg.  And no bread basket either.  ???????The Moscow Mule, as usual, was superb.What's going on A & A?  Staffing problems, food quality missing the mark, empty tables and spots at the bar are not looking good.  Oh...and please hand out fresh, clean, unrumpled menus....the ones handed to us looked waaayyy past their prime and set a bad tone.  Print up new ones and, if you have to, laminate them and wipe them off occasionally to keep them clean, please.
2	On paper, I really like what Alchemy 'n' Ale is trying to do here.  But in practice, and I really hate to say it, a lot of things fell apart.So I got a Groupon for this place when it first opened, and I was super excited about it.  Got a little nervous as I noticed more and more mediocre reviews, but we went in for dinner on Friday with an open mind.  Easy parking across the street, easy to get a table.  Our server strolled by to describe the drafts and give us the bottle list.  I got a draft of Michigan Pumpkin Spiced Ale, which I didn't like very much but that's my fault for not tasting it.  Strong spice flavors, like cinnamon and cloves, and there was a sugary rim around the glass which I didn't care for.  Oops!  I'll taste it next time.So we drool over the menus before ordering an appetizer of Salt-Roasted Beets.  And let me say - I really need to rake them over the coals for this one.  This dish is described thusly: "Chilled, creme fraiche, peppered greens, pickled grapefruit, chives, lemon oil."  In reality?  Someone roasted a beet.  Then it got cooled down and cut into random size wedges.  Someone put the wedges in some salty-watery liquid, then put them on a plate next to some arugula.  No.  No.  Nothing about this was $8.  The beets had this sort of filmyness on them from the liquid that was really unappetizing.  Nowhere did I get "pickled grapefruit, chives, lemon oil."  or creme fraiche for that matter!  I mean, really.  This was ridiculous.  And I love beets!  It's hard to get me to NOT enjoy beets!  But somehow, they succeeded.So we awaited our dinner, somewhat nervously.  So my boyfriend's "A 'n' A" burger arrives - that's a burger with blue cheese, caramelized onions, port glaze, and probably some other stuff.  We are told my food is coming shortly.  At LEAST five minutes go by, no sign of my food.  My boyfriend shares his fries with me until we finally decide to just start eating his burger.  When I took my bite, I took a look to see if it was properly cooked medium-rare.  What I saw on the inside was, frankly, uncooked meat.  I am sure of this.  I'm not being picky.  The texture was different - it was the texture of raw beef.  Like a patty that hadn't been thrown on the grill yet.  No.  We stopped a server to mention both that my food didn't yet exist, and that my boyfriend's food was basically not finished cooking.  The server took it back, and a few minutes later came back to apologize, saying both she and the chef totally agreed that this burger was not currently in a state of being edible.  She said, "can I get you a drink on the house?  Or a shot?"  We said yes, and as she went off to get the shots I thought to myself that I'd rather have been offered, you know, a free burger.  Or something.  We still had beers to drink and hadn't really planned on taking shots.  In retrospect, I think it'd be better service to take something we had already purchased OFF the bill instead of giving us a free something we weren't going to get anyway.  But we didn't really feel in a position to negotiate when she suggested shots, so we accepted.  My boyfriend got lured in by the word "Jameson," turns out the shot was something like Jameson + butterscotch schnapps, tasting much more strongly of schnapps than Jameson, with an orange juice chaser.  Kind of weird, but okay.So a little while later, my boyfriend's burger appears and I am told that my Shepherd's pie is still cooking and will be out soon.  What in the hell?  Seriously, 5 minutes later, my food appears.  Why is that happening?  There are only two of us!  I understand when you have large parties, the meals get staggered.  But you can't time a burger and a shepherd's pie to be done at the same time?  Seriously, it kind of sucks.  I was starting to believe my shepherd's pie didn't really exist, and then it arrived, bubbling super hot from the oven. My boyfriend's burger was properly cooked this time, so he got to eat it - and quite liked it, I think - and I got to eat my pie.  I liked my food too - it was pretty simple and traditional, but rich with meaty gravy and yummy potatoes.  If the food had been brought out this way to begin with (and those salt-roasted beets didn't exist), this could've been a 4-star review.  But alas.We finished our food, I needed to take some of mine to go since it was humungous, and then we got our check.  Now, our server told us later that he was training so I forgive him this, but he put down that I got an $11 beer on the bill (when really it was $5), which I'm really glad we noticed and brought to his attention.  Not down with accidentally paying twice as much!  When we left, we pretty much agreed - the servers did their best to make up for our experience, but we're pretty much scared away from Alchemy 'n' Ale.  I really wanted to love it, but sadly I didn't even come close.
4	Haters be damned, Alchemy and Ale impressed me tonight. While dining with a friend yesterday, I was tipped off that my Groupon would be expiring in the next two days. Great, I know that Groupons usually mean long waits and a a certain disdain for the people using them by the time servers are exhausted with the rush of forgetful cheapies near the end of a groupon's life. Hey, it's not my fault - if I could use it day of, I would... My mind has wandered by the time they're active, though.I arrived at the door to a jovial man who simply asked my name and wrote it down on a notepad - no wait time offered, didn't even ask how many were in my party(maybe it doesn't matter). Regardless, he was willing to talk after what I assume to be an influx of people slowed down. The space is small: Upon entering there is a bar with two bar tables to the side on the right, a dividing wall, and a 'bistro' area with probably 10 tables or so. The decor is cute, the dividing wall has fake ivy and streetlamps to give an outdoors-indoors feel. We were seated in about 15 minutes.We were seated and immediately given glasses of water, and the short black-haired waitress asked if we had been there before. We told her it was our first time, and she went off on quite an in-depth speech about her favorite items on the menu and why she enjoyed them, touching on probably 70% of the menu unprompted. When asked about vegetarianism and nut allergies, she was extremely accommodating. This girl provided service that I thought was top notch - slightly informal, but passionate, and a desire to make sure the customer is happy. The line "The chef will do his best to make sure no nuts come anywhere near your plate" shines in comparison to the usual "uh, the chef says he uses nuts, is it like.. I mean will it kill you?".We chose our entrees on her recommendation, and being lovers of the mighty beet, we also chose the Beet Panzella($9) - roasted beets, caramelized goat cheese, chunks of bread, arugula, supposedly new to the menu. The flavors in this dish were excellent, the bread soaking up the beet juice, and the goat cheese was phenomenal. This was my favorite dish of the night. One complaint I have about the dishes here is that it seems like the chef doesn't like to use too much salt, which may be good to some, but I like salty food - even though I hate to use a salt shaker when I go out. Regardless, I found it to be a common theme throughout the meal.Our entrees arrived, my girlfriend getting some sort of mushroom pasta dish($14) and me opting for the shepard's pie($16) that the server raved over. I don't eat mushrooms, so I can't speak for that, but the shepard's pie was served hot in a decently sized portion. The quantity was not so large, but this was quite heavy and I was hurting by the end of it. The flavors were good, the truffle stood out well in the gravy, the potatoes were extremely smooth and creamy, and the short ribs at the bottom were tender enough to eat with a spoon. When I got to the bottom of my dish, I snuck a couple shakes of salt onto it. Yeah, even better.My girlfriend took over half of her entree home, and I finished mine but sit here with quite a lump in my stomach - I could have easily stopped half way through without much regret, so the portion sizes here are large enough to split a starter and an entree between two if you aren't super hungry. I thought the service was outstanding and the food was good - including the price of our groupon coming to around $40 was a steal. I was hesitant to come after reading the recent reviews An'A has been getting, but I have to say I would love to come back. Maybe they're stepping their game back up?
3	Ugh!  I want to LOVE this place. . . but:This weekend my wife and I went out to eat here for my birthday.  I liked the place, having gone there with my Dad a few weeks ago, and wanted her to get to try it.  The plus side is, she really liked the food.  I did too. . . sorta (explanation follows).  They were out of a few things, but I decided pumpkin pierogies sounded awesome and different.  She got steak. . . rare. . . as usual.  We got mussels for an appetizer and the sauce was fantastic!  I always want to drink what's left as soup, but I didn't, cuz I'm klassy.  They brought out my wife's steak (cooked just the way she likes it, bleeding as if stabbed) and chose that moment to inform me that they were out of the pumpkin pierogies.  Now I'm very easy going when I dine out.  I'm mostly just excited to have someone cook and clean up and try new things.  But if you're out of something the time to inform them is not as you bring the other person her supper.  I stared blankly at the waiter (who seemed sort of "new") and said, "And you're telling me this now?"  I eventually settled for skillet-seared scallops with bacon on honey-siracha polenta.  They were good, if somewhat over-sweet, and we were going to cap the evening with coffee. . . but they were out of it, so we settled for their version of a molten chocolate cake.  After a few minutes they stopped over to the table to inform us they were out of that as well.  At that point it seemed appropriate to say, "we'll take our check now".  Although the owner, and both waiters came to the table to apologize for effing up my dinner so spectacularly, when the final check came, there was no "hey, sorry about your dinner, we took one of your cocktails off the check" sort of gesture, and I admit I was thinking they would do that.  Not that I expect it, or even ask for it when it's not given (unless it's a total debacle) but it's still something that a "good" gastropub should do.  I was mostly disappointed because I really wanted my wife to have a good experience there so I could convince her to go back, and it was my special magical birthday week dinner. . . and they botched it. . . so I tucked my birthday tail between my legs and we went home.
3	If I was writing a review based on food alone, Alchemy N' Ale would definitely be a five-star experience.  Their burger is one of the best I've had in Pittsburgh and the seasonal Pumpkin Pierogie dish was amazing.  But we waited longer than expected for our food, and when it did come out,  our dishes did not come out at the same time (something we noticed at several tables around us as well).   The ambiance of the restaurant is great, with exposed brick walls and rustic wooden tables, but the set up also seems to not make the best use of their small space.  More two-top tables or moving tables closer together could accommodate more people and create less of a wait for tables.  That being said, the whole time we were waiting, the bartender and host were very attentive to us and others who were waiting.  Knowing that it is a newer restaurant and still working out kinks, I would definitely still go back and give it another go because the food was great and that's really what I was there for!
3	A friend of mine suggested Alchemy 'N Ale for a nice birthday dinner and I was super excited to accept because I have been waiting to try this place since it opened but haven't had the chance. There were definitely some hits...and unfortunately some misses.For starters I ordered the alchemy fries that the whole table shared. The truffle gravy was obviously the highlight of the dish, it was very rich and flavorful.  The fries themselves were quite inconsistent, some were cut thinner which resulted in delicious crispy fries but others were cut thick and therefore left a little limp. The crispy kale was a nice addition to the dish.J and I also split the mac 'n cheese which has the description of "better than your own". If that's the case, they haven't had mine (I don't mean to toot my own horn, but mine is pretty damn good, if there's ever a yelp potluck i'll be sure to make it). It wasn't bad but it wasn't good, just bland. If you're going to hype something up, you better follow through.As an entree I got the beet carpaccio which was absolutely delicious (however, I am slightly biased on this dish seeing as how I have an insatiable appetite for beets)  and J ordered the crab cakes. I stole a bite or two of those crabby patties, they were tasty but a bit on the small side. J was really pleased by the rice with bits of pork belly that accompanied the crab cakes. May i add, he wasn't too keen on the mac 'n cheese either.I ordered a bloody mary which was good but by no means great. Blue Dust's bloody mary blows A&A out of the water. The "ale" selection lacked in quantity but makes up for it in quality...I guess.To sum it all up, this is a new place that has a lot of kinks to work out, they don't have heat lamps so food comes out as it is done which resulted in my friend having to sit there and watch us eat for almost 10 minutes before she got her pasta dish (she insisted we didn't wait) and prices are a bit high for the quality of some of the food. Don't get me wrong, I do not mind paying a pretty penny for excellence, but A&A just isn't there yet...I believe they are hoping to cash in on the gastropub trend.
4	The interior looks amazing compared to when it was Geno's. It looks incredibly sleek and classy now. Much more modern.We ordered the cheese plate as an appetizer, which had yummy little baby pickles and some fantastic, rich, creamy cheeses. Consider it recommended!My friend got the fish tacos, which he said were very tasty and very spicy -- in a good way! I had the country fried chicken and mashed potatoes. The breading on the chicken was not your typical breading. It was nice and flaky but hearty at the same time.I had the cheesecake for dessert, which was outrageously good. Instead of a slice, it was its own mini pie with some sort of heavenly sweet cream on top.Aside from the waitress messing up my order and acting like it was my fault, the experience was good. I'd love to go back for this brunch I keep hearing about!
4	Since moving to Lawrenceville, we were looking at this place from the beginning. My girlfriend read a review of the place somewhere giving kudos to their Moscow Mule... and that is one of my favorite drinks so we had just one MORE reason to go here. What was the outcome/verdict... pretty darn good!When we went in, it was very quiet with no one really in their... with it being 6pm on a Tuesday when the Pens have a home game against the Redwings, it is quite understandable. This was good news for us though... as we were able to engage with the GM and enjoy our time at the bar. She had a dark & story and both of our drinks were very good... so 2 thumbs up on them. We did not want to have anything too crazy so we ordered the mac & cheese and pumpkin pierogies. The mac & cheese was VERY good, along with the price for an appetizer... it was a very good portion size. The pierogies were on the smaller side (portion-wise) as it was for an entree, but again, they were VERY good.I would recommend this place again for just a drink or even a meal... nice atmosphere[phere and we loved the overall look/feel.
4	Place is kind of small, but I'm a fan of the decor & atmosphere.  Low-key, cozy, quaint, dim-lighting, wood benches and tables, and very friendly & attentive service!What I liked the most about this place is that the food we tried was definitely better than your-standard-gastropub grub and it had a unique flair to each.   I mean, if you're going to go out to eat, you want to eat something that  is different from what you can make yourself!  And if you're going to go to a gastropub for some flavor-packed, calorie-filled, heavier foods, you're definitely going to want it to taste DELICIOUS!We had the Mac N Cheese, Shepherd's Pie and Fish & Chips.  All were yummmmy!The Mac N Cheese got the seal of approval from the BF, who is a huge Mac N Cheese fan and really wanted to try Alchemy's version.  Very Cheesy, but not too greasy.The Shepherd's Pie was pretty good though and, even though I was expecting to taste more truffle, had lots of flavor.  Most impressive was the Fish & Chips.  The batter was different from any other I have had before and soooo yummy!  I'll definitely be getting that again next time.
2	We just moved back to the Burgh after spending 3 years in California.  We always kept track of what was going in the Burgh so this place was on our short list to try when we returned.  Love the changes inside.  We had been to the place when it was Geno's.  We sat at the bar near the end close to the service area which is NEVER a good idea but they were the only seats at the bar.  The draft selection did have local beers so we liked that.  We ordered the mussels and fish and chips.  Both came out barely warm to the touch.  The sauce for the mussels was delicious, however, they should have been steaming when they were brought out.  I was born in New Zealand so I'm pretty picky about my fish and chips which is kinda stupid since it is a pretty simple dish.  I expected the triple fried fries to be amazing but they were barely warm and soggy.  Weird.  The fish.  Ahhhh the fish.  The batter was crazy bland.  The fish was a thick cut and wasn't cooked all the way through.  Now, the only thing that saved this dish was the mushy peas.  I would go back for the mushy peas and that is all.  Well I might go back for a dark and stormy too.  The bartender was very attentive which is always good.How do you screw up fish and chips?
5	Ginger beer.... did you say Ginger beer.  OMG!  The specialty cocktails, while are limited, are damn good.  I love the Moscow mule which contains vodka, ginger beer, and some other good stuff.  I would go back to this place purely for this.... but wait the food is actually pretty good too!  The DH and I went here with a group of friends, so we ordered quite a bit, and shared everything.  So I'm pretty sure this place has some good food, and I'm not sure why there are so many negative reviews?  We ordered the Shepherd's Pie, Fish And Chips, P.E.I. Mussels, Roasted Beet Salad, Scallop's, and Crab Cakes.  Each dish was better than the next.  My favorite was definitely the scallop's and the fries on the fish & chips entree.  The only thing I disliked was the batter on the fried fish, it was not crisp!  For shame.  The place is very unassuming, you would never think that they serve such fantastic food.  Give it a try!
4	I didn't know what to expect when coming to A n' A for a drink.  I was actually impressed, it was smaller inside than I anticipated, but felt like an intimate place to grab a drink or bite to eat.  I liked the decor - it just made me feel comfy.  I had the Circus Boy Magic Hat bottle.  It was really good - I like hops and wheat beer and this was a great combo of both.  The waitress was very friendly and it wasn't overly crowded for a Friday night.  While we didn't order food here, the waitress mentioned that their Shepherd's pie is a big hit.  I would come here again and this time try out the food.
5	Have been here twice, great experience both times. Great service and great food. Salmon was delicious, perfectly cooked and the side of cauliflower gratin was crazy good. Boyfriend loved his crab cake over dirty rice. In fact, he said it was the best meal he's had in awhile, which would be insulting if I had cooked recently. Luckily that's not the case. Great live music every Thursday.Great experience, super confused by all the negative reviews.
3	They barely finished the restaurant the chairs are incredibly annoying there are not caps for the exposed brick and the food though it is delicious came out at probably 300 degrees! And for a business with the last name ALE doesn't have a very good beer selection. This is a newer bar and I just think there is a lot of room for growth just yet. Again even though there were some things I was unhappy with the food (most importantly) tasted incredible.
1	Ughhh. I gave alchemy a second.. third.. Chance.  They finally had enough sense to drop their absurd prices ($15 for a pretty average burger? Come on...) so I thought they were worthy of another shot.  Welp, they replaced their absurd prices with absurd service and a lack of pretty much every item on the menu.  I mean, at 10 PM on a Friday night, how can you possibly be out of almost all of your draft beers, Captain Morgan, and half of your appetizers, INCLUDING the one that the waiter recommended?   Maybe you should make sure you actually have something before recommending that your customers order it?  And OH WAIT... they didn't ACTUALLY drop the prices.. they just stopped included fries with your meal and charge 4 freaking dollars to add them on.  So let's do the math... 5 lbs of potatoes costs about $3 - you get about 4 oz. of fries -  so the true cost is somewhere around 15 cents?  Sounds like a rip-off to me.   Sad.. this place could be cool.  But alas, it sucks.  Spend your money elsewhere.  And hope that the schmuck running this place takes a look at some of these reviews and gets a clue.
2	I ate here for dinner last night with my girlfriend and parents.After being seated in the dining room I noticed how dark it waswhenever everyone in my party had a slightly hard time reading themenu.  Our server came over to us shortly afterward to offer usdrinks.  He twice had to go back to the bar to see what was on draftand never mentioned anything in bottles even though they seemed tohave a fair amount.  A beer list would have come in handy and I hopethat they make some up in the future.  I ended up ordering a draftSlyfox IPA while everyone else stuck with water whenever we were toldthat they were out of iced tea.Before we ordered our food the server mentioned that they were out ofa few other things: salmon, scallops, the chicken thighs and mixedgreens although they could substitute romaine for the mixed greens.Our table was disappointed as this eliminated 3 of the 10 entrees thatthey had.  Even so we decided to order the hummus as an appetizer.  Itcame out with fried pita circling a large bowl of hummus.  While Ireally enjoyed the fried pitas, some other members of my party did notas they thought it was overly fried and thus, too crunchy.  The hummusitself was underwhelming and seemed to have come right out of acontainer.  For my entree I decided on the macaroni and cheese withbacon.  It came out with a nice crust on the top and a fair amount ofbacon.  The taste was good and cheesy but it was also pretty runny formac n cheese as I had a hard time eating it with a fork.  I did enjoyit and it filled me up even though I was worried about that whenever Ihad originally ordered it.  Both my girlfriend and my mom ordereddifferent wraps but agreed that they were dry.  I also find it comicalthat they asked my girlfriend how she would like her steak cooked forthe wrap.  The reason for that is that it ended up being what we thinkwas Steak Ums.  The fries that came with her wrap were good and seemedlike they were freshly cut.  My father ordered the fish n chips and Idid not hear anything good or bad about it so it must have been ok.The bottom line for me is that I would probably not head back here toeat in the future.  In general the food seemed to be hit or miss withhalf of the components on a dish good with the other half not so good. I also found it bizarre with how many items they did not have when wevisited.  With all of that being said, I still like the idea andlocation of it and could see myself going for a drink.
2	The decoration/setup was very well done, the food was pretty good, the draft list was short and the server was not knowledgeable.  Overall it was a let-down since I've been passing it for a while thinking it looked really cool and I don't think I'd go back for the food or beer list.
