1	Today I had my worst experience here. We were greeted promptly by a not-so-friendly guy who said we could sit anywhere. We did and waited a long time to get someone to come over to get our drink order. By then we pretty much knew what we wanted to eat. The waitress, I belive her name is Alicia, said she had to get her pad to write down the order. She ran and got it and came back (I noticed she did this with 2 other tables during the course of the night--why no carry the darn pad around then if your memory is that bad?? really??)Anyways we ordered and out came a pizza with peperoni and onions. We were busy with our wings so we didn't notice a problem as of yet. I should add we ordered ranch dressing 3 separate times and never got it.Before I could serve the first slice we noticed the onions and so we waited to see if Alicia would come back around. She did not. I had to walk up to the front and tell her that we got the wrong pizza, we asked for Peperoni and Ham and a side of ranch dressing. She got snooty with me and informed me that "she had wrote down onions so that's what I got" Her attitude was deplorable and apalling to me. It was bad enough I had to send the pizza back because there was no way I was eating an onion pizza (we both dislike onions) and adding her annoyance tone made the experience that much worse. The manager never bothered to come by and check on us or apologize or ask if everything was OK, now that a new, correct, pizza had come out.We also did not get new plates or moist towels or more silverware or did Alicia bother to ask if we needed more napkins or take away the dirty plates (if you recall we just ate wings and french fries and all the plates were dirty and napkins used up.There were no flies in the restaurant this time (it's winter time) but every time I get the urge to come here I struggle with the pros and cons of do I want a pizza that bad to put up with the flies that make this restaurant their cozy home.The bill said that the server was DEMORIO. I think this was the not so friendly guy.When I was paying the bill, Demorio and the Manager seemed to be arguing about my mis-hap pizza. She was rolling her eyes and looked very annoyed. I knew they were talking about me when Demorio pointed at me and said "He can probably explain it better than me" and she said...yeah I bet..."what did you do with the pizza?" she asked, Demorio said "we packaged it back up in a delivery box and put it in the warmer" (maybe someone will order a peperoni and onion pizza and we can sell it to them) I witnessed the Manager immediately remove the pizza from the warmer and throw it in the trash...do you, reading this, want to eat my old pizza that was made wrong, sat in my table, touched by my fingers, returned to the counter and re-boxed and sold to you at full price?I just want to say the Manager really missed an opportunity here to speak with me one on one and straighten this ever so worsening situation out. I just walked out, frustrated and will likely never return.The Good News: Delivery service always on time, friendly and good price. Sometimes they forget to bring parmesan and hot peppers but not a big deal. They forgot to charge me for an entire pitcher of beer...wohoo! (but clearly this was an accident as they never offered to do anything for the screw up)
1	I loved Pizza Hut in 2 other states, but this was terrible!  The pizza was the worst I ever had and I had delivery so it was also cold.  Blah
4	What can you say?  It's a Pizza Hut.  I always order carryout, it is always ready when I arrive and always made correctly.  The staff seems a bit disorganized sometimes but they've always been friendly.You have to feel for the management, I know that they are tasked with managing ever more unreasonable demands from corporate... a high turn over rate and a bad corporate reputation.
2	Shame that it now seems that you will have to insist on defining good service for some of the agents here. The host we ordered from did not know enough to let us know that there is a price difference on the boneless wings versus the bone in wings . As a result she miss quoted our total bill. She did want to get paid before our order came out and I think that was because she realized that we did not get what we ordered! We spoke with Randon who was the manager and who easily rectified the scenario but despite his efforts, the whole experience was trying, Also, be prepared to not receive any option of ranch or blue cheese with your wings. Apparently Pizza Hut powers that be don't feel that you need these with the wings and they will add an additional charge if you ask for this. My pizza was ok. And when there is a ten dollar special you may be able to endure the additional entertainment in the drama of ordering.
3	The Pizza Hut has Poor Management.  Nothing but young folks work there, I have never seen or spoken to a Manager on Duty to complain, just young kids.  One time, went in and wanted coffee, they had to make it but did not have ANY Creamer and they did not tell me upfront about this until I had asked for some. I then refused the coffee and the young girl did not like this very well, because she did not come back to wait on us, she ended up sending over another girl to finish waiting on us.  I call this POOR Management. I do like the personnel pan pizzas we get there though.
1	Dear Pizza Hut:Why is your pizza so bad? Yesterday my father in law decided to forgo my "suggestion" to call Barros and order a pizza with you. When the pizza arrived I was immediately shocked,  saddened and reminded why I vowed I would never deal with you again.Pizza is inherantly greasy due to hot pepperoni and sausage combined with meted cheese but somehow you have figured out a way to add even more grease. The crust to your pizza is coated as though you attempted to deep fry the thing in cold oil. As I held the soggy slice, and began to think about where I had left the antacids.This experience has reaffirmed why I swore you off 15 years ago and that I'm glad I did.  If I want pizza I will order it from Barros or pick up frozen red barron from anywhere because the quality of your product is so poor. How you have stayed in business all these years still baffles me...
