3	Prices are steep to express oneself in this goth, hipster, alternative fashion. I am a fan of graphic shirts and the use of every color within the rainbow, but geez it would cost me more to dress down then it does to prep up.The graphic tees emblazoned with Power Rangers, Sailor Moon, Care Bears, My Little Pony, etc. are cool. They have a Green Ranger shirt, I am torn between that and the Yellow Ranger...
3	This was the first store we hit when we got to Fashion Show Mall.We dont have a Hot Topic in Canada. I always enjoy going to stores we don't have.This location wasn't overly big. Mostly Tshirts, cheap jewelry and "Mall GothFashion"I wasn't in the mood to try any clothes on or I would of checked out a few skirts I saw.We only bought a few cosmetic items, bright blue & green liquid eyeliner, and a white eyeshadow. They were all on clearance which is funny since I only use high end cosmetics.  But I had forgot some of my makeup at home, and brightly colored liquid liner is sometimes hard to find.The girl who rang us up had super cool nails. She wasnt overly friendly but did tell us how the salon did the tips all glittery.I now kinda wish I would of tried that skirt on ... Hmmm another reason to return to Vegas sooner, then later.
3	I'll lay it to you in black and white. My 3-star rating has a lot to do with my personal bias for soft, pastel colored clothes contrary to the dense 'blackness' you'll find in this store. I believe the fashion category Hot Topic would belong to is goth, punk or emo to name a few, not that I am in any way against it at all. In fact, one of my galpals loves this place so much that she always makes sure we stop by here whenever we're at the mall. Fortunately, like a chameleon, I can blend in and adapt anywhere. Put me in a Hot Topic store - or anywhere else - and I'll find something amusing that catches my eye sooner or later. This was when I saw the most random Hello Kitty Items that had me chuckling - socks, beanie, navel barbells and suspenders. My galpal was fixated with the corsettes so I went over to her and caught sight of a sailor moon graphic T-shirt along the way. Very interesting product combinations I must say although I do have to give props to the 'Big Bang Theory' shirts they have up as well. It's one of my favorite TV shows, ever. If only I could add a 0.5 to this rating, I would. Bazinga.
3	I don't really shop here for the band t-shirts anymore (very pricey anyway), but for their HELLO KITTY stuff. I know that sounds funny, because the Sanrio store is right across from it. But sometimes the store has BOGO 50% on the 2nd item. Besides, my husband also likes to go in for their figures (OK, I really call them toys, but I guess he considers them collectibles). It's one of the few stores he likes to visit in this mall. Otherwise, the aisles are a little tight, especially when there are other customers, and when one is pushing a baby stroller. Of course, you find this out when you become a parent. We stropped bringing the large one because things would start getting caught on it and would fall off the racks/displays.
4	Haven't really shopped at Hot Topic since high school however my brother loooooves their pants. I went in search of them for a xmas present and also looking for dressier tapered black pants that were not necessarily slacks. It took a while at first to get some attention but as soon as I did I was it was kindly and quick. Made my trip to Fashion Show during the craziest time of the year amazing! The only thing is that I wish I could give the kid that assisted me credit but I didn't see a name or was mentioned one.
1	Horrible service given by a sales rep named Irene. We had the misfortune to have Irene assist us with our returns. We had an item out of the bag because we were debating on whether or not we wanted to return it. When telling her we wanted to return it she said that the item was not in the bag and she didn't take it out. At first I didn't understand what she was implying because I told her the item was on my receipt. She kept saying that she did not take it out of the bag. We told her we did to inspect it and she saw us do it! In the end she accepted the return which was probably  the smartest things she has ever done in her life.If she could look up our history, she would see that we have spent over $500 in just the past 2 months alone. Why the hell would we try to 'steal' a $10 item. This is the first hot topic I have ever been to where I left feeling offended and dissatisfied. San Diego hot topics are so wonderful! I hope this was a one off and not a vegas thing
