5	Let me address the elephant in the room... Yes, this is the venue formerly known as "Inspirador" but let me tell you, what made that venue great is still here and what it was lacking it now has. I attended the grand opening last week and am so pleased by what I experienced. For those of you who have visited the venue (now or years ago) know that this is a flexible space with a gorgeous open-air courtyard/terrace, beautiful and contemporary interior space chock full of stunning lights and show-stopping modern features. The location is in the downtown Chandler area, which is tough to beat. More A/V abilities and hookups have been added, to keep up with the times. The quote on the floor was removed (thank you), and literally everything else received some sprucing up. The biggest issue that plagued this space in the past was the ownership/management. Bye bye. SoHo63 is now being lead by a team of professionals. Megan Schmidt is the "chief event curator" if I got that title correct, and I have no doubt that she will build this venue way beyond it's previous status in the community. Her family is an icon in the valley, and with some inherited business acumen, and a few family connections, I see nothing but success for both she and the venue.
5	My husband and I were lucky enough to be the first wedding at SoHo 63. Megan was our wedding coordinator for the ceremony and reception. She was extremely helpful and kind during the entire process (only 2 months). Even though we planned a wedding in 2 months, the SoHo 63 staff made our wedding look and feel like we had been planning it for two years. All of the vendors she recommended provided top notch services. We could not thank the SoHo 63 crew enough for making the happiest day of our lives a success! All of our guest were extremely impressed with the facility and staff. I would highly recommend SoHo 63 for your event needs.
5	I currently am looking around at wedding venues across the valley and was so pleased with the customer service provided by Meghan during the tour she hosted. She answered all of my questions and made me feel comfortable that Soho63 will provide me with a quality wedding. Soho63 is able to customize your wedding specifically not only to your taste and style, but also to your budget. There are a million options to choose from at Soho63! Very classy, very professional, and very unique. So excited to have my wedding at such a lovely, family-owned venue!!!!
5	Soho63 is wonderful and highly recommended. They have excellent, best in class customer service!We reached out to 20+ venues and Soho was the cream of the crop. Courtney and team is very responsive and will try to work with you on your budget. The attention to detail is lock down even to the bottle of waters ( names are provided).Actual venue itself is amazing as well, lots of options and very urban design!great people and great service!
