4	I think it was the guitar playing chicken that caught my eye as I drove by.  Then it was the "Now Open" sign.  New business?  Figured I had to try it.Rock-n-Roll Fingers is a SO cool concept.  Chicken fingers, waffle fries and Texas toast - that's pretty much the menu.  The Chicken fingers may be fried or Buffalo style - but they definitely won't be from frozen chicken.  They use only fresh Chicken breasts - no skin and no bones -  and they fry only in Canola oil to make for the least unhealthy fried chicken they can.  They have about 7 different dipping sauces - from Ranch to Thai sweet chili  - though they are known for their Special Sauce.  It's a secret recipe, so of course I had to try it.  Pretty dang good.  I also loved the BBQ which was more tangy than sweet and went perfect with the chicken.  As for the chicken - have you ever had chicken so juicy that you though it might not be fully cooked?  Maybe it's just because I grew up eating overcooked food, but every once in awhile when I get chicken cooked so perfectly I have to look to make sure it isn't pink.  It was SO juicy I was really shocked.  And though fried, it wasn't a thick and overly crispy batter - just enough to seal in the juices while leaving you with a tender and flexible piece of meat.  The waffle fries were out of this world.  The Texas toast was SOOO good!  When I got back to the office I was super excited to learn two things.  This is an independently owned business - this is their first location.  And even more cool - they have gotten a perfect score by the Health Department more than six times in a row.  Wow.   So you can eat some really great food and support a new local business for a $5-7 lunch.  Not bad.  Not bad at all.
2	So, after reading Kristin's glowing review, I decided to give this place a shot.  They're on my way home and I've had a craving for chicken fingers ever since I left Texas, where Raising Canes is huge.Let me first talk about the good.  If you're from the south and miss Raising Canes- this place has their schtick down perfectly.  The flash-fried chicken fingers, the squishy fries, and of course, the special sause.  PSssst!  The special sauce is 50% ranch and 50% barbecue :)But I didn't have a very good experience and it all boils down to management.  I ordered a "regular plate" which amounts to 3 chicken fingers, fries, toast, and 1 ramekin of sauce.  This amounts to about $7.00.  Did you want a drink with that?  That's another $2.  Personally, I always take water.  The counter-jockey, who very well may be the owner given his age and demeanor, informed me they were out of water cups and I would not be permitted to use one of the cups they give to those who shell out for soda.  No problem.  I was walking home, so I had my water bottle.  So, rude owner aside, we're still doing good here.  Owner appears to be the only guy in the place because he leaves the front counter, picks up his cell phone and begins calling people while preparing my order.  At no time did he A.  Thank me for my business.  B.  Wash his hands or C.  Tell me whether my food would be right out or if I should have a seat.After about 5 minutes, owner reappears with my food and plops it down on my table.  As mentioned earlier, the food tastes pretty close to Raising Canes, so if you're looking for that ridiculously hot greasy fried-chicken + sauce thing, they've got it here.  As I think about my french fries, I realize there's no salt to be found in the whole restaurant.  I scour the booths, I check the counter, nothing.  I see the owner sitting on a chair, still on his cell phone, and wave as if to get his attention.  He waves me off as if to say, "I have no time for you" and keeps blabbing on his cell phone.  Dirty hands, no condiments, no customer service.  Three strikes, you're out.  I will not be back.
5	I do not have to even think twice when I say that Rock-n-Roll Chicken Fingers is one of the best places to eat in the Tempe area.  Ever since the first time I ate there a few years ago, I have always had an amazing experience.First off, every meal is cooked with care, and is treated as though it is the most important plate there.  Nothing is slopped together like your average fast food joint.  The service is far from average as well.  The owner of the restaurant is always friendly with every customer that walks in.  I always feel welcome and important when I come in.  It may not be the biggest food chain around, or filled with several employees, but nonetheless, the food always makes my mouth water, and the owner cares about me as a customer.  This is how every restaurant should be, and I commend them for their hard work.  I will continue to eat here, as well as refer all of my friends to eat there.  Please join the Rock -n-Roll Chicken Fingers family like I have!!
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat chicken fingers. The chicken is great (get the special sauce!) and tastes really fresh.The owner (mentioned Chris' review) is a cool guy who seems to really cares about making great food. They've received really great health reviews lately so he's apparently gotten his act together on that end.One interesting thing is that every time I go, it's never the same experience. One time they don't have waffle fries, the next time the toast is different. Last time, they didn't have bags for our take out order.I never see that many people at this place although I've only been in the summer. I hope it stays around for a while.
5	Saw the other reviews so I decided to give it a try.The first thing I noticed on entering was the sign over the jukebox saying they had perfect health inspection scores 11-times in a row and the owner told me it was now up to 12. Anyplace that keeps their kitchen and restaurant that clean is good in my book.Ordered a large basket with 3 chicken fingers, fries and Texas Toast. Probably because I had my 2 1/2 year old son with me, the owner added an extra few fingers to the order - very nice of him.The food was very tasty. Crispy skin and juicy chicken. I usually don't like thick french fries but these were very well done.The owner also mentioned to me that the food was cooked in Canola oil and had no trans-fats and no cholesterol. Definitely made me feel better about eating deep-fried foods.All in all, I really liked the place and will definitely return.
3	OK, just ate RnR Fingers again tonight and it made me think of writing a review on here.First off, let me just say that I love their &quot;Secret Sauce&quot; and their fingers are pretty darn good.  I always get a sandwich and a few extra fingers and a ramekin of sauce on the side. Why do they only get 3 stars then Hotchy, you may ask. Well it all falls down at their service. I have been in here a bunch and the owner is consistently rude, never smiles and god forbid he says more than 2 words to you! His brother, who opened the place but disappeared from the restaurant awhile back, was a much nicer person.  I firmly believe that if you don't have a social demeanor you should not run a restaurant.Second: $2 and change for a large soda???? Dude that stuff costs about 10 cents! I understand you have to cover costs but come on!Third: The use of Styrofoam. As an independently owned business these guys can make an effort to beautify the world and try using recyclable products even a little. HERE READ CUPS. I will pay a little extra for the soda if it came in recycled cups.So there you have it. Go there for the fingers, but leave quickly because of the service.
5	Rock n Roll fingers is at least a weekly treat to myself. As the other reviewers have already pointed out, their health department scores are no less then stellar, and the service is exceptional. Every time I have been there, I have been warmly greeted by the owner, and we are now on a first name basis, so the people claiming he is rude is somewhat odd to me.Back to the food. This is some of the best fried chicken I have ever had. Its always juicy, tender, and freshly made. I love buffalo sauce, so I always end up getting ranch and buffalo on the side, but the special sauce is also great.I highly recommend this place to anyone that is looking for some of the freshest fried chicken around. If you like buffalo chicken like me, its a defacto standard for great chicken and buffalo sauce.
5	I have been going to Rock and Roll Fingers for about 3 years.  Its located near the ASU campus but it seems many college student don't know about this hidden treasure.  By far the best chicken in Arizona. It is always tender crisp and not to greasy.  The owner Allen is a real nice guy and often makes small talk to returning customers.  I love the 60's rock posters on the wall giving it that old diner feel.  As you wait for your food which is usually delivered by the owner himself, there are checkers and backgammon to pass the time.  I always bring my visiting friends to Rock and Roll to show off one of Tempe's truly great eateries.
2	All my friends love RnR but I am always disappointed. I cant place my finger on why I don't enjoy the food, but I don't. This being said, since so many people I know love the food here, I would still recommend it to someone looking for chicken fingers. The staff is really nice and the atmosphere is cool. It just is not my cup of tea.
4	I don't like rock and roll, and I don't like a plate full of fried food... but this place was pretty awesome.  The options for anything other than fried chicken is very limited, but we decided to just get four specials.  A plate full of fries and fried chicken breast strips, plus sauces.  I loved the house special sauce.  Couldn't put my finger on exactly what it was.  Thai Basil sauce was okay, the rest were typical and nothing special.  Fries were fine.  The place was spotless, and the guy working was really friendly.  He thanked us a few separate times, and seemed sincere.
4	I used to live by Rock-n-Roll fingers about two years ago, and even though I moved downtown, I still find myself drawn back to this place.  The concept is simple - pretty much just chicken, and a few other sides you'd expect from a chicken place.  Only thing is, their chicken is amazing.  Based on the fingers alone, I would say I haven't had better in AZ.  The best part is that they always seem to make them up fresh when you order.  This results in a little bit of a wait (5-10 minutes), but having fresh chicken fingers is worth it for me.  As far as sauces, I tend to go with the House sauce.  It's a little bit like a Remoulade sauce - not really sure what it's made out of, but it works well with the fingers.The only negative to this place is really just a comparison to itself.  When they first opened up, they had unbelievable waffle fries.  Unfortunately, somewhere along the line they decided to go with regular fries.  The ones they switched to aren't BAD, but compared to the waffle fries they just don't cut it.  If they switched back to waffle fries I would definitely bump to 5 stars.
5	I don't eat fried chicken very often, but this chicken fingers are very tasty. Not like other franchise fried chicken. I did not get fries and got extra chicken fingers. The place is small, but the owner Alin is awesome man. I was very much focusing on the chicken and sauce. Haven't tried all the sauces, but will give them a shot. Some people tweet on social network about the tasty Chicken meals. Even news crews were there as well. Now the only place you can find their coupon is http://www.smartlocalshoppers.com/store/view/promotions/1054/The owner will even give more free stuff if you show the coupon on your iPhone or smart phone. So you don't have to print and bring in the coupons. I would recommend everyone to eat at their restaurant. The chicken fingers are too tasty to resist! Best Fried Chicken in Town.
5	I consider myself a fried chicken connoisseur.  I make it often and whether I use panko, breadcrumbs or corn flakes, I know what is good.  This place is good.  As mentioned in an earlier review, they make each order fresh.  If you can manage to wait 5-10 mins (I call ahead) then you are in for a treat.  Not too greasy, perfectly crispy all white meat chicken fingers served with a variety of sauces.  I go for the buffalo and bleu cheese sauces on my chicken finger sandwich.Also, the owner of this joint is obsessed with providing great customer service, a clean place, and even discounts if you refer a friend!If you like fried chicken...fingers...check it out.
4	This place is awesome..  Best chicken fingers in town!Owner is a great guy..  Bring a friend, get a free chicken finger..
4	Brak absolutely loves chicken fingers.  R&R is a nice joint.  As billed, classic R&R serenades you as you dine.  There are lots of posters and actual album covers making up the decor.  The place has gathered something like 13 straight "gold star" county health inspection reviews.  This is a GOOD thing and I'm glad the owner is proud of it.  Nice not to have to worry about what's going on behind the curtain.Prices aren't cheap but they're very reasonable for what you get.  Fingers of course is the focus, as well as lots of available sauces.  This can't be a very healthy meal, but it's sure tasty.  The fingers don't taste like frozen chain restaurant fare, which they aren't.. and it makes a huge difference.  Texas Toast is a fine complement, and the fries are good too.Brak gives R&R Fingers a solid 4-star rating.  The only reason it doesn't get a 5er is that Putsy's in Tempe, when it was still open, was even better.  Damn, this is making me hungry.. I think I'll motor on over to R&R right now for a nice crispy lunch.  Mmmm mmm.
5	This place is great!!! all of my friends love going here for lunch.... if your in the mood for some really good chicken fingers, this is the place to go! The plates are served with french fries and a piece of Texas toast which is very good.  They have a good selection of sauces. I recommend this to all my friends and to everyone that comes into Tempe, AZ!
5	If you don't like Rock-n-Roll Fingers, I don't like you.  Period.  The owner rocked, he used to hook us up with an extra finger all the time!!  For all the shitty food in arizona I had to endure with, this place was a shining star!  Living back in New York, if I am ever cravin some chicken fingers, I know my hunger will not be succesully taken care of b/c their is no Rock-n-Roll substitute.
4	This place is delicious. The chicken finger sandwich is huge and the veggies on it seemed very fresh and crisp.  Great fingers, great sauce, good place to eat.  The owner was very nice and I felt very happy to help him out.  It is a small business, kind of hard to find (next to FYE), but this is way better than any drive-thru place.  Go check it out.
5	I was so excited to learn about Rock-N-Roll Fingers after many months of not having my favorite place for chicken fingers in business any longer (thanks, Halley)!  Little did I know that my old favorite place for chicken fingers got most of their ideas from Rock-N-Roll Fingers...  The chicken is moist and tender and perfectly cooked - I love that the breading is minimal on each piece.  Sauces are very good - there are several to choose from. The website shows waffle fries as the standard side, but we received regular fries perfectly seasoned. The Texas toast is really tasty...bread is not usually my thing - I ate mine and could have eaten another piece.Go check it out and take a friend.  I'm spreading the word to all the people in my office who used to go to the old favorite...this will be our new favorite!Alan, thanks for the hospitality on our first visit!
5	Best chicken fingers I have ever had no questions asked. Always hot and fresh, good quality chicken, great sauces, and good prices. I can't say how much I crave these fingers somedays without my mouth watering. They are nice big strips of quality chicken that has never been frozen and is always fresh. They are lightly breaded and cooked and never greasy. When ordering i usually come with a friend and we do the special deal where if you get the 3 strip box which is 3 strips, fries, texas toast, 2 sauces and a drink you each get the 4th strip free all for about $10. The fries here are great and well seasoned and perfect for dipping in sauces which i think there are about 7 of but i always go with 1 special sauce and 1 buffalo as they work well together. I can heat my mouth up with the buffalo and cool it down with the special sauce(great on fries).The texas toast is awesome and has a ton of flavor and just melts in your mouth it is so good.And to those guys out there thinking 4 strips, fries and toast that won't fill me up i need 8 strips think again as these are big and meaty strips not the tiny little things from McDonald's or Burger King. Usually we all end up with some to take home or force feed that last strip down just so we don't have to stand for another box.The best part is the owner is always there and truly appreciates your business and always makes sure to thank you for coming in. You can tell he takes pride in his place and it shows.Tips: They are closed Sunday and Monday and there is like a .50 cent fee for credit/debit because the card companies were giving the owner the shaft on fees.
5	5 stars all the way! Probably best chicken fingers in town! Get the box deal with toast, fries, chicken fingers, delicious! Many different sauces to choose from! Also, when you bring a new customer (friend) with you, you and your friend get an extra chicken for free! :) Chicken is always super juicy and steaming hot on the inside, I don't know how the owner does it, but it's amazing, every time! The only thing that sucks are their inconsistent, and always changing, hours of operation, so make sure you call, or check online first before you head out.
5	Rock-n-Roll fingers surprised me. Me and a friend were going to try the place out and thought it was not going to be what we expected. The chicken is very fresh very juicy and one of the best tasting chicken strips i have ever eaten in my life. Worth every penny. If you don't go and at least try it once, your missing out on some really good chicken.
2	Glowing reviews made me try this place and I'm convinced that the people that wrote them are some how affiliated with the owner. Yelp reviews have been very helpful in the past but these ones are a true conundrum. This place is NOT good. I LOVE chicken strips and this place had some of the worst ones I have ever had. My girlfriend and I both agreed we have ZERO desire to return. The service was friendly and the place was clean but the chicken itself was terrible. To try and explain... have you ever bought chicken from the grocery store that was tough for some reason? It was if they had bad chicken and then they threw it in a fryer with no batter or seasoning on it. They had a tough exterior with no tasty crispyness to enjoy. Bad bad bad. Try to support small business peeps but when Chick-fil-a is waaaay better and it's cheaper, why bother with R&R?
4	This place is prime example of mom and pop.  I can definitely see the hype people make of the chicken fingers.  They are great.  Not to soggy but not frozen crunchy.  Be prepare to wait a bit to get your food because it's made to order and not fried until you come in. If time is an issue, call ahead.  I recommend the chicken sandwich, it's amazing.   The other thing that I don't like is that it seems they don't have waffle fries like they used too and just use regular fires now.
4	Let's reverse the trend and go with "BAD" first, followed by GOOD.Two things keep this place from garnishing 5 stars:1.  The chicken fingers are sometimes actually a DIFFERENT STYLE from the last time you ate there.  That happened to me.  I took my kids there, and the strips were PERFECT - thick and meaty, crunchy, not too salty, completely awesome.  THUS, I bragged to my co-workers and took them.  THAT TIME, the strips were actually a DIFFERENT strip - not nearly as thick, with less meat, more on the "flat" style of strip.  That bothered me  - a lot.  After bragging that this place had the "best chicken strips EVER" we got there and they were fairly pedestrian strips.  Not good.2.  They charge a fee for paying with plastic.  I know, they have to pay fees and they are just collecting their fee in advance, rather than pay it out of their own pocket, but it's still an annoyance.  Better to add 1 cent to every item and get your fees back that way I think.  It just leaves a bad taste in my mouth paying a fee for using a card.Now, the GOOD:As many other reviewers have stated, the strips (when you get the GOOD ones) are totally delicious and completely awesome.  They WILL rank with the best you have ever had unless you were raised by a chicken chef.The point of this place is Chicken Strips.  If you love them, and get the good, meaty ones, enjoy.  The fries are above decent also.Just don't pay with plastic, and HOPE the strips are not the flat ones, and you are in business.
3	I have a feeling that this place probably appeals to individuals with more of an East cost experience with chicken fingers (though I could be wrong, but I will explain). As others have noted, it is family owned, not a chain, and the owner is extremely polite and that is god thing. I ordered the  regular chicken fingers plate with fries and a piece of Texas Toast and got an extra chicken finger because I was a new customer. For the sauces, and there is a number of selections, I got the blue cheese sauce and the house specialty.Being more used to Texas style chicken fingers I tend to like a think coating of batter (like chicken fried steak, dredged in an egg wash, and then flour and preferably twice). These seemed like they were just dredged in seasoned flour and then fried. So, fries were okay, Texas toast is like a thick piece of garlic toast and well, it was basically cooked chicken that you could dip into the sauce. Honestly, I think the chicken fingers from Popeye's are much better. If you like the style of chicken fingers they offer, then great but not really my thing, though I give kudo's to the owner for providing great service.
5	This place is fantastic! Its a small family run place that specializes in chicken tenders and that's about it, but what they lack in menu diversity they make up in quality.  Either in a salad, on a sandwich made from buttery Texas toast, or just on a plate alone the chicken tenders are moist and extremely delicious. They are never frozen, chicken breasts, lightly battered and made when you order them. Along with the tenders you get to choose from 8 different sauces. You get your typical ranch, buffalo, and mustard dipping sauces. But its their special sauce stands out as the best compliment to their chicken. Because its family owned it can be a bit pricey, at about $10 for a regular plate and drink, but the pleasant service, great food, and casual laid back atmosphere make up for it.
4	I don't know why I have a tendency to forget this place exists for months at a time. It's not that I don't like it or that I don't eat chicken tenders. It's really a shame too as this place is locally owned(the owner takes all the orders and is a very friendly guy). The fingers aren't your mcdonalds fair. They have less breeding and are more of a homestyle than fast food. They chicken flavor is allowed to stand out more than the breading which I like. Plus they are much meatier and fresher than most (not mistaken they are never frozen). They are more like thirds of a breast than a little slice. I get full on 3 and some fries but the box deal with 4 strips, toast, fries, w sauces and a drink is the way to go to have a few leftovers.If your looking for good chicken tenders this is the place to be. Good food, local owner and a filling meal.Oh and fyi there is a charge for using credit cards so try and bring cash if you can.
5	I don't eat meat anymore but man am I going to miss this place. Best word to describe the food would be yum-a-licious! The freshest, most tender, moistest chicken fingers you will ever have, along with a ridiculously nice staff and clean restaurant. I would definitely recommend the regular box: three chicken fingers, waffle fries, texas toast, and sauce. They make it when you order it and the food is so delicious! The chicken has a very light but flavorful batter and the chicken is just rockin' good. Try it please!
4	"Chick-fil-a is waaaay better and it's cheaper, why bother with R&R?"...because not everyone likes eating chicken that tastes gummy.This place is really good, but the only thing that bothers me is they close too early.  I wish they were open maybe an hour or two later, or open for lunch on Sunday.  I've missed getting to their restaurant for the past 3 weeks now because sometimes I'm not ready to eat before 7pm.
4	Tried this place for the first time on Friday. At first, I decided to get the two finger meal with a drink, but the owner convinced us to upgrade to the  special. (I hear he is pretty good about doing this to everyone!) The food came out quickly and was very hot. The chicken fingers tasted really good and I love that he serves waffle fries. Who doesn't love waffle fries? The amount of food was too much for me, but for th price you can't complain. The restaurant was very clean, but I have to say that the decor is dated!! I do feel that the owner should consider a different type of decor to make this place really stand out. All in all, it was a good lunch and I would definitely recommend this place to others. :0)
4	Update:Solid 4.5 stars.Have gone back 7 or 8 times total, and after my review mentioning the "alternate strips," they have served nothing but the GOOD ONES.Maybe they had to use a different source that one day, or I got a bad batch, or whatever.But since then, the strips have been PRIMO and everything there is fresh and fried heaven.Go try it - you'll like it !!!
5	I entered the restaurant and went to the counter to order and the owner was really friendly and wanted to get me the best deal... I ordered the Regular Box (Three chicken fingers, larger waffle fries, Texas toast, and a sauce I bought an extra sauce and they tossed in an extra finger...  I got the Special sauce and the Thai sweet chili sauce the owner told me to dip in both and it was really good... This was one hell of a good meal best chicken fingers I have had in Arizona and real deal waffle fries the whole meal was so good... I spoke with the owner for a bit and he was a down to earth guy running a family owned business so go support the a local business  owner and get a great meal well doing so.
5	Really really delightful experience at Rock-n-Doll Fingers.I never have too much luck with Yelp 4+ star place. If I was able to try it the first time, they were likely shitty; or if they were awesome, I would likely not able to enjoy them the first time I visit. This little place falls into the 2nd category.Drove there once, missed it due to the "family emergency".Luckily I live somewhat nearby, so actually went on purpose again on the way home. Totally not regretting it.First of all, this place was so grassroots looking that it so not appeared to me to be a fried chicken finger place, and looked almost slightly suspicious. I had to stare at that "open" light (because of the sunshine) for 5 sec and debating if it was open at all (on the other hand, I went in at a somewhat awkward time).The place is small, but very neat. And the cashier (I assume his the owner) was so POLITE! He thanked me like 3 times during my ordering process.Got a regular box to go, very reasonable price regarding the portion, food was ready pretty fast, and I received another appreciation from him. :)Immediately my car filled with the delightful smell. Ran back to try the chicken, Wow, I am not really a white meat person but it was warm, tender, juicy and flavorful! (I actually got four pieces) Since I did the to-go, missed the crispiness of the chicken and the fires. The fries could be better since I didn't care too much for the season on it (wasn't very evenly sprinkled). I could tell the toast was really good bread, but too much butter and bit too salty.The food is qualified for 4 stars but the service totally scored! Keep your awesome service and fingers, and work a bit more on the season sprinkle part lol.
5	This little joint serves nothing but chicken fingers, waffle fries, and texas toast (among a few other things) and they do it WELL!  The place is decorated with a bunch of old rock n roll memorabilia which I think is really cool and he even has an old jukebox in there!  The chicken fingers are in one word : AMAZING.  They are very lightly breaded and fried in trans fat free oil (I know still not the healthiest thing but they are GOOD) and they are moist and tender and juicy every time.  The waffle fries are the best compliment to the fingers and the selection of homemade sauces can't be beat (special sauce highly recommended)!  Overall this place is where you want to go when you are craving some of those delicious little chicken fingers that everyone loves!  Family owned and operated!  Oh and little tip, try to call to see if they are open, sometimes when business is slow they close early ;-)
3	I'd love to give this place more stars but with the limited menu, chicken    fingers, waffle fries and a salad as the whole menu I just can't. A good place for kids who like chicken fingers. Both bathrooms were out of service but i am sure that was a temporary thing.
5	I have to say I was quite impressed with how simple yet fantastically yummy my meal was. Chicken fingers, waffle fries, Texas toast, and some sauces to try out (house, bbq, thai chili, buffalo). The chicken fingers were cooked just right. The breading and seasoning were on point. As I do not like overly breaded or seasoned chicken strips. The meat wasn't overcooked at all. Each piece tasted different becuase I kept trying different sauces. I was told by the owner to double dip them in various combos and was quite pleased with how good their sauces tasted together! The waffle fries were good, fresh out the fryer. And the Texas toast was a nice compliment to the meal. Will I be going here all the time, no... Why? Only because I am trying to lose weight! Will this be the only place I go to for yummy chicken fingers and delicious sauce? Hell yes!
4	Great fingers, special sauce is tasty, guy behind counter is very friendly.  Decor is too kitschy
4	I came in for the first time today and was happily greeted by an employee who was so nice and offered much feedback on the food they offered. The food was fresh and I was ecstatic to see that the chicken fingers were not overly breaded. It was cooked perfectly and the sauces complimented the chicken very well. (I got an assortment of sauces.) I will definitely be back the next time I have a craving for chicken fingers.
5	dude these chicken fingers are the bomb. I would go back in a heart beat. I got regular fries though, and im not 100% sold on them yet. I would rather have some waffle fries, but... what are ya gonna do.P.S. their special sauce was pretty dope. 5 stars.
4	Very impressed by this place!  Plenty of classic rock and roll nostalgiac decor throughout this small place.  Very generous size portions, reasonably priced, and great customer service.  On a side note, the bathrooms have a sign that says "out of order", but they really aren't.  Apparently he liks to keep them clean, and has had problems with the younger crownd trashing them.
5	Alright, I found this place through Yelp and I am SO glad my fellow Yelpers came through for me on this.When I pulled up to this place, I wasn't expecting much at all. They have chicken fingers, fries, and a special sauce that is to die for.Honestly, the portions were huge for the amount you pay and everything is cooked to order. I was so happy and I cannot wait to go back again. I LOVE this place!
5	This place is amazing! Friendly service and just plain great chicken! Definitely going back
5	My second visit to Rock n' Roll Fingers was just as awesome as my first. Two words come to mind when I think of this place:Fresh & FlavorfulSeriously, everything is awesome here and I can't imagine anyone disliking it. Nearby? Stop in, you won't regret it.
5	How have I not reviewed Rock'n'Roll fingers yet? I come here every other week, and have never been disappointed. I always get the regular plate with the BBQ sauce.- The chicken fingers: I read elsewhere in these reviews that they aren't "crispy", and that is absolutely correct! They AREN'T crispy. They're breaded and fried, but in such a way that the chicken is so moist, so fresh, the breading is simply there for a bit of texture.- The fries: they could easily be frozen fries, but you know what, they're delicious and go perfectly with the fingers. They are seasoned as well, which helps a ton!- The Texas toast: ... it's Texas toast. What more needs to be said? YUM!- The sauces: While they push their special sauce, and the special sauce IS good, I just love their BBQ sauce. I don't know if it's in-house or not, but their fingers just go so well with the BBQ... and that's saying a lot since I'm more a chicken+ranch kind of girl!This place isn't gourmet. This place isn't fancy. It's a bit cheap on the inside, and has small games at the booths for entertainment. It's a bit pricier than you would expect, but you also get a heaping plate full of food. The folks in there are friendly and recognize familiar faces.I say disregard the few negative reviews here. If you like chicken fingers and fries, you will leave 110% satisfied. I promise.
4	I was searching for a place to eat for lunch and came upon Rock-n-Roll Fingers on Yelp.  The restaurant is a small little shop that only sells chicken fingers, but what they lack in variety is aggrandized in taste.  The chicken fingers were perfect: not too much breading, not too much salt, very juicy and a large size for each chicken piece.  They offer multiple sauces to go with the chicken.  Such examples include Thai sweet, buffalo, honey mustard, bbq, and a "special" sauce that I have yet to try.  The buffalo sauce and the bbq sauce were both pretty good.  The bbq sauce is more on the tangy side rather than sweet.  We had the standard cut fries, which were your basic standard cut fries, albeit dusted with some seasoned salt.  Service was warm and friendly.  They are currently offering a new customer special where if you bring in a new customer, or if you are a new customer, they will give you an extra chicken piece.  One thing to note is that if you use credit card, they will add on 75 cents to your bill.
5	The secret sauce is amazing. The chicken is high quality and tasty. The owner, Alan, is a nice guy. Always makes sure the customers are happy and you can tell he actually likes his job. I have been eating here for about 3 years and have never had a bad meal.
5	Yup. Pretty awesome. I mean... if you want chicken fingers, this is the place to go...
5	Best chicken fingers in town! Rock n roll themed; records on the wall, rock n roll music playing, games like checkers battleship on the tables to play.
5	Delicious chicken fingers and awesome service! I ordered a 50 finger party platter for a work party and everyone raved about them. It's really good quality chicken and  the dipping sauces are delicious - we got special, ranch, honey mustard and buffalo.  They also made us the platter last minute and it was very affordable.
4	Stopped by here after leaving the airport on a long flight from Atlanta.  Wanted something quick and found this place hide high reviews in our area.  We ordered 3 chicken fingers plates with drinks...came out to about $31.  Owner was very cool and asked us how we found the place, I guess he could tell we were from out of town.  About the food, I didn't eat much because my stomach was a little upset, but my girlfriend and daughter ate all of their meals.  They are both "dippers" so they had a blast trying all the sauces out.  I think the owner threw in a couple for free.  The food was hot, chicken tasted fresh (I think I have made similar at home though).  Fries were less than mediocre, definitely frozen, didn't have that fresh potato taste.  It is a decent place to eat but since I don't live in PHX I doubt I will return.I also wondered why both restrooms would be out of order too...
4	Juciest white meat I've ever had. I was incredibly surprised by how juicy it was. Great sauces. I will be back.
4	We just recently moved in the area and was searching Yelp for restaurants in the area. I had never heard of a place that just did chicken strips. Sounded really good and had good reviews. We first went during spring break and they were closed for the spring break week. So I was bummed but understood. The next week we went again. The man taking care of the front was very nice. I liked how the place was decorated with rock n roll stuff and playing great music. They even had travel size games at the tables to play while waiting for your order, which did not take long at all. It was our first time so we got sum free strips and dipping sauces! The chicken was very good! So fresh tasting! The fries, texas toast, and dipping sauce were very good also. I'm definitely gonna make more trips back :-)
5	RnR Fingers is the real deal. I saw a couple of reviews comparing it to Raising Canes and I just want to say that recently The Phoenix New times put the two establishments head to head in an all out chicken finger battle to the death, and RnR Fingers emerged victorious. I'm not from Tempe. I don't live in Tempe. Heck, I'm not even really a big fan of Tempe. But my boyfriend used to live in Tempe and we were in the area and he asked me, "have you ever tried Rock N Roll Fingers"? I was intrigued. I love chicken fingers. I love almost anything that comes with sauce for dippin'. We were starving so he suggested we go in for lunch. We were greeted warmly by a guy who I now know as the owner. The owner was friendly and he and my boyfriend cracked a couple of jokes. Their little chalkboard special was a free chicken finger added to your meal for bringing in a friend or new customer. I had no idea what their portions were like, and since I was so hungry I opted for the extra meat. You get 1 free sauce with your meal, so I got the bbq and paid 50 cents extra for a cup of the house special sauce.  We sat down at one of the tables, and played a game of connect 4. Then our plates came out. Holy Moly! The plate was HUGE! The chicken fingers were plump and juicy and the batter that they use was crunchy and delicious. I really loved their special sauce.  Hungry as I was I couldn't even finish the whole thing. I ended up taking 2 fingers and most of my fries home with me. I left feeling happy and full. The owner wished us a good day and thanked us for coming in. I have been back to RnR fingers many times since then and it was all because our first experience was so good. Each time I have been back the service and food quality was just as good as I remember it being on my first visit. Consistency is a thing I think a lot of restaurants have a problem maintaining, and because of it they lose customers. Rock N Roll fingers keeps it real, each and every time.Look dudes, I have been to Raising Canes. It's good. I'm not going to sit here and pretend I don't like it just because I'm writing a glowing review for RnR Fingers. But If you want to compare RnR fingers to it's main chicken finger competitor, here's where Raising Canes misses their mark:1. Sauces- You have ONE option for dipping sauces? Seriously? Oh, I'm sorry... you also have ketchup. Cool. NOT! Raising Canes gives you the option of special sauce, special sauce, special sauce, or ketchup. RnR Fingers has at least 6 different sauces you can choose from. 2. Service- RC is a revolving door of young kids who don't care about their jobs. At RnR fingers, he is passionate about his business and is genuinely grateful for your patronage.3. Consistency- Each experience I've had at RC has differed from the previous. Either my food didn't taste the same, the portions were different, or the service was lackluster. At RnR fingers I have had the same quality food and service each and every visit. I know what I'm getting when I walk in there, and I like that. My only criticism (if I'm going to compare the two) of RnR fingers is that RC has better garlic bread. Not the garlic sauce itself, just the bread. It tastes more like fresh baked bread than the texas toast you get at RnR. But I don't go there for the bread, I go there for the chicken. And the Chicken is delicious.
5	Great place. A Friend at work suggested it and I was surprised at how excited my fellow foodie got about chicken strips. I mean they are just chicken strips right? WRONG! I was amazed by the quality of the chicken. Thin layer of breading and really high quality chicken cooked in clean canola. The owner operator is super friendly and cool, always takes a minute to sts. To be honest he could use some counter help.
5	Wow!!! This chicken was cooked to perfection, best chicken fingers I've err had!!
3	I went here yesterday for linner with the BF  after trying to go here the day before and finding they were closed an extra day for memorial day....boo! Anyway, we both got the small plate but were each given an extra chicken finger. We waited a long time for our food....too long for chicken fingers in my opinion, especially being that we were the only people in the restaurant. The food was decent, I tried the buffalo and sweet chili sauces...the buffalo was good, but could have been a bit spicier, the chili was not my fave....too goopy and sweet. The chicken was moist, but didn't have a lot of crunch. The fries were just regular fries (no waffle!). No Texas toast. I just felt like, although the food was alright, it isn't anything that would make me want to return....I can just go to Chik Fil A and get tastier chicken. Sorry guys!
5	Oh god. The fingers. I award stars based on the context of the restaurant. For a fast/fried food place, this place reigns supreme. I found it on Yelp and I'm so glad I suggested it to the office because holy crap can Alan fry up some chicken. I love that the breading is light and simple; you're not eating through eight inches of batter. You get right down to business. Meaty, delicious, tender, fresh business. Their chicken is never frozen which goes a LONG way when it comes to quality frying. It's flavorful and fantastic. And whatever their special sauce is (I've heard it referred to as "fry sauce" by Utahans?) really works.The texas toast is a great touch and the fries are above average, though I'm pretty sure they're frozen and doctored with a bit of seasoned salt kind of flavoring.Overall, the price is right, the location is CLEAN (and apparently habitually so if you see they've aced their past dozen+ inspections) and the service is friendly, even if Alan is run ragged a bit during the rush.I wish they were open past 7pm, and I've been hit by an odd day off here and there but we keep coming back because it's just freakin' delicious.
5	These are hands down the best chicken fingers I've ever had. Get the "special sauce." Get a second; it's worth it. They use a recipe developed in Alabama. I live in the northwest valley and I'm kind of glad. Because if I lived in Tempe, I'd be 15-20 lbs heavier because I'd be gorging myself at this place once a week.
5	I love this place, best chicken fingers in Arizona!
3	The food is good but the hours are so weird it's not even worth it after countless times of disappointment. Now that it's summer the owner limited the hours even more. Idk how he even makes money..maybe hire more employee's.. The owner is nice sometimes but there has been way to many where he acts like your bothering him by ordering and then it's like he feels bad and is overly nice when your food comes out.
5	Best chicken fingers I've had.  Other options in the Valley can get close (i.e. Raising Cane's) but this place is unparalleled.This is a really small place, about as local as it gets - so feel good about spending your money here!  Talk up the owner and bring your friends - he'll hook you up with extra sauce or an extra finger.
2	I came into this place with high expectations. Boy was I disappointed, over-priced chicken fingers. Felt like chicken tenderloins that were put in oil. For the price, not worth it.
5	Rock n Roll Fingers is one of a kind. Honestly has the greatest chicken fingers I've ever tasted. Juicy, crunchy, and absolutely to die for. The waffle fries are really unique too with a special seasoning the owner dusts on all of them. The Texas toast is nothing short of great either. The owner is very friendly and usually hooks customers up with an extra finger or sauce if you bring friends. He's always really grateful for your business because it's a family owned business.Not open on Sundays: so don't expect to go here for a hangover cure. Bring cash so you don't have to pay an extra 75 cents to use your credit/debit card.
5	I normally don't write reviews, but when you have a small business that honestly appreciates their customers and provides good food, I had to break my silence.  Our team at work today was looking for something besides the usual sandwich routine for lunch.  We didn't have a lot of time, so I opened yelp to search take-out to see if it generated any ideas.  That is when I discovered this hidden oasis of fresh chicken fingers!    I had high hopes, as I would have been irritated if we received the run of the mill "nugget.". Well, this place did not disappoint.  My co-workers all commented on how fresh it all tasted and loved the seasoning on the generous portion of waffle fries along with the wonderful piece of Texas toast that was also included.To quote my co-worker, "we will need to make this our go to spot for chicken!"
4	Great chicken fingers, tender and right amount of crisp. Owner could not be nicer and the sauces are great too
5	Yum! What a great local place. The restaurant is family owned and operated so the service is friendly and warm. The chicken fingers are dipped in a great batter and servers warm, I suggest the buffalo and special sauce. Then you also get a big piece if Texas toast! This is exactly how chicken fingers are supposed to taste. I can't wait to come back. Check this place out you won't regret it!!
5	This place is awesome. It has good music and great food. The chicken fingers are huge. They're nice and crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The Texas toast is awesome as well and the waffle cut fries are always good. The special sauce is good on chicken or fries. I normally get buffalo style fingers so I get ranch for them. My coworkers and I heard about this place from another coworker and gave it a shot. Do the same and you'll be happy you did. Make sure to get the word out about this place since the city doesn't really allow them to put put A-frame signs on th street to advertise and it's not that easy to notice while driving by. The place has only been pretty busy one of the 4 times I've been here. Every other time there was plenty of seating. I would assume there is normally plenty of seating and that all the tables being full only happens from time to time during the week. The only thing I would change about the place is change out the coke for Pepsi (I'm a big Pepsi fan). I can't complain though because the food is great, you get what you pay for and that is an awesome meal that is different from the normal fast food burgers a lot of my coworkers want for lunch.
5	this place is wonderful. it's family owned and usually stays open til 7. on occassion, there will be a wait, but it is SO worth it. i am obsessed with chicken fingers, and these BY FAR, have got to be my favorite in tempe (yes, even above the beloved tenders at four peaks). i would recommend getting your tenders buffalo style with the sweat and sour sauce... but i've tried all combos, and they are all delicious, it just depends on what flavor you feel like that day. I LOVE THIS PLACE.
5	I moved to Tempe about 8 months ago. Previous to moving, I researched good restaurants in the area. Rock-N-Roll Fingers was among them with an excellent rating. So I tried it out and it is as good as everyone says. The chicken is crispy and meaty, the fries and well seasoned and the Texas toast is by far the best out there. This place is perfect. Also the main guy who owns it is awesome. He too is from Chicago like me, so we have a good talk every time I am in there. He also usually gives me an extra finger and more fries, which is awesome. Overall, I recommend this place to everyone, sure its not super healthy, but its super delicious and worth it. Will be going back there constantly!!!
5	Way better than Raising Cane's. My boyfriend works at Raising Cane's chicken strips and one day we found out about this place, and wanted to compare the food. We walked in, and were greeted by the owner who took our order and asked if it was our first time. We told him it was, and he recommended the special, which came with 3 tenders(i'm pretty sure), toast, waffle fries and your choice of sauce.They have their special sauce, ranch, barbecue, a tangy sweet/sour sauce, and a honey mustard sauce to chose from. We both went with the special sauce to compare it to Cane's. When we sat a the table to wait, there were mini Connect4 games there waiting for us to play with while we waited for our food. What an awesome idea!!We got our food fast, and it was hot! Our plates were loaded, and it looked and smelled delicious. The owner gave us each two extra tenders to try on the house, which were dipped in wing sauce. They were out of this world. He also gave us one of each kind of sauce to try. Rock-n-Roll Fingers' special sauce tasted almost identical to the sauce at Raising Canes, but it was a little thicker in consistency, and just tasted better. The regular chicken tenders were heavenly! I prefer their breading to Cane's, as it was lighter and crispier, and the chicken was wayyy juicier here. The waffles fries were to die for, and so was the Texas toast.If you're a fan of Raising Cane's, you have got to try Rock-n-Roll Fingers. You will never eat at Cane's again. You don't need to take my word for it, go try it for yourself!
4	Better then decent chicken fingers.  Small place with no atmosphere.  The coating on the chicken is light and not greasy.  Special sauce really good- better then I thought it would be. Waffle cut fries are tasty too with seasoning salt.  Definitely worth a trip.
5	Good portion, hot and fresh, chicken was juicy and very tasty. The large plate should come with two sauces.
5	I came to this place, because I had chicken strips on my mind all morning, and came here after reading all the great reviews. I LOVE chicken strips, I think I could live off them. So I came here, the place was small, (which is good) and was helped by a guy who was very nice. He explained to me that is family owned, and how fresh the chicken was. At this point, I couldn't wait to get to my food! I ordered the regular box buffalo style, and he even threw in an extra chicken strip! He also gave me extra dipping sauce (thai chili) which he said goes good with buffalo. I ate my meal and it was like heaven in my mouth. The chicken, the fries the sauce, the service. Everything was excellent! I just wish they could stay open later. Great Place!
5	Great food and great staff!
4	Chicken's awesome here! So moist and tender. Their Texas Toast and fries were so crispy and very good. I deducted 1 star since the service was very slow. The place only had one guy running the front and cooking up the food. But no matter, I'll definitely be back.
5	I've said it b4 an ill say it again, some of the best chicken fingers I've ever had, I love this family owned chicken place!!!! Rock and roll fingers ROCK!!!
5	Rock-n-Roll fingers is one of the best places in town if you ask me.   It's some of the best chicken fingers that I've ever had - not that I''m an authority or anything, but these are my favorite.  The chicken strips are super moist but not soggy, and they are usually BIG.  Two of them plus fries is more than enough for me usually, and it costs about $6.  One of the best parts about this place is the owner.  He's almost always working the cash register, and he's just a super nice, hard ass working guy.  He's always been pleasant to talk too, and he makes you feel like a regular after just a visit or two.  He'll even dip one of your strips in the buffalo sauce if you want just one thats spicy - I recommend it!  All in all its good people making great food.
4	Awesome flavor found in big juicy chicken strips coupled w/ an order of fries and you can't go wrong. Awesome little joint!
1	Overly priced for chicken fingers which are  nothing great at all. Canes for the win.
5	I almost cried when I found out Rock n' Roll fingers had closed!  This place without a doubt had the best chicken fingers and fries I have ever had.  Always super fresh chicken with crispy fries and toast.  Their signature peppery dipping sauce was amazing!  The best part was the owner (co-owner) Alan who, even though I lived in another STATE always remembered my name when I came in a few times a year to eat.  I will miss this place very much and am now forced to go to Raising Cane's which is also good but not like this place.  I hope they re-open some day!
