5	When I hire a plumbing company to come into my house I evaluate their performance on a number of criteria. I have listed these below with details of how Flo-Pro Plumbing performed in the various areas. The service I requested involved both the installation of a water softener and a Reverse Osmosis Water system. Quality of work- First off, I am not a plumber nor am I educated on this area so take my opinion with a grain of salt. They seemed exceptionally knowledgeable and explained very well what they were doing and why it was necessary. In addition they provided both care and maintenance instructions for my water softener and reverse osmosis system. Cost- Not knowing much about the costs, I compared prices and gathered estimates prior to hiring these guys. I found Flo Pro to be 30 to 50 percent cheaper then the other Vegas plumbing companies for the same job. Cleanliness - Maybe it was me looking over their shoulder as they worked or maybe it is just their standard operating procedure to clean everything very very thoroughly, but none the less give credit where credit is due. They left both areas of my house they worked in very clean after the job. On Time- They arrived early and sat in a company car until the time of my appointment at which time they came to my door. I love that a company in this industry didn't give me a 5 hour window or an appointment and show up 30 min late. Attitude - As mentioned early they were very knowledgeable but also both employees had a very pleasant, polite and courteous attitude. I couldn't have been more impressed with Flo-Pro Plumbing. They started as a random plumbing company but they have created a loyal customer in me and I highly recommend them to anyone who needs plumbing service.
5	Great job and great service from Edgar! Definitely will recommend him to all my family and friends.
5	I called Flo-Pro to get a water softener installed and a reverse osmosis filter on my kitchen sink. The job was done in a couple of hours.  Edgar definitely knows what he's doing and he's very professional.  He's also an honest guy and don't have to worry about him trying to sell you unnecessary stuff.  Definitely a 5 star service.  I will definitely call Flo-Pro for all my plumbing needs.
