4	Awesome food, good service, "industrial" decor is pretty meh (high ceilings, pretty empty, "cold," not much atmosphere). Surprisingly good prices though (relatively speaking) especially the wine list.The first few steps into the place aren't going to set the scene/mood for a great romantic date, but the food is spot on and value for money is probably the best in the city for this caliber of restaurant. Not as heavy as chasse et peche, but just as delicious.
1	Lousy customer service, they lost our reservation and refused to accommodate us. How disappointing considering the pedigree of the ownership.   This would have never happened at Le Filet or Chasse et Peche.
5	Perfect service and incredible food at Le Serpent.We went there tonight and the experience was really good. Restaurant just opened couple weeks ago and everything detail is just good. I would only like more info on the wine selection. Le Filet and Chasse et Peche still on top of my list...but this one is going to be a top 10 in Montreal
4	Cool new resto. Food was awesome- great lobster risotto, beet salad, rabbit agnolotti. Reasonable prices. Decor is industrial- could have benefitted from some mood lighting and comfy chairs. Overall, a great meal for good price. Would return again.
3	Le serpent does not live up to the reputation of its cousins, Le Filet and Chasse et Peche, however neither do the prices. I've eaten here twice, once for lunch which was pretty good and on another occasion for dinner which was somewhat disappointing. The atmosphere is lively and modern and the menu is full of creative and beautifully presented dishes. However, they were off the mark on a couple of areas. Together with my friends we had the opportunity to sample a selection of dishes most of which were good. However, there were a couple of major short comings. One was a pasta dish that we shared. The dish was so salty that it would have been impossible for one person to have eaten the entire plate. When we mentioned this to our server I didn't get the impression that it really registered. The other menu item that was questionable was the octopus. The Octopus should have been the highlight of the dish, but it was buried in a highly acidic garnish that completely over powered the flavour of the octopus. Of note is that they have a daily rotisserie special which is well worth ordering.
5	Italian food with Asian ingredient inspiration, perfect combination. Sweet service, contemporary industry design, total Griffintown style .
4	This place is solid! The service was good, the menu was diverse and very interesting, the decor is nice. We went with a group of ten and everybody loved their food!!! My boyfriend is a vegetarian and his food was perfect!! He normally always finds something wrong and he didn't. I had the lobster lasagna omg omg omg it was perfect .
4	Arty, minimal, modern atmosphere. AKA don't dress like a slob. Plates are elegantly presented and food options are minimal but seasonally on point. More seasonal than cultural in taste, I guess you can describe it as Modern North American... I'm not a foodie... A range of salads, soup, fish dishes and meat too. I enjoyed it.
4	Odd location but good food. The space is not well marked. It almost feels like you are entering an underground club. The decor is industrial but the space is comfortable. The staff was very knowledgeable about the menu and helpful. We started with oysters, followed by a lobster risotto for me and Cornish hen with roasted vegetables for my husband. Everything was delicious. The wine list was different than most. Very nice.
4	Love the discreet entrance and artsy feel. The oysters were fabulous and great wine selection. We had the oxtail lasagna which was good but not outstanding hence the 4* vs 5.
4	From first impressions the restaurant feels like a garage , very little decorations and whop la , I respect the fact that they stand on their creative mixture of Italian n French cuisine . The staff very friendly and courteous, the food  amazing combinations.!!! Please look pics , everything tastes amazing great place to eat n go out afterwards....
5	A culinary experience indeed!  Minimalistic decor on the inside of the restaurant.  And, you can barely see the sign from the outside. The food speaks for itself.  Lots of flavors and spices and pairing of different flavors of  foods.  If your a foodie, you have to try this place.  The food is off the hook!
3	Went to Le Serpent in Dec 2014 for office xmas dinner. It's a cool place with industrial look. Make sure you look for the small sign outside, otherwise you might end up passing by it. Not cool when the city is in the middle of a snow storm ( *wink wink)Food is good, pretty diverse for this kind of restaurant, however I found portions to be pretty small. $30 for 2 medium size veal medallions as main dish..meh. I find it expensive if you get just the main dish without entree + appetizer.Service was good, can't complain. Overall a good place, but not the kind of restaurant where you want to go with an empty stomach unless you're ready to dish out 50-60$ for entree, appetizer and main dish. Not impressed. Fancy
