5	I was helping my friend move and we came to her storage.  It is a nice, big storage center in the southwest at the south end of Jones blvd; it is very clean and at a good temperature; as far as storage areas go I think it's a great one.
1	Very poor customer service with an attitude...always rude when you are asking about what they charge. I dont recommend them at all
5	The staff is friendly.  The facility has a truck available to tenants.  Climate controlled units. I recommend this company to my friends and family.
1	I visited yesterday to look for a storage unit. The sign outside indicates a number of sizes available and rates. I walked in and asked for a rate sheet. The girl at the front desk stated that she did not have one, but that she would write down the rates of the sizes I was interested in. Me: "How significantly different are the 5x7 and the 7x10?"Her: "About 2 feet."What?Here are several options for what I would consider to be appropriate responses:1. A lot of people get the 5x7, but end up deciding it's too small and upgrade to the 7x10.or2. Let's talk about what you plan to store and we can help determine what size is best for you.or 3. Why don't we go look at them and you can get a feel for what the sizes mean.I didn't need a math lesson. I can do math. I needed simple common courtesy or even basic customer service. I told her that her answer was rude and started to turn to walk out because if service starts off poor, I am not going to stay. I turned to look at her again, and she had a look of shock on her face. I told her that was basic math, and that I could do math. She continued to look surprised and defended her glib, non-service oriented answer. Perhaps I should lower my expectations for service. She was working the front desk at a storage unit. She probably didn't go through years of customer service training. I don't know. I just know that when it starts bad, it's going to be bad. I won't be going back and will be checking out other options in the neighborhood.
5	Amazing is all i can say. Good rates and the free truck they let you use on move-in/move-out is huge. Climate controlled, great safety, and available 24/7 access is awesome.
