4	This casual, rustic style restaurant exceeded our expectations. The food was good and well priced and quick to our table. Our server was clearly new to the role but by no means sub par - she put a lot of effort into making sure we had everything we needed (we tipped her 25% because of her attitude). All in all a great experience. The appetizer of baked Brie and wild berries sounded great, however we didn't order it. The chicken tacos were excellent with a mango salsa and the smothered chicken was very homey. No dessert for us. This is a good place for groups and/or children - it has an average noise level and plenty of space.
4	Rustic, casual, not a huge wait on Sat. night . Cute outdoorSeating Area with a large fireplace. Not expensive and good wine and bar service  Had the trio with chips-great guacamole, decent pimento cheese.Fish taco's were good.Flatbread pizza, so , soOver all- higher ceiling make for a loud experience but many television make the bar a happening place
5	Great food & great service! Jordan & Amy were fantastic servers...ask for them, they will definately take care of you!Food was yummy. We started with cheese sticks, they were not greasy at all, and more of them than some other places. The fish tacos were wonderful, and the portion was huge...a crunchy shell inside a soft tortilla, and correct proportion of fish to veggies, guacamole was yummy but my favorite part was the spicy sauce they put on. My table also tried the chicken quesadilla, and it was also well received. I was hugely impressed with the variety on the kids menu and the amount of food was enough for my 1 & 3 year old to split...they had the cheeseburger (which was 2 sliders) and mac & cheese, and the meal also included a drink & ice cream, all for $5! We will xefinately be back, and most certainly will sit in Jordan's section again!
4	A friend and I decided to grab dinner and drinks on a Tuesday after work, and after seeing pictures of the patio on their Facebook page, we knew that's where we wanted to be!At 6 p.m., the patio was maybe half full, and I appreciated the options of high top tables, low top tables, and comfy looking couches in front of the TVs and fireplace.  We chose a low top table, which was really comfortable.  Overall, I felt like I was hanging out on a friend's patio - it didn't feel "restauranty."  Our waitress was really nice and helpful; she could've gotten to us just a smidgen faster, but we weren't in a hurry, so I didn't mind.  Tuesday are half off glasses of wine, so we had a couple of glasses.  For dinner, I ordered the raspberry fields salad - the chicken tasted fresh and warm, which was a nice juxtaposition to the cold salad greens and fruit.  My friend got the firecracker shrimp tacos, which she said were really good . I thought they looked pretty interesting since it was a hard shell taco wrapped in a soft shell taco, and the shrimp were HUGE.  It came with black beans and rice, and there wasn't much left, so I guess she did like it!Overall, I think it's a great addition to Ballantyne, and I really hope it makes it since many others haven't.  It seems like a nice, casual, restaurant with a lower price point than Vine (which is right across the street), and I'm excited to go back.
4	I'm always glad when a new restaurant opens. It reminds me of how much Charlotte has to offer and it just keeps getting better. Went here the first weekend it was open. The server was wonderful. She was funny and helpful and didn't let you wait. The food was okay. The bard area was pretty great and the deck looked like someplace I would love to hang out if the TV's were off for just a little while. We'll be back, but this time for appetizers and deck time.
2	I hate to give this place a meh review with all the nice people working there but the food is just plain blah. I love the decor & the feel of the place. Definitely reminded my husband & I of his grandparent's cabin on a lake. I guess I would give them another try but it will be a while.
5	A coworker and I decided to try this place for lunch and I'm so glad we did! It's delicious and the service was wonderful. My coworker got the meatloaf and had to take 1/2 of it home. Huge serving and was so good. I got the Fire shrimp wrap and their 'boom-boom' sauce absolutely made it. Do yourself a favor and order the fried pickles as an app, too. I can't wait to go back!
4	I was in Charlotte for business and to visit family.  We decided to try Stone Mountain since it had recently opened and is near my family home.  The atmosphere was fantastic.  We sat outside on the patio which is decorated like a cabin.  There are large TVs, a fireplace, and cozy couches.  We started with the spicy shrimp appetizer.  It was delicious.  They serve the same shrimp in their tacos- which I plan on trying the next time. My dining partner ordered the wings and loved them.   I ordered a flat bread pizza.  The pizza was not that great.  It was soggy and all of the toppings slid off of the pizza.  I am not one to complain.  Especially, since I was not sure if that was just how it was supposed to be and I ordered poorly.  I am giving this restaurant 4 stars because (I wish I could remember his name and position) a gentleman came to our table as we were nearing the end of our meal and had asked how my pizza was.  I was honest and nice as I explained.  He stated that they were new to making the "hearth baked" pizzas and the dough is made fresh daily and they were having trouble with the dough rising and cooking crisp.  He apologized and stated that they had eliminated pizza from the menu for the remainder of the evening since they were having trouble.  He removed the pizza from our bill and gave us free appetizer cards to use on our next visit.  As someone who eats out often, I appreciate this service.  I appreciate anyone that can admit a mistake and apologize.  I did not have to complain or bring it to his attention.  The restaurant noticed the mistake and took the initiative to still ensure our evening was pleasant.  I would absolutely go back to this restaurant.  The food that had been made correctly was amazing and they, clearly, have a great staff who take pride in food and service.
2	I hate to give a new restaurant a bad review, but my boyfriend and I went there last night for his birthday, and were expecting a better experience than we got. First of all, they did have delicious fried pickles, which were even better dipped in our requested honey mustard. However, the service, the food, and the one drink I ordered were all mediocre at best.Our server was very sweet, but after she told my boyfriend they did not have a beer menu yet, and she couldn't even think of any of their beers off the top of her head, she did not make any effort to find out what kind of beer he liked and/or find out what beers they offered. I had ordered a Patron margarita, which tasted watered down and bland.For our entrees, I ordered the Sonoma chicken sandwich, which tasted good, but wasn't anything I couldn't make at home. My side of broccoli was only warm, not hot.My boyfriend ordered the sunrise burger, which had a sunny-side-up egg. The egg had way too much of that undercooked clear, slimy consistency, which my boyfriend carefully scraped off, and his fries were undercooked and under-seasoned as well.Our dessert was the brownie sundae, which was very dry on the outside, but luckily pretty moist on the inside. It could've been warmer to contrast the cold ice cream. But in their defense, I am picky about brownie sundaes.On top of everything, they don't do anything special for birthdays. I understand some places don't, but I really think a seemingly upperclass restaurant like this should at least put a candle on our dessert.Probably won't try this place again anytime soon, which is unfortunate because we could tell they put a lot of work and time into the interior decor.
4	I stopped into SMG the other day to grab a quick lunch on my way to a meeting.  It was well past the typical busy lunch rush when I arrived so I was seated immediately.Since I was in a hurry, I asked my server about 2 of the salads I was considering & she recommended the spinach with goat cheese & salmon so I went with that.Unfortunately, I didn't notice on the menu that it includes red onion , which I detest... But I was going to try to pick it out. However, this was a challenenge because the onion was diced really tiny & it was mixed all through the salad...not just on the top. My server saw me struggling & offered to remake it...I initially told her no because it was my fault I didn't order it without. But she insisted and said that there were too many onions for me to pick out and that I would not be able to enjoy the salad. She was right...the new salad that came out with no onions was perfect!The Salmon was cooked just right...a bit on the rare side like I requested.  And even though they re-made my salad, I was still out in 30 mins which was good given my schedule.I was very pleased with the menu selection, quality of food, and service.  My only complaint was the loud music... I felt like the volume was "nightclub level" not business lunch appropriate.
1	Great patio area with TVs and fireplace, but service is terrible. There was a dirty plate and glass left on table next to is for over an hour as other sat on the couches. People were complaining all around us. On Saturday night they had some sit com on instead of a football game. Left without eating dinner due to poor service.
4	I live in the Ballantyne area so it is nice to see that this building that has been abandoned for a good 3+ years finally has some life to it! My husband and I have been there 3 times by ourselves, with friends and with my mother. Each experience was differnt but pretty good in my opinion. Every new place will have some humps along the way and the beer menu and some servers are things that need some fine tweeking. I have had the Jerk Chicken tacos and the Fish tacos both are STUFFED and any normal person could get full off of just one but they serve you two. The tacos have been my favorite dish so far having a hard shell taco wrapped in a flour tortilla and good side choices if you dont want the beans and rice that come with it. We have also had the Buffalo chicken dip which I have made myself at home but have gotten on 2 sperate visits because its that good. Good food, decent prices for the area, but some work needed on the bar (beer choices and menu also training staff on what differnt type drinks available). Lots of this can just be ironed out after expierence. Glad to have a new place in the neighborhood!!Oh and I almost forgot, when it gets warmer they have an Awesome outdoor area!
1	Maybe I was just in the wrong place.  I had a completely different experience from most other reviewers.  If what I had today was representative the normal here Stone Mountain will follow in the footsteps of its predecessors.  The place itself is fine.  Not much different than Flat Rock.  Our service was also fine, no complaints in that department.The menu seems great with a lot to choose from.  Burgers, wraps, sandwiches, plenty of entrees.  I ordered the Chicken Tortilla Soup which was flat out nasty.  Not sure if this was premade or made in house but it was so overspiced it was metallic tasting.   They could not have tasted it prior to sending it out or else anyone with any slight culinary ability would have rejected it.  I also ordered the Sonoma Chicken Sandwich,  I have never been to Sonoma but the town of Sonoma definitely has a lawsuit on their hands for misrepresentation.  Bland, flavorless and completely lacking imagination.  It had the most awful guacamole on top and the chicken breast was supposed to be blackened which after tasting the over seasoned soup I was shocked that the sandwich was completely void of any blackened flavor.  The sandwich was served with ice cold fries which were quickly replaced by our server with the chefs apologies.  Sweetie had the California Veggie Wrap which was also described as lacking flavor.  She asked our server for some chipotle mayo to see if she could jazz up the blandness to no avail.  Someone else at my table ordered the same thing and wound up dipping the wrap in their bowl of overspiced soup just to try and add some flavor.In order to make it in this area you have to have great food.  Stone Mountain, on this visit fell way short of my expectations and I will not be back for a second try.
5	We recently tried the new restaurant that opened up in the Ballantyne area that hosts plenty of good eating choices. The menu is great with tons of good choices that will have us coming back. Food was delicious. Nicely decorated and good bar scene and we had very good service w/o being rushed. Menu changes to more limited selections after 10pm but even that seemed to offer good choices but we ate off regular menu. They have a 20% off coupon on their website to attract traffic while they are new...take advantage!
3	The first thing that we learned is we needed to have our mind right on what kind of place this is...we we're looking for a date night place and learned that it's not a substitute for local faves like 131 Main or Vine...this place is more like a bar...we would think about Stone when we look to go out to Duckworths, Fox and Hound or Hickory Tavern.Once we got past what it's not and what it is (which took us a while to do), we enjoyed our dinners.The service was decent, food was tasty and reasonably priced.  Definitely get the 20 percent coupon by signing up for their email club...not sure how long that promo is going on for, but worth the try.This place isn't healthy...even the salad had fried potato strings on it...with cheese and bacon...but I'm sure there's a couple of dishes for those watching calories.Like the other reviewers, it was loud (especially during game time) but the bar area looks like a lot of fun for that activity.  While the dining room had tons of families and kids, which is great for this area.Net is that this is not a date night place...We would return with the right mindset, lunch and enjoy the patio and catching a game.Agree with other reviewers...great to see another option like this in the hood and hope it thrives!
1	SMG seems like a very similar  concept to the restaurant  that failed before it. I went there last night and was disappointed. I was really hoping to be surprised. The service was poor and the food not very good. I really hope they can turn it around. Don't want to see the space empty again.
4	We came here with a group of 8 on a Friday night and were able to make reservations on their site through Open Table which was very convenient. We were sat right away. They didn't have a beer menu, but I was able to get an Angry Orchard cider. It was served with a chilled glass, but from a can. I'm weird about cider in a can, because I think it tastes like a can, so I think that should have been told to me from the beginning, but it was ok. I ordered a burger with cheese and fries. It came out hot and was really good. Not the best burger ever, but still very tasty and I do recommend it. They have a frequent diners club that you can sign up for and get 20% off your first bill minus alcohol. It was a great thing for first time diners like us.
2	The service was fantastic, but it was the the worst ribeye I have ever eaten. Extremely fatty, chewy and complete flavorless. I hate giving bad reviews, but this place can't serve steaks this bad and stay open.
5	Friday night and a good crowd in the dining room, the bar and the outside patio with fireplace. Impressed by the menu with everything from pizza to burgers to entrees. The firecracker shrimp appetizer was great and well presented. We each got burgers which come in beef, turkey, and veggie options. Great fries as well. A varied wine menu had a lot of options.
2	My visit not as great today as my first visit. This time I knew to order my salad (salmon/spinach) WITHOUT onions.  So, I get my salad and it has those awful red onions diced so small that you cant easily pick them out. BLEH!! I detest raw onions - ESPECIALLY the red ones. So when our server finally makes it back around to check on our table, I showed her the onions and reminded her that I had ordered without. She took it back so they could remake it...and I waited & waited & waited.... When she finally brought it back out, my dining companions had already finished their meals. Since we have already been gone for an hour, I asked her to go ahead & box it so I could take it back to the office to eat.  Waiting for it to be boxed took a long time too... WTH? I should have asked her to bring the container to the table so I could do it myself. Sigh. When I finally got back to office & had a chance to eat, the mood was ruined for me. I did not enjoy my salad and certainly did not enjoy my overall dining experience.   For the $ I definitely expect better from them.
2	Came here for lunch on a rainy saturday. Place is cozy with only a few people around. The table was icky sticky as well as the tiled floor.  Ordered the sunrise burger (with sunny side up egg). First my order came without egg and sent it back. Then it came with an egg not just on top but smudged everywhere as if after frying they just dumped the egg on the burger. The burger wasn't bad and our server was a nice young black guy. But whoever prepared the food in the kitchen ought to be sent back for training.
2	I think this place tried to pull out the stops for Queen's Feast, but they weren't up to the challenge. Their Queen's Feast menu sounded fantastic, but the food quality was very banquet-like. My oysters rockefeller were fried dough balls with no discernable oyster, sitting on a bed of creamed spinach that tasted canned. My filet oscar, while cooked perfectly, was tough and not very flavorful. The sauce was more "Bernie" than "Bearnaise." While our server was absolutely as nice as he could be, the kitchen was backed up and our meal took 2.5 hours. He got the checks all mixed up, too. Sadly, the meal was quite a disappointment, especially compared to the other wonderful QF restaurants we could have selected.
5	Amazing !! Service, food, drinks!!! We are here twice in one day !! And the atmosphere is awesome- fireplaces everywhere! Will be back for sure !!
2	Loved this place last Saturday nite.  Came back to use 20% coupon we got online. Steak was overcooked and over seasoned, broccoli cold. Very disappointed.
3	We visited around 6pm on a Friday, without a reservation.  We were able to get a table in the bar area.  They also have a nice outdoor seating area.  By the time we left, people were waiting in the lobby - a hopeful sign for a restaurant operating in a location where two have failed. We ordered the crab cakes appetizer, and were surprised that we only got 3 smallish cakes for $12.  My wife had the Smothered Chicken, which was very good.  I had the meatloaf.  The flavor of the meatloaf was good, but the covering of pimento spread was odd and did not seem to add anything from my perspective.  The green beans that came with both dinners had good flavor, but were way overcooked.  The portion sizes were generous.Service was just OK, but it was their busiest time.  Overall, it was OK-to-good.
3	The restaurant was empty when we arrived but our server seemed annoyed we weren't ready to order as soon as she approached our table. The baked Brie was very good but the rest of the meal was mediocre at best. My husband's ribs were dry. I got the penne rustica which had only a few small pieces of meat. Neither entree had much flavor. Once it got busier, we rarely saw our server.
5	Came here for the first time with my daughter on a Sunday evening and couldn't have asked for anything more! For appetizers we ordered Boom Boom Shrimp and Mozzarella sticks. I ordered my Boom Shrimp without the Boom Boom sauce and it was great! It says a lot about food if it's good without the sauce that was designed for the dish. I ordered the herb roasted half chicken with broccoli and a Long islands Iced Tea, both were delicious. My daughter ordered the salmon with broccoli and she also said her dinner was outstanding!Our service was prompt and the atmosphere was comfortable for families or date night. We enjoyed Stone Mountain Grill and will come back again soon.
5	We went here recently for dinner.  It was amazing!  We were seated quickly, our waiter was very attentive and knowledgeable.  Our food came fast and was absolutely delicious!  I had the pimento cheese meatloaf.  It sounded strange to me but I tried it and it is the best meatloaf I have ever had at a restaurant!  My husband tried the pimento cheese burger and he love that too!   I can't wait to go back!!  I highly recommend this place!
3	Corn dusted or multigrain? Confused?  Me too!  How about white or wheat?  My burger was pretty good.  The bacon was cooked well, not soggy.  But next time I'll try the tacos since they looked like the main event passing my table on the way to other happy diners.The real surprise was the giant piece of chocolate cake.  Seriously, it was so good you could talk me in to coming here just for dessert.  And a drink.  Scotch and chocolate anyone?
1	I dine out frequently, particularly on Sundays after church with my family. Stone Mountain Grill ruined one such Sunday for my family. The food was generic.  Our server was great aside from the fact that we told him we didn't like the food and he did nothing to appease us. My kids loved the patio and the atmosphere.  Hated their food. The food runner dropped some of my ribs on the floor and said he would be back to replace them, he never returned. Honestly that was fine, the ribs were not good. They were cold and the sauce was nothing special.  All in all a huge waste of money and time. We ended up having to eat again an hour later.
5	Awesome Ballantyne spot!  Gorgeous day on the patio watching Syracuse!  Apps and margaritas!  Perfect day!
4	Went on a Friday night for a last minute business dinner and really liked the place.  Got there around 6 and the place was empty, service was good and the menus should have something for everyone.I got the basic burger & fries and it was one if the better ones I've ever had, worth the $9.  The people I went with got a steak, pasta and chicken, all of their dishes looked great as well.  Since it was work related no alcohol so I can't speak to that part of the menu.Overall it was a great dinner and I"ll be back, if you want a burger in Ballantyne I'd go here before smashburger or five guys.
5	I love this place, every time I'm in town I make at least two trips... go for the tacos, AMAZING!
4	Sometimes service can be a little slow but the food is always great here. The Cedar Plank Salmon is probably my favorite. They're generous on their wine portions too and the managers are very attentive.
1	Poor service.  One and only time there.  When the waiter took my wife's food back to be boxed up he placed other dirty plates from other tables on top of hers and walked back to the kitchen area.  No surprise as it got tossed.  The manager came to apologize and offered to reduce our bill.  We waited another 10 minutes with no bill until I had to flag down the manager again.  During the meal the waiter never checked back and we were without water for most of the meal.  We noticed annoyed customers who also had that waiter.  Filet mignon tasted old and almost pork-like.  I liked the chicken Caesar salad.
1	I ate here last night with my boyfriend, and my first impression was "wow"! Unfortunately, the beautiful restaurant does NOT fit the food. The fried pickles we had for an appetizer were very good, but that's where the positive ends. The service was uncomfortable, we got there around 9 and they don't close until 11(according to their website) but I was made to feel like we had inconvenienced the whole staff. I ordered the Firecracker Shrimp Wrap which was mediocre and my boyfriend ordered medium well burger. His burger was burnt and hard as a hockey puck, he's never once sent food back but he really had no choice with a $10 burger. His replacement was decent, but obviously pre-made and frozen. On top of all of this, the sweet tea we both ordered was warm and tasted fermented(must have been at least a day and a half old). We both have worked in restaurants for a long time and our experience was bizarre and terrible.  There was never a manager in sight! And the hostesses (when, rarely at the stand) were playing with their hair(very unsanitary) or their phones the entire time!Just skip this place. Very disappointing!
5	Had a great experience here tonight! Food was delicious, our server was attentive and prompt, and the atmosphere was delightful. I ordered the firecracker shrimp and it was fantastic! I've seen this on many menus but here it was just the right balance of flavor and heat. The heavy sauce went well with the light lettuce. Then I had the jerk chicken and fajita steak tacos. Both were delicious. The key lime pie for dessert was also top notch. Almost didn't give this place a try due to some negative reviews. I'm very glad I did!
2	Husband and I visited yesterday late-afternoon. First impression was wow...nice, cozy atmosphere. We were seated immediately and noticed the place was nearly empty (at 4:30pm)...thought that a bit odd.  Yes there are fire-places but it was freezing inside. My husband's a tough guy and I think this is the first time he's ever complained about the temperature in a restaurant.  Our waitress had a nice smile and was friendly and attentive. However, the reason for the 2 stars is because this restaurant lacks polish. The music is too loud, the manager is insensitive to diners by almost yelling (because the music is so loud) to someone out of our line of sight, laughing and carrying on (very unprofessional); the chicken quesadillas were very good and my husband seemed to enjoy his burger but my blackened southern chicken sandwich was rubbery (yuck) and had way too much avocado. The fries were way over-salted and not nearly crispy enough (soggy fries).  I think this place has potential but needs quite a bit of fine-tuning.
3	I like the food here.... It wasn't mind blowing, but it was good.   Not bad for an American food restaurant.   The buffalo dip was really good and so was the jerk chicken tacos.   The quesadillas was just ok.  The next time I come back.... I will most certainly get the jerk chicken tacos.
4	DeliciousServer: Matthew This is my first visit to Stone Mountain Grill. A friend and I decided to come here for restaurant week. I must say I thought it was a little more upscale but I was pleasantly surprised at how relaxed it was. The food was delicious and Matthew was great even though he was limping due to a bug bite that I advised he should definitely get checked out! All in all I will definitely be coming back.
2	Had a short lunch with co-workers and opted for the veggie burger. To be honest, it tasted like it came out of a box. Flavor profile was very bland, it wasn't seasoned well (if at all), and I felt like I could have made a better option myself at home. The fries were good, but how can you really mess up fries?I pass this place all the time going to work and never thought about stopping in and likely won't again unless my company is footing the bill. I think a revamp of the menu would go a long way here. I can't complain about the service--our server was pleasant, prompt, and the other servers who delivered the food seemed pleasant as well, but I likely won't be returning.
4	The jerk chicken tacos are hard to beat.  Great service and a friendly staff.  I make it a point to visit every time I travel to Charlotte.  The place is pretty new, but the tables are always sticky...  I think it's the varnish and NOT because they are dirty.
5	Food, service and atmosphere were impeccable. Just a 20 minute wait for a party of 10 on a Saturday evening. My wife fell in love with the meatloaf. My fish tacos were unique and satisfying. Outdoor dining with large screen TV's, indoor fireplace make for a cozy dining experience.
1	A group of 16 of us were out of town and decided to go over to stone mountain grill. The manager told us he could not sit all of us together as we had such a large party even though you can make reservations online for 20 people. He said it would be to much for the waiter or waitress and we would all have ro sit seperately. He suggested next time we call a week ahead of time. Are u kidding me! We walked out, as to us that was not true service and they did not deserve our money!
5	I'm in love with their jerk chicken tacos. It's the best thing on the menu to me. The service is always great. Either to go or dine in, you'll always receive great service. No complaints from me.
4	Great food and great outdoor/indoor patio. Food is consistently good everything from the fish tacos to the ribs. I was a little skeptical to pay $22 for the ribs for lunch one day but they are some of the best.
4	Not my first time here...but I failed to post reviews of previous trips. My previous visits were pleasant.  I have tried the cedar plank salmon, which was so tasty I had it again during a second visit.  I had it with the loaded potatoes minus the bacon. And I've experienced the rich decadent chocolate cake - yum!  My experience with the salmon on my second visit however was not as pleasant, because though things started off good at the beginning, as I got closer to the center it was not fully cooked. I had the waiter return it where they finished cooking it. Fast forward  to today's trip where I went and relaxed a bit while watching the football game(s). I decided to try the jerk chicken tacos, as I had seen plenty rave reviews about these tasty treats. And I am very grateful to say that the reviews did not disappoint!  At first I did not think that I would like the tacos in a hard shell as that's not my thing...these were a definite exception.  The meat, the spices, the mango salsa, & Mexican slaw, along with the sauce they topped it with and the soft and hard shells marry together exquisitely.I would definitely come back and get the jerk chicken tacos again. I also want to try the shrimp tacos. I did get to taste the turkey burger, but I did not care for it.Hope this helps!
4	We've been coming here to meet friends for the past few weeks.  We usually sit in the bar or patio area.  The servers are very friendly and attentive.  We've had the steak tacos and they are so good, we haven't tried anything else.  Hubby and I usually split it and it's enough for us.
4	My husband and I enjoy this restaurant frequently. The food is great and we really like the patio seating.
4	I had the meatloaf and a was great - baked well with a little char on the outside. Nice staff and the bar has plenty of tvs and a patio
