3	From the minute you cross the threshold, Candi Bar on Mont-Royal is different because of its comfortable vibe and whimsical interior decor.  From 11 PM on weekends this cozy little bar becomes a popular nightspot for young singles with flashy lights, blaring music,  a waiting line out front and the bathrooms are a sardine fest.  Once the bar is full, stools become a hot commodity.The pretty waitresses wear girly/ sexy short/ tight little uniforms that remind me a little of swiss girls in the alps (?) except it's black and they wear these with comfortable (flat) shoes/ boots.  The bar appears to be constructed out of large legos.  The barstools have deep burgundy/ purple, round velvet seats and the legs are in the shape of women's legs.  From an online picture, the mens' urinals in the mens' room are in the shape of big, juicy red lips. Hmm..?In the front there are 2 or 3 tables where you can sit on a stool at little round, bistro height tables right in front of the large windows.  These are open during the day on warm days and closed at night when they turn the venue into a night club.  There are tables with velvet banquettes for larger groups towards the rear.  It may be possible to reserve a table, but you would have to double check.  There is no outdoor seating.  If you have a sweet tooth and you love candy -- then you may really enjoy the drinks.  However, they taste artificial and they're very sweet.  Even though I often drink gatorade -- I suspect that's why I had a headache that wouldn't go away with painkiller for two days.  The drink 'list' is shaped like a lollipop with little cartoon pictures.  There are 10 themed drinks to choose from.  Most of the drinks are vodka, though there is one tequila and one rum drink.  The drinks are prepared as follows, first off you get a generous pour of the base alcohol into a tall cone shaped glass, this is topped off with artificially flavored and colored syrupy sweet slush that comes out of a spout from a large fountain drink type of clear dispenser/ container.  All this is topped off with a fun candy decoration ranging from candy that crackles and pops when it's put into your drink, candy necklace wrapped around your glass, gummy bears, gummy worms...), based on whichever drink you ordered.Link to a local article, with pictures:http://www.girlsgetaway.com/2010/05/candi-bar-montreals-new-grown-up-treat/
3	This place looks like a candy shop on acid. The appeal is definitely for women so if you're a lady going to grab a drink, don't expect to find you're husband here.This adult candy bar is not for diabetics. All of their slushies are alcoholic, expensive ($11 each) and so full of sugar it made me pucker. However, this is a fun place to say you have been to. The decor is all neon and black light and it's a nice place to grab a drink when you are in the mood for something different.They had good music playing while we were there and although we didn't stay for long, I had a good time...or it could've just been the sugar high.
4	Wow what cool decor! There are stools shaped like sexy -lady legs and gumball machines on the tables. The bar is made of lego!The waiter was kind enough to tell us the drinks were "sugary". This is very true. And they come with extra candy as a garnish. For instance I ordered a "tarzan" and it came with marshmallow bananas. When I finished it, I felt like I was going to puke, but also like a kid at a birthday party.My advice would be to go here and order something not on the lollipop shaped menu. Maybe a nice beer?
3	If you are looking to overdose on sugar, noise, and young partiers, this is the place for you!This hot spot on Mont Royale is perfect for a girls night out and dudes looking for girls on a girls night out.  Same owners as GoGo lounge, same upbeat and fun vibe without the cool chairs shaped like hands.Bright and funky decor, lego blocks, and patterned walls... the venue is fun, fun, fun!  Okay, and the urinals (that I've seen in pictures) are shaped like an open mouth, that's so funny!I really like the candy themed drinks here.Flavoured slushies with a lot of alcohol topped with candy.$11 for some girly slurpy goodness.  Ladies, if you are looking for a ring, there's the blue Tiffany that comes with a blue ringpop! They have beer here as well, for dudes who aren't into chick drinks.Even though we all know you secretly want a pink decorative drink. :PThis venue is young and the people can be pushy.  Overcrowded with long line-ups, be prepared to throw some elbows for some sugary satisfaction!
5	Every single time I've been I've always enjoyed myself. The drinks are pretty, they taste great (sure they have lots of calories), and the music is awesome. The DJ's are talented (the one's I've witnessed anyway), and ambiance is great, the decor is fun and hip, and the waiters and waitresses look adorable. Bathrooms are clean and nicely decorated, nothing to complain about. I don't get these other 2 chicks writing great reviews and giving it 3 stars. Weird.
4	This is definitely a chick-oriented bar. Hilariously creative decor (lots of shiny red leather, legos and Ring Pops), flattering lighting, 90s pop music and drinks that probably have a calorie-count of 1000. Honestly: my slushie drink was probably 20 ounces and although I watched the bartender pour 2 or 3 shots in there, I couldn't taste anything except cherry syrup. Lots of very dressed-up girls and tables are fairly inexpensive (around 150-200 for bottles, and booths seat 8-10). Very fun experience but not a pick-up place or a place to stop for a beer.
3	Candi Bar has very fun decor. The drinks are strong, large, and expensive - $11 for a slushie with a few shots in it. Each one comes with a different candy item; I got the Tiffany drink which came with a blue ring pop. The girls' bathroom has a stall with two toilets facing each other which is pretty hilarious. The music was Top 40 but I remember some older 90s Top 40 music too, which was fun. We got there around 10:50pm on a Saturday and had to wait for about 20 minutes, even though there were not many people inside. However, the bouncer was very nice and so were the bartenders and coat check people. It is off the beaten "downtown" path, a bit expensive, and the line was not ideal, thus the three stars. However, I would go back once or twice more.
4	Other than diabetics or those prone to cavities, everyone should try this place at least once.For the amount of alcohol per drink, the prices are very reasonable.  I've had a lot of fun here, though it's not really somewhere I like to stay all night (there are only so many of those syrupy drinks that you can handle, and this isn't really a place you come to just order a beer). Definitely a good choice for a fun stop on a girls' night out.
5	While traveling for business in Montreal, I had the pleasure of visiting Candi Bar, which is about as far from a business meeting as one could imagine. It's noisy, it smells like sugar and the strobe lights are as hangover-inducing as a schizophrenic rave party from the 90s.It would be perfect for a girl's night out, although there were plenty of guys there as well (hoping to find a little "Candi" of their own, I suppose?), just don't come here expecting to have a solid one-on-one conversation, as you will wake up realizing your voice has been left somewhere along the famed Mont Royale, no doubt covered in the sticky goodness that you slurped down last night.I ordered the "Sushi" which came with chopsticks and gummy fish floating throughout, all in a lychee slushie. Really, I wish I had one right now. I also wish I had a chandelier like they have in their bathroom, and a bar made out of pastel-colored Lego blocks in my kitchen, but you can't always get what you want. Unless what you want is a good time and an alcoholic slushie, in that case, head right over to Candi Bar and tell them I said what's up.
3	Last time I went, I didn't enjoy myself. Your night will depend heavily on the DJ's skills. Unfortunately sometimes their dj's suck. And they let just about anybody inside. When I was there, there were at least 3 groups of girls, either celebrating birthdays or getting married. They looked under-dressed, under-aged, and although the fact that they don't discriminate makes me respect the place, they should have at least SOME standards. I'm not going out with my mid-20 year old friends to be surrounded by that.
3	What to say about the Candi Bar... It's small, it's loud, the ceilings are quite low, and this becomes painfully obvious once they start with the artificial smoke. There's nowhere to hide. How can you avoid it when you're dealing with 9 foot ceilings? On the positive side the music was ok. They had some very different drinks that girls appear to enjoy, and the mega blocks ceiling over the bar mesmerized me for most on the evening. Don't get there too late because it gets full and a St-Laurent'ish line forms in front.
3	A Sugar rush for grown ups. The drinks come with fancy names, same are good, some aren't. Use your judgement and know what booze goes wells when mixed.CandiBar is really small, and it will get to you after half an hour. So don't stay too long. You will get a headache
3	This place is really original and has crazy funky decor, but once is enough.The bar is made of pink and purple mega blocks, and there are little gum machines on all the tables (it ate my money!). The bar stools look like legs with nylons, which makes it pretty funny to see a guy sitting on it.  The washrooms are like nothing you've seen, including two toilets in one stall (uh, what?).  The drinks are a bit more expensive than other places, but I guess you pay for the 'experience'. They're really, really sweet (with gummy bears, pirouline cookies.. etc).  But with a name like Candi Bar, I guess it's to be expected. I'd recommend checking it out, but not as a regular spot.
1	I'm 40 and I hate this place. I'm old enough to,remember what a Montreal barvshould be and this ain't it. What it IS, is a sign that the tacky, concept bars that have ruined St. Laurent street from Sherbrooke to Pins are creeping east. If,you like to watch spoiled kids dancing to bad pop music while plowing down table service bottles they're charging to mommy and daddy's credit cards this is the place for you!
2	This place is like a 17 year old girl and a raver decided to open up their ideal bar. Cute concept, sweet drinks  all served with candy and you look like your inside rainbow bright's pirate ship but it gets old REAL fast! The drinks are more sweet than strong and after 2 you wanna stop because you have a stomachache.I can see how this can attract girls, and therefore boys and it had that general feeling too, like people where looking to get some or at least have it proposed to them. Whatever, it's cool just not my taste.  If you like candy, 90s music, muscle men, made up girls and don't like the taste of alcohol then it may be for you.
4	PROS:1. The drinks are colorful,  very sweet, and just fun! I had a ring pop drink and a cotton candy one which were both yummy and great to take pics of.  You can't really taste the alcohol (which I prefer) because they're so sweet. 2.  The bar itself was more like a club when I went on a Saturday night. The DJ played top40/hip hop/R&B. A really good mix. The crowd was pretty young like early 20s.3. The bar itself has a cool interior with lego pieces in the bar, fun barstools, and pink lighting. 4. No cover!CONS:1. Not a great place to take a boyfriend who prefers beer and hard drinks. LOL 2. It was a bit over crowded, I couldn't manage to find the bathroom (but I'm an alcohol lightweight so maybe that's why)!3. The special drinks are pricey but they come with little frills which I think make it worth the splurge.OVERALL:-A fun place to go for a girl's night out. -I just asked the bartender to make me whatever and I got delicious drinks! Worth going and seeing what they come up with :)-Repeat: not a great place to take your guy :p I learned from experience.
2	One of the worst dj ever: same music twice, cut songs and strange version of known tunes ! Decoration of the place was really funky ! Try their cocktails with sloche/alcohol !
3	Friendly staff and a trippy decor, especially the work by the amazing artists of En Masse, make this a spot worth checking out if you're looking for a hallucinatory start or end to your night, or if you are with a bachelorette party, or if you are hoping to run into one. I haven't tried the giant slushy sweet drinks because I feel diabetic just looking at them, but I like that they exist, and my whiskey went down nicely thank you. The lego and candy and other details feel a little Vegas or gimmicky if you're not in the right head space for it all, but when you are I imagine the kiddiness and otherwordlyness are yegggzactly what the doctor ordered.
4	Very fun & bright deco - candiesque for sure! I dont care for the drinks much although they have creative names & are accompanied by a specific type of candy ! But i love the club vibe late at night , music is quite diverse with a little emphasis on popular music/hip hop & classic R&B jams. My favorite day to go there are sunday nights.Only downfall is that the place is quite narrow , gets hard to move around & dance when its packed!
2	After stuffing ourselves at Au Pied de Cochon, our group made our way towards Candi Bar, mainly on the strength that we were interested in trying out drinks that apparently tasted like candy. Although there was a bouncer there by 11 PM, we were able to get in without much trouble (and perhaps because we had the right gender balance, if Montreal cares about that kind of things). It was also perfect timing, because the tables were all occupied at that time, and it definitely started getting more crowded at that point in time (the tables are also all reserved after midnight). I'm a huge fan of the decor - the artwork is very unique but also really well-done; the lights are kept low, and the low ceilings give it a very intimate feeling. The music is also very solid - from what I recall, mostly American music that's probably from the last decade.That said, the main theme of the club was disappointing. The gummy bear drink had virtually no alcohol in it and was more liable to give you massive brain freeze if you drank out of the straw too quickly. The ladies at the table had another drink (the name of which I forget) that had the same Gatorade blue color and had slightly more alcohol in it. For the price (which I think came out to around $12/drink), it's simply way too expensive for something that is marginally alcoholic, at best. Even as a sugary pop drink, it's not that good.In short - great concept, nice atmosphere, but really crummy drinks. If you want to come here just to chill, you'll have a good time, but I'd recommend a real cocktail if they make any, or beer, if you're looking for a beverage at this spot.
4	Very nice  bar with  fun design . It's very amazing  . There are very good cocktail with original name .
1	So basically I made a reservation for bottle service for my birthday, letting them know it's my birthday on Thursday at Candi bar for 5 people and everything was good. I had done this for my boyfriend's birthday last year so we knew what it was like. They called me around 4pm the day of (Saturday) confirming our booth leaving a voicemail message while I was sleeping so I hear it and call them back at 6pm confirming it and everything was good. They told us to come around 10 or 11. It's 1045 and I call them telling them that we will be there in 45 minutes and everything was good. So we get there and the bouncer says we aren't on the list and there was never a reservation for us. He's being a rude prick and was trying to find a way to not let us in like looking at the guys clothes, but they were dressed up so that wasn't the problem. So after pleading with the bouncer and manager they let us in telling us to go to coat check so we go and pay. Then another manager comes up to us and is all nice shaking my hand knowing that I made the reservation. And leads us away from where the booths that we expected are to the corner of the club to these shitty little wobbly cafe tables that only fit three people. So I'm like no this isn't what I asked for and they said that since we are only five he bumped us down the list for a party of 7 even though I made the reservation first. So we are going back and forth with the manager being like we want a booth since we are still paying the same to sit at these tables as the people in the booths. So we then decide fuck them let's go to another bar. When the guys are getting their coats I'm like well I'm here I paid for coat check I might as well have a shot or something before I go. As I'm ordering the manager comes up to me, taps me on the shoulder and tells me I have to leave because I don't have a table anymore. So I'm like fuming and almost crying. So we get our coats and leave. And the only nice employee was the coat check girl and a big bouncer inside that asked me if I was alright when I was about to cry. So we leave and walk a couple blocks to Edgar Hypertaverne where I spent my birthday last year and have some drinks served by nice employees.
4	Candi Bar has always been on my list of bars to go to when I'm in Montreal. Luckily for me, I had the chance to stop by on Saturday since I was in the city for Osheaga. I left Osheaga a little earlier to beat the rush of people getting on the Metro and arrived at Candi Bar around 10:30 PM. There was a guy outside who checked our IDs. My sister and I were both under 21 so we didn't know if we would get in since I read that it's a 21+ bar? Nevertheless, we got in no problem since he didn't even know where the DOB was on the ID!!The night was still young so there were free tables. The waitress was super friendly and attentive. My sister and I ordered 2 drinks each: 1 from the lollipop menu and  1 from the regular one. The slushy drinks gave us massive brain freeze when we drank too fast, but the candy that came with each drink compensated for it. I love candy so naturally, I loved the drinks. Oh, and the drinks all come with 2.5 shots each. Despite all the sugar, you can still taste the alcohol so you knew you were getting what you paid for. The decor was rad and they also played fun, dance music. If the drinks weren't ~$12 a piece, I would have stayed the entire night.
3	I haven't been here in about 3 and a half years but when I used to come, I loved this bar! One of the most unique bars I've ever seen.The decor is really awesome, as are the crazy sweet slushy drinks topped with candy. The music has always been good, and the service is fine for a bar. However, on the downside, it takes forever and a day to get in to this place because it's really small. It's also one of those places that you get tired of after the novelty of the fun drinks and ambiance wears off!
4	Second time here and I'm not disappointed.I'm one of those people who is always sober, but doesn't need alcohol to have fun. This place has great drinks that you can make non-alcoholic. And by that I mean just getting an awesome slush! The flavours are amazing but I recommend the bubble gum one! oooooo it reminds me of the ol' days! The regular alcoholic drinks were $12.50. Mine was $6 (no alcohol).The environment is nice and chill, we didn't go to late so there wasn't that many people but that was great.Theres little candy machines on the tables that you can pa 25 cents for some candy (decent amount).And of course, the bathrooms are awesome. The mens have lips as urinals and the woman's bathroom have two toilet seats facing each other in one stall (can we talk about the man who came up with that thought? "why do women always go to the bathroom together... they must want to watch each other pee!")Highly recommended!
