4	Great service, good prices. They are a competent group, with no long waits, even on weekends.
3	Ok in general but check part prices before you OK any work. I didn't and I wish that I had.  Fletchers in general has treated myself, my girlfriend, and others pretty well on tires, including price, but this was my first experience with having other service done.  I brought my van in to have the tires rotated and balanced.  I also reported that I'd been experiencing a bit of a vibration at freeway speeds.  Ryan, the mechanic, quickly found the culprit as he shook my right front tire; the lower ball joint was failing.  Ordinarily, I do most work myself, but as I'm running short of time before I take the van on a trip, I decided to let them have at it.  They quoted me $1200 to replace the upper and lower ball joints on each side, and while I thought that was a bit high, I know that it's a bit of a pain to do the job, and they could finish it that day.  Additionally, I insisted on using top quality Moog brand parts for the job.  The work was done well, and I have no complaints with the mechanics at all.  The only thing I didn't expect was for their cost for the parts to be so much higher than for the same brand of part at a retail shop.  For the upper ball joints I was charged $115 each; the same part (Moog K80196) goes for $38 each at O'Reilly down the road.  The lowers (Moog K80197) were even more; Fletcher's charged me $179 each; they go for  $69 each at O'Reilly.  While I know all shops do some retail markup, I didn't expect markups of over 100% on the parts.  Overall, the experience left me mixed.  I'm glad that the van was fixed competently, and they didn't try to sell me things that I didn't need, like I've seen happen to other people.  But the parts markup felt like a sneaky trick.  I'm sure someone gets a nice bonus for that markup.  If I had thought to check, I would have gone and picked up the parts myself.
2	This place is a rib off.  Took my car in because I had a coupon.  I even had an appt, but the still made me sit and wait 20 min.   When finish, you would not believe all the things "they" found wrong with my car!  I took it into Honda, and low and behold None of the items on Fletcher's list needed to be replaced!  Horrible!  Guess since I was a female, they were trying to take advantage of me.  When it comes to cars, why do think it's only a mans world out there????
1	Good deal on package of oil changes. But every oil change they call with a list of problems, maintenance issues to add on.  Every time. Just took car in to have brakes looked at. $800 bill to replace all the rotors and pads.  The rotors have never been turned before. My wife got a call from them a couple of years ago, recommended she get all the fluids flushed with the oil change. She couldn't get in touch with me at work and ok'd it. $750. Flush the brake fluid! Douche bags, So I see why the deal is on oil changes. Screw you every other chance they can......
1	OMG save yourself time, money and nerves and go to a professional auto service business!  Worst service ever!
