2	Hmm I ve never been so confused about writing a review before. This place is scabby, the coffee I was served was cold filter coffee. Though I think this is the whole idea about forest cafe, an Edinburgh CBGB's more poetic rather then punk rock. There is a tension in the air here, a political and spiritual tension. I feel a lot of sadness, frustration and anger at the forest and I can't say I felt very comfortable here but can see how people feeling the same seek out each other to fight internal struggles and injustice in the society. They say that a messy room is a messy mind, maybe some passion to make good drinks and food would do good here, after all it is in human nature to seek out good food if we can. Though this is just my opinion.
3	'If you turned lesbian, I'd turn lesbian too..' The tone was set by the band's opening line at the Forest Cafe. It's all a little strange. And quirky. And hipster. I am partial to all these things. On Valentine's day they have 'My heart goes boom, boom, ribbit, ribbit - love for frogs.' It said so on a poster. I have no idea what this entails but it sure adds to the mystery that the Forest Cafe exudes. I think I'd quite like to sit here with a tea when I'm in Edinburgh. It's all very creative and artsy. But 3 stars because the service was exceptionally slow and I think the live music (if as silly as it was when i was there!) may have you wishing for a quieter spot to drink and chat.
3	I had a Mexican Chai coffee when I visited the new Tollcross-located Forest Cafe for the first time. And it did work. It was really tasty actually, and just the milky-sugary hit I was looking for at the time.What I do like about Forest Cafe is that you never know quite what to expect when you arrive - the people hanging out here are and always have been a distinct bunch, and it does always feel chilled - and actually, every time I've been here I've got quite a bit of quality writing done, which must mean its artistic leanings have prodded my procrastinating typing fingers into action somehow. It's good to be in an environment where you feel like (almost) anything goes in terms of what kind of a person you are and where your interests lie.I think it might just need a bit of time to grow into itself (much like a blossoming forest......meh......) and to develop more of a buzzing atmos. Sometimes it just takes a bit of time to find a banter balance that works, and I'm sure (and I hope) that'll happen, because I do like it here. I will return for more sweet Mexican goodness soon.
4	Great community here- they host all kinds of activities from documentary film releases, to inky fingers writing groups, to whatever people want to share with others.  Just sitting there for any fingers to fondle are three typewriters, glinting with invitation to let the mechanical sound remind the writer how much machination goes into their own work.  I had a drip coffee, which was eh, but I hear the food is nice. They happened to be making a soup and cutting onions, which I am allergic to, so my eyes were burning and I could not keep them open.  I don't usually like to cry in public, but this was unavoidable, as my eyes were running trying to get the noxious fumes out.  It is also run by volunteers, so thank to the lovely folks who make this possible!
4	I have been here a couple of times and each time have felt right at home! I loved the whole vibe of the place, reminiscent of places I used to go to in California (bay area.) I also love supporting a non profit vegan/vegetarian cafe. Its artsy, experimental and the food is really tasty! We hung out in it for a good while at lunch today, my toddler completely at home dancing around to depeche mode. The funky ambiance, toys, games, free boxes full of clothes, random objects. I loved that the guy next to us was creating this glittery poster and glueing together a wee ceramic duck. The space is just so open and embracing to whatever you may need. You have the guy doing the art next to the dude on his laptop doing his thing and us doing our thing all at the same time in complete harmony. I really enjoy these types of places and feel sad that there arent more of them.
