1	Went here yesterday to see the drag show with my friend (and fellow transperson) Fenyx.Cruisin had everything I would ever want out of a bar; seedy atmosphere, cheap drinks, a stage, friendly bartenders, and trannies, crossdressers, and drag queens as far as the eye could see. For a moment I felt how Robert Smith must feel whenever he walks into a Hot Topic, or Hulk Hogan in a bandana wholesaler's. But alas, like Torrid and Guitar Center, I inevitably showed up the same day as the token asshole employee whose brief interaction with me would ruin my view of this establishment for all time.While waiting for the show to commence, Fenyx and I went through the back door to take a smoke break, as were a lot of other people. The back door couldn't be shut all the way or it would lock, forcing you to either bang on it until someone heard you over the music or walk around to the other side. So he and I are just standing around, smoking, talking, making sure nobody shuts the door, and out comes the DJ. He steps out, and before even lighting his cigarette, slams the door behind him."Awwww, man, now you've locked us out," we say, playfully.The DJ stands over Fenyx, eyeballing him as he responds with "Yeah, that's the point. To keep the undesirables out" before walking off with his cigarette."What the hell just happened?" I ask."He thinks we're a straight couple." I laughed. I searched for a pen. I'd been mistaken for a lot of things in the past, but this was the first time I'd been mistaken as straight. This had to be documented. Fenyx, who is also not straight, was not as amused.I tried to brush the comment aside and we went back inside, where the DJ proceeded to stare down my amigo and I from across the bar. I knew at any moment, a confrontation would escalate, and I was forced to choose between leaving early, missing the drag show, or watch the tension rise to eruption. One of these scenarios carried with it the slight risk of me breaking a newly manicured nail, so naturally, I opted we go back to the Bunkhouse and play darts.I'm sure giving them 1 star for this one incident is petty, but, uh, so is what they did, so it works out, I guess.Oh well. Torrid and Guitar Center seem to do just fine without my business. I'm sure Cruisin 7th will do just fine.
3	Places like Cruising 7th play an important role in the natural ecosystem of the GLBT world.  For one thing, it provides a natural hunting grounds for the transexualis anacondis, a rare creature indeed that is seven feet tall, looks like a giant woman but has a schlong wider than a beer can and longer than a salami.  Seriously, it's an okay place.  The motto should be:  Don't lick anything with your tongue.  My modus operandi:  Get in, get yer drink, watch the fun shows and get out.  The drag shows can be quite entertaining.  Play some pool if you can.  And, if you are partial to miniskirts and fetish boots, this is the place to see and be seen.
2	Didn't know this was a gay bar when my girlfriend and I walked in. That won't sway my review, especially since we had just left Roscoe's prior to coming here. What will sway my review is the level of awkwardness. The transvestite sitting at the bar with his/her legs wide open showing the world the junk under the skirt. The 5 toothed cuban guy eating beef jerky, playing pool, and copping as many tranny feels as he could. The scary trip to the bathroom that could have resulted in a scary time for me because two guys were standing waiting for the urinal right behind me... not like off to the corner of the bathroom, or even outside the bathroom, but RIGHT BEHIND ME. Yeah, the awkwardness made this place weird. I always thought it was just a neighborhood alcoholic bar, but that it definitely is not. It seemed like a place for trannies, tranny chasers, weirdos, and locals (like myself and my girlfriend) who don't know any better.
5	Phoenix's best bar!  Everyone is welcome. Bored with the usual, join the interesting set at C7. Friday night's drag show starts about 10:30 and Daveena Ross is an elegant hostess. Bring $1s to help them fund college or make-up. If you like clones, stay away. If you like humanity, come on down!
4	I love this little dive. Amazing patrons and friendly bartenders. Always had an enjoyable time here. If you are a fan of dive bars, this place won't disappoint.
3	Cruising 7th is quite an odd little joint. It smells like sewage and old mops. It's the definition of a dive. It's dark, and downright awkward at times (rare, but if you get stuck talking to one of the few quite drugged out patrons). The parking lot is small. There is a small bench outside with people usually smoking and chatting about. Half of the crowd is really cool. Mainly gay, but some straight people, too. There are transvestites, some businessmen, some crackheads, and some really fun and hilarious people. You never know what you are going to get! There is a large bar, some really old tables with stools, a jukebox, digital bar game, a dartboard, pool, etc. This bar actually has 2 sides, but unless it's a weekend or a drag show night, you only get to see one side. The other side has some creepy clown-like decorations and a stage, as well as another bar. They have karaoke sometimes, too and I highly recommend this. It's a HOOT! There is also a pole in the center. ;) The service is usually really good (Gary and "mother" are a lot of fun) and the drinks averagely priced. Sometimes I'm a little scared of the glass cleanliness. The bathrooms are horrendous. I actually cleaned one when I was super drunk one night because I couldn't take it anymore! I do think this is a big staple bar of the LGBT community and everyone can have a blast here. Just don't set your hopes too high. Expect an eclectic crowd and go in with an open mind.
1	What an absolute dive, and not in a good way. The day I was so lucky to have gone there was a show of some kind with twinks bouncing all around on the stage with small briefs on, not attractive at all.  Now when entering it be prepared, it reaks of BO, sewer and garbage. I had to push my way through just to get past the entrance, once standing there trying to get my surrounding's, I'm pushed and bumped into as if I am not there. I cannot stand packed places, especially with shirtless, sweaty, smelly guys rubbing into me...yuck. I be-lined it for the patio for escape and stayed there until my friends were ready to leave. Just a awkward mix of very "interesting "people, not the most nice to look at, or trust to leave your drink for any amount of time. It's definitely not worth the olfactory assault to ever go in there again.
1	Although there is lots of fun to be had here- the atmosphere of the show does not make up for the lack of cleanliness and overall "ICK" factor.  I love me some dive bars, but this one was a little too subterranean.  That and please, ladies- when you are lip syncing, at least know HALF of the words to the song.  Just moving your mouth and jaw like an automaton is NOT fun or attractive.
5	I haven't had a night out like this since Living in SF. These ladies had so much vibrance and personality! The show started slightly after 10:30 and I went in on a Friday to celebrate a friends birthday it was worth the wait! Drinks were cheap but the performance was not. The dive bar ambiance gave it a very comfortable feel, don't expect anything fancy except from the ladies. Small parking lot but lots of places to park nearby though! Kudos to the staff! We had a great night :)
