5	Much better than Urbana's governance. The Mayor is a mere figurehead, and the City Manager has a level of insulation, allowing for more non-political decisionmaking. Everyone is nice, and Champaign as a city is great.
1	Permit parking division is very rude. We pay almost $700 for a parking spot and they treat us like we owe them something. When I went to get my parking permit, the African-American guy completely ignored me for the first 30 minutes. Then he told me to apply for the permit on the computer. I wonder, why did I even come here when I could have done this from home. Anyways, I make the payment and he said I did it incorrectly (that I should not have submitted) and I have to come in tomorrow to get my permit. Very very unclear and waste of my time. Today, I had snow in my parking spot and when I called earlier, the lady told me to park at a nearby meter and I'll let the officer know you can park there, and then check back later and your parking spot should be clear of snow. Two hours later, I move my car from my meter to check if there is snow in my spot and I see that I have a ticket and the snow is still not removed. I call back and my luck has it the same African-American guy picks up (I recognize his voice). He says, well if you already moved your car that means you parked in your spot and are responsible for the snow. As I was trying to tell him I moved my car from the meter I was told to park at, he didn't get that and then he tells me "Don't you raise your tone at me." Seriously! The supervisor seemed to care, but just be aware that these people are rude. I wish our city administrators were as nice as the city itself.
5	I would find this to be a good place to put down roots if events lead me back. I have found several livable neighborhoods; in fact I have not seen any that I would immediately avoid.Climatically, weather extremes are not too bad. There is usually a week that seems to come in early January in which temperatures and winds make walking or bicycling unpleasant, and there are some high temperatures during the summer, but in general the area provides plenty of encouragement for engaging with the environment.I have found government to provide services efficiently, with good concern for personal and property security for its residents. Local taxes are never too low, but citizens seem to me to get good return on their expenditures. Although the U of I is an important and large institution, I have not found its concerns to dominate unduly. The entertainment, educational, and recreational benefits of the University greatly outweigh any problems created.The Public Schools struck me as pushing healthy aspirations, and seem to me to care about parent concerns and student welfare.All in all, the city seemed to me to be a good place to live.
