4	First time playing airsoft, came in with a friend of mine and rocked hard from 4-8pm for $50 (included rental gun/mask, admission and 4000 BBs)... Tons of fun - though you can really rack up the battle scars/welts after a couple of games. It does get hot in there running around with adrenaline pumping but it's bearable and based on how hard you go.. The variety of game types and rules was great as we frequently switched it up: Team deathmatch, medic, briefcase search and destroy...and at night we played in the dark: prison break, zombies..Would suggest eating before/after as the food options are candy/soda/pizza/pretzels...
4	...I know I haven't been here be4 but my friends say that I should do this so....Really great place. It may be a little hard to run after a couple hours.. Etc
5	The kids and I had a great time at VIP Airsoft.  What an amazing facility for Gilbert!  Follow the rules and be safe and you will have a blast.
5	I went to VIP Airsoft Arena last Sunday and had a great time. There was a large range of age groups that I feel created a fun environment.It's good to see kids that are into guns in a respectful manner. I am part of a hunting club that meets on a monthly basis and know first hand how important it is to get our youth involved in the shooting sports. The crowd was VERY respectful AND helpful.Not only is this sport fun... it is great exercise.If you know someone, or you yourself are playing FPS games all day, give this a shot instead. It's far more fun than your xbox can handle.The Park itself has a really exciting layout. It is very safe but not boring. They still have towers and crawl spaces to keep things interesting. There are tables with laminate tops and other features to use as cover. If you are interested but not sure about the layout, watch a few youtube videos and you will be hooked. On youtube search "vanguard airsoft 2013"While watching the players or between rounds, to prevent eye injuries, you are required to wear eye protection while at the tables located outside of the field. So I recommend bringing a pair of safety glasses so you don't have to wear your goggles/mask during this time. You can also purchase a pair from the front desk if you forget yours.The shop on site has the best selection in the valley of quality airsoft firearms. They also have fatigues and protective equipment. It is a truly one stop shop with competitive pricing. They carry Echo 1, G&G, and KWA just to name a few brands.If you don't feel like walking/driving to a nearby fast food/gas station, you can purchase food, drinks, and snacks at their snack bar. The pizzas aren't the normal 3 bites and it's gone type of pizza. It is a large pizza. If you don't have your own airsoft gear and want to get a taste before you dive in... you can rent all the gear you would need for an extra $15.00. This is a great price knowing how much it costs to maintain your own gear. I noticed a player having a problem with his rifle and the ref went and got him another one to use. The staff was very helpful and if they couldn't answer your question, they found someone that did.I will definitely be back to play again.
5	This is a very fun place. There is a wide range of age groups, and don't worry there are plenty of people who have never played before. Admission is $15 but an extra $5 if you don't have there custom house bbs. They rent guns for $15. One session is 4hrs long with breaks in between games. This is a great place for parties/group activities. Would recommend to anyone!
