2	Slowest customer service in charlotte
4	I have been a VZW customer for many years.  As long as I can make a call anywhere, at any time, I am not hard to please.  I had to visit VZW because the sound was too low during phone calls.  VZW could not repair it and sent me to the Apple Store.  Apple could not repair it so they replaced my device.  Four hours later, I have a new phone, but I can't activate it because VZW is performing system maintenance that was supposed to be done three hours ago.  Come on VZW, I thought you were better than this!  Now I have my contact list but I can't call anyone!  Give me a break, please!  Four stars for the fast and friendly service received at this location.  Unfortunately, they were not able to repair or replace my phone.  Today, sadly only 3 *** for VZW overall!
4	I was looong overdue for a new phone but I was trying to hold out for the iPhone 5.  Unfortunately, my phone had other ideas and started bugging out and I knew I couldn't hold out any longer.  I had a late morning flight last Thursday and realized I had time to head to Verizon to solve my problem.I was the 1st person in the store and was greeted immediately.  Justin was the sales person who assisted me and I think he did a great job.  I told him what I was looking for and he helped steer me towards the phone that would be suit my needs.  He also told me one of the phones I was looking for was out of stock and that helped me make my decision since I needed to leave the store with something new.Once I made my decision he helped me get everything set-up and even charged the phone for me a bit since I told him I'd be travelling.  All in all it was a great experience and I would have no issue returning here for future purchases or help.
3	Just another cell phone store one day great service, one day no one cares, and then the last day its about getting you in and getting you out as quick as possible.
4	My aversion to Verizon Stores probably stem from my experiences years ago with no check-in system and the "first come first serve/wait forever" system.  So I am always cautiously optimistic whenever I go into one of them.  The other day, my droid incredible stopped receiving phone calls.  I had been limping along, hoping to wait for either the iPhone5 or a new droid.  Anyways, I had a family emergency and could not be reached so I finally just broke down and got a new phone to avoid future stress in not being able to be contacted.I got there around 10:45am and the store had maybe one or two customers in it.  I was up for an upgrade, but didn't harp about the phone not receiving any calls - figured it wasn't worth the trouble to explain and my phone was over 2 years old now.  Justin really helped me out and having experienced both the iPhone and Android phones, he gave me a lot of good information since I was still on the fence.  I ended up going with the 4S.  I also got a zagg screen protector and an otter box commuter case which Justin applied to my phone.  He transferred all my contacts and also was able to trade in my incredible for some salvage money.  The trade in program must be new, but I did ask him what they did with the phones and after they wipe the memory, the phones are given to countries that cannot afford to buy directly from retailers.  It's good to know the phone will get a second life and not be wasted.I was in and out of there in 45min and Justin was really knowledgeable, answering all of my questions and really providing great service.  I'm still waiting for the iPhone 5 to come out (probably tomorrow) but so far I am very happy I made the "switch."
3	Ehhh, your typical Verizon location.I've been going to this location for years, not because it's fantastic or the staff goes above and beyond, but they're by my house and they get the job done ... albeit slowly.  The parking is good, the staff is efficient, they have the phones you'd expect and, well, what else can I say?Check 'em out.
2	Took 40mins (and i was next in line) for me to exchange my 2 chargers that I had 2 replace 4months ago.the guy that helped me was to busy checking out women to wait on me
4	I won't waste your time talking about the great service I received at this Verizon Wireless location when I purchased my iPhone 5. What I will share with you is the phenomenal job Verizon Wireless does to support entrepreneurs and small business owners.I wasn't very surprised when the manager came out to ask me about my experience opening my business account but I was truly amazed when he came to invite me to a free social media workshop for small business.As a new member of the Charlotte community, the Verizon Wireless staff plugged me in to local organizations that support entrepreneurs. At the seminar, the manager actually gave me a few places to network and get connected with other business owners in Charlotte metro area.What turned out to be just a trip to the store to buy a phone quickly turned into an opportunity to grow my business.
1	Some of the worst customer service we've ever encountered. We've been "next" on the list for 45m. Understandable that it's a friday night, but of the 6 people on staff, 3 were flirting with people (no joke, I saw numbers exchanged, and not for Verizon purposes) and the other three were hiding in the back. As we left, I said to the manager, "remove us from your list, we're leaving." She says "okay sorry," not apologetically, but reflexively. Verizon is going to lose customers for this. Do not go to this location.
1	Terrible "hostess" experience. Woman at the front had a terrible attitude as soon as I walked on. The store is basically empty and I've been waiting for 40mins when I was told my wait time would be 15mins.Add On: This is my fourth time coming back due to inventory and no fault of the stores. I'm continued to be so disappointed by the "hostess". They really act like you're an inconvenience. Will probably be my last trip and just drive an hour and a half to go to my home store. Really disappointed. This is not the experience I'm accustomed to receiving from verizon.
