5	I am a small business with 3 employees and I do a fair amount of printing.  I have used cartridge world at Raintree and the 101 for past several years and think everyone else should.   You can't beat their prices or service.
5	Friendly, fast and reasonably priced.
3	I've always used Cartridge World to replace my printer cartridges (just a normal HP60 printer). Until recently I have used a different location and had always great service. My most recent purchase was at the location here on Pima where I got my regular black and color cartridges. The gentleman that helped me was very friendly, and told me that the cartridges were guaranteed and should I encounter any problems to just bring the cartridge back. Well I got home and the black cartridge worked fine - when I inserted the color cartridge the printer showed an error message saying that there was a problem with the cartridge - so I bring the cartridge back for a replacement. This was probably 2 weeks later that I got around to doing so, the cartridge wasn't even in my printer I just put it back in the clip and set it aside until I could bring it back. When I returned, a different man helped me - he weighed my cartridge and proceeded to tell me that I had used half of the ink. I explained to him that that was impossible because it wouldn't even allow me to do anything if it was in my printer. He made a face at me as if I were lying to him - really? I'm going to use half of a 15 dollar cartridge and bring it back for more? Then he says "I didn't even know you could print with a single cartridge in that printer." as if I again, was making something up. I assured him you can print in single-cartridge mode. Needless to say I eventually got a new cartridge - he showed me the weight of the cartridges written on the side from when they are filled and then showed me that mine weighed less. He then proceeded to show me a brand new cartridge and weighed that and get this THAT ONE DIDN'T EVEN WEIGH THE SAME. So he tells me that maybe if it is missing a color it will give an error. I ended up taking my new cartridge (which works now), and at the very least won't be coming to this location anymore. If you're going to guarantee your product, don't be a jerk when people bring it back - maybe test these cartridges once before handing them out.
5	This location is awesome. They always are super helpful and once even gave me trouble shooting tips over the phone to empty our company printers "waste toner" (don't worry, I didn't know what that was either)They are friendly, cost efficient and they deliver.
