1	Brandon was a great guy and very engaged in our family photography session. I would not recommend him though. His customer service was not satisfying. We used him through a Groupon, and we did not get all of what the Groupon entailed. The pictures we did get were not centered and some were cut off. The lighting in the pictures was off on almost every picture (sun was in someones eyes, shadow on someones face). It's a shame that the pictures didn't turn out well because he is a nice guy and the photo shoot was a lot of fun. Again I would NOT recommend him to anyone unless you want poor quality prints and bad customer service.
5	I was looking for someone to do my engagement photo shoot, and Brandon exceeded all of my expectations! Brandon was super polite and professional the entire process!! I found him through Groupon after doing research on a bunch of other businesses that were also running Groupon deals. I chose brandon because I really liked his his style and his portfolio. Brandon was very prompt in corespondence, which really meant a lot to me. We had our photo shoot at Tom's thumb, which is a beautiful mountain with breathtaking views. Brandon arrived early and had already scoped out a couple great places for the shoot. I had sent some ideas that I wanted for some of the poses I wanted and he made sure we got all of the shots I wanted. He really took his time with us and that really impressed my fiancee and I. After the shoot, his turnaround time was very quick and efficient. I had a couple extra requests as far as the editing goes, and he had no problem making them. Even with those extra requests, I had my final proofs back within a week of our photo shoot!! I have received so many compliments on his work and I even used one of his photos for my Save the Dates!! I would recommend Brandon to anyone, it was truly a great experience working with him!
5	My wife and I used Brandon's Photography for some graduation pictures of our daughter and they were really good. We've used a number of experienced photographers in and around Scottsdale during the past decade or so, and would have no qualms hiring Brandon again. Good service and great pictures.  Well done.
