4	great pizza and wings.  good service and easy.
4	Great pizza with made in store dough. Only tried their standard crust but plan to try the thick crust and some wings soon.
5	Have fallen in love with their White Pizza with chicken on garlic butter crust! Highly recommend it.
4	Great pizza and wings !! get delivery from here at least 3 times a month definitely recommend it
5	Fast, friendly, NOT a corporate chain. FRESH ingredients.Chicken Parm sandwhich. Outstanding!  the bread does not overwhelm the sandwich but it stands up to the sauce!  Boneless hot wings are so tasty and you don't make a mess eating them!  SALADS are so fresh, so crispy, the fresh herbs sprinkled on top are a nice touch.PIZZA is great - all toppings taste fresh and they are generous with sprinkling them around! This place DELIVERS next door to the pool hall Jester's Billiards so you can enjoy dinner while you hang out!
4	Rino D's and I go way back, to right when they first opened. They've been our family's go-to pizza place for over a decade (though NYPD has really brought it with regards to pizza) and we still hit Rino D's about once a month or every other month.This has to be said: Rino D's has categorically the best hot wings in the valley. (And frankly, likely the entire state.) They are HUGE, with their delicious sauce (which I believe is based on the Frank's Red Hot original style, true to real wing form), and most importantly, they're perfectly cooked.So many wings (I'm looking at you, Vine) are previously-frozen, dingy little sticks of sadness, slathered in sauce after the fact. Only Rino D's makes them perfectly, cooked in the sauce and then fried up properly. They're simply amazing, and they never freeze their chicken--it's their secret to success with the wings, and you honestly CAN. NOT. find better out here.The pizza is a slightly more meddling affair. I'd recommend that you ask for it with thick crust (available on sizes up to large), and try their garlic butter crust flavoring. The pizza is damn decent, fresh, and well cooked, and the staff is always really nice. It doesn't scream out and grab me like NYPD's amazing pies do, but they're also slightly different in style.All-in-all Andy & company have done amazing things with this tiny space. The wings are serious showstoppers. Get 'em hot and they'll ruin you for all other wings. The pizza is damn good, the prices are right, and the staff is fast and friendly. Great neighborhood pizza joint.
4	This was more of a 3.5 start experience as far as taste goes, but I'll round up for good prices, quick service and aesthetics.Seriously, check out the picture of my pizza. What a good looking margherita! I was surpised how scrumptious it looked coming from a tiny strip mall place.Overall, the taste was good but didn't blow me away. My favorite parts were the delicious, high quality cheese and heavy dose of garlic. The sweet sauce and thicker crust reminded me of a stepped-up Domino's.
5	My husband and I are huge fans of Rino D's. We order only about every month or so, but we've never been let down with our order. Other chains near us (I won't name names) that claim to be gourmet pizza places, have screwed up our orders more often than they've gotten them correct. As for Rino D's, great wings, great salads and great pizzas! I can order an individual (mini) pizza with nearly 7 toppings for about $8.99! Their salads are customizable and better than most any other pizza place with delivery. Very consistent flavors and I highly recommend the Margharita pizza. Does not disappoint!
5	We love this place! Delicious food and quick delivery. I highly recommend it
5	I was looking for something a little different than the usual pizza places. I found this place online and decided to order their supreme pizza.  WOW! Best pizza that I have ever had, and I have had a lot :p The crust was super soft with a little crip on the edges, and not too thick! The sauce just the right amount . TONS of cheese and I didn't even order extra cheese. Give it a try, you will be hooked.
5	By far the best pizza I have had in AZ, and the wings are good too. Pizza sauce is what makes the difference, and they use good cheese so its not oily or greasy. Yummmms.
5	This is thee absolute best pizzeria!!! I have been a loyal customer of theirs since 1998 when they first put their menu on my door! Love the food and especially the service! When your there you're treated like family!
5	Great pizza and wings, always use for delivery, definitely a step above the rest!
4	Went here for the first time and figured out it is more to go than a sit down. So we ordered pizza and wings to go. The prices were awesome, the pizza was good, and the wings were meaty. I will definitely eat here again. It was nice to find a great to go place.
5	I LOVE the pizza here! Even better though are their WINGS! I have been going to Rino D's for as long as i can remember! I have never been dissatisfied when i have gone! They really do not have much of a sit-down and eat. Either get it for pick up or delivery. If you are looking for a new pizza places or just GREAT pizza Rino D's is the spot!
5	Just had delivery from rino d's.SUPERB!Both my wife and I work in the restaurant biz ( I'm a lead cook at a local casino and she heads up the kitchen at a local gastro-pub).We don't usually get to spend a dinner with each other and the kids, but when we do we want a good meal, and that usually means I cook it :) (jab at the wife)I didn't want to cook tonight, and we have a rare occurance of coinciding evenings off, and she wanted salad and I wanted pizza.I've ordered from here before so I knew they had both.After showing her the menu online, she wanted ' EVERYTHING' , but was hesitant about the fried apps getting here crispy ( you know how hard it is to box a hot crispy popper and have it not soggy from the steam after a 20 minute delivery)After convincing, we ordered the poppers, fried zucchini, Mediterranean pizza and anti pasta salad.The phone operator (name unsure, but whoever it was @ 5PM on 8-28-13) was very knowledgable and accommodating.I asked if they had a cucumber ranch for the fried zucchini, an she said ' no, but we do have a tzatziki' ( prolly for a gyro, not sure) not many phone operators could relate the two. I was impressed.Finally, the food arrived, all is amazing, the fried food my wife was hesitant about is still crispy ( almost like the cooks knew it was for delivery and to cook it just that little bit more, perfectly) and we are happy.  So much so that we're looking for a babysitter :).
5	Great Pizza always fresh ingredients, the Margarita Pizza is my favorite. Their wings are big and meaty. Wonderful wonderful place to eat.
2	The quality was just not there for me. Pizza tasted like something you would get in a elementary school cafeteria. Cheese was congealed into a weird single layer that was not stringy and softly melted. I was not feeling the over use of dried Italian herbs that sprinkled everywhere over the pizza. The crust was really disappointing, bland, and didn't have the crunch with a chewiness I was yearning for. Only reason I didn't give them 1 star was the wings that we order were pretty good.
5	Rino D's is some good stuff. My wife and I recently moved in to an apartment nearby and in our welcome packet was a menu for Rino D's. We ordered once and haven't looked back. I'm a wing snob, I was spoiled by a great wing joint in Utah and until Rino D's I hadn't been able to find wings that would satisfy the cravings. My wife adores their pizza and if our budget allowed we'd probably have Rino D's weekly. The staff has been friendly and deliveries prompt. These guys are top notch.
5	I have considered this my favorite pizza place since 1998!! The food is TOP OF THE LINE and the service is even better! I love all employees and the owner, fantastic group of caring, considerate, fun people! I am never disappointed and it's the one place all my family from out of town looks forward to eating when they visit! Tasty crusts, juicy wings, incredible sauces... We love you guys!
5	Best pizza I've had in years. The crust is perfect, not too crunchy or too chewy or too greasy, and the sauce is equally well balanced. Also, do yourself a favor and try the Greek Salad.
3	The cheeseburger pizza is incredible. Salads are heavy on lettuce and too expensive for what they are. Delivery can take a while, but it's worth the wait.Overall a pretty good pizza joint.
5	My favorite pizza in Gilbert. The margherita pizza is my absolute favorite. A lot of people shy away of review negatively because their pizza is NOT like commercial pizza chains. It is fresh and delicious. They have pretty good specials as well. Definitely my go-to pizza place!
5	Perfect pizza crust - I almost died eating this pizza it was so---- good. I don't love pizza and for me to say this is the best pizza I have had in a long time is really something! Friendly people and easy to order and take out from. A real treat we found via Yelp. You want great pizza? Look no further.
5	Loooove this pizza. Buffalo chicken pizza is my favorite. I usually do carry out because I live  right down the street and they've never took more than 20 minutes to have my order ready. Online ordering is easy to use too.
4	Stopped in here because I was craving pizza and was not disappointed. As an added bonus I had joined their rewards club and got 50% off my first pizza (any size)! I ordered the much talked about margherita pizza and it was delicious! The real mozzarella cheese was centered on every piece and the tomato sauce was perfectly sweet, but not too sweet. It was a really great tasting pizza! The crust, though, was the highlight. I got the garlic butter and I don't think I've ever tasted anything so good in my whole life. Wow. Nicely salted and buttery with a crunchy, yet chewy crust. I almost could have wiped all the toppings off and still been completely satisfied. Yum!I guess the four stars was because I didn't really get the punch I like from my first taste of a new pizza. Like I needed more of a intensity. Like another reviewer said (and I am completely paraphrasing) it's like Domino's on crack (totally paraphrased). It was good, good, good pizza, the crust was the shining star and the fresh whole milk mozzarella was such a good taste along with the sauce, I guess I really did just feel like it should have been...more. I'll be back, though, don't worry about that. It's some really good pizza!
4	Very good pizza!  Good ingredients, awesome crust and friendly service.  Highly recommend to anybody.  Can easily see this turning into my "pizza spot"...
