5	Had low expectations , but worth every penny, Peter was our guide, very knowledgeable, great voice and extremely insightful, he had two teenage boys listening to every word
5	A seperate review will be written for Taliesin West itself, but as is the case with the FLW foundation everwhere in America the staff here is superb.  Helpful, dedicated, informative, and truly happy to help others explore the life of a very complicated man.  I'm thankful for the foundation because otherwise who knows what would have happened to Wright's works in his passing.
5	One of the first things we did after moving to the Valley, was to join the FLW Foundation at Taliesin.  I have written about Taliesin on their Yelp page, but felt strongly that a separate one was needed on the important work of the Foundation.  If like me, you have driven past a Craftsman style home and wondered about the history of this style of architecture, then this might be a good place to start.  FLW and his Prairie style of architecture left an indelible mark on American landscape and culture.  If you don't live in the area, but appreciate the effort of FLW, please consider giving a gift, or as we have become a Family member for as little as $75.00.  I have attached below a little introduction written by the Foundation on their website."The Frank Lloyd Wright Foundation maintains its international headquarters at Taliesin West, in Scottsdale, Arizona. As the organization founded by Wright to be the repository of his life's work and ideas and the first to bear his name, the Foundation is engaged in a broad range of activities to preserve Wright's legacy; provide opportunities for the public to learn about the principle ideas embodied in his work; increase public awareness of the importance of architecture to society and the individual; and stimulate a demand for excellence in architecture and design."The Foundation owns Taliesin West (designed 1937-59) and Taliesin (designed 1911-59) in Wisconsin. Both properties served as Wright's personal homes, studios, and architectural laboratories and are integral to understanding his genius. The Foundation works in partnership with the Wisconsin-based non-profit organization, Taliesin Preservation Inc., to conduct programs related to preservation and public access at Taliesin. Both Taliesin and Taliesin West are recognized as National Historic Landmarks, the most elite designation on a national level available for cultural properties in the U.S. Both properties were also nominated for U.S. World Heritage Tentative List status. "The Foundation owns and manages the vast Frank Lloyd Wright Archives at Taliesin West. The Archives - the most complete collection of work by an individual artist housed in a single facility - is the primary resource for scholars and researchers studying Wright's work and the principles and philosophy underlying it. The Archives is vital to museum curators and others interested in developing exhibitions, films, videos, and books about Wright's life and work. The Archives is also the major resource for the licensed reproduction of Wright's decorative designs."The Foundation operates a broad range of education programs including the accredited Frank Lloyd Wright School of Architecture - a continuation of the apprenticeship program Wright established in 1932. Over the years the program evolved to meet the changing education requirements that architects must obtain and the school now offers both a Bachelor of Architectural Studies degree as well as the Master of Architecture degree which has full professional accreditation from the National Architectural Accrediting Board.  Additionally, the Foundation operates a broad range of educational outreach programs for youth from grades K-12 and a summer camp at Taliesin West. "http://www.franklloydwright.org/web/Home.html
4	This place was pretty cool. Downside is that you can't just walk around and looking at Talein West, you had to buy tickets for the tour. The 1 hour tour ticket was $20 which was expensive for 1 hour but it was very good insight. I like how the tour guide is an actual architecture that went to talein west. He gave us plenty of good insight into why things are designed the way they are and we got to walk into some of the buildings. I think everyone should go and check it out at least once. Downside: the prices online does not match the matches at the location, they need to update their website.
5	I have to say that we love looking at architecture design, so having learned about Taliesin West, we knew we had to check this place out while we were in the vicinity. Soooo glad we did, because this place is amazing! I could try and tell you about it, but like most architecture, you have to SEE it to understand and/or appreciate it. I can tell you that my favorite part of this place is the Sculpture Garden...so many amazing forms and figures upon which to gaze. Truly beautiful stuff!I have to admit that we lucked out, because as many folks have already pointed out, there is a fee to take the tour. However, because Hubby's uncle is a catering manager, he's overseen many catering events that have been held at Taliesin West. Because of that, our group of four was allowed in for free to follow him around pretty much every nook and cranny of the grounds. It was all very informational and educational and enthralling.Thumbs up to the staff, who were all very nice and courteous and had no problem letting us go into areas that the tours did not visit...altogether, a great experience! :)
5	The is not a lot of culture in Scottsdale but this is a sure gem.  It is beautiful and there is so much to learn and enjoy from a trip here.  Frank lloyd Wright's work is really fascinating and its fortunate to have this in our backyard to enjoy at any time.
4	Very informative and cool tour!!  Char, our guide, was awesome!! Got some interesting ideas for our remodel!!
5	Extradinary place highly recommend a little pricey but beautiful, tour is 90 minutes.
