4	Had to get a lot of blood tests done for a physician who ordered a fairly comprehensive battery of exams.  I was given the check off lists of exams that needed to be performed and to stop by any of the Quest Diagnostics locations around Las Vegas.  This particular location is identified as the closest office based on the zip code I provided when calling their toll-free number.I went just after noon on a Tuesday and was expecting a long painful wait without having scheduled an appointment, but was happily surprised that it wasn't too long.  While I sat in the waiting room that can seat about 20, I was catching up on the news that was being reported on the HLN channel on a small television in the corner. Once I was called in by the nurse, I was directed to one of the rooms to have what seems like a lot of vials of blood samples collected.  During the 4-5 minutes process, she kept making small talks to make the procedure less boring and possibly distract patients that maybe afraid of the needles/procedure.  She was very efficient and made the entire process as painless as possible.The lady in the front that checks you in is also very nice.So if you are ever in need of services from a Quest Diagnostics office, I would recommend this location if you live or work near this location. There are plenty of parking, and if you need some food or beverage right afterwards, Boba City Cafe is just a few suites down on the right.5 for availability of parking4 for condition of the office4 for the friendly and efficient services provided4 for costs, which will vary depending on your insurance coverage.3 for the automated phone number to locate the nearest office and scheduling appointments.Overall, a solid 4 stars rating.
4	Bring your lab slip with your lab ordered tests given to you by your physician, have your insurance card ready, and once inside, find the sign in sheet, after that, have a seat and they call you up to verify your insurance and take the lab slip. After you sit back down, they call you back in order of when the front desk has completed your paper work.  Some of the staff have been here for years, they are courteous and friendly. Staff was professional and quick no waiting long time here.  My husband had to go through this the day before and he made appointment was there about 15 minutes.  I didn't make an appointment but went at 7:30am and was done in about 20 minutes.  This location seemed less busy then some of the others.
1	My son and I coming from our Doctor's appt and already fasting...so might as well get the lab work done.  I could drive all the way to where I work or just go down the street and have the labs done at Quest. BAD CHOICE!No one really in the office and so we were helped right away.  (The girl at the desk looked like Deena on Jersey Shore-just thought I'd add that)Got called back right away and my son went first.  The phleb did not look confident at all looking at my son's arm and had to call the Deena-lookalike.  She did not look confident either but poked him on the left arm anyways.  MISSED!  I can see my son starting to get nervous and he is actually doing well considering he is so scared of needles.  (Poor baby)Then they keep asking him if he drinks water...OMG....I can understand if my son was sick and dehydrated but don't blame my son for you missing his vein!!!!Then they poke in the right arm.  MISS!!!!   WTF!!Are you new???  I can understand if you are new...but when you start telling me to tell my son to start drinking more water....you are lucky I did not poke you in the eye.How about saying you are INCOMPETENT and APOLOGIZE FOR  MISSING THE VEIN IN MY SON'S ARM.What makes matters worse is my son tells me on the second try, the needle came out and they poked it back in.  BAD!!!!!!  Bad practice, and stupid girls.  Where did you get your license???  Who the hell passed you????You need to do more check-offs and not blame the patient if you miss!I held my anger in and exclaimed, "We are done" and took our requisitions and left in a hurry.  Boo on this place and boo on the two girls.  NEVER I will come to this place nor will recommend anyone else to do so.  I felt so bad for my son.
1	Horrible. You sign in and are ignored. No one ever seems to be called up to the desk, or greeted or even simply acknowledged. I came here for a simple drug screen for a new job. After 25 minutes, I went to the front desk and asked...since at this point, the bottles of water I had been drinking were working their magic. I was very rudely told that I needed to wait my turn. I left. I figured that I could find another location later in the day. Well, I found one just down the road! I was welcomed at this location as I walked through the door. A smile and a 'hello'! I was shocked. Are these two offices really representing the same company? If you want nice service, don't go to this location. Go down the street to the hospital location where you will be treated with respect.
5	Again, I have had a positive experience here.  It's very crowded and there is not great time to come, but from experience, I have learned it's best to schedule an appointment.  They guarantee to see all scheduled appointments within 15 minutes of the appointment time.  So it pays to schedule!I also signed up for Quest app on my I Phone and as soon as I know I have to do labs, I click on the app and choose my appointment date, time and location.  They also have an app that allows me to obtain a copy of the results, and I can print and keep them for my records. They staff are friendly, very capable at their craft (drawing blood isn't always so easy) and have always been happy to see me.  Remember, be sure to schedule!
4	Doors open little bit before 7am to start processing paperwork, first appointment 8am.  But as soon as the doors open, the waiting room fills with people.  I know from previous experience here, that they guarantee to see and scheduled appointment within 15 minutes of the appointed time, if you have no appointment, it's sitting and waiting for all the walkins, be sure to make an appointment.
5	It is very hard to find nice people working in the medical field. All employees were very nice. I have incredible anxiety when it comes to having my blood drawn, I am almost 30 years old and yet, I cry like a baby when I have to do it. The lady drawing my blood, was not only nice and understanding, but incredibly sweet and patient, she took her time to make me comfortable and even joked around to lighten up the mood. I apreciated the kindness in such a vulnerable moment for me. Outstanding service! My advise is for you to make an appointment, you will be in and out in no time, if not, get ready to wait a bit (which would be your fault for not making the app)
1	This poor clinic needs something to help with the funk!!! It smelled strongly or poop & urine! I wondered  for a second if I was in the restroom. It felt really dirty & germy, more so then the other quests I've been too... (Note to self, drive a few more blocks down to the other quest by spring valley hospital!)
2	So slow!! The staff was really slow and more busy talking about what they were gonna do over the weekend then hurry and bring patients back... I hear they have appointments... I will do that next time and see how long it takes....
1	This location is awful! 15 minutes into our wait the receptionist began to argue with a patient. The patient was confused on what to do w their paperwork, which is understandable, however not to the receptionist! She responded to her questions, "Well you can go somewhere else. You do not have to be here!" As she is saying this a nurse/doctor came out and loudly announced to the waiting room, "We apparently have two people that are getting sick in the back so because of them it will be awhile before anyone else will be seen. So because of them your wait will be longer"!! Seriously!!! This made my husband and I uncomfortable and unwelcome. Honestly not the way to approach any situation. Any and all medical facilities need to have compassion and patience this place is far from either!! Oh and my husband and I left after this announcement was made so who knows how bad there bedside manner could have been.
1	horrible peoplepoor customer service.angry that you have interrupted their day.  can't say enough bad things about this place.
4	Easily made an appointment online for 12 noon.  Signed in at 11:45am with no one running the counter.  A few minutes later, a busy phlebotomist breezed by the counter and said to sit down in a very dismissive, unfriendly tone.  So I sat and wondered how long would this take.  A few minutes later, four of the staff were at the counter talking about their manicures.  This must not be a very fun job...I understand...no one wants to be here.  But truth be told, I was called at 11:58am, my blood-test was performed, and I was back in my car by 12:03pm.  Don't expect southern hospitality.  Get in, get out, and move on.  Next!On a side note, you can also make an appointment on the automated phone line.  I made a reservation on each system (phone and online) at the exact same time in hopes of getting the earliest appointment.  Online gave me an appt for the very next day, while the phone system said the earliest appt was three days later.I always recommend smiling and being nice but it may really help if you do this at Quest.  In my short time there, I actually got a couple of the staff members to smile.  It makes a difference.  Be well.
1	this is the worst company ever!! be aware everytime you see quest diagnostics you better run!! they send you bills to your address and if you dont pay they have a terrible collection agency but im going after them with my lawyer! be careful!
