4	I've gone to Great Clips a few times in the past, but this was my first experience in Arizona. I was willing to give them a try, especially with a coupon on hand. I waited about 5 minutes before the stylist saw me. Upon entering, I thought the wait was going to be longer as several folks were waiting. Fortunately for me, all the stylists wrapped up their customers at the same time..I was seated in the chair and the stylist asked how I wanted my hair cut. She promptly did what I asked. She did a great job and was very happy with my haircut. The stylist was very pleasant and had a nice conversation, but not to the point she talked my ear off.  I was in and out within about 15 to 20 minutes. I'll take that anyday!
4	Very nice people, helpful,did exactly what I needed.
5	AWESOME!  Need I say more?  Cindy is rockin'!  Great lady, great stylist and a great haircut.  The Great Clips iPhone app is excellent and very easy to use plus it tells you about how long the wait is before you even get there.  I'm a bleiever!  thank you Cindy!
4	I came in on July 3rd, 2014 in the afternoon. I was in kind of a hurry and needed a moderately complex haircut. I was called in by Gayle I believe. that was the name on the receipt she was the Asian American women. I was not being particularly pleasant at the time and she was very patient with me.  Definitely would not mind getting my hair cut from her again. Even ended up getting a more than decent haircut in the process even though we had a minor tiff in the beginning. Glad that this great clips has some good stylists in its employ.
1	Went in with my girlfriend  and she was looking to get a trim after waiting about 30 minutes they tell us they don't cut extensions...why didn't they tell us that before waiting 30 minutes.....? Ok...
4	I've been here several times, being a former ASU kid and never quite moving out of Tempe.  They have great deals - those $7.99 sales (I feel like I've achieved crazy coupon lady status whenever I chance upon these), and the convenience of checking in on their website so that you can minimize your wait in-store.I had long-ish (about mid-back) layered hair and just yesterday cut it into a long bob and I love it.  The lady (Alicia, I think) was a perfectionist and gave me wonderful advice on how to style my hair.  For instance, how I could hide the fact that my bangs were framing my face - something typical for layers, but not quite advisable for bobs, and how to get rid of those ugly duck tail edges, since it's at that awkward length where your hair follows the curve of your neck.Taking off a star because my boyfriend's hair wasn't quite as stellar as mine, having his hair trimmed by somebody who literally graduated from cosmetology school a week ago.  There were several long strands that were missed and cause I am a little OCD, it took a tremendous amount of restraint on my part from plucking off those strands before we reached home and I could find a pair scissors.
4	For a quick, inexpensive haircut, Great Clips is my choice location. Their mobile app is excellent for finding one nearby (Yelp is good too!), and getting checked in ahead of time. I've been able to walk right in and get seated without waiting around for my name to be called. It feels like you're cheating the system, but all is fair in love and haircuttery. The price for a haircut here is cheaper than many others and competes with Supercuts. All said and done, I can leave with my ears lowered for under $17 bucks including tax and tip. The stylists at this location are really friendly and make for an enjoyable experience. To get your money's worth (and avoid those stray itchy hairs all over your neck), ask them to rinse your hair and add a little product before you leave. It's easy and makes you look presentable if you're going back to work or a social affair. Though you're not going to get all the same attention to detail of an upscale barber, sometimes all your head needs is some routine maintenance.
2	they just wanna get rid of you and charge you. worst great clips ever
