2	The staff here was very nice and polite. He answered all my questions, but unfortunately they were just all the wrong answers. He couldnt find any problems with my teeth other than trying to get me into see an orthodontist for braces? I went in for a cleaning and a severe pain in my tooth. I had been surviving on 3 alleve/day and orajel coupled with salt water rinses. OMG. I was really surprised about the braces since every dentist I've gone to says how straight my teeth are and how they won't make any$ off me. (LOL) Not this office.  I was told there was nothing on the xrays that showed anything was wrong with my teeth but that he would do a*root canal and see if that helped. WHAT? "see if it helps???  This isnt putting a pillow behind ur back and elevating ur knee? You should be confident in your course of treatment. Needless to say I ended up going to another office, much more expensive, but I guess you get what you pay for. Dentist B found the problem immediately and it was the tooth next to the original one that I thought was hurt. (and that was before the xray) It ended up I had a cracked tooth and the nerve was being agitated. It had been cracked for years and I just didn't know it. I'm glad I didnt let this office try out a root canal on the wrong tooth. Luckily all I was out was $40. If all you want is a cleaning... try them out and "see if it helps". If you need serious dental work/help, I'd get a second opinion.  Please note I'm only sharing my experience. You may have better.
5	Last week, I took advantage of the awesome $40 new patient offer (cleaning, xrays and exam). I must say, that I was a bit nervous, considering that I hadn't been in to see a DDS for nearly six years. When I met up with the good doctor, he gave me a through exam, and cleaning. This $40 deal came in handy because I currently dont have dental insurance. Unfortunately, I did need a procedure, but not visiting a dentist for six years may have had something to do with that. Dr. Tran was very gentle care careful. It was evident throughout the anesthesia and procedure that MY comfort came first, and that he would go to any length to make sure that I wouldn't be in too much pain.Now that its about a week later, I feel good. The treatment plan that Dr. Tran provided helped me, and has me on my way towards superb dental health.He really is the most fantastic dentist I've ever been to. He is careful, informative and cares about your comfort. Can't say that about the other dentists that I've seen in my life.
5	Not much I can say about Image Dental other than that they were awesome!  I hate going to the dentist, as does everyone, but Dr. Tran and his staff made me feel very comfortable.  I had a crown done and had so little pain inflicted upon me because of it... I barely even felt when the novacaine was injected.  I'll definitely be visiting Image Dental or Dr. Tran's other office as long as he is practicing and I am in Vegas!
5	Yeah, I moved to Scottsdale almost a year ago. Yeah, I drove all the way to Vegas, just to see my old dentist in Las Vegas. Why, you ask? Because he IS the best.I paid my first visit to Dr. Tran almost a year ago, and saw his deal on Yelp back when I didn't have insurance. You can see my old review, where he only charged me $40 bucks for a cleaning and X-Rays.Yesterday, I was proud to come back to him and bring him my problematic mouth to fix again. I won't go into the gory details, but I knew I could trust him, and once again, he came through with his awesome professional care!This office is great. Dr. Tran and the staff do a great job in making sure that you feel safe and painless, if you are getting a cleaning, or even getting things drilled. The digital X-rays are pretty cool because you can see close-ups of EVERYTHING.The staff is very chatty! This is a MAJOR MAJOR strength and helps ease any anxiety you may have. You'll feel like you are hanging out with friends. And if you are lucky, you might even have the chance to pick the movie they are playing in the office. I chose the Tom Hanks classic, Big. Score for me!Thanks Dr. Tran! You guys are awesome!
5	I've been coming to this office since 2007 when Steve Ngo was running the show. Its been a seemless transition since Dr. Tran and his staff took over Image Dental and I'm happy to be a patient here. I also like how modern all their equipment is compared to a lot of the lame quick fix places in town that just sandblast your teeth for a couple of minutes.  Showing movies on the TV up above makes cleanings go by a little quicker too.  So if you're not happy with your dentist, go here!
5	Have been going to Image Dental for about 2 years now, and couldn't be happier. I had previously gone to other dentists in town who use mysterious devices such as the Diagnodent to scare up cavity business and use high pressure tactics to sell procedures such as deep root cleaning. Image Dental is not that kind of office - Dr. Tran is kind, soft-spoken and he takes care of my teeth in a way that gives me confidence and assurance that if anything goes wrong (like chipping my tooth on a small stone in my nachos) he will fit me in asap to fix me up. Image uses ultrasonic water-jet instruments to clean teeth, so the teeth cleaning is quick and thorough - I'm always surprised how little time it takes to bring my teeth back to a smooth tartarless state. The office itself is on the building's top floor and has patient chairs that each have a wall-to-wall view of the Vegas Valley and flat screen televisions that play Netflix movies. The sunlit environment is very unique to this practice, and is representative of the cheerful staff. I have had a long history of dental issues: 13 cavities since childhood, two oral surgeries to uncover and move teeth growing in the roof of my mouth, and braces. I have spent days of my life squirming around in a dental chair. No more squirming - it's amazing what a competent dentist can do for you. I continue to be impressed with Image Dental's work and recommend that if you don't love your current dentist, call Image Dental for your next checkup.
4	Thanks yelpers. I love this place! First off, the staff is really nice - on the phone and in person. Second, even the dental assistant was amazing. His hands were gentle as he placed those x-ray film thingies in my mouth, making sure that they fit comfortably. Then when he pulled them out after taking the x-ray, he made sure those foot long strings of saliva didn't happen.  Awesome.The dental equipment and office is clean/modern. The dental chairs have a flat screen tv to keep you busy while you're getting work done. Dr. Tran is great. Super nice and open to any questions. I am definitely coming back again.
5	My husband first went to Dr. Tran and raved and raved about him.  So, when I finally overcame my fear and hatred of the dental office, I also went to Dr. Tran and now I am singing his praises too.  The ENTIRE Image Dental office is awesome.  From the front desk staff, to the dental hygienists, and of course Dr. Tran.  This is the first time in my life that I actually look forward to my visits (and not only because it is an hour when I can put my feet up, sit in a comfy reclined chair, and not have 2 kids fighting for my attention).  Every single visit has been professional, kind, and compassionate.  The office is modern and state of the art.  It is obvious that the staff takes pride in their work.  I am so glad my husband was recommended Dr. Tran, because I now have a smile that I can be proud of too.
5	I go to Dr. Tran and he's awesome.  Everyone in the office from hygienists to the office staff are friendly and welcoming.  The office makes you feel like you're part of the family and will take care of you as such.  I've always thought that if there was such a thing as an existentialist hell, mine would be going to the dentist, but not anymore!
5	I've been coming here for many years and the staff here have been amazing! They always make excellent decisions and make sure my mouth is top notch!!
1	I would give their dentist Dr. Lisa Hoang a 0 star if there is a choice to do so. I had a horrifying experience with Dr. Hoang at the Dental Image on Sahara . This doctor is a con artist, and has absolutely no professionalism. She told me that I have gum disease, and need a special deep dental cleaning along with four root canals and plus one implant, and quoted me more than $10000 of dental works up front. I almost cried after what she has told me. Luckily I went to two other dental doctors and got a second opinion the next day. Both of them looked at my X-ray and exam me in my teeth. it turned out all my root canals are just normal cavities, I don't have gum disease, and the implant I can easily fix it by putting a crown on it. I ended up paying only $650 and got everything done! DON'T GO THERE! You will be the next victim!!!
2	I have been going to this dentist for several years, but after numerous problems with the support staff, I have finally given up on them. The Dentists are very good, but the administrative staff and management are incompetent. The last straw was when they changed my appointment and didn't notify me of the change. Then they had the nerve to "scold" me for not confirming my reservation, that I did NOT make...
5	Dr. Lisa Hoang is AWESOME!It's been a few years since I've been to a dentist so I was so not looking forward to this visit but to my surprise, Dr. Hoang answered all my questions and totally made me feel at ease in understandable language.  The hygienist did a great job with my cleaning-pain free and showed me how to brush and floss my teeth correctly.  I had no idea I have been brushing too hard and flossing the wrong way.  I was scared that I was going to need tons of work.  Luckily, I only needed a filling! Dr. Hoang explained everything to me before she even started. And as she did the filling, she constantly asked if I was okay.  Nothing hurt and I was completely relaxed.  DEFINITELY FOUND MY GO-TO DENTIST!  WOOHOO!
5	Went there a year ago for check up and was impressed with their professionalism, both the staff and Dr. Tran. I had a minor issue but the dentist decided to check and repair existing crowns (i've had a lot of work done in many countries so my teeth are an interesting mix to say the least) and I had my share of nightmarish visits to the dentist. I came out of there with the feeling like I was not being ripped off (which is quite the accomplishment as I am convinced every medical professional in this city will at least try to milk you for what you're worth, though that is my paranoia taking over). In any case, I went back on many occasions, even brought visiting family members there and Dr. Tran and his staff were always attentive to our immediate needs, explaining clearly what the procedure would be and how much it would cost, so there are no surprise bills. My mom had to go back multiple times to adjust her dentures and they did this at no extra cost at all. My sister-in-law had an emergency while she was here and Dr. Tran repaired a bad crown in a matter of hours.They now have their own lab so the wait for crowns is even shorter.Best dentist ever.
5	Dr. Hoang and staff are great!!!  I could not have asked for a better dental experience.  Quick, fast and painless!
5	Let me just start this yelp review by saying this was my first dental visit in a few years. I am not really fond of going to the dentist, but I knew It was time to go in for my check up. So I made an appointment at Image Dental for my oral check up and X-Ray. When I arrived there I was greeted by Dayna and Amber. Amber was great she made me feel comfortable and cracked jokes all the while informing me of what I need to fill out and the information that I needed. After the paperwork was done, Lorita took the X-Ray and introduce me to Dr.Hoang.          After a short period of looking at the x-Ray Dr. Hoang told me that I needed to go to an oral surgeon to extract a tooth, after that news.. I wasn't a happy camper, but it is what it is. Dr. Hoang was honest and I appreciate that.        I would also like to mention that I do not have any dental insurance and thought that it would be expensive, but they worked with me about the financials and kept it affordable for me. Lori, the hygienist, did my deep cleaning. She also told me that if i felt any sudden pain just move my hand and let her know. I didn't feel much pain and she did a great job.  Overall it was a really Great experience,I was in and out in an hour.
5	When looking for any health care professionals, the most important thing for me is the doctor's respect for patient's questions and time. I tend to ask a lot of questions and expect professional answers. Drs tend to feel like I'm questioning their credentials which I am not. And usually when they feel offended because of my questions I know they are not the doctor for me ( sadly it has happened before where I had to walk out and call state regarding an eye doctor). Also my time is just as important as the doctor's, so I do not want to feel like I am being rushed and the wait is reasonable. And most of all the care I receive. Dr. Lisa Hoang was above and beyond. Aside from graduating from one of the top dental schools in America (UOP in SF), she was polite, professional, caring, and respectful. I had 5 cavities filled, a deep clean, and had to get an impression done for my night guard. She didn't try to sell or push any treatments on me. She explained everything she was gonna do before she did it because I told her I get anxiety (not with the pain but the thought of someone in my mouth and not being able to move or do anything about it). She also asked about family history and educated me about how to care for my own teeth and mouth to delay the inevitable. My son was there and she was really patient with him too, they let him play with the office's ipad. I would think she is good with children even though they are not pediatric dentists. Overall, she was VERY knowledgable, did not push or make me feel to get treatments done. But with being so knowledgable, she would sometimes use medical terms I did not understand, so I had to ask her to simplify- which she politely did. It was a  not-as-scary-as-i-thought-it-would-be experience. Parking is also tricky, make the turn into a round-about, dont park in the storage facility.
5	I was eating soup, I felt something hard in it and spat it out. It was my molar crown! It's fallen off before, I've had problems with that one as it was made by a pretty careless and painful dentist - the kind that scares you off from coming in for proper care. My dentist for my visit was Dr. Amy Tongsiri. She was just so adorably friendly and bubbly! We chatted and felt at ease- I absolutely loved her! Her whole team was so nice and gentle as well when handling my teeth and really mindful of the water/saliva stuff pooling up as I feel like I tend to choke at most dentist chairs. It's so simple, but why don't more dentist put sunglasses on people?! It was nice not to get blinded by the light.I was hoping that I can just cement it back in, but she recommended that I get a new one made that fit better. I had it from when I was pretty young and my mouth shifted since and it's probably why it popped off again. What also sucks is that I had 2 cavities now - on the tooth in front of this crown and the one behind it. Boo! I do have cavities from when I was a kid, but I've gone a long time as a adult without new ones.  It's such bad timing, as I don't have insurance, but will in a few months. It's always a expensive fix to do dental work, but they worked with me to make it as affordable as possible.The cost of this crown was actually cheaper than what my original one cost. Much better made as the material is stronger, has a lifetime warranty in case something does happen and has zero metal like my old one.Ever have something made, had to have a temporary and then come back two weeks? What's great is they have a lab downstairs and for some items can be made in a few hours and put in same day! I went to grab some lunch and came back to have my crown put in. I actually had Dr My Tran put my crown in and he is how I found out about this place. I met him and his wife years ago at a event so I've always had it in the back of my head to come here.The office is also run impeccably well. I appreciated that my actual appointment time is when I get in to be seen as I've been to offices that was perpetually 1 hour behind. The front of the staff and billing were all friendly too. When I came back a few hours later to place my crown, they were on it of informing the dental team and I was back having it placed in no time.Let's face it, dentist get a bad rap. It only takes one bad trip as it is a pretty vulnerable experience that is frankly scary for many people. When someone is all up in your grill, it's important to feel they care about you. I'm not scared or hesitant to come back here. This is one of the most pleasant dentist experiences I've had. They're doing dentistry right here. Absolutely recommend them!
1	Bait & Switch! Dishonest, sloppy, unorganized business.Booked specifically with Dr. Amy Tongsiri via Zoc Doc based on the great reviews I read for her online. All the texts and email confirmations I received--from both Zoc Doc and Image Dental--noted I had an appointment booked/confirmed with Dr. Tongsiri. The office even called me the day of, about 2 hours before my appointment, to confirm my insurance information yet failed to mention that Dr. Tongsiri does not work on Mondays! Even worse, when I got there, they didn't tell me she was not in that day or ask if I would be okay with another dentist. Also, they insisted I get x-rays done despite my having had them taken a few months earlier already when I was just there for a cleaning. I explained that I relocated from NYC but can have my old dentist send over the x-rays and reschedule if they really need them for the cleaning as I don't want to take another set and expose myself to radiation unnecessarily. Their response? "Well I guess we're not the right dentist for you." Obviously, they have too much business to care about customer service.The icing on the cake, the receptionists never actually told me Dr. Tongsiri was not in until I corrected them after they kept referring to the dentist as "he"  and called them out on it saying that it should be "she" since my appointment was with Dr. Amy Tongsiri--only then did they admit she was not even in the office Mondays and was only there on Wednesdays. No apologies or remorse for the false advertising and misinformation. Simply "Ok, thanks for coming, guess we're not the right dentist for you" again.
5	I have used a number of dentists for many years and Dr. Tran is by far the best I have ever used. I have an unusually hard bite and I have been hesitant about letting someone crown all of my teeth. I have ground many down due to a severe grinding problem. After using Dr. Tran to crown a few teeth and being able to walk out with the correct fitting on the first try, which has never happened in the past, I knew he was the right one to crown all of my teeth. He has been an amazing help to me and guarantees his work, which for me who has cracked a few crowns, it's a must. I don't think at this point I could go with another dentist, unless I moved out of Vegas. I recommend Dr. Tran and his staff to everyone I know and I would recommend him highly here on Yelp.
1	So... We used to see the dentist at Silver State Smiles-- Dr. Tongsiri and her crew. They were gracious, honest and a really nicely ran little office. Oh yes, our appointments sometimes ran late, but the feeling of the office wasn't customers coming in for an appointment-- but family popping by and being taking care of. Since I have four children-- I truly enjoyed knowing that we were being taken care of and not simply customers. The crew also never tried to 'upsell' procedures.Well-- as things do-- all good things must come to an end. Silver State Smiles merged with Image Dental. Now, my family member went in for a cleaning-- normal cleaning-- no biggie and expected to see Dr. Tongsiri. Who did he see? A stranger. Well, that's okay, right? As long as they're good at what they do and honest. Even though they merged with Silver State Smiles-- they demanded a redo on his current xrays. Okay-- it's not a huge procedure and the insurance company will pay for new xrays-- go ahead. That's fine. But then they said he needed a deep cleaning-- which isn't covered by dental insurance and they know it-- and he actually does not need a deep cleaning.Warning bells ring out! I am sickened by dentists who try to upsell procedures that are not necessary to clients. This family member is already very leery of dentists and it took me many many years to find a dentist he'd be willing to go to-- well, hey, guess what? Not anymore.I'm also very irate that they are demanding new xrays on everyone even though they merged with the other office. It's enough work to get my kids' cleanings done on time, but to demand xrays that don't need to be done just so they can pad their pockets with the new clients? Draw your own conclusion.So I had a family appointment for me and my children to go to the dentist this week. I called to cancel and when I talked to the receptionist-- I stated that I was not satisfied with my family member's treatment there and the receptionist? She yawned. I said I'd like to cancel, but if Carla or any of the other members of the staff from Silver State Smiles would like to call me and discuss the issues my family member had, I could literally hear the receptionist's eyeballs clacking back in her head as she rolled her eyes at me. "I'll just cancel the appointment."They really do care about their clientele at Image Dental, don't they?
5	Excellent place!!! Everyone is very professional and friendly. They have the greatest front desk I have ever seen with a smile from start to end... And yes, you do have to fill out paperwork, just like at any other Drs office... Dr. Rana is amazing!!! Very gentle and truly listens to her patients concerns...I would recommend it to everyone!!! You'll  be very happy! I am!!!
