4	I guess I'm the first review for the new Desert Ridge San Felipes.A fun new happy hour spot!  My review is based on atmosphere and drinks only, because all I ate was some chips and salsa (which was yummy!).  Sat on the patio for happy hour on a Friday evening, didn't leave until after 11pm.  Fairly good prices on decent margaritas ($4, I think).  This location doesn't turn into the clubby-like atmosphere like the one at DC Ranch does.  But they have some good music, great people watching at Desert Ridge and it's a chill place to hang out with friends.
2	UCK!!!  I went in here a few weeks back with a couple of hockey buddies after a dinner at Yardhouse next door.  First off, we felt like we were already there while eating dinner because of the thumping of the walls from the music.There is no cover, so that is a redeeming quality.  We walked in, used the bathroom and walked out.  Total round trip: 5 minutes.  This place will hold a lot of fodder for our website.  www.uradoosh.com  For sure!
4	I went to San Felipe's at Desert Ridge for a happy hour on Friday night.  I had never been to this location, though a former version of myself may have been seen at San Felipe's Flagstaff in the club (and maybe even on the bar...).  I believe they took over the location where Fat Tuesday used to be.  I was quite impressed with their happy hour and their ability to accomodate a large group (10+).  The service was pretty good and the specials were very nice.  $2 per beer in the buckets that we were getting.  And while I didn't get any appetizers, they were half off, and the cheese crisp that someone else ordered looked pretty good.  I also liked that the happy hour ran from 4-7p.  Haven't been to Yard House for a happy hour for awhile, and it seemed like theirs ended at 6p.  Four stars for the good service, cold/cheap beers and good hours for happy hour.  Next time I plan a happy hour, San Felipe's will be on my list.
2	Met up here with a large group for HH earlier tonight.  It was my first visit to this new location, and it was pretty busy for a Thursday.  While I might try it again just due to the location, the service was so horrible that it will be a long time before I consider organizing another large group function there.  I arrived after my group's first round had been served, and I think it was almost 30 minutes before I could get a drink!  Furthermore, one of the guys in our group finally went up to the bar to get a round of drinks since so many of us had been waiting so long, and he was turned around and told to go sit and wait for the server.  Not cool after a long day at the office!  That combined with turning off the misters a bit too early on a hot evening = a one drink and bad first impression HH for me.
3	I love their grilled fish tacos.  Service for lunch is better than for dinner.
3	Came here for a friend's birthday a couple weekends ago, it was a Saturday night and we had some food right before the kitchen closed and stuck around til closing.  It wasn't overcrowded but it was still busy. Its pretty small, with the "dance floor" shoved in a small corner.  The music also seemed to be dated canned bar music with nothing current.  Maybe if I was a little drunker I wouldn't have cared, but that part seemed pretty generic to me.
1	so this was my first stop over here after i got off the plane for my 49er weekend....it was rite next to dave/busters....shouldve went to dave/busters first & never step into this establishment =x....i knew not to even look @ the menu when the free salsa tasted nasty...i think this place is for peeps that dunno what tru authentic mexican food is...it gets one star since there are flat screens showin college football...our bartender was classic...we asked for hefenweizen....he said "we dont have that beer here"...then we asked can we have a blue moon...he said "sure~we have that"....that made my day
4	Great food! Fun Atmosphere. The Colorado sauce is kicked up a notch, but sooooo good! They also have a great salsa fresca. They are interior of the desert ridge mall so you have to go find them from within. A great party place!
4	I visited in the middle of the week to grab a quick bite with a friend. I had been before but never to eat, so I had no expectations for the food. Because it was slower this particular day, we received pretty prompt service. I have had a good time here in the past, have never been disappointed and must say that it is definitely a fun place to go. For these reasons, I started it out at three stars.What put it over the top? The food. Not wanting it to sound like an insult, I refrained from telling the waitress that the grub was "not bad for bar food". As a matter of fact, I highly recommend the fish tacos. Amazing! Having visited the land of fish tacos, AKA Southern California, I developed an affinity towards this tasty delicacy. The rice was flavorful and not the speedy stuff that some Mexican joints serve. The black beans were surprisingly great as well. It was an excellent treat to have such a great meal at a place that can easily be labeled as a trendy casual cantina. Of the ones that I have been to in the Phoenix metro area, the food here makes me a fan. Like the menu reads, they "just don't make money by selling beer and t-shirts". Try the food if you get a chance!
3	So my friend was convinced we needed to be at IMAX 2 hours before Avatar started and guess what?...we didn't. So to kill an hour  we headed to San Felipe's next door. I love the look of this place..it's flashy and fun.. tons to look at. On the agenda.. drinks..1/2 off anything normally $8 or under...Not a bad deal at all. My friend and I had the "Panty Dropper". You would assume this drink to be strong.. right? Nope..tasted refreshing but not potent. For food I ordered the "Shrimp PO Amigo" - 1/4 loaf of french bread, covered with shrimp cheese and garlic spread.. perfect. Summary I wouldnt go here to tie one on..it's typically pricey for drinks with low alcohol content..food is decent though. Great place to kill time.
4	This is now the closest location (since the DC Ranch location closed) :( Stopped in to meet some friends for happy hour and good to know that this location is happenin too!! Although I really dont enjoy the parking situation at Desert Ridge - it tool me 20 minutes to find a space on a friday night....and then another 10 minutes to walk.There seem to be some angry drivers there!....or really thirsty :)I recall the days at the DC Ranch location....watching the civilized lunch/stroller crowd turn into the counter-top dancing /drinking kind!! Good to know that it has toned down some - or maybe that comes later.
2	Fun atmosphere- not too great food. Took my kids (3 & 8) and we had such poor service. The server gave my kids giant glasses with straws, but then gave the table next to us kiddie cups. When I asked for the same cups she acted all put out and never came back with them. Then she charged me adult beverage prices. We also had to request a to go box three times.  I have eaten here three times now- never that great. Street tacos are 75 percent cabbage. They have left the avocado out of my salad . I went once for a school function- the taco station beef tasted like Mc Cormick's taco seasoning. I must admit the chips and black bean salsa are great, but hey it is Arizona we can get that anywhere.I may meet up with the gals for drinks and chips, but not bring my family here ever again.
4	My picks:The Ultimate Don Julio GrandHawaiian's Gone FishingHoly GrailGrilled Shrimp Taco ComboThis is the best happy hour in town hands down!  It's a total steal. I also love that you can go after work or shorts and flip flops .... and you are guaranteed to have a good time.
4	Love this place, so loud and colorful. The surf and turf tacos are to die for. The baja sauce is out of this world. The staff is so friendly and nice. The fist tacos are really good too. Really fun place to sit and people watch, there are some characters walking around desert ridge.
2	We found ourselves at Desert Ridge Saturday night, and my husband suggested we check out San Felipe.  He was a fan of the former DC Ranch location.Not too crowded for a Saturday night.  Ambiance was loud and annoying, but not unexpectedly so.  Not really the type of place to go if you want to hear yourself think.Upon looking at the menu, the first thing I noticed was that chips and guac was $9.  I don't think I've ever seen chips and guac for $9.  Sounded good but not that good.  Instead we got chips and salsa for $3.  The salsa portion was a small 2.5" ramekin or so.  Tiny portion. $3?!  Anyway, also noticed there were no prices on the drink menu.  That's annoying.So our server approached and wanted to take a drink order.  I asked what was on tap.  And then my husband asked about a bucket of Modelo.  Our server, Lyndsey, got immediately confused/defensive.  Not sure why 2 simple questions would throw her off that way.  But, her exact responses, while irritating, are irrelevant.  It was the snippy, defensive attitude that kinda got me. Hello.  If you don't put drink prices on the menu, a guest could quite possibly ask how much stuff is.  Not only did she not know what the exact prices were, her attitude was so off-putting--like the total opposite of someone who wants to provide good guest service and earn a tip.We finally got through the drink order debacle and she took our order and I was already over it at that point.  We each ordered fish tacos and my son had fish and chips.  The fish tacos were generously portioned for the price point.  My son's fish and chips were generously portioned as well.  The entrees were decent.  The $3 salsa was not very good.  It turned out the beers were $4.50 or something.  Nothing crazy that couldn't be printed on a menu.Dinner tab for the two of us and our son was $50.  Inexpensive and filling, but not enjoyable.  Lyndsey was not a good server.  Her attitude was poor and she should learn the prices.Definitely will not be making another stop in.
4	Lovely ambience and food.  Also relatively inexpensive.
5	San Felipe's Cantina will always have a special place in my heart. I've been coming here since it opened, and I haven't been disappointed yet! Here's some of my favorite things about them:Happy Hour - San Felipe's has one of the best happy hours in the valley. Their drinks and appetizers are half off from 4pm-7pm, and my bill for drinks and dinner with friends is typically $20-$30. You can't beat that!Service - I usually sit up at the bar when I stop by, and they have some of the friendliest bartenders in town! They always make me feel at home when I stop by, and they're quick to serve me during the late-night hours. The managers are also really good about hanging out and chatting with the customers to make them feel special. It works!Food and Drinks - My favorite drink at San Felipe's is probably the Mexican Iced Tea. It's a long island iced tea, but they use passion fruit vodka instead of the traditional unflavored vodka. As far as food goes, I REALLY like the baja chicken wrap, the sonoran chicken sandwich, and the steak burrito with green sauce. A quick tip - ANYTHING with the baja sauce is great :)Overall, this place is a lot of fun, and I really like the laid back vibe. I'll definitely be back!
1	The food and drinks are awful. How do they stay in business? I ordered a Pina Colada that was just a small glass of chipped ice. I did not detect any alcohol in it, just some very faint coconut flavor. At happy hour that was $4.50, and normally $9.! What a ripoff. A friend had the buffalo wings, that he described as boiled chicken with hot sauce dumped on top. They were not marinated or cooked properly! Another friend had a chicken salad that was tasteless and mushy. Come on - how hard is it to make these basic items? (The waitress was good.) Desert Ridge has many other places - go somewhere else!
5	great food, friendly staff, great management. They make me feel like family. I recommend the Mahi Mango Sandwich for lunch, the Hawaiian Gone Fishing and Drunk Shrimp apps and their rice, beans, salsas and homemade sauces are wonderful.
4	This location is much smaller then the one in Tempe however it was just as fun and the food was just as good. We had the Holy Guacamole to start and then "World Famous Fish Tacos" by reccomendation from the server. It turned out to be pretty good the baja sauce put it over the top for me. Service was up to par no problems there. Happy Hour prices were awesome, very cheap!! Stayed for a little while drinking until the DJ started playing then called it a night. Overall very good experience, would reccomend to others!
3	I'm in the same boat as Shannon N. San Felipes will always hold a special place in my heart, not because I've been coming here since the very beginning, but because I (drunkenly) asked my boyfriend out in the parking lot. Romantic right? Nothing says "I like you" quite like dancing on the bar's stripper pole to an AC/DC song, breaking your shoe, and then slurring out "So are we doin' this or what?"This little story is told to really illustrate the strength of their drinks. I only had an AMF, a grapefruit shot, and a Long Island Iced Tea and I was ready to commit crimes. They used to have $0.75 shots from 9-11pm, but now they have $1.01 well drinks on Wednesdays.This isn't the greatest place, but the food, service, and drinks are decent. The crowd at the Desert Ridge location is a little older, but there is always a party here after 11pm. And who knows, you might just get a girlfriend out of the deal!
5	I love this place. Every time I visit I come here. I did miss out of Bucket of Crab night :(
3	Many of the options at Desert Ridge are lame, but we needed a place for a little pre-shoe-shopping pit stop. I can't say I was overly impressed, however I credit San Felipe for turning me on to the "skinny" margarita. I ordered the South Beach TAN -- TAN must be some type of shorthand for FANTASTIC. Agave nectar, fresh lime juice and decent tequila -- I would say it was among the best margaritas I've had ever. It certainly blew doors off of my boy's standard marg, which was rather syrupy. We ordered the chicken quesadilla which was pretty average; I give them points for not using liquid smoke on the chicken as so many mall-Mexican places seem want to do. Service was slow but friendly. It took a really long time to get our app. If we'd ordered a meal, we may have been there a while.SFC is a locally-owned chain, so there's a plus for those trying to go local.
2	If the food is marginal you would at least expect the service to be exceptional. It isn't. I'll put up with decent service for great food or decent food for great service, but when you don't get either one what's the point in going?
1	wow.  the service at this place sucks!  Maybe if they tried hiring staff with a little experience, rather than who looks hottest in the skimpy uniforms it would be better?  We would sit for 10-15 minutes with empty glasses and not one waitress in sight.......  no napkins or utensils were ever given to us...... they spilled drinks as they set them down and left without wiping it or giving us a towel..  AWFUL!!    AND not to be gross, but there are cockroaches in the walls!!  There is a small, dark booth on the way to the bathroom that we were seated at, and there were German roaches crawling out from behind where the booth meets the wall!!!  TOTALLY spazzed us out..  they did not offer us any sort of discount or anything...  GROSS!! I guess it makes it more authentic??  The only saving grace of this joint is the drinks are super potent!!!
4	Love the Bowl Fish drink they had to offer. It was fabulous. Overall, we had a good time here. Food served was good. Appetizers varied from nachos and calamari.  The enchiladas with the Columbian spicy sauce was definitely good.
5	What can I say I love this bar! wait a minute thats a different place. well just the same  I have spent many hours here people are friendly bartenders are sweet and very quick to serv you at the bar. at the tables it takes a bit longer but not to terrible. The food is better then average and the portions are big. happy hour is decent at best.
3	We came to San Felipe's Cantina on a Thursday night and they were offering some great drink specials. ALL drinks were half off - can't beat that! We wouldn't have known if they didn't tell us so I think they need to have some more advertising out front. The food was okay - our group ordered some chips & salsa and also an order of quesadillas. The salsa was alright - definitely fresh but I wasn't a fan of the pieces of corn in it but that's just a personal thing. The quesadilla was also pretty good but I felt like it was something I could make at home.Service was great - the bartenders always made sure that we were doing okay and asked if we needed more drinks. This is a solid spot for HH and it gets pretty packed late at night. There's also tons of tv's so you can catch a game!
1	The happy hour prices were decent, but I'd be willing to pay much more for better service. Waitress was not very friendly, and our drink orders were few and far in between. You can't really screw up chips and salsa, but this place had greasy stale tortilla chips and very mild and somewhat "old" tasting salsa. You could probably find better food at a school cafeteria.
2	Okay, not great, server was friendly enough and certainly easy on the eyes but this is more of a happy hour bar place than a restaurant.  Food was not the focus of the business.  Had the burrito with pulled pork and it was somewhat bland.  Won't return since there are many other options in the Desert Ridge complex to choose from.
4	Don't let the "Closed" post stop you! There is another location in Tempe with the same menu. It's in the E part of the mall close to Harkins Theater. Nice open seating area and very fast service.
