5	During an evening out for a family dinner in Waterloo, my sister mentioned a place that she was curious about... Oliver & Bonacini is what it was called and I was like "Who?!" I've never personally heard of it before, so immediately I was all in!! The moment I walked in, I was a fan. The low down of this instant favorite of mine is that it is affiliated with a number of renowned restaurants: Canoe, Biff's Bistro, Auberge Du Pommier and Jump. The food was great, with never before seen combination's of ingredients on my part. Along with a large variety of wines.. a go-getter or trend-setter place to go and enjoy for an evening with that special someone or with family and friends. I highly recommend trying this place if you are into new and exciting foods and flavors!To sum up my experience in one line: "This is fine dining gone main stream..!!"Bon Appetit!!
5	FANTASTIC FOOD! My all time favourite restaurant in KW. Great Italian style food. Wide variety of food and huge selection of wines.
5	Had a very nice dinner there.  Good service and liked the decor.  Liked the 9 oz glass of wine.
5	I went there for brunch with a friend one weekend and it was amazing.My friend was late so I went in and got a table first. The service was great, very friendly and polite. The hostess brought me to a table and asked me for my friend's name so she can bring her in when she gets here. Everything on their brunch menu was tempting. The setting was beautifully decorated too, modern classy. My friend ordered a crepe which wraps spinach, smoked ham, and hollandaise sauce with two poached eggs on top and lots of mushroom and salad surrounding it. I got a bite of hers and both of us loved it. Got to love the plate I got too. I got the eggs n' lox (I think that's the name of it, don't remember exactly). It was smoked salmon, asparagus, and scrambled eggs laid on top of a delicious piece of brioche. Everything goes together so well. The price of the dishes weren't bad either. It was around $13 for my dish, which is pretty good considering its great quality, service, and atmosphere.
4	I don't really know why O&B has a restaurant in Waterloo, but I'm certainly happy about it.Food: Overall, it was quite good. I enjoyed the sliders, which were very cute. However, the pasta special fell short of my expectations. The calamari didn't taste very good, and the sauce was overly oily. We ended off the meal on a sweet note with the panna cotta. It was good, but nothing mind blowing.Service: our server was very nice and friendly. No complaints here.Verdict: I would definitely go back when I'm in Waterloo. Maybe next time I'd come for lunch or brunch.
2	Mediocore food in general for the price they're asking. The shrimp tempura turned out to be popcorn shrimp. I couldn't taste the lamb burger I ordered as it was just smothered in really heavy goat cheese. The pasta and pizza is OK. In general I felt kind of cheated weighing in the food quality and price.
2	I don't get it.  I just don't get it.  Yes, it's beautiful, yes it's a classy joint-'loo has not seen anything like it.  But the food just ain't great-it just ain't.  I've been for brunch, lunch and dinner in 'loo and in Toronto and across the board I just found the food okay.  Mushroom soup (the one without cream/butter-that should have been my hint-duh) was just...pureed mushrooms.  I think the texture could have been smoother, instead I ended up chewing my soup.  Had the waffles once. Tasted kind of like...Denny's.  Mac 'n Cheese-not very cheesy.  Had the chicken panini which wasn't too bad.  It could be re-orderable.  I wish I had the one dish that really made my insides smile, but I haven't experienced it yet.  Maybe one day.  Until then, I'll keep scratching my head wondering why people are 5 starring this place...
4	The food here is pretty good. I love the wasabi tempura shrimp appetizer. The mushroom soup is very rich. The washrooms are designed with a contemporary style, very nice.
4	Pretty good, but now closed permanently. Apparently they couldn't get enough customers to sustain themselves.
3	It was an Italian restaurant, now it is more of a "grill". I don't think the food is spectacular but I have gone back to eat there. In my mind, Waterloo isn't an eating out town. Oliver & Bonacini is located in the Conestoga Mall, across the street from the Destination Inn. And, therefore, very convenient. Both times we ate there, we walked over for dinner. I really enjoyed the Cesar salad both times - maybe I'll make a meal of it if I go back. I had the spaghetti and meatballs the first time and a hamburger the second. Neither dish is something I typically have when eating out but they were both fine.
