5	Lena is the best! A great cut for around $20. Got a shoe shine while I waited too! I've been coming here for over 4 years and would recommended it to anyone.
5	Lena did a fantastic job, for a price that is better than anywhere else in Scottsdale. This is definitely where I will be going from now on.  It's hard to find a place to get a quality mens haircut and shave with a straight razor, but Mercado Ranch Barber Shop does it very well.
5	Everything I expected and a great price. It was a hair-cut I am happy with and cost under $20. I will be going back from now on.
5	Great haircuts. Good prices. Highly Recommended. Cuts hair the way you want it done.Renee O.
5	As good as it gets. Leena is a wonder.  Great  hair cuts, reasonable price and she remembers the way you want it on your next visit and. Leena is very cute.Freddy C.
5	Great haircut, great service and great prices! Lena has been cutting my hair now for about 8 years and I couldn't be happier. It is normal to be apprehensive about trying a new barber. Don't be. With Lena at Mercado Ranch Barber Shop, your hair will look better than you ever believed possible. I don't know how she does it. But she does. No need to look any further. This is the best place to get a haircut. I promise you.
5	Lena has cut my hair for over 10 years. She consistently gives me a great cut. She also offers senior citizen rates . Make sure you call ahead for an appointment.
5	Yep, been going here for a long time, too. Tried others and no one does a better job then Lena!
5	I've been coming here for years. Boris is an old fashioned barber that always does me justice. Highly recommend him. He can do haircuts, shaves and facials very well.
5	For years, Yalena has consistently helped me look good.  I can usually just walk in and always have the same experience.
5	This is my husbands go-to barber shop. He always comes home with a very nice hair cut, by the stylist named Leena. He has been going to her for years and never had a bad haircut. The location is very convenient and he never has trouble getting an appointment, even last minute if necessary.
5	I've been coming here for a couple years and Boris does a great job cutting my hair.  The cut is around $18 and includes warm shaving cream with a razor on the neck, a hot, scented towel over your face at the end, and a brief shoulder massage.
5	Aloha, I've been coming to see Boris to cut my hair ever since I've moved here from Hawaii.  In the past I've gone to salons in Hawaii and in Scottsdale, but for the $36-$50 dollars I would have paid to a hairstylist, Boris is much better.   Boris is a true craftsman and an artist in helping you decide what style would be the best fit.  If you want a good ol' fashioned clean haircut ask for Boris.
