4	This TJ is right by my work, so it's usually my pit stop for $3 Chuck or flowers for a dinner party or making food at home. Just last week, I stopped there before my mom's birthday dinner and picked up a small pot of roses, then went right next door to Wine Rack, where i picked up a bottle. i was on my way in less than 20 minutes- sa-weet.
5	It warms my heart to see all the Trader Joe's locations receiving favorable reviews.  This is the closet one to my home, so this is where I love to do most of my grocery shopping.If I had to find fault in Trader Joe's, I would find it in the meat selection.  For the vegetarians and vegans among us, this is obviously not an issue.  I, however, find myself at the Safeway in the same strip-mall in search of ground turkey or salmon.  Other than that, TJ's is my favorite place to find inexpensive, healthy groceries.  The inner-anarchist activist in me loves that the store feels like a large co-op.  My inner-capitalist pig loves that it is not.  At any rate, I am a big fan of the store brand which means (from my perspective, at least) great, cheap food.I'm also into some of the wines there that can be had for as little as three dollars a bottle.  Good stuff!
5	Their prices are amazingTheir frozen food section is diverseTheir dairy is hormone free and very freshTheir flowers are pretty n shiti love me some Trader Joe's
5	This Trader Joe's location gets 5 stars from me for:*Always being clean (This is a make or break for me on whether or not I will come back to a store...yes a store!)*Rarely being out of stock of stuff (and even when they are, not for long)*Friendly and uncreepy staff*Great Prices*Close to my house (lol)One word of caution...do NOT go shopping here on a Sunday afternoon...it is PACKED and parking can be a little bit of a bear...
5	Trader Joe's ... the hippy place.  heheActually, the hippies have it right.  It's an excellent grocery store.  It's my wife's "Happy Place"...which means I go there :)  They even have free samples!We moved away from the valley for a couple years and she made me drive an hour and a half (one way) to go to a Trader Joe's so she could stock up!Their plants are very nice...we have like 800 orchids all over the house (she can't resist getting at least one every time we go).
5	Is their anyway this place would not get 5 stars??The place has super nice staff.  Great Wine selection and tons of high quality cheap stuff.Love Love Love this place.  I love the cali hippy vibe.  Love how I get a ton of stuff when i am there of high quality and it doesnt kill my waller.Trader Joe you Crazy Guy
5	Trader Joe's how I love you so. When I see you I feel at home.All your organic food and flowers are dope. When I walk inyou draw me in like the dark hole. I wonder and wonder around like a lost soul coming home. Trader Joe's how I love you so.
3	Its A-OK. Never have the desire to just go up here and start shopping, especially with the Safeway right in the same parking lot and Frys across the street. But, having said, this is a cute little(emphasis on little) neighborhood store. Very NY vibe-ish. You won't find your regular stuff here. At least most of the regular stuff anyway but you sure will find more ethnic stuff.
5	Great place to get food if you don't feel like having to pick between 5 different brands of the same stuff like in regular grocery stores. They pick the best stuff and offer it to their customers.This is the only place where I buy stuff based on their samples.Some items which are unusual  but very welcome are things like frozen mashed potatoes. The convenience of flake potatoes with the taste of real potatoes.The only thing that annoys me about this store is the children carts. There are kids that push them in circles or other random patterns and when the store is full of patrons it's almost impossible to navigate.
4	Umm, okay, I had to give you guys one more star Trader Joes! Why you ask? Well, I came to your abode a few days ago looking specifically for castille soap. Yeah, I am driving hubs crazy with my homemade concoctions. I asked someone in the bread department where it was and that he walked me back way out of his way to show me. Really friendly staff. I am still docking one star because you do not carry essential oils other than tea tree oil. Got some organic avacadoes for cheap also and they were really good quality, unlike the ones I normally get at Fry's.
5	We love Trader Joe's. In fact, when my husband and I moved from California and we were deciding where to go, my qualifications were that it had to be a place that had a Trader Joe's and the Food Network. Back then in 2001 Ahwatukee didn't have a Trader Joe's and I had to drive to the one on Guadalupe and McClintock, but that was good enough for me, but Trader Joe's must have felt the love, because they came to me. The toddler and I probably go to Trader Joe's at least three times a week. Me for the odd fruit, cheese or wine, him for the tiny shopping carts and samples. We all have our vices. We seem to know nearly everyone in there now and the toddler gets a balloon every time (of which the cat eats the string off of every night then regurgitates - but that's another story - the fun never ends). We love you Trader Joe's. We love your tiny shopping carts, your "na-na's", your samples and your balloons. We love everything about you.
5	mmm got buffo mozzarella cheese with fresh basil form Trader Joes I love that place!!!
4	It took awhile for me to accept Ahwatukee as my de facto TJ's because it's closer to where I live than the Tempe location at McClintock but I think what has won my loyalty with this location are the staff. As a frequent TJs shopper and my bff Sara V. can vouch for that since most times I'm on the phone with her at TJs, the staff at the Awhatukee get the four stars over the Tempe shop. Ok... granted there are some cute guys at TJ Tempe, this one has staff that actually talk... no, actually remember you and be genuinely friendly and not "friendly because I have to be since it's customer service". I feel so bad that I don't know the girl who's the friendliest to me at TJ Ahwatukee but when I shop there she makes my visits worthwhile! The store is larger well maybe slightly larger than the Tempe location but it's got a good layout to it. Never had complaints with TJs whatsoever, for the most part they have been flexible with items I have returned and the prices are cheaper than Whole foods and AJ's. I heart you Ahwatukee TJ!
5	I absolutely love Trader Joe's!! Such a tiny store with so much to offer! Granted, I couldn't make all my grocery shopping here but I definitely buy many of the items on my list. Their produce is pretty good, they have a Brioche bread loaf that is amazing for French toast, the pies, cookies and scones are delicious, wine selection is good, beautiful flowers. One of my favorite products are they frozen meals. The Gorgonzola gnocchi is fantastic!!!! The staff is courteous and helpful, if there's something you want to taste, they'll open it for you. That's how I found my chocolate and sea salt covered almonds addiction:)While they can get very busy at times, I never had a long wait at the registers. Now, I do have one problem. I have bought some of the sliced cheeses and while the expiration date is months away, they get moldy a week after opening them. That never happened to me before when  buying cheese from other stores. Another time I bought cheese curds and they were already moldy! I know I could have returned them, but  didn't had the time. I love the store too much to take even half a star from them, so I'll just buy cheese somewhere else.
5	I love this TJ's.  It's a great place to stop and pick up an nice bottle of inexpensive wine, or some kind of tasty treat to take to my parents house.  I love the selection of unique items here.The samples are pretty good too, and they usually convince me to buy something new.I like to poke through the cheese selection and find something new to nibble on, or pick up some fresh bread.I also like the fact that they often have great prices on much smaller sizes of items - I don't have the room in my fridge or my tummy for the bulk sizes that many other stores offer.
5	This Trader Joe's is awesome!  The service is great, the employees are so helpful, they make great suggestions.  Hazel in the floral group recently helped my husband special orders some flowers for our anniversary.  Greg & Jonathan are always super friendly.  They have so many great great products, like "no yuck" yogurt for my girls.  Products include many "gluten free" items that are well labled.  For GF people we recommend the Edmame Crackers.
5	Fabulous!  Always have what I looking for.  Always clean.  Always in and out quickly.  Always friendly.  Always healthy wholesome options.
5	I love Trader Joe's - 'nuff said.Their prices and selection are awesome.Why else would every road trip to Phoenix, Tucson, or Albuquerque have a mandated trip to TJ's, on the way out of town of course to give our refrigerated and frozen food the best chance to get home safely?  Why else would the cooler be ready to go on all of these trips?Why else would Las Crucens network and send shoping lists with their friends that happen to go to TJ's in Albuquerque or Tucson?So why did I review THIS location?  We just went through town this weekend, and the staff at this location went above and beyond in helping us get contact info for the Tucson stores so we could get everything on  our list (we bought out all the stock at this location, they were NOT underprepared with stock...).  They also offered to make the calls for us.Kudos to these folks...my cooler is ready for the next excuse to fill it with TJ's goodies!!!
5	I love this place. There is always something new or different to try. Selection is pretty decent for the small size of the store. My favorite item is their peanut butter! All natural for under $2. Can't get that price anywhere else.  The employees have always been extra nice - including giving me tips on storing items I have purchased.I love the flower selection. It is my go-to place when I need to take someone flowers.Plus, my kid is in heaven every time they give him a balloon.  Happy kid=happy mom.
5	My good friend works for a major grocery store chain.  When she found out I started going to Trader Joe's, I became "Traitor Stacy."  That's okay, I can own it.  I love Trader Joe's!I'll let a few of my favorite products speak for themselves . . .-Inside Out Carrot Cake Cookies - soft & creamy, best cookie ever-Thai Style Lime Rice - perfect with some grilled fish-Greek Style Non Fat Honey Yogurt-Carne Asada-Frozen Brown and Jasmine Rice (microwave for 3 minutes = perfect rice)-Chocolate Covered Frozen Bananas-Dark Chocolate Toffee Espresso Bits - just a few after lunch for a great sweet treat-Oatmeal Lavender Bar Soap-Low Sodium Roasted Red Pepper Soup-Frozen Shrimp with the tails-off (good freezer staple)-Ready to eat beets (not in a can)-cheese selecionFriendly staff, inexpensive wine, fresh flowers and herbs, overall a great place to grocery shop!
5	Love myself some Trader Joes! Especially but not limited to: mint chip ice cream, the awesome cheese selection, nuts galore, inside out carrot cake and the cat loves the food too (though I've not tried it myself).
5	Where would I be without my TJ's???  I go for everything!  wine, coffee, cheesecake, cookies, and food!  not to mention wonderful flowers!
5	I am in and out here. I love the Natural Organic Grapefruit Juice! Fast and Friendly!
4	big fan ! love it.
5	Trader Joe's is legit in every since of the word. Go here, get some stuff, be happy.  *TIP: my go-to place for flowers on mother's day or when I screw up with the lady friend...nice selection and inexpensive!
5	I love Trader Joe's! This location is especially nice because it doesn't seem to get as crowded as some of the other locations (Tempe and Mesa). It's our go to place for wine, produce, meats, eggs, peanut butter, and then a bunch of other stuff that we end up randomly buying just to try out.
4	I wasn't very familiar with Trader Joe's a couple months ago and have always shopped at the bigger grocery chains like Safeway. After deciding to check out TJ's, I refuse to shop anywhere else for groceries. I love that it's smaller and less overwhelming if you're just wanting to pick up a few items and get out. I love the variety of healthy options and the fact that my grocery bill is even cheaper now! Staff is friendly and I've always had a good experience shopping here. My only suggestion would be more household items so I can avoid making a trip to another store for those items.
5	Best TJ's I've been to in 3 states. Staff is always SO friendly, happy, and outgoing -really makes a difference when people want to be there ;-)  Prices are good and wine selection is awesome - inexpensive and good! Keep up the good work - my favorite location in the valley!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE! Why?  Because the quality of food is amazing, the staff is wonderful, caring and friendly, the fresh flowers are cheap and the wine is great.  I'm so happy I live in walking distance.  What a great place.  You NEED to shop there!!! Oh, and did I mention I love it there?
3	Posting here because we got a brined Turkey from TJ for 2011 Turkey Day.  We didn't have the quill issue and actually everyone thought it was delicious. So I would get a turkey there again.I like TJ's. I just never really head down there.  It's kind of a a specialty shop so it's hard for me to go there and get all my groceries.  They are always missing something a more general grocery would naturally have.The staff is always very nice and the store is pretty cool and they always have nice plants when you walk in.
5	My first trip to my local TJ's proved AWESOME! Jeff is a great, energetic cashier and is always able and willing to help. For example, I once grabbed a thing of Roma Tomatoes and when we rang it up, we found they had spoiled. Without question or contest, he tossed them out and ran and grabbed me a new container. 5 stars all the way!
5	Okay, let me start by saying that TJ's can do no wrong in my book. I love love love them! They have a great selection of everything I need (and a whole lot I didn't know I needed!). I visit them about twice a week to stock up on all the necessities. Their yogurt, hummus, falafel, sugar free chocolate bars, and blueberries are on my must-get list. And now they have ORGANIC kale! It just gets better and better. My only minor complaint would be that it is kind of irritating to wait in the checkout line and then have them open it up for people who haven't been waiting. Perhaps they could make an effort to open up a checkout line and invite people who are next in line in the neighboring checkouts? Anyway, I love this store!
5	Love this place! The place is always clean, employees are super friendly! The sushi is fresh and tasty! The wagu burgers are the best deal in town.
5	It is Trader Joe's.  I think that says enough as it is.I love their teas, frozen food, natural cocoa, now their pumpkin coffee.I can spend 25 minutes there and spend over $100 and do not regret a single penny of that purchase.
5	Who doesn't love trader joes...
5	I got vegan meatball! Yeah !!!
5	One of my favorite places to shop!
5	I drive 30 minutes every week to shop for groceries here.  That is all you need to know.  Everything here is great.
4	Tucked in a Safeway shopping center its a bit small inside however it has the necessities you will need.  I love coming here for quick healthy lunch choices - I am a fan of their premade salads and grab a banana or other piece of fruit for a filling lunch without weighing me down for the rest of the day.  They also have featured recipes at their back kitchen where you can taste and get inspired to cook something new.  So stop in either for lunch or some cooking inspiration.  And don't forget to bring your reusable bag!!
5	A lot of great products with fair prices. Some good deals. The service is great, cool staff.
5	I love our Tukee TJ's its just a really great store and the employees are all super nice.
5	Love this store! It's clean, organized and the staff is very knowledgeable. I know that my food is always fresh and healthy. I do all of my grocery shopping at trader joes and recommend it to every one of my friends and family.
4	Awesome selection of health foods! Great staff- very friendly and informative. We live in Maricopa but I will likely be making the trip to Ahwatukee more often just to do some shopping here!
5	Favorite wine store. Great selections and pricing you can't beat elsewhere. Always receive fabulous recommendations from the staff and my "go to" for wine and cheese parties!
5	I've been inside many Trader Joe's and they all sell the same things and while the prices might be the same this joint feels really cozy .. i love the layout feels like home even tho i don't live in Phoenix
4	Guess I've never reviewed this location before but they have all the same yummy stuff as any other Trader Joe's. I think maybe they have more produce than the one on McClintock? Anyway, I am a huge fan of all their healthy snacks and reasonably priced wines.
5	I have been a patron of Trader Joe's since the early 90s and I just can't get enough (Depeche Mode playing in background). I'm not a huge fan of eating frozen food but Trader Joe's provides some of the best options available.I love their wine selection and you really can't beat two Buck Chuck but should really be called three Buck Chuck. They also have great juices.  I prefer the one hundred percent cranberry over other cranberry juices because I can can mix with other juices how I like. Trader Joe's also has a great selection of produce that while most of it is prepackaged is still quite good quality.  Prepackaged and good-quality can seems like an oxymoron but I'm sure you understand.  The health and beauty section is very small it is chock-full of good options such as Tom's deodorant.  They got rid of the lavender oil but they still have the lavender soap which is an absolute favorite mine!
5	Tader Joe's is awesome!  This location is very clean and well organized.  They have a great selection of specialty items, and some of their own brand items that I make special trips for.Great selection of wines, cheeses, and fruit. I love that they carry fresh lychees!The employees have always been friendly!  Great place!
5	What else can you say about TJ's? There's a reason people talk about it like they're in a cult. My faves: dark chocolate covered almonds with turbinado sugar & sea salt, frozen mango/vanilla bars, dried mango, vanilla almond granola clusters, dried bananas (later put in said clusters), prosciutto, Rosemary Italian crackers, mahi mahi burgers, coconut crusted cashews, Sardinian thin crackers, pita crackers, green chile chicken burritos, many types of trail mix, any flower bunch, green tea mints, orange flavored sparkling water.In a perfect world they'd have some bad-for-you-products with more preservatives-better buns for hot dogs & burgers comes to mind, sugary jelly, but I understand why this isn't found here. I'd rather get my cheeses, beer, and wine from elsewhere, and for some reason the chicken often has a weird texture, but the good far surpasses the minimally bad.Very friendly and helpful staff at this branch, never had anything other than smiles on check out, and they've watched my son grow and always say hi and talk to him. Very efficient check outs, surprisingly never a long line, even on weekends. Makes my waking up before they open to avoid the crowds TJs experience in Union Square NYC way back when a distant memory.
5	Trader Joes has some of the happiest employees I have ever seen. They smile when you walk in and never fail to offer assistance with anything you may need. (They even helped me strap my groceries to my bike) they have a great vegetarian section and I always find something new to try. I rarely wait in line long, they have an excellent response time opening extra registers. Their flowers are lovely, i cant help myself, I always bring some home. :)
5	Incredible customer service, always friendly, courteous and helpful! I am always excited about the seasonal selections, beautiful displays and delicious well priced options. They are very kid friendly at this location. Love it!
4	Trader Joe's in Phoenix!You saved my life as I needed snacks and I am from LA where these are everywhere.Sometimes you need a fix from home and just load up on snacks for the road!
4	Really clean, great customer service, and affordable deals! I love Trader Joes, and this location specifically. Just wish they had some iced coffee available for sale at their store however they don't. But everything else is great!
