5	I love this church! I'm kind of surprised that this is the first review... Since moving to Phoenix from Minneapolis, I've explored several churches in an attempt to find a church comparable to Eagle Brook Church in Lino Lakes, MN. I unequivocally found a replacement with Central Christian. Specifically, I attend the Third Format service on Saturday nights at 6:30pm. This is a non-denominational christian church with all the beliefs one would expect from a christian church. On approach, the building(s) are modern in appearance and very large. Parking spaces abound, and the area is safe. While walking to the main worship center, you pass the children's center, a cafe and a bookstore. Once inside, the dress is casual, and the mood is electric. This service is tailored to a much more edgy crowd, and it is not like a service you may have expected: Rock-like worship music, Lights, Fog, People excitedly yelling out, and it's loud! Everything is so passionate. I love it! And It's addictive... In a good way. Five stars. If it's your first time visiting, I'll go with you. Let me know.
5	This is an amazing church! I felt like it was home on my first visit. While its a big church, people are warm and friendly, and make it easy to plug in. One thing I love is that you don't have to put on your "I'm perfect and have no problems" church face. Its a place to be real, and the sermons are on real topics that we all face, even the pastor and staff. They teach straight from the Bible in a real and applicable way. Its awesome and God is doing some great things here!
5	Central Christian is a church where they strive to make you feel comfortable.  The pastor is sincere, inspiring, and humble.  The music is uplifting.  The messages are meaningful.  But what I really appreciate about this church is that they reach out to meet the needs of the community.  They have many things going on that many churches in the valley don't including Career Connectors - to help job seekers find work, Business Groups, Support Groups, Homeless Outreach, Children's Programs, Sports and so much more.
5	This is our home church since moving to Mesa a year ago. And we love this Church and so many opportunities to get your family involved. The Pastor is incredible and they are biblically sound and we truly love the mission of this church. If you looking try new churches or just moved to the location. You should try it.
1	I'm sure the pastor that delivered the eulogy for my dearly departed friend meant well when he spoke, but I can't get over the fact that he didn't bother getting to know the family at all before the services.  He decided to turn it into a regular old church service and my late friend was an Atheist so it didn't come off as very respectful to me or my other friends that attended.  A good pastor would, assuming he didn't have the luxury of getting to know the deceased when they were still alive, take the time to interview close friends and family so when funeral time comes around, he/she would have at least SOMETHING comforting to offer those of us that need closure.Like I said, I'm sure this pastor meant well, but he did it so half-assed.  As a Christian myself, I truly thank God that we had a chance to get what we needed at my departed friend's mother's house after the services.  She had an after party at her house where we got to talk, eat, and watch films made by our friends about our dearly departed friend who went way too soon at 29 years old.  At least there's that.
5	great services, always a great message about the good news of Jesus Christ!!!
5	You can sense God moving and working in this place.  The service is engaging and the people really have a sense for following God and being Christlike... or at least trying to be Christlike.  When returning here after years of being out of state we were welcomed like family returning home.
