5	First of all I'd like to say that they need a new towing company, that guy kept saying he was "on his way" but he wasn't.Second the staff that works there made me feel so at ease. George & Chris made the time fly. They answered every question I had, Showed me a decent amount of cars. They took in my hoopty that decided to stop working. George drove me to my home, had a tow truck pick up the hoopty [the tow company sucked] and brought me back =] had the towing company not taken FOREVER I would have been in and out in  an hour at most.I will be referring everyone to this location. =]
5	This place does exactly what it's meant to do, help build your credit. George was very helpful and patient as I went through a few car options deciding what was best for me. They were not pushy, which I loved. Will definitely be referring friends to this location.
5	I cannot say it enough how thankful I am for drivetime. It was my first time buying a car. I had just established my credit so I had to have had a cosigner with me in order to purchase one. Having been to other dealers that turned me down for my cosigner having bad credit I was expecting the worst. BOY WAS I WRONG. They help finance anyone and help find a payment that works for you. On to the car searching I wasn't really pick at this point because I just needed something to get me to school and work. They let meLook at 3 cars in my price range, and luckily for me I found a beautiful Toyota Yaris.They did everything they could for me to get my paperworks done as quickly as possible and with no hassle! If buying a car make sure you (and cosigner) bring paystubs and any billing utility. I will definitely be referring people!Thank you again drive time!
5	If you have bad credit like me go to drive time. Joe was the man that helped me and he was great he has awesome customer service skills and a great sense of humor I got a really nice 2008 Saturn vue it's clean and it rides so nice. I'm not proud of my credit but I'm happy I had a place to go to get a nice car I highly recommend drive time
1	AWFUL!!!!!  Completely predatory lending practices and sales tactics. 20 year old got completely taken advantage of, 100% mark up on blue book to sales price, 2 weeks after receiving car broke down, we have paid over 1500 and still unsure of what is wrong.  College student, job, athlete, needs car to get around, NO HELP at all from dealership, took to warranty garage, they cant diagnose whats wrong... would not recommend this place to worst enemy. They only are getting 1 star as nothing lower to give them!
1	Really? A car that is listed on KBB for $5000 and they told her it had a $12000 value cause she had bad credit. And to top that off she was quoted 28% interest on her loan. By the time she makes all her payments she would have paid $27000 for a $5000 car. Save your money! Look on the street and hire a mechanic to check out a car for you. There are great used cars out there if you take your time and find a deal. $85 most mechanics will hook up and diagnostic any car. Rather than get raped by Drive Time. This is why people who have bad credit stay in the red!
2	These guys are Wow, we found a vehicle which was great an it needed to be looked at they said it would be an they would call us.. they next day we drive by it's back on the lot an No call.  Really how big of a liar can you be... No call was made an I'm sure No repair... such bullshit if I've ever seen!..
5	The experience I had at Drivetime was awesome. I talked to Joe on the phone with lots of questions, and he didn't hesistate to answer any of them. He booked me an appointment the following day. When I arrived I was greeted by Glenn who took care of us so that we wouldn't need to wait. We looked at only the cars I wanted to look at and he never pressured me into getting anything else. I ended up getting a beautiful 2012 Dodge Avenger, it was literally an in and out process. They really work with you when it comes to a down payment (you have 60 days to come in and put more towards a down payment to lower your monthly bill).Joe had told me that they do not work off commission, so you really have no pressure to buy anything then and there. They keep your possible loan open for 40 days, so you have time to think. Also, if you refer anyone to buy a car from them you get credit towards your loan. It was overall the best experience at a car dealership I've ever had!
4	DriveTime makes the used car/poor credit buying experience easy.  1) Go online, look at cars, get approved for inhouse loan (everyone gets approved, the amount varies based upon your provable income)2) Get a call from the dealer or set an appointment at one of the two lots in Las Vegas.3) Go to your appointment, pay $1000 down (or more, but 1k is the minimum), leave with vehicle.The good news is that once you are approved, so long as your references and job verification check out, you won't be denied so you don't have to go through hours of paperwork after finding your car to find out you can't get financed.Joe was an excellent sales rep.  They do not negotiate the price so there is no hard sell.  He was very informative about the processes, even refusing to show me a car because when he looked at it he didn't feel it was ready to be seen.  They offer you water and popcorn while you wait.  Their cars are all on the lot and they will take you out on a test drive in as many as you want.   All the cars we looked at were in good condition, clean, and started up immediately with a good sounding engine. I found the vehicle I wanted.   Now comes the reason this place doesn't have 5 stars.  The paperwork took a ridiculously long time to prepare.  I literally sat chatting with Joe for almost 2 hours while they apparently retyped everything that had been entered when I applied into a different system.  They assured me they are getting new systems soon but still you need to know that when you do the purchase, you will need to be there for a while, or go have lunch and come back.The other thing to be aware of, although it is not a complaint, and I do not feel that Joe or the business tried to hide anything from me.  In fact, when I inquired, they were very friendly and open about it.   However, you need to know the payment quote will include a powertrain warranty and a vehicle locator system totaling about 3k.   While these are optional, the payment quote included them and only when I asked was I told they were optional.   Don't misunderstand me, they didn't hide it from me nor did they try to make me keep it when I inquired, but they just didn't tell me they were included on the estimate.  Moral is, read the estimate first before you commit to the deal and don't be afraid to ask questions.  Your payments will be biweekly and they do have a GPS locator and kill switch if you don't make your payments timely.Other than that, the experience was great and I walked away with a car I am very happy with.  If you have difficult credit, this is a great place to go.
