5	So close to my home! Great happy hour prices.
4	I've been meaning to check this place out ever since my personal beer expert buddy/coworker told me it opened a couple of months ago. I decided that game 1 of the World Series would be a good enough excuse.If you know anything about PT's Pub and Sierra Gold, think of this place as somewhere in between the two. It has a nice sized dining area that is separate from a fairly large bar area. They also have an upstairs area that I didn't check out. On this occasion, with the bar being pretty full, I picked a table towards one of the corners.Our server, Dida, was extremely friendly and helpful - probably one of the nicest servers I've ever had. After she read off the list of beers on tap, I went with the Ranger IPA. She mentioned it had a hint of lychee. I totally tasted it on my first sip, but maybe that was because I was looking for it.Their happy hour is the same as all other PT's and Sierra Golds. From 3-7pm (and midnight-4am), you get half off drinks and pizzas. I must say that they have some pretty freakin' delicious pizza. Dida recommended the Gilroy and it did not disappoint. My friends also ordered a BBQ Chicken and that was good too. I think you're supposed to sign up for their Beer & Bites membership, but in the end, Dida gave us the HH price without me having to sign up for anything.
5	being so near to me and having a great happy hour (3-7) and playing any NFL/college football game ask about along with a great staff is the reason you will find me here.
5	Great patio
4	Went here for a party for a friend who found a new job (Congrats Jo!), and they have a great patio seating area.  There are high-top tables, and some lounge couches. There is also a nice inside area you can reserve for group gatherings. The happy hour prices for the food and drinks are a good deal.  Most of the staff are pretty friendly, and it has Golden Tee for those of you who like that game.
4	Excellent service at this location. Good happy hour specials.
5	Maybe one of the best PT's in town!  Great open feel, never smoky, nice patio, separate restaurant for under 21s, and the coolest bartenders.Food is always good and beers are always cold!
4	Great food! Love the music. A bit overpriced, but a good time.
5	I frequent this particular PT's pretty often, as it's the nearest one to my house.  But even if it weren't, I'd still come here.The first time I came here was during the last March Madness to watch the Rebels play (Go, Fight, Win!).  Sadly, the Rebels did not win the game, but hey, who knows what'll happen this season?  But I digress!  It was packed in the main bar area where the Rebel game was playing, so I meandered my way to the restaurant area to watch the game where some other team's fan had set up shop (I don't remember which one).  My friends and I were obnoxious Rebel fans here and through the yelling, we still got pretty great service, particularly considering how packed they were.That level of service is standard.  Every time I've gone since then, the servers have been attentive and friendly, and beverages and food have been received in a timely fashion.  I've been here during random weekday happy hours and early Sunday mornings to watch football (Go Cowboys!) and never a waiver from the good service.  Oh and shout-out to Becky as she's an awesome server!Also, the vibe is relaxed and fun and just overall good.  Since the place is relatively new, there's no smell of stagnant smoke lingering anywhere, and the plethora of TVs is much appreciated.  The crowd, from what I've seen, tends to be in the mid 20s to mid 40s and of the working professional bent.  I dig this place.
1	THE WORST!!!!! I have never. My wife and I just moved to this side of town and have been " shopping" for a new spot. We thought  maybe that this PT,s was it, cold beer pool tables, playable poker machines etc. Mind you we dont ask for much. I had a couple of beers and a shot and my wife had a couple girly drinks. The whole time plugging the video poker machines. We told the bartender that we were going to leave and we were about ready to present her with a $10.00 tip. Not bad, considering we lost $100.00. She then handed us a bill for $27.00. Now I dont know what everyone elses experience is in town  is but if you play, you dont pay for drinks. I told her that I had lost $100.00 and this bill must be a mistake. She then proceeded to inform me that it,s one drink per twenty lost and (looking at me suspiciously). If you really did lose $ 100.00 then I,llcover all but one. WOW!!! I have never in my life taken advantage of the drink system out here and dont appreciate being treated as such. I paid the bill of $ 6.75 and left her the rest out of the original tip money. I will never step foot inside another PT,s again and will make sure that I tell EVERYONE I know to do the same.
3	Hubby, sis, and I came here for some late night grub.  We ordered cheese quesadillas, mini sliders, and a breakfast platter.  Food is OK, typical bar food.  Hubby and I ordered the beer on special, $4 for a large pint (maybe 20 oz?)...not bad.We were the only ones in the dining area so we had the server all to ourselves.  She was nice, attentive, and friendly.  Will definitely come back again.
4	All the PT been too really enjoy this one the best! I enjoy the way the restaurant is set up from the dining area, outdoor patio lounge area and outside dining, nice pool table lounge area with comfortable couch and chairs sit on, and tv more then enough wide screens above the bar or around pool table lounge area. The Happy Hour not agree more with everyone the best HH in vegas. The size beer you get for the price not go wrong period. The food for HH is good too. Draft beers they have bunch on tap too choose from all included in HH price. I like vibe. It fun place too party with friends.
4	My favorite PT's in Vegas. I come here about once a month to meet a friend for lunch. I always order the same meal (Mardi Gras Chicken). I only go here for lunch so I cannot rate the drinks or service at night. Staff generally good, had one time when our food took forever. Chill atmosphere and will be back
5	FIRST OF ALL, this pub is not located as to where it's reported for the profile page. The pub is actually about 100 ft NORTH of the 215 freeway & Buffalo Drive exit. Therefore, right when you exit, you will need to head NORTH, not south. Otherwise, you'll be headed to nothing but vacant lands.This is one of the very few PT's that displays the PPV events of UFC.The layout is great. Newly renovated with lots of TVs so that it displays multiple sports showings. Even has a patio even though I don't really see anybody using it.As any other pub, this particular joint has all the standard alcohol selection that you would find anywhere so there's nothing to really rave about when it comes to alcohol specialty. Maybe the way bartenders make their drinks but they're certified so just trust them!The service is great even when busy. Enough bartenders and servers so that you won't feel neglected. I got some standard nachos and they were DELICIOUS! About 8.99 which is typical but nothing better to complement your alcohol than nachos and/or chicken.
5	There is literally a bar on every corner in Las Vegas but I will always choose to come to this one over any of them. Mostly it's for happy hour (4pm-7pm & 12am-3am) which is half off of ALL DRINKS and pizza. You can not beat that price anywhere!!! Make sure to sign up for their PT's card. One time my girlfriend and i had like 35 shots of Jameson (yea we're pretty crazy) and the bill was less than $50, now THAT is crazy. The best pizzas are the Gilroy & the Spicy Buffalo Chicken. They have a full menu as well with your standard yummy bar food. My man frequently plays their machines and he has come up several times so I know their machines are pretty loose too. There is also a sports parlay machine in the corner. This PTs is a very clean & modern PTs complete with a dining room, 2 billiards tables, a patio, a little semi private couch area and tons of tvs. They also usually charge $10/person for when they screen fights on the weekends and it gets packed! The crowd here is a good mix of young and older peeps. When you go here make sure to tip your bartenders and servers well. Especially the bald bartender, Christos, he's my favorite! Tell him Julie sent you and he'll take care of you ;]]] Also Alex the red head, tell her she looks like Emma Stone, she loves it! HAHA The only negative things I can think of are that they don't really comp your drinks when you gamble and most of the time they don't have top shelf alcohol. But all in all, you definitely need to check this place out.. you're guaranteed to walk out with a smile~
4	Great chill pub to hang out with friends at.  There is outdoor seating and couches out there so you can hang out, lounge, drink and laugh with your friends.  The service is a little slow, but since I was in no rush, it suited us fine.  There are also pool tables in the back and there were a lot of TVs throughout the place to keep you up to speed on sports if that's what you are looking for.I'd go there again not only because they carry Kona Longboard Lager (since most places don't) but also because of the relaxed atmosphere.
4	Bomb nachos, wings, and tater tots. 'nuff said.
3	I came here for a late lunch on Tuesday with my work so it wasn't busy.  PT's is the first bar/restaurant I've been to off of the Las Vegas strip, so it was nice to see another side of Vegas.  Initially, PT's reminded me of BJ's except that PT's has a separate dining room/section from the bar and slot machines. They serve American foods: salads, burgers, sandwiches, wraps, wings, pizza, fried chicken.  I noticed that they also serve BUCKETS of sliders, haha.  Must get that next time... I ordered the bbq chicken salad.  I liked that they used mixed greens and mixed the bbq/ranch dressing into the salad for you rather then having it on the side.  The grilled chicken was pretty dry so I probably won't order this again.  My boss ordered the bbq chicken salad as well but he had them serve it in a wrap, which I would suggest because it comes with a side of fries. Someone else ordered a burger, which looked pretty tasty.I've heard some good things about their happy hour, so I'll probably come back during those hours the next time I'm in the area.
4	Great staff, and home for the Buckeyes on football Saturday's. We dubbed it the Vegas Shoe. Good food specials and drink prices are not bad, not cheap but not too pricey. A mug of Miller Lite or Bud Light is like $5+ can't remember, I always get it on special for football days when it is $4.75 on special from time to time. Food is good, and they have specials usually during happy hours or during sporting events or what not. Staff has been great every time I have been there, attractive, attentive and good sense of humor. What more could you ask for. Definitely one of, if not my favorite of all the PT's
4	Really freakin awesome Happy Hour! This was only my second time going here for HH as Im usually either working or with HB. Awesome drink specials!
4	They have a great happy hour and it's usually not too crowded.  It is a favorite hang out for most of my friends since they all live in that neighborhood.  The food is really good, too.  I've had the pizzas and the wings, both of which were delicious.  The service is always good. They have pool tables and an area with couches where you can just chill a little away from the bar.  There are a ton of TVs so it's perfect for watching sports.  There is also a really nice patio for when it gets warmer outside.  This is definitely a fun spot and I'd hang out more if I lived closer.
4	May be my favorite PTs location (this is PTs Gold) yet. I'm slowly making my way to many of the various Golden Gaming taverns throughout the valley. They do have it all here- patio, separate dining room, bar, lots of seating areas. Great happy hour drink prices, we had a 23 oz. Sam Adams for $3.25. Also had a pizza, which was half off too- $9 for a super large pizza. The pizza used to be pretty amazing at PTs Gold and Sierra Gold.  Now it's just OK. I like the newness of this location, though it's kind of off the beaten path. Maybe that is part of PTs plan to have a tavern on every corner!
4	This PT's is one of my favorites as far as layout and setup. They have a great outdoor seating area, ample parking, and the lounge area is fantastic. Plus the actual location is right off the 215 so it's pretty accessible.Similar to my Sierra Gold review ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/sierra-gold-las-vegas#hrid:MNv6crUqhAN95WRk6guK7A ) I am a big fan of their happy hour.The Gilroy and Buffalo Pizza are my favorites but their monthly specials are pretty good too.My only real gripe is that their turnaround time during lunch time is inconsistent. I once waited 45 minutes for a philly and the restaurant and bar were nearly empty. This isn't ideal when you're on your lunch hour from work... but once the work day is over --- i have no complaints for happy hour.  Half off pizza and drinks is a pretty sweet deal.PT's is definitely one of those places you HAVE to go to at least once to be considered a local.
4	Great happy hour like all PT's. I prefer this location for convenience, their patio and music selections. The staff is as freindly as they can be in a volume place like that but are attentive enough to know they are trying.
5	Never a disappointment at PT's! Especially this one with the nice lounge area in the back and two pool tables. Food comes out fresh and tasty and their pizza's cannot be beat! Especially for $9 on Happy Hour. Definitely my bar of choice!
5	William Hill: I visit occasionally to use the William Hill Machine.  Most of the time the machine at this location has something wrong with it which makes a 5 minute stop more like 20. (Usually it says that the printer is offline) The last time they had to call tech support in the middle of the transaction.  The machine does not take the new hundred dollar bills as of 1/09/14 and is very picky with the actual bills it will take.  Bring lots of cash or be prepared to exchange bills with the bartender.Why a 5 star rating: I have never had anything to eat or drink here so I wont' give a 2 star rating for a convenience they offer customers that has lots of flaws.  Pt's shouldn't get a bad review from me if I haven't actually parked myself at the bar for food, drinks, gambling, etc..I just wanted others to be aware that a different location may be better if you are going just for the William Hill Machine.  If you miss a bet you will understand the frustration.
4	There are PT's everywhere but this is my favorite one. It's like 10 minutes from my house. It doesn't reek of smoke like all the other ones - a definite plus in my book! And the staff is super friendly. I left my phone on the table here once and as I was driving off, the server literally chased after my car and flagged me down to give my phone back! I'd say that's awesome customer service that continued even AFTER we left! I absolutely love it. I always get guinness when I drink beer and yeah, it's always a slower pour and I expect that. The thing I didnt expect is that they always scoop off the extra foam to fill it up with more beer! All the more to love this place :D
5	I ve been to lot of other PT s in las vegas but this place is definitely best and adorable!!!  The outside patio is best mood setting for everyone. Usually go there at night time, sometimes fox come by and eat some food from employee.  And lady who works at night all the time serves us so nicely.
1	I got two Long Island ice teas and they were made wrong I asked the bartender and he said oh I was out of an ingredient and I had to substitute it I told him I should of been aware and he then told me he'll make me a new drink no charge , got the bill and not only did he charge me for the drink he took and spilled out he wouldn't take it of the tab and not being the one to argue I payed tipped him and left , not a giant problem but being that I got to pt's often I'll expect to be shown love , what happened to service with a smile smh
5	Love this place! Graveyard bartenders are awesome and 12am-2am is half off all drinks and food. The "Gilroy" pizza is freakin amazing!
4	"Money AND Peripheral Vision! What a Stud!"The lot was a third full, not unheard of for a 4 PM weekday. I parked away from others beneath a tree in full bloom. Birds were on a nearby fence, waiting for me to leave so they could fly to the pretty tree and shit on my car. Bas-turds.As I walked towards the entrance I looked around. I was more or less in a corporate center. Buildings were everywhere, the people inside wearing nice clothes, talking on phones and stealing looks at office sluts.I strode through two sets of doors and searched for a stool. As always, my acute peripheral vision told me all eyes were upon me. What's more, said orbs continued to track me as I strolled around the establishment. Inwardly, I smiled and thanked my lucky stars for such incredible peripheral vision. What a gift! Not only has it helped me dodge death on countless occasions, it also attracts women left and right and drives them to the height of sexual frenzy. I wish I had a dime every time I was in bed with a lady who kept screaming, "OH MY GOD, MICHAEL! OH MY GOD! YOU CAN SEE EVERYTHING WITHOUT LOOKING AT IT!! MICHAEL, MICHAEL, MICHAELLLLLLL!!!!"Anyway, I found a stool ideally located near no one and sat. The blonde barmaid failed at trying to ignore me and watched as I fed 120 bucks into a video poker machine. She sidled over, suddenly interested in the event of perhaps getting a tip if I won. She asked what I would like to drink and I ordered water. "That's it?""Yes.""Do you want bottled?""No. In a glass with ice, please."She brought me my drink and I quickly managed to dwindle my money down to 40 bucks. But that's the price you pay when playing a $1 game with maximum bets. Each hand cost you 5 bucks. But no matter. Not today. Two hands later I nailed quad fours and a cute little payout of 400 bucks. I cashed out and dropped a twenty for Blondie after she laid my winnings before me. To celebrate, I ordered a Blue Moon and looked around.Very roomy, a few pool tables, a nice TV lounge and outdoor seating. Not too shabby a view from inside either. I liked the abundance of natural light. Decent sized bar with several screens showing news or sports, and plenty of seating at small tables or large. I ordered another beer and stared out the windows.A few more cars had arrived, and a few guys in suits and ties walked in. A party of five with two gals did too. Skirt 1 and Skirt 2 were dying for people to notice them like they had me but to no avail. Tsk-tsk, Skirties. I'd give you lessons on how to make an entrance but you don't look like apt pupils. Blondie came over and asked if I was hungry but I wasn't. Told her that, too. I also told her to take the twenty before I shoved it back into the machine. She smiled and said thank you. You're welcome, I'm sure.I pocketed my Ben Franklins and drained my beer. Back in the lot I saw some nice splotches on my car hood. Viscous white goo with brown swirls. What a treat. Thanks, birdies. Dicks.I idled from the lot and made my exit, but not before asking myself a simple question.Are you going to come back again, stud?I smiled.Yes, stud. I think I am.
5	So I don't really frequent a lot of bars.....JK....yes I do!!!! I've been to quite a few living here on the west side of Vegas, but I always come back to this PT's in particular......it's close by...the bartenders know my name....AND THE MAIN REASON I KEEP COMING BACK HERE IS BECAUSE OF THE EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!! Especially from DIDA!!! If you ever come to this PT's ask for DIDA to be your server!!! SHE IS THE BEST!!! She is always on point with EVERYTHING.....I never have to wait to get my drinks refilled or have my table cleared...even with leftover food she has a take home container ready and waiting!!!! So thank you Dida and thank you to the PT's on 215/Buffalo for always making me feel at home!!!
5	Nicest PT's I've ever been too :) The inside & outside look really nice compared to other PT's I've been to around town. Great place to hang out with a group of friends without having to see all the weirdos and ratchets. Waitress was very nice & attentive even with other large groups in the bar. Sucks that they charge to play pool but I guess that's because it's one of the nicer PT's?
2	I've been to a few different PT's. This is a nice location, but I'm not impressed by the service. The waitress was very slow. We came in the morning, there were maybe 2 other guests she had to wait on. Once she took our order she then asked if we wanted an extra side of bacon or sausage.... No, no I do not want an extra side of meat lady. If I did I would have told you!!
1	WORST SERVICE EVER! We've given them multiple chances, but they just can't seem to pull it off. The first time we went there, my husband went up to the bar and exchanged his ID for the rack of balls to shoot pool, so they knew we were there. I ended up getting on their website and complaining while we were still there, after we had waited more than 20 minutes and still had not had anyone take our drink order.The next morning, I received a very nice email from their corporate office offering an apology and requesting that we come back and enjoy a complimentary evening, which we did, and things were better, but of course they knew we had complained.We went back a week later (Friday nights out are a regular thing for us), and the service was horrible again.We returned a few months later, just to be fair. No change. Again about six months after that, the same. I felt we gave it our due diligence, and honestly wish it were better. Our search for a nice "weekly hang-out" with pool tables in our general area continues.
5	Never had a bad experience, Adam is by far super friendly and funny. Always makes sure youre ok with drinks and def knows how to work a busy bar. Food is good, kitchen staff is also very ontoop of their game. Machines are always clean. They have pool and music videos playing.  Good place for happy hour!!
2	They don't reward players. Was told I get 1 comped draft beer per 20$. But then didn't comp my beer at all or any drinks I had. Also dirty pads on the bathroom all night long.
4	I love getting breakfast here! It's a big meal for just a couple bucks and it's good! We often call it in and pick it up because it's very close to the office.
1	Screw Megan and Danny. Worst bartender and server. Tried to charge us for stuff we never ordered. Wouldn't cancel orders we didn't want. Had a bad attitude about everything. Horrible service
1	I came here on Sunday to watch the Packers game and I would say we didn't have the best service.  The bar was fairly empty but there was just the bartender and cook on staff.  She was overwhelmed trying to get drinks, food, and get the TVs set up with the right games.  First of all, the only "paying customers" that were in there wanted to watch the Packer game and asked for the sound to be turned on.  I was told that the Regional Manager was coming in and requested a different game (Bills/Jets maybe?) to be played.  Since when don't you follow what your paying customers are requesting?  I had about half a mind to march over to that manager and tell him that his customer service skills suck but I didn't want to get in a fight or make a scene.  The bloodies were not good, just tasted like tomato juice and bad vodka.  At least the food was cheap and the beers were cheap, it was a nice change from the Vegas Strip.  We left at halftime.
5	It's PT's, everyone knows what to expect, local bar with great drink prices and decent drunk munchies. Late night, ADAM is the man! Super nice bartender that already knows what your going to have to drink. A nice place to hang after a long day at work. Tip well, those bartenders will take care of you no problem
5	They have one of the best pastrami sandwiches on rye pumpernickel swirl bread in all of Las Vegas!Get there early and beat the crowd, we will be back
3	I used to go here a lot... But then the staff changed and the bartenders just suck now. I still like the waitresses. Its a shame they have to deal wit slow bartenders now.
4	This is a really cute and sophisticated PTs! They have lounging couches and chairs, very comfy! They have two pool tables, $5 an hour--not too bad. We ordered one of the pizzas because it was half off during happy hour, and the crust was thin and it was super yummy! Happy hour is awesome! We ordered a bunch of drinks for half off. It was a fun time with my friends, I would definitely see this place a hangout spot for us in the future. Good food, good vibes, awesome prices. Woo!
2	I spent New Years Eve here because of the extended happy hour. As always the drinks and food are amazing. I've been to this location twice and I believe this will be my last time coming. The blonde bartender was by far the rudest and took for ever for her to serve you. She would glance over but it seemed like she tried to avoid our group as much as possible. We were waiting to buy drinks not just one either but many and it seemed impossible to achieve. I will stick to the ones I know where they're friendly and willing to keep our drinks filled.
