4	i don't really recall how amazing the food was, because i had a few of those amazing margaritas.but my friends that took me to this fine establishment profess the food is delicious.....and so are those margaritas.
1	We started off with the usual chips and salsas followed by 2-item combinations - enchilada and chile relleno served with refried beans, unadorned salad and Spanish rice.  Though restaurant names differ, the same mediocre Tex-Mex food may be found in most casinos.
2	Located inside Sun Coast.We stopped by and were looking at the menu, it was unimpressive and didn't look appetizing.The restaurant was completely empty with only the staff that worked there. We stood for awhile looking at the menu but no one came out to greet us or welcome us in.Judging by the unattentiveness and lack of patrons, I doubt we would ever eat here.
3	This place wasn't busy at all on a Friday night around 7 PM so the group I was with got in very quickly. There are meals over $15, but most were around $10-11. Service was great up until we got our checks because they were taking forever.But, we did order 4 separate checks.My food tasted good; I had the "Chicken Pueblo". But, as far as portions go, my boyfriend was quite disappointed. I would go back if I was in the Suncoast, but would prefer the TGI Fridays near the theater.
3	We came here instead of waiting in the lines at the buffet or coffee shop.  Chips, salsa, and bean dip are standard.  The bean dip was a bit smoother a more moist than many places and it made it great for dipping.I had the carnitas and my wife had the chicken ranchero.  Both are served with refried or charro beans and Mexican rice.  This is simple Tex/Mex food and they do it well.Our server was very much on top of things.  When I asked for Cholula, he told me he'd bring me something.  He came from the kitchen with a cup of nicely hot salsa that is kept there and served if requested.  It could have been hotter, but it did the trick for my taste buds.We've been here before and we'll be back.
2	My wife and I went to the SunCoast today to play a round of bingo. Afterward, we decided to get a bite to eat. My mom has told me that she really likes Senor Miguels, so we decided to give it a try.They had a 2 for 1 fajitas deal so we went with that. We got one shrimp fajita and one steak and chicken combo.We started with the requisite chips and salsa. We were also given bean dip. The chips and salsa were average. I did like that it came with bean dip, as most places don't give you that so it was a nice little surprise.Neither of us were impressed with the fajitas. They seemed very Americanized. There was meat, onions, and peppers with little to no seasoning. All of the flavors were very muted. The fajitas were served with flour tortillas and even there weren't that good. They  were barely warmed and didn't seem to be fully cooked.A couple of weeks ago my wife and I had a fajitas throw down. Neither of us are professional cooks (though I do enjoy cooking; my wife only cooks if she has to) but we both agreed our fajitas were better and more authentic (I'm Swedish, she's Filipino) than these. At least because of the two for one deal, we only had to pay for one order.The fajitas came with re-fried beans, rice, sour cream, and guacamole. All of it was average at best.The star of the meal was the Mexican banana split. I'm pretty sure it's a gringo dish and not authentic, but it was still pretty good. It consisted of a banana wrapped in a tortilla, deep fried, and sprinkled with cinnamon. In the middle were three scoops of ice cream with whipped cream on the side. It was not overly sweet and the deep-fried bananas were really good.I doubt I'll ever be back, but if I do it will be to get a Mexican banana split.
