2	A small little Mexican joint located in a small shopping center, Mr Taco is decent food, but nothing special. I prefer several other small Mexican restaurants to this place, that have better tasting food.This place is pretty small, but I've never seen it packed. It received some publicity in the Charlotte Observer a while back as a Mexican "find," so that's the reason I checked it out. The Mexican dishes are your typical ones, but I've definitely had better. One plus is that it's pretty cheap so you're wallet won't be hurt too badly.Overall, there are plenty of other hole in the wall Mexican restaurants near Mr Taco in Charlotte that are around the same price, with better food.
3	They bring out three kinds of great salsa with every meal! The food is good, not great but the price is right. Great for lunch.
3	Taco joint in a strip shopping center. Food is good and cheap. They actually have two menus: the one for the non-Hispanics and the real one. The English menu has all the stuff you'd expect. The real one has authentic down-home food (brush up on your Spanish, folks).I suspect they do more business from the Hispanic community than from suburban-types like us. I've watched my share of soap operas I didn't understand while eating dinner. Great jukebox (occasionally there's a sing-along). Not unusual to be the only English-speaker in the place.While they have a bar, I'd still call the place family-friendly. Heck, half the time the waitresses kids are playing at a back table.Downside is they "renovated" a few months back and the place lost some of it's "hole in the wall" charm (which may be a good thing- the jury is still out).Friendly, helpful staff (if a little language-challenged). Running joke is "I know what I ordered, but I wonder what I'll get?" We've never felt unwelcome or had what I'd call a bad experience.Just simple Mexican fare. Decent quality. Good prices.
4	I eat here all the time since it is near my work. There are 4 or 5 other Mexican restaurants in the area but Mr. Taco is the most authentic I think. They are always friendly and glad to see you. There are  Mexican folks eating there all the time. The prices are great and I always leave full. The lunch fajitas are delicious and always more than I can eat. It's just good simple Mexican food without all the flashy Americanized junk piled on.
1	My husband and i went here because he was craving tacos and I however wanted something different than taco bell. It wasn't packed at all for a Sunday's lunch. We ordered taco asada and a side of taquitos. The food:We only wanted tacos so that is what we got. The chips and salsa were good but the medium salsa didn't have that kick I was looking for but it was good. The taco asada was good. It had great flavor. While we were waiting for our food we got two beef tacos. We thought it was prt of the deal. It was good but the meat was a little watery. Anyway when we asked for our taquitos the waitress looked at us as if we had them. She says you had them earlier. My husband and I looked at each other and told her we didn't. Anyway they confused taquitos with tacos. Really how could you do that?  The ppl there were great. They were really nice. They even held the door for my husband and I while we were carrying our triplets.
4	Seems more authentic than what you get at other local restaurants. I enjoyed the tacos de asada and will come again to try the fajitas. Give em a try!
3	Not bad, but not worth a trip (and for us, it's a long one). Sunday night is probably not the best time to hit a hole-in-the-wall taqueria, but we were on our way home from the airport. Couple people at the bar, cooks camping a back table.I knew what I was ordering ahead of time, continuing my search for the perfect torta. He got veggie fajitas.Torta was good, possibly the best I've had in Charlotte, but not the ideal I'm looking for. Teleras bread, no beans, skimpy tomato, and almost an omlette of eggs and cheese (I like mine a bit separated, so I can taste each item distinctly). I asked for extra jalapenos and got 3 pieces. Avocado wasn't quite squishy-ripe, and kept falling out of the sammich, onto my clothes or the table. Plus a huge pile of meh fries.Veg fajitas were some of the worst we've had, dried out rice, no flavor to the seared veggies at all other than their own. A dash of chili powder, even some salt, would have improved things.They've got the salsa trio thing happening, yum. Chips were perfect. Prices reasonable (fajitas 8, sammich+fries 7). Service was awesome, and saved this from being a two-star review.
1	This place seems to be closed.
