1	What would you rather pay?$3.99 ? Or $14.99 ? I bought them at the same store "Ross Dress For Less". One location Boca Park [ nicest, cleanest, great staff, most organized location] and Decatur [ messiest most stuff out of place ]. I wrote customer service, here is a copy of the note I wrote and response.Dear Ross Customer service,I purchased "Playboy " Playmate shorts and tank top $14.99 at Ross.  The only problem with that is that I saw it at another Ross  location on the sale rack for $3.99.  I went to 4 different Ross Las Vegas locations looking for the sleep set. On May 7, 2010 I found the last set  at 516 South  Decatur Blvd.  but it was  not on sale. [They also had  one broken set, shorts only. ] I asked the manager Teresa to call the "Ross" at Boca park to confirm the  sale price.She refused and said "Ross" managers have their own markdowns and each store is individual.Isn't Ross a department store?  As a shopper I find this disturbing- if something is on sale it is on sale.I understand if it was on sale at another discount department storep.s. I  went back to the Decatur store on May 10 . I wanted to buy the  broken set of playmate shorts as a gift, they still has no price tag and they still were in the Clearance section.Which is what was confusing the store still had the sale rack mixed up with regular price.Dear Ross,  Can I please have the sale price?Thank you, Joey GarrLas Vegas Personal shopper/ bloggerAnswer:Dear Joey:Thank you for taking the time to contact Ross Stores.Ross Stores is a discount retailer with everyday savings of 20% to 60% off department and specialty store regular prices .As a discount retailer our stores markdown merchandise on a weekly basis.  Depending on how long the merchandise has been in the store, two exact items may be priced differently due to this process. This is another way we continue to pass the saving on to our customer.We appreciate your business and hope you continue to shop at Ross stores.Sincerely,Ashleigh MoshierCustomer Service(800) 335-1115 begin_of_the_skype_highlighting(800) 335-1115end_of_the_skype_highlighting$3.99
2	This one's terrible. Since this is near the TJ Maxx in the Sahara Pavillion Shopping Center on Decatur and Sahara (not too usual when there are two discount stores in the same shopping center, but I do know of a few), was anticipating it's opening. For weeks, the sign said "Coming Soon." BTW, we went to two new Ross stores on a weekend a few weeks ago (just wrote up the review). I gave the other store a four star review (night and day). The atmosphere is chaotic with lots of loud screaming children. It's noisy! I hate shopping when there is too much noise. I don't last long, I usually leave. Maybe this is typical for a saturday afternoon- maybe I should visit on a weekday. I noticed that the signs were in two different languages. I noticed that there was one security guard. Bathroom is located in the dressing room area- the attendant will need to buzz you in for entry.We didn't stay for very long. This one's pretty small. All in all, my husband didn't like it too much, either. But then again, he doesn't really like Ross stores in general, anyway.  For the record, we went to TJ Maxx right after and got loads of deals there (redid our living room theme) with no screaming children in sight which made for a much better shopping experience.
2	I never met a discount store I didn't like....until now.I'm a big Ross/Marshall's/TJ Maxx shopper but I have to say -- there is never anything good in here. It's always dirty, messy, unkempt, and the line always has 50 people in it -- NO EXAGGERATION!!!The jewelry display cases are smaller than other stores and are sparsely stocked and the homeware, clothing, beauty and shoe departments are small. I don't think I'll bother going back to this store again.
3	This review of Ross Dress for Less is specific to the location at Decatur and Alta. My wife and I hit several Ross, TJ Maxx and Marshall's stores but this store is somewhat unique. The store itself is pretty typical of other Ross stores; large store, good selection, looks like a war zone on the weekends. It's not particularly clean (most Ross stores aren't for some reason) but it isn't so dirty that you're going to be put off. What makes this store different is the socio-economics of the neighborhood. Because the area is slightly lower income (I can make this statement because I've been in this area for most of my 50 years in Vegas) most of the higher end products sit on the shelf for a long time. This may not seem like a big deal until you realize that those higher end items get put on the clearance aisle in greater numbers than they do at let's say the Summerlin location. This being the case my wife and I have scored a lot of great stuff at the Decatur Ross. This is especially true in the housewares section where a lot of nice wine glass sets, silverware and wall hangings can be had on clearance. If you're in the Decatur and Alta area this Ross is worth a look.
3	Ross is usually a great store.  I say "usually" because you can find great value-priced items, cheap deals, and the random item that you hadn't planned on initially purchasing, but hey, while you're here....That said, this is a different sort of Ross.  And with here, different, does not always mean "good", and yet it is still largely dependable.  So for this review, I'm going to break down this particular store to get those points across without it coming across as a conflicting travelogue.The Ross on Charleston/Rampart and even Decatur/Sahara are simply better stores.  And seemingly larger.  If this store is the same size, the spacing is not used very well, and never has been.  There are a lot of "dead" areas in the store which make it a little more clearance in feel that a clearance store should be.  They don't have the merchandise or the variety in selection of other Ross stores I've been to, but if you like emptier stores in terms of people, then that may be taken as a benefit.I've never seen this store particularly busy or with huge lines, but what lacks in lines makes up in slow service.  I can stand behind one person in line, and it feels like an epic, time-invested affair.  I'm all for casual pacing, but when you can start to feel yourself physically age from waiting, one may want to reconsider putting a little spring in their step.  On the plus side, the cashiers are generally friendly.So yes, this store has a few issues, but the plus side is that the value from this to any other Ross store is still in place.  You can find some decent things for cheap prices.  For me that ranges from picture frames, bedsheets and linens for when guests arrive, and locating one of the few items that I generally have to hunt down elsewhere....Plain black socks.Seriously, you would be surprised to find how hard it is to find normal black socks in stores.  Not with plaid or argyle designs, or spots, or dots, or blots, or 2-pair packages.  I want some plain old black socks, and this is one of the few stores that carry them in any normal sense for a DECENT overgouged price that doesn't feel like you're questing for an artifact with such a high rarity that it would draw Indiana Jones' attention.So this is a not a perfect store.  It's not well-organized or stocked, it's not overly busy, and it's maintained at a majorly leisurely pace.  But it is the closest one in my area, and it takes the "Holy Grail" feel out of wanting to find some basic linens and sundries.For that reason, they can be a little unpolished.  For specific little things, they do just fine.
3	Went to Vegas for a weekend to clean up a rental home after a tenant vacated it and of course I trashed my clothes on the first day.  So, I need to go shopping for some cheap clothes to get me through the rest of the weekend.  Dropped by this store to pick up some t-shirts and sweat pants....mission accomplished.  Got everything I needed for under $15....it's easy when you're not picky, ha!Return Factor - 50%
1	Waited for 10 min in line to return an item only to get refused because item was no longer in stock.i love Ross just not the rude careless employees here
3	Oops posted wrong review for this Ross. It was a different location.
3	This store is doesn't have a lot of selection. Parking looks kinda dangerous at night.
2	Ross stores are usually pretty hit or miss for me, and this one was a big miss.I went in looking for leggings, and the only ones I saw were absolutely hideous.  The fitting room lady took my clothes that I wanted to try on while I went to the bathroom, and when I came out (less than 5 minutes), they were gone.  She just stared at me blankly when I asked. I did find a dress and a sweater that I ended up buying, but when I got the dress home, there is a small stain on it. They don't have as good a selection as other locations, and the store seemed very dirty.I'll probably go back, since its so close to home, but I might travel a little further for a better selection.
2	I AM DONE GIVING THIS LOCATION A CHANCE TO REDEEM ITSELF WHEN IT CONSISTENTLY LETS ME DOWN HARD. This must be one of the worst locations in town, Management of this store needs to get on the ball.This store always has dirty floors, smells like baby diaper dookie and is a complete disaster.The shelves and racks are EMPTY. The store is disorganized and nothing makes sense. This store always resembles the aftermath of the day after Christmas shopping would.I won't do this to myself again because there is nothing they have in stock that I could purchase anyways. They need to order more merchandise for this store. They need to spend some time cleaning and organizing. It is a complete hot mess of a disaster and it does NOT have to be this way.The employees are not motivated nor do they care if they don't have shit in stock. I witnessed an employee walk right by a dress laying on the floor, she even grazed it with her foot. Did she pick it up? No, she continued on her frowning path. Anyhow I just wanted to express my extreme disappointment in this particular location.One last note, I understand that the Customer's are to blame as well for the mess. However when you work in a retail slop house like this you know what you are in for.
2	One of my least favorite Ross locations. Unorganized and messy, it's almost impossible to find anything purchase here. I wander around aimlessly and almost always leave empty handed because I just don't want to bother with the long lines or dig through piles of unorganized crap.
