5	Until recently, I personally found that stretch of St.Catherine West, between Atwater and Guy, to be a little bit uninspiring. But with the resurgence of Chinatown II and those new condos going up at the site of the old Seville theatre, things have finally started to look up.cafe thEATre is an unassuming little resto, right off the corner of St.Mathieu, and despite some of the grunginess of the immediate vicinity, it more than makes up for it inside. I've come here several times this past summer and I have to say, have not been disappointed once.The interior is very clean and eclectically decorated. With for-sale artwork from local artists, which changes every month, a wall covered with vinyl albums and classic rock albums of the 1970s and 80s, as well as great tunes playing in the background from the likes of Radiohead, ELO, David Bowie, I feel like I just stepped into my favourite hang-out.The food here is excellent. Old comfort food staples, done up with a slightly modern twist. The Bourbon BBQ Beef short ribs, Beef bavette, slow cooked lamb, roasted chicken and easily the best Mac'n Cheese in Montreal - it's all good. Their desserts are also amazing. Try the coconut custard or the brownie if you can.While I have not had the chance to try out brunch or breakfast here yet,  the after-work 5 a 7 drinks here are great. The sangria, mojitos and cocktails are huge and reasonably priced.The staff are pretty cool and friendly and informal, all the things I like.It seems a bit empty in the late afternoon but try to go on a Sunday afternoon or when they have a show,  it's a friendly crowd.
5	So smitten! This was by far the coolest place to be on St. Catherine St. And believe me, I should know. We spent nearly two hours walking it on both sides on our brief visit to Montreal.The cute patio caught my eye (even though it was too cold to use it) but the warm glow and menu outside really sealed the deal.It's a seat-yourself establishment with incredible local art lining the walls. The bar is tucked in the back corner and I was crushing hard on the front banquet table and plush couch. The smell of something fried immediately made my stomach growl, but first... vino. There were only a handful of wine options, and bottles were all over $30. A little shocked by that one, but maybe that's the going price for wine in Montreal?Our server greeted us and offered a menu that was both in French & English (win -- we don't speak or read French.)The menu was full of traditional comfort foods with flair and everything truly sounded delicious. Poutine, spaghetti, sandwiches... yumm! But my heart was already sold on the fried.... the fried cajun chicken poppers, that is. To my delight they were made of real chicken pieces and served with a zesty lemon dipping sauce and mixed with some greens. Not too filling, but enough to nibble.Our service was impeccable and overly friendly. It really made our experience here exceptional.Even though I had great table company,  I was totally distracted by taking in every awesome, quirky detail of the decor in this place. Cafe Theatre is  awesomely cool. Totally romantic. And definitely comfortable. Bravo!My only wish is that I saved room for dessert. Chai chocolate creme brule, anyone?? zomg
5	Excellent spot to brunch if you want to avoid the hassles and line-ups of L'Avenue but at the same time want to try unique dishes for brunch without having the same old same old.Came yesterday to try out the brunch with a friend and both of us were mightily pleased and have already decided we are definitely coming back to try the other items. Some of the intriguing items included a Pumpkin Parfait and Gingerbread French toast, they change their menu often and unfortunately they don't update the website menus accordingly so it was nice to walk in and be surprised.I also really dug the fact that David Bowie was playing on the speakers and that a bit later on, they had a live acoustic performance, which was nice sedate background music for a chill Sunday brunch.
5	This place went out of business shortly after January :-( So unfortunate when a great place somehow disappears...
4	Quite sad that this place closed; it was my favourite brunch spot in the area.
