5	Target has great prices, excellent selection and the stores are clean, bright and fun to shop.The employees at this location are friendly and helpful.
3	I'm a fan of Target because I always know what to expect. This Target Greatland was built in 2002, has a easy sales floor layout with blue, green, and red "worlds" and two entrances with 22 straight checkout lanes across the front make sure you are always a short trip from car to cart to checkout and back. Store services includes only a Pharmacy, (the One Hour Photo was recently removed) and the Food Avenue has no Pizza Hut Express or Starbucks. This location also has a small grocery selection compared to the new upgraded Target stores. Overall though, a very clean, well designed store, easy to shop, so long as you just need the basics. I would prefer to shop at a Target with more food, as that is what I primarily purchase form Target. Very accesible parking from Sky Pointe Drive on the south, Buffalo Drive from the north, and John Herbert to the west.
4	Not the biggest Target around (that would be the N Decatur one), but it has the stuff I need and the staff keeps the store neat. I like the Method products and Targets just the place that has them. Handwash is nice and I like their granite polish. I'm not much for cleaning, but when I do I need stuff that gets the job done easier.If only Targets were open late night there would never be a need to "make do" with going to Wal Mart late night for essentials we need. We're night people so we only can head over to shop on weekends.
4	This is my local Target and I am glad it is a Greatland, meaning it has food as well as all the other things Target usually carries.  If there is one grip that I have about Target it is that it's not open late, but that is not a deal breaker for me because of all the great things they have in the stores!  Although Wal-Mart has stepped up their game in terms of merchandise it sells, I think Target still has the upper hand in terms of clothing and home goods.  If you haven't checked out a Target lately give it a try and see how it fits ;)
4	Nice and clean. Most of all they have some workers to help u.
4	I'm a fan of Target because I always know what to expect. This Target Greatland was built in 2002, has a easy sales floor layout with blue, green, and red "worlds" and two entrances with 22 straight checkout lanes across the front make sure you are always a short trip from car to cart to checkout and back. Store services includes only a Pharmacy, (the One Hour Photo was recently removed) and the Food Avenue has no Pizza Hut Express or Starbucks. This location also has a small grocery selection compared to the new upgraded Target stores. Overall though, a very clean, well designed store, easy to shop, so long as you just need the basics. I would prefer to shop at a Target with more food, as that is what I primarily purchase form Target. Very accesible parking from Sky Pointe Drive on the south, Buffalo Drive from the north, and John Herbert to the west.     A few quick tips I've compiled over the last year or so, to give everyone a "real" experience lol....Get the Target REDcard! You get 5% off every single purchase, every single time! There's a debit option too for those that don't want creditSwitching to Sprint and getting a new phone @ Target Mobile!Coke products only $2.50/12 pack!Doritos on sale $1.90/bag!Market Pantry milk $2.69/galHumidifiers on clearance for $9! Super cheap! In the back of blue world.Food Avenue popcorn!Picking up Chips, chili and Velveta cheese for a chili cheese dip before the big UNLV game!REALLY good valentine section, check it out on the right side. Towards the back in green world :-)Doritos and bean dip for the UNLV game party on TV!Market Pantry Orange Juice on sale, only $1.99!Picking up mailing supplies. Cheaper than the post office.Picking up eggs and cake mix for my wife's egg salad and cake pops :-)Target Pharmacy is open 9am-9pm weekdays, open late on weekends too. Really helpfull Pharmacy staff!Great place to stop by and pick up snacks for get-togethers. I've been in here 8 times this week just to get chips, frozen chicken and soda!
4	I love the coupons on the website. I like the target generic brand stuff. We use the target face creams and laundry detergent. The food section has a nice variety of common items needed all the time. I like the  plus size clothing selection. My red basket is never empty!
4	Seemed like every other target i have been into.  Not sure what the "greatland" means , my wife may :)  But i didnt notice any difference. Prices were about what i expect from target and the store was pretty clean. Nothing special.
4	This Target is very nice and friendly workers. The layout is ok. The sales here is normal nothing special or surprise sales. The stock is OK.
4	Stopped in to get a birthday gift. The store was clean and the cashiers very friendly. I loved how huge this location was.They have some pretty good deals on food too.Lots of other shopping in this parking lot too.
4	I personally love Target. Every time i'm there I feel like i'm visiting a relative I haven't seen in a while. Its instant love!! Ok.. so I like Target a little too much but this location is great! The store is always clean and i've been here so many times that I have it pretty much memorized so getting in and out is as easy as the breeze. I've had a few interactions with the staff in terms of returning items and they have all been more than nice and helpful. They do have groceries at this location tho no fresh produce (which is a bummer, b/c some do) Oh well ... I will definitely be back...
4	As much as I hate to drive out to South Reno, this Target makes the trek feel a little less like a trek.As far as Targets go, it's pretty clean and well organized. I don't come to this location too often, but when I have visited, everything has been well stocked (save the one time I cleaned them out of mini packs of Nutella). Maybe I missed it, but I didn't really see a produce section in this Target which makes me wonder if it qualifies as a Greatland. Are Greatland Targets measured by size? I don't know, but it would be nice if they had produce since the Vons across the parking lot is essentially  corporate pickpocket. Everything there is so expensive.My only complaint about this store is that the lines are always excessively long and they seem to have a hard time getting employees up to the register in a  timely manner.Other than that-an average Target, which is above average as far as retailers go.
5	Five stars this target is super clean. The employees are super kind nice and helpful. It was so nice even when I was done shopping I wanted to go back inside just to have one last look to make sure their were no deals I was sleeping on. OK so you got me it was so nice I just found a reason to spend more money. Well go in I bet you will love it also.
4	Who doesn't love Target?! What can I say, it's not a WalMart and that's why I love Target! This Target is close to my house so that's why I shop here. I wish it was all decked out like some of the newer Targets in the area, but they are remodeling so I am hopeful! I buy a lot of my running clothes here because they have a decent selection and the prices aren't bad. I actually wished they carried more running clothes because 90% of my running stuff is from Target!The only con is that sometimes they don't have enough checkout lanes open. But the cashiers are always so nice that by the time it's my turn, I am not mad because they are so nice :)
4	I frequent this Target quite often and here are my thoughts. This Target is a hidden gem in a lot of ways as it's never overly crowded, the shelves are always organized and any employee who has ever helped me has been courteous and professional.  It's a pleasure to shop there and I will continue to do so for the foreseeable future.The main drawback is the checkout area.  In specific, it is mind boggling that they don't have a bank of self checkout registers.  Target is not efficiently designed  for speed at the register in regards to large scale orders and as soon as one register gets slowed down with a large purchase, anyone with a handful items is dead in the water.  If they did this, they would get 5 stars out of me for sure.  Aside from that one negative, this Target location, this place is great and recommend it to anyone who lives in the area that doesn't currently go there.
4	Target Greatland is a fun place to shop. It's big and clean and super organized! If your Target doesn't have it, Greatland probably does! It's a huge one-stop shop; me and my friend bought closet organization supplies, baking accessories and food, and makeup! You know, one of those "girl's night outs". Target is also a great place to pick up desserts to sneak into theaters ;P jk! The one thing that I didn't like at this Target is that the customer service is a bit lazy; they talk to each other rather than focusing on the customer. So, consider doing your returns&exchanges at another location. Otherwise, this Target's pretty okay. So when you drive around here, watch out, because the locals around Target drive real fast!
4	Absolutely worth the drive. I love central in Las Vegas this is definitely out of the way a little stretch but worth it. It's always well stocked, clean, updated, friendly and large. I especially love their selection in women's apparel. I'm use to the corporate store in Pasadena, CA which is definitely a step up, for being so far from home this is the one I enjoy shopping at.
5	This Target is a great Target. It is always stock and clean. The employees are always nice and it is fun to walk around for a little while when it starts to get hot. Totally am in love with Target.
1	Poor size selection - most of the clothing sizes available are small and x-small, unless you need a bathing suit, in which case the only matching pieces are XL & XXL. Not a single 34DD bra that isnt a nursing bra in the entire store. If you have a small chest, then this Target is perfect for you because 90% of the bras are small B & C sizes.I thought I had found several bras on my size, only to find out they were on the wrong hanger and not my size. I won't be wasting my time here again.
2	Today was the first time I've gone to Target in a long time. Did you know they sell alcohol? Loved the idea but the problem is when you check out. They scan your driver's license! They do not ask if they could do this! What if I don't want them to know all the info that's being scanned? I don't mind them checking to make sure it's not a fake. I think they should let us know they will scan & give us the option to have it scanned/ just place our date of birth. I think it'll be awhile again before I go to Target.
