4	When I first set foot in here, the only aroma I could smell was the stench of economic deprivation. This is not an upmarket venue, nor is it for those who look for aesthetic charm in their eateries. The harsh lighting will highlight just how hideous your facial features are, and the way in which the windows expose you to passers by on the busy street outside, ensures that they all know you're a disgusting, greedy pig.But there's more to Aroma than first meets the eye, and like many of the somewhat scruffy looking food joints down this street, it's a lot better than it looks. Having only made one visit, where I purchased the aforementioned falafel, I can state that, in some ways, I prefer the more heart attack inducing version of mediterranean cooking at Aroma to the real thing. I'd rather eat it takeaway next time though, this is an exceptionally grim cafe to sit in.
3	I agree with Gavin on how grim this place appears. Like it or not, aesthetics of an establishment are important, and Aroma looks cheapened and downtrodden.Gordon Ramsey has a steadfast rule regarding eateries. If you take pictures of your food anywhere on the menu, chances are the food isn't up to much. I would agree with him on how offputting it is, and it's one of the reasons I've passed Aroma by so long. With the poorly shot close ups of sandwiches sloppily presented, it looks like a fast food outlet in the centre of London where convenience is pitted over quality. Seeing a picture of nachos with the caption "cheese goes here" (edited in Microsoft Paint), I'm not instilled with confidence.So after clarifying why you wouldn't want to sit in this starkly lit cafe, let's get to the food and why you would maybe want to. Saying all that, it's surprisingly not bad. It can be a bit greasy spoon at times but it hits the spot. And the prices don't hit your wallet too hard. 2 pounds for a sandwich is good whatever way you see it, and rather than thinking "you get what you pay for", you're more inclined to think "that was decent value for money".It doesn't exhude an ambience or bowl you over with its menu, but it's convenient, the staff are efficient and for what it is, it does the job quite nicely.
3	Lets get things straight - this isnt a coffee bar, so if you are looking for your daily fix of mocha-choca-skinny-latte, move on. This place is a greasy spoon, and an average one at that.Firstly, its shabby - this place needs a lick of paint so badly it is depressing. Just somebody to make it more light and airy, and less like some kind of caffeine serving dive bar.The food is not good - its presented poorly, and you just know deep down that you may have ordered something with a salad, but at some point that salad has been on the floor, and then deep fried to cover the taste. Yummy. On saying that though, while the food was a bit on the poor side, it was cheap and oddly enough I did enjoy it, but in a 'it satisfied my hunger' way rather than the way i would enjoy a gastronomic feast from a michilin star restaurant.
