4	One of the classier dives in Glendale, if I had known about this place sooner I would probably be here every night. It's only 2 miles from where I live. OK, maybe not every night, but $6 for a pitcher of Amber Bock? That's a good enough deal to get drunk on! Just don't eat anything before you go and you're really set! The funny thing about this bar is the diversity of music they play vs. the stereotype of clients they pull in. I heard a few classic rock songs that wanted to make me wave my confederate flag (and really perked up the clientele), then i got a dose of the Beastie Boys and Offspring which made me feel like I was in high school, but I could legally drink and then there was some rap and Britney Spears thrown in. They have games on TV and plenty of pool tables. It's actually a pretty clean place. I would take my mom here.
4	Tony's is a pretty standard dive bar. I prefer it to the other places near my apartment because it is more chill and serves Amber Bock in addition to the standard Budweiser/Coors/etc. This particular bar is surrounded by a Dairy Queen and a late night pizza place across the street---both are great after drinks. I only wish the clientele was a little younger.
3	It's really hard to judge a bar when you go there on a weekday.  I am a fan of dives and this one was ok. The beer was cheep and they serve tall  PBRs which is awesome. The pool tables were all open. The people there seemed to be an oler crowd. 30 and up. The girl bartender was cool.  The worst part was there was really nothing to look at.  :( Also the music they played on the jukebox sucked. There was A LOT of country followed by rap, Beastie Boys, a little classic rock... it was kinda WTF.
5	Tony's is the best thing ever put on this earth. I love it soooo much I want to MARRY it. I just might have to go again tonight ;-)
5	The only place in town that knows how to pour a strong cheap drink. Weekends are always busy and the atmosphere is welcoming. I love this place
5	Tony's is the bar the northwest valley needs right now, and the bar it deserves. $2 Sierra Nevada IPA? $3 Stella? Is this real life? Lots of pool tables, darts, some arcade games, and ample seating. Also the youngest crowd I've seen in any watering hole lining 59th avenue. And like yours truly, they're into the day drinking! My only regret is not discovering this place sooner.
5	Great dive bar! I'm always surprised at how cheap my tab is...never fails!
4	This place has everything you require in a dive bar - jukebox, cigarette machine, very dark atmosphere, shuffle board, pool tables, cheap drinks, laid back crowd.
4	Agree with all the previous posters, great drinks, great prices, friendly staff.... Nice pool tables, dart boards, but they are soft tip and that makes me a little sad...lolI drank several Guinness, and my friend drank at least a bottle of vodka and our bill was $23.00.  I got no complaints at all.
5	I have given this dive bar five stars because of the amazing alcohol prices.  We had 64 ounce pitchers of Goose Island IPA for $8.50.  The atmosphere was dark with pool tables and dart boards, everything you would expect from a dive bar.  The music was a nice eclectic mix and not too loud.  An excellent dive bar.
4	Great bar. Friendly staff and amazing prices. Wish they served food other wise perfect place to hang out at and play all the bar games you can think.
4	In an effort to expand my horizons locally, I ventured to the other side of the 17 to sample the local drinking establishments. Tony's is my kind of place. It's definitely a LOCAL bar -there are plenty of pool tables, the drinks are cheap so you really can't ask for more, can you?I would rate categorize it as "Dive Plus"-it is definitely a neighborhood bar in a strip mall with a friendly, working-class local crowd who all know each other.  It is VERY nicely maintained and is just a good place to hang out and knock back a few. I visited on a work night so I had to behave but this is the type of place I would stumble out of at 2:05am on weekends.Definitely worth a visit.
5	Best bar around! (in my opinion.) In the same plaza as Kimmy's, but goiing to Kimmy's is not worth the walk! The bartenders there are always great! (except when they use the stand in one) But the normal crew is awesome. Cheap drinks, and yes....there is PBR.
1	Can I give no stars please?!?! Went in there and had My boyfriend ask for a water- bartender refused to serve us because we had been drinking already. Aren't they obligated to do that? What a joke. F the Yelp reviews. Service is what's worth talking about, and Tonys Definitely does not deliver.BoooOooOoOoo!
3	Never heard of a bar charging you a buck everytime you use your credit card, but good ole' Tony has that bright idea. If your only going to Tony's once in your life, like myself, then his policy does not mean alot. Inside, you got your un-Scottsdale crowd, mostly normal working class and a few bikers tossed in for the heck of things. Plenty of old TV sets and quite crowded on a recent Saturday night, but a few shots and a few beers later and everybody at Tony's is way happier.
5	Tony's is perhaps my favorite bar in Glendale. They offer a decent selection of craft brews and have great deals on pitchers and domestics. The bar tenders have a heavy pour. There are numerous televisions for sports fans. Darts shuffle board, and pool tables. Dimly lit interior and plenty of seating. The crowd here is usually a mixed bag, but never have I encountered any overt assholery. Do yourself a favor and grab a white russian here sometime and watch the ball game.
