5	My husband and I are very impressed with La Casona.  We had custom bedroom furniture made with lots of specifications to fit our bedroom.  From the quality of the wood, to the exact measurements we needed, to excellent customer service, we would definitely return to La Casona for future purchases.  We noticed all the people going to IKEA next door but La Casona Furniture is artwork and truly high quality.  Well worth the price.  We worked with Sal and Jose and they were extremely patient with our requests (measurements, stain color, different pulls, etc) and had great follow-up and follow-through.  Thank you La Casona!
5	Some friends referred us and I'm glad they did because I might not have found this place otherwise. We are very pleased with our kitchen and dining room sets that we purchased from La Casona over a month ago. Both have held up very well and I have no doubt they will look great for years to come. The kitchen table and chairs were handcrafted in Mexico with antiqued wood, leather and wrought iron accents. I've received numerous compliments on the set already, it's truly unique. The icing on the cake was that our furniture was delivered the very next day...which was a blessing since we just moved from out of state and needed it fast! If you are looking for high quality, decent priced furniture then take a look here. I'll definitely be returning soon for a few more pieces to add to our collection :)
1	I would be very weary of this furniture store and their credibility. I fell in love with these armchairs they had and based my entire room off of this design. I asked Saul how much they would be if I ordered them new. He said it was the same price. After paying for them in full, they were on their way to deliver the chairs that week. I confirmed that they were new chairs and he said they were actually the floor models. I had him send the chairs back and order me the new ones. I understand that was a misunderstanding but he tried selling me the old chairs instead of apologizing so his lack of Customer service skills left me upset. He explained they would take 6-8 weeks. I called a few days later to confirm they were ordered since I didn't trust him anymore. He said yes and that he would call me when they came in. 6 weeks passed, 8 weeks passed, 10 weeks passed, 12 weeks passed and every phone call I made, I was being given the run around. No tracking number, no status updates, nothing. Just excuses that the warehouse shipped them and they will be here 'any day now'. Terrible service. I asked to refund my delivery fee of $70 and they said they will do it and now are telling me maybe if his boss approves it. Never going back again.Update: he called 12 weeks later and said the chairs are being delivered and then 20 minutes before they show up, he says the chairs are the wrong color!?! I've had it!
