1	Went in today and asked for John, my mechanic.  They said he no longer works there.  Wouldn't trust the rest of them to work on my daughter's PowerWheel.
1	Last week I was told that my radiator hoses on our 2008 Honda Accord needed to be replaced because they showed a lot of wear, getting soft, could go anytime, especially with Arizona's heat. I called back this past Wednesday to set an appt to flush my coolant and replace the hoses andwas quoted from Dave McCombs, the store manager, that I should replace the thermostat at the same time. Their price for doing these 3 things was well over $500. Being somewhat suspicious of their price and recommendations, I opted to go to Tempe Honda and get second opinion. According to their service writer my radiator hoses were in great shape and typically didn't need replacing for at least 10 years and he could never remember replacing a thermostat on a Honda Accord. Tempe Honda's  price for flushing the coolant was a mere $69.95 and they even washed my car prior to me picking it up. I only need to be burned once from an auto repair shop and I'm happy that I got a second honest opinion. As far as I'm concerned, Sun Devil Auto repair in Sun Lakes are rip-offs, trying to take advantage of anyone looking to do business with them.
5	Had the brakes replaced on my wife's car today. While the total bill was over $800 they did let me know that all four rotors needed to be replaced and that was a large portion of the costs. I knew going in that the fronts were going to need to be replaced and the backs were right on the edge of serviceability so I had them replaced as well.
1	$96.00 diagnostic charge was not removed after the corrective procures were performed. Nonsense and bad business practice. This has never happened to me before and is unacceptable to me. There are competitors a little further away that don't apply this charge. There's still about $2,000 unrelated work to do on the car and the business is going elsewhere. Hopefully, they will get the message.
1	These guys are not fair with price..they markup the parts too much and charge labor rates similar to dealerships. Took it elsewhere and saved 30%
