1	Well..How do I um. well. how do I start?What's the tell tale sign of a bad time? 100 degrees, 20 minutes of waiting, 2 beers and only 5 ft of progress. This was getting old fast and the lil' baby was comatose. I think that's a sign that we have to go. Luckily we got our refunds.For my other 8 friends who braved the heat...well let's just say they didn't even get back in line for seconds. Was it that bad? I don't know but it sure wasn't good enough to wait another 30 minutes in the hot sun.A poor excuse of a festival. Typical of any festival are the usual vendors selling the usual craft goods. I'd say it's safe to say that 98% of the festival wasn't cajun centric. Bad planning, horrible wait time and a just a bad weather day for an inaugural event.
1	The 1st Annual Charlotte Bayou Festival took place June 23, 2012, but I've just now been able to give a thorough review of this train wreck. I wish I could give this event zero stars.  It is the worst-organized event I have ever attended, hands down! Ticket holders waited in the food line for a minimum of 1 hour 15 minutes in the blazing hot sun after having waited in the ticket line just to pick up will call tickets purchased online. There was no dedicated express line for will call as there should have been. The fact it is the first annual one of this event is no excuse for what amounts to downright fraud in the delivery of what ticket holders thought they purchased, especially considering a professional events management company supposedly organized the event according to the event website. Even a new event should not be difficult to pull off given the professional event-organizing expertise such a company should be providing. Given the poor event management, it is only natural to wonder how much money actually went to the charity the event was supposed to support. The servers were all volunteers who reminded ticket holders constantly that they were just volunteers. They understandably didn't want to hear complaints about the event when the real organizers weren't even present to receive complaints. If you wanted a soda, you had to get back into the main ticket line to buy tickets for them. You couldn't pay cash at the point of purchase. This system wasn't made clear when picking up your wrist band for the food part of the event. Yet another bad planning issue. Outside of the food, there wasn't much Cajun about this festival. A few high quality craft vendors were sprinkled in with a bunch of low quality ones. The event was advertised as all you can eat with live entertainment. The live entertainment was located at the other end of the event outside of the paid ticket area, away from where everyone was standing in line and eating once they finally got though the line in an area that was free for anyone to visit. I know I didn't get to hear the live music, much less be in a position to say whether I even liked it or not. The food was not all you can eat considering about half the menu items listed as being part of the all you can eat meal weren't even available and the excessive wait time. There was only ONE food line for ALL the food that was available, but the line was totally stopped at times when the food completely ran out. Why wasn't it set up in stations like is the norm at a food festival and with an adequate if not excessive supply of food given its all you can eat nature? Gumbo at one station, corn and potatoes at another, fried fish at another, etc. That way, people are split in multiple lines and can at least be eating one item while waiting in line for another item if they so choose. There was a second line, though. Once you were served the first time, you were allowed to wait in a MUCH shorter line for seconds and be served again even before everyone in the prImary line was served firsts but only if you didn't throw away your takeout container. Your dirty container would then be refilled. I thought that was against health regulations due to contamination of serving utensils touching dirty "plates" (here, plates were the plastic takeout containers). Online ticket ordering was misleading, too. The official website said online tickets were sold out, but I found them and bought them on the third party website responsible for selling the online tickets. Could saying advance tickets were sold out on the official event website be a ploy to make the event look even more appealing to people undecided about attending by making the event look more popular than perhaps it would really have been otherwise thus spurring ticket sales? Given how the actual event was run, this idea isn't out of the realm of possibility. The food itself was ok in quality but not worth the advance price of almost $30 paid per ticket. I heard some people in line left this event to eat at Cajun Queen just a few blocks away for less money, better quality food, far less wait time, and most definitely far less frustration!In the end, the consolation prize was being able to get a refund for the ticket price by disputing the credit card ticket charge on the grounds the event didn't deliver what was promised (fraud) once I found out some people who had paid cash at the gate were given a cash refund at the gate when they complained about the event.
1	As the festival I attended in Durham on April 20, 2013, was run by the same outfit, I feel I should speak here as well to reinforce what others have said.The Durham Bayou "Festival" was the most poorly organized, disappointing event I have ever had the misfortune of attending.Many people had posted on the Tour's Facebook page, but the organization removed them all and changed the settings so that no one may post on their page. They do not seem to have addressed anyone's concerns or complaints. I feel their attempt to silence the people rightly angered compels me to speak out all the more.Please see https://www.facebook.com/BayouFestivalSupportGroup for more information or to chime in.
1	I was going to hold my tongue on this one, but with a second year of nastiness headed our way, it's time to let loose. Put simply, this is quite possibly the worse festival I have ever seen.For starters, there is little in the way of bayou. Much of the spread is simply a bunch of craft booths. Last year, it was among the park. This year, it's in Concord, and I don't expect much different. The majority of the tents were somewhat interesting, but they were more suited to Festival in the Park or Matthews Alive (and then only the amateur section) than a bayou festival. Absolutely nothing related to the theme at all.As to the food and drink? Almost non-existent. We did not purchase tickets or wristbands or anything else in advance, since we didn't know if we could make it. Actually had hoped we would see a few vendors selling crawfish or po boys or something throughout the festival. Instead, there are coolers with drinks and a fried dough cart or two. Really?The unlimited offering was a roped-off section at one end of the park, and the line to get in was long and the food not that interesting (from what we could see). I understand that Charlotte isn't much of a hotbed of bayou or cajun activity - but there are a couple of restaurants around that could offer a few pointers in this are. Why not have them out, let them set up a tent or two, and have some local breweries offer up some beer? Maybe see if another vendor could bring in some Abita? It wouldn't be hard to outdo this event with a little work.Maybe not with unlimited eats, but surely a reasonable price point could be found - obviously with the turnout, people here are interested in the subject. In the meantime, it's probably best to avoid it.
1	Well Yelpers everyone was completely right about this event.  It was canceled do to poor practices and bad reviews.  Anyone who thought about going... such as myself... seems we dodged a huge bullet.  http://www.heraldsun.com/news/x383676942/Following-complaints-in-Durham-Bayou-festival-in-Concord-canceledStraight from facebook page"Unfortunately the Charlotte Bayou Festival will not be taking place at this time, we will host this event later this year in Charlotte at a different location. We are sorry for any inconvenience we may have put you and your company through. We thank our vendors, volunteers, sponsors, bands, and staff for your support and thank you for your service to the Charlotte Bayou Festival. Etix has refunded the money back to our customers, Living Social will be refunding money back also as soon as possible. I am sorry once again and hope that you accept my humble apology. Your understanding and patience is so very much appreciated. If you have further questions comments, or concerns about the Living Social refund please feel free to contact me via email linda.shaw.love@gmail.com"
1	Considering I never made it to the festival, my experience stems from a botched Living Social Deal.  I had already planned a pretty busy weekend, but really was looking forward to attending this festival.  The day of, I checked my email in the morning to find an apology letter from Living Social, telling me that they cannot honor the deal.  (GULP).... Granted admission was $30 and the coupon really let you just pay $15.Ok... I was a little peeved to begin with, but was still willing to go especially since my friends were going to make an afternoon of it.  I started searching to see if I could buy regular tickets online.... and found out the festival had been cancelled for 2013!!  Good thing we didn't go out there and find out then - but I found it rather strange that they would offer that deal... take it away... and then have a cancellation.  It was all shady in my eyes.After some more research - I found out that the Raleigh festival (put on by the same people) had a food scare... something about the questionable preparation and people ended up getting sick.  Maybe it was a blessing that we didn't go, but I would definitely think twice before trying to go to this event again - apparently from previous years it was not a hot ticket event in CLT anyways.... :(
