5	I've lived in Pittsburgh for 4 years and always passed Sonny's on my way to Oakland from Bloomfield but never went in... I finally got enough courage (outside is dodgy to say the least) and went with a couple friends and was pleasantly surprised. Small, quiet comfortable little tavern...unpretentious...cheap drinks. Great place to watch a Pens game without the crowd. Don't leave without having a pickle shot!
5	Best dive bar in Pittsburgh, hands down!  Great  people, cheap drinks!
5	First time there and I am from out of town. Great little friendly neighborhood dive bar that allows smoking. House shot is called a pickle shot, a shot of Ketel One Vodka followed by a shot of pickle juice. Someone next to me ordered a couple, I asked what they were and the friendly barmaid told me and set me up, a little strange but pretty good and just fun that the place has a funky house shot.
4	Sonny's is a must stop for any night out in Bloomfield for a handful of reasons: craft beer options, fair prices, friendly crowd, Indie music, smoking permitted.
3	This place has discount food nights with vegetarian options, enough to earn it an OK rating. The beer selection is pretty good and the atmosphere is divey but friendly. If you don't mind smelling like cigarette smoke at the end of the night, it's a good time had by all.
4	Full of fun loving locals and easy going 'burghers. It's just another dive bar. You'd easily miss it if you weren't looking for it, and everybody should be looking for it! Not some place I'd impress someone with but definitely someplace I'd go to chill and have a few ciders (not a huge beer fan yet)
4	So, I've driven, biked, and walked past this place at least 50 times and always say to myself, "I should stop in there sometime." The wait is over! And the verdict is in: go to this place! So I just visited sonnys tonight for a happy hour, and although it wasn't during a peak time, I still had a great experience. I'm a huge fan of dive bars in Pittsburgh, and if you are like me this place is great for a stop in. The beer is cheap, the bartender and other patrons are super laid back and talkative; however, the food options are limited (and seem to change from night to night). I did walk in and asked the bartender what food was available, and he said the only thing available today was the hotdog. For me, this was no problem, because the veggie hotdog was incredible. Furthermore, I even got a couple of people to throw darts with me. I will definitely come back on a weekend night to get the full experience. As a side note, the bar is pretty smokey, so prepare and dress accordingly.
4	Sonny's: The Birthplace of Bad Ideas. I walked in and immediately knew this bar was for me. However, I'm an alcoholic. Don't get the shots. Smallest pour in Pittsburgh, probably to keep the locals under control.
4	While on tour, a local was kind enough to take me here and I'd like to go back, if I get to come through Pittsburgh again. The bartender was really friendly, the beer was pretty good, and the pierogi were just what I needed that night.
4	Decided to stop in here on the recommendation of a few friends. It's a classic Pittsburgh dive, and one that excels at it. A Sunday visit means it wasn't crowded, but still lively. Beer is good and cheap: $3 for a 24oz can of PBR, with plenty of good craft draft and bottle choices available. Two dartboards and an Internet jukebox are available. Come slightly hungry, especially if you love grilled cheese: Sonny's makes some of Pittsburgh's finest, and you get a menu checklist to customize to your taste. I did American cheese, pierogi, and kraut: a fantastic combo. The bread alone (almost like Texas toast!) got me excited about it.Bottom line: a solid establishment, especially if you love dive bars.
