1	Really wanted to like this place but dont think its going to make it.  I did go early (4:30pm) and it was empty and stayed empty the whole time.  I got the fish and chips which I was told it was cod.  I'm not sure what it was but it was think and heavily coats and just seems like a piece of frozen battered fish.  The fries were fair, but the collard greens were good.  The pomegrante ice tea was lacking in flavor.  The person with me got the sesame coated tilapia.  They didn't make much comments but it didnt really look that appetizing to me.  Every two seconds someone was trying to give us more tea.  Sorry, Sweet Tea just dont think your gonna make it.
4	I should just say fried oreos and leave it at that. Fried oreos!I tried this place because I read a blurb in the South Charlotte News that they were accepting canned goods for Loaves & Fishes. I hadn't heard of them before that, and when I got there, I found out why (they just moved to the location on 51 from Concord).I ordered the special; chicken and waffles. The fried chicken was good; and piping hot. I had to wait a couple of minutes before I could handle it. Once I could, it was nice and juicy in the inside. It came with a side of gravy, but I'm not that in to gravy, especially on chicken, so I didn't try it. The waffle was good, too; plain, with a side of syrup. My husband ordered the reuben, and that was delicious; piled high with corned beef, on marbled bread. His side was mac and cheese, which I tasted, and would highly recommend. It was a bit smoky, which was an unexpected treat. He also ordered a glass of the sweet tea (he's a connoisseur; I don't touch the stuff), which he said was very good (expected, considering it's the name of the place!).For dessert, we shared the aforementioned fried oreos. It felt like we'd gone to the fair. The plate came with 4 oreos, which was more than enough for 2 of us to share. They were awesome! The cookie (chocolate) part got soft, and the insides (the creme stuffing) got gooey. I'm not sure I could eat this more than once or twice a year without inducing a heart attack, but as an every once in a while treat, they were great.The service was really good. Quick and pleasant and friendly. I could hear all of the wait staff constantly checking with each other to make sure that every table had what they needed.I'd definitely go back!
4	I only heard of this place after the Charlotte Observer mentioned they were going to be on a restaurant renovation show. First, the restaurant is next to BiLo, but is not visible until you are actually past BiLo.  If I had followed my GPS I would have gone up the off ramp from 485 inner loop, but since I knew there was no entrance from that direction I stayed on Park Rd and turned in at BiLo.  Second, the place was empty for Saturday lunch even though it is near the mall and everyone is out Christmas shopping.  Third, food and service were excellent.  I had the corned beef hash and eggs.  Both were excellent.  The people at my table had BLTs and loved them.  Price was right and portions were generous.My suggestions: *Fountain beverages, not canned.  It just looks cheap.*Pay someone to design the menu.  It looks like a 6th grader did the layout.  the spacing was uneven and it didn't flow well.  The sides are on the back, the headers weren't as cute as they thought they were.  *Declutter the cash register area.  Get rid of the candy and make the shirts more prominent.  I think the Got Tea shirts are nice, but didn't even notice them until after I had already paid.*Update the decor.  What image are you trying to project?  A quick lunch place, or a home cooked dinner place?  It looked like the former, but the menu reflected the latter.My friends will return after the show tapes next week to see what changes are made.
4	I was honored enough to attend the "Restaurant Impossible" reveal dinner here last week & was really pleased with what the restaurant had to offer. I had never been here prior, as I don't get down to the Ballantyne area much.FIrst off, the decor is fantastic; however, it doesn't look like it belongs in a strip mall restaurant. :) Lovely IKEA wooden kitchen utensils hang from the lights & gorgeous stone fireplace in the middle of the dining area...Props to Taniya Nayak (from HGTV) & her team for making it look so nice! Dion L., Katie M., & Simone M., & myself ordered several different appetizers to try: fried green tomatoes, crawfish mac 'n cheese, black eyed peas hushpuppies, & shrimp & grits.  The taste & temperature of every item was perfect. The presentation was nice, as well. Oh & the sweet tea...absolutely southern sweet tea!For our meal, we all chose something different & had every intention of sharing, but after the meal arrived, we couldn't bear to share. :D  I chose a hamburger (it has a "special" name, but I can't remember it) with fries. The hamburger came with lettuce, tomato, which were fresh. The hamburger was thick & juicy. There was about a handful & a half of fries, which after eating the hamburger (& sampling all the appetizers), I couldn't finish the fries.Our waitress Amy, was a real sweetheart & talked with us quite a bit.  The owners were there of course & they came around & spoke with everyone.  Such a nice & humble couple!The restaurant isn't that big, they do have booths & table seating.  You do feel comfortable being here.Good Luck, Sweet Tea's! I hope you will continue serving the south Charlotte area for a long time!
4	We heard it had gone through Restaurant Impossible, so my wife and I decided to check it out.  We went at mid afternoon on a weekday, and it was mostly empty.  I had eye meatloaf which was good.  My wife had the catfish fish and chips, which she said was a bit dry.  The cornbread was delicious.  Service was good, but the waitress forgot the ketchup for my wife's fries and the tarter sauce for the fish, although she brought them both when asked.  Very friendly.  Owner/manager(?) came by a couple of times, once to see how we were doing, and once to check out our baby.  I'll go back.
4	Dined here for a second time this past Wednesday night and again enjoyed.  We were greeted by more than one server and seated right away. We had an order of the Deviled Eggs: creamy filling topped with fried chicken and bacon.  Tasty but the egg white was rubbery and reminded me of the precooked eggs that come in 5 gallon buckets, but I did not validate that theory.I am very critical of a chef's interpretation of Shrimp and Grits but these were very good.  Grits were creamy, shrimp still juicy, but I thought a stronger presence of smokiness from a higher quality bacon could have enhanced this meal.My co-diner enjoyed his Chicken Fried Steak and could not finish due to the large portions.  They did gladly substitute greens beans for collards for him.Our server was busy, but attentive and friendly.Glad to have this gem of a restaurant in our area.
2	This place started bad and ended worse. My two friends and I have been wanting to try this place since they reopened. We all work in the industry and are big fans of the show so we were excited to try a restaurant they redid. We gave it a few weeks for them to work out the kinks. Needless to say it was quite disappointing.We arrived around 8:00pm on a Saturday night. When we walked in, a young girl dressed in street clothes with a messy hairdo like she just roller out of bed came up to greet us.The table was already set with silverware and menus. Right off the bat I noticed that the menus were different. One of the menus had additional side dishes listed and a couple changes on the entree side. I also noticed this place was a little empty for a Saturday night. They close at 9pm so maybe they are busier in the early evening.For how slow it was, it took our server way too long to greet us and take our drink orders. When she finally came over we all ordered sweet teas. They have a variety of different fruit flavors to choose from. I ordered the strawberry and my two friends ordered peach and regular sweet. The sweet tea cost $.99 and the flavored teas cost $2.99. She brought back a red colored tea, a peach colored tea, and a regular sweet tea. We paid $2.00 for fruit syrup?! You would think paying $2.00 extra would get you some sort of muddled fruit and simple syrup concoction. I mean the place is called Sweet Teas right?After she dropped off the teas we ordered some apps: the Augusta grilled cheese and the black eyed pea hush puppies. When the apps came out, we noticed that the Augusta grilled cheese had no pimento cheese or spiced Dijon mayo like it said in the description on the menu. It was literally a normal grilled cheese sandwich with a few American cheese slices. The hush puppies were ok. They had a really dark color on them like if they were cooked in old burnt oil. The buffalo ranch sauce, I thought was tasty but my friends did not like. For entrees, I ordered the chicken and waffles, and my friends ordered country fried steak and shrimp and grits. My chicken and waffles and my friend's shrimp and grits was the only reason I gave this place two stars. Both dishes were cooked well and tasted good. My chicken did have that same color as the hush puppies so I could only conclude that they needed to change their fryer oil. The country fried steak was a real disappointment. It was tough, over cooked, and under seasoned. The white pepper gravy was tasteless and gelatinous. The mashed potatoes were stiff, like they had been sitting in a hot well since that afternoon and 'sizzled' collards were a joke. I can understand frying collards as a garnish like you do for the appetizer but you expect someone to eat that as a side dish? Why not re-purpose the collards and actually make good collards? And if you do, put that as the side, not the 'sizzled' ones. After dinner we decided to try dessert. You can't screw up fried Oreos or sweet potato pie right? Wrong! The fried Oreos were burnt to crisp in the old fryer oil and they gave us one tiny scoop of ice cream. We asked the server for another scoop and they gave us a huge scoop but added a dollar to our bill (not that I'm complaining about a dollar). Sweet potato pie is suppose to by creamy and smooth right? This was some sort of cake like dense pie with marshmallow fluff and something else we couldn't figure out. It did seem like they put thyme into the batter or whatever it is they made. Good idea, bad execution. After dinner, we were told we pay at the register. We got up to pay and the same street clothes messy haired girl got up after the owner?? told her to ring us up since she was busy talking with a table. Not to mention, this girl left while we were eating, went to buy clothes and brought it back to the restaurant to show the other two servers. How do I know this? Because she stood at the front of the restaurant showing them off item by item. A bit unprofessional if you ask me.Anyways, everything is handwritten with no PoS system. We were splitting the check so we just had to tell the girl what items we had and she punched it into the cash register. Sounds simple right? Wrong again! She tried to charge my friend $58 after she told her she had an app, flavored tea, entree and dessert. There's no way all that cost $58 with an $11 average entree price. We were standing there an extra 5 minutes because she did not know how to work a cash register.As you can read, this place is just not good. I didn't know the Sweet Teas previous to this one but I'll say it couldn't be much further off. The food, service , and overall restaurant were bad. You could say maybe we went in too late, but if that's the case, this place won't make it long without having consistent food and service
3	Tried this place out after all the HYPE died down. If I could give it 2 1/2 stars, I would. This place was just ok... I ordered the chicken and waffles, my coworker had the chicken and dumplings special. My fried chicken was fried nicely, but who puts syrup on chicken? Then the corn meal waffle was crumbly and not good at all. I like a traditional waffle when I eat chicken and waffles. My friend thought the chicken and dumplings were ok. I tasted it, and it was a bit bland. Nothing to write home about. Cracker Barrel's chicken and dumplings have a better 'taste'. This was a try out for a new lunch spot and i doubt i will return. Not impressed at all.
5	Found this place because of livingsocial I'm a southern girl an love southern cooking. The wait staff were so friendly we ordered the fried chicken breast with pepper mill gravy an home made mashed potatoes mmmm chicken was fried to perfection an was moist inside.  We also had the fried steak an mashed potatoes again was golden brown but not burnt or over done. My mom had the chicken n dumplings she said there was so much chicken lol The dumplings were home made broth just wanted to take a biscuit to the bowl. Now they did not have biscuits they have bread sticks but being they have only been open 2 months I think I see biscuits or corn bread in their future. Now I had the Mac n cheese It was not your baked Mac n cheese or what I make is crock pot Mac n cheese.  Wasnt a fan of their Mac n cheese:(  the whole meal was just awesome an to top it off we shared the fried Oreos yes I said it fried an with ice cream mmmm that Oreo was like it took on a whole new name lol they have fried twinkies mm can't wait to try those. This place is great an they cater as well . Can't wait to go back an try their fried green tomatoes w a balsamic reduction. now the whole menu isn't fried the chicken salad an rueben sandwich sounded good. Sweet tea is just what pineville needed . It's in the bi-lo shopping center off 51 near the mall. Great place to meet for dinner or breakfast :)
3	I came to Sweet T's for lunch today and it was ok. The service was excellent and the prices were very fair next to what you got! My server Erin did a great job. I had the potato skins appetizer and the chicken and waffles lunch entree. The potato skins were great. I loved that they used both goat cheese and feta. The chicken and waffles were ok. The chicken was cooked perfectly but has a bit too much rosemary for me, and the waffle was a creamed corn waffle. It tasted good but it fell apart when I tried to eat it. All in all, I'll be back because the rest of the menu sounds yummy and the people were really nice.-SK
4	This place deserves some Yelp love.  I found out about it due to the TV Show they shot here (Restaurant Impossible) and as a little skeptical but decided to try it -- boy, am I glad I did it.  The place looks nice and the food was very good.  I tried the meatloaf for lunch.  They do justice to this comfort dish.  Well-made, well-presented and great garnishes.  Not to mention that the sweet tea was very sweet and very cold, like it should :-)
4	After hearing sweet teas was on restaurant impossible (and always being curious about Robert's food), I had to give this restaurant a try. 1st, you have to sit in Jason's section, he is very attentive and professional. 2nd, I ordered the stuffed burger, it was good. The fries are fresh and not frozen. Since I never visited sweet teas beforehand, I don't know how it was, but it is a good place to become a regular. Not overpriced and the food is tasty. The one drawback is that it is hidden behind the Starbucks so you may drive by it. This is a good place that will become a big hit soon, so get here quick.
3	Went today for lunch at 1:30. We were the only people in the place. The staff was friendly and answered our questions very well. I ordered the chicken with white gravy. The chicken was lacking salt but not bad. The potatoes were good, reminded me of grandmas. The greens were oily and not seasoned at all, the corn bread was dry, not warm but good flavor. The other person had the stuffed burger and said it was good. It looked good, pre formed patty but nice. The mac and cheese was also good, the only real seasoning was garlic but still good. The see tea was very good. It took a little longer than I expected for the food to arrive but not terribly long. When checking out the total was more than I expected, luckily I caught it before I left because it went from 29 to 19. She took care if it, said something was on the register when she started and quickly reversed the charge. I'm not used to paying at a cashier stand these days. It is tucked away in an old shopping center but very nice on the inside. All in all it was good, not great. I  may go back again, but not a place I would say I must go to again.
5	The food was EXCELLENT the service was EXCELLENT!!!! A must visit. The inside is inviting and nice.
2	A coworker and I decided to give this place a-go after hearing they were taken over by Restaurant: Impossible.I never saw the inside prior to the RI makeover, but it looks very nice inside now compared to your standard dirty strip mall eateries.  It was an "okay" experience.  I ordered the stuffed burger and bacon with cheddar were my victims of choice for stuffage.  I was indeed highly disappointed.  I don't honestly know what I was expecting in the bacon - oh yeah, it to be cooked. I'm not a fan of the "floppy" seemingly undone chewy bacon, and that was "tough to swallow." With that said, the fresh cut fries were the best part of lunch. And that's a good thing for a spud fan.The service wasn't much to write home about either.One benefit in stopping by for lunch is - if sweet tea is your beverage of choice - it is complimentary with the order of a lunch menu item.Another disappointment was a Yelp "check-in" offer for a free dessert item was not accepted, as I was looking to forward to nibble upon some highly rated deep fried oreos.Finishing up the lunch hour, ready to pay the bill and head back to the workplace is when I came upon a big pet peeve I have in restaurants... standing at the register to pay the bill. I'm not at a fast food joint, so I expect the wait staff to handle my bill. This instance it's just kind of awkward waiting around for someone to show up to the register and waiting for everyone in line to be cashed out. Especially more awkward when there isn't a lot of room near the register for a cashing out crowd to gather and a new patrons to enter.I definitely would like to make it back and try something other than the aforementioned disappointing stuffed burger.
2	With the news Sweet Tea's will be on an upcoming episode of Restaurant Impossible, I had to check it out. Unfortunately I was highly disappointed. I arrived @ 12:30 and was seated pretty quickly, as the place was somewhat quiet. I ordered the fried green tomatoes to start and all I will say is grease! From the greasy breading to the greasy collards, I pushed them aware with disappointed. I ordered the rosemary chicken with mashed potatoes, or should I say mashed potatoes with a side of chicken. The chicken was almost rare and greasy. The mashed potatoes took up the entire plate and the gravy, or at least what they called gravy, was diluted and watered down around the plate. In addition, they were partially cooked with an overwhelming amount of garlic. The decor was nice, but I found it quite strange that my waitress sat me, served me, and rang me up at the counter. She was very polite, but there seems to be a disconnect b/t the service. One server sat at the back table laughing and telling stories to the other servers as they walked by and yelled to her Dad a few times in the back of the house. Unfortunately it hurts to write this because I had high hopes, but I will definitely not be back.
5	Great food, friendly service, lovely atmosphere...who could ask for anything more right?  This place isn't in a noticeable spot but once you find it you'll be glad you did.  I've eaten there 3 times do far and every time has been good.  My favorite dish so far is the fried chicken and waffle.  Amazingly good!   Don't miss the rosemary chicken, blackened ribeye sandwich, or their cornbread.  One thing I need to mention also...the prices are very reasonable.  Check this place out.  You won't be disappointed!
4	Comfort Food? Yes. I am very comfortable with Sweet Teas. I've had the Chicken and Waffles, the Shrimp and Grits and the new Salmon Burger. Great Service, good music, modern atmosphere. That's my spot.
4	Went there for lunch with my kids, and everything we had was great. It was busy because they had just been featured on Restaurant Impossible, and they had run out of one thing, the salmon burger that friends had raved about. But we had the ribeye sandwich, the stuffed burger, and the Caesar salad. Everything was first-rate. Service was friendly, and the sweet tea was just what it should be. (I had the blackberry tea, and that was good too.) For dessert we split the banana pudding that was recommended, and we loved it. The new decor is really homey and comfortable, but professional. We will be back soon.
5	AMAZINGThis is my first time coming here. I saw that it was on the show Restaurant Impossible (hosted by chef Robert Irvine ONE OF THE WORLD'S BEST CHEFS.) He and his crew made this place look great and the food has LEGENDARY! I had their southern fried chicken breast-awesome! Crispy , flavorful breading on the outside and tender white meat chicken on the inside. I WILL DEFINITELY COME BACK!
1	Where to start...I'm from Raleigh,NC and spending the weekend out here, so of course I want to check out any restaurant featured on the famous Restaurant Impossible. I'm visiting a few days after the "revisit" from R.I. So I figured they'd be on their "A-game" after this but boy was I wrong. This review is based off my observations of waiting inside the place for 30 minutes.      I saw everything from empty tables; just waiting to be used, non-bused tables the whole time I was waiting, there were people that got sat when we arrived who, when we left, had still not been seen by anyone yet. Also there was a group of four paying for their ticket on the old and outdated ticketing service. This was unbearable to watch, I just felt embarrassed for the workers using it and the customers waiting as the staff fumbled around asking who had what. I did notice that the red hat society was there and even they had issues with service. Another issue I saw was a table had been waiting for a prime rib entree and after waiting they were informed that there was an issue with the food and out of something else now. This whole experience was at 1230pm...How are you out of anything that early in the day?! So this was all while waiting. So when we left I waited behind and spoke to the girl ringing people out. I asked to speak to a manager and she said that the wife was cooking and not able to come out and talk with me. She informed me that the manager said not to sit anyone because they were short staffed. I was just flabbergasted at her response and just careless attitude. She did offer to take my name and number but I declined to provide such information to a business that can't even correctly and efficiently ring out their paying customers. It's just amazing how this place was on a great show yet service suck so bad. I mean...words can't describe my disappointment in this place. I will not be returning anytime to this place. Oh! The only positive mark I will give this place is the decor. They really did a fantastic job on the decor, it was very nice and clean. The IKEA kitchen utensils hanging off the light fixtures looks great in person. I had high hopes for this place but I just couldn't believe l experienced and witnessed before even sat in my 30 minutes there...
3	Went there for my wife's birthday.  The main dishes were very good, I had the stuffed burger, my wife had the meatloaf, Mother in law had a salad which looked amazing, Father I can't remember what he had and my kids had a chicken finger kids plates.  I was contemplating between a 3 and 4 star, because the service was really not good, kitchen was really slow and we went on a Monday fairly early so it wasn't crowded.  The server seemed to be a bit overwhelmed, although very nice and attentive, there were a couple other people that worked there that weren't as busy and were doing quite a bit of talking.  My fries were luke warm at best unfortunately, the reason I would go back was again the main dishes where good, the kids portions where very generous for the price.  Not sure I would take work clients there, but definitely take my family.
5	Simply said, the food here is delicious.  I've never seen food being brought out grab the attention of every patron in the restaurant.  Every dish was prepared and presented beautifully.  The smell of the food was wonderful, whether it was the pot pie, the ribs, potato soup, or the homemade cornbread.  At my table, the salmon cakes were a huge hit, as was the country fried chicken and gravy.  The bigger hit may have actually been the green beans and bacon, which comes as a side.  The bacon they use is absolutely fantastic, and I'm pretty certain I could just order a plate of their green beans and be perfectly happy.  As I look at other reviews, I wonder if this place might be inconsistent or something, but on this day, they were bringing their A-game.  All in all, this is a great little hole in the mall, if you ask me.
5	Visited the restaurant with my father last night after seeing on restaurant impossible.  Arrived at 7 PM and seated quickly.  Service was prompt and they had many servers on the floor. The food was excellent and our server checked back often.  The burger was perfect as was the Cole slaw.  My father's catfish was excellent but the fries were greasy.  We had the fried Oreos for desert - fantastic.  Unlike other reviews our server took the check and closed the bill for us.  The overall experience far exceeded our expectations. We will be back!
4	Great food, great service, easy location! Only reason I did not give you 5stars was because of wait. The restaurant has out grown their location. You must wait at least 15-20 to be seated and because the restaurant is small only a few waitress's.I been here several times and will post pictures from next trip....Worth the wait!!! :)
5	Great food, good service, and lovely decor. We will be back! Chicken and waffles ROCK!
2	You know things have gone bad when the host brings your appetizer to your table after he took the order (our waitress was too busy) and says, "Your food's ready too, do you want it?". Lol. What choice did we have and why were we having to make it at all? The newly-renovated restaurant still leaves much to be desired when it comes to the service. I got the feeling they were all pretty new to waiting tables. The most disappointing part of the night was the feeling like they were trying to get rid of us. There was no line of people waiting outside. In fact, there was no one coming in at all and yet they treated us as if their main goal was to turn the table. I was asked about desert while eating a mouthful of my entree numerous times and then given the check and not asked if we even wanted any by someone else. I also ordered a flavored sweet tea, which was 3 times more than a normal sweet tea, and when I asked for a re-fill, was given regular tea out of the pitcher that he'd just poured my girlfriend's regular sweet tea from. I had to ask again for the strawberry tea I had ordered. Don't get me wrong, the fried chicken and waffle, aside from a slightly too soft waffle, were amazing! The only thing missing was a little more syrup for the waffle. My girlfriend's salmon cakes were huge and tasted really good too. The aforementioned appetizer we had ordered were the potato skins with goat, cheddar and feta cheeses. Unfortunately, there was one cheese on each for a total of three. We thought they would come with all three cheeses on each and at least four pieces so we could each have two. It tasted like they forgot them in the oven for too long but they were still pretty good, if not a tad hard to cut through and piping hot. Again though, we were having to eat all of this at once and fast so we could eat it hot. The fried oreo's for desert were OUT OF THIS WORLD!!! It was my first time trying fried oreo's so maybe that was why but they weren't greasy at all and the ice cream it came with was perfect. At the end of the meal, we both agreed, if they had just comped our app we would have come back again.....but alas....they didn't. Sorry Sweet Tea's, you're still missing the mark, but you're probably a lot better than you were : )
4	food was very good, only complaint was the waitstaff, too young, they need experienced staff who know how to pay attention to the customer,
5	Very good food,  excellent service, and nice atmosphere. A+ on the Shrimp and Grits.
3	Tables were very closely spaced and our party of 4 was cramped. Menus were dirty which were a surprise. Service was uneven; they appeared to try hard but it just didn't come together. Request to taste an item before ordering was answered "no." When waitress asked manager, the answer was "no." Shrimp and grits were not low country style but the shrimp were not frozen and they were juicy -- highlight! Cornbread was from a mix and terribly sweet. Fried tomatoes were too thick and improperly coated with a heavy batter; sadly they were swimming in oil, as was the fried Kale garnish. Keep your oil temp up!Sweet tea was OK, but they've got to stop making it the restaurant way with baking soda. Go to a Southern church and learn how to make real Southern sweet tea.
4	Wife and I ate there on a Saturday afternoon.  I had the shrimp and grits and she had the rosemary chicken.  Both meals were delicious.  The bread pudding desert was also delicious.
2	I went to this place based on the menu I saw posted on yelp. After I arrived I started to read some reviews just to see what this place was all about. I now know why they were on RI. Why do they have a hostess stand when all employees run and hang out in the back? Why is  the hostess/register stand filled with crappy impulse items? I ordered the Country Fried Chicken with greens and mashed then received the country fried steak. Lucky she was cute and I don't send food back or I may have walked. I'm glad I didn't though. The food was good. The steak was tough but I don't think they have an awesome chef there. the greens and mash were very good with a side of cornbread which was outstanding. This place has a shitty location and they played Smashmouth and Janet Jackson a little loud for my taste. The service was ok, which it should have been great because of the lack of people in the restaurant. It's just OK.
1	Took my wife because she enjoys trying new places.  She is also loves shrimp & grits...  I enjoy comfort food so we were looking forward to adding a new "regular" spot to our rotation.She was very happy with her order and the service was pretty good until....I ordered the chicken fried steak and it was cooked until it crumbled into dust.  When asked the obligatory "how is everything" I turned it to show the waitress and said "I am not sure what comes after WELL DONE- but I think this is it!She looked, agreed - and then said "sorry about that - I go tell them"...She returned about 5 minutes later and said "can I get you some more to drink?"I asked about the dust bunny on my plate and she responded, "I told them"So after waiting another few minutes I asked for the check (it was still on there) - I paid it and left!I will never go back and feel anyone who would deserves that type of service.
2	Soooooo, there was an online article about Sweet Tea's that caught my attention. I decided to give it a try. First impression? The small waiting area/entrance had items of trash on the floor and newspapers in disarray on a stand. Once I entered the restaurant there were 4-5 employees sitting at a table (meeting?) obviously too busy to clean the entrance area. As I was seated by the hostess I noticed 3 more employees come into the restaurant, none of them bothered to clean the entrance way or pickup the trash. The floor of the restaurant was sticky in some areas and very slippery in other areas. Did I mention an employee's cell phone was near the cash register and kept ringing? (not to mention the ring tone was annoying). The food was mediocore. Terrible cornbread! The restaurant is 'drafty' so bring a sweater/jacket. The shrimp & grits dish is commendable yet I dont think they are 'Charleston' grits. Long short, I would not suggest you rush to visit Sweet Tea's....it's not worth it.
2	Not my cup of tea. I went in with some friends for an early dinner. The place wasn't too busy when we arrived and it's seat yourself so we grabbed a table and sat down. Our waitress was super friendly but the food just didn't do it or me. I'm not an ice tea drinker (I know...I know) so I can't comment on that but here goes:For our appetizer we ordered the deviled eggs which come topped with chicken and bacon. How could you mess that up??? Well, the presentation was just bad. It looked like they just threw the eggs and toppings on the plate. To make matters worse, the flavors just were not good. It was like the chicken came out a can...ugh! No thank you.For my meal, I ordered the chicken and waffles. I knew based on previous reviews, to ask for my syrup on the side...to avoid syrupy chicken. But let's just say, again that the textures and flavors were a huge miss. I expected the waffle to be light and fluffy...nope. Instead it was dry and crumbled with each bite. That's not a good thing...the saving grace was the tabasco butter. Now, that was yummy.The chicken was not crispy and I wasn't a fan of the skin...See I am not one of those girls that takes the skin off and only eats the chicken meat...Nooooo....normally I eat it all. But not here...the skin nor the chicken were good for me. So pretty much Sweet Tea's just wasn't for me.
1	So lets see.. I had really high hopes for this restaurant, they seemed so sincere in wanting to better the restaurant after the Robert Irvine overhaul. Anyway I would not recommend this place to anyone. To start off at the start of our experience the ceiling began to leak right above our table, no big deal, out of their control. So the waitress takes our drink order and somehow with the restaurant almost empty takes a while to get some simple water and lemonade orders. Server never tried to talk about the menu, I asked her about one of the items on it and she couldn't even answer a simple question, good job not knowing the menu. So we proceeded with our order.Myself: veggie pot pie, well it was bad. Not creamy, metallic taste to i, closer to cold than warm and the puff pastry that serves as the crust..chewy. After two bites I couldn't eat anymore.Wife: chicken fried chicken, dry and not even crispy,the breading turned mush with the gravy. The kale chips were good at the top and bottom extremely greasy. Friend: had a burger and Mac and cheese, not even McDonald's messes up a burger....I think enough said about that......oh the Mac and cheese one bite and no thank you.So while we ate the server must have been too busy with the invisible guests to refill our glasses. Then she walks up with a pitcher of tea..... We had water and lemonade. So then our friend asks for lemonade and the waitress gets another cup, puts lemonade in it, reaches over the food and pours it from one cup into our friends. So I get the check and they wanted me to pay for the food I didn't even eat. I don't think so. Anyway if your reading this and haven't gone, save yourself a headache.
3	I didn't really care for the meatloaf, but loved the appetizers and cornbread. The service was very accommodating and the food came out fast. I will probably give this restaurant another shot, but will order something else.  The fried chicken and waffles that I observed on another table looked very good.
5	Been twice, will be back again.  Shrimp and grits or Meatloaf!  Thanks for having the servers take payment. Nothing ruins a good meal like waiting in line to pay.
5	Top-notch service and delicious cuisine.  The place was packed full of happy diners. I had the Chicken and Waffles, coconut tea, and Kentucky Derby Pie. The Chicken and Waffles were seasoned in a way I never tasted before and was perhaps the best I've ever eaten. I live several hours away from here and this is an eatery well worth going out of my way for a meal. It was a bit hard to find as it is hidden in a shopping center just off of the main road but it is now waypointed in my navigation system for easy relocation next time I want a delicious meal.
5	LOVE this place! Never a disappointment. Every time I go it's delish! I just wish it was open later cause I don't get off work until 8. Lunchtime stuffed burgers and the other lunch items are a must have!
4	My family went to eat there after we watched them on Restaurant Impossible. I loved the food. The fried green tomatoes were to die for and only comment is I would add a thicker cream based sauce on the tomatoes. I had the chicken fried steak which was amazing. The shrimp and grits was okay but a little greasy and not too creamy. However, the catfish was really great!  Would love to make it out there again and again.
5	The mixed reviews on here confuse me; I thought this place was great! Good house wine, burger was delicious, fish and chips was well prepared, and I'm still thinking about the banana pudding 4 days later. We live right near this restaurant, I wish we had visited sooner. We will definitely be back!
4	My husband and I are went there for dinner on a recommendation from a friend who knows the owner. We were very pleasantly surprised at how good everything was.  I had the fish and chips and my husband had the chicken and waffles and we were both quite pleased with our meals.
2	BF & I came here for lunch a couple of weeks ago after washing my car. We were starving & wanted to try someplace different nearby so I found this little restaurant through Yelp. Unfortunately I wasn't all that impressed. I don't like writing negative reviews & I was contemplating on giving this restaurant 3 stars.. but I did not feel like it was an A-OK experience.  MEH pretty much summed it up!There are a couple of vegetarian options under the lunch specials- the black bean burger & vegetable pot pie.  I have eaten so many black bean burgers so I opted for the vegetable pot pie.  I asked for sweet potato fries as my side, but our server said it didn't come with a side since it was a pretty big portion.. silly me didn't read the menu carefully enough.  BF ordered the southern bang bang shrimp & his came with two sides! So he got the sweet potato fries for me (so sweet, huh?) & slaw for himself. Both lunches came with sweet tea & it was so delicious & refreshing, but I know how some people can be picky about their sweet tea so idk how it lives up to "y'alls" standards. Whatever, I liked it! We also ordered the baby greens salad which came with feta, tomatoes, candied pecans, & roasted onion vinaigrette.While we were waiting on our food, I decided to read some more reviews on this place.  I stumbled upon one review which mentioned that the sauce on the vegetable pot pie had an odd, metallic taste to it.  I thought oh great.. is it too late to change my order to the safe black bean burger?  Too bad the food came out shortly after I read that review.  It was a huge portion & it looked pretty good with the puffy crust, creamy sauce, & abundance of vegetables, which included corn, peas, carrots, cauliflower, & broccoli.  Sounds good, right? In theory! I took one bite & I immediately wished I had gotten the black bean burger. However, I don't like sending food back or wasting it so I dealt with it & ate it. The sauce definitely had some kind of off-putting metallic taste to it.The sweet potato fries were also pretty disappointing.  They weren't very hot or crispy & were covered in either honey or syrup.. blehh.  Is that a thing with southern food? Had I known they were going to be drenched in a sugary sauce, I would have ordered them without it. I had no idea though because normally when I order sweet potato fries, they just have a little sprinkling of salt on them. I was glad we didn't end up paying extra to have them as a side, but I kinda felt bad for my BF because he got them for me as one of his sides & ended up eating them.The baby greens salad was alright. Ordered them with the tomatoes on the side & the candied pecans were freaking delicious.. but the roasted onion vinaigrette was unusual & not in a very good way.  If I ordered this again, I would try it with a different dressing.Our server was very friendly & the decor was interesting. BF seemed to like his food (either that or he was really hungry) so they get a couple of stars for that.  For me, the food wasn't that great but the service was, so she still got a 20% tip because it's not the server's fault if the food isn't good. Our bill was $25 before the tip for mediocre food. It might be awhile but I would be willing to try this place again & get the black bean burger next time.
3	Return Update:I returned with a different coworker than the last time. He opted to go with a stuffed burger, picking Swiss and bacon. I could definitely tell his bacon was actually cooked for him. Good job, team.This time around I chose the meatloaf. It was okay. Seemed to possibly be a little over done? The mashed taters were good and the green beans infused with bacon were very tasty!The Yelp! check-in offer still seems to be a bit of a joke.They have also changed the cash out procedure, putting it in the hands of the server now. Read my first review if you're confused.I would probably go back.
3	We saw this place featured on the Food Network on "Restaurant Impossible" like many other people and figured we had to give it a shot!The look and feel of the restaurant is nice.  Clean, cozy, warm with nice decor and more of an upscale, brunch looking place.  You would not be able to tell that from the outside.The selection of food is a combination of traditional American and Southern comfort food.  It's nice that all entrees come with a free sweet tea.  Unfortunately, I did not realize this and got a flavored sweet tea for a little extra, which turned out too be a little too artificial tasting, but not a big deal.I naturally had to try the chicken and waffles, and it wasn't the best I've ever had, but not the worst either.  It was just OK.  My husband got a cuban sandwich though, and that was pretty tasty!We were able to cash in on our free dessert for having checked-in using Yelp and went for the bread pudding which was VERY tasty.  I am a huge sweet tooth, so this was right up my alley.Overall, I'd come back since I frequent that area often, but wouldn't go out of my way for it.
4	Came in for lunch today with my mom. Service was friendly and decor was very pleasant and inviting. My mother ordered a BLFGT, which is a BLT with a fried green tomato. I thought this was a unique concept for a sandwich and she was pleased with her food. I ordered the Shrimp Po Boy and it was extremely flavorful. The only disappointment was the macaroni and cheese side we both ordered. I am definitely a mac and cheese snob and my standards might be a little too demanding. I thought the flavor was lacking but I still finished every bite, so it wasn't bad. Just nothing special. I would definitely recommend this to anyone excited by southern cuisine because they do have some unique ideas and great veggie options, including a veggie pot pie and black bean burger. Will definitely come again and try something new. I am also a pickle enthusiast, and their complimentary dill pickle spear with each sandwich gives them a thumbs up in my book.
5	My husband and I went here for the first time and loved it! Everything from the food to the service to the dining setup was great! The toasted pound cake was so good we almost met our maker! We'll definitely be back and with friends!
3	I had a day off work just before New Years Eve and decided to do a little post-Christmas shopping at Nordstrom Rack and Carolina Place Mall.  In between I decided to stop and grab a bite of lunch and since I have been wanting to check out Sweet Tea's, I finally did.  It was around 12 or 12:30 when I arrived, and the place had a few patrons, but was not overly busy.  After taking a quick peek at the menu, I decided to try the Chicken & Waffles.  I have to say, it was not terrible, but also not the best chicken & waffles I have eaten.  The first bite of chicken was not very pleasant - it was a small chicken leg that did not have a good texture or flavor.  So I was worried... then I took a bite of the waffle. I have to say, it was a bit odd. For starters, it was cold... and the texture was strange - not at all what I expected. The syrup was pretty decent and the waffle definitely needed it since it was a bit on the dry side.  Then I finally dug into the big piece of chicken breast that was on the waffle - this was much tastier than the chicken leg. It was a boneless breast and I thought it was seasoned and cooked nicely. So, based on the yummy chicken breast, I would say this place definitely has potential. However, they need to re-think the waffle and do a better job making sure they are serving it hot and fresh. All in all, I would give this place another try- I just will pass on the waffles.
3	We used Sweet T's for catering and we're not very impressed with our choice. We went with a burger bar, and realize we should have gone with something else. The burgers literally looked like hockey pucks and were not very flavorful. We also got 1/4 order of the chicken and those that tried it said it was alright.We were impressed with the organization of the catering and that the guy who delivered went back to the restaurant for metal racks and sternos to keep the burgers warm. We would like to try the actual restaurant in the future.
2	We ate here twice and I got sick both times. I tried the shrimp and grits the first time and the fish and chips the second time, which I thought were tasty but I ended up with horrible abdominal pains later that evening each time.  I was afraid I was going to have to go seek medical attention because it was so bad.  I won't be going back but the other members of my party enjoyed it. The employees were very nice so it is unfortunate that the food did not agree with me.
5	My wife and I had dinner therelast night. The location is in small shopping center and restaurant itself is not very big.We both had the rosemary chicken and it was excellant, juicy and very tasty. The mash potato's were bland but collard greens were very tasty. The corn bread was very good. The location is some distance from where we live but we do plan to return
4	This place was surprisingly superb. I'd purchased a groupon and thought what the heck. I ordered the chicken and waffles based on the recommendations of yelp. I was not disappointed as the waffles were the best I've had in this area and the chicken was seasoned well and tender. I will return here despite it being far from my home in north Charlotte.
4	Great place to have dinner. A hidden gem. I has the crab cakes and sweet potato fries. Must save room for desserts. Their portions are huge so expect to bring home a doggie bag. We will be back.
5	Come here for the excellent food but save lots-o-room for dessert. There were several choices, I had trouble deciding. Finally went with the apple crisp (made here) w/ice cream. Fantastic. Will return, hopefully soon.
2	I had the fish and chips and ended up very sick for the rest of the day, I wanted to try it for the sake of it being on Restaurant Impossible. However I have been extremely sick to my  stomach for the past 24 hours.
2	Little lunch spot in the strip mall. Doesn't feel very southern. Decor is dark black and brown. Maybe an Italian place before? I am not convinced the owner or chef are actually southern or trained in southern cuisine. At any rate, very sweet (very) tea. Meatloaf was mediocre but dried out with a sauce covering it to disguise the dryness. Mac and cheese tasted like a box mix. Random mix of hip hop and reggae playing further boggled my mind about a place that markets itself as southern comfort food.
4	Although in a nondescript strip shopping center, Sweet Tea is very nice little restaurant. The first thing I saw as I walked in was a fire in the fireplace - automatically creating a cozy atmosphere. This is sort of an "upscale meat and three" type place - but no canned vegetables here. I ordered the vegetable pot pie which can easily morph into a chicken pot pie as an adder. The serving size was generous, the sauce was very rich and good, it was topped with puff pastry and thank goodness, the vegetables weren't killed! My server was attentive and kind. Definitely give Sweet Tea a try. Look for it a couple of doors down from the Bi-Lo across 51 from the hospital in Pineville.
1	The service was fast. Staff was polite. My first time at the establishment and I ordered chicken and waffles to go. The chicken had a burnt appearance, but I was informed it is brined first hence why it doesn't look like typical fried chicken. Also because I ordered it to-go the presentation of the food isn't as nice. I'm not sure if I'd dine here again. One thing I wouldn't order is the fried chicken or waffles.
5	I purchased a deal from Livingsocial for Sweet Tea and I am happy I purchase this deal. I was skeptical about Sweet Tea due to the mix reviews about Sweet Tea. My experience with Sweet Tea was good. I love the fact the lunch comes with tea. I ordered the po boy and it was good. It came with a side choice. The baby greens salad was huge and it had pecan in it. One of my family members ordered meat loaf and it was good. Our server was Kristie and she was very attentive and friendly. The manager was polite to customers. The potatoe skin came in three large sizes and not dry. Its apple crisp was very delicious and it wasn't soggy. The size of apple crisp was generous. If livingsocial or groupon has a deal for Sweet Tea, don't hestitate to purchase a deal  give this place a try. Plus, you can also go to Carolina Place Mall to shop because Sweet Tea is closed to Carolina Place Mall. Plenty of parking space to park at Sweet Tea.
5	This place  really was excellent.  I was there with a party of 7.  Every person loved their meal.  The service was amazing,  staff friendly.  Owner came by.  We never needed anything.Food was amazing.  When we arrived at 5 we were the second table,  by the time we left the place was packed.I won't detail what we had.   Everyone had a different meal and everything was incredible.  I will be back.
5	This place is a gem! My family had dinner here on a Saturday evening and everything was great. I had the Rosemary chicken and it was delish. The have kids meals and our kids were very happy. The service was friendly and efficient. We also had the Fried Green Tomatoes and we all gobbled those up. Yum. Wish they would move to the Arboretum.
5	Try the brisket! It rocks!! Also shrimp and gritts were perfect!! What a great place and it even has fried Oreos on the menu. We will be back.
4	My wife & I tried out Sweet Tea's because of an Amazon Local Deal. Turned out to be a great little restaurant! Cozy atmosphere, and the staff was so nice. The good was great! We had the shrimp & grits, the Bang Bang shrimp, and the sweet potato fries (which they lightly salt and drizzle with honey). It all tasted great! Def going back!
3	It's a small place but well kept. Chairs were a bit uncomfortable though. The waitress was apathetic and I didn't get any of the much touted corn bread (she didn't offer and I forgot). I had shrimp and grits and it was tasty. Used the check-in for fried Oreos and they were good also but I'm not a huge fan of frying sweets. The table behind us had a different server and she was much more engaging and they got corn bread, so if I had her I would've given Sweet Tea's four stars.
5	I'm so glad since restaurant impossible came to help sweet tea seems alot of ppl have found out this small little hide away is  a great place. I've been back after Robert irvine an his crew were there.  The inside is more inviting an the menu isn't all over the place an they now serve beer n wine.  The fried chicken an smashed potatoes is still my favorite. I still don't care for the corn bread it's very sweet an too crumbly. I'm taking a group on Tuesday I just luv a small business .  I had the fish an chips this last time but I'm stuck on fried chicken breast with saw mill gravy .  Look for great things to come from this place an I understand restrurant impossible with sweet tea will air in march :) Bon appetite lol
4	This was one of several restaurants my wife and I frequented, so we were disappointed when we discovered it was closed.  The food and atmosphere were good and the restaurant received a very good bump from their Restaurant Impossible makeover.  My wife and I, however, could see they were having problems substaining the traffic.
1	This place sucked and I'm glad they're closed. The people saying it couldn't sustain business because of location are wrong. TLC Wings next door does just fine. Why? Because their food is good. Even after Restaurant Impossible, they couldn't maintain high standards for their food and service. I hate to see local places go under but this place had no business being open. Owners were horrible, food and service sucked. Sorry.
