5	Come for the great medical care, STAY FOR THE FOOD!Luckily, my health insurance paid for an overnight sleep test here at the Mayo Clinic Hospital, and as usual, the medical care was great.  Staff was attentive and helpful, and I even got to watch streaming movies on their TV (Harry Potter...no Adult channels tho)However, their cafeteria is top notch!  The next morning,  I stumbled out of my sleep test at 7AM into the cafeteria and was amazed at the great selection of breakfast choices at such low prices.  I had a made-to-order omelet and two pancake breakfast with Starbucks coffee, all for the low price of under $5!  They also have affordable lunch and dinner specials.I'd feel uncomfortable recommending people to go to the hospital only for the best, cheap breakfast this side of Denny's Grand Slam promotions, so I won't.   Instead, check to see if your health insurance covers Mayo Clinic care, and then you can eat here any time (gosh forbid) you or your loved ones need hospital care.
5	My Parents and I dined here following my Father's release from the hospital.  They ordered the Pepper Beef entre served on rice.  A very generous helping and delicious.  I had the Wild Mushroom Enchiladas, which were not only flavorful and spicey, but also a very colorful presentation.  Not at all what you would expect for hospital food.  A large salad bar, gourmet coffees and Dreyers soft-serve ice cream for dessert!  You won't be disappointed.
5	From the first time we stepped into the place until the time we drove away, it was nothing but organized and friendly. Everyone was great. The food was good, just watch for the precooked burgers in the "juice" if you have time ask for a fresh cooked one. prices were very reasonable.
2	Two very different experiences at the Mayo Clinic.I was taken care of very well the first time.  Prompt service, attentive staff, and the kind of organization my half German side can appreciate.  Basically, what you expect from a top notch hospital especially when you are getting charged double to triple the price.The most recent visit, however, falls on the opposite end of the spectrum.  Specifically, Dr Christopher Lipinski, possibly the rudest, most arrogant, brash, condescending, abrasive, uncaring ER physician---or for that matter---ANY physician I've ever had the misfortune of meeting.  His bedside manners leave much to be desired.  Is he a doctor or an obnoxious frat boy dressed like one?  Does he care one iota about the patient or does he think he's doing you a favor by being in the same room with you?  Maybe one day he'll adjust his very bad attitude.http://www.mayoclinic.org/bio/13735799.html
1	Last May I had become suddenly ill and lost my balance.I live in Los Angeles, and since the Mayo Clinic in Rochester had been such a incredible institution we mad the grave error of going to the one in Phoenix which carries the Mayo name. Alas, it has no resemblencte to the one in Rochester.The Phoenix Mayo, is an ordinary, money making corporate institution, which has forgotten the principles on what the Mayo brothers had founded the hospital originally and is a slick organization.Yes, there was one lady by the name of Tate Henry, who was kind and attentive however, when it came to billing  department,I do believe that the Mayo in Phoenix is completely mercenary. Mrs. Henry was powerless.I have medicare and supplemental insurance. Blue cross clearly stated that they would be willing to pay provided that the coding was corrected. Which basically meant that I did not go for a regular, nor preventive care. That the fact was I had no balance and was in a wheel chair, being taken in by Mrs. Henry and that the doctor in Phoenix Mayo who saw me wanted to rule out that I had suffered a stroke, etc. did not seem to matter.Blue cross stayed on the conference call to Mayo and explained that because of their coding, Medicare had refused to pay, thus making Blue cross unable to pay. Yes, the onus fell on me. Nearly a year into this Mayo Phoenix will not correct the billing, thus making my providers unable to pay and insisting that I pay.The decency of Medicare through all this has been incredible. Every time, that I have called, they have actually taken an interest in the human being and are trying to do something.Mayo Phoenix will not. Please make sure that if you are considering the Mayo Clinic avoid the Phoenix name only institution. They have none of the principles of the Rochester. They are interested in making money. They are unclear at the start, and basically are a less then an honorable institution.I wanted to let others, who like me, may consider the Phoenix institution because of proximity must avoid them at all costs. They have nothing in common with the Rochester Mayo. Having one good person in a institution does not mean that that you will not be tossed aside when it comes to money and looking and hiding behind implementing errors. Yes, they say they are obeying the rules. That is what they said while marching human beings to the gas chamber.
5	I love everything about MCH - from the Specialty Building to the Hospital cafeteria - it so organized and well-run.  I spent way too much time there last year, and their dedication is the only reason I am able to write this now.  I had amazing surgery unavailable here and several followup visits.  I learned how easy it was to take the SuperShuttle from Sky Harbor to the Marriott on the grounds of the Hospital and then in my off hours, use the Marriott shuttle to get around Scottsdale shopping.  i was very sad when my primary relocated to Seattle as I discovered I really like Arizona and will miss the staff at MCH very much.  I literally owe them my life.  I am not sure why people are complaining about the price - my insurance coverage was the same as here at home but you have the benefit of the Mayo experience.  The doctors are not motivated by personal gain since I found out they are on SALARY - not commissions and kickbacks.  Example:  I was not over-radiated because my doctor needed two more scans to get that condo in Aruba for a week, etc. Even if you are not a patient, the grounds of Main and Shea campuses are literally art exhibits - everywhere you look, inside and out, there is something beautiful.  I fell in love with the large bronze in the Healing Garden outside the Hospital - "The Transformation of the Shaman" and it led to the discovery of other works by this artist in various locations in AZ.
1	1. Overloaded Hospital staff.2. Lack of communications nurses to Hospitalist.3. Wrong food, repeatedly4. Lack of proper medications5. Very poor communications patient to admitting doctor6. Noisy room7. Poor sanitation and cleanliness
5	Simply the best medical care anywhere.  When I read negative reviews I really wonder if they staggered into the same business that I did.The Mayo has been an exceptional experience for me and I found that the quality of care and the caring staff are the two real differentiators for me.  Thank you Mayo Clinic for the great care!!
5	I'm donating my kidney.  I've been here for tests 3 times in the past week and have a few more days to go before the actual surgery.Each day, I have an itinerary to follow.  For my appointments last week, I was there for 10 hours.  It sounds like a lot, and it is, but rarely was any of that time spent waiting to be called for an appointment.  At the end of the day, I get a print-out of the next tests I need with appointments.  They've been very accommodating of my crazy life and schedule and have really gone the extra mile to make sure to schedule things when I can be there.You check in, sit and wait for 5 minutes until your name is called.  I have never seen anything as organized as this!!!  Everyone is really friendly and informative and never seemed bothered by my questions.  I mean, I'm giving someone an organ.  They'd better treat me well, right?For my surgery, I am only expected to spend one night here.  I'm gonna play it like I need another night...just because I am treated so well there!
1	I've had the pleasure of using this facilty since it was built, and had I rated it on any of my past visits, it would have gotten 5 stars like many of the reviews you'll find here.Unfortunately, this is not the same Mayo Hospital as 2010 or earlier.Mayo, like every other business entity in today's economic environment is now demonstrating a particular focus on bottom line rather than patient care. I experienced this first hand last week during a two day procedure.Inquisitive, I asked several staff members what was going on, since the level of service had deteriorated so noticeably. I got the same response from nearly all I spoke with. Mayo, in its efforts to fill all the beds has now started accepting most insurances, (a concept they turned their nose up at in the past) the result of which is an overly crowded hospital. Due to the nature of my procedure, I was to stay overnight. I stayed overnight, but in a holding area instead of a room. Again, the nurses informed me there were simply no rooms available. The result.Both my wife and my doctor were unable to locate me. The nurses were not helpful and willfully disregarded the printed instructions given to my wife at check-in, (stating visiting procedures post-op).After several (4) hours of my frantic spouse trying to locate me, she finally was told she could not see me due to my not being accessible.My doctor was unable to locate me until 5 hours after the surgery at which time he blew up at the staff, (in my presence) informing them a room was necessary due to the extensive neurological testing required the next morning and how this could not be performed in a holding area. The next day when I did come around, I found a nice bump on my head along with a nice cut on my face. I informed the nurse on duty but she deferred to the patient care rep who blew it off as a routine condition that regularly occurs in surgery, telling me the surgery table was cold and my head likely stuck to it. (like that explains the goose egg and cut)The doctor was the best. The nursing staff was also top notch. It was the overcrowding, the panic they managed to instill in my family by not keeping them informed post operatively, and the dumb as hell patient rep whose ardent defense of the hospital only made her look stupid, and me contemptuous.The Mayo has always been a top notch facility, but this visit proved anything but. When you charge the prices the Mayo does, there's no excuse for the troubles we experienced.I, like the other reviewers, routinely recommended the Mayo as being the standard in ultimate patient care.Not anymore.I could have gotten this level of disappointment at the County Hospital.
4	I've never had better medical care in my life. I love Dr. Kelly Helms. If you have girlie parts, she's the one to see.  She's likely younger than you are, but her beside manner is top notch. She cares deeply. I've had reason to visit the emergency room here and was quickly admitted for surgery the next day. The quality of medical attention and knowledge of the dr.s is just the best. Contrarily, the really pretty, young, blond nurse who works on the floor i stayed on overnight was a masochistic control freak who argued with me and delivered only half doses of pain meds (not okay in this situation). I was in pain under her watch and she acted as if i were a whiney drug seeker. REALLY MAD AT HER. The emergency room on another visit was not crowded but they didn't have a lot of people on staff at that time of night. I had to wait for hours for the ultrasound tech to arrive. Which, again, would've been okay if I had been given an effective dose of pain medication. Rather, they waited to confirm that my ovary had torsed twice and formed 2 blood pumpimg cysts which were on the verge of bursting. I know, it's gross. I was in the worst pain of my entire life and didn't have that effectively managed until they saw the situation from the inside. I'm not one to suffer in silence, there's no excuse for it when we have solutions. I think they do a great job, but are a little suspicious of people in pain. I don't know why you wouldn't be in some degree of pain in an emergency ward.
5	Sometimes, a place will save your life. This is one of those places. I wasn't dying when I came in here, but my life was pretty miserable. I had horrible migraines, and I had no idea why.After a couple trips to various doctors, I took my MRI and CT scans to the Mayo Hospital, and made an appointment with the ENT department. Don't come here thinking you will get a nose job just because you are concerned with your appearance. This isn't Scottsdale surgical spa. It's funny because, in the lobby, there was a girl who complained about her crooked nose and claimed she had a deviated septum --just so she could get a nose job. She was pissed when the doc denied her. Awesome sauce.In any case, the ENT department accurately went over my scans, and referred me to Neurology. As a TEAM, they came through with a treatment plan and helped solve my migraine issue. I didn't need surgery, even though some doctors suggested I should get it done. I would trust my life with the Mayo Clinic. I'm currently uninsured, but have no problem paying cash to my providers here (within reason of course) because I know I am getting the best treatment in the country.
1	Nursing staff  treated me like I was a complete waste of their time the entire week I was there. Just terrible.
5	Upscale Scottsdale hospital, lots of good looking nurses. Just saying. ;)
5	My number one choice of employer. (Someday?) Reason being, of all the times I've been in and out of here, everyone from CNA's to Docs have been nice, knowledgeable, and caring.
1	from personal experience Mayo clinic as well as the medical staff do not recognize your right to autonomy. They will in fact force procedures on you against your will, as was my case. Had I not been as naive as when this was done to me I would have sought the council of a attorney. As it is though I was abused traumatized, and in my opinion "raped" they were forced to offer me a small settlement Don' t go to this (my opinion) barbaric hospital!
1	as i've mentioned, I had the unfortunate displeasure of being diverted by ambulance to this hell hole( my opinion) and being treated by joseph mengler, i mean my arch enemy chris appleton. He showed absolutely no respect, and left me in an emotionally and psychologically hole . Stay away be warned!
5	Everyone here who treated my mother was fantastic.  I couldn't be more pleased.  I have been in some really fine hospitals, but this place takes the cake.  They are so efficient and organized, the facilities are really beautiful, and everyone is nice all the time.  And the doctors are top-notch.
5	Hands down the best hospital in the valley.  Clean, organized, efficient, and safe.  I love Mayo
5	I've never felt more secure and assured in my medical treatment than here at the specialty clinic, specifically. My doctor took his time educating me on my treatment options. I never felt rushed. My PA is amazing! She is so patient and careful while treating me and giving my dosage instructions - every month.I love how Mayo mails me my appointment  itinerary way in advance. I love how the Mayo Specialty Pharmacy calls ME each time it's time for a refill. And then they SHIP it to me. For free! That's convenient! That's cool.They are usually on time or even early for my appointments too! I've never had such a great medical office experience before!The cafeteria food is impressive too! Lots of options and made-to-order items. The turkey burger was delicious!Great place. Great staff. Great treatment.
1	Mayo is great when they are great but they are at the bottom of the barrel when they are bad. I am a long time patient and have been very happy with the treatment I receive from Mayo. BUT, recently I had a problem and my doc was out of town. This time, the whole Mayo system failed me. Even after multiple attempts to talk to the doctor on call, no one returned my calls. In desperation, I went to their emergency department only to be treated like an errant school child by Dr. Ricky Arnold who did not contact the orthopedic department as I requested for their opinion. I hate to say it but Mayo has some big issues they need to look into. For me, the blush is off this rose for sure. After a very upset call to an afterhours receptionist, I did get to talk to the on call Orthopedic guy, Dr. Woods. This was after 2 full days of waiting for a call from their "on-call" backup for my doc. Dr. Woods was courteous and helpful. He answered my questions and attempted to do some recovery from the abominable service previously provided by the ortho department and Dr. Arnold. I am fine and my problem seems to be on the mend but is lucky I didn't really NEED care because it was non-existant.  This experience has me wondering about Mayo and how they can be so good at times and then be so absolutely horrible others. Be aware that the reputation may be better than the reality of the care you receive.
1	The worst customer service ever - can't tell you how disappointed I was with the "patient advisor" that is suppose to help you when the system fails - and believe me The Mayo Clinic is a system that will fail you ..... my warning would be to anyone that goes in for a routine annual physical - you would expect your insurance company will pay - IF you expect your doctor / hospital (Mayo Clinic) will be honest and upfront - my 30 second conversation to my new Doctor at the Mayo cost me $480 for "An extensive health history exam" ...... nine months later ..... 12 phone calls later ..... four letters later ...... They are calling you by MR or MRS and the compassion is long gone!
5	Regrettably, I have to admit I've been here more then a few times over the years -- as well as their facilities on Shea Boulevard and Thunderbird.All the Departments are excellent, as are the surgeons.  You may not be in Rochester, MN but these folks are the best!My best advice is to stay healthy!  But, if you must be sick, find yourself in need of an operation, wake up one morning with the knowledge that you have Radiation treatment in your future, or Chemo; then there is no better place to seek help!BTW, Patrick in Spiritual Care is very good and, life doesn't suck!Peace!
5	Yes the bill was $120K. Yes the place is very well designed. Yes they play classical music in the main lobby (played by an actual pianist). Most of all yes they took fantastic care of my mother in her time of need.I flew to Phoenix to help my father because my mother suffered a major stroke. Luckily she was just down the road from Mayo and received the care she needed. Not only did she live, but they also found other problems that may have played a role in the stroke. Overall I am very thankful to them for their care and ensuring that my mother had her needs met while admitted as a patient.Pros:1.  Plenty of parking for people to visit. Easy to find off the main highway (you want to take the 56th Street exit). Parking is free. Just don't park in labeled spots, you will get booted. 2.  Top notch facility that bases their medical care upon current research. It's not just let's try this and that and see what happens, rather carefully planned treatment. Their neurosurgeon suggested a surgery for my mother (hemicraniectomy) as an option if her brain kept swelling but explained what it truly would do for her. She knew we had a right to know but definitely didn't seem to support the procedure. We decided against it because my mother was lucid during the conversation and was also against it. The surgeon also showed us the CT of my mother's brain and explained everything in simple terms for my father to understand what was happening. In general, I considered this the most important part of dealing with a crisis situation.3.  Never thought I would say this but their lunch room is top notch. Great selection of food, labeled with nutritional information, and definitely tasty. Also, not break the bank prices. If I lived/worked in the area I would stop by here just for the lunch, that's how good it was to me. A very nice room to sit in with plenty of large windows and an outside eating area.4.  Caring staff that was attentive to our needs. When I needed to talk to the social worker about the next steps they were very informative and friendly to us. They knew where to send my mother and made sure her belongings got there.5.  They sent an itemized bill to my father so he would know the breakdown of everything done for my mother. For those of you that don't think insurance is important, a $120K bill will change your outlook.Cons:1.  None, I definitely approve of this place. Your health plan might be the issue for long-term care but I would definitely want to go here for my immediate and long term care.
4	I don't want to get into the habit of writing reviews for hospitals.  However, this past year I had to visit this one because I got really sick and there were no other options at 8 pm.  The staff here is really friendly and knows what they're doing.  They discovered that I had early stage pneumonia and administered a shot of antibiotics immediately.  Luckily, I didn't have to get hospitalized.  They sent me on my way with prescriptions and the comfort of knowing that I would be ok soon.I hope I never return, but if I need a hospital, this is at the top of the list.Return Factor - Hoping for 0%
1	What a disaster at the Mayo Clinic ER. I went there at the recommendation of my PCP. I was treated, actually mistreated, by ER physician Rick Arnold, MD. In my opinion he is incompetent. When I questioned him he became arrogant and had security sent to my room. I guess some doctors feel they are above explaining their treatment plan.Beware of the Mayo Clinic ER. He actually gave me medications to take that the pharmacist said were dangerous to take together. This is, in my opinion, a dangerous place especially if you have to deal with the incompetent "Dr." Rick Arnold.This, as it turns out, is the same "doctor" who treated my father when he was transported to the ER with heart attack symptoms at the request of his PCP.  Arnold sent him home without a cardio consult and as it turns out he had two blockages in his heart in excess of 80% and was admitted days later by the cardiologist for surgery.  I went to St. Joseph's Medical Center the next day and was treated with the dignity and respect that "Dr." Arnold proved incapable of providing.
5	If you have to go to the hospital? This is the place to go. awesome staff, super clean.
1	Incompetent.  Plain and smile just incompetent.  Came in the door and was double charged for a inpatient copay because the registrar did not know how to use their computer system. Through bank account into negative...still trying to get it fixed.  They issued a receipt stating it was fixed and it was not.  The alleged receipt had a wrong account number on it and the number they gave us to call is non working.  Their alleged epilepsy monitoring unit is a joke.  They are not equipped to handle someone with difficult seizures.  The unit is barbaric and dehumanizing and they do not care.  If you express concerns you are met at the door by security and told you cannot enter...this is the way to build bridges with customers.  NOT!!  Also know that you will be take care of by residents...wanna be doctors who think a lot of themselves and nothing of their patients.
5	Recently had to go to the er at mayo and have emergency surgery. The staff was outstanding!! I felt like I was jn great hands, all of the dr's and nurses r very compassionate and all have great beside manners. Will never go to another hospital
5	The entire faculty is amazing. I jokingly call it my Bed & Breakfast. Icu staff rocks. 4th floor staff kicks butt too. First place were I received hugs from the nurses as I was being discharged.
1	Mayo advised my mother who has ovarian cancer, that they had a clinical trial that she qualified for. Mayo asked her to come see them. So my mother flew to Arizona, all to find out that NO they had nothing available (this could have been told to her over the phone). A less than 30 minute consult from the dr and my mom walked out the door with a $1000 bill from the mayo doctor. To top it off she was billed a separate charge for a radiologist to re-read already read scans. Yes, the scans were already read by another radiologist in her state and were summarize by them. So no they didn't need to be read again. There was a $400 charge for this. All of these charges, her airfare and room and board too COULD have been avoided if they didn't tell her that they had an available clinical trial for her. Based on my mothers experience I would advise others to not look at Mayo as a good place to take their family members to, nor themselves. They wasted my mothers precious time and left a dying person with unnecessary bills. "Mayo you should be ashamed of yourselves!"
5	I've been seeing the same internist at Mayo Woman's Health for 14 years. She diagnosed me with diabetes on my first visit and she's kept me healthy for all these years. Each annual exam is at least 45 minutes to an hour with her going over all of my tests and answering all of my questions. You don't find that type of care and concern anywhere else. Recently I experienced a severe bout of vertigo and had to go to the Mayo Hospital ER. My Dr.'s nurse (who is excellent as well) called them to say I was coming in. They got me in right away and checked to see if I was having or had a stroke. I was able to stay until medication helped my nausea and they ruled out anything more serious than labyrinthitis. The ER doc was very attentive, I felt cared for and well treated. I had a follow up with ENT within a week that was very thorough and included a complete audiology appointment with full hearing test. These are the most competent doctors, PA's and nurses in the Phoenix area, and I've lived here all my life so I feel comfortable saying that. Mayo Clinic means a lot to me and my family.
5	Nothing but good things to say about this hospital. I was lucky enough to be matched to a patient and donate marrow through Be the Match last year so I came here for a physical, injections, and my donation. Staff was great, cafeteria food is amazing, and they even had a little chapel with prayer rugs. All of my appointments went smoothly and they were all on time.
5	It really is the little things that make an experience special. The team if attendants who wheeled out my MIL to our car were so super nice and one even helped her put on her seat belt. It made my heart melt that they were so thoughtful!
3	Whoever said this was a quick process lied to you and me. Been here for 2 hours and there's still no end in sight. Great area, comfortable waiting area, but this is turning into an all day event. Nice staff but I sorta question the organization.
5	Nothing but amazing things to say about my visit. Beautiful facility, super clean and wonderful staff. My Drs were even ahead of schedule. Such a difference than Chandler Regional ER. So glad I found this hospital. You will be in great hands here. !!!!!!
5	If I ever need to go to the ER (and I hope I never do) please take me here.  Every time I'm here to visit a friend or family member I am continually impressed by the amazingly kind and professional staff.It's clean, organized and filled with the most talented physicians in town.The cafeteria is even pretty darn good considering it is literally hospital food.  Not a high priority in the list of hospital services to care about but as a guest it's nice not having to drive to some fast food joint down the street.
1	My opinion of the mayo clinic has changed after nearly 2 yrs of experiences with the clinic. First of all the instructions that I was given for a lab prep were wrong. When I asked why, the nurse told me that they tried but couldn't get it changed to the correct instructions.                                                                                                                                         I agreed to take part in a study and was told that no extra blood wood be taken for the study but they would use what was already drawn. The lab technician  took I believe, 5 vials of blood for what was suppose to be just enough for a psa test. I asked everyone that I came in contact with why did they take so much blood but never got an answer. There never is anyone to talk to about questions or problems.They schedule so that if you have an early morning appointment you will not be finished until noon. Multiple times I have been scheduled for 2 lab appointments that take 5 minutes each but are scheduled for 1 hour each. Then you are schedule for the doctor appointment 1 hour after the last lab. On one occasion I waited 2 hours to see my doctor after the last lab appointment before I left without seeing him. There is no one to complain to nor are there any critique forms to voice your opinion. They don't want to here your complaints. My internist from another facility was over billed by the mayo clinic and it took him 9 months to get it corrected. The most frustrating part is that there isn't anyone to talk to. I've left a message for the office manager but did not get a return call from her. They don't want to hear from you, just give them your insurance card, then sit down and wait.
