5	I am one lucky Yelper. First it was Sol Train on Monday now a Spa Night. This was a fantastic event and the greatest opportunity yet to mingle with my fellow Yelpers. Usually I park myself in front of food and booze and whoever is near me is my crowd.This event was great because we all got to sit around, nibble, chit chat and of course sip some bubbly while waiting to be called for an express offering of some of Mood Swings' services which included chair massages, hand facials (to experience the product on your hands), manicures and make up sessions. I really got in touch with my inner metro and participated in all but the latter.The salon is great because they have a spa on the ground floor and the actual salon on the second floor which is in one of Tempe's oldest buildings. All of the technicians were super friendly, they have local art on the walls (remaining from Friday Art Walk) and most importantly they play GREAT music.I am definitely coming back here to get a hair cut so thanks to Lindsey and the folks at Mood Swings for a great event. I really hope we have more events that are so interactive. Don't get me wrong, I love me my food and my booze even more but it was great to really meet and interact with so many cool Yelpers!
4	Another Yelp event without a/c? Ugh! Other than that, it was an awesome night and I had a ton of fun. Fantastic chair massage and manicure! And I really enjoyed sampling the wonderful Aveda products. It was lovely to have a such a low key and intimate event in the middle of the week. Thanks to Lindsey and the folks at Mood Swings for such a great event!
5	Thank you Yelp for providing me the opportunity to learn about a wonderful local business! The General Manager, Brandon, told me all about how Mood Swings Salon is dedicated to giving back to the community as much as possible. They donate their time, money, services and wall space to local artists and the community at large. I never would have known!We were able to get make-overs, massages with Aveda Chakra aromatherapy, sample facial products and get our nails done! So much generosity! AND we left with a goodie bag with samples and coupons for services. While we were there, the salon was fully operational and I was observing the stylists while they worked. They all have a unique style with clothes and tattoos and when their clients were having their hair washed, they received massages and warm towels on their face. Such service!I can't wait to go back and try out this salon. Thank you Lindsey for introducing me to Mood Swings! And sorry for exploding that bottle of champagne everywhere!!!
5	It was so much fun getting to know other fellow yelpers at a very fun event last night.  Thank you Andrea S for getting the party started by opening up the first bottle of bubbly!I am a little challenged when it comes to the make up department so it was really nice to have a pro show me how to create the smoky eye.  The massage was really nice too!  We got to sample some of their products as well during the hand facial.  The best part was the goody bag.  Thank you guys so much and thank you Lindsey for putting this all together.
5	At my second Yelp event ever, I took full advantage of networking with fellow yelpers at the Q&A session (in person meeting) which left a lasting impression. Meeting likeminded individuals seeking world class service anywhere and everywhere leaves one wondering while holding Businesses and Products accountable to excellent service at all times. I am extra precise on whom and where I'd like to spend my time and money particularly in today's economy when times are tough. Yelp at Aveda was nothing less than a successful event starting off with Lindsay; she was a great host!   While mingling with fellow yelpers, we were treated to h'orderves  and champagne - talk about a fountain of knowledge! This was an elite event (I yet have been able to earn the honor), but I am working diligently to do so! So watch out - I am determined to join your inner circle of trust (hopefully it's as good as the circle of trust in Meet The Parents).But back to Aveda - the building itself has character its down town Mill Ave; historical in nature,  and once you walk in, it's like a breath of fresh air -trendy, hipster meets oasis loft ready to pamper your every whim! Services were marvelous and the goodie bags on the way out were just icing on the cake. I have posted pictures of what the gift bags included! Yes, be very jealous!
5	Thanks to Lindsey for another great Yelp event. And thanks to Mood Swings for having us Yelpers. It was a fun night filled with champagne, appetizers and mini spa services. The chair massage was great! They were even so nice as to let me get the mini manicure. I wasn't sure if I would be able to since I had shellac nail polish on my hands and I know it is a pain to remove...but they said no problem and just had me soak my nails for 10 minutes. Thank you! I look forward to coming back for a mani/pedi or a massage!
5	I did it! After 25 long, tense years...I got my first ever massage! And it was fantastic!! I'm going to be one of those people who leaves work early to get massages now.  A very big thanks to Rachel, the new masseuse at Mood Swings, who was gentle with me during my first time. Without Yelp's fantastic spa night - I would have never experienced such magical bliss! I also have to mention how attentive and friendly Mood Swing's general manager is! A big thanks to him as well!  I had a lovely time meeting other Yelpers in this intimate setting and getting know them as more than a thumbnail pic and a name! There were manicures, facials, aromatherapy, makeup lessons, there were also appetizers and champagne and goodie bags for everyone! I am already a huge Aveda fan, but have never used their makeup so it was nice getting familiar with that and being able to take home  a full size lip gloss!
5	Last week, I was one of the lucky few got invited to Yelp's Spa Night.  Thanks to Lindsey for inviting me!   Unfortunately, the a/c wasn't working but everyone was in their happy mood.  I had a great time chatting with other Yelpers.  Brandon, GM of Mood Swings and his team really treated us very very well!   Snacks, chair massage, hand massage, manicure, make-up lesson, and the goodie bag with Aveda products.  Oh yea, there was bubbly too!  Thank you so much for a wonderful night of relaxation!
5	What a fun way to spend my Hump day! Thanks to Mood Swings for giving us a little taste of the salon and hosting all of us crazy yelpers. I really enjoyed learning about the product and am looking to going back in a couple weeks for a facial.  Oh, and best goodie bag of the year, Free Aveda products? Yes, Please!
5	This was one of my fave Yelp events so far!I enjoyed getting to know a few more lady Yelpers while sampling some of Mood Swings great services.Much thanks to Cecilia for my mani and advice about what base coat to use for a DIY mani!An even bigger thanks to Lindsey and Brandon for putting this together. So much fun!
5	I have always wanted to try Mood Swings and thanks to Yelp I did!  I didn't know they provided so many services and the prices are so reasonable.  I loved the mini salon services that were provided.  I can't wait to book an appointment for a facial!  Thanks for the amazing goodie bag!!!
