4	I was very happy to have this Target open about two years ago as an excellent alternative to Wal-Mart and their crowds of parents dragging their screaming children all about the store.This is a SuperTarget, which means that it has very large grocery, produce and frozen sections, just like a regular supermarket, plus all the usual Target general merchandise. It's all quality stuff and I particularly like the "Archer Farms" line of their own. Target seems to average more expensive than Wal-Mart for food items but at the same time, they are cheaper than the Teeter across the street.They have a snack bar which has pizza and popcorn and other quick-bite foods as well as a Starbucks. The bathrooms are always clean and the parking lot is pretty well clear of litter and carts. And speaking of carts, it's very rare that I get a broken cart here. They must pull them out of circulation because they never seem to have a flat or stuck wheel.One thing that I like that Target does and Wal-Mart doesn't is their internal radios for communicating. The overhead system is used for is the occasional customer... err... guest...  page. The employees call each other on the radios.The biggest thing I don't like about Target (that costs them that fifth star) is their hours. Closing at 10:00 on a weeknight and 9:00 on Sunday means that I have to go up to Wal-Mart. Ugh.
4	Very nice and very clean! The store is huge, I was pleased with the variety and overall it was a great shopping experience! I will be back!
4	I went to this Target Supercenter, of course only needing three items (a magazine, avocado and a car air freshener) and walked out with a few more. Since they have produce, I grabbed some apples and bath poof things. While strolling through the fresh baked goods area, I noticed that they baked Einstein Bros Bagels in the store and sold them! I got one and made a sandwich with it for lunch today. Yum! They also carry Panera brand salad dressing which I thought was cool. So, go check it out and see what you can find :)
4	Out in the Steele Creek area for a one year old birthday party & we needed to pick up a gift...enter my favorite store, Target!As others mentioned, it's a Super Target, which is a major plus for the area. The layout of the store is nice, you obviously have the grocery side separate from the "general goods" side.The store was clean and bright, & employees were professional & friendly.The parking lot is a good size & it was clean, as well.
5	Okay - I have been in alot of Targets and Walmarts.  This store is absolutly the best.  The employees actually seem to enjoy being at work and smile and joke around.  You rarley have to wait in line for a register and the store is CLEAN.  Not sure about prices, I dont think they are that much higher than Walmart.
4	Tip: Get Starbucks when you're here. It's cheaper!!!!I really like this Target. It's close to my house, very clean and organized. It's a super Target meaning they have a grocery store inside. Their staffs are very helpful. And everything is easy to find. My one complaint is I wish they have a bigger produces selection. But then again, Harris Teeter and Bi-Lo are nearby. So it's no biggie.
5	I love this target. It's definitely out of my way, but if I'm in the area I always stop in.Everything is really organized, the shelves are full,  I always find new things that either don't go to the midtown one, or get buried beneath thrown together racks of clothing or end up on some mismatched display. I feel like I can actually shop, not scrounge around like I'm at a thrift store. (Not that I don't spend most of my $$ at midtown, but this target makes life so much easier.)And yes, it's a super target, so you can get your groceries too!
4	I love the organization in this store... It's not hard to find anything and the clearance racks are fabulous!  Everything is where it's supposed to be and that can be incredibly hard when you're dealing with a place where people are constantly picking up and putting down things... The cashiers are always smiling and helpful... I absolutely adore the deli employees... They are knowledgeable about their products and that is priceless... I hate it when you ask a person something about what they're selling and they have no idea... lol  This layout is a little different than the regular Target stores, so I'm always getting turned around... lol  Everyone is more than willing to help direct me to where I need to go... Honestly, I don't mind wandering around in there, though... It's a pretty fun place to get lost for a bit...
5	As far as Targets go...this is about as good as it gets.Nice big, clean store in a great area. Friendly staff. Always stocked. Not much else you could ask for.
5	You will be happy!  Clean and nice staff. They actually smile and want to help. Prices are okay but much better with Redcard discount and cartwheel savings.  Almost always have the items I come to shop for and I always find more.
4	I use to shop on this store regularly when I live only 1/2 mile away,  but lately, been transformed into a Walmartian...  This is a great big box store.  Very well organized and esthetically pleasing to the eyes.  Management obviously has high regard for cleanliness and excellent customer service, as I have never had a complaint in all the years of shopping here...
4	The store is clean and well organized, the employees are friendly. Parking is decent. However, they never seem to have enough checkout lanes open, so you might be waiting a bit.
5	I've been coming to this target for a few years now - before I was Yelping, even - and it has remained consistently good despite solid grocery competition nearby from a really good Harris Teeter. The produce department is excellent, the meats are great, the place is always bright and clean, it's very rare that stuff is out of stock and the carts are always perfect. What's not to love? Why shop anywhere else?I have had some issues with the Pharmacy, so for that we go to Teeter.
5	The Best Super Target! This Target has everything from groceries to clothes to household items. What more can you ask for? I had the opportunity to visit this location while I was in Charlotte this past Labor day weekend and I was definitely impressed. This store was well organized and very clean, you're not going to find that in many other cities (mine included). The cashiers were very friendly and helpful so much so that I applied for the Target Red debit card and I can't wait to use it.I look forward to shopping here again on the near future!
