5	Family owned an operated, in business for over a dozen years, honest estimates and fair pricing.Even though they came highly recommended, I was expecting the worst when I first visited (always assuming the mechanic is out to get me), and boy was I wrong - these guys are automotive professionals and dedicated to customer service.Took a couple days to get the part I required, but that seems to be the norm anywhere but the dealer.
5	I'll preface by saying whether you're going to Meineke or to your ridiculously overpriced local dealer I believe most mechanic managers/owners are the scum of the earth. It's amazing what will happen if you go to a few different places to get an estimate to fix your car and what they'll say needs fixed and the ranges in cost involved.I was referred by a work friend and I don't trust my vehicle with anyone else. The service is good, prices are reasonable, and they are quick in getting the job done and done right.
5	This is a few weeks old, but still, this garage is definitely going to be my first choice the next time my car gives out.I drive an old car. Not so old it's vintage, but just old enough that it's falling apart. It's a 95 Neon (automatic, else it'd be pretty nifty to drive), with ~110k miles on it. It has its quirks, as all old cars do. However, when I started noticing that it had acquired the tendency to not start immediately, creating a few moments of heart palpitating panic each time I tried, I decided it was time to take it in.My guess was the starter was bad. I'm no mechanic, but it would make a whirring noise, and if I stopped, and tried again, it would almost always catch (albeit whirring a bit more each time). A relative I described the problem to also guessed the starter was bad. So I went in expecting the starter to be bad.I called on a Friday afternoon, and asked if I could bring my car in the next morning. I didn't expect them to say yes, but I figured I'd give it a shot. They said yes, bring it in, they'd take a look at it. Bonus points right there.I brought it in first thing in the morning. They had it in and were examining it within 30 minutes. I chatted with Mike a bit while I waited, as I was the only customer actually waiting (there were other cars to be worked on, and one or two people had come by to drop off their cars, but I was the only one actually in the office). When he confirmed that it was indeed the starter, I felt a pang of relief, as it sounded like I was being given a fair deal. He said it might be an hour or two, so I went ahead and walked over to the McDonald's on Thomas and Scottsdale (it's like two blocks away, very convenient. There's also a Starbucks on the same corner for those who want coffee from a snootier place; me, I was happy with it from McD's along with an egg mcmuffin). When I got back, it was hardly any time before they had my car to me. Total cost: ~$300, $108 for the work, $170 for the part (plus tax bringing it close to $300). A google search later found replacement starters for my car ran anywhere between $120 (not including shipping) to $250, so the price quoted on the part was reasonable, and as I was out of there after just two hours or so, despite their squeezing me in the day prior, I was quite pleased with the cost of labor.I have to agree with the other reviewers, this place treated me well, and I'll be going back the next time my poor little Neon needs something replaced.
5	Polite, efficient and honest?  Could you ask for more from your mechanic?  I think not.  The only place I trust.
5	i've used mike's for years. he's a sweet guy and is always honest. i never feel like i'm going to be lied to when i go here, and i appreciate the timely manner in which repairs are done. have you ever gone to a mechanic who constantly nags you about your "serpentine belt"? that's a load of crap. it's like visiting a doctor who suggests pointless treatments because "you're going to die someday"...yeah, we all die from something some day, and yeah, the belt is going to break eventually, but usually not any time soon. in other words, mike's doesn't stoop to such low levels. they fix what needs to be fixed when it needs to be fixed.
5	I thought I had something horribly wrong with my cooling system and was in dire straights when I looked up mechanica on Yelp. I found Mike Vinson  auto. After reading the reviews, I was set.They were able to take a look at the car right away since if the problem was major, I would be stuck for a 40+ mile ride home. While I went and grabbed a bite to eat, they looked at the car and found something so minor that I am embarrassed to admit that it never occurred to me. A new radiator cap, the price of a pressure test and I was on my way.Quick, efficient and honest. If I have car trouble again, this is where I'm going.
3	Made an appointment here because it's one of the few mechanics that are open on the weekends with great reviews. I needed my car looked at ASAP because the check engine light was on for quite some time and Autozone said that I needed to take it into a mechanic. While making the appointment, my dad was told that I could drop the car off anytime before noon on Saturday and that they would look at it on Monday.On Saturday, I arrived right before 11:30AM and the doors were locked. The gate to the back where the cars are were opened so I went back there to see if I could find anyone. The 1 person working there said that he was the only one there that day and that they closed at noon. I kindly told him that it was only 11:30AM and that I was told that I could bring in my car then because I had an appointment to have it looked at on Monday. He took my info down and off I went.On Monday my dad called around 1PM because we hadn't heard anything and was then told that my car would be looked at right after lunch. At 5:30PM we still had not heard anything so we called again to see what was up. We were told that the mechanic had looked at it but would have to call us tomorrow to let us know what was wrong... um okay. Tuesday rolls around and they informed us that they were going to take my car out for a drive to see if they could figure out what was wrong. After figuring out what needed replacing, they were able to get it fixed and ready to be picked up before EOD. I'm glad that they figured out what was wrong and was able to fix it quickly, so props to that. Overall, we weren't too happy with the lack of customer service and communication in the beginning. I had to pay for 2 extra days for a car rental too because of this. Moral of the story: next time I'll figure out a way to take my car to my usual mechanic.
1	Do not go to Mike Vinson Automotive! Especilly if you are a woman. Horrible! I agree with "Mark". He had to give it at least 1 star but would have chosen a zero if he could. That's exactly what my experience with them was; a ZERO. Choice Auto in Tempe has been AMAZING! It's a little futher but trust me it's worth it!http://www.choice-autorepair.com  480-968-0700
5	These guys are just great. I have been to them on two separate occasions now, and both times I have been thoroughly impressed with their friendliness and honesty. The first time, I had an oil leak. Turns out the oil filter was just loose and needed tightening. I imagine a less honest shop could have told me I had some faulty equipment and charged me a boatload for an unneeded repair. Not these guys. I recently had my AC compressor fail. I wanted to avoid paying the dealer costs for parts and labor, however the dealer was the only place with a new compressor in stock. John Haas worked diligently with me over the course of two days to make sure I was getting all the right parts from the dealer. When all was said and done, they had the AC fixed quickly and at a reasonable price. John also took the time to show me the faulty parts after the repair was finished so that I could understand what went wrong and why the repairs were necessary. I will definitely return for any future repairs and I would recommend others to do the same.
5	They saved me! They were able to fit me for a battery test/replacement at the end of the day after my car battery started playing with my emotions. The shop manager was more than accomodating, nice, and professional, exemplifying what customer service means. Plus it cost me less if I would have had to call my roadside assistance company. Happy to say I have a new mechanic in south sd when in the area.
5	You will not find a more honest, friendly, easy to work with auto mechanic shop.  These guys are great!  We take all of our cars here, for regular service and for issues, and they always provide complete information and never try to sell you something you don't need.  I estimate they have saved me over $2K versus the dealership for the same services.  You won't go wrong using these folks!
3	I'm all about supporting "small businesses" and family-owned business so I have been bringing my car(s) here for the last 4 years or so. The first jobs were on a '98 Nissan Altima, some bigger jobs that were quite expensive and recently on a Mitsubishi. Upon my last visit, the price quotes seemed very high(as usual) so I shopped around. Turns out I was right and I saved $35 taking my car to Midas. Not a huge difference but enough to convince me that Mike Vinson's has become overpriced. Super nice guy and pretty nice staff, but I probably won't go back
4	It may not be big. But the service IS! I've been to many fancy car washes where they wear uniforms and have dozens of guys swarming around your car but they won't make it look as good as this little business will. And George, the owner, just might give you one of his taco's! I got an incredible deal for 59.00 My car looks and smells like new. Thanks guys.
