1	Pros:  It's in my neighborhood, food is good (not great) because it's inconsistent.Cons:  It's too pricey for what you get.  The owner is not customer friendly.  I wanted the chicken scharma with rice but I asked to substitute the pickled peppers and carrots with a scoop of the tabuli salad, he said no.  I offered to pay one dollar more for the scoop, he still said no. I don't get this.  It was such a small amount I can't understand his decision.  He wanted me to pay 3.99 for a small side order.This behavior doesn't make me feel valued as a customer, especially since it doesn't make a lot of sense, from a business perspective or human perspective.i won't go back!
3	Food is pretty good, but service is terrible.
1	I was really happy when this place opened because it was another close Mediterranean restaurant to try. However, I went in and ordered a beef sharwma plate and a chicken sharwma plate and asked for the rice to be substituted for a salad. He said that's not a problem, it will only be $1 more. I end up getting my receipt and it's actually $5 more. I received my food and when I got home I realized there is no pita bread and the portions are small for a plate. For a new restaurant with 4 customers in the restaurant this place should easily be able to make the orders correctly. I will keeping going to Stefanos down the street from now on.
4	After realizing I had not supported my neighborhood restaurants in a while and being hungry for mediterranean food, I popped in to Yalla's.  It was after lunch and the restaurant was very quiet.I was looking up at the menu on the wall, when a very nice young man pointed out the menu was also on the counter.  No neck strain necessary.  Plus, I can see better.  So, I ordered the vegetable skewer plate for $8.50.  Initially I thought it was a little pricey until I got home and opened it.The food is stored in a styrofoam container with a large area in front and two smaller areas the back.  The large front area was filled generously with very tasty rice.  I loved the seasoning, it was delicate and smelled beautiful.  Two large vegetable skewers were placed on top, filled from end to end with a variety of grilled veggies like tomato, red pepper, mushroom, red onion.  The were cooked perfectly with just a hint of a bite.There was definitely enough for two to share.  I'll be back!
4	I stopped by at 12:30pm to order Hummus, pita & lentil soup to go. The restaurant is very clean. I thought the service was great! They were not very busy, I didn't have to wait more than ten minutes and they apologized for the wait! I didn't mind at all.The food: best hummus ever. It was very creamy and fresh. Pita bread was just ok, i thought it seemed a little chewy and day old. Lentil soup was amazing!!!! I'm in love with that soup.
4	Great food, not Greek, but Lebanese. The menu isn't too big but everything is made fresh to order. Staff very helpful and out-going.
4	This is my first time here just happened to notice it as I was driving. I got the chicken Scharma and a side of falafel.  The guy who took my order was very polite, the food was made pretty quick and my order was correct.  Not too busy but a slow but steady amount of people coming in. I did see the owner who was not as polite as his staff, he didnt even smile or say anything to a single customer. The food was pretty good, ive had better but ive also had alot worse. Good portion sizes so either they re vamped the sizes after the previous posts or the other place gives ridiculous portions. I would come back again based on my experiance.
2	I was so excited when I found out Yalla was opening near my house- we were in need of a good Med Cuisine place there, and also, it is owned by Khoury's- my FAVORITE place to eat.  We ordered a few things, the roasted chicken sandwich, Fatoush salad with Chicken, and the beef kabobs. The rice was out of this world! It has a little crispy thin noodles and a light oil.  The hummus was great and the Fatoush was so tasty.  My husband had no complaints about the sandwich..but we did have a couple downsides.  The order was billed incorrectly.  And the cashier was very apologetic, but ended up billing me more, so that he didn't have to call his manager to fix it.  I felt that he should have just billed me the price he told me over the phone and comped his mistake.  Also, their Pita bread was not as good as i had hoped, tasted kind of old.  I'll be back though.UPDATE: I did come back, only to wait in line behind another customer for 10 minutes (at a counter btw) without so much as a "hello", or "sorry" from the cashier. The wait was so long becuase this woman could not get her order together and we were ignored so we just left. AWFUL SERVICE. Cashier should have acknowledged us, or offered to start our order while the customer ran out to her car, but no. Nothing. AWFUL! We went to Osaka across the street.
5	Yalla grill is absolutely delicious! I decided to to come try Yalla because I knew the owners where the same as Khoury's, and it was a great experience. I popped in after work to get a quick bite and it was fast and easy. The food was the same fresh quality I had come to expect from Khoury's. The rotisserie chicken was best chicken I've ever had! It is cooked to a perfectly golden crisp, and the garlic paste is to die for. I will definitely be eating at Yalla all the time!
1	I am a Vegetarian. I have been one for over 15 years, so i generally know the cost of the foods i eat. With that being said, this place is nothing but a scam! I paid $9.50 for a dish of 5 fallafel balls, a few slices of old chewy un-seasoned tomatoes, a few slices of old cucumbers, some brown lettuce(used as garnish) and some straight out of the jar pepperoncini( 2 of them)......i also got a cup of the lentil soup...which was $3.99 and may as well have been served in one of those cups that you keep by your bathroom sink! it was so small! My boyfriend got a shawarma sandwich, which was only $5.99!......the sandwich was pretty big loaded with meat,, and veggies,  and filled him up nicely, but how is it that my meal which consisted of nothing but veggies was more than the meat??? Considering the cost of one tomato is less then .50? and all i got was a few slices of old chewy tomato?I am a small business owner so i understand mark-up but come on!!  I am middle eastern by descent so i have to say that the soup and falaffel were very good...but despite that i will not be coming back here due to the absurd prices....i even noticed that to add fries to a sandwich was an additional $2.99! That seems insane to me! They also have a "veggie skewer dish" for over $9 which consists of 2 skewers that have one piece of broccoli, a few pieces of tomato, some onion slices and some red bell pepper slices...served over rice, thats it!!
4	Very clean inside... fast service. I tried the Yalla Salad w/ chicken shawarma. Very tasty the dressing was light and citrusy and the chicken was moist and not dry & over cooked. Try it for sure. The hummus was also very tasty. The pita bread was very fresh and not "fresh out of the bag"!
4	Food tastes very good kinda pricey. As with any place that makes fresh food You have to wait for the food to be served.. Good selection of Middle-Eastern food. Not as good as Glendale CA but a good choice for the Vegas area.
1	I ordered a gyro and it was chopped up instead of sliced and grilled so long it tasted like a well done burrito. I guess I should have ordered the shawarma. It was terrible.
5	Had lunch here. It was wonderful. I would highly recommend it.
5	Love the food it's great authentic  Lebanese cuisine!found out its related to the sister restaurant Khourys Mediterranean, my mother had the chicken shawarma sandwich and I had the chicken kabob plate and it was great!!It was cooked perfect and the chicken was juicy not dry like other restaurants I've been to.Every time we're in the area, This place is my lunch place. Can't wait!!Big Like.
3	I had high hopes for this place.  I kind of grew up on Lebanese food.  First of all, the guy at the counter was great.  Nice and friendly.  Seemed eager to help.  Let's get to the food.  The hummus was pretty good.  Hummus is hard to make too poorly.  This one has a LOT of lemon in it.  I could have used some cumin or more cumin.  Perhaps a little cayenne and black pepper too, but like I said it was fine.  The beef shawarma was pretty damn good.  I'll go back for that alone.  The pita was soft, the tahini sauce was just the right amount of pungent.  The meat was slightly stringy, but that's the cow, not the restaurant.  It was done properly.  Their tabouli was good.  Not great, but good and fresh.  Again, LOTS of lemon.  Not as much as the hummus, but a lot.  The pickled parsnips were disgusting.  Some folks may like them, but didn't suit me at all.  Same with the garlic spread.  Two ingredients: garlic and olive oil.  AND it's a paste.  If you like garlic, you'll LOVE that stuff!  My wife's chicken kabobs were a little disappointing.  Overcooked, too crispy.  The rice was ok.  A lot was just ok.  I'll go there again for the beef and would try the gyro stuff, but I wouldn't take guests from out of town.  Too many other places that are way better.  But this one is a few blocks from the house, so I'll go back now and then.  If they stay open.
5	I was hesitant to try out this place because of the not so good reviews and there's already a lot of other Mediterranean places in the area that have better reputation. But since it was the closest to my job, I decided to at least give it a shot. I wasn't impressed the first time I came here when I got the chicken shwarma. It was too salty for my taste buds. After that I thought I wouldn't come back but everyone deserves a second chance right? And I am so glad I did because after I tried their chicken kabobs, I was so hooked that I kept coming back for them at least once a week! The chicken is perfectly cooked with the most delicious seasoning and it also comes with onions, mushrooms, and bell peppers also tastely seasoned. I'm not a big hummus person but I actually like the texture and flavor of their hummus. I really like their rice too! So please give this place a chance and don't be put off with the reviews about bad service!
5	Wow, I can't believe anyone gave this place less than 4 stars, they must have been having a bad day! I love Mediterranean food, and have tried every place I could find over the past few years here in the valley. Some have been good and some have been ok, but this place really stands out because the food is exceptional!If you like schwarma, you are in for a real treat. The chicken is hot and moist, and seasoned perfectly. Don't forget the garlic sauce!
3	Being half Lebanese I grew up on this food and tend to be very picky.  Service was great and the girl working knew what she was talking about. My friend and I got our food to go and didn't not have to wait too long at all. We ordered grape leaves, kibee balls, gyro, and a chicken schwarma. Grape leaves were ok too salty and rice was under cooked. Kibee balls were ok as well very greasy and tasted very fried. I had the gyro and it was extremely salty I couldn't even finish it. My friend had the chicken and she said the same thing...too salty. The garlic dipping sauce was really fantastic though, my favorite part of the meal!
2	I really like this place! Food is delicious! Fresh and clean environment and you can see they take pride on there fare. My only complaint is reliability! I came here looking to by a whole chicken during peak dinner hour and they had none. I asked why and they said that were just not busy enough to make more than 2 chickens for dinner and 2 for lunch. The rotisserie is always empty and the place has very little business. It is a shame because the food rocks! I do go elsewhere when I am looking to buy chicken to take home for dinner. There is a great place down the street that is awesome as well. Reliability is a factor! I will stop into Yalla for lunch and order a Shawarma. I wish this place nothing but the best. Maybe they should market a little better. IMHO. That is the only reason I am giving them 3 stars! If they build there clientele and work on the loyalty and reliability Yalla is 5 stars in my book!
5	Fantastic!  I walk to Yalla once or twice a week for lunch and between the walk and the excellent healthy food on the menu, it's a win win situation.  I walked in the other day and it smelled like a bakery.  No wonder their pita bread is amazing! This place is something special.
1	Well I guess that's the end of yalla as we knew it! The place has new owners and went down hill quick. Went in today to an empty restaurant and was with my wife and daughter. I asked "Jacob" if he can substitute the hummus for something else for my daughter because she is allergic to sesame and he said he can give her a salad for a dollar more, I was like, really! I am one of your best and only customers and he rolled his eyes as he proceeded to charge me and get my whole order wrong. Never gave us our kefta and we had to wait for. that. Bad vibes thru out. Signs of despair. Food was ok but not a craving like before. I am sure it won't last.
5	If you love Mediterranean food you must try this place. Totally awesome. They have a wonderful home made green hot sauce too! Everything on the menu is fresh and delicious! The pita bread is not too thick so you don't get bloaty. They also offer a low carb option with lettuce wraps instead of pita bread.
4	Went there with my husband and his friend. I had their vegetarian plate. It was good. Love the fresh bread. The dolmas was differant from what I'm used to but it was delicious. Service was awesome. Will stop by again if I'm craving Mediterranean food and around the area.
1	Is there a rating lower than 1 star??? So I decided to stop in on a whim while driving by.  Big mistake.  I walked in and went to the counter to order - had to wait for someone to actually notice me there.  The young girl told me to grab a seat as I decided to eat in.  I grabbed that seat and ordered a glass of water which she brought promptly.  Without a doubt, based on the stale dirt taste, this was unfiltered tap water.  So I look at the menu and it takes me about 1 minute to decide on the gyro... 5 minutes go by.... 10 minutes go by...   17 minutes and FINALLY I catch the attention of the girl delivering food to the only other customer's in the place.  She comes over and asks if I've ordered and proceeds to take my order.... Thank goodness it didn't take as long to get my food because I was starting to shake from hunger.  Apparently I got someone else's french fries with my order - according to the other customer in the restaurant as she was very vocal about  telling me and the server that I had her fries.  Like it's my fault and I served them to myself? It just keeps getting better.... So I dig in to my gyro... It's cold.  Everything is cold.  The meat, the pita.... ? What the hell? Then another couple comes in and they are immediately offered a basket of bread while they wait... Ummm.. I could have used the bread while I was sitting there STARVING, waiting for my order to be taken.  I had to go up front and ask for ketchup for my fries - I got handed packets.. ummm ok. Packets in a 'restaurant'.  Then as I sit down tearing open my ketchup packets she brings the other customer a bottle.  Really? Anyhow.. so there I am eating... while I am doing so the girl comes to my table and reaches over my plate to take two of the three empty ketchup packets off my tray.  Why? Over my food? Only 2 of them?  By this point I am just thinking "don't come near me again" over and over in my head. Well, she did.  Not only did she drop the bill and tell me "no rush", another girl came by and started resetting the table while I was sitting there eating!!!  CAN IT WAIT?????!!!!! I'M STILL EATING HERE!!! By now I'm fuming and know that this was the worst lunch decision I've made... I walk up to pay the bill and provide an adequate tip for the level of service I was given... 1.00 (Lucky to be given even that much).  As I turn to walk away the girl at the front counter decides to make a noise like a cat growl and a comment about the tip.  She's lucky I continued to walk out instead of turn around and verbally lash out at her unprofessional/rude ass.  First and LAST time I will ever go there... and as far as recommendations... FORGET IT!
3	I have to say I did review the reviews of this place as I was waiting so I was biased but they did do a good job.I had lunch with my family here because I wanted falafel. I have to say that the falafel wasn't that good. It tasted too fine as if made from a powder. If that is not the case then I was a bit disappointed that they might have over ground the mix. It was good but not anything I'd return for. I did how ever like their fresh pita bread. It was perfect with my falafel platter which came with some pickled veggies.They serve hummus on the side which was a little runny for my taste.The fresh pita and hummus were a good combo but both were slightly bland. I wouldn't always necessarily say it was a bad thing but to have something not so salty but some flavor was missing.My niece had a kids meal which wasn't anything special. My aunt had a chicken wrap that was good.Overall I would return to try some other stuff. Service was good. The young gentlemen was polite and also brought out a pita bread refill. Prices were also good.
5	I had the Vegetarian plate: falafel, stuffed grape leaves, hummus, and some tahini dipping sauce and some peppers and lettuce. All the food was excellent, and the falafel and stuffed grape leaves were the best I've ever had.
4	Good fattoush and Greek salads. Fresh fries and yummy hummus. Did not like the chicken swarma sandwich- dressing didn't have any taste. Service was good but there really wasn't anyone in there. There is a groupon online if you want to check it out.
5	Been looking for an authentic spot in Vegas for Mediterranean food and I defiantly found it. Trying to find a place that cooks like your mom does is hard this place hit the spot!!! Worth checking out.!!
5	i love middle eastern and mediterranean cuisine.  i have been searching for an authentic place since moving here from Canada a few years ago...i was very excited to try the food i love at "yalla".   i found the restaurant to be very clean and comfortable with great service.  i was greeted and served right away with home made warm pitas and zatar to start our food journey ...we then ordered a variety of different items off the menu, everything was fresh, flavoured and spiced perfectly !!  we ended our meal with complementary baklava, yum !  we had a wonderful experience here at "yalla" and will definitely recommend your restaurant to our family and friends.thank you and see you very soon !
3	Food was pretty good not used to mint in my tzadziki fries were under cooked I wouldn't order this next time.
5	I have to say that I didn't expect this place to wow my taste buds....but it did and it's my fifth or sixth time in one month! The owner actually comes out to greet you and ask how everything is doing....he even made fresh mango juice for the patrons in the restaurant! this place is a definete must go to for Mediterranean food!
5	Delicious food. Maybe even an addiction. Have you had the Greek salad? That salad dressing is to die for. It has definitely changed over the months and in a great way! Seating is so much more comfortable and service at the table is quite nice. The pita bread is made in-house, as well as everything else!If you want delicious food, this is the place.
2	So 3 months later I decide to come back! I must say they did make some minor adjustments in in a positive way. 1. Service was very good and on time. 2. You can order from your table with a menu instead of at the counter plus chairs are very comfortable. 3. They now deliver within a 5 mile radius. $20 min order and $3 delivery charge. (With gas prices. I am ok with that.) 4. They bring bread and dipping oil directly to your table. So to sum this up, I feel they are moving in the right direction and trying to make it work. The only concerns I have is lack of business and worries me the shelf life on certain item may suffer which can hurt w quality. The place is dead during peak lunch. It would also be nice to see some healthy options that are thought out and an educated option, not just put salads on the menu thinking that is healthy.  The food was ok, lacked flavor but I would come back just not craving anymore like at the beginning. I believe the oil on the table is not 100% olive, it tasted like a 50/50 blend...not god Yalla! Don't be cheapos! I wish them well and hope they improve more. If I loved it I would be back fast but I may take another 3 mos. question Yalla!; why did you stop the hummus with the YELP checkin!! Don't be cheapos!!
5	Great food- baklava and pita that is made in-house.  My 11y/o son loved the gyro.  My kabobs were delicious. Our server,Miranda, was friendly and attentive.  We will definitely go back.
5	I just finished a delicious falafel plate ($8.50) and a side of veggie grape leaves ($2.00) and had a great experience. The Falafel was fresh, crispy, and flavorful. I loved the tahini sauce, it wa a wonderful flavor. The plate comes with hummus, cucumbers, tomatoes, and pickled turnips (!!!). The veggie grape leaves were also very good and are handmade in the restaurant. This was a great meal for a hungry vegan. The best part is that the pita is fresh and delicious. As soon as I sat down, the server, Audi, popped one in the oven and it was served hot with za'atar and olive oil. As I was sitting and eating, they were baking fresh pita and I could watch them pull the puffed up fresh pita from the oven. The service was quick and Audi was extremely nice and helpful. I was the only person there at 1:30 on a Tuesday so I am not sure if it is the same when it is packed. I will be back again to try the falafel wrap, it sounds awesome and is only $4.99. I would highly recommend this place.
5	Great food with great prices. Everything is made at the restaurant. The baba ghanoush is the best with fresh made pitas. Amazing!!!
5	Very delicious and flavorful food!! I ordered the chicken shawarma plate; the chicken had great flavoring and it wasn't dry. Our waiter was very attentive and our food came out fairly quick! This place is a hidden gem in the Henderson/Anthem area!
5	The first Mediterranean restaurant I've tried that bakes their own pita bread (in house)!!! That was a nice surprise. I was getting tired of store bought pita bread that I could go purchase myself if I wanted. Delicious warm, fresh pita bread is heaven. I had the falafel wrap consisting of fluffy yet crispy abundant falafels, a nice assortment of veggies, in a perfect pita bread pocket. Can't beat it for $4.99. Also had a beef shawarma plate which was enough to feed two hungry people. I would recommend the Fatoush salad as well. I'm not sure what the dressing was but 10/10. Audi, like the car!, had the utmost spectacular customer service. She was knowledgable with our questions and made our party feel very welcome during our entire stay. I will definitely be back, with a bigger crowd next time, so I can help them taste a little bit of goodness on a plate. In the mean time, dreaming of Yalla's falafels.
5	My husband and I were just driving by so we decided to stop in to grab a bite togo. We were greeted by the waitress/hostess Audi who was informative and helped us decide what to eat (Thank you the gyros were awesome) she also brought us pitas while we waited. Overall it was great and we will totally go back.
3	Yalla is taking steps in the right direction and making improvements. Fantastic fresh pita, good service, clean environment and tasty food. They seemed busy this time because of some kind of promo. My only gripe was, people were waiting to sit because all of the tables were still dirty. They were dirty when I walked in and continue throughout my duration. All in all...good Job! On a side note; the pita really makes this place special and unique. I hope hey continue to improve! I will give them my business now.
5	This place serves the absolute best, over the top hummus I've ever enjoyed!! I've consumed hummus from all over the globe while serving in the military, and must say, you feel "in country" while dining in this establishment!! From the chicken to the beef, Yalla is a winner in everything they prepare. If you go away hungry, its your own fault. The meals are plentiful, with every sauce and condiment imaginable. Enjoy!!!!!!!
5	I don't I now where to begin. The pita is amazing. Obviously made right there. The hummus is fresh and seasoned to perfection. The gyro meat... I've never had gyro meat as delicious and juicy as they had.I got the gyro shwarma and it was incredible. I'll be back for sure.
4	Stephanos used to be my go-to place for Greek and Mediterranean, but I think from now on I'll go here! The best and yummiest thing about this place: COMPLIMENTARY pita bread with za'atar and olive oil. Unlike other Greek places, the hot and fresh pita bread is made with love in the kitchen. I could solely eat this, and be 100% satisfied. But moving forth, I ordered the gyro shawarma (the beef and lamb mix) plate, and tasted the falafel. I realize that I can't eat too much red meat, or it'll upset my stomach, and the plate comes with a ton of meat. Thank goodness for the hummus and rice, because they both balance out the richness of the meat. Lastly, the falafel was delish. None of the spices were too overwhelming, and although fried, it felt light on the stomach. Next time I come here, I'm definitely going to order the falafel instead of meat. :)
5	I cannot give enough praise to Yalla!! I went there with a Groupon and it is now my new favorite place to eat. Between the homemade pitas coming right out of the oven and expertly, freshly cooked and healthy entrees, I had trouble deciding which was best. I tried the Chicken Shawarma Wrap, and Falafels and stuffed grape leaves and Baba Ghanoush   was exceptional ! Then Homemade Baklava to top it all off. Not to mention our lovely waitress, Audi, who so graciously brought us her fresh, homemade mango drink to sample! The warm, loving atmosphere added to our enjoyment, as well as the Ethnic music playing!! Can't wait to go back!!
5	Audi made us delicious baklava to go with our yummy gyro and Greek wrap.  WANDA Ockey
4	Had a great experience at this restaurant. Very delighted and highly recommend stoping in for the chicken kabob plate. The seasoning they use adds to the yummy taste of the meat. Rice and hummus was good came with pita bread. The decor was nice and comfy.
3	So I have drove by this place many times so when I saw a groupon for them I decided to give them a try. The place is a little small, and one guy told us to find a table while another lady told us to wait for tables to be cleaned off. After the guy told us a second time to find a table we found one it was poorly cleaned off, we ordered our drinks and food, the waiter brought out fresh pita bread and an herb olive oil. I ordered the filet Mignon kabobs, they were delicious I was not crazy about the rice or the hummas but the kabobs made up for it. The waiter was not attentative at all we never got refills on our drinks and he never checked back with us until time to bring the bill to us. The crazy part is they were not busy so I am not sure as to why we were not attended to. My husband ordered the gyro and a shrimp kabob he also enjoyed his meal he said he was not crazy about the rice either. I think the biggest dissappointment was just the service not sure if I will come back to this place again.
5	Went to dinner here tonight and It was a very pleasant experience. We purchased the group on for $11 and our meal was $21.30.  Food was delicious and service was very friendly. Our server checked on us in a timely manner and refilled our water and drinks. Very nice little restaurant and close to my house. Definitely will be returning here
1	My wife and I walked in for dinner tonight and we were not greeted by anyone. There was only one party in the whole restaurant besides us. We were finally told that we could sit anywhere so we found the least dirty of the tables closest to the exit. Upon looking around we noticed chairs pulled out. trash on floors.  And even crickets walking around in search for food.  A young guy came out carrying the other party's drinks holding them up to his stomach and shirt which was dirty with flour and food. While waking to their table he kicks a plastic condiment container across the floor at us. After giving them their drinks he comes to take our order. We quickly notice that he looked high on something looking away and unable to concentrate on our order.  After taking our order he walks right outside and never returned. Which we later found him passed out in a car in the parking lot. Another girl came to take our order and we told her that we already ordered.  She looked surprised so we went ahead and repeated our order to her.  We also noticed that she was also looking away slowly and blinking slowly as if she was drunk or dazed as well.  She also had a nasty nose ring in her nostril that was a gross distraction. While waiting for our Order I could see the girl making pita bread with gloves on that she touched many other things with. Little later she brings out our order but brought out a dish that we nor the party next to us ordered.  My wife and I were wanting to leave a while back but felt pressured to stay since we already purchased a groupon. we decided to wait it out But then the party next to us started to complain about the bread being stale and old and we just had enough and got up and walked out.  The party next to us said they didn't blame us.  Never again would we go there.  This is my first yelp because I felt strongly about warning others who are considering trying to eat here.
1	I have been here a number of times and last night was not its finest hour. the service and food was horrible, the staff was clearly on drugs, and there was trash and insects all over this establishment. I'm going to post a picture if the waiter who disappeared and we found him passed out in his car. The other waitress told us she got mouth surgery that day and that was the reason for her dazed behavior. I have been trying to get a hold of management all day, the following day, and they are saying that they don't know when they will be in. It's obvious that they are trying to keep on the wraps what went on last night.
5	My girlfriend and I just love this place.. Her falafel was delicious. I had the beef and chicken kabobs.. Everything was superb.. Thank you Audi for being such a wonderful server. We will definitely be back very soon!
5	I'm in love with this place, its got delicious food and excellent service. Its a family owned business there daughter was our server she is awesome, I ordered for chicken and it was delicious well cooked and excellent flavor. Pita bread is hot and delicious .. couldn't ask for more
5	I went to Yalla because of a Groupon I bought. The interior is very nicely decorated...very clean...a very nice feel to it.  As soon as we sat down a fresh order of homemade pita bread was brought to the table with zatar. It was absolutely delicious! I had to consciously stop myself from filling up on bread. We ordered the mini mezza which is a combination of a variety of Mediterranean salads; hummus, tabouli,  babaganoush, falafel etc...so yummy! So fresh! We had the chicken kabob wrap...the flavors were soo good! Our server, Audi, was amazing...so accommodating and sweet. We ended our meal with baklava...my step dad said it was the best he's ever had. I can't say enough about this wonderful restaurant!  Go!
4	Great location for a fast food style Mediterranean food. I love their Yalla Fries (drenched in feta cheese sauce), Baba ganoush, humus, and kabobs. The best deal is their 2 kabob combo, which comes with pickled radish, peppers, humus, pita bread, choice of 2 kabobs, and the most delicious rice. Rice at this location is one of the best tasting and most fragrant rice I've ever had. I highly recommend this location if you want to grab Mediterranean food on the go.
5	This place is a hidden gem! Honestly the best Mediterranean food in Henderson!! If you are looking for delicious, fresh and tasty food for a great price, this place is the best! I highly recommend their chicken dinner, you cannot beat it! Also The staff is friendly and tentative. Their pita bread is hot and fresh and comes with a special seasoning that is so amazing! Sometimes they run out of whole chickens so I call ahead to make sure they have one, but if they don't we still go there and enjoy the steak kabobs. Support local, this place is amazing!
3	The pita bread is the best thing going for this place. Made in house, and served with olive oil and herbs, this was the best part of our meal. Terri R and I came for dinner, after looking at the pictures, I had already decided I needed the Yalla Fries. They looked amazing. Well, they look better than they taste. I liked the fries themselves, but they add a pile of feta on top, feta doesn't have much flavor to begin with, so it kinda ruined the fries. We both ordered the gyro pita. While I liked the texture of the meat, it lacked flavor. I ended up drowning it in sumac and dipping it in the gyro sauce. This place is owned by the same people as Khoury's, and I wasn't a fan of their food either. I wouldn't go out of my way to come back here.
