5	What a great grocery store!  It's outward appearance belies the wonders that lie within.  They have just about everything you would need.  There's a side liquor area with all your adult beverage options.The best part is the checkout.  The carts push right up to the checkout, so you don't have to unload your cart.  There's a nice high school boy that bags everything and loads the bags on a special cart.  And then without even asking, they take it out to your car and load it all in your trunk!  This is the best thing since full service gas stations!
5	Miller & Sons is the anchor business of Verona for all of the right reasons.  It has been in Verona for many decades.  Miller supports - really supports - most (if not all) local groups, especially those from the school.  Miller & Sons is a fairly big employer of Verona (and area) teens.  The product selection is fairly diverse for a community of Verona's size and (hint:) you can always mention to the middle age gentlemen in the dark green "Miller & Sons" shirts if there is a product that you would like them to carry.  I don't believe they've ever said no to me (in at least 13 years at least).  They are good at caring for their customers... what more is there?
5	When I need food, this is where I go
5	I love this place. People (shoppers and employees) are really nice, and seem genuine (opposed to the Verona farmers' market groupies).  I can always find someone if I can't locate an item.  Sale prices are just as good, if not better, than bigger stores.  Best thing for a parent shopping with a little kid: mini carts!  Great service all around.
5	THE BEST GROCERY STORE EVER!  The butcher will customize any order . . . just call ahead.  In house bakery; donuts, bread, and pastry.  The deli is fresh.  They carry a lot of local products.  Most important, the service is outstanding. I love grocery shopping and Miller's is always my first stop.They run extra specials on Thursdays.
5	Great service!  Awesome sales!  The Pump Room is EPIC!
5	What's not to like... excellent selection, great prices, customer focused employees and an owner who is a huge supporter of the community and our youth.  I will never shop anywhere else.
5	I reviewed this place once and my review has disappeared and it is not in the filter.  What the heck happened to it?So here goes again.Great grocery.   The store is well lit, well staffed, has great selection, the owners know me, the check out people are mostly great, they carry your purchases out to your car.  What is not to love about this place.They have good meat, some great cheese curds.  Some good deals on liquor an wine.We love this grocery and go there as much as we can.
5	Convenience is not the only reason to shop here, but it is very convenient for people who live in the area.Staff are always friendly and helpful, checkout lines are never long, and they carry all the basics I usually ever need. Deli, butcher and bakery services are always head and shoulders above the same departments at bigger grocery stores. They don't have 15 different brands of everything - they carry one or two name brands and one or two in generic packaging.If I had one bad thing to say, it's that the very cheapest staples like rice, beans, flour and pasta are slightly more expensive here than elsewhere but it's definitely worth the tiny difference in price for convenience when you can get excellent prices for very high quality meats, (home smoked bacon - not that plastic oscar meyer stuff but the REAL deal), local - and not so local - high quality fruits and vegetables etc. all in the same store... and if you converse with anyone, they will remember it and spend the time to talk to you the next time.
4	I've recently relocated from the West Side of Madison to a nice little neighborhood in Verona.  While in Madison, I did most of my shopping at two places: Woodman's (for staple goods) and Willy Street (for produce and specialty items).I had heard great things about Miller & Sons, but was skeptical; I figured they wouldn't have the selection nor would they have the good prices that Woodman's offers.  Boy, was I wrong!The Verona store is expansive - they fit a ton of stuff in the place without making it feel crowded and uncomfortable (unlike Woodman's).  The store is also spotlessly clean and very well lit with plenty of room for carts and people in every aisle (unlike Woodman's).  And, the employees are friendly and helpful (unlike Woodman's).  Best bets at Miller & Sons:- Bakery goods (made onsite daily; try the creme-filled donuts, or any of the yeast raised offerings)- Produce (lots of local items, great quality and selection)- Meat department (super helpful and friendly; some organic/grass fed offerings)In general, the pricing is competitive with Woodman's.  For example, a large jar of Milwaukee's pickles will run $1.99 at M&S; $1.89 at Woodman's.  A box of Fiber One cereal will run $3.99 at M&S, $3.69 at Woodman's (as of this review).I'll happily pay the few extra cents here and there to shop at a friendly, clean, well-lit store with decent selection.  A few items are slightly more expensive (soda, beer, some cleaning supplies), but all things considered, Miller & Sons is a major win - not only for my shopping needs but for the community in general.  And I'm serious about those donuts - give them a try.  They're incredible!  I was genuinely shocked when I sampled these confectionery delights.  The bakers at Miller & Sons have a donut recipe that is to die for - the yeast raised offerings are fluffy, slightly crunchy, and downright addictive (hint: try the caramel topping); the creme-filled (whipped, not Bavarian) are super light, just a tad sweet, and amazing.Hot tip: Miller's usually sells out of donuts really quickly, so get there before 3:00pm, or you're likely to miss out.  Even more so on the weekends.
5	Great grocery - always stop by here on my way through town. Excellent produce and poultry products.
5	Excellent grocery store.  The liquor department carries some winemaking and homebrewing supplies which is very convenient when making wine or beer on the weekend and I forgot to pick up or order something ahead of time.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!  The selection is unlike any store in the area and the customer service is just beyond what you see at most stores the days. A true gem.
2	With all the advertising this store does, I expected pleasant staff members.  What I found were surly teenagers who barely spoke and never cracked a smile.  I can take my groceries to my car myself and have a more pleasant experience, thank you very much!  Also, when I asked a staff member where I might find an item, they were clueless....not going back.
4	Very nice store: well-organized with quality produce. I also really appreciated the staff's willingness to provide assistance.However, because prices are relatively high on many staples, I rotate shopping there and Woodman's.Price examples: 1 lb baby carrots = 1.09 W; 1.59 Mapples per lb = 1.49 W; 2.48 M small washed organic lettuce = 2.59 W; 3.79 MHowever, pre-packaged meats/poultry are a good price and good quality. And - if you watch closely - some of Miller's sale prices match Woodman's regular prices, so that is a plus. All in all, a great place to go for superior produce and meat.
4	I love Millers grocery for our regular purchases. We do suppliment by going to other places for specialty or bulk (Costco, Woodmans, Brennans) and alcohol (Steve's, Woodmans). However, their produce section is very good and includes local, organic items. They carry their own meats and bakery items, and you can find a lot of Wisconsin brands in all areas of the store. One of my favorite things they carry is The Summer Kitchen's jams, homemade in Highland, WI. Yum! When we couldn't find something we were looking for, they said they would start carrying it. I like supporting a family owned business, which is only increased by knowing they employ local teens and support their community. It's also pretty nice that they bring your bags out to the car and load it up for you.
