5	I took my E46 BMW M3 to Bo's, who I have been using at the advise of my friend who has also been raving about Bo for years.  My SMG warning light went off, and all internet searches indicated this would require a $3000 SMG hydraulic pump.  Bo took the time to listen to the sound it was making, and hesitated replacing the pump.  "I don't want to replace the pump unless I really have to," ho told me.  He noticed that the SMG fluid level was normal when cold, but dropped when the car heated up.  He fixed it by topping off the SMG fluid, and saved me $$$$.  He is an expert in fixing BMWs.Thank you Bo!!
5	Honest, reliable quick service..Bo really knows about BMW's in and out..i got my 528i E39 serviced there and am very pleased with the work.
5	I have been going to Bo for years, and he has never lead me astray!  He saved me thousands when my SMG light went off. Rather than a $3500 repair, he took the time to research the issue.  As it turned out, I just needed the fluid topped off.  He is honest to the core, friendly, and efficient.  I wouldn't go anywhere else!
5	Bo was always good to us. Have had a couple BMW's and they had higher mileage and had their issues. Bo was always upfront and fair and did not gouge us. I can do light mechanic work myself... and he would be honest on the things I could probably do at home.
5	If you have a BMW out of warranty, this is the guy to go to. Bo's worked on my 1990 535i for 10 years now (I have 359,500 miles on it!), and he's absolutely the most honest and sharpest mechanic I've ever used. He simply knows everything there is to know about BMWs. Plus, his labor rate is very reasonable, he finds as good a deal as he can on parts and he 100% stands behind his work. I wouldn't consider taking my BMW anywhere else for service.  And on top of all of that, he's just a great guy to work with.
5	Bo IS the man. He has done extensive work on both my Z4M Coupe and 330Ci, and consistently does excellent work at very fair prices. He's very accommodating with your schedule and won't blow smoke up your skirt. His office wall is peppered with a zillion BMW certifications and awards. It's a 2-man shop where they know the cars they work on, and know their customers. Bo earns Brak's coveted 25-star rating.
5	Great experience! So happy to have found Bo's   Great referral from a gearhead neighbor... :-) I am done paying far too much to take care of my Beemer! Thank you for quick reliable service.
