3	I always order from here because it's right around the corner. They are a quick delivery or a three minute walk. The staff is really nice and accommodating. Depending on what you order though it could be bland. My boyfriend always gets the house  special fried rice without shrimp, and swears by it. I get the egg flower drop soup, which is great. The wanton chips are good as well. On some items, they seem to overdo it on the chestnuts and onions, so I tell them to hold them. The black mushrooms are off the hook.
5	Good food. Good prices.
5	Family owned and operated hands down best orange chicken and house friend rice in town do yourself a serious favor and stop eating all those wanna be chinese food fast food places this place is just as quick just as cheap but twice as good trust me I'm Hawaiian and ya lol I grew up eating a lot of asain food this place knows what up
5	I love this place. My coworkers and I get a take out order there every couple weeks. They're always fast, tastes great, and friendly. Most of the time they will throw in some cream puffs for us without us asking. I would highly recommend it, especially since it's a family owned place.
4	We've been ordering either take-out or delivery from here once every month or two for the past 9 years. We like Chinese every few weeks so we've tried many of the other restaurants in the area. Even so, we always find ourselves coming back to Chen & Wok over and over again.I even went so far as to take one of their menus and check off items I had previously ordered, then ordered something new and different, and wrote a little review for myself for each item. I have eaten probably 95% of their entree's and found that the ones I didn't like were personal preference and not because of the quality.As I said, we find ourselves gravitating back to this restaurant time and time again. That should say it all.I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because I rarely give 5 stars.
5	Great food. Sometimes the lo mein is a bit greasy , but it's still delish!you definitely get what you pay for here.
4	A small fast food, family owned establishment ideally for takeout or delivery. Upon our arrival we opted to dine in here. Our order was taken immediately and our food was served promptly. Everything came out to taste. Their portions are huge. I had the house special chicken with lo mein that could of feed 2 people. My meal also came with an eggroll and 3 fried wonton. The next time I'm in town, I'll have to try the beef chow fun which my sister said was satisfying.
5	This place is super tasty. We have only ordered delivery so I can't comment on the actual restaurant. The delivery is super fast usually. Also the price can't be beat. It has become a go to on our rotation. We love the orange chicken and the mu shu veggies. Also the fried rice is amazing. We always get white rice to for free which adds to the value. I do not recommend the crab puffs though, it was just friend dough no cream cheese or crab in it.
4	Great food at a great price. Great lunch  specials.
3	I'm from Cali and have been searching for Chinese food like home, and my cousin told me me to try this place. I always go by a Chinese places orange chicken, egg flower soup, & egg rolls lol I know I'm weird but I know what I like Lol anyhoo this place had very good orange chicken, fried rice and low mein and egg flower soup best I've tried since getting to this hot state, I didn't like the eggs rolls though it was to doughy instead of the crispier wraps the use.  But overall excellent food kudos!!
2	My husband and I ate at Chen Wok every week for over a year, and I would have rated it 5 stars (more if I could) until they recently changed management, retooled their entire menu AND raised their prices (in December 2013).  We were thinking there wouldn't be much of a change in the menu - after all, why would you mess with a winning formula?  Boy, were we wrong.  What was the best Chinese food we've ever had is now just mediocre.  No more giant portions at great prices - the portions are 50% smaller, AND the prices are higher.  If you liked Chen Wok before, you'll probably find very little to like here - they've changed the way they breaded the chicken, the sauces, the veggies, the crab puffs, the egg rolls - literally nothing is the same.  Also, the new staff is incredibly rude.  We won't be eating here ever again, which is a shame because we were in love with the old Chen Wok.
1	UGGGGHHHH! DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE! After the new year they got new management and all new employess. The food was absolutely terrible. They are now the "New Chen Wok" and they suck so hard. The soup was like jelly. The rice- crunchy not done. Where the hell is the flavor????? Gone. Very upsetting. I've been going there for three years. I even called and told them off. Lost this customer for sure. That's just too bad.  Anybody know where the old owners went? I'd like to find them.
1	My family and I have been ordering from this place for over 10 years.  This weekend they did a "remodel".  I believe they upgraded their POS (Point of Sale) system.  They also no longer accept coupons.  For $26.18 + tip, we would get a decent amount of food.  This included 3 entrees in a good size box with egg fried rice, steamed rice, and lo mein. along with egg flower soup, and free crab puffs (coupon).  All orders included packets of soy sauce, hot mustard, and a cup of sweet and sour.  When I order tonight, we ordered the same things we always did.  The portions are half the size, egg flower soup looks nothing like what used to be (basically broth and egg), nor do the crab puffs (processed coating).  We were now charged over $30 for a dinner for a dinner that I didn't touch and, even if I ate, couldn't feed my family.  I hope other regulars post their comments.  Do not order from here until they change back.  I now wish I took pictures of food I previously ordered, so I could post what I just got in comparison.  I will complain in person, but will be finding some place different to get my Chinese food.  To my delivery driver, I am sorry, Henry.My thoughts are that Larry Y's comment are because he is the new owner or some how affiliated with this new restaurant.  Also this is a "New York Style Chinese Place".  Come on....
2	My husband and I ate at Chen Wok every week for over a year, and I would have rated it 5 stars (more if I could) until they recently changed management, retooled their entire menu AND raised their prices (in December 2013).  We were thinking there wouldn't be much of a change in the menu - after all, why would you mess with a winning formula?  Boy, were we wrong.  What was the best Chinese food we've ever had is now just mediocre.  No more giant portions at great prices - the portions are 50% smaller, AND the prices are higher.  If you liked Chen Wok before, you'll probably find very little to like here - they've changed the way they breaded the chicken, the sauces, the veggies, the crab puffs, the egg rolls - literally nothing is the same.  Also, the new staff is incredibly rude.  We won't be eating here ever again, which is a shame because we were in love with the old Chen Wok.
5	Our first time visiting.  Excellent service, huge portions and great flavor!And they deliver!
4	Despite living across the street, I have avoided trying New Chen Wok because the reviews since their management change are kind of rough. But tonight I happened to be at Frys and decided to give it a go.We ordered a large chicken with string beans, a large hot lover's chicken and a wonton egg drop soup. Total came to just over $20. We paid and our to go order came out shortly after.The hot lovers chicken was like a spicy sweet and sour, but with veggies. The chicken and green beans tasted fresh and had a light sauce. I liked the wontons in the egg drop soup. Everything was hot and not too oily like some local spots.I'm unclear on how the recent reviews have been so low. Perhaps we caught them on a good night or maybe I'm not as picky as the other reviewers. I will try this place again. It reminded me of the quickie chinese joints i used to frequent around Army bases when I was enlisted.
4	This place is a hidden gem. I'm a huge fan of orange chicken and I've finally found a place that is better than Panda Express. The service was great, the dining area was clean, our order was out within 10 minutes and the food was terrific. We will be back...a lot.
5	I have been going to this place for years and like it even better with the new  management. My favorite is the chicken teriyaki. My husband basically orders whatever he wants and they make it special for him. You DEFINITELY get your money's worth. They give you large portions and it is very delicious. The staff is friendly, the place is clean, and I highly recommend it!
5	With  the new management the foods were so much better,their fried rice was amazing, I normally never order fried rice at chinese restaurant.the portion was big specially the soup, definetely will be back..
1	Uhh what happened here? Ordered orange chicken under new management. Horrible. Bring back the old recipe fast.
1	!!!!!!!!   beware   !!!!!!!!!!!!   food is disgusting.....nasty red cheap egg rolls. lo mein  is loaded with msg..... i am really feeling sick after eating there over priced nasty food......
