3	I tried this restaurant for lunch with the wife and it was ok.   We ordered the pitas, which were actually good.  My wife had the grilled vegetables and I ordered the grotatoes as side orders.  IMO, tatoes of any kind should never really need ketchup and when ketchup doesn't help.........  Overall, I would go for another Pita as it was quite tasty.
5	Finally a healthy and fast option for family dining! Our family of 5 recently tried gro in hopes of finding another option for affordable dining that appealed to all of us.   I had the steak pita, my husband had a bowl and the kids each had the chicken pita kits. All the food was prepared fresh and was delicious. The homemade yogurt was a great treat that we shared for dessert. I highly recommend the PB&J variety. The hummus, while sweeter than what we are used to having, was also very good.  The atmosphere was clean and modern. We will be back!
5	Delicious!! I came for lunch and ate every bite of the chicken bowl with quinoa and homemade pita chips. Everything was fresh and tasty, and I felt good about getting dessert! The "Runner" yogurt is delicious and the manager said it is made from scratch in-house! The service was quick and friendly and it was very clean. I also love that you can buy their products to take home - I'll definitely be back for pitas and hummus!
5	This place was amazing. If you love Greek food and you want healthy food - Gro is a must Go. The Pita was delicious and the Yogurt was the best I have ever had. Go check this place out - you will not regret it.
5	My toddler LOVES the Grogurt options and Gro Kids menu! I can finally forego packing his lunch box now that we have a healthy, quick option when we are out and about. And quinoa as an option is brilliant! I love this place!
2	Okay my first impressions are good and staff was really courteous and eager to help you. I ordered the chicken salad with a drink and of course it turned out ok. I'm not sure if I'm going back tho because the prices for what you get was not great. This is still a fast food style setup not a restaurant I guess i just expected something more. Ive had better portion sizes at showmars. Maybe I just had an off day and wasn't inline with the universe or something ....Ill try it again with a better frame of mind on the next go round.......
4	Good job here.  We randomly found Gro today.  The chicken pita and the fries were good.  The  atmosphere was modern, clean and comfortable and the staff was friendly.I do wish they had iced tea (unsweetened).
5	Absolutely amazing and so different!! My boyfriend and I came for vacation to NC and found this gem! The hummus was so creamy and the gro-fries were crispy and delicious! We traditionally like Greek food, but this was over the top! So healthy, so yummy and definitely would recommend this to anyone! So many different options to chose from. The staff was very friendly and welcoming! Very modern and clean! MUST VISIT SPOT!
3	This is a nice break from regular fast food. Everything was fresh and service was good. I had a steak pita with a side of veggies. The pita was good but the veggies were just a few sauteed onions and peppers in an paper cup. My wife had a salad and it looked very good and was a better value. If you want a break from burgers and fries its a nice place to go.
4	I've been stalking this place for about a week, I finally went there today.  I got a chicken pita, grotatoes, hummus and pita bread.  I must say I really enjoyed the chicken pita it was surprisingly good. The grotatoes were ok good flavor I guess I should have ate them at the place instead of taking them to go they got soggy fast.  The hummus I've had better, the pita bread was good.  Overall I can say it was good, I will return.
2	Went for lunch today with my wife. We both had the steak pitas. I had hummus and pita chips and she had the baked fries. First off, it was a bit confusing what you were supposed to do when you walked in. That was rectified by very courteous and helpful staff. It might help to have a small "order here" sign. Second, hummus is a side by itself?  Who orders just hummus?Now, for the food:Really like the idea of baked fries - it fits the theme just fine. The bad part is that is was not well executed - not very hot and not crispy at all. The steak on both of our sandwiches and the salsa that my wife had on hers suffered from the same problem: no seasoning. The best word that I can come up with is bland. That certainly doesn't fit with an "evolved" Greek menu. The fresh made pita bread was very good and could be the foundation of some really good food - but it has to have some taste.
5	Great healthy meals that are also filling. Had the Gro Salad with chicken for my first visit. Really tasty and filling. Had a side of the grotatoes that were really hard and dry. The server at the counter happily replaced them with another side. A 'manager' later stopped by and dropped off a fresh order of the grotatoes. Fantastic service. Look forward to coming back with my family frequently. The only negative for me were the coke products. Not healthy and doesn't fit the vibe.
5	What more can I say...A+ for everything. Healthy Food, service with a smile!Been in twice so far and will go back. Kids love the chicken pita and burgers.  Fries GREAT especially that they are baked, not fried!!!  I have had steak bowl and chicken salad-both were perfect choices. Go and try for yourself. Great new place for good, quick healthy meals!
5	I've loved everything we've gotten there on several occasions. The pitas and baked greek fries are delicious. Greek yogurt parfaits were great for the kids. We've also ordered Tzatziki  sauce and fresh pitas to go so we could make our own at home. Awesome! As a plus, they provide runner cards for several different length loops from the restaurant. Easy to follow and a great addition to the healthy food. Can't wait to get back!
5	Excellent healthy options! My husband and I stopped in while we were in town visiting family and we wish there was a location in Chicago! If you're in the area, it's a must. We loved all the locally sourced ingredients ( the honey in the Greek yogurt is amazing!). The service was great and staff was extremely helpful.
5	Nice to have healthy options when taking the kiddos out for lunch. Gyros were fresh and tasty, great portion size. My son loved the hummus. He was literally scraping the cup to get every last bit. Staff was helpful and friendly. Even the sweet tea was delicious. My only criticism would be the rice was a little bland. My but baked fries were a hit with the kids.
4	We've been wanting to try this restaurant for several weeks and when the opportuniity came...we were pleasantly surprised.  Friendly and helpful staff - although we were a little confused about the order process when we entered.  Delicious gyro and the baked fries were a hit - ours was hot and fresh.  We'll definately be back for more.  Great new alternative.
2	This is one of those places that I really wanted to love. Their menu sounds delicious and I love that they make their own homemade yogurt for the tzatziki and their own hummus. We visited a few weeks ago and the one word I would use to describe our meal is bland. I had the Gro Bowl with chicken and hubby had the gyro. Both of us agreed that the food wasn't necessarily bad, just not very flavorful or memorable. My biggest issue with the salad was the dressing. It was very oily and lacked any real flavor. I'm all about a healthy meal, but healthy doesn't have to mean bland.
5	Came here everyday for lunch when I was visiting from NYC. NYC has some of the best restaurants but I just couldn't get enough of Gro. It's like no restaurant I've been to before. The food was absolutely delicious. I loved the pita and bowls. Everything was so fresh and healthy. The staff was very nice and the restaurant was clean. I highly recommend Gro! And hope they open other locations closer to me.
5	Yummy!! Food is fresh and delicious, staff is friendly and helpful. Glad they are so close by, we will certainly be back!
5	This was my first trip here and it was a delightful one.  The owners/managers were extremely friendly and asked how our food was.  I had the chicken pita with baked fries that were amazing!  They were so tasty and if you didn't know they were baked, you would think they are fried.  They don't have a freezer or deep fryer so everything is made fresh to order.  The pita bread is made fresh daily and the hummus has a touch of local honey to sweeten it - a pleasant surprise. The portions aren't skimpy so you shouldn't leave hungry.
4	I'm a fan.  The friends I went with on Friday night were not "thrilled" with their meals so I can see why there are some mixed reviews but I was digging this spot.  I like the fact that it is another "healthy" option that is quick and affordable.  They make their own pita bread, chips and use all natural chicken.  I know that isn't as good as it gets but that certainly helps.  I tried the greek salad and it was very good.  I mean, it was a greek salad.  It is what it is.  The hummus was a little bland, that is true but that didn't stop me from eating it all.The baked fries were very good in my opinion.  They weren't super crunchy but they weren't....fried.   They weren't over salted either which was nice.  I think all the people complaining about the "blandness" of the food are people that are used to junk.  What they are "missing" is fat, hydrogenated oil, sodium, grease, etc.  Not flavor.Anyway, for those who can appreciate healthier options, I think gro-greek has some great options.  I could have done without the teenagers taking the order as they weren't helpful and just had that punk teenager attitude.  But, whatever.Overall, I was pleased with my experience and will return.  Plus the new Publix is right across the street and place is awesome!!
5	Boom. Very good food, good prices, great ambiance and very friendly and helpful staff. I will be coming back plenty. The pitas are excellent and the Hummus is some of the best I have tasted. Yes!
4	After getting groceries at the newest Publix Supermarket, I saw the storefront and stopped in to check it out. Fresh look inside, ample outdoor seating and a simple fresh Greek menu. All made in house as you wait. Excellent food quality and quantity at fair pricing. Worth the stop....
1	I say "no go to gro". The food was bland at best. The hummus had no taste and was a waste of calories. It PAINS me to say this...I'd go to Shomars before I go back to Gro. The staff is very friendly and helpful and it is new and unique in the way they have it laid out yet the uniqueness also makes it confusing. It is not worth the trip and I had a coupon. Still not worth the money. If you're going Greek, don't go Gro.
5	Love when I can find Greek food that is quick and healthy! Great services, awesome portions, great prices, I will definitely be going back!
5	I was happy to try a healthier food option in this area. It's refreshing to see all natural, fresh food coming to mainstream. My favorite item on the menu (so far) is the Gro bowl with quinoa salsa AND tzatziki sauce (this is an extra side but totally worth it). It was fresh tasting and very filling. I also liked the side of baked fries. They were well-seasoned and cooked just right. I also picked up some of the locally made honey from the market. The atmosphere is very inviting and the staff was friendly. I am definitely going to come back and look forward to trying more things from the menu.
5	Wow...so impressed!  I had the gro bowl with quinoa, chicken, and tzatziki sauce.  As an athlete, I was so happy to find a place serving such healthy food.  And even though it was the lunch rush hour, food was served very fast.  When I ordered,  I asked what was in their tzatziki sauce...it's made from fresh Greek yogurt made daily in the store.  I couldn't believe it...so good and will definitely order again!  You could really see and taste the freshness/quality of their ingredients (especially the tomatoes!).  And I RARELY eat fried foods...the fact they bake their fries was just awesome.  I finally felt like I was eating good, healthy food at a "fast" food place.  I will definitely come again and recommend to all my friends.
4	Gro is a new restaurant right by the Siskey YMCA. I have to say I was very skeptical of "healthy" Greek food, especially from a fast, order-at-the-counter establishment. I had the gro bowl with chicken, quinoa, and salsa. I was very impressed. It tasted healthy  but had TONS of flavor. I loved it. They also have an array of Greek yogurts-my favorite being the strawberry, honey, and granola. It is very filling and low in fat-good choices. I will definitely return to Gro. The only thing I didn't find satisfying was the nutrition facts were absent, but I can trust that what I ate was fresh and good for you. They also have no freezer, meaning all their meat and veggies are fresh, every day.
5	This is a winner in the value-priced healthy food category.  I joined a "meet and greet" group from the Matthews Chamber of Commerce there last night.  Had the Gro-Bowl with rice and pork.  I loved the simple menu and clean atmosphere and design.  And the branding is everywhere yet not overpowering.  Immediately strikes you as different when the greeter meets you in side with an iPad in hand to take your order, with NO counter separating you.  Fed my family of 3 a healthy meal for total of $21.  I'll be back!
1	Since we have been shopping at the Publix in the same parking lot, I have been meaning to try this place. I took my kids today and we ordered chicken pitas and the beef patty pita and fries. The chicken tasted precooked and dried out. The beef patty was definitely dried out and had a weird taste. The fries were so bad that my kids wouldn't eat them. The people working there seems friendly, but no one bothered to ask how our food was or say thank you as we left, which are two aspects of running a restaurant that does not cost any money. On the positive side, it was very clean and the fountain drinks were good. We are thankful that we were already going to Publix, because we purchased one of their outstanding subs  after we left Gro. In hindsight, the lack of business at lunchtime on a Saturday should have been a huge red flag to me.
5	I tried this place for the first time at the Yelp Event in NoDa. I tried samples of the chicken with quinoa and the parfait-like dessert. They were both excellent.
5	I got to try some samples of a few of their items at an event they were participating in. I also had the chance to talk at length with some of the owners/partners.I NEVER write reviews for a place I have not visited. But Matthews is a far drive. Based on what I had to eat and the guys behind it, I'm rating it a five star in hopes to increase the overall rating, drive business to the restaurant, so they can expand and eventually add a location closer to me because I'd likely be in there at minimum once a week. Where they are now, and where I live, I'd be lucky to get there once a year. But If I am in the area, I'm definitely stopping in.Sure, I know it selfish. But I'm being honest. If it really sucks to everyone else and service is poor, that rating will go back down.Also, they cater. I don't ever get to have a need for catering, but you should know that is an option.As for what I had, the Greek Yogurt was better than any I've personally had before and is made in house. That homemade Greek Yogurt is used in their Tzatziki sauce which was on their Greek Chicken Salad and Quinoa. VERY delicious.
5	I had the pleasure of trying the freshly made yogurt with honey, granola, and strawberries. I have never had better yogurt in my life. The consistency was just right, the flavor was mild and pleasant... I can't say enough good things about it. The added bonus was how kind the owners were. They were very engaging and friendly and they have definitely earned a loyal customer in me!
5	Delicious well priced food. Love the vegetarian pita. Nice open seating and very clean. Definitely a must try!
2	Not impressed.  Limited menu. I give it two stars because of the healthy menu. It was just very limited and bland. How do you have a gyro place with no lamb?Healthy does not equal tasteless.
5	Passed this place a few times and finally stopped in for a bite. Im glad i did! I like how everything is fresh and made in house. I ordered the chicken pita on white no onions and side of baked fries. Chicken was cooked perfect but i wish it was marinated for extra flavor. I did try the oil/vinegar dressing on the table (i think it has anchovies) little to sweet for my taste buds. The pita was huge and plenty of fries on the side (did i mention they were baked thumbs up!) i left full and satisfied and not bloated like every other place i go when i eat too much . Cant wait to go back and try other dishes! I gave 4 stars because i only tried it once....  I never usually rate if i havent tried a place more than once. GREAT 1ST IMPRESSION :)9/9/14 just had the steak! My new fav
5	We finally decided to stop in this place.  I am so excited to find a new healthy spot for lunch in my area!!  I had the chicken pita and shared the baked french fries with my hubby. DELISH!!!!  The customer service was so friendly and accommodating and the establishment was super clean. They even have texas pete in little packets- MAJOR win for this hot sauce lovin' Momma!!  Look forward to trying the hummus and quinoa side next visit!!!
4	Soon after it first opened, we went for lunch one day to Gro by the new Publix in the Matthews area.  The ordering process is very modern and unique.  There's no counter and registers.  Instead, there's somebody waiting there with menus and an iPad to explain the process and take your order.  After paying (with a swipe of the credit card on the iPad), we were seated and our food was brought out to us when ready.Naturally, I had to order the Steak Pita, which is basically like a Greek Gyro (minus the lamb), one of my favorite sandwich options.  You also get one side with your meal.  I ordered the Greek fries, and here's why:  My other options were hummus, tzatziki, salsa, pita bread or chips, grilled veggies, quinoa, or rice.  It's great that they offer a variety of delicious side items, but what am I going to do with a side of tzatziki (which I love) or side of hummus (which I also love)?  Why don't these come with pita bread or chips as well?  I'm supposed to get the dip OR the dipper?  How does that work?  It perplexed me, and that's why I got the fries instead of one of the dips I would have liked better.  The fries were good, but a little cold.  They should have been fresher.   Next time we go, we'll have a plan:  I'll order the dip and my partner can order the chips and then we'll have a full set.
3	First time here and I am a huge Greek/Mediterranean foodie...So when the hummus was sweet instead of savory, I was shocked & very disappointed because both my friend & I paid extra for it! It was so bad we threw all of the hummus away. My pita was okay but they do not have Tzatziki sauce or tge traditional lamb/beef Gyro meat. Ugh! The servers and cooks were very friendly, though.
3	Really nice laid back place with descent prices.  Pita bread is also very good as it is made on site.  Very healthy and great side dishes, such as quinoa and oven baked potato fries.  However, most of the food and sauces are quite bland on the tastebuds. The food definitely needs a lot more flavor.
5	Great! Get the fries.  Salads were large portions.  Great food with a fresh taste!
5	I don't usually love Greek food, but I guess I can't say that anymore! I had the chicken pita (with tzatziki AND salsa, plus feta), and it was so fresh and delicious. I also had the baked fries, which were seasoned perfectly and equally delicious. I really appreciate that this place is not only healthy menu-wise, but the entire environment promotes a healthy lifestyle, from the running trails on the wall to the honey and vinegar you can purchase there. Looking forward to going back!
