5	I haven't had the food but the agua frescas are amazing.  I had them two days in a row and would go back again and again and again.  The melon is amazing right now.  I went here in LA to get one at the farmers market and it didn't even compare.  I almost cried.
1	I love that they have more fruit aguas but they don't usually make them with mainly just the fresh fruit like other places (Los Reyes de La Torta has the best I think). I think it is a powder mix with some fruit cut up in it. But I have tried them since I love fresh fruit and they are closer to me. Watch out to because several times when I have ordered items they charge you for the larger size. When I asked about this they tell me "oh we only have large not small or medium" even though those sizes and their prices are listed on the menu. Shady!  This has happened to me at a couple of their different locations.
5	One of the best quickie Mexican take-out joints in the valley for everything from simple carne asada tacos to chicharrones en salsa roja. I love that they have authentic, non-Americanized carne options like buche (pig intestines), tripas (beef intestines), lengua (tongue- best I've ever had), and cabeza (beef head). And you know what, each and every one of those weirdo meats are effing delicious. Cooked to perfection. Fall apart tender. Melt in your mouth delicious. So freaking good.If they can make beef intestines taste delicious, you bet your ass their traditional meat options like carnitas and pollo are equally as delectable. They make their own tortillas and both the flour and corn are tender and flavorful. You'll end up looking forward to that first and last tortilla-filled bite of a burrito, and you'll wish they doubled up their corn tortillas on the tacos. (And don't worry, you don't need a double banger tortilla on the taco. I've only had a corn tortilla disintegrate on me when I've left it to sit and sop up juices for ages.)Make sure to take advantage of the salsa bar. Get lots and lots and lots of the aguacate sauce. That spicy green avocado sauce is the most amazing condiment. The red and green sauce will suffice in a pinch, but that bright green avocado sauce blows 'em away. The marinated carrots, cucumber slices and radishes are also spot on. Their strange pico with lots of cabbage is a concept I haven't seen anywhere else, but it's crazy complimentary. Give it a whirl.The only issue I've ever had is with consistency. Sometimes a burrito will have rice and beans, other times it will be a meat-o-palooza. Not that big of a deal, and certainly nothing that will keep me away from the best quickie Mexican I've had in the valley.
4	Looks aren't everything.......This little divito looks a little scary looking, but like I've said before "you can't judge a book by it's cover". Not necessarily the kind of place you will take your date (unless she's blind and hungry), but man oh man is the food ever good! We have ordered breakfast, lunch, & dinner, and it is all fantastico. They make home-made corn tortillas and several salsas. The breakfast burritos are out of this world and cost about the same as a McDonald's meal. We are a family that eats out frequently and we are frankly tired of pretty places with below average food. This place is sure to cure your hankerin for a tasty Mexican meal.
5	I just bought a home nearby this hidden gem and have been back several times since I moved in. The tortas are a go-to but honestly, everything I've ordered has been better than expected.  Even the simple bean burrito con queso is better than most places I've been.  Enjoy!
5	This place is the best i allways get the nachos mmmmm the best but if u share the nachos with someone fight to get the mother nacho lol
5	This place has the best Mexican food i have ever had i all ways order the nachos  mmmm the best and they all ways pile the food on i never have a naked nacho lol
2	This place is just okay. Almost all the sauces (even the guacamole) are watered-down and they aren't shy about using a microwave right in front of the customers; it's right behind the front counter, and I watched a guy nuke my nachos & cheese before topping them off. If you can overlook these things, this place is all right; certainly better than Del Taco or Taco Bell or anything like that in that at least they cut their own produce and don't have a manufactured taste. Not the best for you, but if you're thinking about eating here or at any Mexican-style restaurant around, you probably aren't super-interested in being health-conscious, anyway.
5	Love this place. The 7seas soup is my favorite! Soooo good! They have one of the best carne asada tacos!
5	La Salsitas...32nd St & Indian School. This is hands down some of the best Mexican food in the Valley. A quiet little place minding their own business doing what they know how to do. This is a must-visit quaint restaurant. If you're looking for authentic Mexican food, this is the place to hit. Totally Six Stars...this place gets Best Mex In The 'Hood!!
4	The "street tacos" here are outstanding.  Consistent quality w/ a hot sauce bar that apologizes to no one.  Friendly staff.  Hear me now, believe me later.  Strong.
4	I wish this place was closer to our condo. For 1.25 tacos and their Carne Asada tacos aren't like ground beef with no extra weird stuff on it I'm almost in love. Definitely not my favorite place for Carne Asada tacos but definitely not my least favorite.  We will see you again soon my friend. Oh a word of caution. My boyfriend ordered a pollo asado burrito with beans cheese sour cream and rice and asked for the enchilada sauce to be put in the inside of the burrito and its always the same result....outside as usual. We need to Learn how to speak Spanish so we can get it right everytime :(
2	i dunno man. this place is practically walking distance from my house, but for some reason i've never made it here.  after reading all the good reviews, i figured i'd drive through for some late snacks. first, the woman working the drive through didn't speak any english, so it took an unnecessarily long time to order.  next, i only ordered two things-a california burrito and a horchata. i paid with a card and she's didn't say how much the food was when i gave it to her.  when i got home i looked at the receipt and saw i was charged SIXTEEN DOLLARS for these two items! i didn't look at the cost of the burrito, but i did notice a large horchata was something like $3 on their menu.  no way that burrito could have cost $13, so i must have been charged for two. ugh! after reading all the reviews about how ~amazing~ their aqua frescas are, i could not believe how awful the horchata was.  it was extremely watery and obviously made with a powder mix as i could taste the graininess in the drink.  the actual flavor was very weird as well, it didn't taste like any horchata i've ever had (and i've had a lot). the california burrito was the saving grace and was actually really delicious.  unfortunately since the rest of the experience was so annoying and i was overcharged, i think i'm going to stick with bertos or vaquero for my late night fat snacks.
5	La Salsita is infinitely better than the Filiberto's across the street. The drive-thru takes about twice as much time to get through, but this is because they make FRESH FOOD. Real handmade corn tortillas, flour tortilla, AND chips, fried to order! Plus, their carne asada is ACTUALLY SEASONED! The best thing? CHILAQUILES! I haven't had anything here that I didn't love! I'm going to try the seafood specials someday, but I just haven't worked up the courage to order un-fried seafood through a talking metal box.
5	Way better food than any of those blah blah blah-Berto's places at still fantastic prices. Some if our favorites are: shredded beef chimichanga, California burrito, breakfast burrito, and any of the aguas frescas. The tortillas always taste fresh and the salsas are full of flavor.
5	Thank you Hortencia for the amazing chili relleno on the house! The sauce was amazing now that is how a chile relleno's made just like my grandma's. LOVE the carne asada street tacos w HOMEMADE corn masa yum!!!
2	I've been here a few times all good experiences except for today's wait. 50 mins in line was not acceptable after somehow forgetting what out order was by the time we finally got to the window. Hopefully your experience  won't be like mine.
