5	I was recommended by a friend to see Kevin Cole at Las Vegas Hypnosis Center, while I was visiting a friend in Henderson.  Hands down the best recommendation I ever got!  Let me preface, I am a person that is Type A, workaholic, perfectionist, who grew up with a "Tiger Mother"...your very stereotypical Asian-overacheiver. Needless to say, I was looking for something to help me reduce my stress, quiet my mind, and minimize the endless "mind chatter".  Unfortunately, that endless mind chatter is in my mother's voice.Usually I am not a very open person, but it was very easy to speak with Kevin.  He is extremely down to earth, humble, and genuine...and it comes through immediately when you speak to him!  He actually is someone that cares about what he is doing to help people. I was able to go see Kevin for 2 sessions and within those sessions, I am handling my stress much better, quite my endless "mind chatter", eliminated the anxiety that I felt when I thought about my "Tiger Mother", and especially improved my body image...mind you I am pretty thin already, but I did not see myself that way. He also used techniques that I was able to do on my own when I needed. I actually feel whole and not scattered.  If and when I am in town again, I am definitely going back to see Kevin for smoking cessation.  I should have thought about that when I was working with him.  Do yourself a favor and go to Las Vegas Hypnosis Center and see Kevin Cole...the man knows what he is doing...he can help you in pretty much all aspects of your life!  He's definitely made an impact on mine and I am very thankful!
5	I found the sessions with Kevin very helpful. I was very stressed out and he helped me diminish my anxiety level.  He is knowledgeable and easy to talk to. I was able to learn new ways of focusing on the positive aspects of my life. He created a comfortable atmosphere and made me deal with my situation in a more peaceful and sensible way.After the sessions I was able to concentrate better and see my problems in a more positive light.I would definitely recommend him to a friend.
5	I have worked with Kevin at The Las Vegas Hypnosis Center both in person and via Skype as well.I first experienced Kevin's work about a year ago and was truly amazed. I've worked with many excellent hypnotherapists, healers and life coaches over the years and Kevin's work stands out as some of the most profound experiences I've had. He is just so incredibly knowledgeable and skilled. I've worked with him on and off for a few different things in the last year.  I am grateful for him teaching me weight management tools, coping with grief and especially pain control.Although there are many more than just one experience,  I am forever grateful to him for recently working with me via Skype doing some emergency pain control hypnosis while on my vacation. Riding a motorcycle I got into an accident and although I was lucky that I didn't break any bones, I had many severe wounds and required a lot of stitches.  I can usually handle pain very well but later that night the pain really kicked in and it felt unbearable.  I called Kevin and fortunately he was available.  I told him what happened and he quickly took over and next thing I know, I was able to handle the pain.. even lowering it to a level when I was feeling much better and peaceful actually, and I was able to sleep all the way through the night.I haven't been completely pain free since the accident but I regularly use the techniques that Kevin taught me if/when I do feel pain, and although I don't always get it down to a zero, I am always able to lower my levels of discomfort a great deal. What an amazing gift!!  It really is. As I shared, I've worked with Kevin for more than just pain management hypnotherapy, and I just can't speak highly enough of him.He is a truly gifted hypnotherapist and life coach.I hope my review help you too...
