5	What a treat on a hot day! I've seen this Golden Spoon so many times since it opened and yesterday was the first time I made it a point to stop in. Appropriate, considering it was the first 3-digit degree day this spring! I got the heath bar and classic chocolate in a mini size with almonds. The almonds weren't stale like is so often the case in fro-yo shops and the mini size was more than enough for me! The calorie content is good but holy moly is there ever a lot of sugar! My lips were glued together by the time I was done. Good thing, or "Thank you Sir, may I have another?" may have slipped out! Golden Spoon: We need more decent fro-yo selection in Berkeley-- give our mediocre local shops some competition!
2	I don't care much for this place. Long lines, slow service, expensive prices, people cluttering around the entryway smoking and eating yogurt because there's no outdoor seating for this store (The only outdoor seating I see is Chipotle's stuff)... It's very frustrating.I'd much rather go up the street to U-Swirl.
2	There's something about their frozen yogurt that leaves the wierdest after taste in my mouth.  The couple times I've been here, I had to wipe down my own table to sit down.  It's not the best place for frozen yogurt nor the cleanest either.
3	It's good frozen 'gurt.  They have a rotating selection of flavors.
4	Great selection of flavors and a plethora of toppings. Flavors rotate daily and the staff is happy to tell you their favorites! This location gets extremely busy Friday-Sunday because the Buffalo Wild Wings and Chipotle right next to it. I frequent the one on 1651 W. Horizon Ridge Pkwy, it has some outdoor tables and it is easier to find a parking spot. Don't forget to ask for a punch card (buy 8 get one free)!
5	Not sure what the other reviewers are talking about - I found it clean and cheap, and the service was awesome. $2 for a "mini". This mini was the perfect size for me.. 88 calories, and plenty of fro yo in that size. I got the cake batter flavor.. YUM
4	OK, nothing is really perfect but this yogurt comes close.Have visited many times and always have been satisfied.You must go at least once...even if you "don't like yogurt."worth the trip.
4	I do enjoy the Golden Spoon, especially the nonfat options, but the toppings aren't adequate. There are several frozen yogurt places throughout the Las Vegas area, and I like the self-serve places the best. But, this place is good for what it is, and has a line out the door in the summertime.
4	Came in one evening with a friend; I'd seen a few of these around and decided I had to try it. I had the caffe latte yogurt w/ Andes mint pieces - it was huge & dirt cheap. Diet friendly? Not really, but they do list the nutritional values on their menu which at least let me fill in the blanks about how long I was going to be on the treadmill later.The only downer was that the employees came across as slightly flustered between the snippy management techniques I saw in effect & a pretty serious line of customers.Make no mistake though, I'll be back.
5	Ohmygoodness...the Pistachio Frozen Yogurt is like crack cocaine...I get the shakes for it.
4	This was our 2nd trip Golden Spoon. The first time was my first non-TCBY froyo experience. Now after having a few more froyo experiences, we came back to were it started...if you will. We came on a Friday night, and this place was full of teenagers. But, the service was pretty quick. They don't have the flavor selection of other chains, and the topping selection is not as extensive, but still good. They charge by the cup size and not the weight here. Both the wife and I had mini's. We only paid about $5 or so as i also got a topping. It was the perfect amount of yogurt. I find the yogurt here to be a little less grainy than some of the other froyo places. The flavors I had tasted very good (especially the orange 50/50). I was definitely satisfied and I am sure we will hit up the Golden Spoon again.
4	Wonderful yogurt in a cozy, convenient location. The service is always friendly and quick. Many varieties of flavors and toppings. Love the fresh blueberries and strawberries.
5	I do have biased opinion because I grew up on GS yogurt. I miss the New York Seltzer they used to sell. But here is a fact of these other competing yogurt shops. They have this trend of laying out a topping bar and letting the customers serve themselves. Here's the problem with that. If you are the 30th customer to purchase a bowl, that means 29 other people had handled the dispensers and the topping spoons before you. Assuming that they all washed their hands for 20 seconds.... No, wait. We can't because usually there isn't a washroom anywhere nearby. Consider how many times a person touches their face, and hair (dirt collectors) and everything else while heading to the yogurt place. With Golden Spoon, 2 or 3 different people handle the utensils and dispensers all day long and they have a hand washing sink behind the bar which I make sure the employee uses before serving me. I have yet to remind them. Prices have barely raised since the 80's, and if you get it to go, they pack it tight for you. The weighing thing is just another tool to make money. So while Uswirl and Yogurtland are making money off of your bowl of germs, Golden Spoon gives you quality product for a reasonable price.But I visited the Eastern location and after 7 months of waiting, they finally had Pistachio. I guess that might be because the other 6 months, I've been going to the Horizon Ridge location. So, you Yogurtland and Uswirl enthusiasts can keep on going to those germ/bacteria traps, just stay out of my line at Golden Spoon. I don't want to catch what you caught from those other places.
4	favorite yogurt place in the world, love their grahm cracker flavor. they have a tendancy to charge you tax when you have a bogo (reason for not giving them 5 stars) but prompt with service, generious with samples and tasty yogurt
3	We come here a lot. The yogurt works very well with the weight watchers diet. The people are always friendly and the prices are good. I would give it an extra star if the flavors were the same every time we went, but they are always switching them so it sucks when you are in the mood for something and its not there. Also, the Parking kind of sucks in this little center as there is a Chipotle and buffalo wild wings right next door but that's ok.
5	You can't go wrong with this place when you want dessert but don't want 500+ calories.  Almost every single one of their flavors are awesome, they switch them out on a regular basis with new ones, and all the toppings let you get a little more decadent if you want.  Barely even tastes like you're eating yogurt.
4	Love the taste of these flavors! Although they change their flavors too often for me, whenever I get something I am not disappointed! My fav is cheesecake and coconut, but they rarely have them together so I normally end up with one or the other. Both are delicious! They are generous with the toppings and everyone here is so nice and polite. The punch card is just the icing on the cake :)
5	love this place cause its one of the originals.staff always nice and hooks it up w big portions
4	The classic swirl is very good. The topping choices are limited compared to other places but the quality is there. Great yogurt overall and I will be returning.
4	We frequent this location often because the service is good and the yoghurt, well of course its good! Lots of flavors to choose from. However lately i would say the last year or so, the tables are always a mess and the floor looks unswept and dirty and lines can get long.  With a party of 7 we  had a pretty easy time finding a seat inside but chose to sit outside instead.  Plenty of room to talk and enjoy the weather and our yogurts.
5	I have been to Golden Spoons twice in my wonderful life. Yesterday, visit #2, was great. I am a big fan of the Cake Batter flavor and was pleased that it was there - I had a small and loved every bite. A great treat on a hot day. The worker was by herself and was most gracious when we (there was 7 of us) entered and tried samples. The portions are great and there are many toppings to select from.Golden Spoons will be on my list every time I visit Las Vegas; since I have family that lives there now - this will be more often I hope.
5	YUMMM! Sad that there wasn't graham cracker flavor when I was here but had the peanut butter and it was AMAZING. First of all, the way they serve it is BEAUTIFUL. It's perfectly swirled. Secondly, the flavors are amazing. I sampled a couple and it was really hard to make a decision but peanut butter is definitely my fave. Hoping they open more locations soon!
4	Love this place!!  Always Good yogurt, the only reason it not a 5 star rating is they dont keep the seating areas clean either inside or outside.
