4	When people say "quesadilla", too often it means a flour tortilla rolled around some inert cheese, and heated till drippingly sad.But here, a "quesadilla" is a big, crisp, bursting, flavor bomb - - a crunchy flavor delight.   The rich-corn-flavored tacos, too, are sumptious (great meats).   I took one of each to an early afternoon meeting last Friday, and if we could have harnessed the salivation at the surrounding tables, we could have solved the energy crisis using hydroelectric.This is a hidden gem  (just TRY to find it).   The flavors are bursting, the prices are wonderful,  and the staff are wholly accepting of people who might not be native, while still cranking out glorious things at fabulous prices that  local mex-chains (read: Pedros?!?) could never even conceive of.
5	Worth finding. Sure it's in the back of a poorly lit grocery store, but it's clean, inexpensive, fresh, and delicious. Grab a Coke from the fridge (the stuff w/ real sugar not corn syrup) or order a horchata. If you're a big eater, try one of the enormous tortas. It's a hot sandwich with your choice of breaded chicken, pork, or beef, topped with fresh tomatoes, avacados, lettuce, cheese, and mayo. Half of one and I'm stuffed.The little gorditas with chicharones are another favorite. A small tortilla, stuffed with spicy, crispy pork belly, deep fried, then stuffed with fresh cilantro, onion, and a little cheese.Or if you're adventurous, try something off of the menu in Spanish. They're happy to translate if you don't know what the items are.Definitely one of my local faves and you can visit all you want without breaking the bank.
5	Finally! A place with *real* Mexican food! I had a trio of tacos (chorizo, al pastor, and steak) while my wife had a steak quesadilla and chicken tostada. The tacos were incredible and authentic with fantastic meats, but the star was the quesadilla. Fried, stuffed with queso blanco, and just delicious. At any price this stuff was great, but considering how inexpensive it was I don't know if I'll ever go to another Mexican joint in town.
5	Amazing tacos-- most authentic in Madison. The steak taco is so good-- the quality of the meat is outstanding. My husband loved his crispy, fried chicken quesadilla. We were the only customers speaking English in the place, but everyone was friendly and helpful. Prices are really reasonable. If you don't have enough cash, the store in front of the restaurant takes debit and credit! Enjoy!
5	Once you walk through the doors you're transported to authentic Mexico.  In fact, this may be one of the most authentic restaurants in Madison.  The breaded chicken torta blew my mind.  Really, really good.  Its $8 and it can easily feed two people (I like to eat and I didn't dare finish it).  I haven't tried the tacos or the rest of the menu but the cooks look like the real deal.  The grocery store has a surprisingly huge array of meats in its deli.  They looked fresh and the prices were cheap.  I'm excited about this place.  You will be too.  Check it out.  I'll be back soon.
5	Both locations of Los Gemelos are great, the one on Odana is a lot more authentic in atmosphere, but they share the strength of great food.This is the type of place to go if you want no frills Mexican food at a low price.  If you're looking for an American-style restaurant and more streamlined food this is not the spot.  I personally love the more authentic venues like Los Gemelos because the food tastes amazing, the staff is friendly, and the atmosphere feels as if you are in Mexico.I really like the gorditas, tortas, and tacos, but honestly anything on the menu is pretty good.  The downtown location has ridiculously good chimichangas and the staff seemed slightly more attentive but that could have just been on the particular days I went in.  The Odana Rd location has a unique grocery store and usually futbol on TV, so that in my opinion is enough to recommend it first if you're deciding between the two.I'd say they are pretty much on par with Taqueria Guadalajara, but that restaurant still gets my vote for #1 Mexican restaurant in Madison.  Regardless, Gemelos is great and absolutely worth a visit.
5	Hidden in a small shopping center on Odana road - I thought it was just a grocery store. Little did I know, hidden more into the back is a restaurant! And, oh boy, is it worth it take a peek in there!My sister introduced me to this place after being told it was one of the most authentic Mexican restaurants in Madison.  You know it's authentic when you're the only English-speaking customer in there.  O-M-G and talk about the price is right. Our order came to around 18 bucks (with drinks!) and we really could have cut back on a few less tacos - probably making a regular meal here around 7 bucks each; still leaving you full and satisfied! Who can beat that? Their chile rellenos are my favorite - YUM! But they are only served on the weekends. Mmm...I would like to go there right about now.  Oh, and service is always so great! Enjoy - and thank you Tienda Los Gemelos for being there for me when my tummy needs you most!
4	I was first introduced to the concept of an awesome taqueria hidden behind a tienda in Portland, OR. There was a place in North Portland (Tienda Santa Cruz) that was a bakery, market and, in back, they cranked out gorgeous, inexpensive and unquestionably authentic stuff.S.U. and I were on an Sunday shopping trip deep into the soul-sucking vastness of West Odana malldom, it was lunchtime and I remembered hearing about the 'other' Gemelos. It turned out to be right next to the unmentionable dark place we were heading so ..let's eat.As advertised, we walked into a Mexican Tienda. It has a meat counter with fresh and prepared  beef and pork (al pastor by the pound for example), all the basics from housewares to spices and in the back a medium size restaurant. Booths and  tables. Sunday specials. We were the only obviously not-Latinos in the place. It was lunch so we didn't have much more than tacos and sopes. They came out fast, hot and delicious.They have Sunday specials and I tried to order barbacoa (lamb) but they were out. They also don't serve beer (sad face). I guess that's OK but, as we're told here in Wisconsin, in heaven they don't serve beer.
4	Having eaten (late night) at Los Gemelos on Gilman more times than I'd care to admit, I was really looking forward to coming out here.This location - not the easiest place to find - is tucked away in a strip mall off Odana Road, in the back of a little grocery store.  I didn't have much time to look around, but they had a meat counter with fresh and prepared goods as well as a decent selection of some other essentials.Anyway, on to the food. On my first visit, I was pretty sure that I had the best steak taco in Madison.  Since I was only pretty sure, I went back.  It was definitely the best steak taco in Madison and the pastor taco ranks a close second.  The prices are super reasonable, as any taqueria should be.  I noticed that they have some Sunday specials and I'm super pumped to go back and try those.
4	Get ready to chomp on some fabulous tacos my friends.  We got the steak tacos, after reading some Yelp reviews, and boy they were fab!Steak is sizzlin' good and super simple.  Tortilla, steak, cilantro, onion, finito. I also ordered a side of beans and rice, which were substantial and simply delicious as well.  Just a sprinkle of queso freso and that's all ya need!I'd give it 5 stars, but service is kind of horrendous.  Be persistent and patient because your $2 taco is worth it. Trust me!   P.S. bring your own cholula bottle b/c they only have hot sauce that's stellar hot for my taste.  Also, they're working on getting their liquor license, so I can't wait to get back there when I can sip on a Corona :)
4	This is indeed a hidden gem. I don't really care for the grocery store, but crawling all the way through to the back, you'll find a quiet and small restaurant. And boy can this small restaurant serve the most amazing and authentic Mexican dishes ever! And cheap, might I add! My first time at this place, I ordered 5 things on the menu, came out stuffed, and yearning to go back again. Whatever cheese they use must be fairy dust. Whatever taco shells and starch wrappings they use must be magical runes. Do not let the looks of Tienda Los Gemelos deceive you. Because if you do, you will surely miss out on the magic carpet ride.
5	5 star update!  This is, so far, my favorite place for tacos in Madison.  If you're looking for tasty, authentic Mexican eats this is the place to get it.  I went back a few times for lunch recently and left super satisfied. Here's how it goes:1) walk in, head straight back and grab a beverage from the cooler.  Mexican coke, anyone? 2) take a seat, any seat. And wait (sometimes a while) 3) place your order.  3 tacos: campechano*,  al pastor and steak4) eat5) pay. 6 bucks. That's some cheap eats, friends. I recommend eating in so you can try their amazing sauces in your tacos. Everything comes out fast, hot and fresh. Everything I've had here has been incredibly tastyService isn't the best, but the food is so tasty that I don't care.  When you're done eating, check out the store.  You'll find some housewares, spices, groceries and even some of the meat you just consumed. Pastor meat, get it. I still need to get out there on the weekend to try their specials.  Barbacoa, pozole, carnitas and chiles rellenos are a few that come to mind.  *the BEST taco in Madison. Chorizo and some crispy steak bits. Do yourself a favor and get this.
3	Definitely not one of my favorite restaurants. The chips were boring, the taste of the Chile Relano was nothing special. The service was OK and the prices were a bit high for what quality was received.
4	restaurant portion is tucked back beyond the store.  Seating is a lot more ample than I read elsewhere in a review.  Soda you do get from the cooler and may not be ice cold.  We waited to order from a waitress, and waited a short time. The wait for the bill was horrid! I don't think I have waited this long ever. I went up to pay versus take more from my day, they seemed startled that we were ready to go.The wait for food was not terrible long.  Food was good, but greasy; if that's what you like, then go for it. Cheese enchiladas were not filled too much, so lots of extra tortilla.  Place filled up with other diners around 2pm, I could tell they had been there before.  Not many options on the menu, but sometimes that is better!
4	Mexican street food at its best (makes you wonder why anyone would eat at Taco Bell, Laredo's, or any of those horrid other places where everything is slathered in grease and cheese...)  Just like many good Chinese restaurants are full of Chinese people and has servers that may or may not speak English, this place is the same way (just with Mexicans speaking Spanish).  This place has put me on a mission to try the other "real" Mexican places around town.  As others have noted, couple of oddities:(1) Get your drink from the cooler on the way back (though one time the waitress told us about a special drink they had that day that was not on the menu-- I forget what it was, but it was good!)(2) You can (now) pay with credit card at the restaurant (you used to have to go to the front counter) but you can't put a tip on the credit card (so, tips are cash only!)(3) Last couple of times I was there I'm not even sure they bring you your bill to the table-- so, when you're done, just go up and pay.One of my kids is a picky eater (to put it kindly) and they have "chicken nuggets" with fries that fits the bill for him (the nuggets were horrendous when I tried one, but my kid likes them, and also likes picking his drink out of the cooler....)  Both kids like the goofy Mexican sitcoms that are often playing (in Spanish) on the TVs.
5	Very authentic, delicious, great prices.
5	Note that, as per other reviews, this is hidden in the back of a grocery store. Very good tacos, with a very good price. Service can be a little slow, and ambience can be lacking, but you're not going to get 3 tacos of this quality for 6 bucks anywhere nearby. Also, they have solid Horchata so don't miss out on that!
5	Delicious food and great service! If you have a taste for tacos you should totally stop here first!
4	I love tacos, and I'm definitely coming back here for more. $2 a taco + no wait to sit down + pick your own drink from the grocery fridge + Mexican television in the background = pleasant afternoon. If you're going for tacos, I'd stick to the carne asada and al pastor. The chicken, even though covered with delicious cojita cheese, wasn't very flavorful. Even though there's plenty of room in the restaurant area and it's cool since you walk through the grocery store to get there, the atmosphere lacks a little - so you may not want to plan a romantic date at this Mexican grocery/restaurant. In that case, I'd recommend grabbing some cojita cheese and marinated beef from the deli to make those romantic tacos at home. Speaking of the grocery, it has some great items you won't normally find at other places, like Inka kola and tamarind soda. It seems a bit hit or miss though, but fun to look around. Nice selection of spices and candy.
4	Really enjoyed their tacos, but one order they forgot to add cheese to the gorditas and forgot my chips on one of my to-go orders.Definitely recommend the place though.
4	I've been to la tienda y la taqueria a few times now. The tacos are a must, along with the Mexican cokes and futbol jerseys. On my most recent visit, I was surprised to see they've expanded the dining room and added a bar. Unfortunately it was a work lunch, my name isn't Corey and I don't work for Yelp, so trying the micheladas isn't part of my job. Bummer. However, the torta milanesa was nonetheless intoxicating, beyond its bigger-than-my-face size and onto its tender, breaded and seasoned chicken, fresh avocados and tomatoes and lightly toasted roll. Perfect food-coma lunch. Probably a good thing I couldn't have that michelada after all. Go at a time you can get both.
5	You really can't go wrong with anything you order here. From tacos to tortas, everything is excellent. They are very consistent in taste and quality, and as a result, I highly recommend Los Gemelos to anyone looking to quell their appetite for Mexican cuisine!
5	Having grown up in Texas and then lived my adult life in California, I was skeptical about finding good Mexican food in Wisconsin. I tried this little gem out today and was blown away! Not only is it adorably quaint inside, but our server couldn't have been sweeter. She made guacamole for me on the spot, even though they don't typically even serve it on the menu. The tacos were amazing and everything was so fresh. They will definitely be seeing me on a weekly basis!
5	When I moved to Madison I was disappointed at the lack of real Mexican food, until I found Gemelos.  The restaurant is great, and so is the tienda.  I highly recommend the quesadillas compechano, the sopes, gorditas, or the pozole!
4	Sopes Pastor, yum.Totally delicious marinated pork with Mexican cheese, lettuce , tomato and avocado. Very filling for $3.50. Mango Jarritos soda, a real treat. Next time I will eat a burrito. Looked large and the one sopes was plenty.Rustic but comfortable. Mexican TV in the background. Restaurant portion of store hidden in the back.  Tricky strip mall to find. Worth the effort.5 star food, 4 star ambiance and service.
4	My son got the Pechuga ala Plancha which was amazing.  My daughter had a quesadilla which she really liked. The meat in my tacos was tasty but very dry, making them a little tough to eat. My margarita and side order of guacamole was also good.I've been in Madison over twelve years and never knew this place was rucked back here. I will be back.
5	My kids and I eat here four times a week! The Place is warm and Inviting place. We love to come here. The food is always freshly cooked and very good. We love Los Gelemos! Everyone should give it a try!
4	Eep I ate WAY too much.. ordered a sope, a quesadilla, and a tostada. I will agree with everyone here that the food here is quite authentic, tasty, and affordable. What I loved:- Super fresh toppings- loved the cheese, tomatoes were juicy and not soggy, avocado was wonderful!- Extremely affordable and a ton of food!- Lots of space to hang out if eating in- AMAZING packaging for take-out. I was worried my experience would be compromised because I was ordering for take out.. the package it so nicely that it is still able to stay fresh!What I ordered:- Tostada al pastor: was a little on the salty/heavier side, but I can see this dish being very enjoyable for someone who likes flavor. Also, Pastor may potentially taste better in a taco or another dish with more wheat to meat ratio- Sope (for those who don't know, some explain it as a "Mexican pizza") campechano was also delish- very fresh avocado and really nicely prepped- Quesadilla with potatoes and chorizo - Yummy! Flavorful! :) .. A little less "interesting" in terms of the mixture of flavors compared to the other dishes, but I really liked the crispiness of the quesadilla. Will be trying this with other fillings next time!This is my personal preference, but I felt that the sope and tostada were a little on the dryer/tougher side for me- It was crispy but a little too hard and just wasn't my cup of tea, so I plan to be ordering tacos next time.Overall, great staff, yummy food. Had my dishes complemented with some yummy green sauce :) .. I guarantee you will be full! I was pushing it with three entrees.. probably will go with two tacos or one larger dish next time...
4	I had the chicken enchilada with their home-made green sauce.  I loved the slices of fresh avocados on top.  Everything was very tasty and fresh.  I would also go with a 5 star food and 4 star ambiance and service.  The menu was less than informative. It is located towards the back of a mini-mall located perpendicular to Odana road. So, not really easy to find.  As you walk through the Mexican grocery story, you browse the beverages of your choice and take them to the table with you. I do plan on returning soon.
5	Hands down the best mexican food in madison. It's tucked away in the back of a small grocery store at the end of a strip mall on Odana and everything on the menu is under 10 bucks, but everything is freshly made and the flavor is just phenomenal. I highly recommend taking the time to scout this place out!
4	Very good authentic Mexican.Location is sketchy AF and the diner/dining space ratio is also sketchy. Why it's so spacious beats me absolutely senseless. I have never seen more than 6 or so other tables dining in the 8+ times I've been here.Other things sketchy about it is the atmosphere; eating in the back of a grocery store with quiet Mexican music in the background in an environment with almost zero noise. The water has been served to me in a pepsi cup, and even in a plain red plastic party cup that you would normally fill beer with. Yup.The chips are also inconsistent. Sometimes they're multicolored, sometimes they're freshly fried; sometimes you don't even get any unless you ask.But where's the fun in it if you know what you're going to get every time? I love hole-in-the-walls for a reason. Anyway.If you speak even a little Spanish like me, use this as a chance to practice your Spanish! They find it amusing and will create a fun, comfortable atmosphere.Contrary to what other people have said, IMO you CAN go wrong with the menu. Here's what I've tried:-----Tacos are good, but not mindblowing. I don't get why these are the most hyped thing on the menu.Tortas are awesome. Lots of flavor. I love the milanesa and steak tortas.Quesadillas are really good. Crispy, great cheese, and go swimmingly with a squirt of one of those salsas every couple bites. Pastor was really nice on this one.The gordita was meh. Not really a fan. If there was no salsa, that thing would've just been bland.The sopes and tostadas are nice too. They're loaded with meat and other toppings, and they go great with or without the salsas.I would stay away from any of the plates. I've had one (I forget, it was some steak platter), and it was pretty mediocre. My friend came here with me for the first time and left regretting his decision after ordering one of the plates. One time I remembering ordering the chicken fajita special and it was very underwhelming for the $10 price we paid.Actually, my advice is to stay away from chicken here in general. Just don't get it. It's just so much worse than the pastor, chorizo, and steak. When I go to Chipotle/Qdoba I always get chicken because it's way better than the other options, but the chicken here doesn't even beat fast food chain chicken for some weird reason.Pambaso was not impressive. It's basically all starch. It's kind of like two giant pieces of spicy garlic bread with a potato and some chorizo residue mix slapped in between them. It tasted authentic for sure, but authentic does not always translate to tasty, contrary to popular belief.-----Anyways, Tienda Los Gemelos is kind of a mixed bag. They have a lot of good, tasty stuff, but some of their items are definitely underwhelming. Regardless, you'll definitely, definitely enjoy at least a few things there.Go. It's cheap, authentic Mexican.
4	Stopped in because I was in the area. The service here is very attentive and the food is truly authentic and definitely 'muy bien'.  I had a pollo and al pastor taco with a steak gordito. All of it was gone within minutes. The salsa is home made and probably one of my favorite parts of the meal!
3	Had planned to hit La Mestiza on Monday night, but... surprise! La Mestiza is closed on Mondays. So, we drove a block or so to the Odana Road Tienda Los Gemelos. Time: 7:30pm.+ Still located within the grocery store+ Looks like they recently expanded; there is a *ton* of seating that wasn't here when I last visited in 2012.+ Tables, booths, etc - all are updated, and there's also a new little bar area+ Nice selection of Mexican brews, including Micheladas+ Reasonable pricing on drinks+ Perfect menu. Not overwhelming; covers the staples and does so well+ Reasonable prices+ 3 tacos: $6. Went with steak, pastor, and chicken. Shockingly, the chicken was the best of the bunch. The steak had a nice sear, but was under-seasoned. The pastor was chewy and largely bland. The chicken was excellent.- Tri-color chips (red, green, white) were a bit stale and from a bag+ Salsa was delicious, as were the two complimentary hot sauces (tomatillo and chipotle)- Service. It was prompt initially, but then we never saw our server (or anyone) afterward. It would've been nice to grab a refill of drinks, but despite standing at the cash register for a few minutes, we couldn't flag anyone down for help. We never received a check; we had to go to the front of the grocery store, find someone working there, explain to them that we needed to pay, and then waited while she went and got someone from the kitchen to help us close out. They're open until 9pm, but we didn't see a soul after 7:45pm... not sure what was going on. So, while it's good, it's not great. I'd much prefer La Mestiza on any given day.
1	I honestly don't know where the 4.5 stars came from. This place wasn't that great. l always start out with steak tacos, if a place has can prepare good tacos then its other plates are worth a try. The tacos were mediocre, they weren't delicious nor inedible. The steak was cut in too large of pieces, the seasoning was never added, the salsa was watered down and flavorless. I wasn't full so I processed to order enchiladas. I had two bites no more, there is a handful of other places to go to for better mexican food.
2	Had lunch at Los Gemelos, the one off of Odana Rd. It is located in the back of the Mexican grocery store. The menu is small, which is fine, the prices are decent. The chips and salsa were terrible, I hate to say that, but they were. The salsa comes out to you in squirt bottles, you are just supposed to squirt it all over the basket of chips I guess. The salsa is pretty spicy, I didn't care for it. I ordered a steak taco, it was edible, the ingredients seemed fresh, but it was so bland and dry, I squirted the lime on it, and put some of the salsa on it also. I also ordered the chicken quesadilla, again, bland, no flavor whatsoever, greasy fried corn breading fill with flavorless chicken, boring cheese and lettuce. My husband ordered the chili relleno plate with rice & beans, it also came out with some corn tortillas, he wasn't very impressed, he said the same thing, it was just bland. I think we will stick to Taqueria Guadalajara on Park St. I wanted to love this place, darn it.
4	The food here was yummy. I found this thanks to the YELP app and my inlaws and I went here to grab a quick bite after some shopping. The menu had some very different looking items than the typical mexican eatery I have dined before. My husband had something called a PAMBAZO. It was wonderful goodness. My phone died so I was unable to take a picture after checking in but Pambazo is a type of bread. It was sliced into two and it was filled with papas con chorizo (potatoes with chorizo), shredded lettuce, salsa, crema and queso fresco. I wish my phone did not die because a picture would just make the description pop. I recommend this place to anyone wanted to try some different dishes.
2	I've been on a major taco kick lately, and while the tacos here are fine, it's the sum of the experience that results in the 2-star review. I'd say I've dined-in here for lunch/dinner at least 10-times since my earlier review.- Chips are horrendous+ Salsa is ok - nice, steady heat, but oh so watery+ Campechano tacos are outstanding (steak + chorizo mix)+ Great tortillas+ Generous amounts of cilantro and onion with the tacos (yay!)+ Steak and pastor = excellent- Chicken = usually dry- Service is so spotty, Dalmatians, Cheetahs, and Leopards get jealous. The servers immediately drop off chips/salsa and then want to take your order *on the spot*. After they take your order, your food will arrive quickly, and you'll never see anyone, ever again, until you need to pay your tab. It's bizarre. Need some more water? Need a fork? Need another taco? Good luck. You're on your own.- They reverted to the "get your own drinks from the cooler in the grocery store" service. Which is fine, but... all of the beers require a bottle opener... and the servers are no where to be found, so after you hike over to grab your own beer, you wind-up sitting for a while, staring at your beer, hoping someone will come by to provide an opener. - The return to the "get your own drinks" started this week (12/29). I was there three days ago, and they served drinks without sending anyone to the cooler. When I asked why there was the shift, they said, "We have never served drinks to the tables - you always have to get yours." I argued (lightly) for a bit about past experiences, but then they pulled the, "Sorry, I don't understand" act. Ugh.- If you order a Michelada (beer + tomato juice and hot sauce), they'll serve it to you... this makes zero sense to me.So, why am I complaining about the beer thing? Because it's not clear who to pay for your drinks... the beer comes from a cooler in the grocery store; the food comes from the little restaurant area. When I went to pay for my dinner, there was much confusion about how I needed to pay for the beer... it took a solid 5-minutes to get out of there today... Factor in the time spent staring (longingly) at said beer while waiting for an opener, and I'm left a bit sour on this place. They eventually determined I needed to pay them for the drink, but crikey. What a mess.Not sure I'll be back as often or as soon as I have been.
5	Excellent food and very inexpensive.  Highly recommended.
