3	Important: All day breakfast. Which we made good use of yesterday at 6pm when my friend James woke up from an epic sleep free weekend and needed eggs and homefries and a big fat Italian sausage to make everything ok. Bonus for me: licensed. Very cute friendly staff. And a homemade herb pizza dough, just thin and savoury enough to offset the December rain. The place was empty, dim and cozy when we got there and a few cute couples and families from the area trickled in behind us. The place is full of healthy looking plants which always makes me feel well cared for, and it's quirky-lovingly decorated with that uniquely Quebecois flair. The bathroom is painted like a forest! There is a bit of an off-putting smell down there, which is the only reason this review isn't 4 stars. I am a fan of this local place, and I miss them when they close for seemingly random and extended vacations (but I love that they do this - just adds to the overall feeling of "we do what we want!" which I can't help but adore and respect.)
4	I've been here 5 times since I moved to Montreal a month ago. I first stumbled upon the place with a friend when on our way to Jean Talon market one morning. Since then I keep returning. I've had breakfast, lunch, dinner, coffee and attended an evening Jazz concert there so far. I've been there when it's full and when it's nearly empty. Both offer different yet positive experiences. The service is consistently friendly and excellent, the food is well priced and delicious. The bathrooms are clean and designed in an interesting way. The art being sold on the wall is interesting, the music is good too. The crowd is always really diverse and is of all ages. But essentially I keep coming back for the extremely friendly and talkative staff who feel more like friends than people bringing you your food. Probably my favourite cafe so far in Montreal. Places like this make certain cities stand out from the crowd.
5	I finally committed a Yelper faux pas and ate dinner at this place three days in a row during an extended weekend in Montreal.  Order the 'La Carnivore' omelette and you'll never eat anywhere else. Thierre was friendly and personable and one evening when they ran out of whole wheat baguettes, the owner herself (Martine) came out and apologized and offered other options. Fast service, friendly staff, cool decor. The only complaint I have is that you should probably watch your head going downstairs or coming upstairs from the bathrooms... only one direction has padding.
