5	I had lunch at The House at Secret Garden during their opening week. The atmosphere was comfortable and the patio was so pretty. Despite the fact that there was a large group just ahead of us, the service was seemless, and our order came out quickly. The food was delish! I wasn't sure at first about the beet salad, but it came highly recommended, to my surprise it was a perfect combination of sweet and savory topped with a honey based dressing and fresh goat cheese. We also ordered polenta fries because they came with aoli, which was awesome. Then we finished with puddin' and pie for dessert, yum! After the first visit, my husband and I are talking about having our anniversary party there.
4	We always loved going to lunch or dinner at the Vintage Market (Secret Garden) on Baseline and were sad to see it close. Lucky for us it has reopen with new management (the same folks that started The Farm and currently are still involved in The Kitchen - the restaurant that serves lunch at The Farm). It's now called The House at Secret Garden. The menu is completely different from the Vintage Market, but looks very good. I had the seasonal pasta, pumpkin ravioli, which was sumptuous, although the portion was pretty small ($14). I could of eaten twice as much. All sides are ala cart and no bread was served with my pasta. Although I when I asked for some bread they did bring some out for no cost. My husband had Potato and Leek Soup ($6), an Irish Bacon Cheese Burger ($10) and Golden Polenta Fries with House Dipping Aioli ($4.5). He said it was one of the best burgers he has ever had. This building/location is hidden gem in South Phoenix. The restaurant is inside of a restored house with a lovey outdoor patio.
5	Great atmosphere, great food. I had the pasta with butternut squash. it was one of the most delicious things I have ever had.
5	Ten of us spread out into a semi-private room at The House last night for dinner and then made our way out back to the Urban Barn for a little live jazz/blues from Paris James. What a cool place! There are 3 distinct atmospheres to enjoy: the historic spanish mansion with wood floors and a full menu; the chic urban barn out back; and a cozy fire lit alfresco dining patio separating the two. Besides being a sucker for restaurants in old houses, the menu was spot on. With words like "maya's farm, mcclendon farms, queen creek olive mill, homemade pasta, seasonal vegetables and Tracy Dempsey" you can't go wrong. Everything was excellent but there were several dishes worth an extra mention. The sweet potato planks were not your typical deep-fried plank.  These were round, perfectly cooked creamy sweetness with crisp pancetta wheels on top. The grilled bread served with the mussels and the artisan cheese plate actually tasted grilled. So often you get the grill marks but not the taste.  Not so here. The seasonal salad was super fresh and full of veggie goodness, including crisp slices of watermelon radish. The best of all though, sure to be my newest craving food, was the handmade papardelle pasta with local fennel sausage and pecorino cheese. It couldn't have been better.  Perfectly cooked and seasoned, it melted in my mouth.  If nothing else, go for apps and drinks.  The cocktail menu is eclectic and fun. Again, when you mix booze with ingredients like basil, cucumber, cactus, rosemary, figs and pear, what could go wrong? Nothing, in my book.Where we went wrong was by not ordering dessert. Local pastry chef, baker and candy maker Tracy Dempsey's desserts would have been a perfect end if we weren't so full.  On a side note, pick up some of her bacon brittle wherever you can get it. And her homemade marshmallows and caramels are insanely good. If you don't eat them all yourself, they make ideal hostess gifts.After dinner we joined a lively group in the Urban Barn for music by Paris James. We met co-owner Pat Christofolo (Santa Barbara Catering and The Farm Kitchen at South Mountain) and her husband Greg (we call him George).They hung out and talked food with us and we had a great time. Bottles of wine were 1/2 price - Score! - and we were especially excited to see a well-conceived wine list complete with AZ winemaker Sam Pillsbury's '08 Red Roan (hard to get if you even can) and Foxen's Pinot Noir.  Great job, guys.  Keep it up!
5	Outstanding local restaurant.  Really enjoyed the "Hand Made" Papardelle.  The pasta was fantastic and the back patio with fireplace was very inviting and relaxing.  Would welcome an opportunity to come back.
5	Cozy and romantic atmosphere, great service. Food was excellent, as was the happy hour. Will definitely be back there for many visits.
5	LOVED our experience here...went on NYE day for a fun lunch (I had to work that night so we celebrated during the day) but it was so freaking good!!!!!!!!! me and the BF shared the beet salad which was so good and you could tell everything was fresh.  BF got the briskett sandwich and I got the sliders-bother were over the top good and we couldn't get over their sweet potato chip things-not a fry but not a chip either but SOOOO good.  I would totoally recommend this place to anyone who appreciates food and loves a fun and different atmosphere....Enjoy!
5	Wow...  fantastic food.  The Chef does an amazing job utilizing local produce for (almost) all the dishes.  I have been several times over the last month and have yet to try anything on the menu that was not outstanding.  So far my favorites are the roasted vegetable appetizer, and the amazing smoked brisket.Next on my list is to try their daily homemade pasta.  Each of the last two times there others in our party ordered it before I got a chance to, so I picked something else to try.With the weather getting so nice the outdoor patio seating is going to fantastic too.Make reservations on Friday and Saturday night.  Other nights walking in has been fine.
2	i went to a really nice event put on by slow food phoenix here. the menu was limited that night, so i wanted to come back and try more things. the grounds are so lovely, so my husband and i came back one week later for our 8 year wedding anniversary.it was a tuesday night and we walked into the main dining room where the bartender and two servers were busily chatting behind the bar. we stood there for a minute not knowing if we were intruding or used the wrong entrance. so i leisurely walked to the back patio and was met by one of the servers (who was previously ignoring us) about a minute later. she then decided to seat us. to our luck, she also was our server.She forgot a portion of our order, was totally distracted and didn't really pay any attention to us. we had to flag her down to order more drinks. we ordered a cheese plate and some drinks. the cheese was great and the wine was a good value at $3 for a 3 oz. pour. we also ordered some fried polenta which was far too greasy and mostly flavorless. instead of flagging her down again to order entrees, we decided to try out another restaurant for actual dinner. it was really disappointing because i fully support what they are doing - using local ingredients and offering a seasonal menu, it's just that we had a bad experience. i'm not sure i'm willing to try again considering the prices and this experience. i know our server may have just been having an off night - but that's really what can make or break a good meal.
4	This place was a little far for me but well worth it!  The location is really beautiful as it is set in an old Spanish mansion and there is even a garden and venue for weddings.  The element that intrigued me the most was that the Chef uses local, fresh, farm-to-table ingredients.  We started with the cheese board with dates, raisins and walnuts.  I ordered the pasta which was house-made and very tasty.  Everything that I tried from the people I went with were all very good and tasted so fresh.  The one element that stood out more than the food was the service.  Our server was extremely attentive and helpful.  She was proactive rather than re-active which is a rare quality these days. My family and I were highly impressed and will be back again soon!
2	I've been to The House a couple of times now and the food and drinks are good, however the hostess is just down right rude and needs to find a new job where she doesn't work around people. The smell of the gardens are great but the last time I was there, sitting outside was a mistake because of the garbage smell coming from the dumpster. It ruined the taste of the appetizers we had so we left and went somewhere else for dinner because we couldn't handle the smell anymore. A new hostess and a move of the dumpster is a must if this place wants to charge as much as they do for food and drinks.
5	Fabulous food! great ambiance. cant wait to go again for my birthday.
3	This is a wonderful place for happy hour on a warm evening.  The patio is so pretty, and they have a nice selection of appetizers, wine and cocktails at reasonable prices. For food, their pulled pork sliders are the best value on the menu - 3 sliders for $5. I had dinner here once, and I was not too impressed. The pasta of the day was butternut squash ravioli, and I couldn't resist. But I was having serious buyer's remorse when my $16 plate showed up with 5 raviolis. I'm okay with a small, expensive plate when the food is amazing, but this really wasn't.  That was about two weeks after they opened, so maybe they were still figuring things out... I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.
5	The House at Secret Garden put on an incredible feast for us on New Year's Eve last year.  After booking our reservation, we kept asking around if people knew of this restaurant and no one had ever heard of it (which is why we were so pleasantly surprised by the caliber of food and service).  It was a little hard to find, but once we pulled in the correct entryway (looks kind of like the entrance to a gated community), the grounds were really enchanting.  To park, you pull around a garden in the back where they grow vegetables and herbs to sustain their operation.  Just looking at the menu, it's clear that the kitchen has a strong grasp on balance and creativity.  But then, to top it off, every dish was cooked to perfection.  Even a couple months later, the flavors are so vivid in my memory.  Soup, salad, and scallops, steak and cake.  Mmm mmm mmm mm mm.  The House at Secret Garden is out-of-this-world fantastic.  Needless to say, this restaurant has secured a spot near the top of our list of restaurants to visit when we're in Arizona.  We will be back.
2	Great vibe and location for we S. Phx folk, but ye gods, beware ordering a "house Cabernet" during Happy Hour - $12 a GLASS!  For happy hour house wine?  Are you kidding?  The hhr food is a great deal, we'll be ordering beer next time.. phew.  Caveat emptor.  Bring a high limit credit card.
4	The seasonal veggie sandwich was incredible. Roasted carrots, green, caramelized red onion, pumpkins seeds and feta cheese on an exquisite bread. It was served with Sweet Potato chips that were a little too greasy and salty, but I guess that is what made me eat every last one. Mmmmmmmm Their dessert menu was very tempting, but my resolve was strong. I would love to come back in the evening for a nice evening with my wife.
2	went to House during Restaurant Week and in celebration of our 22nd wedding anniversary. the whole visit started out weird when we walked in and weren't greeted. there is no one in the front room, you then have to walk through a "bar" room with a ton of empty tables. bartender was busy chatting it up with waitress to say hi. we found the host station only to be ignored by a host who obviously cannot multitask. after standing around awkwardly for about 5 minutes, we were "greeted" (stared at until we said something). we requested to sit outside, but given that it was our anniversary, we would appreciate a table not right next to the family with the baby.  we were told "i'll try, but it won't bite."  swell.we were placed at a lovely table (away from the baby as one could get, but it's a small patio...and the parents seem oblivious to the wails) that had misters pointing right at us from the ground. surprised the plants weren't frostbit, as we had to continuously move our legs they were so cold. our waitress informed us that for restaurant week, the whole table either had to do it, or not, which we found odd since none of the RW offerings, were unique...they were just off the menu. as my husband wanted the mussels app, we decided to go with the regular menu, even though i ate 2 of the three courses from the RW menu and paid extravagantly more than the RW menu.we ordered two glasses of prosecco (no offer of on the house due to our celebration, but that's okay..even though every other restaurant we've ever eaten at for our anniversary has offered that up) and commenced on our apps. i had the pork belly with dried figs and pistachios. some bites were great, some were lackluster. it didn't have the fatty quality that i adore in pork belly...in fact, some parts were downright dry. and the serving size was huge...it could have been a main course for many.hubby has osso bucco which he enjoyed. i had a butternut squash ravioli with pesto which was decent, but nothing out of the ordinary at all. we ordered polenta fries with aioli, and when we reminded our waitress, it was obvious she or the kitchen forgot...we waited another 10 plus minutes for the kitchen to make them.  they were outstanding.desserts were okay....some great ice cream from a local place, and some fig ricotta beignets with three dipping sauces.  the beignets were a bit dry, but the toppings were great.had to wait forever for our check, and then to get it taken care of. there were many delays between courses and refills of water glass, and waitress smelled of obvious cigarette smoke on her returns. guess we were second-place to her ciggie breaks. on the way out, there were no thank yous...just another stare from the one thing at a time host....guess he was busy holding the door open for us so he couldn't say anything....
5	My girlfriend and I stopped to have lunch here a few months ago. The name "The House at Secret Garden" says it all. The location is a beautful secluded house with intimate and pleasant landscaped surroundings. I ordered the roasted cauliflower soup and she ordered the grilled chicken with salad. The soup was really delicious and her chicken smelled heavenly. We both finished our meals and then headed outside to walk into the "secret garden." We sat in a shaded grass area in between the tall trees and chatted. We enjoyed our time there, the food and scenery were great, so we both agreed we would eventually come back.
4	Went here for Happy Hour yesterday after a friend passed by so many times, and was definitely pleased! The thin sweet potato fries were so full of flavor, the polenta plants were quite tasty, too. Both cocktails we had were also good, and a bit unique! I really liked the selection, and its a great place for some of the more vegan sort, with options for us meat eaters, too. Service = fantastic.
4	Great food, good service, not especially pricy for what you are getting.  My only real complaint is that it took a while to be noticed when walking into the restaurant.  They could really use to have a host on staff
5	What an atmosphere! The house is beautiful and the surrounding garden is the perfect backdrop if not the focal point. I ate the brisket sandwich and sweet potato, chips? I am not sure what they are called but I couldn't get enough. Everyone at our table wanted a second taste. When I am back in town I will definately visit to get my fix of your sweet potato crack, I mean chips. Thank you for a wonderful culinary experience.
5	I feel like less of a person for being a resident of the South Mountain community and having eaten at the Secret Garden for the first time last night.    My friends took me here for a  birthday dinner......they had made reservations and had a table set up for our group that seated us comfortably.  The service was IMPECCABLE and the food.....oh the food.....was so ridiculously good that I have no words.   I'm sad that there were only two other tables in there the entire time that we were there, for  a total of four more people.    This place is easily the best restaurant on the south side of Phoenix...potentially to include downtown.   Frankly, this made for an even bettter experience for my group - but I don't want this place to close.Highly recommended.  A+.   Go.
3	Fresh food is always in the recipe. I thought there would be more vegetarian fare but I was mistaken; most menu items had meat. While the portions were small, the taste was very large. I would go back but only if my vegetarian choices were expanded.
5	We went here Saturday to celebrate a birthday. My friends had never heard of this restaurant and by the time we were ready to go we were all talking about coming here again. It is a nice old house turned restaurant. We were seated in a back room with only two other small groups. It was quiet and perfect. The food was absolutely amazing. We will definitely come back. I can't wait to use their outdoor patio (looked fun with a fireplace).
5	So glad to have experienced The House at Secret Garden. How have I not made the journey to this place before? Awesome location, great ambiance, amazing service, and fabulous food. Well worth the drive from North Phoenix. I would highly recommend this restaurant. Was here for the first time because of Phoenix Restaurant week. Check it out. :)
5	What a beautiful place, that I had no idea existed. Thanks to restaurant week and Quiessence being booked we decided on this lovely place for our 4th anniversary. The atmosphere is quite wonderful. I couldn't believe the old rustic barn (that they hold events in) was so charming. They have little white lights everywhere outside, making it quite enchanting. They have indoor and outdoor seating (no misters for the hot months).The service was very good. Not too "in your face" and there was no searching for our waitress for drink refills, etc. A+The food was really good. We are not usually big on the fancy-smancy food of more upscale restaurants, but we were both pleasantly surprised by the quality and flavor of the food. I had the Serrano tortilla soup - VERY good, but a bit spicy so beware. I loved it. My husband ate the trout and beet salad and he thought it was good - but a little out of his normal comfort zone for flavors. We both enjoyed the Brazino (Sea Bass) in saffron broth. That was good - not outstanding but still quite tasty. It was followed up with some sort of corn cakes, goat milk ice cream and chili infused whip cream. That was probably the best part of the meal. I was weary of the goat milk ice cream, but it was DELICIOUS and from a local farm in Glendale.Definitely try this place out for a special evening, when you can comfortably sit outside and enjoy the superb ambiance. No kiddos please (I say this as a parent, as I think it will be way more fun for them to explore the grounds than sit quietly and eat not so kid friendly food)
4	It's been a while since I ate here and I don't remember exactly what I had, but I remember it being delicious. And the setting sitting outside in the evening was absolutely beautiful. Look forward to returning so I can write a better review!
2	Not very good service. Orders came out wrong. Waited a long time for a glass for my beer.  Waited too long for ketchup. Mistakes on check.
4	Some of my nearest and dearest took me for dinner last night....we had planned on sitting outside but the weather had other plans!  After spending some time at the bar, we moved into the main dining room and started perusing the menu.  We ordered apps.  Polenta fries with a yummy sauce and spinach sauteed with pancetta and onion (my favorite!).  Entrees were shrimp and grits, duck breast, and an heirloom vegetable sampler.  All of them were really good, as was the squash soup.  We ordered dessert....sweet potato cake, chocolate cake, apple pie, and bread pudding.  The staff was great, a huge improvement over previous experiences.  All in all, it was a great night!This place has great ambiance and a good staff...the only things I would change is the dessert lineup.  It could be more innovative, in my opinion.
5	We had a wonderful lunch on a Saturday afternoon that was absolutely perfect!  Great staff and no crowds, so we enjoyed a quiet lunch indoors.I tried the Smoked Trout Salad w/ goat cheese and a delicious balsamic dressing. My friend had the Brisket Sandwich on toasted bread with onions & peppers. We also split an order of their Polenta Cheese Fries that were quite tasty with their accompanied sauce.  Everything was delicious and very fresh. If I had more of an appetite I would have definitely tried the Cauliflower Soup, it sounded wonderful!  You can tell the Chef takes great pains to make sure every dish is perfectly prepared and top notch.The indoor seating is as delightful as the outdoor tables. I can't believe I hadn't found this little gem before! It would be a great spot for a large group as well as an intimate meal.Thank you, The House at Secret Garden
4	The House at the Secret Garden is a tri-fecta of REALLY goodness.Good Food: Farm to Table purchased often & locally.Good Atmosphere: 1929 Spanish Style Mansion on surreal wedding grounds.Good Service: unpretentious & genuine.I have been there several times & highly recommend the seasonal sandwich, brisket sandwich & field green salad (add Chicken).
2	This was my second visit to the HSG. The first time I went for Blues In The Barn. The entertainment was my favorite local bluesman, Paris James. The barn was very cold and the servers insisted on leaving the doors open. Service was slow and the menu was limited, not the same as in the main restaurant. But the entertainment was wonderful.When a friend suggested going for dinner I was interested to try some items from the full menu. I arrived early, not knowing how bad the traffic would be. It was 15 minutes before the restaurant opening time. The door was unlocked so I went inside, stated that I realized I was early, but would it be ok to just get a glass of wine and hang out until my dinner companion arrived. I was told "no" in no uncertain terms, so I went back outside to wait. Strike 1.When my friend arrived she asked for a cocktail not on the menu and was told that they didn't know how to make it and wouldn't guarantee it would be any good, Strike 2. As an appetizer we had the polenta fries, which were crispy and tasty with a zesty chile aoli.For my entree I had the veggie trio. The presentation was beautiful. The portions were miniscule. For $16 I got 4 small slices of beets, a tiny tasting cup of delicious soup with toasted hazelnuts on top, and one arancini (fried risotto ball) with a tiny carafe of tomato sauce. The arancini was yummy and crisp on the outside and moist and flavorful on the inside. The beets were also flavorful. In spite of having only three filled tables, service by two waiters and a wine steward was snail-like all through the meal, becoming surly when we asked for a coffee and a hot tea after dinner. We were never offered water, coffee or tea refills. Strike 3. All in all, I will not be going back to HSG. I enjoyed the food, but the surly, slow service coupled with the expensive menu items make this spot a poor value in spite of the lovely old house and charming patio in which the restaurant is situated.
1	I had Vday dinner here last night, and was not happy at all.  The food was cold and under expectation.  The service was disappointing, the food was cold, and the wine selections were poor.  20% tip was included, which is ok, except the service was terrible.  However, why should the service be exceptional when it is an automatic add on?  Since there was an automatic tip add on, the staff should step it up and justify that their tip was well derserved.  Between my bf and I, we each try an option on their pre-fixed menu.  Our first course was salad and soup, which was ok.  Secound course was fancy rice w brocolli (which is rice), and my bf had pork-belly (which is two slices of lard), eat it if you want to clog up your artery (both dishes were served cold and we waited at least 30 minutes per plate).  Third was pan seared scallops, which smelled fishy and served cold after 40 minute wait time.  Then there was new york steak, which is not served hot, not tender and filled with chewy sections.  Fourth was the dessert, which i have to eat a lot of because I was still hungry forcing myself to eat all the terrible courses listed above.  To point out why it was a bad experience, the place wanted to charged customers each $60 for a four course, and an automatic 20% tip on top of your total bill.  The fact that I am complaining about the price is because the food selection was not up to par, nothing was fresh or served in its appropriate temperature.  We had to wait for our replacement of forks and knieves between courses even after they brought out luke warm.  Nothing about our experience was impressive, perhap The House at Secret Garden should focus on excellent service, best selected produce & poultry before charging so much for mediocre quality in food and terrible service.  This experience definitely ruined my V day and will never come back.  I literally was robbed, feel that the wait for service and food was not worth it.  Cafe Monarch, Mastro at Ocean Club are better options.  True Food would have done better then The House at Secret Garden.  In addition, wine selection was crap.  We paid $210 and know for a fact that we will never ever return.  Dislike this place so much, I spend my wed morning to inform people who has higher expectation to avaoid such tragic.
5	I have nothing bad to say about this place. Absolutely nothing. Went here for my birthday yesterday afternoon with my family. Based on the location I was unsure of what it would look like, but it was just beautiful. They seated us in a quiet cozy corner in the back of the restaurant. Started off with the Golden Polenta Fries which were AMAZING. They came out piping hot and cutely displayed. The spicy aioli sauce paired perfectly with it! Extremely tasty. I ordered the grilled chicken salad, which was also displayed very nicely. Dates, goat cheese, nuts...a great mixture of flavors. The service was very friendly and polite. It was really a treat on such a lovely day in Phoenix. Would love to go back again and try some of the other items. Truly a gem of a restaurant in South Phoenix.
1	Yikes.   Don't think I'll go back.   Beautiful place.  Way over priced.Service:   Slowest service ever.  Took forever to get our appetizers ( cheese plate and sweet potato planks).   Waiter did not come to get our entree order til we were done eating. We just asked for the check instead.  Never check on how food was.  Said he was bringing water, never did. There was hardly any body there and to be that slow is ridiculous. Food: The sweet potato planks were pretty good. Cheese plate came with bread which was grilled. The bread ruined the cheese, I could only taste the grill taste.
5	My second time here and once again not disappointed. Sat on the patio this time since it was a beautiful Spring day! My sister and I split the grilled romaine salad and ham and cheese sandwich. Service was great and it was just such a nice experience. Take a few minutes to walk around the grounds. Can't wait to come back!
1	second time to hsg. first time was ok, thought we'd try it again. my step-daughter loved the shrimp and grits the first time so we went back for that specifically. get there, no reservation on a monday night, no joke, the restaurant is maybe, maybe 1/2 full. said 20-30 minute wait. they seemed surprised we didn't have a reservation. last time we were there, on a monday, they had fewer tables than this evening. when it's time to order my step-daughter orders the shrimp and grits. probably the highlight of the meal was that before the waiter made it to the kitchen we found out they were out. so we order our salads and mull over what she would like next. salads finally show, they're ok. so she orders the fried aracini with tomato sauce. guess what, they're out of that too. so, now she's trying to come up with a third choice, then places her order. our waiters comment, "don't sound so excited about it." (if we had not gone specifically for my step-daughter i would have left at that point.) hey einstein, you're the one who doesn't have what we're trying to order. if ya' don't have it, tell me up front, not after. the salads were ok. my step-daughter liked the mussels. the polenta fries were very good. the cauliflower soup was pretty good also. like i said, second time there. first time was on the fence, so we figured it was worth trying again. some of the other wait staff seemed to have more personality than our waiter. service and food preparation was terribly slow. we had all appetizers, nothing complex or delicate that should have taken long. it's a shame the service and food isn't better. the location and grounds are very nice, along with the polenta fries.
5	This place grabbed my attention when I came acros a review in the Phoenix New Times for Best Dining Off the Beaten Path. Once you're on the grounds, you escape in time and place. You're in a old style mansion with tall ceilings. The patio with the barn in your view is fantastic on a sunny warm day. This is one of the best lunches I've had all year. Between this place and Kai, I realized that the Southwest does superior things with sweet potatoes than what I'm used to seeing in the East and South. Sweet Potato Planks were bite sized fancy addictive crackers that were possibly laced with crack. Cauliflower Soup (with Currants, Mint, Queen Creek Olive Oil, Shitake Mushrooms) was delicious: a welcoming dish that made you felt at home, but occasional caught you off guard with a nice kick. Smoked Brisket Sandwich (with Arugula, Tomatoes, Grilled Onions, Dijonaise, and White Cheddar Cheese on Toasted Baguette) was the best sandwich I've had all year. Typically brisket is served as a BBQ sandwich, with pickles at best, slapped between white bread or a simple bun. To have brisket in a dressed up gourmet sandwich; this is as good of a sandwich as I can remember. Add to it the addictive Sweet Potato Crisps, which are basically the offspring of chips and fritos but with sweet potatoes, and you have an unbelievably satisfying meal. Service was attentive, incredibly friendly, and complimented the experience. I look forward to my return to Phoenix so that I can come here again. One thing I don't remember is the cost. I happily paid whatever it was I owed them.
5	Ok, granted, since the new year, we've been on a super healthy kick, so you might think I'm just desperate for variety. Nope, we still enjoy tasty food at home, it's not all sprouts and flaxseed, geez. Attended Happy Hour at the Secret Garden on a Friday night, not overly crowded, but enough people to spark your interest and do some people watching. The grounds were impressive, I can see why they host weddings, reminds me of some of the local haunts in Laurel Canyon or Los Feliz, L.A. The hostess was very warm and talkative, we sat indoors as the patio was full. Ordered the pulled pork (teehee) sliders and polenta sticks dipped in red pepper aioli. Drinks: Jack & Coke for $6 and the 'Desert Garden Breeze' martini for $6. My drink was amazing, it was a concoction of grapefruit, cranberry & vodka, wow, perfectly blended & still strong. The sliders were to die for, soft buns with buttered, crispy tops loaded w/ meat, caramelized onion & arugula. The polenta sticks were like savory churros, super crunchy crispy on the outside, soft cornbread inside, amazing flavor combined with the sliders. I was tempted to order the chocolate cake but I will have to see the reviews on that, I don't do desserts at restaurants unless they are worth a 55 minute Pilates dvd.
4	I came here for lunch and what a pleasant surprise.4 stars for atmosphere. This is an old house (hence the name) set amongst a garden right around the corner from the Farm and South Mountain. This reminds of a place in Napa that you'd stop in for. A nice, rural out of town feel not to far from central Phoenix.While there was nothing on the menu that immediately jumped out at me, I settle for a ham and cheese sandwich. It was DELICIOUS!!!!! And the sweet potato chips were a fantastic side considering that I HATE AND DESPISE sweet potatoes.The salads and greens all look amazing. I will definitely be back.
1	On March 23rd, I had a very poor dining experience at The House at Secret Garden and wrote a polite letter to management that evening. It is now over a month later, and I have STILL not received any response. Based on the poor food quality, incorrect menu listings, pricing and TERRIBLE customer service, I would not recommended The House to anyone looking for good food or good service.
5	Sweet potato chips and smoked brisket, yum!  That alone would merit a visit, but then the fresh seasonal vegetables, great service and homey atmosphere put it over the top. I have a new favorite lunch spot!
5	I came here with three of my friends for lunch on a Saturday. Thankfully, the place was not busy which was shocking. This is a very cozy and romantic feeling restaurant. Whatever you do, please try the sweet potato chips. They are amazing! We chose sandwhiches with a side of salad and everything was very good.Service I doubt could be beat. This is a place you can go on a date, bring grandma or take a group of friends to!
5	This place is amazing, located in a house off Baseline Road in the middle of nowhere this place is a rare find.  The ambiance is very quaint, laid back yet you would not feel uncomfortable coming in all dressed up either.  We visited in the summer so we sat in the main dining room and did not check out the patio, will save that for the next visit.  There were half priced bottles of wine on special for the summer which were an awesome deal.   As for the food, everything we had here was fantastic, from the burrata appetizer to the wild boar pasta (home made), you got the feeling that you could close your eyes and pick a dish at random and they'd all be amazing.  Service was also spot on, they were attentive and able to answer any questions about the menu.I'd recommend saving this place for a special occasion, if you just end up going on a random night, you'll have a tough time beating the experience when that anniversary or birthday does come up!
4	I enjoyed a fancy happy hour.  Was not economical like you usually think of happy hour being though.  Really enjoyed the spicy mojito but it was $8 a pop.  Tried the polenta fries.  I did not like the dipping sauce (the item said vegetarian but tasted like it had anchovies in the sauce.  ick!)  My husband tried the sweet potato planks and enjoyed them.  The best was the 4 cheese plate.  Mmm... next time we will just get that and a couple drinks.  I think with tax and tip we paid over $60 for happy hour.
2	The food and ambience was wonderful; however, the poor service was inexcusable. First off, there were only three other tables of 3-4 people when we arrived. Yet, once we were seated and our drink order taken, we waited over 20 minutes when I finally got up to find our server so we could order our dinner. Our server was not apologetic for forgetting our table. But how could she in such a small restuarant with so few people there?!? Service did not improve at all. At the end of our meal we were asked by our server if we wanted dessert and she was going to bring us dessert menus. Which wound up being 10 minutes later. In 10 seconds I could have walked to the podium and picked up dessert menus. Shocked at the poor service, and although the food was excellent, based upon service alone it is nor worth the return.
5	Awesome little restaurant in Phoenix area.  Food very upscale and 5 star. Service excellent. Waitress knew the menu and explained best options. Would recommend this restaurant and would Definately return. Although they are pricey you get what u pay for and it is well worth it
3	The BF and I went here last night on our first stop for fall AZ restaurant week. Unfortunately, it was just ok. We had a reservation at 6:30 and arrived at 6:20. The restaurant and grounds are beautiful, and it was fun walking by the little garden and over the koi pond on our way in. We had requested patio seating and were sat outside with maybe 4-5 other tables. We both got drinks. I got the fig margarita, which was very tasty (a bit on the sweet side, but not in a bad way) and the BF got a glass of pinot gris, which was also good. We ordered off the restaurant week menu. We waited about 25 minutes for our app. We both got the pork belly and it was very good. It was sweet and savory, it had this delicious mascarpone cheese on the side with mint...very creamy and refreshing. Then we waited for our entrees....and waited....and waited. I defended this place, saying it was just a relaxed dining experience. But after waiting 55 minutes for our entrees, I must say I was not super happy. And not a word was said by our waitress in apology for it taking so long, which makes me think it is always like this (?). When we (finally) received our entrees they were just ok. We had the new york steak and the gnocchi and shared. The gnocchi came in a small portion. It had a spicy and tangy sauce on it, and were alright. The gnocchi themselves were a little dense (not like the pillows they should be...). The steak looked weird for the cut it was supposed to be. It was very thick and short...looked more like a filet than a new york. The steak was very fatty...so much so that some bites were all fat (which was pretty gross) and I couldn't cut around it because it was too dark to see where it was out on the patio. The bites that were not fatty were very good, the corn puree was great and the piquillo peppers gave it just the right amount of spice. I liked it very much, just wish the steak itself was a little better. After our entrees we waited about 15 minutes to get our peach cobblers, which were good, solid cobblers with ice cream, but it didn't make me want to keep eating it. It was just ok. When we finally left, we had been there for 2 hours and 15 minutes...a little ridiculous for dinner. It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't great, and for as expensive as it was (upwards of 100$s) I would not bother going back. There are too many great restaurants with attentive and efficient service in Phoenix that are the same cost or less to waste your time going here.
4	I've been to this restaurant for lunch usually, but I stopped in for dinner on their "famous" patio.  Here's my take on this place.Service:  Incredibly professional and wonderful staff.  Every time I have gone, the staff's attention to my every need and concern was a priority to every single person that I have encountered.  I can not say enough of how professional their staff is.Food:  again, wonderful food that bursts with flavor.  I've had several things here to eat, my favorites are the polenta fries and the Wild Boar sausage with the pasta (I forgot the name on the menu) - incredibly delicious and bursting with a warm exotic flavor that is both satisfying and filling.  I have also enjoyed a popular dish there, the shrimp and grits.  This dish was ok for me, I think it could be better if the items on top of the grits were all placed in the middle with the cheese.  Patio:  this is why I give them a. 4.  Needs live soft music on the weekends.   The ambiance is a bit dry without it.
4	The name says it all. This truly is a house in a secret garden. Hiding within a working farm, The House is true farm to table. It's intimately hidden within a large orchard filled with well-grown trees and it's hard to believe you're in Phoenix. The patio is a perfect place to dine on a nice night or breezy day, and the indoor seating area is just as charming. Believe it or not, my favorite thing to get here is their burger. Their burger is freshly made and tastes delicious with every bite. Their salads are also delightful. You really can't go wrong with anything on this menu. Make sure you try anything pumpkin that they offer during the fall season. Note that as you're driving to The House, you'll question whether you're going the right way. You are. It's just that hidden!
5	One of the best meals I had in Arizona ! We decided to sit outside as we went there on a Wednesday and it was too quiet inside (but great design inside and we would try it next time!) . We heard good things and were looking forward to trying it. WOW !!! the setting outside is perfect, quaint and cute. The Burata salad was just perfect. The basil pesto worked so well with the cheese and walnuts. We also had the pork belly my husband just LOVED and I had the smoked trout with goat cheese - delicious !!! For entree we had the papardelle and the gnocchi. Both were great ! the pastas are made fresh daily and you can definitely taste that. Really amazing food!  For dessert I got the cannoli. It was good. My only comment about the place, which is not really negative, was that our server, as great as she was, would be better at a stuffy restaurant. She gave great service but was not friendly, did not encourage chatting or joking. More proper/ formal service than I would like at a restaurant like that.This place is still a secret. Not for long... ! MUST try.
4	Great atmosphere!  Really enjoyed the food and pace.  They offered a truly unique dining experience with attentive staff.  The meal can be pricey but definitely worth it.
5	Had the Roasted Bone Marrow Luge. Fabulous taste and texture. The service was second to none.
3	I ordered a lemonade it was sour to say the least, the server said it was fresh but I have my doubts. My wife ordered a Moscow mule, it was devoid of ginger beer and as she put it the worst she has ever had. They don't offer bread or a veggie plate with your meal, odd to say the least. The atmosphere is a saving grace. The food was good and bad. For my entree I ordered the watermelon salad (I had bariatric surgery) the salad was small but more than enough for me not enough for the average person. My salad was very good, but the piece of burnt toast (chibata) they served with it wasn't edible, literally. My wife ordered the wild boar and papadelles it was a large portion and very good. I thought it was as 8 of 10 my wife thought less of it since the sausage was on the overly spicey side. The service was fine. Ahhhh the price, TO HIGH. This is not Biltmore, it's not Scottsdale, for what you get the price really is way to high. I don't mind spending a pretty penny for dinner, but here the price is way to high.
3	The food is tasty, but the portions are TINY.  I liked my meal, but all of us left hungry afterwards and ended up at Culver's for frozen custard.  The service was stellar though, very accomodating.  I'm also very irritated at paying 2.50 for 1 can of soda.  The markup on that is ridiculous.  We had poleta fries( my aunt/uncle love these so much, we had 3 orders).  They are tasty and probably the best value.   My aunt had a grilled cesar salad with chicken.  17.,00 for a salad is 5 dollars too much.  I loved my grilled shrimp with grits, but I only had 5 shrimp.  The shrimp were not that large either so I was left wanting more.  A few more shrimp would have made me happier.  My partner( Picky Ms. Pickster) ordered a burger off the lunch menu.  She loved the burger and it was large( the biggest entree of all the entrees we ordered)  However, 16.00 is expensive.  It came with bacon, cheese, carmalized onions and sweet potato chips( not fries).  My uncle had duck.  I took one bite and spit it out,  Way too gamey.  That was a stingy portion too for 23.00. Dessert was 9.00 and was comped because it was my birthday.  9.00 for bread puding( stale bread that is pure profit) is pricey.  My uncle had another appetizer, a calamari salad.  This had to be the stingiest portion too at 14.00 and he ordered a side of pickled veggies for 5.00( another small portion). Bottom line, good food, but tiny portions and expensive.
3	Being on the property of Secret Garden is wonderful with the trees, beautiful garden and calm fountains. The House is quaint and I loved the feel of walking on wood floors, small rooms and actually feeling like you are in a old, beautiful home. I came here with a big party (11 of us total) and we had a nice table in front of a fireplace and Christmas tree. The Happy Hour menu was pretty limited but decided on the Essence Riesling ($6). Wine was crisp and tasted good. For dinner, I ordered an Artisan Cheese Board (to share) and the grilled romaine salad. The cheese board was nice, came with 3 cheeses for HH, grilled bread, raisins, nuts and I believe figs. The grilled romaine salad was not my thing at all...I don't know if it was the vinagrette or the stuff inside the lettuce but something just didn't work for me. I didn't eat it all and left hungry.I did also sample the polenta fries but again, not my thing. They were mushy and the only thing that gave it some flavor was the sauce it came with. I wanted to try things I wouldn't normally try but I think next time, I'll stick to something simple (I keep hearing their burger is good). I did love the atmosphere, the company, the service. I didn't like the price tag. At Happy Hour, I walked away with a $33 bill for a glass of wine, cheese board and a salad. Their patio also looked really nice, especially at night with the trees lit up and the barn playing music. Overall, I think I would come back here because it really is a beautiful spot and the service was amazing!
2	I've been to The House at Secret Garden a few times for private events. The area is absolutely gorgeous but their food & service is just mediocre. One event I went to was in the patio & sun room, and the other was in the urban barn. The patio was very nice but the room is a standard plain white room.  The urban barn is cute from the outside but the inside is a little janky. The ceiling and beams are unfinished ugly wood with the manufacturer stamps still visible and spray painting...they could have at least stained them a neutral brown. There are faux wooden beams painting on the wall. Not that impressive, but the area outside (we had cocktails under the carob tree) is beautiful.The food and service is a different story. One of the meals was catered by Santa Barabara catering and it was fantastic. If you're hosting an event here, I recommend going with a buffet from the catering company. The other meal was a sit down, pre-selected 3 course dinner. The kitchen/servers had zero coordination. One person out of the table would get their hot entree a good 10 minutes before anyone else got theirs. It was near impossible to get beers and was impossible to get a refill of water. I thought the food was disappointing. I had:- Goat Cheese & Beet Salad: By far the best thing I had. Great dressing, yummy goat cheese, fresh greens. - Vegetarian Trio: So small and just okay. The grilled eggplant was very soggy and the tomato jam it was topped with was far too sweet for an entree. The arancini ball was delicious but I only got one...for my entree. If there had been 3 then it would have been a meal.- Chocolate Cake with Fudge, Fleur De Sel Caramel, & Buttercream Frosting: Amazing sounding description but one of the worst desserts I've ever had. The cake was so dry and barely had a chocolate flavor. There was about a tablespoon's worth of frosting and not even a teaspoon of caramel. So so dry and lacking the richness or flavor of a chocolate dessert.- Bread Pudding: Much better than the chocolate cake but still average.If you're planning on hosting an event at The House at Secret Garden, I recommend trying to make it as outdoors as possible (prettiest) and not using their in house catering.
5	Dined with a group recently in the urban barn. What a cool spot! First they had appetizers under there Carob tree that had this amazing setup of star studded lights. Then we moved into the barn for our three course dinner. I had the sweet potato soup with pancetta. Nice balance of flavors I was impressed. For my entree I tried the NY strip. Talk about a mouth watering piece of meat... It was delicious! I already made a reservation for next week to try the full menu. This place has great ambience and if they can handle a party of 50 that smoothly... I'm sure there Alacart service will be amazing.
5	What a great dinner! I first came for a holiday party and then I came back with my girl for dinner. This place has a little something for everybody. The mussels and grilled calamari salad are amazing.
4	I wish you could give half-stars. This would be a 4 1/2. Went the other day for lunch with my sister. It's beautiful- a converted spanish-style mansion, with a huge outdoor space. It was quite busy when we were there at 12:30, but the bar was empty so we decided to eat there. Service was on the slow side, beyond "oh it's busy today I'll cut them some slack", and that is the only reason I can't give this place 5 stars. I had the Local Mozzarella BLT, which comes with Sweet Potato crisps. Those are just peelings of fried sweet potato. Those are amazing, and I'm going to attempt them in my fryer at home. The sandwich was excellent. Just the right amount of basil flavor, and not too oily with the olive oil  and bacon. All of it was made with local ingredients too. That's how the entire restaurant is run. I want to go back again, totally worth the drive from Gilbert. My sister all ready gave her name for Mother's Day so we could have a reservation to take our mother. Something tells me they fill up fast at this place!
1	I booked an indoor table for a party of 5 for a special event on Saturday 12/22. I should have immediately realized something was wrong as soon as we were seated in the main dining room and I could not hear the hostess and the other tables were empty on our side of the room. On the other side of the room were a group of 18 women who were making a lot of noise, and oblivious to anyone other than themselves. They should have gone to a Sports Bar rather than a restaurant with a nice ambiance but didn't seem to know better. It was so loud we could not really hear each other and I asked to be moved. The staff agreed that it was really noisy but the only option for us was the patio - not my preferred choice as it is relatively cool at night this time of year. We went anyway but it was still cold despite the patio heaters. Other guests who arrived later also were steered clear of the dining room to the patio and also complained of being cold. In addition, the kitchen was clearly overtaxed with the large group as it took 1  1/2 hrs. from being seated to get our entrees, despite many assurances our dishes were coming soon. Our waitress who was good tried to make the best of it - as we all did but should we have had to "make do" when the meal cost $50/head?The restaurant management could have done several things in this case but did not. Initially or on confirmation of my reservation, they could have let me know there was a large party in the dining room; they could have diplomatically asked the obnoxious group to quieten down; and, they could have offered some compensation for the disruption and inconvenience. All in all, not a pleasant experience.
5	New Years Eve was perfect here. Fixed menu; $75 ea totally worth it. First course was amazing greens salad with candied figs, fresh farm cheese, sort of like a ricotta mixed with goat, hazelnuts, very light vinaigrette. Excellent. Gina, our server, always outstanding, suggested our drinks & they were divine. Mine was the Garden breeze martinia, fresh, citrus notes w/ orange Vodka. Second course was crab bisque soup oh yum! lumps of crab & shaved anise as the garnish with homemade focaccia, butter, rosemary. Third course was a sea bass served in parchment paper with a creamy fennel sauce served on the side, baby carrots. Fourth course was osso bucco, tender moist veal but honestly I was STUFFED by this point, I took most of it home for my foodie aspiring chef 8 yr old son. Dessert was absolute heaven on earth. A softer cheesecake, thanks to a hint of ricotta with a gingersnap moist crust, drizzlings of bittersweet chocolate & a mint cream sauce puddle. Wow. Ask for Gina, she is the best and you will not be disappointed with a top notch experience.
5	The House at Secret Garden has quickly become one of my favorites!  Alongside Marcellino, Mastro's City Hall and  Lons at the Hermosa (to give an idea of my taste).  I was there again last night for dinner and have not been able to stop talking about it!   Everything about this establishment is worthy of bragging rights; the warm ambiance, the staff which is knowledgeable, welcoming and very friendly and the food....oh the food...Great presentation, flavorful and always cooked to perfection!  I've enjoyed the appetizers, salads, soups, main dishes and desserts!! I have yet to find a flaw!  When dining with friends or family we always each order a different dish and share so though I've only visited a few times I've had the pleasure of tasting many of their creative, tasty offerings. I'm truly unable to choose a favorite! I have to tell you about the cocktails; I had the mango serrano mojito, delicious!!  There specialty cocktail list is just that, SPECIAL!!  A welcome twist to your typical. There wine list has something for everyone!  I enjoyed a great Cab! I was slightly disappointed they no longer offered the Ballentine by the glass but this was a worthy substitute.I highly recommend you giving this great restaurant a try. If you're a foodie you will not be disappointed.
5	An absolutely impeccable 5-Star evening with the husband celebrating Valentine's Day a day late. It has been a while since I've enjoyed a true 5-Star evening and our dinner at The House was pure heaven. Our server, Karen, was an absolute pro. She made great suggestions, had intimate knowledge of the menu and the specials, she was interesting but not intrusive, and she was everything I want in a server. We sat outside in the garden and it was just lovely although as the evening stretched on, it did get a bit chilly despite the heat lamps and sitting next to the fireplace. The garden is beautiful though and even though the restaurant is right off of Baseline Rd. you don't hear the noise of the road at all.Now on to the food. Oh my. The food. We enjoyed the cheese board and the Fried Arancini with Tomato Sauce which are fried risotto balls to start. We chose white cheddar, parmesan, and brie and it was wonderful accompanied with dried cherries, golden raisins and the candied figs were to die for over grilled toast points. The fried arancini was awesome. Toasty and crunchy on the outside, but creamy and cheesy on the inside. Our second course included the cauliflower soup and field green salad. The soup has a hint of serrano pepper to it which added a nice heat on the back of the throat. I had the Mango and Serrano Mojito which really paired nicely with it. The field green salad had a delicious lemony dressing that really made the salad pop.My husband had the rib eye and I had the shrimp and grits for our main dishes. My husband prefers his steak well done and the House did not disappoint. The steak was well done but still juicy and delicious inside. The shrimp and grits were PERFECT. The shrimp was perfectly seasoned and just right in doneness. The grits were creamy and not grainy at all. The bacon and carrots in the grits added just the right amount of salty crunch that really made this a well rounded dish. For dessert, I had the cannolis. What made it that much more special was the strawberries that were garnishing the plate had the cannoli filling piped on top. O.M.G. That should have been the dessert in and of themselves!Every facet of our dinner at The House at Secret Garden was just right. I cannot wait to go back and I sure hope Karen will be our server! I will say this though....do not plan to rush through this meal. This meal is meant to be savored, relished, and enjoyed. Our reservation was at 6:30 and we didn't get out of there until 9:15 and we enjoyed every single second of our meal. If you are in a big rush, don't come to The House because you will not get out of it what you are truly meant to get out of being there. It is a gastronomic experience, not some fast-food bing, bang, boom b.s. Take your time, sit back, and truly enjoy the experience.
4	Lovely, quaint, and vintage are the adjectives that spring to mind for this delightful wedding venue (from a wedding guest's perspective). I'm pretty jealous of whoever used to live on this estate. The woman who works as the wedding organizer (not sure of her official title) was very friendly to me and helped me find a little emergency sewing kit for a last-minute dress snafu - thanks! A very pretty and romantic spot, all told.
5	What an absolute gem! Great food and wine at very reasonable prices. And sitting in the garden for dinner is just wonderful this time of year (March)Service was very good as well.Only bummer (and not enough to take away a star) was that they don't have espressos to go with their wonderful deserts.
1	This is a great story!  Took my folks in for a wonderful evening, had 6:15 reservation for 7 people, arrived, there was one table inside 4 tables outside.  Briefed by lady who seated us that she will be assisting our waitress because of how "slammed" they will be! P.S. place never had more than 2 tables in the dining room all night! Ordered drinks, took folks for a 10 minute walk around the property to check the place out, arrived back at the table, no drinks!  waited another 10 minutes for drinks after reminding the waitress about the drinks!  We were in no hurry so no biggy!  Ordered appetizers and another round....some kid tried delivering dessert to our table, we sent it back,as we never ordered it.  Appetizers (pork belly) show up 25 minutes later, and no drinks still!  Pork belly was pretty okay... Another half hour goes by and three of the seven plates show up.  All three were cold to touch!  Mom never complains and eat hers.  We send back the othe two plates.  A good 10 minutes go by, and three more plates come out, but not the two we sent back earlier, 10 minutes later the two plates that were sent back finally come back, but still one person (me) has not been served.  So eventually I get my dish, my mother and second round of plates are already finished when  my dish arrived.  My meal came out soo hot that it could of only been microwaved to get it that hot!  I do my best to eat it, but the fish of the day is really awful...ask for manager, waitress states "I am the manager" Wow, really!  How can u be the manager/waitress and deliver such horrible service?  We couldn't hold back anymore, reiterated the entire poor service from start to finish.  She offered a $75 give card.  It sounded okay at first, but after she left the table we agreed we wouldn't be coming back, so we ask her to apply the credit now.  She came back with final tab of $258.00 after $75 credit?  Wow that seems high, looked over tab and noticed a 20% gratuity added!  Really!, for horrible service....let's just add gas to the fire!!!  So we started in on her again, ask for her supervisor as this was unacceptable!  Then someone dressed in a cooks uniform comes to our table and pretends to be important, basically defends all the horrible service with B.S. excuses.  We reiterated everything, to have him grab our tab and state that he is adding back the $75 credit and if we did not pay, he would call the cops!!!!  Wow, really!!!  My father and I are furious, I follow him into the kitchen as he calls the police stating that he has customers unwilling to pay bill and need there assistance right  away!  Dad pays to avoid anymore embarrassment. We were heckled by the cook all the way to the valet!  I really wanted to beat the sh*t out of this guy, but going to jail wasn't worth it!   I only wish the owner was there to see his "A Team" in action... I will attempt to find the owner to bring this matter to his attention.  My times could be underestimated, as this painful experience took 2 hours and 45 minutes start to finish!   They should be arrested for the poor service, food, and horrible experience!
5	Absolutely superb. Relaxing, amazing quality, and the perfect place for a romantic dinner. Charming is an understatement.
5	Along with being adorable, and tree's lit up with tiny lights, and rustic charm, the food is amaaaaaaazing!  I was in from No Cal and went here last weekend with a few friends.  We all thought it was fantastic - the food server Erica, the wine, the appetizers (cheese platter - yum!), our entree (the halibut was better than I've ever had!), the twinkling lights........Highly recommend!
4	Fantastic night for our party of six. Beautiful atmosphere, fantastic cocktail, nummy entree and a killer dessert. It's hard to make everyone in my family happy yet we all left with big smiles, full tummies and the memory of a great night together.
4	I really love House at Secret Garden. The food is pretty incredible and there is nothing better than enjoying a bottle of wine on their back patio. The place is beautiful and quite romantic. The service is average but everything I've eaten there has been completely delicious. Try the Arancini Balls and Tender Belly Bacon for appetizers and your meal will be off to a tremendous start.
2	I have been to The House before and loved the food, but my visit last week was really disappointing. My husband and I both ordered the three-course special of the night. A salad, lemon chicken and a dessert. The salad was drenched in the weirdest dressing. It had almost a chemical taste, like it had been sprayed with Windex or air freshener. Then when our main courses arrived, my chicken was super intensely lemony, and my husband's was barely at all.The dessert was yummy so that was a nice end at least. The service was very good, no complaints there, but it seemed a waste of money for not good food. I don't know if it was an off night or a new chef, but we will think twice about ever going back.
5	What a cool place!I've been lucky enough to eat here a couple of times and haven't been let down on any aspect of my dining experience. The House at Secret Garden is a true gem in the Phoenix area that has an at home feel to it that is very unique. The last time I was there I was in a group of 4, we all ordered different items from the menu and everything was amazing including the presentation and the service. This is one of the only restaurant I would recommenced to anyone.
3	My favorite thing of this place is the location. A quaint hidden spot perfect for a romantic dinner or just to disconnect a little bit.It would be awesome as well for a private event like a birthday or a wedding.The food is good, don't take me wrong. It's just that it's a little pricey for what you get. Or I guess for that money I would have higher expectations.We had a wine from Ribera del Duero which was a little warm. The pricing of the wine was fair, so the only complaint about that would be the temperature.We had also the pork belly which was good and also a cheese board. The brie was my least favorite. The mozzarella and the parmesano reggiano were good.I had the catch of the day which was a trout. It was good as well but not memorable.I will come back and it's for sure a place that worth the visit.Cheers.
5	Who doesn't like secret gardens?  Especially secret gardens that are lovely, romantic with food that is charmingly delectable!   You don't even feel like you are right next to a large city with a farm and South Mountain as a backdrop.  I made a reservation on the patio because my sister was in town from the Bay Area and I knew she would want to enjoy our warm AZ weather and watch the sunset.  Honestly if you are coming here I would just sit outside, the house is cute, but the patio is much better.  The server placed us in a perfect spot shaded by palms overlooking the koi pond and not far from the fire!  Gentlemen, talk about a place to bring a hot date, would definitely set the mood for me!  But, it was also perfect to laugh and catch up with the sister too!  We ordered a cheese board to start and a bottle of Salneval Albarino to cleanse the pallet!  I HIGHLY recommend the Cypress Grove Midnight Moon cheese!  I am not even a cheesy kind of person, but I could eat a whole wheel of that stuff.  This is going to sound funny, but I came to this lovely restaurant with a big black/purple/blue/violet eye-cheek from an accident and trust me for the last 2 weeks I had been getting domestic violence and thug looks from various 'service providers'...  Well our waitress Megan didn't even bat an eye at my whacked face and my glorious bruise was even on her serving side!  So extra bonus points for that, which is why I rounded my 4.5 star rating up to 5 instead of down to 4.So after asking our poor server a million questions about the menu, because it is really hard to decide, as everything looks good and unique, we finally ordered.  I opted for the seasonal house special: hand made ravioli.  It was a spinach ravioli topped with an interesting lemon cream sauce, with almonds on top.  The raviolis were delicious, the sauce was quite good, and the almonds brought it all together.  I think I was expecting a little bit more POW to the dish, but it was still very unique and delicious.  I have to say my sister chose the right dish!  The New York strip with Red Chimichurri Sauce is AMAZING!  The thing they don't tell you on the menu is it comes in a corn puree of sorts that is mouthwatering!!! See picture.  It sounds weird to go with a steak, but it completely made the dish and set that steak apart from your typical steak at a nice restaurant.  I was actually trying to talk my sis into one of the other dishes and she trumped me...I am glad she did!!  The corn puree sauce was so good we asked the server what was in it and she said she would ask the chef who was in house.  She wrote the recipe on a note for us!! Sorry I promised not to divulge her secrets.  But the last ingredient was cute:  Love :)If you are skimming just do the following:  Sit on the patio, select Cypress Grove Midnight Moon cheese on the cheese board, somebody order the steak.  You will come back for more and if you are on a date you will get lucky!
5	Birthday dinner with my honey...everything we had was fabulous! The menu changes frequently, but the entrees we had were the wild boar sausage pappardelle and pork belly pasta pillows. My dish was so good, I wanted to lick the plate clean but refrained as I didn't want to embarrass my husband. I highly recommend the polenta fries and arancini. Romantic spot, ideal for a night out with your love.
1	This was my second trip to the secret garden.  I have many allergies including a gluten allergy. They have many items listed on the menu as GF options and are located in my neighborhood so I thought it would be a nice treat. On my first visit in June 2013 I ordered a GF salad and it came out with bread. I told the waiter and after questioning me about my allergy (acting like i was lying) he said it should be listed as request gluten free. The rest of our experience was enjoyable, nice location, yummy appetizers and wine. This weekend we decided to go back and give it another try. This experience was less than enjoyable.  It took at least 15 mins for our drinks to come out, then the server dumped my boyfriends beer on his plate "sorry, thought the bottle was empty"  after that we were never asked if we wanted another drink during the wait or the meal. When I ordered my salad this time I made sure I requested gluten free. After waiting 45 mins for our meals, my salad again came out with bread on the plate, i waited for the waitress for 5 mins to come check on us so i could ask for a new meal. i finally got up to go find her and asked for a new meal. i was told "just dont eat the bread" I again asked for a new meal and I know i was not given a new meal because i have been sick all weekend, my body doesnt lie. I am completely disappointed and annoyed at servers not taking food allergies seriously. I am a server also and it is not the end of the world if someone has allergies, work with them and make them happy. It is not my fault I have food allergies, i should be able to enjoy a meal out and why do some people think they can judge that?! House at secret garden... You CANNOT mark a meal as gluten free unless is 100% gluten free...get a clue!!!!
4	the food was phenomenal and the service was incredible. I highly recommend the bartender Allison. she went out of her way to provide great service.
5	The boyfriend took me to the House at Secret Garden for my birthday and I could not have asked for a nicer place to celebrate.He made a reservation so we got a great table outside, right by the fireplace. The setting was really pretty with lots of trees and lights.I started by ordering a cactus fig margarita. No joke, I think this was the best margarita I've ever had. It was the perfect combo of salty and sweet. It was really delicious. I had to resist not guzzling many of them as it would have been way too easy to do.For an appetizer we decided to get a cheese plate. We got 4 types of cheese and it came with almonds, figs, craisins, raisins and toast points. Four cheeses was a lot for the two of us - three would have been sufficient. But hey, it was my birthday. They gave us plenty of time to enjoy the cheese plate. We did not feel rushed at all, which was very nice.For our entrees I went with the catch of the day - salmon and boyfriend chose the New York Strip. The salmon was melt-in-your-mouth good. It was paired with a cauliflower sauce and braised greens and the combination of flavors was just perfect. Boyfriend's steak was done just the way he liked it and had a good flavor to it. It was not a very traditional steak as it was served with a spicy sauce and came with lots of peppers.For desert we got the bread pudding and the cannoli. Like everything else the bread pudding was outstanding. I was kinda disappointed by the cannoli though. The shell was pretty airy and the filling was chocolaty instead of traditional vanilla. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't great. Next time I'd order the bread pudding again but skip the cannoli.The House at Secret Garden was the perfect choice for my birthday. I highly recommend it for a special occasion or romantic date night.
3	It is a lovely location with a very secluded ambiance. So secluded, the front felt almost abandoned. We walked through a dining space to check-in with the hostess which felt odd. We were then seated in a smaller dim dining area occupied by a much larger party making the area seem unbalanced.The staff was pleasant but they weren't as polished as I would expect at this type of restaurant. A few things were forgotten or overlooked during service. The menu looked interesting and almost everything was good. The filling in ravioli was over-salted but in general the salt level was appropriate. The produce in the menu items was high quality and well prepared. The New York strip steak was practically perfect. All the servings were substantial.The cocktail menu looked good but the cocktails lacked in their execution. Crushed ice in a Sazerac!? Crushed ice works in some drinks but it seemed ubiquitous to all their cocktails. It is not a good fit for drinks developed to be served straight-up like the Sazerac. The wine list was ample and the bottle prices seemed reasonable. It was odd that there was no short list of wines but the glass. There were wines by the glass to be found within the more extensive bottle listings.In the end, we didn't have dessert. We were full and just a bit tired of being a third wheel next to the larger party.
2	Food was good. Place is adorable. Worst service I have ever received in my life. Almost 3 hours to get food. Server was not polite. Appetizers never arrived. Some Drinks took over an hour. Server told us the kitchen is "slammed" but most tables were empty. Only one valet guy and  a wedding walks out at the same time as us. We waited so long we took our own keys and walked to our cars.
5	Once again an impeccable 5 star evening! We enjoyed Valentine's dinner with the special menu that really should have been titled Tony and Beth because it's exactly what we would have ordered anyway! I had the carrot soup, the scallops, and the chocolate marquise for dessert. My husband had the mozzarella salad, the hangar steak, and the milk and cookies panna cotta. Scallops can be dicey but man they sure do a great job at House! They were perfectly done. The cauliflower side dish 3 ways was excellent. The carrot soup was so warm and velvety. The chocolate marquise...holy cow though....I couldn't even speak it was so good. The hangar steak was well seasoned but not overly so. The mozzarella salad with hand pulled mozzarella was dressed perfectly and was just enough. The milk and cookies panna cotta was the perfect way to end the meal. Couple that with the delicious drinks, the gorgeous atmosphere, and our super server, it made for another great visit! Can't wait to go back!
5	MEMORABLE.We are very particular in our restaurant reviews, because we will spend $150-200 for a dinner for two and we expect a lot in return. This place does not disappoint.Started with cocktails as we waited for our table. We made a reservation, which is recommended if you want a table outside. I had a sazerac, husband had grey goose and tonic. Both made nice and strong.  Priced accordingly. I hadn't had sazerac since probably 1985 at a jazz bar in Dallas. Back then it was served in a sazerac glass straight up. Here at the House it was on the rocks. Supposedly made with absinthe, but it must have been the legal kind here sold stateside. Good drink. Strong and like a Manhattan, but better. Interesting.Started dinner with the cheese platter. They were out of the truffle cheese, but we went with four others. It was served with dried cranberries, dried cherries, a fig jam which was divine, grilled toast and also some smoked almonds. The platter was a lot for two people, but it was our own fault for picking 4 cheeses.Next was the salad.. husband had house greens and I had the deconstructed Brussels sprouts and spinach salad with goat cheese, walnuts and blood orange. It was amazing.Had the Riesling and the Pinot Noir. Both excellent.The entrees were the stars, however. I had pasta pillows with pork belly with a Meyer lemon zest sauce with fresh peppers, and my husband had the lemon chicken...wow! seasoned to perfection and the skin grilled perfectly, served alongside whole red potatoes that were mashed down in the skin. This was, by far, one of the best meals I have ever tasted anywhere in the country.Finished with Stella Blue coffee, black. Perfect end. Brought home two desserts for the teenagers (and for us to bite into--who were we kidding?!) The custard with salted caramel and cookies and the canollis filled with chocolate ganache.The chef here is Manhattan trained and it is evident. Can't say any more about how worth it it is to try this place at least once. Foodies will not be disappointed.This is a very unique dining experience. The house is an old Spanish mansion. The courtyard is lovely, lit up with twinkling romantic lights, and the trees were sultry in bloom. Ah, what a fragrance! A must for lunch OR dinner.
