4	I use the MAC for lap swims.  They have 6, 7 & 13 foot lanes.  There are plenty of lanes and over a month of going there I haven't had to share a lane once but even if one did have to share, they are generous lanes with good marking on the flooring.  The water is cool; perfect for a workout but if one wanted there is a smaller warm pool as well. The great thing is that you can pay $5 as a county resident for single visits.  It's only a few dollars more for non-residents so if you are visiting from out of town and want to keep your training going, stay at the Hampton or the Hilton for easy access to the MAC.I have to admit that the facility is old.  The locker rooms are grimy and dirty with old fixtures but there are plenty of lockers, showers, stalls and spacious to change out.  The number and size of lanes makes up for the small amount of time you spend in the locker room and outside of the pool.
4	Over Labor Day weekend 2010 the Aquatic Center did some renovations.  They applied fresh paint, resurfaced the floors in the locker rooms.  New benches and shower curtains give an updated appeal.  I swam the first time recently in the early morning.  It seems on some days they change the lanes for longer distance lanes.  No worries so far though since there is plenty of room and lanes to go around in a circular motion without too much interruption.Still my favorite indoor venue in all my years of triathlon training to get my swim routine in and I am not even taking full advance of the offerings for maters groups and official triathlon training groups.  Not to mention the weight room which comes with the $5 resident entry fee.
4	Forget the hustle and bustle of the Y.   [Village People singing] ~  It's fun to stay at the  M. C. A. C. !!At the MCAC you can lift, run, bike, and swim without being a part of the herd.. The pool will probably be a little cold to some because it is kept at competitive temps and is deeper than usual.. But you will look passed that when you see how clean and well kept it is.  There does always seem to be a swim team or two in there but they keep to their other pool and there are almost always open lanes for us folk.The gym portion is really cool.  It as free weights, universal machines, stair climbers, various bike machines, medicine balls, treadmills, and a TV.   The whole sha-bang.  You cant go wrong.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
4	Finally, we found a place that has everything we want! A relatively shallow pool so I can practice my not-so-good backstroke, a deep pool to swim laps and get that water cardio, a cool water pool with 6-8 lanes, a heated pool, and best of all, an adult-only HOT TUB!!The pool itself is really clean and the water is very clear. There were plenty of lifeguards around, and a group practicing scuba diving on one side. The warm shallow pool had a couple instructors giving swim lessons. I particularly liked having so many windows through which I could watch the rain pour while I happily swam in my heated pool and some cool artwork around the big pool. The hot tub is really nice. At first, coming from the cool water pool it felt too hot, but as my body got used to it, it felt great. They also have a fitness center which we did not try.The locker rooms are pretty decent for a public pool. They were clean, had plenty of lockers, hair dryers, and a tiny dryer for swim wear, which I absolutely LOVED.It costs $5 for adults if you are a resident of CharMeck and a family membership is $53 a month, $48 if you choose to draft.
4	My second home. Hands down, the ONLY place for swimmers in Charlotte.
