4	I am so glad I capped off 3 days in a row and 3 shows with Olivia!  She is my father's celebrity crush and when we found out she was debuting her show the last night he was in town, I got tickets during the pre-sale.  We got in line about 30 minutes before the show, which starts at 7:30 PM.  This is the same showroom that features Donny & Marie and George Wallace.While waiting in line, I realized I was perhaps 3 decades younger than everyone else, but what the heck!  We had balcony seats at a table.  We sat with a couple from Ontario, Canada.  Olivia was very conversational with the audience and had a band complete with a percussionist, bassist, drummer, and back-up vocalists, one of which played a variety of instruments including the fabulous flute, saxophone, and even harmonica.The female back-up vocalist also helped Olivia with the majority of her on-stage costume changes, which was changing jackets primarily.  She only did one costume change at the end of the show before a 2-song finale, wearing head-to-toe gold sequins.She sang songs from all aspects of her career, pre-Grease and post-Grease.  She is an Aussie who moved to England at 18 and sang in lounges.  She sang songs she was inspired by, like "Cry Me a River" by Julie London (in V for Vendetta for my generation).  Olivia sang from Xanadu, from her country hits in her early days, songs from her 90s album Gaia, and of course...PHYSICAL!The most excitement for the crowd came from her 4 minute montage of her life early in the show, with pictures hinting at the order of her career, and the nod to Grease.  She started with a tease of "Look at me I'm Sandra Dee" and then broke into songs from Grease with her back-up singers: You're the One That I Want, Hopelessly Devoted to You, Summer Nights, and We Go Together.  The crowd went wild!  Sure, there were songs throughout the show I did not know, but I did not grow up with ONJ so I was just thrilled to see my dad so happy.  Cool show no matter what generation you belong to, I'd say!
5	Olivia Newton John is top notch! I thoroughly enjoyed this concert performance. It is an intimate theatre experience--highly valued in today's entertainment world. Olivia takes the audience through her cater hits and does. Great job taking us up and down with pop, country to rich torch  songs. Wonderful show. I loved it.
5	Loved loved the show! I met my brothers in Vegas over the 4th of July weekend and made sure that we could see Olivia.Back story. I have 2 brothers. One brother is in the army and the other lives in New York. We all love to gamble. My brother John who is in the army has never been to Vegas but my brother Bruce and I have been several times. Well John was shipped out to Afghanistan a year ago in March of 2013. We got to talk a few times on the phone while he was deployed and we wrote letters. He told us both, when he got back from deployment he wanted us all to meet in Vegas. He called after he got back and said "Hey can we do 4th of July weekend in Vegas?"Us: Hell yes!Bruce calls me immediately and says OMG I think Olivia is in Vegas, we have to see her if she is there when we go. We look it up and sure enough she is there when we are. BINGO! Buy the tickets now! Now I say! We did.We all graduated from High school in the eighties. So we know us some Olivia!She sang all of her hits from Xanadu, Grease, etc, plus some country ones that I had forgotten about. She looked fabulous, her voice was still awesome. We were singing  and swaying to the music the whole time!The theatre is intimate so I don't think there were any bad seats in the house. If you like Olivia this is a must see show!
4	Show was very very good. she sings all the hits and sounds fantastic......looks wonderful......has a great personality....solid thumbs UP vegas show. I grade one level below perfect for the theater. The flamingo is a sketchy place for sure....and the theater has no formal seats...just tables and chairs  set up like you are in a night club. you end up twisting your neck all night  to see the show...cocktail waitress very annoying to guests trying to enjoy the show! They take a photo of every group entering the theater and try to sell them for $35 after the show..enjoy Olivia and just try to ignore all that is going on around you!
2	Overall the Olivia show was great. No complaints about the 'show' part except she should have ended the show on an upbeat song. The show itself was awesome. Now for my complaint. My assistant arranged for an after show meet and greet. The price point for this ticket and meet and greet is $300. That sounds pretty reasonable to get a 8x10 photo to get signed, a professional photo taken and meet-n-greet. As 50 of us were lined up like cattle into a lounge, we were first told to use hand sanitizer!!!! I know she's a performer and it's expensive if a performer gets sick and has to cancel, but it's a little ridiculous. We were told no iphone photo and no cameras were allowed. We were told 3 photos would be taken, 1 pose and 2 other candid shots. They told us to pick up the photo after we left the lounge. I was like "YAY!" I was handed 2 photos in those cheap Vegas frames, then asked "Are you paying with cash or credit". I was like "I already paid for the meet and greet",,, evidently a printed photo of the meet and greet cost $45 per photo extra!!!! Bait and Switch. This should have been included in the meet and greet. If you can't afford to include the photo with your meet and greet at least allow us to take one with our own camera, Santa Claus does and he's been around a lot longer than ONJ! This left a bad taste in my mine. I realize Vegas is all about either a "deal" or "vip", but how terrible is it for some people who are traveling on a budget, work hard for their money, paid for a meet and greet then told if you want the photo you must pay $45 extra per photo! Shame on you Flamingo!On a brighter side, Carrot top offers a meet and greet for $40, walks in the room, chats, shake hands with everybody (without hand sanitizer), then takes as many photos as you want with your own camera AND his assistant uses a camera incase you don't have one, then signs as much merchandise as you'd like. Now that was an awesome meet and greet experience! Take note Olivia Newton-John producers!
5	Unreal she still has her voice. The setting was intimate in the Donny and Marie showroom, and she did virtually everything I wanted to hear. "A Little More Love" = 5 stars alone. A healthy set, mixed with storytelling, it was very personal and not Vegas cheesy. They even incorporated a couple in from Massachusetts, of which the fellow proposed to his girlfriend in the middle of the set. Pretty dope.
5	Olivia, I'm hopelessly devoted to you!!!!  You put on a GREAT show and absolutely surpassed our expectations.  Summer Nights was definitely worth the ticket price of $165.  Olivia sang all our favorites (see setlist)--Xanadu, Grease and Physical.  The theater is a small, intimate venue--making every seat a great one.  We even had room to get up and dance!!!  A fun night and perfect outing for our group of 9 women!
5	I've waited to see my idol, Olivia Newton-John, my whole life, and I finally saw her perform.  I was so delighted with her performance and did the meet and greet.  She is amazing, and she still looks great and sounds great. She is worth the ticket!!
5	Loved every minute of this show and, as the other reviewers mentioned, I was pleased that the venue was so intimate and there was not a bad seat in the place.  She was very personable and funny, didn't take herself too seriously and engaged the audience on numerous occasions.   I have been a fan of hers since I was 9 years old and it was so cool to finally see her in person after listening to the "Xanadu" and "Grease" albums so much that I warped them!  Awesome night all around.
