4	I usually stick to either the BBQ Chicken or the cutlet whenever I go to Hawaiian places like this, but this time I decided to try the Mahi Mahi.  I was not disappointed.  The fish was nice and flaky and not oily.  I also got a good amount of food for my money.  I am definitely happy this place is close to one of the stations I work at.  They have a pretty wide selection, but I would love to see some scallops here.  Good food, good prices, clean kitchen and nice people.
2	Unfortunately the food here can't make up for the kindness of the owners. There are much better Hawaiian BBQ places for around the same price in Las Vegas.I had the Chicken Katsu which has become my staple for Hawaiian BBQ in Las Vegas and theirs just wasn't very good. The chicken itself seemed low quality and the sauce wasn't sweet at all and actually tasted a little bitter which was a huge turnoff. My only arousal came when I tried the macaroni salad which was actually delicious.Overall, this place is just another Hawaiian BBQ place in Las Vegas that I won't be heading back to.
3	I had the teriyaki Bowl. They gave a decent amount of chicken. And rice. I was disappointed with the vegetables though. I only had once piece of broccoli and no egg roll. When compared for the same price as other places you get veggies and atleast one eggroll if not two and a drink. The Soda was a Dollar extra. And the Teriyaki sauce wasnt really sweet. It was kinda bland.
5	Good price good food! We had BBQ Mix Plate, BBQ Chicken Burger, and Spam Musubi. Their BBQ Mix Plate is BETTER then L&L, my six year-old doesn't really like chicken and he ate all of the BBQ Chicken Burger and said it was really good, and I don't like Spam Musubis unless there made at home but these were so GOOD. Its a small hole in the wall place but give it a try.
1	Since I don't live far away from here, I stopped by one day to check it out.  And it seemed pretty sweet to see cheap prices and give myself a Teriyaki bowl.  I nearly snap vomited, luckily I made it to the toilet first.I normally would like to give the benefit of the doubt, but I cannot get past this.  Unfortunately this is the first and last impression AA Hawaiian BBQ has given me.
4	Great food! Guys here are real nice!
4	Great Hawaiian food!
1	Ew really ew... Food: 0/5 I order something simple just a teriyaki bowl, the meat was over cooked and super chewy. I liked how they used a lot of sauce because the rice was so bad. I'm Asian and I know how decent Jasmin rice should taste. This was just horrible rice there was nothing I liked about the bowl the vegetables you could clearly tell they were frozen then steamed because they were super soggy. The spam masubi same problem with the rice. At least the spam was nice and toasted but that's easy enough to fry. Service: 0/5 The service was mediocre its not like my order was hard all I wanted was a simple Teriyaki bowl with a spam musubi. I got my order to go and usually when you go some where Hawaiian they give you little sauces like chilli paste or soy sauce... nope nothing. I had to ask if I could get a couple and this place seemed a bit stingy to let me have a couple. Price: 0/5 Honestly the price is NOT worth the food. There are way better places around this location for same price. Never again..
