5	What a hidden gem!  I swung by here to pick up some baked goods for an event we were having - I was only the pick up girl and had no previous contact with the place so I had no idea what to expect.  First, the smell was amazing!  They had all sorts of goodies, from breads/uffins to cakes, cookies and yummy little munchy things that the kids were dying for.
4	After having the day off yesterday, I decided to catch up on a few things that I've been neglecting since getting my new job.  One of which was scrapbooking. I came here to grab lunch after picking up some much needed scrapbook supplies, and wanted a bite to eat.I've eaten here before, but not in some time.  The place is actually pretty good, believe it or not.  Its a small, intimate kind of place, that serves and sells some great breads, along with a few sandwiches to eat in house or carry out.  They have half sandwiches that you can get for around $4.50, with a nice selection of freshly baked bread, along with whole sandwiches for $7.50.  This price includes chips and a drink.I went with a half sandwich, on toasted white bread.  I really liked it!  Pop was refillable as long as you ate in, and service was a okay.  If your in the area, and would like a really cute, independant place to eat at, stop by and grab a bite to eat.
5	This place is right down the street from my new office, and thank goodness! They have a wide range of baked goods, including gourmet breads and pastries, cookies, and other goodies (even fresh hummus!), as well as great iced tea and other drinks. I walked down there today and got a wonderfully delicious sandwich on their fresh 9-grain bread, along with chips and a drink for under $8. The staff and owner are all friendly, the place is charming and has dine-in seating indoors or on the patio, and they make it fast and fresh. Thanks, Bread Basket! You guys are awesome. I'll be coming in more often for sure.
5	Since moving to Arizona, I have found it difficult to find "mom and pop" shops in the East Valley. Imagine my delight when a coworker directed me to The Bread Basket. This is a quaint, privately owned bakery that has excellent customer service and delivers a fantastic product. My husband and I chose this bakery to make our wedding cake and we were not disappointed. We ordered a three tier square cake. It was a marble cake with fresh raspberry filling...no fruit preserves allowed. It was delicious and beautiful, exactly what we had wanted. One of the owners, Brenda, delivered the cake to our venue herself. Since then, we order a miniature version of our cake on every anniversary and continue to enjoy the baking bonanza at The Bread Basket.
2	Mediocre "Bread Store" with much to be desired.  Quality of bread products is very good and layout is cozy with booths to relax in, a long counter to sit at and free wi-fi for getting work done while you munch, HOWEVER, the food menu items lack both quality and value and the ever-changing, often limited selection of bread products depends solely on what gets DELIVERED that day!  Make no mistake...Bread Basket does NOT make their own products!  Their bread, donuts and pastries are sourced from a local commercial bakery that produces bread for many retail establishments in the area and goods are delivered very early in the morning, when most are still sleeping.  If you ask, you'll probably be told "oh, our ovens are broken right now" as I was, but I'm guessing they've been "broken" here for a LONG time!  As for actual food offered, the sandwiches offer some interesting flavor combinations, but don't be surprised if your onions are soggy and your lettuce looks like it sat out the night before...because it probably did.  If their delivery that day didn't include the bread advertised on the sandwich board, you'll have to settle for something else.  In my experience, the worst day to go is Monday, when their perishable ingredients have been sitting over the weekend and the help is too busy running around to stop and make anything fresh.I'm guessing friends of the employees/owners are responsible for many of the glowing 5-star reviews.  Any down-to-earth individual will agree that the food is totally edible and it definitely tastes decent, the bread products being very good, but the whole experience is very hit-and-miss and you can find better bread shops with more consistent food within just a couple miles of the Bread Basket.
5	Wonderful little place!! They just rolled out a new menu under the direction of their new manager / Chef, and WOW!! Lots of great melts, paninis and cold sandwiches to choose from.. And ALWAYS FRESH, HOMEMADE soups, salad dressings etc... Their Festive Chicken Salad is to die for!!! So whether you're right in the neighborhood or have to drive to arrive, it's well worth it!!
2	Food is ok. I work nearby and I had high hopes for this place and it always dissapoints. It doesnt smell like a bakery when I enter, it smells like cleaning solution. I think the baked goods are made somewhere else and brought in. There are stacked empty shelves by the door. Whoever is running this place has no idea what they are doing, As for the food, it is expensive for what you get. Taste is ok. Eggs are always over cooked. The cookies have the texture of a loaf of bread. The bread itself is wonderful, but they have a long way to go with everything else. I hope the owner reads this
5	I've grown up in this area and even used to take dance lessons as a young girl at the business next door. I have watched as The Bread Basket has peaked and dipped in popularity and quality. To be honest I have never been a huge fan of the bread produced there. I have been a bigger fan of the freshly baked goodies that they made. They used to make these chocolate chips cookies that had brownie inside and they were absolutely to die for! Any ways, I was back in the area the other day and as I was driving I thought of the old Bread Basket and decided to drop in for a nostalgic moment and see what was different. To my surprise the shelves were all pushed back and the cold fridge was filled with meats and delicate pastries. I took a long time browsing around and looking at the new setup when suddenly I was greeted by a chipper owner (I am assuming) he mentioned that they roast and prepare all their own meat, no MSG, or preservatives and such. He was kind and cheerful, happy and very eager to serve as a new owner. I thanked him and kept looking, I noticed the roast beef n'swiss French dip on a baguette. It sounded superb it came with a side and I elected for the dill red potato salad. I also saw two soups tortilla and Toscana, I picked up a cup of each to save for lunches that week. All of it was delicious!! The roast beef was soft and flavorful, thin slices of garlic were hidden amongst the folds of the tender meat. The Swiss was melted and smooth and the Au jus was the actual drippings from the roasting process littered with little golden bits and packed with flavor. The tortilla soup was also scrumptious and though the Toscana was good it's creamy base was too rich for my personal taste, but then again I don't eat dairy (or meat)  very often so I am biased. The woman who rang me up (I am assuming the owners wife) was so sweet and what was most endearing about them is that they were both as nervous as could be! Wanting to fulfill this dream of owning their business, ready and willing to serve and sharing their passion with everyone who comes to see them. It was heartwarming and refreshing to see them thrilled about pleasing their customers and hoping that everyone in Mesa will love their food and embrace them. I will be back and I will spread the word. If you want to keep buying the stuffy old bread that's always been there, they have been kind enough to have it available. However the real treat is what is going on behind the counter in the kitchen NOT about the bricky bread sitting on the shelves. Great job, I hope the community supports you like I am and keep doing what you love cause I am loving what you are doing and so is my stomach!
5	There is just one suggestion that I want to make to the owners. Please extend your open hours. I have tried to go here several times in the last two weeks but work a full time job and your early closing time each day is extremely frustrating! Hire a couple kids to keep the shop open until 6-7 so the working stiffs can roll in after a long work day and pick up a cup of soup or a quality sandwich.
1	I used to LOVE this place but now that it has been taken over by new ownership it has gone downhill.  Staff is very friendly but i ordered a chicken salad sandwhich and within my first bite, got something as hard as a rock.  I'm not even sure what it was.... I got my daughter a cookie and tried to break it in half to share, but i couldn't! it was too hard! So I gave her the whole thing and watched as she tried to take a bite.  She was unable to do so, so I took it back up to the counter and asked for another at which point they gave me another hard, stale cookie.
1	Slowest sevice for a deli EVER.  My BLT had bread so thin it fell apart in a greasy mess.  I asked for no tomato on the sandwich but it was there despite my request.  My side was dill potato salad and it tasted old and sour.  I think the potatoes may have been boiled a few days before.  Yuck.  I did tell the waitress the salad was bad but she disagreed with me and insisted it was fresh.  This place is located in the "snowbird" part if town which leads me to believe all the old folk coming here have at least an hour and a half to kill for lunch.   They also have lost sight of what good deli food is.  Never going back.
