3	First one to write a review? Anyways the price is right @ $79 for South Rim Bus tour.Better than I thought. Good value for your money type of budget tour. This tour will get you to the Canyon and back.First the bus arrived on time @ 7am. Our last pick up was @ 7:20am so we left on our adventure @ 7:30Our driver/guide was a bag of info...actually he spoke non stop all the way to the Hoover Dam without repeating info...wow. After a quick stop for pictures we were on our way...more talking, video till our rest stop, before we knew it we arrived @ the Grand Canyon National park. We had 2 hours and 45 minutes to see what we needed to see. It was a bit too short of a timeframe but we got to 2 major view points, loads of pictures so we were happy. For lunch we had a ham sandwich, water, chips, shortbread cookies and an apple (very good lunch with a view as we sat by the edge of the Canyon and ate)The ride back to Vegas was non eventful. Got to catch up on a little sleep! Got back to Vegas around 9:15pmI'd recommend this tour if you can deal with a no frill bus tour, the 11 hours bus ride and no guide to take you around the Canyon.
3	My family and I went on the GC Tours Grand Canyon West Rim tour with a stop over at the Hoover Dam during our stay in Las Vegas.  The online reservation process was easy and convenient and our whole day tour that cost $99 per person included the following:(1) Pick up at your HotelThe bus was right on time and picked us up at 7:00 am at the Mandalay Resort.  We made 3 subsequent hotel stops to pick up other passengers and then we transferred to another bus because there seemed to be a problem with our original bus.....no big thing.(2)  Hoover Dam StopOn our way to Hoover Dam, the bus driver gave us a narration of what we were going to see during our tour.  Our stop at the Dam was interesting...took a few pics then on the bus again to the West Rim of the Grand Canyon.(3)  Drive to the Grand Canyon - West Rim:Very comfortable until you get to the last 9 unpaved miles prior to the West Rim.  OMG, the bus was rocking and rolling like it was a 9.0 earthquake.  Just horrible!(4)  Grand Canyon West Rim:The bus drops everyone off at the West Rim for about 2 1/2 hours and the passengers catch shuttle buses that take you to two viewing areas (Eagles Point and Guano Point).  *  Eagles Point - The Skywalk which cost $30 per person is located at Eagles point and you cannot take your camera or anything with you....everything must be stored in a locker.  We passed on the Skywalk experience.  The driver told us to time our visit at Eagle Point because Guano Point has much better views of the canyon.  We roamed around Eagle's Point and took plenty of pictures.....very beautiful and just awesome.*  Guano Point - We boarded a shuttle bus for Guano Point, the second viewing area where we had lunch that was included in our tour price.  Lunch consisted of a choice of chicken or pulled bbq beef, mashed potatoes, green beans, hard roll, coleslaw, brownie, and bottled water.  The best part of our tour was eating on a picnic table under a covered area right IN FRONT of the grand canyon.  It was just breathtaking..... I could have stayed there all day, especially since it was 100 degrees.  After lunch, we walked and hiked around the area and took so many pictures.....amazing!(5)  Return Drive from Grand Canyon West Rim to Las Vegas:We were pretty tired by the time we boarded the bus for the ride back to Vegas.  After that bumpy 9 mile ride, we all took a lil nap.  The bus driver made a quick stop at a lil dive so that the passengers could use the restrooms and get refreshments.  We were dropped off at the Mandalay Bay Resort around 6:00 pm.I originally wanted to go on a Grand Canyon South Rim walking tour with another company, but hubby reminded me that it would be too hot to take a 3 mile walking tour in 100 degrees weather.  So, we selected GC tours which was well worth the $99 per person price tag.  I would categorize the tour as "budget" but I saw so much for the price of the tour.... and I would have spent more than $100 if I stayed in a Vegas casino for the entire day.  If you have limited time to see the Grand Canyon, I would recommend GC Tours...just be warned of the last 9 unpaved miles to the West Rim.  If the weather wasn't so hot, I would suggest taking a walking tour.   3 Stars!
