5	IDK why more people don't shop at this location. I found better deals here than I do at local outlets. I had to abruptly leave the store before stocking up on some awesome styles that were less than $40. If I'm not careful, I might just spend an hour here and buy something for every outfit. This store is definitely overlooked, and it's my new go-to spot for casual/athletic shoes.
5	Good deal the and employees are nice and will help you until you find what you wanted, it's located at park west and it a nice place to hang out, but not a lot of people come to this store. Wish they are more closer to home.
5	Walked in with the intention of buying a pair of comfortable walking shoes for our vacation to Mexico. The staff greeted us as soon as we walked into the store, and asked if we needed help with anything. I started browsing at the clothing, since almost everything is on sale right now. Yes, I LOVE sales so I went pretty crazy.  My husband meanwhile was looking at shoes and found a pair that was also water resistant perfect for the beach. We didn't even know they made these the staff helped us by asking what they were for giving him more options. He finally picked two pairs of which only one was available in his size. One of the other girls at the store went into their backstock, just to make sure the other girl didn't miss them. That just showed that they really do care about their customers.  This location has great customer service and like I said before many items are on sale. Will definitely be coming back when purchasing another pair of shoes.
4	Super nice employees. You feel welcomed as soon as you step foot in the door. Went in to just look at some shoes. Walked out with 3 pairs. Vans are always comfortable to me and perfect for the summer. Priced very well for a nice shoe. Location is nice and I will return.
1	Don't come here unless you want a bitter cashier who is stuck in retail that doesn't know the meaning of "customer service". I've worked in retail for over 7 years and this is the first time I've ever encountered someone so outrightly rude that I will vow to never spend another dime here.  Sorry high school was so terrible for you but now it's bad for business! You've been warned!
