5	How random and awesome that this place exists. I will admit that I was expecting some feat of engineering that the pool itself was going to be frozen, but no, it's a rink placed on top of what is the pool in the summer. How boring by comparison! But this is a fun place regardless of what my crazy mind can come up with.The wintry cocktails are nice to enjoy by the firepits. It's interesting to have the summery adirondack chairs next to the epitome of winter activities, but such is Vegas, right? It is family-friendly, but it does have the same booze and sound system of BLVD pool, so take it with a grain of salt. Thursdays are throwback nights, which means Michael Jackson remixed to Gloria Gaynor all night long. It should be a fun place for the winter on the Strip!
5	So much fun!!! It was nice to finally meet some fellow yelpers while here!It isn't very big so don't expect an actual ice rink. It is still a blast! They have skate rental or you can bring your own skates which saves you $5! The skates they have aren't the kind you lace up and tie. They were more like a roller blade where it has clasps to lock and secure your feet in.  I didn't care for them at all but growing up on the ice I am kind of picky about the kind of skate I'm skating with.  Good to know I can bring my own next time! They have special skates for the kiddos that have two blades on the bottom so they can get around better. I thought that was very cool.There were fire pits where you could just get sit by the fire or roast marshmallows and make s'mores! They also have a menu with a variety of holiday cocktails.What a nice treat this was I hope they do it every year! The sign said for this season it would be open through January 20 2013.Prices and hours are as follows:Monday - Friday: 3:00 pm - 11:00 pm Saturday & Sunday: 11:00 am - 11:00 pm$15 All Day Skating Access$10 All Day Skating Access for Nevada Residents $5 Skate Rental fee $5 Skating Aid Rental fee Admission to the The Ice Rink area is freeIf you check the website for the ice rink on The Cosmopolitan website you can see special event nights.
5	I'm so glad that Yelp put together this event at the Ice Rink at Boulevard Pool! My daughter (2 and a half) and I had a blast!  Skating up at the Boulevard Pool was so relaxing. Nice views of neighboring hotels. The atmosphere was perfect. I liked that there was plenty of seating with fire pits to enjoy s'mores and hot chocolate. We didn't take advantage of the fire pits this time but I definitely plan on returning with my entire family.I hadn't planned on skating tonight. I wanted to just take my daughter out for a fun night of people watching, but after watching others and seeing that they offered ride on seals (?) for kids, we decided to rent our skates!The size of the rink was just the right size for us and every single employee was so accommodating and friendly. I found it difficult to hold my skates, my daughter's skates, and the seal so one employee brought everything to a nearby bench and another helped bring that seal to the ice rink for me. They helped adjust my daughter's skates too when they thought it was too loose. Anyway, service is everything to me and the service was top notch tonight. I loved it so much that I would consider a season pass here if available.
5	As a kid, I've always wanted to go ice skating in Central Park after seeing it on Home Alone 2. It looked so cool because growing up in SoCal, there is no such thing. Maybe iceskating rinks but nothing outdoors like in the movies.Well fast forward x amount of years and as an adult, I've come to realize that I despise the cold. The winter months in Vegas are bearable but it's not the most pleasant 3-4 months of the year for me. So the whole NY in winter thing--scratched off my bucket list a long time ago.Then some genius had a plan and the Ice Rink at Blvd Pool opens at my favorite hotel and casino. This was my opportunity to do the whole outdoor skating thing amidst the beautiful backdrop of the Las Vegas Strip. No pun intended but this is the coolest thing on the Strip right now. It's an activity that the whole family can enjoy. Even if you don't want to ice-skate, you can hang out in front of the fire pits and make some s'mores and sip on some hot cocoa or any number of winter-inspired adult beverages. They serve hot dogs, hamburgers, even grilled cheese with tomato soup! I didn't get a chance to try any of the food but the chili in a bread bowl looked really good. I hope this becomes a yearly thing that they do here at the Blvd pool. I had an awesome time but I think what made it so great was doing it at night. The scenery isn't the same without the Vegas lights. I am so glad I was able to experience outdoor iceskating like in the movies. No it wasn't in Central Park but who needs to travel all the way to NY when you can ice-skate on the Strip, in the TRUE city that never sleeps.
4	I was actually pretty excited to learn that you can Ice Skate on the strip in Las Vegas! Two places were offered, the Venetian or at the Cosmo.  We chose the Cosmo simply because of the Groupon deal and it was on!  10 of us went on Friday night and we had a blast!  I think ice skating is more fun if you go with a bunch of friends or if you go with a significant other.  But since I lack the latter, of course the bunch of friends was the case and it was a great break from the long week of school we all had!  Something to note is that the ice rink is pretty small and that it can get pretty crowded with everyone on the ice.  You can't go very fast around the rink since there is a high chance of running into someone while you are gliding.  But it's a pretty cool atmosphere with the PH right across the street, the Las Vegas lights all around!  Definitely something to check out this winter season! =)
5	A great place for friends, families and even a date night.  Cosmo transformed the pool into an ice rink and they did such a great job!!!  The fire pits along with the yummy warm alcoholic beverages made my night!  When we needed a break from skating we sat down and enjoyed a cocktail overlooking the city.  The view is to die for!  I think the view was the best view of the Las Vegas strip.  Moderate prices for skating, I think $20 for the skate rental.  There is no entrance fee, so anyone can go and watch and enjoy the views.  I would recommend this place to anyone and everyone!
5	So I'm honestly pretty terrible at ice skating. Mainly because I have a fear of pain, and the idea of falling on ice doesn't seem too pleasant. My boyfriend wanted to do something different, so ice skating seemed like a solid idea.Upon arriving at the ice rink, which is located directly at the top of the Cosmopolitan (look for the sign that says floor 4 boulevard pool), the staff was immediately helpful and friendly. If you're a local, the admission and rental fee will add up to be $15, for non-residents it'll be $20. After receiving our skates, I immediately fell in love with them. The style of skates allows you to adjust the individual clips so it's tight enough for you to walk around and skate comfortable. The ice rink itself was small, but comfortable. It allowed enough space for you to skate around without being jam packed against the other skaters.After you've had your ice skating fill, head over to the bar and get yourself a drink and even food! My boyfriend and I chose to get a s'mores kit for $10. It included a pack of graham crackers, 3 Hershey bars, a pack of marshmallows, giant skewers, and even wet naps! The kit was definitely worth the price and made the whole experience even better. If you're looking to bring a date, be sure to check out the ice rink on Monday nights. They have a special date night theme where they show scenes from various holiday movies. On Thursdays, it's throwback time! Eat s'mores, drink, and skate all while listening to some classics from the 70's all the way to the 90's. The ice rink at the Cosmopolitan is definitely something they should continue to do every year. It adds some festive family fun to Vegas during the best time of the year!
5	what a great afternoon of skating. Firepits, tv's to watch football, the best smores and hot chocolate. Go Cosmopolitan
3	the ice felt as though it had ridges throughout and I was one of the first on it that day.  That being said it was still a very cute set up and I can suggest that it is a cute date place to go.  They ahve a few fire pits set up and serve hot chocolate and other holiday themed drinks.  The hot chocolate wasn't good.  I would suggest trying something else.  It felt very thin like water and the packet hot chocolate, but it was in the wrong proportion.  Maybe better once they start showing holiday themed movies and stuff.
5	Great food, great drinks, great time!!!  A great place to hang out on the strip that is unlike any other.  Definitely will be going back before it closes for the season!
4	Went here twice in one weekend!  The ice skating rink itself is very small, so I'd suggest grabbing a few chairs by a campfire and making S'mores.No, really - they sell S'mores kits.  And alcoholic beverages with marshmallows.  I'm sold.The bar was pretty slow when I went up there, and it wasn't terribly busy so I don't know what the hold up was.I absolutely LOVE the atmosphere of this place, and the ice skating happens to be a (mediocre) bonus.  Local?  Get a discount on ice skating at least.  =)
5	Ice skater?  Nope, but last week I was there for two days in a row and would definitely like to return soon.  Yep, I had that much of a fun time.  Even though it's a small rink and the first night that I was there (it was for a Vegas Seven/Wendoh Media event) it was a private event, the place was PACKED!  I got semi-claustrophobic waiting around and just ended up enjoying the freebies that they were passing out--food and drink samples, as well as s'mores kits.  It really was tons of fun, just not with tons of people running into each other on a tiny rink.  So, after probably an hour of playing catchup, went home.I returned the next night to enjoy some QT with all sorts of Yelpers and that was definitely a much more enjoyable experience.  No it wasn't as packed, but that was a good thing, since I got through the line, signed my life away quickly, and then went and threw on some skates.  I'm not gonna lie, I was afraid for my life when I first stepped on the ice, but then after a few minutes, it was like riding a bike: FALL a lot, then get up and try to not fall as much.  Yep, It was fun and I was even able to see some old and new Yelpers enjoying themselves at this event.  I definitely felt more able to breathe, enjoy my time, NOT show off my nonexistent skating moves (as opposed to the previous night), and getting a taste of the "cold" that everyone else is experiencing at this time of year.Thanks so much to Misti for setting this up and I'm also glad that you threw in the toy donation stipulation as part of this.  It was definitely worth it and at least my butt is not screaming in agony like it was the very first time that I attempted to ice skate.Can't wait to return :)
4	Nice view of the strip being on the rooftop of the Cosmo. My hubby and I would come here with visitors just to take pics and now there is something extra to do for the winter-ice skating! I have not done it since I was a kid, so I did not try it, but people looked like they were having fun! Instead, we enjoyed good company and the fire pits. The bartender told me you can buy a Smore's kit for $10 which looked fun. It seems like a fun place to hang out and there are lots of chairs set up everywhere if some wanted to ice skate and others didn't. I love the idea and since they are the first on the strip to do a rink rooftop-thumbs up! :)
4	On my second visit to the Ice Rink at Boulevard Pool, I was meeting my friend who also has a little girl. We were both so excited about the little orange seal for them. We arrived in the early afternoon and they were already sold out! We had to be put on a wait list and eventually got two seals.When we took a break for lunch, we had our two seals parked next to our stroller. Someone snatched it from us when we looked away for a brief moment! I don't think it's clear to everyone that the seals need to be rented. The menu should state it clearly but instead it says "skate aid".  We had to be put on a wait list again!I think they should consider purchasing more seals to have on hand especially since it was not even busy when we visited. Also, purchasing additional helmets would be useful too since they were limited in the small sizes for kids.Overall, it was still a fun time. We roasted marshmallows for our s'mores. The grilled cheese sandwich and soup combo was delicious!
3	A cool concept to get people to the hotel and hang out around a pool area that can't be used during the winter. I was expecting a larger ice rink but I guess you can only expect so much when they put it over the pool area. We did have a great time hanging out around the ice rink and ice skating (although I am terrible at it). I do wish it was a little bigger and I think they might need to smooth out the ice after a few hours of use as it does get a little worn after awhile. The area around the ice rink is nice - lots of chairs/tables to hang out and enjoy the view of the strip. You can also purchase smores to roast over the fire pits and enjoy some alcoholic drinks or hot chocolate while hanging out. There is also a foosball table to challenge your friends on. Overall a good concept for those that want something different to do during the winter in Vegas.
3	I've never ice skated before, so this marks off a bucket list item for me. The transition from pool to winter time rink was great. The bonfires, hot chocolate and s'mores I saw really amped up the atmosphere.As for skating, we got there around 9PM on Wednesday, which is "Drink at the Rink" night, where you can get free Ice Skating Access after RSVPing on another local website. Skate rentals are not included.I think they could have made their skate rental system better. Maybe a time system or something, since if they ran out of a particular size, you just had to wait for someone to return their skates. (Is this how ice rinks normally work?) I checked in and paid around 9:15 and didn't get on the ice till 30-40 minutes later. Originally, they told me to just come back later and see if they have skates in my size. Rather than risking the chance of someone else getting a skate in my size first, I just stood at the counter the entire time. Not fun when your friends already have skates.Since it was my first time and all, my friend rented a skate aid for me, a red baby seal that you can sit on or use to balance yourself. Well, I totally rocked the baby seal once I got on the ice. Ok not really. I was probably the slowest on the ice! I fell once and my seal got turned over. "SEAL DOWN, SEAL DOWN!" a few passersby yelled out. Highlight of the night.
1	Absolutely awful. Luckily we got our money back for our skates/rink access. There is absolutely no advertising for the rink that you must reserve a fire pit. When we got there, the bar confirmed that the pits were first come, first serve. So we wait for a group to leave their pit, but when we walk up there to sit we were told by a server it was reserved by someone for 6:30 (we were told this at 6:00). What reservations? There is no reservation phone number on their website, and there is clearly nothing stopping anyone from siting wherever they want. So IF there actually are reservations, and we made one, we would have to ruin some family's night by kicking them out of "our" table, since none of the pits are roped off or have any indication of being exclusive. By 6:50 nobody was at that pit still. Another pit had been broken the entire time we were there, with maintenance supposedly on the way. They never showed before we finally left the hotel. Every employee at the rink, bar and otherwise, gave us the run around about both the "reservations" and the maintenance. The bar will tell you to ask the rental place, and vice versa. So we spent our whole time there sitting at a broken pit. None of the staff there has a clue what they are doing or how to answer questions. One family who had claimed a fire pit had a horde of children who would regularly pile their empty skates in the middle of the walking space by those particular 3 fire pits. A large pile that every passing person would have to leap/trip over all night. Management clearly doesn't care about liability. We got maybe 5-10 minutes of skating time, after the sealing debacle. $45 for 10 minutes at most. Why? They had to take 40 minutes to clean the ice. The last 10-15 minutes were the staff pretending to clean/polish the ice, because some sap had to propose to his girlfriend on the empty ice before they let anyone back on. So we were stuck waiting around for these people to show up and their 'special moment' to get under way. Was it necessary to inconvenience 100 people/families? You can't do that crap at the end of the evening for the final polishing or maybe after closing? Clearly the rink is willing to make such arrangements, so there must have been a better way.Such a waste for such a small rink and so few fire pits (a grand total of...5). If I even attempt to go again, which I most likely won't, I definitely won't be paying them money for meager s'more kits (ill bring my own) and I won't reserve any hope for a fire pit. I'll attempt a reservation but there's clearly no way to enforce it. We will also apparently have to plan for being there for 4 hours to account for personal announcements and exaggerated cleaning time.
4	Fun ice skating for adults.  Love the firepits and alcoholic hot drinks.  Better for hanging out than skating since the rink is so small.  Only advice is get there by 8pm to avoid long lines for skates because  supplies are limited.  Last time people had to wait for skaters to return their skates because the supplies were so low.
1	Let me start by sating that I am a fan of most things that the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas does.. I go there for concerts, dining, and just hanging out when friends are visiting Las Vegas. This Ice skating situation  however.. the worst scenario I have ever partaken in at the Cosmo. Here's Why: it Sucked. From the start.. if you decide to want to take part in skating, but you are not a regular ice skater.. it will cost you $15 per pair of skates. Kind of a rip off. The thing is, we figured it was once a year and we would deal with it so we purchased skates. Waited 15 minutes in line, 20 minutes, 25 minutes, 30 minutes.. it's 35 degrees.. get half way to the front..  They ran out of skates and now people are waiting on the side of the rink to get skates from people. I asked for a refund. On top of it all, the ice rink is little. Very little. People are going by every 10 seconds. It's not cool, and doesn't seem worth it.  figuring that the the advertised smores  and firepits would save the evening,.. we got some smores kits ($12 each) and proceeded to a firepit where some people were leaving. At this point the server brings the smores kits, and we talk to the people leaving. The fire pits say RESERVED,.. I'm assuming for paying guests. The one young (tennage) girl we talked to said have a seat we are done and leaving, another says .. "we will let you know when we are done" ..lol.. we just sat down around her and she left. The fire pits were barely hot enough to roast any marshmallows. It was like single flames the size of that from a personal lighter scattered among coals.  This is no exaggeration. It was lame. I just have never been so disappointed in my entire time of hanging out and playing at the Cosmopolitan. Epic Fail. Better luck to you!
3	I would say this is a must do if you have kids or grown ups who love ice skating (me).  The hubby was not jazzed about this activity, but its a fun little date.  You can buy a little s'mores kit and sit by the fire pits, roast some marshmallows, and have some wintery adult beverages.  The rink is small but it is real ice, unlike the rink at the Venetian.
4	If you are in Vegas during December/January and want to get into the winter spirit, you have to visit The Ice Rink at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. The ice rink itself is a bit small but still good fun. And instead of a zamboni to even out the ice, they have a man-boni! LOL...hey the guy said it himself, I didn't come up with it. It was pretty packed, but of course it was Friday nite. They have two or three fire pits and a bunch of heated lamps surrounding the ice rink as well. It's great fun for the family because adults can drink while kids make smores around the fire. They also offer bar type food like cheeseburgers, hotdogs and such. The smore kits are a genius touch to this makeshift winter wonderland. It was freezing up there, so come prepared and wrapped. The only bad thing, is the price to take part in the fun. $10 bucks to skate, plus $5 to rent skates and this is for NV residents. So if you've got 2 kids plus an adult...well you do the math!I paid less for 4 cocoas and a smore kit!?!?!  But it was worth it since my kids did have a great time. I advice going early or during the week when it isn't likely to be busy.
4	I would give it five stars if the hot chocolate was better. I know I may sound picky but it tasted like poison, and we kept asking for new ones, and the taste never changed :( I was with 3 other people so at least I know I wasn't the only one. The rink was beautiful and I loved the out door atmosphere like a Winter Wonderland. I also ordered a grilled cheese with tomato soup and that was sooo good! (wish that chef would help them at the bar with the hot chocolate) :) I had fun though!!:)
3	Too small.  But beautiful pool.  Something different for Vegas.
4	What an experience!!  This is happening in Vegas!!  Hooray :)  I would love to give 5 Stars but the area is too small and I see way too many kids getting running over by the crazy adults.
5	Very fun idea!  We spent a gorgeous Saturday morning lounging by the fire pit with scrumptious s'mores martinis and working our legs by carving some ice.  I was quite surprised with the reasonable prices for a strip venue.  It only cost $15 for locals with skates.  We got there early and scored perfect rink side seats and even had the ice to ourselves for a bit.  It got busy but not insane.  Very family friendly.It is small... but what do you expect for an ice rink on the roof of a hotel in the middle of the strip in the middle of the desert?!? I think the whole concept was fairly amazing.I would definitely return with out of towners next year!
5	My girls had a blast !!!!!  Love this place !!!!  Can't wait till next year!!!
5	An ice skating rink located in the heart of the Las Vegas Strip!  Beautiful views of the Strip,with the Paris Hotel as your backdrop!   http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-ice-rink-at-boulevard-pool-las-vegas?select=zPKFA4kff40clZ_HBPPEeg#b8PRUQg9QgZUOYqugctVHQHOURSDuring the months of November-January (check website for exact dates)Monday - Friday: 3:00 pm - 11:00 pm Saturday & Sunday: 11:00 am - 11:00 pmPricing:$15 All Day Skating Access$10 All Day Skating Access for Nevada Residents $5 Skate Rental fee $5 Skating Aid Rental fee Admission to the The Ice Rink area is free*Children 17 years and younger, must be accompanied by an adult that is 21 years or older.ENVIRONMENTLocated in the swanky, glitzy Cosmopolitan hotel. Take the escalator to the 4th flr.  2 campfire spots available. Ample amount of benches. Bar available. At the bar you can get your hot cocoa (with a shot of vanilla stoli, hehe), appetizers, & don't forget your smore kit!SERVICEFriendly & quick staff.  Well staffed & helpful.CONCLUSIONGreat activity to do in Vegas if you go during the winter months! & Kid friendly!!
4	Move aside pool parties, it's winter time! Love the idea of turning the rooftop pool into an ice skating rink. For families and daytime fun, this is where to be! For $20 ($15 admission and $5 skate rental), you can enjoy a family bonding or romantic ring-a-round on ice. With fire pits set up and marshmallow for purchase to make smores, the Cosmopolitan really knew how to turned their rooftop to a winter wonderland for both kids and adults. Alcoholic holiday themed beverages are also available at the bar. The only downside is the skate they rent out is not the most cushioned. You'll be taking breaks in between for the life of your feet. But nonetheless, a very fun experience especially if you don't have an ice skating rink year-round in your hometown.
5	Ice Skating on top of a casino need I say more??This was a fantastic time!!! My 9 year old and all of her preteen friends loved ice skating here... whats not to love?? Bright lights, a good christmas movie playing in the background, sipping hot cocoa by the fire and to top it off you can ice skate with a seal?!?! haha... im in!Its not always the easiest time to find something that I can enjoy on the strip and my daugther can have fun too in a safe kid-friendly environment but this was the perfect combination!-- We will be coming back next year for sure and I suggest that all the little families come check this out.... during the week so its not so crazy-Vegas crowded... ******Bring on the Hot Cocoa******
5	the guys who put this together are GENIUSES! i mean, gaming and the casino are cool and all, but, why not do something that is not traditionally Vegas. you know, cause it's in the desset and all. enter The Ice Rink. mama and i found a Groupon for here. rentals and all for only $15 for the both of us! how can we not go here? this place is so much fun. and that' coming from a guy who hasn't ice skated since i was 16 and was pretty crappy at it even then. we spent about an hour and a half there, working up a dinner appetite. the place was relatively full. the zamboni came by  to do a clean up too which helped out. falling on our a$$es, spinning and twirling and just reliving our youth, was how we spent this 90mins. did i just say that it was fun?mama and i also embibed in a couple holiday adult beverages while waiting for the zamboni. delicious pumpkin spice latte cream nog drink thing. they should've been delicious considering they cost $12-$15 a piece. fake grass surround the rink and some nice fire pits and lounge chairs surround the place. overall, a great idea and a great time had by us. we'll definitely put it on our to-do list if we are back in vegas and a Groupon is available.
5	I had an amazing time with my girlfriend and pals. This really doesn't have to be an expensive endeavor- especially with the living social coupon. The specialty drinks are AMAZING and pack a punch if you want to spend and extra buck. Also, the smore kit, though overpriced is so worth buying and using around the first-come-first-serve fires. Also, go on a monday! Its movie night and they play movies on the marquee! Rink is small, but if you arent a pro, you wont mind! Excellent time, cant wait to return!
4	When a couple friends said they wanted to go ice skating, I immediately thought of the Yelp event I attended at the Cosmo Pool last winter, so I suggested we go there. The fact that there was a LivingSocial.com deal going on for the ice rink sealed the deal. We decided to go on a Thursday, because it was throwback night and we wanted to skate to some 80s music. I like that there are different themed nights during the week, Mondays are date night for all you lovebirds out there, and Wednesdays are Industry night.If you do not take advantage of a special deal like we did, and you have a Nevada id, it is $10 to skate (or $15 for non-locals). Skate rentals are $5. If you are not skating, there is no charge to hang out and watch. The staff at the Ice Rink were all very friendly, from the person handing out ice skates to the bartenders making my spiked hot chocolate.  Which was excellent, as it should be for $13. While food and beverages are available, they are at Strip prices. The actual skating area is on the small side, and it gets crowded pretty quickly. There were quite a few inconsiderate skaters (going the opposite way of the rest of the skaters, full grown adults 'riding' the skating aids which I am pretty sure are intended for children only, and so on). Despite this, it's something worth experiencing. You are ice skating on the Strip, with views of the Eiffel Tower, Bellagio and City Center. It really doesn't get much cooler than this.
4	This is so awesome.  This was the only one of the three Vegas places we went to this weekend that had REAL ice on the ice rink!  I really wanted to try my hand at ice skating, but one, I was sick and two, it was PACKED.  Crazy how many people are there!  I love the concept, but the rink is small. I also love how the whole thing just has a festive air about it and that you can get a S'mores package and find your way to a public fire ring to toast your marshmallows or you can reserve your own personal fire ring (with a minimum $200 purchase of course).  Monday night movies, also a great idea... we meant to come back on Monday but did not make it... was hoping to see if the sound improved over the summer movie sound the last time i was there.  Overall, the Cosmopolitan gets another win with the Ice Rink at the Boulevard Pool.  Such a fun experience.  I love this place.
4	It was my first time here with the Ohana too start our Family  Christmas Day. I passed on the skating only cause seeing size of the rink and amount of people out on the ice really no  room too skate. Reality is the rink is more of touristy thing due too the location. Location something will give DUE props for its unique settings on the strip and look around skies see other hotels and most notable see Huge banner with Britney Spears as she starts residence across the street. The lighting is great get too see everyone out on the ice. The music, random fire pits all around the rink, seeing people roasting marshmallow, heat warmers around, wooden benches around sit down eat some food or put on your skates, and notice heated pool that can thaw out feet if need be. The prices for rentals not that bad. Overall something different too do at night in Vegas during the winter, seeing all the family and kids running around get sense of the holiday spirit, and nice departure going too the strip other then gambling.The only thing felt could have done more is have more locker space or someplace too secure your belonging and shoes/slippers or whatever. It small area that when it gets packed it feels overbearing at times. Watchful of your belongings cause never know if its going too be there get off the rink. Just sayin.
2	I would say this is a place for tourists and locals should stick to the permanent ice skate rinks around town. The rink is very small and when my friends and I went, it was a see of people literally "walking" around the rink- they were so packed in that actual skating was not an option. Everyone there seemed to be enjoying themselves: families, kids, and couples. The fire pits added to the festivity of the rink. The menu had some fun food and drink options.
2	Over crowded, small ice rink. There is not enough walkers (seals) for young kids/beginners. Be there when it opens if you need a walker for your child. We waited for 2 hours for a walker but no luck!
4	A few things you should know about this review.1) I am from the NY/NJ area and have been skating at Rockefeller Center (ok, not skating per se but going there) since I was in diapers.2) I am skeptical when a big machine like the Cosmo puts up an attraction essentially for kids as the Casino is not the best place for kids.That said, I really enjoyed this place for the following reasons.1) it is only 10 dollars for locals and 15 for visitors.  This is not unreasonable given the demand and the size of the rink.  2) At the bar they have a chef making gourmet hotdogs, pierogies, grilled cheese etc and the food is good and really not that expensive ($20.00 for two entrees and a hot chocolate).3) Although the rink is on the small side, there seemed to be enough room for everyone and they have those plastic seals to help the bad skaters get around.  A few people took tumbles and paramedics were nearby to lend a hand even though I doubt there was any serious injuries.4) The staff is super friendly and there are foosball tables around the center.5) Even the fire pit reservations are not outrageous.  For 4 people there is a $200.00 food and drink minimum and you get marshmallows to toast over the fire pit.  We didn't partake but It could have been a lot worse.6) There is a sports lounge area right by the rink with couches to watch the games.So this place rocks.  The rink is too tiny and there isn't enough seating for the parents but other than that, Kudos to Cosmo for pulling this off right.
5	This is the best ice rink in town. I've now tried 3/4 ice rinks in town and this one wins. They keep the ice in tip top shape so it's the perfect mix is glideability (yes, I just made up that word) and traction. They always have groupons so be sure to watch for those. The cute orange seals are $10, but whatever. It was funny when I bought one, and the girl went to put it down, and in the duration of my transaction, some loser came and stole it. She said "are you serious!?" And gave me another. I later saw him and his 5 friends sitting on their free otter racing around the ice, with no kids. You're welcome for that otter, dude. It took a lot of will power to not punch that guy in the face, but I digress. The rink is rather small, especially with a family of 4 and tons of uncoordinated adults that somehow manage to fall more often than my 3 and 7 year olds... How does that happen? But it's a ton of fun to be outdoors on the strip ice skating on perfectly zambino'd ice. I'll see you next year!
5	I frequently attended Movie Mondays in the summer so I was really excited when I found out that Cosmopolitan outdid themselves again by adding a winter twist of Movie Mondays. The ice rink in 2013 was bigger than 2012 but I found the ice rink to still be on the small side for the amount of people on the rink. The rink was hard to skate on because the surface was not smooth and people were trying to make snowballs from the broken/shredded pieces of ice. It was also very crowded. The experience was still fun nonetheless but I hope cosmopolitan expands once again in 2014!
4	I've been to Cosmo's ice skating rink since its conception about 2 years ago, and I dunno how they do it but, it gotten BETTER this year. With the added feature of actual "falling snow" to an extended food menu, I wanna say that Cosmo rink has outdone itself this year. I had their tomato soup and grilled cheese which was quite good considering the soup was thick and not too watery, which is much to my liking. Grilled cheese was on thick pieces of bread. Also got to sample their vegetarian chili and cornbread. I wish I got larger pieces of cornbread but, chili more than made up for it with its spicyness. I would've given it 5 stars had it not been for those darn firepits. I had heard they were charging for firepits so, I wanted to get an estimate. Went thru Twitter to get one and they replied with someone to email. Ok --- I emailed and they asked for "amount in party, what day, what time...etc" as all those factors would go into the pricing. That's just stupid bcuz being of the spontaneous kind, idk all of that.... And my friends and I all have constant every changing schedules. I just thought to screw the firepits!They tryna get bottle service type-ish with them firepits. Vegas Life, I tell ya :(
5	I hate the cold and I can't even ice skate, yet I still had an amazing time at the Ice Rink at the Cosmopolitan. Yeah, I'm one of those wall huggers at the ice rink. (Don't make fun, it's not nice). My husband, who is a more advanced ice skater, pushed and steered me around the rink until we finally decided to rent a kiddie seal ($10). It was pretty hilarious being pushed around while sitting on a bright orange plastic seal. But hey, I got around a lot faster on that thing than on my own two feet! The Ice Rink itself is smallish and quite crowded, but I guess that just adds to the festive atmosphere. We went on Monday, which is "Date Night" at the rink. The movie line up included Home Alone, Home Alone 2, and the Griswold's Christmas Vacation. The movie screen is placed higher than I'd like, and there's not much seating available, but the audio is great! For 2 skate rentals and skate passes, the total came to $30 (that's the locals price). *They only need to see 1 local ID for the discount.The Olaf's Warm Hug hot chocolate ($6) is the best goddamned hot chocolate I've ever tasted. The bartender, whose name was Crystal, was an absolute sweetheart and quick too! She asked if I wanted marshmallows or whipped cream. Can I have both? Of course, she said! I was also ecstatic to learn that the Ice Rink serves vegetarian chili and cornbread. I'm going to come back just to order this!  When our group of 6 was standing by two bar tables sipping on drinks, we were freezing our asses off. There was a heater right next to us, but it was off. When I was ordering my Olaf, my husband asked the waitress if someone could turn it on. Less than a minute later, someone fired it up and then we were all toasty as hell. Sweet! I guess all you have to do is just ask nicely.  Good to know:1) There are two "communal" fire pits with seating up for grabs.2) You can reserve your own private pit for up to 6 people. The party is required to spend a minimum of $200 on food and drinks. We were told that the private rental includes ice skate rentals and passes, as well as two drinks. *We should have done this! I think it totally would be worth it. There's always next time... 3) There's two pool tables you can use. Not sure what the service fee is though.
3	It's pretty neat that the Cosmopolitan turns their (4th floor) rooftop Boulevard pool into a skating rink in the winter- better than that, they surround it with firepits and add a food booth where you can get goodies like pierogi, chili, soup, and grilled cheese, not to mention a make-your-own-s'mores dessert kit!Staff are friendly and reservations for the fire pits are encouraged- though they have a few available for walk-in business, the place IS busy so you shouldn't bank on getting one. Skate rental, socks, and skate passes available to enjoy the ice- glad that they have a locals pass to cut some of the fees.
4	Great view of the strip.  Friendly service. Winter wonderland feeling in Las Vegas.My girlfriend and I (Vegas locals) checked this out the night before NYE 2015 and we were very happy with the experience.  It was about 35 degrees out and with the palm trees along the edge of the rink and the strip in the distance, it truly was a unique way to experience Las Vegas in the winter time. After about 45 minutes of skating we each enjoyed a hot chocolate with Bailey's around one of the surrounding communal fire pits taking it all in.My only con is that the ice rink is very small.  This makes it feel very crowded and gets old somewhat fast.I truly recommend trying this out!
3	This place would probably be more worth it if you have a larger group and reserve a fire pit (or snag a communal fire pit). Still a cute place for a night out, though. I love that the skates had adjustable straps and very strong clips. Made it much easier than putting on bulky ice skates with laces.The rink.. I don't think it was actually made out of ice, it felt more like plastic covered in a thin layer of ice.. I could be wrong. Wasn't too busy when I went, so that was a plus.I hate being interrupted while asking questions.. "How much are the--" "$10!" "I was actually going to ask about the fire pi--" "Ask at the other booth, there's a whole different one designated for that." There was only one couple behind us while we were asking, so idk what the rush was all about.Also! My boyfriend and I went back after a while to rent one of those skating-support things, and right as the employee was passing it to us, another employee stops her and says "I've already rented this one out." So she says, "Whoops, sorry!" Then hands us our $10 back. Dude, seriously?? But it's fine, I got the hang of balancing.. Kinda haha. The workers at the podium near the fire pits were much more friendly and let me finish my sentence :-) Fire pits for a group of 6-8: ~$200 (which just means you have to at least spend $200 of food/drinks, but it also gives you a voucher on skates and entry).Couple's fire pits, you and your boo can sit with strangers: ~$85Communal fire pits: first come, first serve.Overall, I would go again next year. I just have to plan ahead and rent a fire pit, they're totally worth it.
2	Staff need to be more organized when it comes to crowd control and setting rules for kids. Might be better off coming to an event like this later at night when kids are tucked away in bed. The rink was packedChildren were free to be wild and though it is sweet and fun to see kids being active, they weren't safe going about it.Kids skating in between you as you're trying to tech someone else to skateParents just dropped kids off to skate on their ownForce their kids to stop in front of you so they can grab a Kodak moment.Those seal should be limited to kids who actually need it, it's a learning tool. Kids were using it to mount and race one another.Waste of money. Needs a lot of organization!!!
