2	I paid $16 for a haircut.  I got a $16 haircut.  No appointments, walk-in and put your name on a list.  They have not mastered the art of the scissors cut for men.  And don't expect any "eye candy".   If you don't want to pay much for a haircut and are fine with someone running a clippers through your hair, then this isn't a bad place.
1	They have no idea about hair cutting. They are just bunch of maggots. They don't care  about how you want you hair cut to be, they just do what they know or want. They have no sense of hair cutting at all. I just wasted my $15. Never ever go there if you don't want to look like an alien.
1	About four months ago I showed up for a haircut one hour before close and they were closed early, the woman behind the counter counting money giving me the neck-chop-dead-signal. Whatever. I come back today, on sign is lit so I walk in. The same older woman with sandly blonde hair tried to guilt me into leaving because there were other customers waiting and she was close to closing. As a person who works retail myself, I both understand her plight, and find this unacceptable. You cannot shoe away business like that, during your hours of operation, or people will write you negative reviews on yelp for all to see. How unprofessional. I told her it was her decision to either take my business or kick me out. She shot me a dirty look and put my info in their system. After staying and getting a haircut from the other person working, even after being given a dirty look by the older employee, I was very satisfied with my stylist's attitude and my haircut. In fact, I almost feel bad for writing a negative review based on the other employee, but I feel like the offending employee might have been the manager herself, making her rude attitude even more insulting. Hopefully whoever is really running that place reads this.
2	What you are looking at here is the barbershop equivalent of Hooters. It seems to be only women working there and they will ask you about your day and you job and shit while you watch a constant stream of ESPN on one of their many unnecessary televisions. They also don't seem to know what scissors are. The whole thing gives off this weird, creepy, corporate vibe by some company who is trying to genderify a haircut.But on the bright side a shampoo is included.
