5	I took my 7 year old Bassett hound in because her left eye started going grey and after being mis treated by squaw peak animal hospital for a week with no results and being treated for the wrong diagnosis twice.They were the nicest people.  They spent over an hour with my dog testing and checking her out. She has glaucoma which I guess is common for Bassett hounds. I won't lie, it is not cheap seeing a specialist for her eye but they really know what they are doing and it was worth every penny it it helps save her other eye from going blind. So, Thank You to Eye Care for Animals you guys are great!!!
5	Thank you to Dr. Barrett and to the entire staff of Eye Care for Animals for saving my dog's eye after an ulcer.  The receptionist, and all of the nurses were BEYOND extraordinary and I truly felt that they cared about my pup.  I never had to wait in the waiting room or in the exam room more than about 7 minutes, which is very appreciated due to my hectic work schedule.  After about a month of healing after surgery, my dog's eyesight has returned and his last stitch was removed today!!  I will never be able to thank this office enough and would recommend them for any eye care needs your pet may have.  They were amazing on all levels- primarily customer service, and quality.  Bravo for this facility.
5	I have to start with saying THANK YOU to everyone at Eye Care for Animals. The receptionist, the vet tech, and of course Dr. Barrett. I cannot express how kind everyone was to me and Gizmo here. We came in after being referred to have my dogs eye looked at by a specialist because they thought he had an object lodged in his eye. I brought him to ECFA and immediately everyone was so kind. They told me Gizmo needs surgery and I bawled my eyes out, one at the fact that my poor dog needed eye surgery and secondly because it was going to cost a fortune. I cried, they comforter me and made me feel better and helped me apply for a Care Credit. Had it not been for their kindness and helping me through that moment, I would have had a panic attack. Gizmo was in wonderful spritz when he was picked up after surgery and in great shape. They took amazing care of him and I am so thanf il for their hard work and sweet words. Thank you to everyone at ECFA and Dr. Barrett for saving my dogs vision!!
5	Poor Dexter got an ulcer on his cornea. My regular vet sent me here to have it checked out. It was bad enough that they immediately took him in back to get prepped for surgery. Near tears, they assured me he'd be ok. My biggest fear wasn't the surgery, it was the cost. Thankfully, they offer a few different payment options.We have since been back for 2 check-ups. Every time we go, everyone is excited to see Dexter. They told me they changed their mind about rat terriers because of his upbeat, friendly disposition. He's 12 pounds of fury! The staff is awesome. The facility is awesome. My dog is awesome!
5	Dr bracken from Arcadia animal clinic told me to go to this eye vet due to my kitten back in July becoming very I'll and a very nasty eye infection causing his eye to puff and close on him, he put my mind at ease and promised my lil boy would be ok and within 3 weeks 8 different medications and 3 visits (1 of which I went in because I freak out to easily) and my lil boy is all better! I wouldn't trust Any1 else with my animals eyes , he's patient and caring and did not get mad when my lil kitten tried to bite him after being handled to long :) will always recommend!
