5	This is fun, Alaskan, wood-lodge style eatery located in the same complex as the Chandler Mall.amazingly, for being so close to the mall, you get some pretty good seafood for a really good price.they have a full bar, compete with HH specials, though i don't recall being very impressed with the choices.
1	I am a complete fish lover.  Growing up that was my staple -- fish, all kinds of seafood, octopus, lobster, crab...I think you get the idea.I had passed this place on the way home one night and vowed to see what it was about.  I checked out their website -- not too shabby!Hubby and I decided to give it a go the other night.What a disappointment.  I can't even articulate about how overcooked my food was or how meagre the service was.  I practically begged for water and silverware.Words cannot describe how angry I felt when I left.  The food, the service, utterly disappointing.I ordered their Cedar Plank Salmon.  The salmon was so overdone that the edges were past the point of crisp -- they were burnt.  I asked our server if I could please get one that was not quite so charred.  I swear she rolled her eyes at me.The sides were the only highlight of that meal.  Hubby's meal was "ok" by his standards, but I could see a stream of resentment building in him.It was a Thursday night, not too packed, but busy enough.  Our server was more concerned with her chatter with the other servers.  It's one thing to have friends at work, but you don't neglect the customer.  I saw that we were not the only ones who bore the brunt of her bad service.When my plate came back, she slammed the dish down so hard that the salmon almost fell onto the table.Surly much?I can't give this place a good recommendation.  Their beer selection was ho hum as was their mixed drinks.Not a place I would recommend for friends or out of towners.
3	Eh.  Service was okay, food was okay, not terrible, but not terribly impressed.Oppressively dark (in terms of lack of lumens of light) ambiance. Coconut shrimp appetizer was tasty enough but nothing special.  Pecan-encrusted trout entree was a little dry; accompanying green beans were fun but the potatoes were outright boring.
4	I know, I know, seafood in Arizona?  Isn't that state land-locked?  Yeah, the food isn't amazing, unless you go in the summer months when they have Copper River Salmon flown in from Alaska each day!!Holy *&%@!! - it is so tasty.  You have to get there early for it though, because they will run out - true story!  One time, I was with my wife and a friend of ours at Ikea and I threw out the words "Copper River Salmon".  We made a beeline, of sorts, out of the store and headed over to Rockfish, all the while salivating for the feast that awaited.When we got there - they were fresh out of the prize we so desperately wanted.  I cried a little bit, then I wet my pants to show my disapproval.  It didn't get me any Copper River Salmon, but it left me drenched and sad.  We still ordered the other salmon on the menu, and it was good, but it didn't feed the need for the good stuff (*twitch, *twitch).  But have no fear, we returned the next week, early, and partook of the buttery goodness, then we left, bellies full and with a false sense of triumph.But, I am a legend in my own mind.So, check it out, get the good stuff, and just imagine how awesome the seafood will be in Arizona once that massive earthquake separates California from the rest of the nation.
1	well, maybe it was the  time I went or what I had but I would have to give them about the same rating as I would give red lobster. I can't understand how anyone could like Red lobster if you know what good seafood is.I was born and grew up with family from Baltimore Maryland where good seafood is what the city is about.I was excited to try it as I love seafood but my food just was not good. I can't say my service was all the great either. I would not go again
