4	I've been to Showmars a couple of times during my lunch break with co-workers.  It's casual, reasonably priced, offers good food, and the service is very quick.  No sooner than we've ordered at the counter and sat down, someone's bringing our food out to us. I usually always order the gyro ("yee-roh") pita sandwich.  Why?  I'm at a Greek-owned restaurant.  Of course I'm going to go with one of their specialties!  Plus, few places offer gyros...and I LOVE 'em!   I just try not to think of the lambs that were slaughtered so I could enjoy them rolled up in a tasty pita, dripping with tzatziki cucumber sauce.  The fries that accompany the pita are always very flavorful, too.  They're not your average french fry; they have a little spice to them.  My co-worker always orders the fish sandwich.  Why?  The menu says it's the "best fried fish filet sandwich" and he swears by it.  Go figure.
4	Even though all their good is deep fried and artery clogging, I truly love Showmars. My personal favorite is their fish sandwich with lots of tarter sauce and onion rings on the side. The fish is fresh and the onion rings are thick and delicious. I also like the gyros, fish platters, burgers, and hot dogs. It is a fun place to go for a casual lunch and I would definitely recommend it. My only word of caution is to stay away from the chicken tenders because they are frozen and not worth the money.
4	Love this place. Flavorful food, fantastic pricing plus attentive service. Don't let ordering at the counter put you off. The staff at Shomars speed you through the ordering process then they hand you a number and you choose your booth. Within minutes your food is brought to you piping hot. I generally order the large Greek salad with Gyro meat $6.95. They could easily charge $9.95 for this portion. I order an extra side of gyro meat $2.50 and it is a feast that quenches my XL appetite at dinner time. Order whatever you like...it all looks great!
4	I always passed this place never thought of going in until now! Glad I did their fried flounder, fried okra and coleslaw is to die for. Staff was super friendly. I will be making another trip there!
3	Always on the look out for a good Gyro! So I found this place on yelp and it was right down the street from the office in Charlotte. Huge place, not many people, strange vibe, very cafeteria type place. The cook was hitting on the cashier and chatting her up for about 5 minutes before she was able to take my order, interesting.......The food! The french fries were excellent, the side salad was great, the Gyro left much to be desired!
4	Since moving to Charlotte, my family has eaten out more in any given year than we ever did back home. Maybe it's because this city is overflowing with places to fill your belly and even though we do get home cooking around here, it's just been all kinds of fun to sample the local goods.We are loyal Showmars customers. The food is decent and similar to what we'd cook at home: comforting and no surprises.I like meeting my husband here for lunch (he loves the fried fish sandwich smothered in tartar sauce), taking my daughter here for a bite when we're done at the library, or going for dinner when we're all in the mood.My daughter loves the chicken strips meal with fries. Or the grilled cheese with fries.I'm partial to the fried fish sandwich, the Calabash shrimp meal, the grilled chicken sandwich, and the sweet tea.Refills included with all drink orders, friendly and on-point wait staff, efficient cashiers.And this place has ALWAYS been clean, no matter what time we've gone in. All Showmars locations are closed on Sundays.
4	I came here for lunch with my brother to take a break from studying. While I was here I ordered the old fashioned pita burger and to my surprise it was pretty good. I was thinking of ordering the seafood platter, but instead felt in the mood for something of a burger. The service was good and I had absolutely no problem. Food came promptly and well, Showmars is Showmars. Nothing new, place is clean with plenty of parking. Showmars for me is a once in a while kind of restaurant, not my daily hang out place. Anyways, this one is not badly located. Close to school, I can come by when I'm craving for some seafood or some Greek.
3	I probably am not best experienced to review because I rarely venture restaurant chains.  In fact, I avoid it.  Example, if ordering delivery pizza - I will search for a local pizza joint than a common chain like Domino's or Papa Johns.  I did, however, eat at Showmar's to meet up with a friend and it was my first time eating there.  Pro's:  convenience and speedy-quick in getting our meal; large selection of menu items/dinners; reasonable prices; large portions, so good quantity for the price.Con's:  the food quality was what brings the rating down...  my friend ordered his "regular" a lamb gyro dinner.  Sorry... the lamb did not look appetizing.  It look liked dried processed meat.  Reminds me of the movie "Bridesmaids", LOL.  I ordered the seafood platter and I knew it was fried but I didn't experience the sea-smell so I was quite confident that that the fish was not spoiled.  I believe the fish was flounder but it was quite thin - well, actually VERY thin.  At least they didn't overcook it.  And baby shrimp.  OK, I'll accept it.  But I would have been more impressed if the shrimp was larger.  Coleslaw was questionable... not sure how old it was... the mayo seemed kinda "sticky".  Husband ordered the tenderloin dinner.  We were advised that it was not beef but pork.  I recommend that they specify that on the menu.  It was "ok", but quite tasteless (not marinated).Overall, for a quick/convenient inexpensive meal, it "filled the hole".
4	Cant go wrong with this place specialy if you need a family eat out spot.
4	Great.  Never would have expected greek gyros driving by the place.We had great service, all the food was delicious and down to earth.
3	Was introduced to this greek fast food chain by my coworker. It reminded me a lot of California's Daphnes chain. Was overwhelmed by their extensive menu, and they seem to be known for their burger in a pita (forgot what it's called). However, I was craving gyro meat, so got the gyro dinner plate which came with a side salad, pita, gyro meat, sauce, french fries, and a drink! It was about $10. Very quick in service, and I had 2 boxes to take with me to go! Tons of gyro meat, but it was a bit dry. Their pita is really good, I think they fry it, giving it that extra yumminess. I ended up making my own gyro with the veggies from the salad. Their fries were the crinkle cut kind, and it was good, but way too much! I couldn't even eat half my meal!They have the special ice, which they put a ton of, which means getting a refill when you pick up your food! Staff are all very friendly and courteous as well. Casual greek food.
4	Love the fact you can't find this store anywhere but Charlotte...... (Sarcasm). I usually hate going out of town craving this type of food. It is definitely one of a kind. The Greek-american cuisine of Showmars is fantastic. From great salads, pitas, and fish plates, you will more than likely find something that more than suites your needs.The food is great. The prices are modest. Service is generally pretty decent but this place will get crowded at times. I would love this place more if they didn't charge you for ranch dressing. I swear that stuff is like an addiction. If you are a fan of ranch- BEST RANCH I'VE EVER TASTED. But only good at SHOWMARS RESTAURANTS, not in the mall. For whatever reason they dilute the dressing in the mall. Burger pitas and fries are awesome! Overall, I can appreciate a lot about Showmars, and can ALWAYS count on a good meal there. Free drink refills are always good too.
2	The food was good and the waitress was nice. But this restaurant was not clean. We were the first and only people in the restaurant on a Saturday morning and the tables were nasty. The floors had trash all over them. There was dust around the windows and possible old ketchup. I won't come back to this location. The one on east blvd is much cleaner.
4	Tasty fried flounder. GYROS! Multiple order lines. Adequate service. Crowded.
4	Usually have to make sacrifices when you are looking for something good, fast, and inexpensive, but Showmars fits the bill.  Granted it's probably not the healthiest of food options, but they provide quick service at affordable prices.  Win win.My one complaint about this location is the parking lot.  It gets super busy during lunch and between some of the landscaping and the layout, the parking situation can get pretty messy.Overall the staff is friendly and really cater to your needs while you are eating.  There's always a person walking around making sure you have refills and you got everything you need to enjoy your eating experience.
4	The Gyro was surprisingly good. I have been to 3 different locations. The food is pretty consistent and pretty good.
1	Food is it great it's Showmars at least they can't screw that up.  Service is poor especially for pick up orders.  If you call ahead they will put you on hold until you drive to the restaurant.   Never had a problem calling in orders at any other Showmars.
