5	I recently obtained a loan to buy a home through this company after being denied at another company for a minor glitch on my credit report.  I had the pleasure to work with Heath Schneider whose courteous, thorough and very efficient professionalism allowed me to obtain a loan that met my financial needs.  Everyone I dealt with was helpful and knowledgeable of the business and provided full disclosure up front.  Heath worked closely with his staff in order to find the right loan for me at the best possible interest rate.  I am thankful to Heath, the underwriter and everyone at Golden Bear Capital Inc. for their excellent service and expertise.  I would highly recommend anyone in search of a mortgage, hard money loan or any financial service to look into this firm first.
5	Golden Bear Capital is without a doubt one of the best company's to work with. The staff was second to none in customer service and patience. I would recommend contacting Mr. Schneider if you need a loan of any type. He will evaluate you and proceed at your speed. This is one of my top ten company's to work with! I would consider it to be my lender for life.
5	Golden Bear Capital is a great company to work this. The staff was very knowledgeable and answered all my questions. Mr Schneider was also great to work with.
1	Heath Schneider may be the most incompetent loan officers I've ever encountered!  He just cost & lost a wonderful home purchase for me,  all the while reassuring me he was 99.9% certain our transaction would close on time!  Not only did we not close on time,  his tactics used up all of our grace period to the point that the seller was so disgusted with us, they wouldn't allow us to come in with ALL CASH ( hard money) if they would have granted an additional extension!  To say that Mr. Schneider's methodology alienated the seller is a mild understatement.  Fortunately for us, they gave us our deposit back and basically told us we had wasted enough of their time.  I hate to say it, but Heath misunderstood and misrepresented our transaction so badly, all the while acting as a sophomoric cheering section with encouragement of our impending closure!!  I would caution anyone considering doing business with Golden Bear Capital and Heath Schneider!!   We almost bought a fantastically undervalued home in a multi million dollar neighborhood....and should have had the keys by now!!  Heath literally blew it for us and I'm not feeling all warm and fuzzy about it!  BUYER BEWARE!!
