5	I love this little place.  The duck fat toffee and the brown butter carmel corn at awesome!  I will be back!
5	This place is a little hidden.  I have walked by many times and never even noticed it!  I stopped in an ordered dessert with friend.  I had the Tres Leches---it was so very good!  Great portion too---big enough for sharing.  While I was eating, one of the employees offered me a taste of there carmel bacon popcorn---it was so good I bought three bags!!!
3	I came here because I wanted to buy local gourmet popcorn to send to a friend as part of a care package.  I first tried to go to Yuri's, but it was closed down.  Second, I tried this place.  It is located inside a shopping center and a little hidden away if you aren't looking closely.The inside is cute and quirky with lots of treats laid out everywhere.  I was really happy to see they had lots of bags of caramel popcorn prepared for sale.  I was a little concerned that the popcorn would not stay good if I had to send it via mail, but the bag indicates that it should stay good for 2 months!  The packaging of the bag was really cute too.The price of the popcorn was on the high side - more than $8 per 8 oz. bag.  And the flavor of the popcorn was just regular.  I got the "junk food" variety which came with caramel popcorn and caramel covered potato chips and peanuts.  Nothing about it blew me away (I actually did not like the potato chip bits), so I can't say I'd make the trip to come here again for the popcorn - but I would be willing to try something else on their menu. **Updated to add that two weeks later the unfinished bag of popcorn is still sitting in my kitchen, so it was clearly underwhelming. I decided to just toss the rest.Also take note that their summer hours mean they don't open until 11 a.m. and close at 6 p.m.
1	Wow... where to begin?  My wife and I saw a review of this place, and looked at the website... and wow, those pictures just make the mouth water!  We couldn't wait to come by and give the place a try!  Since it was Monday, we had an entire day to wait and think about what we'd get.  We even mentioned it to friends and got their order... time to make it a great day for the little shop!We made a special trip down to old town (30 minute drive), and came on in just after lunch.  What we found was... well... shocking.First... the smell.  I've never in my life been to a bakery that didn't smell like a bakery, with various forms of lovely food smells.  However, when we walked in we were immediately struck by the smell of musty oil and... dust.  Not a great start.  The owner was present, and wandered out disinterestedly to help us.  We went up to look at what they had... and here is their inventory... and I'm not joking.2 Oatmeal Rye Cookies2 Mesquite Chocolate Chip Cookies2 Cow Puncher Cookies1 Cupcake of some form, which was the SOLE occupant of their glass caseSeveral bags of packaged popcornSeveral bags of packaged brittleMiscellaneous tubs of ice creamThat's it.  In total.We asked about getting some of the Mesquite Chocolate Chip Cookies, but the owner told us that they liked to make everything fresh.  As in "please wait 45 minutes so we can bake new cookies".  Um... what?  Note that the website says "call ahead for cakes"... not "call ahead to have us actually have even a fraction of our inventory available, even cookies".I have never in my entire life seen a retail establishment that was more poorly conceived and executed.  If the owner wishes to run a catering business, great... run a catering business... but stop pretending you run a shop.  If you actually want to try this place's treats... call ahead... WAY ahead.
5	We love Super Chunk so much that we had to share the joy with our out of town wedding guests. Country, the owner, helped us out with a special order of their popcorn bags in a variety of flavors (chocolate bacon is my favorite, but my husband is obsessed with the junk food popcorn). She even asked what our wedding colors were, so that the ribbon on the bags matched! Country went out of her way to help us, and we can't recommend Super Chunk more! It's almost dangerous knowing that a shop with so many wonderful treats is so close to us in Old Town Scottsdale, but when you need to satisfy your sweet tooth, this is the place to go!
4	I'm revising this based on the excellent response from the management.  I am out of town and won't be able to try again in the near term.  Based however on their heartfelt and honest response I am upgrading my comments.  I look forward to someday trying them again!
5	Love this place.  The owners are two of the sweetest people (no pun intended) and their treats have always been a hit with myself, family, friends and clients.  Truly a gem in the area and a must stop when you're nearby!
5	Seriously the BEST peanut butter pie I have ever had! No wonder it is award winning!  The caramel candies are also super amazing!  I can eat an entire bag of the Junk Food popcorn in one sitting.  Love this shop for special treats!
5	Wonderful place.  Outstanding items made with imagination and skill.   OWNERS WERE BEYOND FRIENDLY. Black Licorice was amazing and I hate licorice.  Visit this place and you won't be disappointed.
