4	I used to rock this joint on lunch at Moon Valley High School across the street.  This is the best -bertos type place in the area, not fili b's, not Ramiro's, not Rolando's.Humberto's.  Best Carne Asada in the area.
5	Good thing this place is open late at night.  Food here is excellent, and doesn't taste burnt or overcooked like most berto places. They do charge a fee to use a credit card here so I would bring cash.
3	Based on my first meal there I can only give 3 starts for now. My 3 star is rating the food, not the complex or the interior. I will explain. The complex has been there for 300 years, it was updated once about 150 years ago. There is a Pep Boys, Country Boys, Ghetto Boys (just kidding) there is a MEGA liquidator, a RC Hobby Store, a lawn mower place, a guitar place, car audio and maybe 3 other places. The complex is in dire need of cleaning, paint and general upkeep. Humbertos is a dive, the interior is sparse and ugly, The decorations are strange and old. The paint is gross, the floor is decent but the entire seating area needs rehab-ed. The KITCHEN is Immaculate, I am talking clean. The cook knows that that is his domain and likes it clean like his 67 Impala. The food was priced reasonably, I had carne asada quesidilla, Ryan had pork and chicken tacos. The food was good. Right on par with other bertos, nothing stood out as bad or as excellent. The service was friendly and the food arrived quickly. If I were in the area getting my car worked on or picking through the junk at the Mega store, I would go back. I doubt I would go out of my way to come here.
5	Man!  Every visit to Arizona, I have to visit this place for a breakfast burrito.  Oh Humberto, how I miss you!!  the hot sauce has not flavor to interfer with the fabulous burrito, but it sure brings the heat, and brings out the flavor of the meal itself.  This truly is a most excellent hole-in-the-wall.Highly recommend Sausage Egg and Cheese burrito, with three doses of hot sauce.  yummmm
4	Was in town for a week and found this place wanting a breakfast burrito.  Ended up coming back 2 more times. Great value for the money.  I should've tried dinner.  Maybe next time.
5	Authentic!!!! Its the real deal! The chips and salsa...ORDER IT - a MUST HAVE! The only thing I wished for was a Corona beer to drink with it...but I was happy with the fresh cold jamaica.Great flavor...great service... VERY good local food...not fancy..but definitely worth the stop! The breakfast burritos are great as were the carnitas...! Will definitely be back!
1	We have been vomiting all night after eating here. Went in to talk to someone about it and they obviously don't care. Guy said oh well i didn't work last night. Looks like they have decent reviews, but i wouldn't take my chance again
4	LOVE the California Burrito. The place needs a Restaurant Makeover pronto! The charge for the debit machine should be eliminated. Nobody carries cash anymore. Include it in the price of the items so as to disguise it. It leaves a bitter taste in my mouth every time I have to use my card there. The guys are always friendly and say a genuine "thank you" every time I go there. I have tried a few other menu items and all are very good, but I gotta have my California Burrito with a side of guac & pico de gallo!
5	The guys that work there are great, they cook your food to order and FAST! Always fresh food and always delicious. Their shrim burritos are the best...big, yummy shrimp and lots of them! With their special sauce inside, rice, onions...just awesome. Mexican Cokes, Mexican sodas with REAL sugar. I always call ahead when I'm driving to LA and pickup a shrimp burrito or two and a Mexican soda for the long ride. Great driving food!
4	Went here for a breakfast burrito this morning. The place is a total dive, service is very slow, and cost was almost 2x what I'm used to paying, but that was a mighty tasty burrito that was well worth the wait!
5	We have been regulars for a long time but just noticed gey are gone. Don't know what happened but will miss them.
5	My fav Mexican joint is now permanently closwd from the looks of it. Went to get a shrimp burrito and they were closed. Phone number no good either. Sorry to see them go, they were good!
