1	If you want your fluffy gorgeous comforter to come back looking like a dingy, lumpy mess then take it here! The sign out front just says "CLEANERS" When bringing it in a guy clearly distracted by the soccer game was trying to get me out as quickly as he could so he could get back to watching.  When I showed him a stain I wanted removed he quickly brushed me off with "sure, sure. Come tomorrow." I should've grabbled my blanket & left right then.  The next day a young girl asked what my blanket looked like & if it was any laying by the door, I said no.  I showed her my ticket & she then asked me to look through the stack of blankets (WTH) I saw it at the bottom & she then handed me shirts that were on top. I explained the shirts weren't mine & she just shrugged it off & put them back. Not cool.  Once I got home I noticed taking it out of the bag it felt MUCH thinner. I set it on the bed to examine & sure enough all the filling was bunched together, color was completely off, stitching was frayed, there were extra stains that weren't there to begin with & it was as flat as could be.  We called & the girl said we would have to call after the weekend to talk to the manager. My husband went in & spoke with the manager who said he just followed the directions on the tag (riiiight) & that there wasn't anything he could do.  My husband told him that he should at least refund us the money of the cleaning which he finally agreed to.  Never taking my things here again! I will continue to make the drive to my usual place.
5	I have been using Sunshine Cleaners for several years and have been extremely satisfied. The employees are very friendly and professional and I would highly recommend them.
5	While visiting relatives in Peoria, I discovered  a stain on the shirt I was to wear to my nephews birthday party. I took the shirt to Sunshine Cleaners and they were able to remove the stain, wash & press my shirt. It looked like new. The employees were very professional, friendly & definitely saved my day.
5	Been using them for years and I highly recommend them. Very professional &  friendly.
