5	Early morning staff is always great.
2	If there was an award for worst service, this DD location would win it. Dunkin Donuts in Queen Creek has some of the worst service and employees I've ever experienced. Not once have they ever made the order right. I'm constantly repeating my order over and over, and somehow they continue to screw it up. I only come through around 7 on weekdays, so I can't speak for the later shift, but the employees at this time are very rude.
2	I hate giving out anything less than 3 stars but I have to say I have been so disappointed!  I really enjoy dunkin's coffee; it is so much better than Starbucks.  I go to this location about 3 days a week and I usually order the same thing all the time.  Now that it is fall I always get an iced pumpkin coffee w/ skim milk and splenda.  Out of the three times a week I'm there, they seem to get it right one of those times.  Most of the time they just give me a regular iced coffee... sometimes they give me cream instead of skim milk.  Its just frustrating because I never notice until I'm already thru the drive thru.  I just wish there was some sort of consistency.
1	Worst service ever. The cashier rather talk to her friends than sell donuts. Had to yell to get anyone to come over and help.  This was the afternoon crew.
1	I've tried this place several times and finally just gave up.  The service is always awful, donuts frequently taste stale, and the decaf coffee always cold.  Despite answering several receipt surveys, this place never improves.
3	Clean, friendly neighborhood store. Make sure to use your Dunkin Donuts mobile app to get discounts.
2	Go to the other Dunkin Donuts, on the corner of Rittenhouse and Ocotillo.  This one is ok, but I like the Peach Flavoring in my Iced Tea and this shop has the worst Peach Flavoring.  They say its because its sugar-free.  Ehhh...Otherwise, its a Dunkin Donuts.
5	Excellent service excellent coffee!  I visit this location everyday monday thru friday and it is always fast and correct.  The store is clean and well kept.
1	the manager, Debra is the rudest thing. Tried to intimidate me and told me off. DD is not worth it for that treatment.
5	Love the early morning crew... They are very efficient and friendly. The coffee is the best around.
