4	How often do you drive away from a auto shop feeling good??? Like Never. I was suprised with this place though.  Set of 4 name brand tires, and oil change for 425.  not bad.  They didn't try tp upsell or pressure me into other services I didn't ask for.   I will go back for other services.
1	WORST PLACE EVER! I went in for a simple alignment then was given a list of repairs that my car has to have or it would lead to even more costly repairs. The total came to 2400 but luckily being the daughter of a mechanic I had my father look at my car. It didn't need not one thing repaired! These guys are nothing but con artist that are only after making a quick buck off innocent customers! Beware of these up selling liars!
5	I was told by my Honda dealer that my front breaks were in desperate need of service. They gave my brakes 2 - 3 months to live. Just like a concerned parent, I was in panic mode. So...the next available chance I got, I took my baby (2005 Honda Accord) to the nearest automotive service station. Hey, Bruce Scher's Goodyear was next door to my dentists office. Get my brakes done while I get my fillings. Kill two birds with one stone right? Oil change? Why the hell not, throw that in there also. I got a call from the shop and the representative told me that the oil change was done but the brakes were not. He explained to me that I had at least 50% left on my front brakes. I was shocked! An honest mechanic...? Wow! I picked up my car and spoke to Brian, the mechanic nd he explained to me that he would never perform a service that was not needed. I thanked him for his honesty and I am glad that I took my car to this place. Honda dealers, you guys are shady and have no conscience whatsoever. I curse you unethical, disingenuous automotive repair shops. Honesty still does exist. You just have to be lucky. I hit the jackpot on this one. Bruce Scher....whoever you are. You run a tight ship. Kudos to the staff. You have just earned my business.
1	one star because I have too.I have never used foul language in a review so far and excuse what I am about to say but i cannot STAND these assholes.First visit, we went for an oil change.they completed it and all seemed well.Next oil change we went to Discount tires and they asked who did the last oil change. Told they good year.apparently, they did not have the correct filter needed and failed to mention that to us so made it work to make a sale.the incorrect filter was put on and strategically put on so it would work and we wouldnt notice.awesome.before that was noticed though,we went in for a second time to have the air conditioning fixed on another car we own. without even looking at it, they were able to give us a full description of what needs to be done and a quote which totaled to over $1400. thats right, $1400.wow, very impressive,without looking at the car you can tell exactly whats wrong?doubting what they quoted us was necessary, we went down the road to Discount tires.they took the car with a $100 payment to diagnose the problem and said that when they found out what was wrong, that $100 would go toward the cost of fixing whatever it was.a few hours later,they found the problem and that total lump sum owed was $400.so the jackasses at good year think because we dont know much about cars they can get away with charging us $1400? I may not know technical terms and what parts are what, but I know damn sure they should have LOOKED at the car. how would they know what the problem was? and how did they come to the conclusion that the ENTIRE air conditioning system needed to be replaced?I will be making a formal complaint to the company directly.Not only were they trying to jip us out of an outrageous amount of money,but when we went in to describe the problem, two of the staff members had horrid attitudes. my husband has a strong accent and didnt know the technical terms used, but when he would say something incorrect, they would make sure to point it out and put him down about it.seriously?he isnt a mechanic morons! dont you think if he was we would NOT BE HERE!?they could easiliy get accused of being racist because they make it more then obvious that my husband was irritating them.Im glad I didnt go in alone either though because Im sure they would have taken advantage of me because im a female.if you need any kind of car repair, go to the discount tire store on centennial headed toward north 5th. My husband and i have gotten all repairs done there since and have NEVER had any additional problems with what was fixed. The staff is VERY customer service savvy and treat you like family. We go so often and liked their service so much, were Discount Tire Credit Card holders.good year hired a bunch of mother fuckers.
