4	I went to this restaurant with a friend during an afternoon and the food was quite good and affordable. Service was quick and the waitor very polite and efficient. You will find there what you find in most Chinese restautants such as rice, noodles, shrimp, beef and chicken, but there are also several vegetarian options on the menu. I recommend the tofu general tao which was pretty cheap and quite good.
4	Probably my favorite chinese food place in Montreal. The portions are humungous and the price very reasonable.  I am a semi-regular customer. #28 - Chicken (chow mein) is by far my favorite.
4	This particular area of downtown is loaded with quality, affordable Chinese restaurants so you have to be good to make it here.  Nouilles Express is a no frills, low-cost restaurant serving up mighty tasty food.  It's quickly becoming my go to Chinese take out spot.They do all the dishes you'd expect from any Chinese restaurant.  I'm a fan of their hot and sour soup as well as the General Tao's chicken.  Portions are huge so what you can't finish you can easily reheat the next day.The restaurant is cash only so come prepared.  In case you forget there is an atm there so you can withdraw some.  I can't comment on the actual service in the restaurant because I only ever get take out here though they are quick at preparing take out orders.
5	Nice restaurant in the heart of Sir George Williams campus with quick service and yummy food. I took only a soup and the waitress looked disappointed, but I'll come back because the prices are friendly, the atmosphere is worth it and it's a perfect lunch solution between classes ! :)
4	Home of the de facto best GT in the downtown core.*Cash only. Why? SQUARE SQUARE SQUARE https://squareup.com/ca/*Wok Cafe really has the best overall GT if like, you entered all the Chinese places in the neighbourhood into a GT cook off and everyone had like, just, all day to prepare the single best GT dish of their lives. Except in the regular world where people go and eat GT everyday unannounced like, just, to feed themselves, Wok Cafe has plain ol' lost the ability to consistently prepare a good plate of GT, mostly on account of obviously having different people prepare their unique flavour of GT sauce every day with varying degrees of skill and success. I imagine at one time there was just one cook responsible for GT sauce making at Wok Cafe -- he was either the originator of the recipe or a disciple of whoever came up with it --and life was good. Then I guess he left or whathaveyou and all the other cooks figured "How hard can it be?" Pretty hard it turns out. At Nouille Express, the sauce doesn't have that level of complexity, but whoever is working the kitchen on any given day can produce a hot mountain of always crispy, well battered morsels of chicken covered in gooey sweet orange GT sauce that's maybe second fiddle at the GT cook off but wins my heart any other day of the week because it never disappoints. All I eat is GT so who knows about anything else on the menu. Seriously, cash only?
