5	Best archery shop in the valley. Great customer service and selection.
4	Even though I haven't purchased any equipment yet, we have inquired and have been impressed. The store itself seems well stocked for any adventurist! Different verity of Bows available including ranging in price. Staff is very helpful and seems very helpful, not pushy at all. Love the Friday night beginners class for learning!
4	Took a family archery lesson on the Saturday after Christmas. Really enjoyed the woman who gave the lesson - showed us what we needed to know and had a good sense of humor. Looking at the schedules they have a lot going on there which is great to see for the sport.
5	My fiance and I got  a Groupon deal for the introductory lesson. The instructor was fantastic. He was enthusiastic but professional and excellent at making sure everyone was having a great time.
1	if your over fifty and want to get into archery do not go here; 1 sold me a recurve with no documentation from the manufacture aka warranty2. got six arrows as long as a semi. 3. fletched arrows with no consistency of the feathers, should have been wht one out.4. attitude was OMG a beginner and not even considering a compound what a waste of our time.............
5	Awesome staff - brought my sons bow in (didn't buy it there) - they set it up and fixed the problems we were having with it.  They figured out that we were newbies and were very informative.  I will be needing a full set-up in the next couple of months and they have definitely earned that sale!!
5	We got a GroupOn for Archery Academy's Introduction to Archery for Two.  We were pleasantly surprised with the overwhelming response and we have 16 students in the class.  While the class was a bit larger than usual the instructor did an excellent job of personalizing the experience.  In addition to several ranges for target shooting, they have a well equipped store for all your archery needs.It made for a wonderful experience and we hope to be back again.
5	Archery Headquarters is great!!!!! Every member of their staff is very knowledgeable and always willing to help you and answer any questions you may have. They have an awesome range/ Dart range. Their new academy range looks as professional as it gets! If you're looking for a great indoor range with accommodating staff this is the place to go and you always feel welcome. I've been to some other pretty well known indoor ranges in the state and I can honestly say that this place is top notch. Archery headquarters has great prices on all equipment and academy prices compared to others for sure.
5	My friend and I (4th date adventure) used a Groupon to take the 1 hr beginner class.  It was SO fun!  Barry was a really energetic, informative and encouraging instructor. I was a little apprehensive about taking a class for all ages, but it went smoothly.  There was not a lot of waiting or catering to a particular group:  male/female/young/older/skilled/not-so-skilled.  No one was left behind or in a corner waiting for the next opportunity for a bull's eye!!!We had a really good time!  One of the best Groupons I've had (no, this isn't a Groupon review), and now I am considering an extended class.
5	Bought a gift for my done here had problems with it had to make a return they where great made the process very easy for me I spoke with George he helped me out
1	Had my son in classes here and they changed instructors with 0 notice i bought a bow from them that they recommended spent a few hundred bucks on it for my sons birthday they sold me a defective bow and when my son told me due to the fact that I know nothing about bows I tried to return it they won't help me out at all very bad company to work with the instructor is nice I must add
1	Wow, I just got back from shooting my bow here and I will never go back! From the moment I walked in the door these guys were rude and condescending. I know a thing or two about customer service and I have been shooting competitive archery for over 5 years, they missed the mark.I said "I would like to use your range" and the guy asked me "what for?" Really? What for? You see this bow case in my hand buddy?Then I wanted to use a allen wrench and they gave me one that was all stripped out, when I told him that it was no use he suggested that I purchase an allen wrench. He had at least 10 in a drawer right in front of me but he told me that they were for store personnel only, not customers. I stayed for the full hour as an hour of range time is the minimum purchase. In the future will go somewhere where my business is not such an inconvenience.
5	My first experience with Archery Headquarters was to purchase a riser for my daughter's 1st bow earlier this year. I called them on the phone and they had what we wanted in stock. They offered to hold it until I could get down to pick it up. We brought our limbs with us and purchased the string and a couple of other accessories while we were there. The employee working that night was so helpful with the set up of our bow and answering our questions. We walked away thrilled that we had found a local shop we could go to for our archery needs.Fast forward about 3 months and we were back participating in a class at their Academy next door. The facility is beautiful and comfortable to hang out in while my daughter does class. The instructors she has worked with through the academy have been encouraging and supportive of her too. Overall it's been great!Our experiences have been so wonderful that we seem to frequent the Pro Shop and range regularly. Typically, she prefers to shoot at an outdoor range, however, with the summer temperatures it is so much nicer to have the option of indoor too. The guys down there have always been helpful anytime something comes up with her equipment or if we need help with a purchase. I would recommend this shop to anyone that is looking to do some range practice, needs to purchase equipment, or has any hunting related questions. They seem to have a knowledgeable employee on staff for everything.
4	We purchased a Groupon for a one hour introductory course for two people.  The instructor was great and explained technique really well.  It isn't far from the Chandler mall, which has lots of places to shop and plenty of places to eat, so it would be easy to make a full day with this place included in it.We had fun and will definitely return.  Great for kids, great for adults, and they have a fun "lounge" area in the front so if you wanted to do a team building event / birthday / etc, there is more then enough space to do so.Overall: AGood fun - something unique!
5	I attended Archery Day in early December with the Arizona Game and Fish Department and I really enjoyed it. For my birthday, I wanted to go shoot archery for a bit and my boss found this place in Chandler that offers individual and group classes, which was perfect because my staff needed a few tips before letting loose all Hunger Games style on the targets! Brett, the manager, gave us a crash course in safety and helped us select either a compound or recurve bow. He made some adjustments to the bows to fit each one of us and he watched our form to make sure we on the right path to hitting some bullseyes! It was fun to see who turned out to be pretty decent archers! I still need some practice, but my boss and co-worker were both improving and hit the gold (bullseye) many times. Toward the end of our session, Brett has us play a game of "HORSE" with the word ARROW, and so we tried to match each others shots, calling the shots from across the room, diagonal and from a really far distance. It ended in a shoot out with me and a friend. It was really fun and I'd like to sign up for more archery classes with Brett! Thanks!
1	Granted we arrived 20 minutes before closing on a Saturday. My mother purchased a compound bow online and wanted to go traditional and buy a recurve, but in the meantime purchase an arm guard and a trigger release. The guy at the desk was sort of friendly, but in a condescending way that were both amateurs and we have no business breaking open things, trying them on and not understanding how to use it and then not pay for it. But why would we if we had a attitude like him. We even tried to sign up for classes and he told us it's online and not in the store. They weren't friendly at all, none of the staff were and I probably will never return there again.
5	We just had an into to archery class with Julie.  She was fantastic.  She gave easy to understand instructions and was very patient with the kids.
4	Wanted to try something new so when I saw a Groupon at two for the price of one, I was thrilled.  I almost lost the promotional value though cause I waited till the last minute to book our reservation.  (Make sure you look at Groupon expiration dates). Anywho,  I took the opportunity to turn it into a date night with my hubby.  They had weekend dates available which fit our schedule perfectly. The place was easy to find and was located right off Chandler blvd. We had a group of twelve for our time slot and was considered a large group but everyone was cooperative which made the instructors job easier.  I was a bit nervous but after a few simple instructions, I was aiming and shooting at the target with no problem.  The instructor, Julie made it fun and competitive by adding balloons and zombies as target practice.  It was awesome! I'm proud to say I beat my hubby and had more head shots then he did.  It was an exciting way to spend an hour trying something new! Try it and see!!
5	Bought a groupon four 4. Introduction to archery with an hour of shooting. The family had a blast. My son and daughter are 24 & 21 and we all had a good time. Nice change of pace:) started on time. Good instruction.  Totally worth it. Groupon is 25 for 2 & 50 for 4.
5	I took an introduction to archery class here and it was lots of fun!  Even a non-athletic, non-coordinated person like me was able to learn from the instructor and do a decent job of shooting the arrows. After we all had some practice shooting, the instructor switched it up and created some "competitions" for us - like who could shoot a balloon first, who could kill a zombie. it was fun and non-stressful, even though I was clearly the worst of the group. The instructor was also really nice and switched me to a lighter bow when he noticed the regular sized bow was too heavy for me.  He also took time to individually watch each person and give them tips on how to improve their form.I had such a great time I'm going to sign up for one of their 6-week archery courses! I didn't have a groupon like a lot of other reviewers, but still felt it was worth my $25.Tip - don't be late, because the class starts right on time
5	I picked up a bow for my son, knowing nothing about archery. We walked in the store feeling intimidated as we had no idea what we were doing. We didn't wait for very long when Jeremy asked us if we needed help. Jeremy was wonderful!!! He explained everything that he was doing and why.... he also showed my son how to  hold and shoot the bow properly.Jeremy set up our bow and spent almost 2 hours with us, answering our questions. He didn't rush us or make us feel stupid for asking any questions. We walked out of there more confident than we walked in! More so, he made us feel comfortable and treated us with respect. We have been back a couple times and we ask for him because he is genuinely there to help! Thank you, Jeremy!
1	This was not in my neighborhood but my archery instructor recommended it. He advised it had a wide selection and a helpful and knowledgeable staff. We decided not to go the internet route or the big box store route, based on his suggestion. In hindsight, I totally disagree with his advice. He told me they had a large selection of recurve. Not true. They do have a large selection of compound bows but recurve selection is very limited. They did have some quality recurve bows at competitive prices. They did not have exactly what I wanted but advised they could have ordered for me. This did not matter because I decided to walk out due to poor service as described below.My friend and I are both taking up this hobby at the same time along with my wife and daughter. My friend and I were ready to make some big purchases. I told the employee when he first saw us that we were ready to buy a bow. You would think, in a retail business, we would get prompt and willing service. You would be wrong. He did not want to spend time with us. We waited for a very long time. We even had time to look through the entire store before he finally came to us. When he did come to us his advice was short, rushed, rude and perhaps more importantly, contradictory to most everything I have studied and been taught by the very guy who recommended this store. This employee even went as far as to say he did not have time to work with us because they were busy. There were 2 other people in the store and they were looking around. Regardless, at 10am on a Saturday they should have more employees available. NOT MY FAULT. A prior review advised Archery Headquarters was condescending. Yes. A very true description. Condescending but I also want to emphasize that their condescension is not even warranted because their advice was inaccurate. My friend and I wanted to leave, regardless of his attitude, when we recognized his inaccurate advice but we are patient and wanted to give hime a chance to win back our business. When he straight-out told us he didn't have time for us, however, we politely thanked him for his time and got the heck out. We went to Lancasterarchery.com, purchased what we already knew we wanted... without tax or shipping costs and moved on with our lives. We will pay someone else to set up our bows... or maybe just research a little more and do it ourselves. Lancasterarchery.com benefitted with 3 bow sales from me and 1 from my friend. The cold internet service of a "dotcom" was way better than the service at Archery Headquarters.
5	My buddy told me about the place, so I went there to Saturday morning to check it out... Place was awesome, very helpful staff ... I was helped by Junior and he was very helpful... I had a budget on how much I could spend and I didn't feel any pressure on buying a bow ... He showed me few bows in my price range and explained which one would be best for what I wanted to do ... I live in north Phoenix and this place is definitely worth a trip for your bow needs... Thanks Junior and archery headquarters ....
1	Terrible customer service. I would not suggest anyone to come here and specifically not to make this your personal archery spot. The staff was completely rude, and were insulting my equipment by saying that"PSE is crap equipment that is made in China and notorious for being shitty" give me a break! What does this 20 year old kid know. Their other employees were no help and all just stood around the store waiting for something to fall in their laps. The rumors were true, this place is overpriced and has terrible service. Although I live 5 minutes away, I will not take my business there again
5	What a blast!!  I haven't picked up a bow in 20 years, my DH had never used a bow -- so we were definitely amateurs.  Julie was a delightful instructor, and had us all up and going in no time at all. She managed to give everyone individualized attention; no small feat considering there were  10 in the class. Fun date night  - worth the trip.
5	Super cool place! My brother and I went through the Groupon deal and had a blast. The instructor was so friendly and offered a bunch of help. We look forward to going again someday. Highly recommend!
