5	This place is fun.As a Vegas local..I find myself staying away from the Las Vegas Strip unless there is something really happening or fun going on. Last night I took the time to visit a Las Vegas institution of sorts.. The Las Vegas Comedy Stop. A buddy is in town and we decided to try out some of the less expensive, just as quality things to do on the Strip as a tourist.. and a local. What a really great time it was."With seating capacity for 300, a full bar specializing in frozen cocktail treats and food service, The Comedy Stop Las Vegas is a fun and comfortable place to enjoy the comic stylings of the nation's best up-and-coming stand-up performers. The classic, old Las Vegas-style showroom is open noon to midnight, every day, year-round, with two shows nightly."Nightly they have different comics perform on the small stage. Truth Be told, as with any show that has revolving acts... it all depends on the particular performers that are present at the show. I had been to the show once in the past and it was funny, but not hilarious.. last night with the 3 comics that were on stage.. it was friggin hilarious. They included Greg Vacarello, Andres Fernandez, and Greg Morton. Greg I had seen before, and thought he was really funny. I even purchased his DVD at the end of the show, turned out to be cut up clips from different television appearances and such.. still a nice little reminder of his act.Previously when I visited The Comedy Stop, we had seen 'comedians' like JJ Walker, who was not really very funny... but the headliner was Greg Morton, and he salvaged the night. Like many things.. it depends on the people in the room as much as the performers. Everyone was enjoying themselves and having a good time. Along with the ticket price of $21.95, you recieve one complimentary drink ticket.. which can go far in helping with the laughs if you are a drinker. On Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays.. $22 for 1 for Las Vegas locals with local I.D.It's a bit smoky, old and smells like it.. but it's so worth it on a night with great comics. Drink your drinks, have some fun, and enjoy spending $22 bucks for you and a date, that includes 2 drinks. It is a fun time. If all 3 comics aren't so great, I feel like I can guarantee at leas the headliner is funny. What have you got to lose, aside from a few good laughs and $22 bucks?I give it 5 stars, because it is all worth the price, the slight drive, and the laughter.For all of you visiting, or any local up for a good time... I recommend The Las Vegas Comedy Stop for a fun, inexpensive laugh on the Las Vegas Strip.
1	This place was originally DANGERFIELD'S, then it was sold to some folks who don't know what they're doing, nor how to properly run a Las Vegas comedy club.Don't get me wrong:  The entertainment is TERRIFIC and certainly well worth seeing, but the STAFF are rude, disrespectful and impolite to their patrons, and that detracts from the overall potential enjoyment of the place.  One shouldn't have to argue with a server about where they prefer to sit, for example.The reason the employees are so unfriendly, is because their customers are probably 90% tourists and 10% friends/relatives of the performers.  I guess the staff believes that the tourists won't be coming back, and if they are treated like I was, they're right to assume that. I won't go there unless one of my friends is on the stage, and that doesn't happen all that often...
