5	i've been searching for the Reebok Easytone shoes for about 2 weeks now. everyone and their mother is completely out of stock. i even got desperate and attempted department stores like Dillard's and Macy's. no love. and before you start, no, i dont think my butt is going to look as amazing as that chick's in the commercial. no, i dont think this crap will work in a week and i can wear bad ass mini skirts. no, i dont feel that now i can eat ho ho's but as long as i walk my ass wont be fat! i get it. its a small thing i can do to supplement my current regimen. suck it, fantasy. i'm a realist.so i spend about 1.5 hours roaming through Chandler mall with no success. as a last ditch effort, i vaguely remembered a Dick's in the Fiesta Mall. i walked in fully expected sheer disappointment but to my surprise they actually had 3 sizes left! and one of them was just my size!staff was super friendly and very helpful with explaining the shoe. i was in and out of the place within 30 minutes, fully satisfied with my purchase and ready to get my booty burn on. thanks, dick's! i still feel really weird that dick's used to be chick's though. just sayin.
3	Please don't give me such mean looks and laugh at me when I ask if you have Broncos decals. I'm a girl, how was I supposed to know that you only sell local stuff? It's not like I was asking for Raiders gear, come on! :{Besides that the selection was giant. I'm sure if I needed actual sporting goods it would have been great. It will just always stick to me how horribly rude the salesman was when I asked about Broncos stuff. I felt it was a legit question.
5	The staff is knowledgeable, courteous, and they sell just about everything. It's exactly what I want in a large sporting good store.
4	Big, clean, carries lots of variety. Some is overpriced, the rest is about average.
3	I went to Dick's to get my 5 year old daughter a mouth guard for her Karate sparring class. I hadn't been there before so I asked 3 employees where the kid mouth guards were located...the first 2 just pointed and said, "over there by the wall"...not super helpful as there are lots of walls in the huge store.  I ended up finding them and person in that department was more helpful when it came to selecting one small enough to fit, but they weren't clear about how to warm the mouth guard up to get it to fit.  Overall I wasn't super impressed but it's way better than Big 5 Sporting Goods.
5	Wonderful staff....  I had to return something and needed it replaced quick because I was going to the Grand Canyon on a big weekend hike.  The store didn't have to help me.  My return was out of the 90 Return policies.  The Store Manager Marc Scott went above being helpful.  He exchanged my return and sent me on my way to hike  the Grand Canyon .  I'm very thankful.  This is how you do business people!~~~  Marc Scott you "Get it".  Thank you!
1	The worst costumer service I've ever had in my life. I was interested in buying a treadmill,so I tried running on it,and got yelled at. Also I got yelled at for punching a "punching" bag. When I wanted to try some shorts on and,I could NOT find one worker! Not one of the workers smiled at me. And when I finally found two workers,they were putting golf! I WILL NOT EVER COME BACK AGAIN!!!
1	Operator does not listen to questions asked over the phone.  I called the store to ask if they carried Dimple pitching machine balls.  She said she would check with team sports.  She came back to the phone and assured me they had this type of balls in stock even when I repeated the question to be sure she understood.  When I arrived at the store approximately 25 minutes later the associate in the team sports area said he was asked about pitching machine balls not dimple pitching machine balls.  What a waste of time.  I have purchased items from Dicks in the past and they carry low grade inferior products which wear out quickly.  Save yourself time and go to Sport Chalet or Sports Authority.
5	yes, they have everything for outdoorsy stuff. i find they have a more consistent selection than sports authority.
5	Bought some Nike Elastico Indoor Soccer shoes, the best thing is that I got free shipping.
1	Lee in archery is useless. Do NOT BUY your arrows from him. Do not allow him to touch anything regarding your arrows, let alone cut them & glue the inserts. I asked him to cut the arrows to 28" (they were all cut to different sizes), the inserts were all improperly glued (the first time out they all stayed in the target), and when I got home the arrows were all glued together in the box. So basically I paid $40 for a set of 6 useless arrows. I also bought a bow at the same time & he tried to tell me it wouldn't work & I needed to spend more money to get a bigger bow. When I showed him the cams could be moved to 28" he threw the bow on the counter & said, "is that it"? Honestly I could excuse the ignorance & partial laziness (it was like pulling teeth to get him to find the users manual to the bow), but he's also just an all around condescending dick as well. If I continue to shop at Dick's for archery supplies, and that's a big IF, I will drive out of my way to go to a different location.
4	There has not been a poor experience at any of three locations. They are very big which means variety, much of what you can elsewhere, with the same pricing but more choices.I am thinking of four other retailers and that Dicks has a broader selection of footwear as just one of many examples. All may be sold out of a hot item. Over the years I have gotten what I saw as very good values in a number of aeas.They really are a sporting goods store and more.
