5	This place will take care of your Manicure, Pedicure, and Waxing all in the same place.  I think they have the best deal so far since I've move to Las Vegas.  They have a great crew that will take care of you as a life time client.  They also do full set, fill & other types of Nail service.  Check this place out and you will understand what I'm talking about.
5	I just got a pedicure and a full set here and love it! Super reasonable pricing and te customer service here is second to none :) and the pedicure came with a massage!
5	I loved it here! Friendly staff who attended to us right away and didn't rush with our services. I got a pedicure done and it is amazing! My feet are super soft and the polish was applied with care. The owner is super friendly and accommodating; made sure I was relaxed and enjoying my experience. He asked how I like my toenails, square or curved (places hardly ever ask that!). Best part: hot stone massage on my legs and hot towels wraps for my feet. I thoroughly enjoyed myself and loved the service and results!
4	Great place, went quickly in the morning because of the reviews on yelp and they were very welcoming. I'd definitely recommend the pedi, they're wonderful and relaxing. The wax could've been a bit more thorough, but overall amazing service, I'll definitely be going back.
5	I'm a guy who's new to Las Vegas. I was trying to find a nail spot close to my condo. Went on a busy Saturday and they only had 2 nail techs working. Nonetheless they were able to get me in and out in a short amount of time. The price was much less than what I paid for a pedicure on the east coast but the work was just as good. I plan on scheduling a pedicure with them every two weeks. Gotta take care of the dogs!!
5	Best pedicure and foot massage I've had in a very long time! Very welcoming and they take their time to make sure your happy! Nice and clean salon and they actually try and talk to you instead of rush you out the door to get to the next customer. I will definitely be coming back for my pedicures. I can't cheat on my nail lady though, so they don't get to do my manicures. I'm sure they would be great though.
5	This place is located in the same small shopping center by 711, (across the street from chase) I  had a hard time finding this place since I'm out of town but so glad I looked for it. The customer service is awesome, my daughter and I had pedicures and they did a great job, the massage and sugar scrubs were perfect! No appointment was needed and they took care of us.
5	Visiting Vegas for the weekend and stumbled across this jewel about 4 mikes off the strip. Definitely worth the drive as the prices were great and the service was excellent!
5	Great little hidden spot, the service was AMAZING!!!! Attention to detail is great here. I'm from out of town and next time I'm in Vegas I will be back in here.
5	Came here for our first couple pedi/mani. Let me tell you that we got the royal treatment! Ben took such care to give the best pedi ever, including a hot rock leg rub, which was amazing! Nancy followed with an amazing gel manicure! So many colors to choose from! The whole experience was really wonderful and we will definitely will be coming back!! PLEASE GO AND EXPERIENCE THIS FOR YOURSELF!! Or fellas, THIS IS THE PLACE TO PAMPER YOUR LADY!!
5	Really great service at a great price. Very friendly people. The guy took his time with both my husband and my nails. He paid a lot of attention to detail and both of our nails have never looked better.
5	This is my 1st time every writing a review on a business. When you walk in this place you fell like a "QUEEN/KING".  Nancy and Ben will take care of your Mani, Pedi, Waxing, Lashes and so much more. This is the BEST place in Las Vegas, NV. Nancy and Ben will take their time with you, there's never a RUSH with your services. Nancy is the GREATEST you too Ben....Lol
5	great staff, there was four of us and only two people working but they did a thorough job.  Great deal on the pedicure, it was very relaxing and detailed! It was the best thing thats ever happened to my feet!  The man who did them went to massage school and learned a few tricks from a chiropractor.  It was truly soul cleansing and it left my feet super soft. My manicure was also amazing I had them do a custom gel job and it turned out just the way I wanted it to! Great service and reasonable prices, definitely going back if Im in town again!
5	My friends and I were looking for a place to get manicures and pedicures while in Vegas. After seeing the outrageous prices on the strip for basic mani/pedis I decided to look elsewhere.I turned to Yelp and once again, Yelp did not disappoint. There were four of us so I made sure to make an appointment which worked out great.This is by far the best pedicure and manicure I've ever had anywhere! This place is awesome, detailed, thorough, and they take their time. We all felt so relaxed after our visit to this place and will definitely be coming back on our next trip.Whether you live here or are visiting you need to come visit this place. You're not going to get great service with great prices anywhere else in Las Vegas.
5	This place is amazing such a relaxing place and customer service a plus. Really good at what they do. Highly recommend this place! #loyalcusyomer
5	Read the reviews of my fellow Yelpers and gave it a shot. Everything they say is true!  This place is great. It's small but cute and cozy. Huge selection of gel colors. Nancy is great on acrylic and Ben is awesome on Pedicures. They offer a variety of different pedicures to suit your needs. I went with a basic one with a lavender sugar scrub. Today Nail's is also reasonably priced; I paid $50 - Fill with Gel Polish and a Pedicure. It's not exactly in the greatest area but the customer service is fantastic. Side Note: If you're on the fence about whether or not to get gel polish, go ahead and get it. It's a little bit more money but totally worth it. My gel polish on acrylic nails last about 30 days, no joke!
5	As soon as I walked in I was greeted by a well mannered staff. I went in for a gel manicure and a pedicure they started doing my manicure first the lady took her time didn't rush she did an excellent job she was very nice. After my manicure they started my pedicure right away he did the deluxe pedicure it was awesome he paid a lot of attention to detail I choose the orange scrub and he even squeezed an organic orange on my feet! :) overall I had a pleasant experience I highly recommend this place
5	I love going here the staff is very friendly and they are so good in what they do, the ambiance is so relaxing too , I recommend the pedi with the massage
5	I was in dire need of a manicure and pedicure. Not being familiar with the Vegas area I yelped nail salons and came across Today Nails. I read the reviews and thought I'd try it out... And I'm glad I did.  My experience here was quite a great one. It's a small and cozy place. As soon as I walked in I felt welcomed. Tina did my manicure and my nails turned out perfect. Ben did my pedicure and did an amazing job. He took his time and made sure all was right. I've never felt more relaxed. He's the sweetest. I would definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas. And would recommend anyone and everyone to come here.
5	When I first walked in I was a bit surprised because I was used to the old Today's Nails with the nice couple, old VCR machine, and messy shop. Walking into a clean, new managed, and improved shop, I was greeted right away by Nancy who ended up doing a phenomenal job on my nude 'first kiss' gel nails. Right away I was sat in a massage chair and Ben took over my Organic Orange pedicure. Wow. Amazing. He took his time and massaged my feet and legs as well. So glad I decided to choose to upgrade my pedicure. The warm vitamin oil Ben put my feet in smelled so good and made them feel so soft and refreshed. I highly recommend this place because this business is truly a gem. With literally over 1000 different colors to choose from, great service and friendly accommodating staff you will not regret coming here. Love it so much I plan on bringing my Mom and sister with me next time and I am sure they would love it as well.
5	Cute and cozy place that we found as visitors to Las Vegas, very friendly service and the price is truly reasonable.  Def worth driving outside the main strips to find this place.
5	A hidden gem! They give the same type of pedicures that I received at Bellagio Spa for less than a quarter of the price...... Hot stones and a 10 min massage and more. It was absolutely amazing. :-)
5	I visit Vegas every so often, and usually get my nails done in San Diego before I leave. I didn't get a chance to this last time around, so I looked on Yelp for the closest salon to my hotel (Las Vegas Hotel/Westgate Resort). I saw all the high ratings for Today Nails and decided it would do. I was indifferent in my selection, but I'm so glad I came here! They were very professional and extremely welcoming. They waxed my brows and fixed the unevenness from the last time I had them done. Then I kept it simple with a french manicure. I wish I had more time that day, or else I would have stayed for a gel manicure and a pedicure. There was another woman there getting a pedicure that was long and luxurious. I never felt like they were rushing to get to the next customer. They definitely focused all their attention to the person in front of them. Right as I was about to leave, I nicked one of my nails while trying to grab my keys. I apologized and asked if she could fix it. She laughed and told me it was ok. Rather than trying to salvage the work she already did, she removed everything and started from my bare nail. I was impressed!  I'm very heavy-handed, and my manicure lasted almost 2 weeks. Great price and totally worth driving off the strip for. Next time, I will plan to make this one of my first stops on my next visit. FYI: Follow the map on Yelp. They are in a strip mall where there is a 7-Eleven on the corner. I plugged in the address on Google Maps and it took me to the shopping center across the street.
5	Awesome place!! My girlfriends and I wanted to get our nails done but it was already 5:30pm. We found this place open till 7pm but stayed open till 8 just to finish all three of us. They were so polite and had every color of nail polish and gel polish available!!... I mean every color! I got a gel pedicure and my eyebrows and lip waxed, it was great, quality service. It's not a very big place, but I liked the intimacy. Not the best location, but I say it was worth the drive.
5	Was in town for the weekend recently and yelp'd this fantastic nail salon! Excellent quality of service, super nice staff and amazing manis and pedis. The reviews are all true. The place is not very big so there is usually a wait, and they really take their time to pamper their clients. Don't come if you're in a rush - make time and you'll be very glad you did. My pedi and gel nails still look fresh after 2 wks :)
1	Tried to get my nails done here for my romantic get away with my husband but apparently the four people sitting on their asses were to busy doing that to bother with a client. I will never even attempt to go back
5	Great place with reasonable prices and very friendly staff. Will definitely be back next time we are in town.
5	My sister & I got services done here and the service is pretty amazing.  In speaking with the owner, who gave me an amazing deluxe pedicure with a hot stone massage, they are fairly new and are striving to provide top service at the traditional nail salon price points ($25++ for a pedi).  They certainly care about if you are happy with your nails and feet and do not let you leave until you say so!  Location is in the corner plaza where 7-11 is, go check them out and get beautified!
5	Had a great experience- friendly staff, good prices. Took care of ingrown nails and even gave us dinner recommendations.
5	This place definitely deserves 5 stars.  I love how they sterilize all the equipment.  You don't have to wonder if you're going to catch something.  Everyone is super friendly.  This was one of the best Mani-Pedi's I've ever had.  Ben gives a heavenly foot/leg massage.  I would definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas.   I highly recommend them.
5	A GEM in midtown (do not let the "downtown" location fool you, this is right on Sahara before you get into downtown) I found last night thanks to Yelp.Small, clean, and quaint, this place is the BEST!  They actually care about the health and well being of your feet.  I realized for the past year I had been going to another salon that was not giving my toes the attention they need! Standard pricing so that once in a while I can treat myself without breaking the bank.  VERY friendly staff.  They engage you but also let you relax and enjoy your pampering.Glad to know they also do waxing so I will check that out next time. Thank you Ben, I will be back in two weeks for SURE!
5	If I lived in vegas I would be a repeat customer. My sister and I got a pedicure and she got a manicure. Her mani was beautiful- we both loved looking at her nails afterwards. The way the manicurist filed her nails made her hand look more youthful. My pedicure was just as good. The owner was talking to me about business, and he seemed like a very thorough person. We were really surprised and HAPPY that when they started working on our pedicures that the implements they used were surgically cleaned and from a professional place that sterilizes them. How do I know this- my family is in the medical business (my sis is a neurology nurse practitioner and mom a retired doctor). When they brought out the implements in the sealed bags and had to tear into the bags to get them out, we were happy and surprised this place was CLEAN. Goodness know you do not want fungus or anything else given to you when you get a mani or pedicure. Overall great experience- the pedicure was excellent and only $20!!!!! you can't go wrong with that.
5	During a family trip to Las Vegas, my sister and I decided to stop by for an acrylic nail set and pedicures. In terms of work, this has been the best pedicure I've ever gotten. They were attentive, careful, and detailed. They took time and didn't rush through the process even though they were soon closing. They have several options for pedicures and I appreciate the variety. They don't sell you add ons if you don't want them. They were really friendly and I felt appreciated as a customer. If you're in need of a pedicure while in Sin City, this is the place to go. Bonus! They accept debit/credit cards and DO NOT charge you a service fee. Not typical.
5	Go see Tommy!  In town for work and had a few hours to kill. Found these guys on Yelp. Great reviews and close to the strip - perfect. They also will do gels on toes which is pretty much the only type of polish I use on my toes. The place is clean, everyone is nice and Tommy was awesome. See you the next time I'm in town!
5	I've been coming here for months now and every time the service is amazing!! They make you feel at home and the work is perfect!!
1	Saw all the great reviews so I made an appointment for 11:50. When we showed up everybody seemed busy & we were told they were a bit backed up. It was 12:20 & the two people giving manicures seemed to be just getting started on the women in front of us. I asked how much longer it would take and he said 15 minutes, which would have pushed back our appointment time 40minutes. The guy seemed nice, but I like punctuality. Also, a little hard to find only because there are so many other nail salons in the area.
5	Great service and very reasonable prices!!! We live on the other side of town and we drive all the way here to get our nails done because they are always doing a great job and always willing to accommodate us even if they are about to close.
5	I've been to so many places all over Las Vegas searching for the best place to get my perfect nails. So far, I'm very satisfied. With the line of work I do, I take pride of how my nails represent me. (I'm a table games dealer)
5	Came here on a whim a few months ago, now I never wanna go anywhere else! Ben is amazing with Japanese massage and pedicures, Vanessa is bomb at waxing, and Nancy does amazing gel manicure. Everyone is super welcoming and makes enough conversation but not too much! Honestly I am so pleased with their work!
5	Kevin was the best!!  My pedicure was awesome and the massage was out of this world. He really put some muscle into it like I've never felt before.  Lisa did my manicure, very nice to talk to. She did a great job on my nails.  Cool place, great owners, good vibes. I will definitely be back.
5	These guys deserve all their 5 star ratings! Ben, Vanessa and Nancy were all very friendly. Ben did my pedi and took great care of my feet, Vanessa did my natural manicure and also did a great job. FYI, they have 3 different brands of gel polish, so they have a much larger selection of colors than I have seen anywhere else!
3	1) This is off strip in a kind of sketchy area.  I'd recommend setting up your return trip in advance.  My friend and I called a taxi when we were done and went to stand by the street.... let's just say we got catcalled by multiple cars/men.2) This is NOT a pristine spa.  If you want SPA SPA SPA, this isn't it.  This is just like any other local, cheap nail place.3) My friend and I got the same pedicure, but they did some extra stuff to her nails (like electric buffing) that they didn't do to mine.  How come?4) However, service was REALLY good and everyone there was very nice.  Especially since I pretty much destroyed their shop.  I dropped a bottle of bright pink nailpolish and it SHATTERED within 10 minutes of getting to the store.  They laughed at me (who wouldn't?) and cleaned it up without making me feel really bad about it.All in all, if you want a cheap pedicure/manicure without paying exorbitant spa prices on the Strip, come here!
5	The best spa pedicure and gel polish manicure ever! Been going here for 3 years! Congratulations for being #1 in Las Vegas you deserve it!!!! Thank you, Pen!
5	I just moved here from California for school. Was looking for a place to get my nails done, looked on yelp saw this place had good reviews. I went in today there was no wait. Nancy did my nails, she did a great job! There is plenty of parking in the parking lot. I can't wait to go back in a few weeks to try a pedicure!
5	My friend suggested I go to her nail place so I decided to try it out and it was the BEST DECISION EVER! They did a fantastic job on my nails and I also got a great pedicure! Friendly staff and they take the time. They don't just rush you out! I will definitely be returning here!
4	Moved to a new area of town and really need some me relax time. What better way than a pedicure and a nice foot/leg massage? Problem is, it's really hard to get a good massage with a pedicure. This place was great, seedy area, but good service and excellent massage. I am happy and will be back.
5	Read reviews and visited with my wife. Kevin and Ben were legit and did an amazing job. We got way more than we were expecting even after reading all the great reviews.
5	Great place!  I'd return here weekly if I lived in Las Vegas.  Clean, professional and caring service.  It's a week past my manicure and my gel manicure still looks very good.
5	Kevin and Ben where the best, I am a guy and was a bit resentful to go with my wife but she pulled me in since we are going on vacation at the end of the week. Once I got inside everyone was very friendly an made me feel comfortable, it was a very enjoyable experience and out of all the pedi and mani's I have had(like 5) this was by far the best. We did read reviews before hand and saw one about the area being bad..this is not true but maybe this person is use to Beverly Hills ...anyway if your looking for good quality and a low price there is no other place to go by Today Nail
5	Friends and I dropped in last Friday and luckily they accommodated us! Three pedi's and a full set of acrylics. Very friendly and those who received pedi's were happy. It's located off the strip in a little strip mall but if you follow your gps no problems getting here. They did get busier as time went on so you may need to make an appointment. Try them out!
5	They are very accommodating and meticulous which I very much like.  They didn't have anymore of the disposable slippers so they gave me the regular slippers for $1!  Highly recommended!UPDATE: the owner gave me the slippers for free!!!
5	One of the best pedicures I've ever had. The hot stone japanese massage was amazing. the lotion they use smell so pleasing and relaxing. They don't use the cheap lotions that are typically used at these types of salon.The staftt is super nice and friendly. I only come once a year to Vegas but will now make this a must visit every time.
5	Nancy was the best , she did my full set and pedi . Definatly worth the price and ressonable!
5	Great service!! We came from San Diego and wanted to take care of our feet since we were doing so much walking on the strip. This was my husbands first time and we are both very satisfied!! They take care of their clients...please stop here next time you're in town!!!
5	Such an amazing salon ! Great customer service , they go above and beyond and are here for the customers . They have many options for colors , packages , and designs .
5	In desperate need of a gel pedicure, I decided to head to this cozy salon after my Monday class at UNLV. They have a huge selection of colors! After 10 minutes of flipping through the palate, I decided on a transitional summer/fall teal. They're very friendly and professional and the technician was really skilled and gentle. They also have awesome spa packages. Will be returning.
4	Great work and pretty reasonably priced!  But they are always busy so I recommend making an appointment to avoid having to wait. Ive been here twice so far and I am happy with their service!
5	This is my second time coming here since I just moved to this side of town and I won't go any where else. The entire staff is absolutely amazing. I tried the organic deluxe pedicure and it was well worth the money. I would highly recommend trying out this salon. You won't regret it!
5	So I had planned to write a bad review for this place after the first lady who was doing my pedicure picked my toes so bad one bleed the reason I'm giving them this rating is bc right after this happened the manager Ben came right out and started redoing my entire pedicure even tho the lady was already painting he even cut my ingrown nails I didn't even know about he said he had to make sure I was happy before I left and I'm pretty happy my toes look great and my feet feel awesome and it's actually the best pedicure I've got in Vegas and I've been to a few places. I'm so happy Ben came and miraculously changed a negative situation to an absolute positive. And the first lady was new and it was her first day I think she got let go bc shortly after the mishap she gathered her things and left.
3	I went here to have a manicure just before a wedding. I booked my appointment a week in advance and I'm glad I did. While they are happy to take walk ins, they were so busy they couldn't accommodate them while I was there. The staff is very friendly, especially the woman who answers the phones. Prices are very reasonable and the product is good. I have two minor complaints - the girl who did my nails was very aggressive with the cuticle trimmers, which is not intrinsically bad, but she nicked me pretty good and had to pause to put some liquid band aid on it to stop the bleeding. She was very apologetic. Second, she sprayed some kind of ethanol/isopropanol on my nails towards the end that dried my skin out which kind of negated all the moisturizer she applied earlier, and I left with my hands feeling dry. Other than that, it was a great experience. I do not live in the Vegas area but if I did I would absolutely return.
5	My friend and our are in Vegas on a girls weekend. Looked up this place and WOW! Had a great experience. We got the deluxe mani/pedi and they took their time. We were pampered for two hours!! A definite stop whenever I come back!
5	All I have to say is the staff are friendly and they do damn good work... But make an appointment because they're really busy and trust me it'll be worth it... Love this place and we'll be back again
5	My first time to a nail salon since moving from Hawaii & I loved it!!- Pedicure was the best! Technician took his time & did a wonderful job on my feet! A+++- Nail tech did everything I asked for and I loved the outcome! Thank you! I'll be back :)
5	Went to Vegas for my cousins 30th birthday and I was in desperate need for a mani and pedi.  Ben and Nancy we're kind enough to squeeze me in their busy schedule. Nancy did and awesome job with my gel nails they were flawless and she would say "super cute!" Ben gave me a lovely pedicure, he used this lavender scrub that smelled really good and left my feet and calves feeling soft. I'd say a Well deserved 5 stars for customer service and A job well done!
5	They're amazing visiting from cali and needed an emergency pedicure..the man is awesome!
5	I've been going to Today Nails since they've opened. Ben and Nancy are amazing at what they do. By far the best pedicure I've ever had. I wouldn't dream of going anywhere else
5	So I've continued coming here since my last review and I continue to enjoy the experience and the quality of the work. I am updating my review because I feel that after several visits here, they have proven worthy of a five star review. The owner actually read my first review and when I came back the next time, he thanked me for the review. What's even more impressive is that he then asked me what they could do to improve my experience and make it five-star worthy! I think this is a truly considerate and brilliant business practice and rare in this day. I told him that five-star reviews come with consistency in quality and service and only time would tell. I am happy to say that this salon has not only worked to meet that challenge but to exceed it. Also, I think that they work that hard and genuinely care without the incentive of a good review. The products are luxurious, the services are top-notch and my nails look great for weeks.
5	Great customer service! Super friendly staff! Will be coming back as a regular customer!
4	Nancy did a great job on my shellac mani. I love it so much, I can't wait to go back for the next color. Tons of color choices I already have two picked out for the future which is always the hardest part! No cuts. Average pricing. Very nice people.
5	I am staying in Vegas for the weekend and didn't have time to get my nails done before coming. I was hoping to find something cheap and close to my hotel. Today nails excited my expectations. They were meticulous and gave great service. We got the deluxe pedicure and got everything from an fresh squeezed orange salt scrub, wax soak, and hot stone massage. My legs and feet honestly feel brand new.Their gel nails were also some of the best I've had. Very pleased!
5	I've been coming here for quite some time, and I must say, I ABSOLUTELY love this place! They give great service, and they always have time for me. In fact, I'm writing this review while I'm getting a pedicure. This time I brought my boyfriend in with me. He's enjoying his pedicure as well.A Faithful customer,Nurse Kortney
5	Absolutely amazing !!! I'm a native Californian and have never experienced such an amazing service. The pedicure was incredible and the gel wonderful ! I have to admit that next time I'm visiting I will make this my stop !!! Prices were reasonable, LA it's cheaper , however they made sure to provide #1 customer satisfaction and service... Loved it !!
5	Omg ! I was in desperate need of a pedicure while visiting Vegas on business, Ben was nice enough to take me at the last minute even though they were about to close for the evening ! He went above & beyond to ensure I was satisfied & provided impeccable  quality service !! Not only did he take me at the last minute , he went past time that they closed to make sure i received a flawless pedicure service!! Thank you Ben  for rescuing my poor feet, thanks for making them soft & supple again !! You can't beat this place,  it's Grade A service at an adorable price !  Make sure u get the Deluxe pedi it is well worth it !! PROSGreat prices!  Great customer service! A+++Great quality work! ( the kind that they offer at the super expensive spas)Convenient location! (Not too far from the strip)Latest techniques & nail services!!There is only 1 CON!I have to come all the way to Las Vegas to get this amazing pedi !!I highly recommend this place - from now on this will be my go to spot whenever I come back to visit !
5	Excellent prices! Excellent service always enjoy coming here no matter the distance it's so worth it.. Nancy does the best gel manicures ever and Ben best pedicures hands down....
5	Walked in today around 3:30 and was seated right away. Nancy gave me the most immaculate gel manicure I've ever had. They are absolutely perfect. I had gel on that needed to be taken off and she soaked them instead of scraping it off. I love how she shaped my nails. They have a TV you can watch while you're getting your nails done.  The total was $30. I think I've found my new regular nail place. Very impressed.
5	Still awesome here! Nancy and her staff are detailed oriented and friendly everytime. Love it!
5	I'm very pick when it comes to who does my nails and feet. I had the best gel nails and hand massage I have ever received for a very long time. And The service was awesome!!
5	Absolutely the best nail salon in Vegas. High-quality work at reasonable prices with excellent customer service and very kind staff the owner Ben is one-of-a-kind!Thanks, Ben Emily, Nancy and Jackie!
5	This place is fantastic! I found them on Yelp because I did not want to pay the high price of a Casino spa pedicure.  Everyone is extremely friendly, and the services were exceptional. Mani/pedi, including gel manicure and a design, ran me $60. They have a very large selection of colors and brands, and they do lots of nail art here too. They really took their time to do a fantastic job.  The owner was even nice enough to offer to drive me back to my hotel because cabs or long in coming. I highly encourage everyone who seeking to escape a pedicure on the strip to come here!
5	Great job being done at Today Nails!!! Tina worked her magic on my dogs!  Don't be fooled by the outside, great atmosphere inside. All the ladies are extremely nice, except watch out for 1/2 star Emily she feisty.  Had a great time!!!
5	I got the deluxe pedicure by Ben.. He was great! Friendly and personable, efficient and professional, and took his time with every single step .. If recommend coming to see him and getting the Japanese hot stone massage and paraffin wax foot wrap
4	This was the first place I got my nails done and I would say it was ehh.. It's nothing special or anything. But they did do a great job on my nails. I got my nails done about a 3 weeks ago and it still looked great then!
1	Ben asked me to give him a great review after my service if my service was good. Honestly! I had the worst pedicure experience today with Ben. He hurt me through out the entire service. I told him I had bruising from prior intense nipping from another tech and he cut my nail corners misunderstanding or assuming that I had ingrown toenails and made me bleed. He still tried to continue to nip at the end of my service after filing off my cuticles at first leaving my skin soar and in pain. I had to ask him to please stop! Then I go to the restroom and couldn't use it because there was a water flood. I'm very disappointed, after reading yelp and hearing that people gave him five stars I don't understand how this happened. The pumice stone is being used after for other clients and it's extremely unsanitary, and the cheese grater for the callus is illegal.
5	Wonderful experience and outstanding staff.  Emily was very sweet and pampered me during my pedicure.  Will definitely come again when in Las Vegas.
5	This place was awesome! People we're super nice! Took care of us last minute.. Very accommodating! Jackie took care of me. She knew exactly what I needed done! Very relaxing for me & I did not feel like a stranger her! More relaxed than ever! Off the strip & worth the ride over here!
5	We were a little worried when we first drove up because the place is not very impressive. The shopping center is pretty shabby! However, we were received with such a wonderful, warm welcome that we knew immediately that we were in good hands. I ordered the deluxe spa pedicure which includes all the usual stuff with the addition of an exfoliating scrub, callous removal, and paraffin wax. He really worked on my toes!! They were awful and ugly, with thick nails and gross dry skin. I had thick callouses all over. Yuck! Now they are soft and smooth, my nails are filed and buffed and beautifully polished. He cut out the ingrown nails and my feet feel great! We left feeling really relaxed and pampered. It was a great experience and the staff were very nice, funny, and skilled. The price was very reasonable and I will be back!
4	I visited Vegas for a wedding and also for my anniversary. I had to get my nails done for the events so after lunch at Pinoy Pinay I was going to drive around to look for a nail salon. Lucky for me this nail salon was in the same strip mall. I was quickly seen and helped by Emily. I got there at the perfect time because anyone else that "walked in" were turned away because the salon was full or had upcoming appointments. The experience was great and I got a basic mani and pedi for only $40! Everyone was nice and friendly and over two weeks later my pedicure still looks great. Next time I'm in town I'll be sure to go there again.
5	I love this place, super. Friendly staff always warder to please and accommodate. They really do a good job and are super nice. Nancy and Ben rock !
5	When I first walked inn I thought... OK just another nail spot like any other.. But when I sat down to wait my turn.. I notice it was it was small , but very clean!!! They had 1500 different gel colors to pick from! And 700 different good quality Nail polish to pick from!  I can't believe the low prizes for the service and work the put into there clientele! Also there location is perfect! Is not into town ,or to far away from town!!!! I obsessed with this place!! Thanks to my bestie Heidi R. That introduced me it! Thank u boo!  Uu
5	Ben did a great job on my post marathon feet. I got the aromatherapy pedicure with a scrub and mask. It was exactly what I needed. He did such a wonderful job targeting all the sore spot and my toes look amazing. He took his time to make sure everything was perfect. Definitely recommended coming here for a relaxing, well done pedicure. Don't let the surroundings shy you away, when your inside, you won't want to leave the message chair.
5	Went to Today Nails after a half-marathon. They did a great job! They were friendly and did a great job taking care of us and our sore state!
1	Litteraly worst nail shop I've ever been too... The first girl put soo much acrylic all over my fingers that when I went to seperate the sides of my nail from my finger it ripped my skin off ... My nails have never stung more wile getting them done ... Than she put the wrong size nail on my middle finger ... Than in 5 days my brand new set a nail broke ....... So I felt like I had to go back so I could get matching polish .... A different lady put the wrong acrylic on my clear nails had to redo that and than questioned me y I wanted the nail polish the way I wanted it as if I wasn't a paying customer ... I will NEVER return here again !
5	Amazing place!!! Best pedicure I have ever received and I get them on the regular. Wish this place was back home. Ben totally made my feet feel baby soft without hurting me! Plus he added a scrub on the house! Totally worth every penny!
5	So today my wife and I got a mani and pedi at Today Nails. We called an hour ahead, and she when we arrived at our scheduled time, Ben and one more tech were ready and waiting! We decided to pamper ourselves and went ahead with the $55 pedi and gel manicure. It was well worth it! The pedicure was luxurious and relaxing; we were ready for a nap afterward. Even though the shop closed at 7:00 pm, they stayed open until 8:30 to finish both of us. We will definitely be back whenever we come back to Vegas!
4	Emily did my pedicure and she did a great job!! This place is like a mom and pop nail shop and I love it and appreciate it. Will be going back.
5	Visiting Vegas for the weekend and needed a pedicure. Staff was very attentive and friendly. Emily did my pedicure and she was great. Came in for the hot stone pedicure. Pedicure  was nice and LONG it's hard to find a shop who will massage you for a decent amount of time but not here!
5	This place is great. My friend and I needed a place to get our nails done ASAP. The service was excellent they even waited after hours in till we were able to get a cab back to our hotel. This will definitely be my spot to get my nails done every time I'm in Vegas.
5	Absolutely loved this place! I called and made appointments in the morning. We spent a few hours here enjoying our gel manicures and pedicures.  Their workers were nice, professional and detail oriented.  They took their time even though it was consistently busy.  Definitely coming back the next time we're in Vegas!
5	Best mani pedi I've ever had. I spent the entire afternoon.  The people were so friendly and helpful.
5	Today nail is a suck place to go there to do nail, the shop is so small there were a lady to do my pedi wad so ugly and the bathroom wad nasty .
5	Very friendly place. I was in serious need of a pedicure and they did a great job. Very affordable and friendly. It may not look like much on the outside it is what they can do on the inside that matters.
4	Very clean and nice spa. Excellent work. From out of town and would definitely come back during my Vegas trips!
5	Called for a reservation and got one for two people within 30 minutes.  I don't usually get nails and I got gels for my first time. The lady was very helpful and tried a few colors just so u could get the perfect shade I wanted. I would highly recommend!
1	Update:  Ben orchestrated the correction of my full set. I will amend my review to reflect the positive outcome as soon as Yelp allows it.I wish I could write a better review of this place.  I came here to get my nails done for a wedding.  I got a spa pedicure and full set with gel polish.  For starters, I'm allergic to latex.  Usually I bring my own gloves, but that day I was in a hurry and I had forgotten. It's 2014, what nail shop doesn't have a box of non latex gloves? Also they used a CHEESE GRATER ON MY FEET which is just about the most ghetto thing I have ever seen.  I sat on the chair while 4 people argued in front of me for 10 mins about who was going to be the one to do my pedi even though my feet were clean. By the time anyone bothered with me, the water was COLD.  After 10 min I asked them if my allergy was a problem and finally, a lady (who appeared to be the supervisor) came and did it.  The leg massage was a joke, and I'd paid extra for it.  During the time I was there, the front door was open.  Three people (men laying out in the parking lot drinking) came in during the 4 hours I was there (Four hours!!! For a full set and a pedi!!)  Each of them screamed at the shops patrons for a minute about some nonsense and left.  The shop employees did not ask them to leave or stop shouting, and they didn't close the door until I said "that's the third time a drunk has come in and screamed at your patrons. At what point do you think it will be time to close your door?"  It was as though they didn't care at all about their customers' comfort.  The full set I got here was horrible. The older lady had to stick my nail on multiple times on several fingers, it was like she'd never done it before and I was her first one. The acrylic overlay on my nails is comically overthick even though I asked specifically for the opposite. I asked for rounded square and ended up with corners so sharp they could cut skin.  I asked for my cuticles to be cleaned up and trimmed and she just ignores me, puts on the acrylic and then blames me for "not telling her I wanted that" before she slathered on all that acrylic.  I arrived at 1:30 and wasn't out until 5:30.  These nails look atrocious, but by the time she was done butchering my gel polish it was too late to fix them (wedding at 7.) (she had to reapply gel polish twice, and at one point when it was still running off on the cotton pad she audibly said "whyyy?!" Because she couldn't get the polish to adhere properly. Another lady came over and as it turns out, she was applying it wrong the whole time.) the gel polish had tons of lumps and bumps, like it had been applied by a toddler.  I wasted a whole afternoon, and $100 on the least relaxing pedicure and most ridiculously ugly full set I've ever seen.
5	I didn't have an appointment and they were able to sit me down right away! My tech was awesome and my nails came out great!
1	I wanted to go here but they didn't answer the phone and so I drove to the salon and they weren't open! Aren't they suppose to be open ?
5	I came here for the first time two days ago since my regular nail lady is on vacation and after seeing it was pretty close to my work and that it was open late. I stepped in around 6:15. Yelp says they're open till 9pm but  I saw on the door that they were only open till 7pm. Dang it. Soo after further questioning, turns out that they are open after 7pm for scheduled appointments & they told me that as long as I walked in before 7pm, I was good lol. I still felt pretty bad because I don't like making people work passed closing since I knew a full gel set & gel pedicure was definitely not going to take 45 minutes but they were really sweet and were like "no problem! we'll just do both the full set & pedicure at the same time." Awesome! I wish I got the names of the two ladies working on me but after a long day at work, I was pretty much in a daze.Full set + gel: Didn't receive any cuts and she didn't shave my cuticles down like crazy like some places do so that's good. Also, I don't know how to describe this but I think the ladies who've gotten acrylics know what I mean when I say they feel pretty strong and stuck on. They feel like they could last over 3 weeks lol but I won't let them grow out that far. I also really loved that when doing the gel, she made sure that my nails weren't see through. She put on three coats without even asking me! That's pretty rare, most places try to use the least amount of product as possible. She also paid close attention to the shape I wanted and made sure that none of my nails went "this way" or "that way" lol *see Anjelah Johnson reference on youtube ;) Pedicure: Wish I took a picture of the choices they had but of course I was a zombie. I went with their basic $25 one so it'd be faster for them but hey it was pretty good for their basic. She asked if I'd like her to use the cuticle remover, yes please! Her cleaning was the best I've had in a long time. There was also lotions, a hot towel, and massage involved so that's awesome :) I'm not sure which pedicure the lady next to me got but it looked amazing! A mask, some smelly good mint stuff, wrap, etc. This place does not play games with their pedicures lol.I will definitely be back to try their more deluxe pedicures :)
4	I decided to call and speak to a manager about how unhappy I was with my nails. Ben answered, and we scheduled an appointment for me to come in and have my nails fixed free of charge, and I was informed that the older lady who put the nails on was no longer a member of their staff. When I arrived, I was seated in front of Ivy.  Ivy proceeded to spend nearly two hours hard at work correcting the damage.  She fulfilled all my requests (short, round & not sharp, not thick, they have to look natural because "fake" nails are frowned upon at my job) and they are now gorgeous; perfect in every way and very natural looking. Ivy is extremely talented and her attention to detail is just wonderful. She even painted me a lovely little snowflake. Ben told me next time I come he'd treat me to a pedi for the trouble. It felt like I was at a different salon than the one I went to last week. And not a single random drunk walked and shouted at us the whole time.  Well done. I'll be back.
5	Wow so glad I stumbled upon this hidden gem. Best mani pedi in along time. It's not close to my house in Summerlin but I will travel 20-25 mins for quality work. Also because the staff was unbelievable. Its a intimate location, small staff, clean shop. We felt welcome from the minute we walked in the door. Ben eagerly greeted us then he found out our issue and ushered us in to get started right away. Yelp says they close at 9 on Friday but it says 7 on the door. They only work until 9 by appointment. They took us at 6:30 and It took me a minute to decide the colors; NEVER did I feel rushed!!!  You can feel the love for what they do and see they take pride in their work. Jackie was a bit quiet but very friendly while she worked her magic on my friends pedi. While looking at the many gel colors they provide,  I accidentally dropped  my iPhone in the foot spa.  Nancy immediately jumped into action by putting it in the UV nail dryer and they even gave me a zip lock bag of rice to dry out the device. The next day my iPhone worked perfectly fine. The staff exceeded our expectations and requests, for that reason its My New Favorite Nail Shop in Vegas hands down!!!Only con is when they do converse occasionally, it's  in their language around customers.
3	I was in Vegas for New Year's.  The place seemed a bit sketchy because of the location, but not bad inside.  It's just small.  I had my eyebrows and pedicure done.  The eyebrows were good the pedicure was decent.  I had an ingrown nail on the right toe, that really hurt when Ben took it out, it was bleeding and soar for a day.  Then he used the cheese grater on my calluses, which I thought was illegal and it was a bit painful, not requesting that again.  Then the massage came and it was a little rough for me and I flinched a few times because it hurt, thinking he would get the hint :) All on all you get what you pay for.  I will probably be back just won't ask for the callus remover or extreme leg/foot massage.
5	I am so glad I found this place. My friend and I treated ourselves to a little trip to Vegas for my birthday. Because everything got a little hectic before we left we never made it to our regular nail place in LA. By accident we stumbled across Today Nails and boy am I glad we did. Ben and Nancy were super sweet and talented. I felt welcome right away and since we had an appointment we did not have to wait at all. The only problem was to pick a color since there were so many to chose from. We decided to go with 'Vegas nails' that were a little more special than the regular gels we usually get done. And we were not disappointed. Bright and sparkly and beautifully done - nails to die for. I know the next time I'm in Vegas, this is my go to place for nails for sure. Thank you so much, Ben, Nancy and team. You made our mini vacay even better.
