2	Generally speaking I like Panda Express, but this location is very impersonal. The employees don't look at you when they are helping you with your food, they don't look at you when you ask them questions...and sometimes they will look at you when you are paying for your food. But don't try to ask any questions because they react like you've just asked a complicated math equation...when really you just wanted chop sticks.
3	It's panda which = quick "chinese" fix. nothing special to set this one apart from the rest.
4	I like this place. It's close to work, that being walking distance. The employee's have always been friendly, the place is clean, and the food is always hot and tasty. I really enjoy the pepper chicken, kung pao chicken, and the chicken with green beans and I always get a two item combo with fried rice. They have all you can drink self serve dispensers and some great iced tea! The cost is always under ten dollars for me and I find that they are pretty generous with the portions that they serve you.
4	I admittedly love the Panda. Mom and I go here on occasion together for lunch or dinner. We swung by this one today for a quick bite at lunch. It's tops in my book, as Panda Expresses go. Clean, friendly staff, they spoke English, didn't run out of anything, and had lots of table so we were sure to find a spot to sit. New concept I saw, drive through at the fast food chines spot, kinda weird but hey we are all on the go, drive thru rocks!
4	this is the best panda express in phoenix, great customer service and the food is never dry of overly greasy.  believe me ive tried other panda express places in phx and mesa! its a good bargain for your dollar- im impressed i can feed my family of 4 for less than 20 bucks (most times)... yum yum orange chicken.   its right off the free way and convenient if youre on the go.  ill keep coming back :)
1	First time to this location, I "usually" go to one of 3 other locations.  I was doing take-out.  Got in line, only 1 person in front of me.  It took this lady quite a while - several minutes - to decide what she wanted.  There was one other person running the line but she was busy with other customers already ahead.  When she finally got this person's order and got it completely done - versus handing it off to the next person in line like at other Panda Express's, she got a drive-thru order coming through her headphones so she started preparing THAT person's food who hadn't waited at all simply because they were in the drive-thru! That person disappeared to the window area.  Meanwhile, the other, now-lone, attendant was finally finished with the other customers and came back to take my order. AT this point, there were 7 other people behind me yet no sign in sight of anyone to come help with this mess. I get around the glass case only to find my favorite Kung Pao Chicken is all out.  Gag.  So, if I want it, I have to wait.  Well, they said it would be "right up" so I waited.  The attendant took care of every other single person in line, including getting their orders and operating the cash register - which took her quite a while - and they STILL hadn't gotten any chicken out there.  I sat down at a table, now watching no customers at all in line.  I've been there going on 20 minutes now for a take out order.  When they finally came out with the chicken, I then went to the condiment counter and found they were out of mustard.  How many more ways can this visit turn South?  I ask the lady to get more.  She does not ask me how many I wanted but comes back with 4.  I like hot mustard, I would have taken 6 or 7 if the dispenser would have been stocked.  I was offered nothing in "compensation" for the extremely long wait for a food item that I have NEVER seen any other Panda Express out of - Kung Pao Chicken that is -because that's one of their favorite sellers. They hadn't even started to prepare any more until I got up there looking for some!I have NEVER experienced this kind of pathetic service at any of the other 3 Panda Express's I go to -- well I have been to even more on a one-time basis simply because of being in an area that I don't normally go to and eating there, such as the one in Casa Grande.  This isn't going to cause' me to ban Panda Express, not at all, but it IS going to cause me to NEVER come to this particular location again!Edited: I called corporate to see if I could get a freebie out of it and I unabashedly tell you that yes, they offered me one and yes, I am getting it via USPS.  The person on the phone was not liking hearing about the fact that there was no Kung Pao Chicken despite the fact that there were 2 cooks working in the back.  I won't be using the freebie at that location, however.
4	First time at this location. It seems to be the place to go for lunch on a week day. The staff is friendly & the food fresh, except my potstickers were a little cold.
1	This was the worst Panda Express I've ever had ! My sister warned me not to go here but me being the fat ass that I am, decided to go anyways. The fried rice wa clearly old or burned and the white rice was too clumpy to eat. They continue to mix old food with old food and had no fresh meat besides the orange chicken. And to top it off I PAID 8 dollars! Thumbs down, panda.
2	Had to wait for table. Kind of expected due to lunch rush.1pm.  I noticed manager and another employee sitting at a table eating even with a line of 6 people waiting to order.I asked for sweet fire chicken received surf & turf.
3	I usually go in to get my food.  Today I went drive-thru.  Now, I guess I can see why he line took forever, for "fast food"; though, my order was wrong, on the ticket and what they gave me wasn't what they had on the ticket or what I said and was on the screen.   This location is 5 stars, easy, IF you go in.  As well, with drive thru vs take out, they skimp on the portions, severely.
1	I've been here 2 times with my husband and they didnt have what we wanted.  So when they made it they put the wrong items in the wrong plates. Mind you, they wrote it on the outside of it and still got it wrong. So, yes I went back today and they only had the drive thru open and only had four items from the whole menu not cool. So they just have there drive thru open to feed people there leftovers so they wont have wasted food, how sad is that. And im a GM at a restaurant I would never do that. I wont be back anytime so to this location.
5	Hot, Fresh, and Always Ready at this Panda Express location. Considering the fact there is limited fast food dining experiences in the area I have to say this location does a mighty fine job of on service and experience. The corner side restaurant that is also a drive through location is VERY busy. However, it is one of the few dine in spots that I can hit at lunch that has me in and out along with eating in less than an hour. So if you consider taking your lunch break here don't let the long lines scare you they are on top of things. They have the system down pat and are always well staffed. Every experience I have had at this spot has been successful. The food is always hot and your never having to wait on a specific menu option to be made those cooks are on it. The lovely cashiers are just as friendly  as can be. The drink station is in order always fully stocked with lids and condiments. The tables, chairs and floors are limited but I manage to find a seat that is clean.
