4	This place is great. It is also very hit/miss type of deal. So if you are close to one and are into home improvement, it is worth putting into rotation to see what pops up. Habitat for Humanity runs ReStore. It is great for random paint/spackle at low prices. Many times they have cabinet hardware - new & cheap. My last purchase there was a new bathtub in the box for $60. We had just come from Home depot- same one was there for $176.  Tile,wood flooring, tools, appliances, furniture, windows, cabinets, doors, tv's and other random items that get donated. Most items are used, sold as is. So bring your measurements. Side note: The location in Phoenix seems to have a lot more tile.If you are a fan of reduce/reuse/recycle like me you should check them out. And of course they will accept your remodel donations.
1	i recently ,like just hung up from this store. they will not take cabinates with out the doors attached , I have a arcadia door with the frame , sink and range hood , lots of hardware and all the parts. they have never seen it and turned me down for getting rid of them ,,I was kinda disappointed as i used there store when i was remoldeling  my kitchchen . oh well check craigs list for a free door  and cubbords ,sink and range hood..
4	The location is soon to be changing down further on Dobson to the old Howie's Furniture location. Currently they are still at Dobson and Southern, in the CVS parking lot by Village Inn. What they carry is definitely hit or miss on what you might be looking for. We use them for different projects of alternative materials. They have a laminate section of mix/match pieces near the cabinets and I have used those for shelving at home. I was unable to find any decent brackets there for mounting but the wood laminate was $2 for each shelf we put together for our electronic media under the new television we'd bought(somewhere else).I also have found bird items at another establishment where they weren't mounted well and I got a super deal and then gone to the ReStore and gotten a heavy square piece of laminated wood and used it as a base and done the repair myself. It was only a dollar. I was there originally to see if I could find a broken or ugly stool and use the seat for a new base. If you're creative and your needs are few, this place can save you money and I'm for that.
5	This place is awesome! I've found some really great deals here. I've sent many customers this way to find things to help them with saving money on their home remodeling projects.
1	I can remember when the restore was actually priced like a resale store. The used building materials they are selling are priced higher than one could purchase them from say The Home Depot brand new.
2	Chris the manager is a d-bag. He was rude when I asked why my hold sticker was removed. He kept going on and on about his policies. I explained that one of his workers said it would be held until 4pm. He said that "wasn't policy" but that's not my problem! Apparently he has a problem with his staff following policy. He should honor what was told to me regardless of policy. Then he bad mouthed me to another staff member bc he thought I couldn't hear him! We also heard him bad mouth a women who called for directions. If you want to talk to someone helpful ask for the other manager Jamie. He's very nice.
5	You can get a new blind for $5 or more!
