4	Atmosphere aside, the food here was good. Particularly the general tso chicken. It was crispy not soggy like some places. It looks like your typical take out chinese joint so our expectations were not high to begin with but we enjoyed the food and would definitely go back.
1	Staff made you feel as if they were doing you a favor by waiting on you. Owner on the phone and didn't even acknowledge the customer.  Food was awful. Will never go back
5	Best sesame chicken in the world. I travel all the time for work and try lots of Chinese  joints but nothing comes close to this place. Best take out Chinese food hands down that I have ever had.
4	Had a rare only person in the house night, so I decided to treat myself.   I have passed by the Panda for years, and have always wanted to stop by, but my wife is very picky about Chinese food.   With only me, I had the perfect opportunity.I stopped in on the way home on Tuesday, July 3rd, to order and go.   Entered, and found really nothing to write home about the interior decor.  But I am of the mindset that if the decor is not great, the food usually is.  (long experiences with Mexican restaurants in the west)There were several people in the front area, either waiting for their food or waiting to order.  But nobody sitting down.  It was early in the evening, though.I love General Tso's chicken, and most of the time, it is not that spicy, to appeal to a wider audience. I ordered the dinner special, which came with fried rice and an egg roll.   I could see thru to the kitchen behind the counter, and was able to watch as my food was prepared.It came quickly, and I took it home.  As I was leaving, there were more people coming in.I got home and grabbed a beer, and got into my order.  And the General Tso's was spicy!!!  The way it should be!!It was a generous portion, and the fried rice was flavorful.  The egg roll, well it was an egg roll, but I love egg rolls as well!Be mindful, this was just a review of one dish.  I do have to go back and try more!
3	This place has the look and feel of the standard, small, family-owned Chinese restaurant (with the light-up grid menu hanging above, one small counter dead center in the room when you walk in, booths along the wall to your left, etc.).  The staff was quite friendly when I walked in and ordered.  As far as the food goes, it was mostly fine. HUGE portions, so if you're a volume eater and crave Chinese food, go for it.  However, from experience ordering a chicken dish from this place, they load it with WAY more vegetables than meat, which was somewhat disappointing.  It's still pretty decent Chinese food.  Their medium-sized portions of noodles and such are enough to last you the day.
2	Not recommended. Szechuan beef tasted like ketchup. Spring roll spongy and tasted bad. Pork fried rice is OK.  My daughter likes the Sesame Chicken but too sweet for my taste.
1	It is too bad I can't give this zero stars.  Eat at your own risk!  I had Kung Pao Chicken and got really bad food poisoning.   The chicken was all dark meat and tasted aweful. I will never go back here again.
