4	Don't believe the 1-star review posted here by Debra O. We were skeptical about trying Hayashi out after reading it, but went anyways and discovered it was really just a big lie...probably someone who works at a competing restaurant.The prices were normal for a hibachi grill / sushi place...not cheap, but certainly not any more expensive than other restaurants of this nature.The food was quite good.  The Japanese onion soup (while not miso) was better than the starter soups at most places, the salad was good, as was the fried rice and vegetables. Everyone seemed to enjoy their main course as well.All in all, it wasn't the greatest Japanese steakhouse I have been to, but certainly better than average.
4	I took my dad and mom there for a late father's day dinner. We went on a Thursday night and it had a 30 minute wait, which usually means a good sign. We got cocktails at the bar which doubles as a sushi bar. Drinks were priced at $7 range which is decent. When we got our table we checked the menu out and there were many choices. I went for the sushi side while the folks ordered from the menu. Everything was tasty, the service was good and the waitress was friendly. The waitress had a hard time understanding english and miss heard "Albacore Sushi" for "Avocado Sushi". She fixed the problem by not charging me for the "Avocado Sushi" however they did not have any Albacore. Now how many times have you been to a Japanese or Sushi house and they don't serve Albacore? Really that's my only gripe but overall the place was good and planning to go back soon.
2	I'm going to have to partially agree with Debra O, and I can guarantee you I do NOT work at a competing restaurant. And you freakin well BETTER "believe my review". The prices are very expensive here. Our total bill for two people and one three year old came to $54. That's with a simple chicken and steak dish for me ($22), a hibachi vegetables with chicken on the side for the wife and a noodles and chicken for the kid. No sushi. Inside, the place is okay - although they took us to the back room (we opted for the sushi side rather than the hibachi side) which was very cramped - even without it being particularly full we still had to move chairs out of the way in order to scoot through to our table. The food was okay - I've had better. I would have gone for a little nigiri or sushi rolls had I not been put off by the price - a SINGLE piece of yellowtail nigiri for $2.50? Pfft. The rainbow roll wasn't the common one with shrimp, yellowtail etc, which I ALWAYS get - instead the picture showed it with different colored fish roe instead. Pass. Didn't look like they had spicy crab roll either. Already, Fresh Wasabi was ahead IMO. The kid's dish was adult-sized, far more than a three year old could hope to eat unless they're a Ricki Lake special. My kid is not.The highlight was the server. He was very attentive, friendly and helpful - returned several times, always kept the glasses filled, had a couple of menu recommendations, offered to help by looking up deals at the counter for the chicken/veg combo the wife ordered to see if he could punch in a better deal (which didn't happen, but whatever), and even boxed our takeout for us. Then again, doubling the tax got him a hefty ten buck tip so.. (shrug)Won't be going back, I'm afraid. Simply because this is apparently the only teppanyaki restaurant in Surprise doesn't immediately convince me that I need to gush over how awesome it is. That Greek place down on Reems that died and got replaced by Nick's Diner was awesome. Ritters was awesome. Babbo's spaghetti and meatballs special is awesome. This place is meh, bordering on bad value for money especially in this shitburger economy where even McDonalds is now offering two big macs for $3. You can feed two people for $3 and I fed three tonight for almost $55. Seriously, I tried my hand at Gordon Ramsay's smoked paprika chicken stroganoff recipe a couple of nights ago (although I substituted pork loin strips for chicken and roasted poblanos for green peppers), and not only were the ingredients half the price of my meal tonight but what I made was twice as delicious. When I go to a restaurant I'm after food that tastes BETTER than my own cooking yeah. Snort. Bring back El Paso!
1	First let me preference this review by saying that I contacted Hayashi (via email) the day after the last incident happened and they have not responded to me, which is unfortunate.Our first visit to Hayashi was when they first opened and it ended with us leaving before we were even seated due to the fact that there was such confusion with the hostesses.  We went back a few weeks later and it seems as if there was still a cloud of confusion lingering. We told the hostess we would like to sit in the bar for happy hour and we asked her if we could sit anywhere in the bar and she said yes and seated us in a booth.  After sitting there and being ignored for quite awhile my husband went and asked the hostess if there was a server available.  Soon after our waiter came to the table and we asked about the happy hour specials which he started to recite.  We asked if there was a menu available for the happy hour and he returned with a photo copy of a menu.  We ordered a couple of martinis and some sushi.  At least 10 minutes had passed and considering the fact that there were only four people sitting at the bar and another booth of customers the wait seemed excessive.  Finally our waiter showed up without drinks or food and told us that we had to be physically sitting at the bar to have the happy hour pricing... seriously?!  So after almost 30 minutes of being in the restaurant we don't have drinks or food and we are told we now have to move to the bar, which we did.  The bartender seemed occupied with cutting, cleaning and talking with a couple of girls that she didn't even notice we were there.  We got her attention and she asked us what we wanted.  We asked her if the waiter transferred over our order from the booth and were told no, he did not.  So again we order.After all of this we were ready to leave but we were hungry and needed a drink!  Thankfully the sushi chef was good, as was the sushi.  The drinks were just "ok" and again, the vibe was just lame.  That coupled with the lack of responsibility on the part of Hayashi to respond to my initial complaint is disappointing.  I really doubt if we'll go back.
5	Not sure what is up with all the reviews? I have eaten at this place 4 different times and only once was there an issue. And that had to do with the waiter not sure of what beer to serve with Saki. The food on the lunch menu is an awesome price! Steak $10 Chicken $8 ? who said they paid $22 for steak? even the filet mignon on the lunch menu was only $15? This comes with soup vegetables and your choice of rice. We are going there tonight to have dinner. This will be my first dinner there and I will be sure to write a review. We are going with a party of ten. I always have an awesome time at this restaurant and I always come home with leftovers because the portions are so generous. I was told that the dinner menu is more expensive but you also get way bigger portions and also some of the dinners can be shared. If you think it costs too much go to Dennys. The great show, fresh food and fun atmosphere are worth every penny!
2	OK..this review is for the sushi side only!  Remember that...we did not experience the hibachi side.To sum it up, we'll never go to Hayashi for sushi again.   We ordered a sashimi plate and it was very good - couple of pieces I sure didn't recognize, but all four servings were very good.  Then to the rolls - salmon skin rolls were not.  Not even according to the menu.  Neither was the hamashi (sp?) roll.  Both were not good, not made the way they were described and the seaweed was tough.  So that brings us to the spider roll.  It was ok, but the tough seaweed kinda took the fun away.And the waitress was no help.  She admitted she didn't like fish and instead of taking care of replacement, she made 3-4 trips out to the sushi bar (if you go, don't sit in the back room) to get his side of the story.  Cream cheese in salmon skin roll...no sesame seeds on hamashi roll? What kind of fish was that?  Oh, red fish.  I understand. What's not to understand?I'm still praying for a great sushi bar on the west side.
4	I've patronized Hayashi for lunch(weekday) and dinner(weekend) half-a-dozen times and sat at the bar or in a booth. I am there for the rolls and and not much else.There are numerous roll selections. Almost too many for my taste.  The rolls are good, although I usually stay away from any cream cheese contained rolls.  The fish tastes fresh. The eel can be too dry. The "white" fish used in some rolls tends to be very dry when served tempura style. My favourite roll is the Volcano roll: Spicy tuna piled on top of rolls. Seattle roll is good too.As far as price, don't kid yourself. $50/person is pretty average. That's 3-4 rolls and two drinks.  Yes, they are $2-$3 more than I'd like them to be but considering the available choices: acceptable.The place is very busy on the weekends. I've had lunch during the weekday. It provides a great opportunity to ask the sushi chef questions about what is in the rolls and watch them make it. Considering the small size of their sushi bar and regular bar, service isn't too bad. I've been told there are plans to construct a larger sushi bar. That's good new for customers.Dave at the bar provides great service. Haley is a work horse. Smile more Haley!!! I've only sat at Pua's tables and have nothing but good things to say about her service and roll recommendations.The one glaring deficiency is the lack of customer service from management. Roam the floor, greet the customers, ask about the service and food, offer advice to those undecided on what to order. How about having samples to help entice those who are totally lost.Connect with the customers and we will come back for more.
4	Best lunch I have had in the west valley in quite some time. Presentation was great, Our server, David was attentive and wonderful, a rare quality these days and the food was delicious.
5	I don't understand why people are giving this place 1 and 2 star reviews. I read their reviews and they mostly say the sushi is good, the service is good, but I'm gonna give it 1 star because it was $55 for sushi. Are you kidding me?  Sushi is NOT cheap, and if you eat cheap sushi you're probably gonna get sick!  I went to this place on a Sunday, was greeted and seated right away, was promptly brought drinks, soup and salad by a friendly waitress, and enjoyed a good show from the hibachi chef. I also ordered some sushi rolls which were brought to the table in a reasonable amount of time and tasted awesome!  Just because you had one bad experience or you ordered a sushi roll you didn't like or it was too expensive doesn't mean you should give a place one star!  Also this place is kinda new and it always takes restaurants awhile to get things running smoothly. We should support these individually owned restaurants so we can have more of them here and more choices and better food  That's why the food back east is so much better than out here in Phoenix because of the independent operators; instead we get the same ol big chains out here and it's about time we had a change of pace. And to the person that even mentioned McDonalds in his review, shame on you!  Go watch Supersize Me and you'll be glad you paid $55 for some healthy, quality food!  2 Big Macs for $3 = heart attack and a huge doctor bill! So you'll be payin' in the long run.
4	I enjoyed this place, I LOVE LOVE sushi and it was GREAT. There are numerous roll selections and they all looked very good. Each one we ordered was tasty, and of course when you go for sushi gotta have a saki bomber! Cant really go wrong with saki and sushi. It was a little on the pricey side. I would return and would recommend it. The place is set up nicely and is very traditional. I am always afraid of ordering desert at sushi places, becuase I have had some pretty bad experiences. We thought hey look they have a chocolate cake how bad can that be. So glad we did order it becuase it was SO YUMMY! Good place for sure. Will return. I just wish they had a better happy hour!
5	I was referred to this place by a coworker, so my family and I decided to do a birthday dinner here. It was fantastic! A very clean environment, our wait wasn't that bad and the staff was very friendly. When we sat down our waitress was excellent and kept my drinks topped off even though I didn't ask which was a big plus for me( that is a "tip" changer! ) when our chef (Daniel) got there he was super pumped, it seemed like, and he was very open and outgoing always braking jokes. He was very entertaining and this was excellent for my 2 year old as it was his first place like this, and Daniel interacted with him all throughout the meal calling him "baby" he would flip the salt shakers in his hat and say "where did it go baby?" and my son would point to his hat and he did that every time he flipped something into his hat. I have been to a lot of places like this and by far for here in the valley this has been the best. Benihana doesn't hold a candle to this place do to showmanship and portion quality. I recommend this place if you are looking for a good fun night with some delicious food, I'd be a regular here if it wasn't so far from South Phoenix.
5	Hayashi is a GREAT place for good sushi/sashimi and drinks! We've never done the hibachi side, but we love to sit in the bar and order sushi. All their rolls are superb, with fabulous presentation. Also, if you're a fan of the Vegas Roll, be sure to ask for it! It's not on the menu, but they'll still make it, and it's WONDERFUL!
5	I found this place on my birthday, and have been a loyal fan ever since!  Everything at Hayashi has always been top notch!  I've eaten in the bar, sushi bar, and habachi, and have never ever been disappointed.  David the Bartender is the man.  If you ask him to make his signature cocktail, he will ask you what types of spirits you prefer, and just get creative from there.  At the Litchfield Park location, our favorite sushi chef is H.  Yes, he is so badass, that he can go by the name of just H.  His attention to detail makes the dining experience so much better....no loose rolls!  And then there is the Habachi area:  Outstanding!  Each chef brings their own unique personality to the grill, and we have had a blast with each of them.  And ofcourse, the food was excellent!  Always a great experience @ Hayashi!
4	yummy! the sushi is great.. i also had the steak and shrimp from my boyfriends plate.. that was yummy too! they don't have a good happy hour or else id give it 5 stars.. :(
4	Excellent sushi! Great selection of specialty rolls.I have not tried the habachi yet.
2	Service was great, but the sushi was not. I'm a sushi fanatic and was very disappointed in the quality. The spicy tuna roll that came with my dinner plate was obviously sitting out for a while as the rice on the outside was dry and hard. The seaweed was also chewy. I'm sure the hibachi side is nice, but skip the sushi.
3	12 of us sat around a large hibatchi grill, of which they have 4...or was it 6?  I forgot it was called hibatchi until I read another review.  If you don't really care about japanese words except "sushi" and "tsunami" like me, then hibatchi is one of those big flat circular grills where a dude with some sharp knife cooks and serves your food.  Our cook had skills, as good as any I've seen.  All the typical toss accuracy tricks with a few twists. AWESOME: If one of us didn't order something that was being cooked, the cook would toss a little on your plate.  A lot of us shared food, and THIS ACTION CUT DOWN ON COST.Yes, hibatchi experiences are going to always cost a little more.  And sushi is always going to cost on the high end of protein foods.  At Hayashi's, you are paying partly for experience.  For family/group fun, use the hibatchi side.  For more intimate times such as dates or business meetings, use the sushi bar side and get your buzz on.  The cooked food was better than the sushi.  I feel I was able to dissociate between the two styles, and I am a massive sushi fan.  THE SUSHI WAS AVERAGE.  Slightly better than what you might get in the fresh foods area of a grocery store.  HOWEVER, "STEAKHOUSE" is in the name of the restaurant.  The precedence is the hibatchi side.  The sushi is a nice quarterback option hand-off fullback.If I just want average sushi I'll pick some up from Sprouts, crack a beer, boxers on couch.If I want an experience, where people serve me and cook for me, and I'm not on a tight budget, then Hayashi's cool.  The place is nice, new, classy, and clean.  Lots of room, perfect lighting, and pleasant background noise.  I HAVE ZERO COMPLAINTS, AND NEITHER DID THE GROUP I WAS WITH.If you're from the Surprise area, check it out on a special occasion.  if you're on business, check it out; worth a few extra dollars and what do you care on business expense. I'm A-Ok with this place.  I plan to eat there about once a year.  If I've been there a time or 2 more and have the same experience, then 4 stars.
4	I LOVE this restaurant!!! The food is excellent and the servers are good.  The restaurant is divided in to two parts - the hibachi side and a table service side.  I go to both sides and have had a good time on both sides.The one complaint that I have is that the cooks on the hibachi side, all use the same "script".  They all do the same tricks and it gets old at times.Overall, it's a great place!
1	The Sushi was good but the staff was horrific. We sat at the bar and the bartenders boyfriend brought the wait staff Starbucks (which is really sweet, I'm not knocking the gesture) and then proceeded to just "hang out" so apparently that was a good enough reason for her to forgo her job responsibilities for the evening. It's always uncomfortable when you're eating at a restaurant and the employees are just standing in a big group talking about their personal lives and how "crazy" the customers are. In my opinion, the staff is very unprofessional and they act as though they are annoyed with your very presence. I've been to Hayashi several times and always put up with the horrible service, but I'm afraid this time was my last. I won't be returning. Let me know when you hire a new staff and I shall return.
5	I am going to go out on a limb here and give them five stars.  I looked at the other reviews and when I see a bunch of twos and threes it really does NOT do this location justice.  We came in for a friends birthday party and I gotta tell you, this place was head and shoulders above Benihannas.  Our server was J.C. and he did a fantastic job of not only entertaining our group, but quite frankly the food was great and it was memorable!  Nothing was less than perfectly executed on the grill.  Drinks from the bar were good, and deserts were also delicious!  It is a pricey treat, but well worth a return visit.  My only complaint, they had no egg roll on the menu.  Would have loved an egg roll...but oh well.
4	We've been to Hayashi several times now with larger groups and we've always had a good time. We've always sat at the hibatchis  which is fun and lends for an interesting evening.  We've been to Benihanas several times and honestly, the food is better at Hayashi. We all had different items and everything was cooked to perfection. Nothing was dried out or under seasoned like you often get at Benihanas. JC was our chef and he was funny, entertaining, and fit right in with our rowdy crowd.The only reason why I didn't give this a 5 star rating is that the drink service was SO FREAKING SLOW! Granted, the restaurant was jumping but it was a really long time between refills and I really hate that and its been like that every time I've gone there.
4	Really happy with the food. We were visiting family around the Surprise area and went for my friends birthday dinner. We were very happy with the food. We all did the grill and I had a little bit of sushi. I was impressed with both. Only problem was we called to reserve a table and they said they had a min. of 6 to make a reservation...but that we should be okay to just come in. We got in and they told us we could wait at the bar. The happy hour looked nice but we just got a few drinks and an app. Then when they finally said they could seat us... they  made us wait a little longer at the grill table to "see if anyone else shows up" to sit next to us. No one did so it seamed to be a waist of everyone's time to wait so long.  The food was really great just wish they wouldn't have made us wait for an hour (or let us reserve a table when we call the day before). Overall I would go again and I would like to try more of their sushi.
1	I am only reviewing the TEPPAN TABLE SIDE: Japanese Teppanyaki steakhouses are my favorite type of restaurant.  I was excited when Hayashi opened in Surprise.  Unfortunately the excitement quickly wore off when I ate there.**THIS IS NOT A HIBACHI PLACE** Hibachi is with an OPEN GRATE GRILL - you can tell who the N00b reviewers are here to this style of cuisine-They dont know what they are talking about.I have ate at various Teppan steakhouses in Phoenix, Los Angeles, Hawaii, and Las Vegas so I have extensive experience in knowing what is good and bad teppan style dining.   If you have never ate at a teppan steakhouse than I am sure you will find this review useless and your experience there great because its your first time.  Teppan steakhouses is the style of Japanese dining where they cook right in front of you. Benihana is one of the more popular chain restaurants that has this style of cooking.  The chefs are all under experienced (except the master chef who i have yet to see at a cooking table) and the rice, vegetables steak and chicken are all under par in comparison to other restaurants I have been too.  Also, hayashi doesnt have a lunch menu on the weekends, they charge FULL DINNER PRICE. ... Ah-So doesnt do that, you can get the same dinner meal at lunch on the weekend at Ah So for less.Also, I have a Japanese friend that ate at the non-teppan side and the waitress was Japanese and she found it difficult to recommend a good authentic Japanese dish.  Take a look at all the good reviews here... not a single Japanese person will recommend this place.  Its GRINGO Japanese,... like Taco Bell is Mexican to people. If you are looking for good caliber teppan style cooking this isnt the place... I am sure others will disagree but I also here people recommending great mexican food and when I check it out its totally horrible food... i guess taco bell and del taco are too much of an influence on people in regards to what is real mexican cuisine, but that is another review.UPDATE: Went there to lunch for just SUSHI and waited and waited and waited... we bailed on them.  Horrible place to eat ... I hope they close and another better Japanese restaurant opens in its place.
5	Love this place! Have been several, SEVERAL, times to both the sushi bar and the grill. The staff was very friendly! The food was amazing and fresh and they dont skimp at all on the portions. The price is also very reasonable especially at lunchtime. The grill room at night is alot of fun. If you order a saki bomb they usually will ask if its your first time.. always say yes. haha.. they have a way of doing the saki bomb in thier own Hayashi style. They pour the japanese beer in the cup and the saki in the shot glass. They then put two chopsticks on the rim of the glass and set the shot just barely on the chopsticks. They have the whole table yell.. SAKI BOMB! three times then they bang the table and the shot falls in the beer and you chug it. Although you do not have to do this it is alot of fun.. The chefs are a riot with jokes and they usually chop up small portions of food as they are cooking and try to have people catch it in thier mouths.. if your up for it. lolMy husband and I are just starting to get into eating sushi. We have went to Hayashi 4 times now for sushi and each time the staff was more than willing to help make suggestions and explain the whole process to us. We had such an awesome experience the last time we went that I actually asked for the employees name so I could give KUDOS to him. Thank you Michael Berry for not only your knowledge and suggestions on sushi, but also for your great personality and hospitality! This place has an excellent staff all around. :) I would reccomend this place to anyone looking for a fun time with good service and good food.
4	Teppinyaki, large servings, great meat and fish...just awesome! The chefs were fun, of course and had the kiddos laughing. The meat was so very tender and seasoned perfectly. We had a full party so the beverage service was a bit slow but expected.
4	this place is very specialthat's how they make you feel.  went there with a big group of 11 and they had their head cook right in front of us and gave us a spectacular show.  the chef had a great sense of humor and was really good with the kids.loved the food too!  this place can get a little loud but it's a good time.definitely give this place a try.  Ask for Hieu as your chef!
2	Dinner was good....service was ok. I am willing to give it a second chance in hopes that the folks were just off last night. We saw our waitress 3 times and while she was nice enough....waiting for everything got to be more than frustrating. A bit pricey but if its the name you're paying for.....I guess.Simply put...they MIGHT get one more chance to impress me. But right now.....I'm not even close.
1	I have to disagree with a previous reviewer who stated that Hayashi made them feel special... We didn't feel special at all... We felt like all they wanted was our money; service, quality, and atmosphere be damned!We arrived last Monday right around 1 pm and found the place near empty save for what appeared to be a lingering ladies lunch group.  Were we seated with them even though open seats remained at the grill and the chef was still cooking???Nooooo... We got placed at the first two seats of an empty grill... Then told to wait and see if anyone would be joining us... Did I miss something? Did I sign up for the 1 pm group dining session? No, I did not, but what do they bring to my table almost 15 minutes later?  My beverage?  Nooooooo... They bring us one of the most acidic and toxic personalities I have ever been forced to dine with!!! He was pretentious, slovenly, rude, imposing, possibly wearing a toupe, and a show off; and that's the nice things I have to report...  What's worse is that he is clearly a regular and all the staff clearly knew this about him!  So why would they seat him with first time diners when there was no shortage of chefs????  Because they did not care to make us feel special...Drinks arrive but the main man has to ask twice for sugar.  Getting refills was like begging for rain in the middle of a Phoenix summer... Futile!  After being there almost 45 minutes we are allowed to order sushi but still no grill chef in sight...The sushi was ok... At least we didn't get sick.  Remember our obnoxious table-mate???  I agree with him on one thing... The sushi chef that day sucked... The rolls were loose and turned into piles of rice and fish with a mere touch of the chopstick... Real bummer.The grill was marginal... Oh, yeah, the chef appeared at the hour mark... Yeah, we are feeling very special now... He swung his knife and spatula about and set some oil on fire... Oooohhhhh... Aaaaahhhhh... I'm friggin hungry!  Make. My. Food.I end up with a pile of fried rice that, frankly, could have come from anywhere.  It lacked any seasoning at all and none was available on our table.  The veggies were fresh but like the rice, unseasoned.  Do these people watch the Food Network?  Do they not know that a failure to season is a food felony???And finally, the meat lands on our plates... Cooked fine but, again, not seasoned in any way... So I had a good size pile of flavorless, almost texture less, non-descript food in front of me.  And by now I am so annoyed with my forced seating and table company that I want to run screaming from the place!!!!Instead, I ask for a to-go box, because I think my dog will like the pile, and the bill, because I am now hoping to escape this hellish experience by 3 pm.  I get the box and the bill and we run for our lives... At 3:05 we are safely on our way... And NOOOOOOO we won't be back...Hey, I guess I do agree with one of the prior reviewers, Hayashi did make me feel special... Just not in a good way.  I hope others have a better experience but for us, this was two hours of our lives we will never get back!
1	I've been to this place twice, the second time only to give them another chance.  Did not like the dining experience at all.  Our chef was hitting on another waitress while cooking dinner for our table and then he proceeded to clean the grill with some horrible smelling-ammonia based spray while we were eating!!  i nearly lost my dinner and won't be going back.  My husband wanted to add that he got shorted on vegetables because the chef didn't have enough to go around.
3	Punchline: expect a wait for food and inattentive service on weekdays, but sushi is terrific. Recommend the King Maki and Times Square rolls and sashimi.
3	Based on "Dirty Charlie" the funniest cook I've ever sat in front of!
4	Okay, first of all, it's not hibachi. It's a teppanyaki grill. Secondly, do not go on Friday nights with your little kids or else you will expose them to drunks who yell and curse like they where at their houses. Overall, the food is not too bad. Especially the soft shell crab appetizer. I love the way they cook and serve it. It is so addicting. On weekdays, after 8:00 (maybe 9:00), they have a reverse happy hour on drinks and menu items. It's a pretty good deal. The service is good. Pua is our favorite server. As for our Teppanyaki grill master, I forgot his name, but he is good. He said he is from Manila of Chinese ancestry.
5	Love this place!!!  They really went above and beyond when we spoke to the manager and requested that they stock a certain type of beer and returned again to find it there!  We love the sushi and specialty rolls!  Seafood soup is the BEST!  Hope everyone enjoys it as much as we do!!!!
4	Very good fried rice, I recommend getting it. My Aunt Suzi said it was the greatest she ever had!! A little slow on the drinks though. Definitely go!!!
5	Awesome sushi. Sushi and drink happy hour is an awesome deal.
5	Atmosphere was excellent, food was fast, hot, and delicious. Saki hit the spot. Highly recommended
1	Being the only sushi joint with a nice atmosphere in Surprise, I decided to give it a try. My first dining experience was awful. The hostess (female, asian descent) was absolutely so rude!! My boyfriend and I stood there waiting to be acknowleged while the hostess was engaged in a conversation with one of her co-worker. She finally looked at us and continued to carry on her convo! I looked over to my boyfriend and said are you kidding me? 15 mins later, we are now seated at the bar. It took about 10 mins to get menus and to get some service! Sushi was ok, nothing great! I couldn't get past the smell of the restaurant. It smells awful..when I left the place my hair and clothes smelled like it. Again, being close to home and really the only sushi joint other than Fresh Wasabi, I decided to go back and give it another shot. Nothing changed...horrible customer service and just super unorganized. I'd rather drive up to Squid Ink and give them my business than ever go back to this place!
3	Much like judging a book by its cover, when walking up to the entrance to Hayashi you will be disappointed in the appearance of the facility.  Within 40 feet of the front door I spotted 2 empty Budweiser cans, an empty soda can and an empty bottle of sun tan lotion.  Petrified chewing gum and dirt graced the concrete in front of the entrance doors. The restaurant's outdoor appearance was a mess, but read further.Once inside, as a couple, we only had to wait maybe 10 minutes to be seated with a two other couples at a grill.  The interior of the restaurant was average and in need of a small tune up. The menus should be replaced as they are worn, and their spines looked to be in need of duct tape.  The staff was attentive.Heiu, our table master, redeemed the evening for us.  He was funny, and talented.  Absent his better than expected performance and cooking perfection, the establishment would have receive one star from me.  The food was moist and delicious.Do not be put off by the slovenly appearance of the restaurant's exterior. Hayashi did deliver the goods as to an entertaining dinner and good food.
4	Heaven!!!  What can I say, I love this place.  Granted, it has not tasted the same since we moved back, and we have eaten here 3 times in the past month!!  My kids think it is just as good as it was before, however I am on the divorce diet and can not taste anything.  So this review will be based off of their need to eat there once a week - literally.  They remember who we are.  The wait staff is awesome, always telling me how nice it is to have kids with manners (thank you, I try!) they know my kids know where the "special" chop sticks are, and let them get their own.  The cooks are great, throw fake food (sometimes real!)  at you, make lots of fire, and put on a good show! If you are on a budget, go for lunch.  You get the same amount of food for 1/2 the price. Kids meals start at $8 - same for lunch and dinner.  It is like having a 2 hour baby sitter!!
3	They have 2 sides one side is the restaurant and the other is a grill style where they cook the food in front of you. Me and my wife have been to both sides and the restaurant side is not so good but the grill side is great. I recommend the grill side because it's fun and the food is delicious. Make sure to tip the cook. We didn't have cash and I felt bad I didn't tip him.
1	I read the review that Steven E. wrote only minutes ago and quite frankly I am so embarrassed by the filthy conditions of this eatery. As you know, the Japanese take extreme  pride in cleanliness and neatness. This restaurant  is a disgrace to the Japanese culture and community at large. I have not eaten there nor will I unless they clean up their act! The owner, if he is Japanese, should consider hari kari. I hope he hasn't damaged our reputation too badly! My suggestion is to close down for a couple days and scrub, clean and polish from top to bottom and keep it that way! My apologies  to the loyal patrons for this sacrilege.
4	Dropped in late one night. Both the hostess and waitress were quick to let us know that waiting a few extra minutes would allow us to order from the "reverse happy hour" menu. The wait was worth it! Great prices on appetizers (shumai were delicious), rolls (the one with mango was our favorite) and beer and saki..
2	The reason that I did not make this rating one star is because they have several specialties which I did not try. We went and only had sushi, which was enough to scare us away. Very poor quality in both the rolls and sashimi. It looked like they did very well with the hibachi grills, but I would not recommend the sushi to anyone.On the plus side, the atmosphere and decorations were very nice and the server was very helpful.
3	It was alright...not the best sushi I've ever had, but not the worst.  And, plus, we were in Surprise...so I had low expectations.  It was definitely more expensive than we expected.  And, they were missing key ingredients like pickled radish or gourd, so they couldn't make a Futomaki roll or any of the more authentic Japanese rolls.  It's Americanized sushi, but hey, it's in Surprise...what's that saying about a thirsty man in the desert?
4	First time eating at a place like this. The food was great! The atmosphere was awesome. You have a server, who brings you drinks and takes your order. They were very quick. Then you also have the person who's going to prepare and cook your food. Part of your table is the grill they cook on. They put on a show while they cook. My cook made a flame about 4  feet tall. Yes, it  was hot, but very awesome. I will be going back and trying another another dish. Very entertaining and great food!
2	"japanese" steakhouse for the masses, serving mayo-slathered "white tuna" improvised-roll CRAP. perfect match for the Bell Road restaurant abyss of HELL.HEAD TO FRESH WASABI SUSHI BAR DOWN THE STREET.yeah, yeah... benihana chop chop, zing zing. that's all great, but i look for the seeds of real japanese cuisine, and they're almost nowhere to be found here... (and I gave it 3 hopeful visits before writing this.)--love the tempura. crab stick tempura is my comfort food, and the tempura is expertly executed. kudos to the kitchen. +star#beverage menu boasts a broad sake selection, but none of them are ever in stock.#when asked, the sushi chef promises "all the fish is the best". when your chef says that, it means that NONE of his stuff is fresh.#chef refuses to speak with you when you sit at the bar, inches from him. you must order through the server, and she will speak with the chef.BUT THERE IS NO ONE ELSE IN THE RESTAURANT!#and the server does not know the japanese words for anything on the menu!#after my ticket comes up on his printer, he looks at it briefly, and then continues his side work.#wait for it.#entry experience paying attention to all the wrong things.fused-to-the-sidewalk bird poop all the way to the broken entry door with taped paper sign, "use other door", complete with arrow.exposed water spicket rusting and leaking all over the walkway. Uh oh. reminds me of "Diamonds Chinese" (see review)glass is filthy as is the rotting wood door handle. ew. "i wonder what's inside" as i pull the crookedly-hanging door from its frame...real japanese experience takes pride in the cleanliness of your entryway and the approach of your guest. not here.
1	Hayashi sushi has gone downhill since the last time we ate there.I should have known to go somewhere else as soon as I walked to their front door.  Deferred maintance with a leaking faucet, dirty front doors, messy sidewalk, etc.We will be seeking out a new place for sushi.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE... Better than Ah-So in Glendale! Sushi Rolls, Drinks and Hibachi are fantastic!! We are totally addicted and eat here several times a months!! love.. FAV-- Hayashi Roll, Times Square Beautiful, Four Seasons... Shrimp & Calamari on the Grill!!
3	My brother and his girlfriend wanted to try out this place. We wanted to sit at the tepan table but it was a 100 minute wait!  So we grabbed a booth. The rolls were pretty food. The edamame with garlic was awesome and we tried the cowboy roll and surprisingly it was pretty good. It's a roll with filet mignon and peppered sirloin. It was a little too pricey for my taste. I've had better sushi and at a cheaper price.  I would probably go back just to try the tepan.
2	So my best friend in the whole world (and another Yelper) was born on New Year's Day, and her daughter was also born the same day.  (What are the odds??)   They wanted an intimate get together to celebrate both of their recent birthdays and this restaurant was their choice.   Okay, no point in beating around the bush...I'll just come right out and say it; our waitress was friggen awful.  She left us high and dry for several minutes at a time and she completely forgot to bring me a high chair.  Finally after waiting for about 30 minutes for her to remember to bring me a high chair, another diner at our table went and found one since I was having trouble keeping my wiggly daughter sitting on my lap.  And I could make a big deal about the fact that we were seated for probably 30 minutes before she even took our orders, and probably about 25 more minutes before they brought us our appetizers, and that she never even once asked if we wanted to see a drink menu and I finally had to ask if they even offered cocktails and that finally prompted her to produce a drink menu about 20 minutes and another request later (20 minutes, I'm not kidding).  Since my husband doesn't drink and is my permanent designated driver, and we were celebrating, I got a pineapple mojito, minus the pineapple.  No, I didn't order my pineapple mojito without the pineapple, it just came that way.  So it was just a mojito flavored mojito.  Now, to be fair it was still a damn tasty mojito, but I don't think it had passed within 22' feet of a pineapple, EVER.  I'm just saying.'  Our waitress obviously didn't notice that when she got our order from the bartender either.  I just have to repeat it; she really isn't very good at what she does.  I'm sorry, I know that is harsh.  And despite the fact that I was in a party of three (yes, I knew the other diners, but we were all on separate checks) I still got hit with an automatic 18% gratuity for a large party.  WTF?  Really?! Ugh...   But then let's talk about the food.  When they finally decided to serve us food it was a mixed experience.  My baby daughter got a tempura plate and I think she really enjoyed it.  She ate a little bit of everything and enjoyed dipping her fried shrimp and veggies in the dipping sauce.  I tasted her food and it wasn't bad at all.  And the mushroom soup that comes as an appetizer with the teppan entrees is delicious.  I mean really, really good.  I don't know how they prepare it, but it was staggeringly good and I would've consumed a gallon of that stuff.  Also, the salad with orange ginger dressing was very cold and crisp and delicious too.  For dinner my husband ordered the vegetarian teppan and I ordered the combo teppan dinner with scallops and sirloin steak.  (Side note: I love scallops, but the last 3 times I had them prepared in a restaurant I had gotten violently ill.  I knew I was taking my chances with getting another bad batch, but I wanted scallops again so bad I decided to roll the dice.)  The good news?  I didn't get sick afterwards, these scallops were very fresh.  The bad news?  They were so fresh that they still had fresh little pieces of sand embedded all throughout them.  You never want to bite into a scallop and hear a crunch:  EVER.   Also my food was horribly over salted, and I do mean horribly.   I'm no shrinking violet when it comes to salt, but this was too much salt, even for me.Also, my scallops were done cooking a full 15 minutes before my medium rare steak was done.  That kinda sucked as they could have easily been timed better by the chef.  Our chef was very friendly.  The fried rice that comes as a side with the teppan dinner was pretty good, but nowhere near as garlic-buttery-tastic and delicious as the chicken fried rice served at another unnamed teppan place that I routinely go to in Tempe...The damage for our whole dinner and my drink was about $70, so it wasn't too bad in the grand scheme of fresh prepared teppan dinners.  I just wish the service had been better and the scallops hadn't been full of sand. But you know what's most important? That my best friend and niece had a great birthday party.  And at the end of the night, despite the hiccups with the food and service, I think they did have a good time.  And THAT is *still* what matters most to me.PS:  Sandy scallops=YUCK!
2	Food was okay... Teppanyaki Chef was fun and good but other service was not so good.Things made me sad:#1. Long waiting time... Took waiter for very long time to stop by and bring us check... The restaurant wasn't really full capacity. It is either manager is too cheap to hire more people or someone called in sick...#2. I brought coupon on Passport on my iPhone. They told me it needs to be printed out on paper in order for them to take it... really???
5	We came in Saturday night for a friend's birthday and it was great! The food was wonderful, our server was extremely upbeat with a great personality, our chef was funny and great at what he did. They accidentally served our soup and salads to the table next to us so we had to wait longer than normal, but it wasn't a big deal. We probably wouldn't haven't noticed if they hadn't of said anything. We'll definitely go back!
2	This review is pretty overdue - time flies eh? But all I can really say is Ick - no. I was in town and staying with my Mom and she was pretty excited to take myself and some other lingering family members here for dinner. Having been a frequent Benihana-er in the past I feel my expectations were pretty high. The service itself was okay - but our cook - he was SO wrong. I'm sure he's just trying to make everyone laugh but he was making sexual noises and "oh yeah baby's" while "beating the meat" or whatever it was he was making. I was there with my Mom and her husband, but even if it was just friends of mine? Ew...no. So disturbing. Older Asian guy "making love" with and to my food does NOT equal appetizing in my world. Not only that - but the fried rice was a disaster. I live for fried rice - and it was almost non edible. Who puts garlic in their fried rice? Well, sure, these guys do. Not just a hint - like a mouthful of "HEY I JUST ATE LOTS OF GARLIC" amounts of garlic. I had the Salmon as well - which was tasty overall but it was so over-salted/peppered that I found myself choking on it until I eventually gave up. Sorry to say - none of us will be back here. Not cool guys - just - not cool.
2	The show was the standard onion volcano and spinning eggs. The food was nothing special as it went from bland to weirdly seasoned back to bland. Awesome wait staff helped the score but the price and overall food experience means I most likely return.
5	The best Mahi Mahi I've had yet! I've tried it now all over Arizona, in Hawaii and even in Tahiti where I recently was for my honeymoon. It took them almost the whole time of everybody elses dinners to cook to finish my Mahi, but it was worth the wait. I would definitely go back.
2	Once a month we are in this area for the past 6 years, and we have never ventured to Hayashi. I was tired of eating Chick-fil-a and needed a change. Well today was the day... This is a really neat setting with the food preparation in from of you, this is only for dinner. For lunch we were directed to the bar area.  I am not a sushi person and its seems that they specialize in that. I do however like California Rolls. Unfortunately, the Rolls were not served chilled like I am assuming they should be. They were made fresh, but the items inside were not chilled. Room temp at most. I ordered Shrimp Tempura and they were ok. Everything on my plate was fried. It said I get veggies with my shrimp tempura and I got Veggies in a batter fried. Kinda grease overload. Our service on the other hand was great. He was attentive and took time to explain and questions I had. This is what was stopping the decline to 1 star. I would like to try the Family style dinner with the chef sometime and maybe that will swing my review some.
4	While in AZ on vacation, my father in law brought us here. I had never been to a Japanese restaurant but was pleasantly surprised at how great the food was. We had "Daniel" as our cook. He was funny and entertaining. All of us ordered different things, steak, lobster, chicken, salmon. No issues with the food at all- It has since become one of my fondest memories of my father in law.
5	My folks love this place but I was a bit wary after reading the reviews. I am not a big hibachi fan but they wanted to go for their anniversary. My husband and I thought it was fantastic. The ginger salad; yummeh! The mushroom broth soup; simple and engaging. Even my mushroom detesting husband slurped up the soup, and bonus! I got his rejected floating fungi :-)  I had veggies and tofu; delicious and more than I could eat (or most humans could). Fried rice was addictive. Only complaint is that the delicious teriyaki sauce be applied MUCH more liberally. Staff was fantastic, prompt, friendly and unobtrusive. Our chef was hilarious and made my beloved folks really enjoy their dinner. Not a bad thing to say about this place :-)
5	I've been to this place a couple times in the past with friends, and I must say, this place has really amazing sushi! There's a certain waiter that we'd always get helped by who remembers us and is a real cool guy! We once waited a few hours for the happy hour specials upon arriving early, and he was very accomodating and friendly. This place is a real hotspot in Surprise and definitely should not be missed.
2	Service was just ok.  Food? Awful.  Decided to stop in with a friend of mine because we wanted sushi.  Our normal spot is Kabuki but wanted to try this because I live close by.  Big mistake!  The rolls were falling apart and they just didn't taste right.  Needless to say I haven't been back and I don't plan on it.
1	Terrible experience. Horrible service. I know it's New Years Eve, and we had a reservation for 8:00pm. We were sat at 8:05. It's now 9:35 and we have only received our drinks. Other tables that were seated after us are eating. The manager came over and said there was a miscommunication between the hostess and the server and then he walked away. Bullshit! I'll never return here again. If I knew we could eat at another restaurant this evening, I'd walk out. POOR MANAGEMENT.UPDATE: After 2 hours, and not even a second round of drinks, we DID walk out. Now eating at Chili's. Great service here.
3	This place is really cool, but I have been to some better spots in my time. I really like the food selection on the happy hour menu. Teppenaiki here is really fun. If you decided to stop into this place for teppenaki ask for Charlie to be your chef. He is funny.
3	Filet Mignon and Scallops were delicious. Fried rice was ok. Soup/ brown broth were not great. Salad was mostly bad lettuce and curdled looking dressing. We decided to opt out of the show and just order from the kitchen for time constraints . We enjoyed watching the other tables show, especially seeing the kids enjoy. My biggest bummer is the back of my chair was falling off. In looking around that was the case for many chairs. The menus were ratty and in need of repair. This naturally makes one take note of the overall disrepair of the waiting area plus more. This is a newer restaurant and should show better. Overall, entree's and staff are good, management should work on the details.
3	Sushi is ok here. The hibachi is fun too watch but I'm always hungry afterwards.. I love to eat and it's really expensive to get full here.  Kid meals are expensive!  Beware... Felt stupid paying 8$ for a kid's meal for dinner when it was just "ok"..
5	I've gone here for multiple birthdays and a graduation celebration. The food was always perfect every time even when out party was 9 people. Steak and Shrimp is my favorite! The sushi was bomb too!
2	The food was good, our griller was nice, but did seem a little inexperienced. Our waitress was nice, but took forever when it came to refilling our drinks, getting our bill, and had even forgot to give my husbands card back so he had to go back the next day to retrieve it! As if that wasn't bad enough she dropped a fork in sauce when reaching to pack up our food and she splattered sauce all over my husband.With us we had our two kids as well, and they thought the food was great, but later when we got home, we all got soooo sick, my poor daughter even had to stay home from school the next day. Had to throw out all our $20 an average plate food, what a waste!Then to top it off, the bathrooms! Both the men's and women's bathrooms were awful!!! I would have rather used a port-a-potty! I don't even want to go in to details they were that bad!!!This was our second time there, the first was a decent experience, but this last experienced has left my family and I scarred!!! We are bummed because we love these types of grills, but we will not be returning to this specific one again.
4	Happy Hour is great! There are two, one from 5-7 and the other is 8-close. We like the later one since that is when the rolls go on special.  Biggest drawback is that they are so busy and usually only have one person working the whole bar area. I always feel bad bc she is so swamped!  Which means that you are normally there at least an hour for some sake and rolls. But despite that we enjoy ourselves every time.
4	This has got to have changed hands??  Oh, Man...the lunch last week was excellent!  I had the sashimi lunch special and it was excellent!Sat at the bar....and the barmaid didn't know s... about sushi (don't you people have a training program??)  But she was an excellent bartender and made our experience very comfortable.  Soooo glad I came back.  Maybe only for lunch?
2	Went here for lunch a few weeks ago and we were not impressed to say the least.. The hostess was rude and ignored me when I asked her a question about the menu. After we were seated, our waitress was pretty friendly and brought out our soup fairly quickly. However, she came back to check on us and started to take our bowls away while we were still eating. She apologized but we told her to take them anyway because it was pretty awkward. Then she forgot half of our order and I cant understand why. They were completely dead with maybe one or two other tables and another waitress! The food was ok, nothing special. But I probably wouldn't come back. They kind of ruined our experience...
1	The sushi did not have a good flavor and some of the sushi was just wrong!   I do not recommend it!
5	Love this place. I always sit at the bar and never had a bad experience. The food is always great and the bartenders are friendly New York roll is my favorite.
3	Good and mediocre both!  GOOD: the scallops were morsels of buttery deliciousness.  We were seated promptly.  The grilled veggies were excellent. The steak was also good. MEDIOCRE: say yes to the fried rice cause they won't bring your steamed rice till everyone is done eating.  Don't order chicken because it won't be done till everyone else has eaten their entrees   They give you forks not chopsticks  and no shrimp grilled as appetizers like as Benihanas
5	My husband and I love going to Hayashi Japanese Steakhouse for happy hour. It's always good food and a good time. We sit at the bar and get a couple of glasses of the house Cabernet and share a bunch of appetizers. It's like Japanese Tapas. Makes for a great dinner.Last time we got the Japanese Chicken Nuggets, Yakatori, and S&B. The Chicken Nuggets are basically just deep fried marinated chicken served with tangy sweet dipping sauce. Probably pretty unhealthy, but definitely delicious. Yakatori is broiled chicken and onion on skewers served with tempura. Also delicious. S&B is broiled shrimp and bacon served with teriyaki sauce. All three were great. The chicken nuggets were so good that we ordered another round! If you want a nice sit-down meal, try their hibachi dinner on the other side of the restaurant. They have veggies, chicken, salmon, shrimp, steak, scallops, filet mignon, and lobster tail. I've tried the chicken, shrimp, steak, and filet mignon, and they're all fabulous. You get soup, salad, white or fried rice, and plenty of yummy dipping sauces. It's plenty of good quality food for a reasonable price. Plus it's fun to bring family and friends. The hibachi chef always puts on a good show. I love the onion ring volcano. Nifty trick, that.I highly recommend Hayashi for your next special occasion or just a casual, relaxing happy hour. In fact, I might have to go there tonight!
5	Mon-Fri 12:00-3:00 they have lunch specials that are amazing. I'm talking full on hibachi, cooked in front of you, large portions for like $10 a person. They also have a sushi deal that is (from a selective menu) three rolls for $10. This place at lunch time is just too good to pass up. Food is amazing!!!
4	If you don't have time for a full dinner (awesome, btw), check out the happy hour specials.  I think I've had all of them by now, and they're all delicious.  The dipping sauce they use for the japanese chicken nuggets is amazing and I wish I could buy a bucket of it. Atmosphere in the place is relaxed and comfortable.  Service at the bar could be better.
4	Excellent happy hour lunch specials with a variety of options for the sushi/sashimi crowd and those who like their food cooked.
5	We tried this place yesterday so that we could take some food to the drive ins for our date night.  Based on previous reviews I ordered the orange chicken and my wife the orange beef.  The chicken was amazing.  All white meat cooked crispy and drenched with the orange sauce.  Beef exactly the same and not chewy like other Chinese places.
5	This place never disappoints. New owner, awesome service great food! Sushi is very fresh beer is cold doesn't get any better :)
4	I love the new owners! They are really nice. The first couple times we came in it was a little rocky but that was because they had a whole bunch of brand new employees. We even had our waiter walk out on our table half way through dinner...the main reason we can back was because the owners were so nice and the food was still delicious. We have been back three times now and it gets better and better! We even have a favorite hibachi chef his name is Jessie. He cooks everything on point and to your liking plus he delivers a great show. My husband and I recently tried one of the sushi rolls *time square roll* and it was amazing. I am very happy to have found a hibachi restaurant close to my house.
2	SO DISAPPOINTED!  I had been a regular at this restaurant because of the delicious food and the servers.  I went back today after a couple months away to find that they have changed owners, changed personnel, and CHANGED THEIR FOOD!  First of all, the took the professional looking menus and changed them into printed ones with spelling mistakes.  Then, they raised the prices.  The food was not as flavorful and did not have the same taste.  They got rid of my favorite mustard sauce and replaced it with shrimp sauce...not nearly as good.  Service was S..L..O..W..I almost got up and left.  The server was nice enough, but new and didn't know much..I didn't see any of the servers that used to be there.  The only plus is that they now have happy hour until 10pm throughout the restaurant...For the cost and the raised prices, I can definitely do better.  And that makes me sad.
4	Absolutely delicious and entertaining, got to see our meal made in front of us, excellent food and service was okay, not great service but okay. Definitely will be coming back!
1	Terrible sushi. Couldn't finish it at all. Ordered quail egg, sweet shrimp, spicy tuna roll and a salmon skin hand roll. When the chef gave my server the shrimp heads to deep fried he went and showed people and his co worker how it looked and how weird it was before bringing to the back. When my order came out I was given tamago instead of quail egg and told him I thought it was wrong. The server said that he asked the chef and he said it was quail egg. I once again said it wasn't quail egg and they corrected it for me. The decor was dark and depressing. I will never go back again
1	New owners have destroyed this place. No garlic for some reason in food now? You can't even request it. No showmanship from the chef. No volcano. No nothing. Server was not very good, would say almost rude. The soup is now just like beef broth with couple of mushrooms. No real flavor. Even the filet is not of same quality as before.  Just beyond disappointed.Sadly eventually this will just mean another empty building in Surprise. No way this place survives way it is run now. We enjoyed this place before but new owner has zero clue how to run a business. Never go back again.  If zero stars was an option that is what I would give.Please not the recent reviews are very bad. Only good reviews are from before the new owners.
4	I love sashimi.  I would have it every day if it were less expensive.  Good sashimi is not just tasty but beautifully served.  Such was the case here.  I ordered the chef's special sashimi plate.  It came with tuna, salmon, and a few other types of fish I don't recall.  It was beautifully presented -- and in five minutes or less.  I gobbled it down as slowly as my appetite would allow -- so appreciate was I of the display that I didn't want to ruin it too soon.  The wasabi was appropriately hot.  The whole experience was sublime -- even though i was practically the only diner at the 9:30 PM hour.  I would eagerly go back if I lived nearby.  A wonderful place.
1	Visited this restaurant with a large group on what appeared to be a busy night.  Would later find out it was due to unprepared staff and primarily management.  The service was dismal, drinks took 30 minutes to arrive, the chef arrived before soup and drinks were delivered to table, and honestly the food was not good.  When going to the bar to get drinks, I was ignored by bartenders and also the manager.  Poor service, poor quality and expensive food equals a waist of time, money, and patience.  I would avoid this place and go someplace else if you are looking for Japanese dining.
