3	When I was 12 my older sister got her first apartment. And she took me with her to Pier 1. I was in little boy gay heaven. And to think, she wanted my pubescent ass to help her decorate. Hmmm....do you think she knew something. Anyway, wow, all that great Pier 1 stuff. Director chairs, lava lamps, bamboo vases with baby's breath...if only I could replace my bedroom's Charlie's Angels motif for all this. But we were here for big sis. In those 25 plus years....Pier 1 hasn't changed that much. And that's cool. I just think they've gotten a little big for their britches and the prices are too high and don't match the quality of the product. A balsa wood nightstand? Hmmmm...not gonna work. But those cute little plates with the palm trees. Nice touch. And do you think you could jam anymore into this space? Word of caution to future Pier 1 shoppers: limit your pre Pier 1shopping cocktails to only two. Otherwise you just bump into stuff. And break a lamp. Or something. So I heard.
4	I totally agree with Thomas S. that Pier 1 has gotten really over-priced for its own good. I also think that they could stand to expand their offerings to include some furnishings and decor that are a little more modern/urban (like the loft collection West Elm just introduced). I think they could update their offerings without messing up their overall concept. I get kind of tired of seeing the same dark wood furniture pieces with ethnic embossing over and over again, especially when one dresser has a $600 price tag. That being said, Pier 1 is an awesome place to pick up accessories to complete or add to your current furniture and decor. My personal favorites: their reeds/feathers/silk flowers, plates (buy one cool one and display on the stand they sell separately), martini glasses (we have two striped ones displayed on our wet bar), trays, and candles/candle accessories. They also always have a huge variety of colors, which is really helpful if you have something particular in mind; this is not the case at Ikea or Target, which tend to have decor in stock that is only in specific seasonal or featured colors. This particular location of Pier 1 has a really friendly and helpful staff. When I went a little overboard (spent too much) on a recent trip and brought about half of the stuff back to return, they were really nice about it. A lot of places give you attitude when you return a bunch of items, but they didn't, which I appreciated.
2	I am redecorating my front lobby of my business; Essence of Harmony Sacred Massage.  After my artist / client Lucretia Torva stained the concrete slab of the floor, we needed a few NEW things to take my clients experience all the way to Morocco.  At Pier 1, I was greeted by a lovely gal, very friendly, who had a thick German accent and couldn't understand English that well.  She did the best she could by showing me around to the tables, vases, etc... but she couldn't 'get me', so I suggested I just look around.Next, I bumped into a fella wearing the apron who acted too busy to help me, but did anyway because it was so slow that night.  I was a wee bit nervous picking out new things and it was clear that he tolerated me.  Finally, at the check out, I asked if there were any coupons I could use because I left my booklet at home.  He said NO, but gave me a small booklet in my bag.  After getting home I realize it is the same booklet I had forgotten with a 20% off coupon involved with it.  This could have saved me $30 which I would have appreciated grately.  Pier 1 clearly did not have my best interest at heart.While the atmosphere in that place is like a child in The Chocolate Factory with Willy Wonka, I don't know how soon I will be going back.~ Luana Joya Lucia, International Massage Practitioner
5	So many great items!Be sure and see Chris or Tanner!  They know their stuff.
3	Over priced import store, but has good sales  including clearance.  I've found reasonably priced decorator pillows in colors I can't find elsewhere.  It's also a good place for unique dinnerware; I found some killer retro dinner plates bowls and small plates.  Staff runs from helpful to pushy at times.
