3	I got no hate for Tim Hortons!  This place offered up fast and what tasted pretty healthy sammies.  Not bad when you're searching for a quick bite to eat.
3	The line was very long when I arrived, but it moved fast. It is consistent like any Tim Hortons and good in a pinch (which is why I went there). Not everyone speaks english, but enough of them do to communicate what you want.
5	It gets five stars for what it is -  it is DEFINITELY as good as this sort of food gets. The coffee is flavorful, and they don't overwhelm it with milk and sugar. The tomato bagel with asiago and parmesan is delicious. Their version of the doughnut hole, the Timbit, is perfect. They're denser than I'm used to, which is really quite pleasant, and they're not overwhelmingly sweet.The people at this location are very pleasant and were communicative despite the fact that I don't speak any French at all.
4	This is underground underground. I was so happy to find my Timmy's.  Sausage egg, english muffin is my new breakfast love in the morning along with my double double ( 2 creams, 2 sugars. Strong, sweet, and cheap.  Taking another escalator down the underground mall of Place Marie inside hotel of Queen Elizabeth (taking 2 escalators down).  There is a nice hidden library looking seating.  Dim place to eat and chill. Seems quiet at non peak hours.  I was in line when it was a bit dead and boom there was a long line behind me out of now where.  People must have got of the metro of Bonaventure.  TIMS! yay! Lil secret place..definitely hard to find from the outside world lol.. don't bother to come unless you have the time.
1	I'll start off by saying that this was my first time at a Tim Horton's and had heard good things.  We went for breakfast before our train back to the States.  I had the BELT (Bacon, Egg, Lettuce, Tomato) on a pretzel bagel.  The bagel did not taste fresh and the eggs could barely be found.  My girlfriend had the bacon, egg and cheese on an English muffin.  This thing was TINY and would have made an Egg McMuffin look big.Somehow they ran out of hash browns but didn't realize it until after we paid.  They offered us a doughnut instead but we didn't want that. The coffee was so hot that you couldn't hold the cup more than 10 seconds.  Because that we had to throw it out.  We were  already delayed and had to catch a train so we chalked it up as a loss.
