3	i've been to this burger joint before, in london, and it will always live in my memory as the place where i spent $40 on a burger, fries, and a couple of drinks. the pound's a bit weaker now and so my latest trip here only set me back the equivalent of around $28. is it worth it? well, let's just start by saying this place has made it onto more than one "best cheap eats" list. 28 bucks ain't cheap for a burger, fries and drink but this just goes to show how un-cheap things are for an american in britain. that being established, if you want a good description of the food here, look no further than the name. this place serves up top quality scottish beef burgers (or chicken, lamb, chorizo, veggie and more if that's your thing) accompanied with a long list of yummy extras. the fries are golden, light, and delicious too. so yes, i'd say it's worth the price. the only gripe i have is that they won't let you order your burger medium rare. i guess they're still not over that whole mad cow thing.
4	Gourmet Burger Kitchen was one of the first places in Edinburgh to redefine the concept of fast food. They were savvy enough to recognise that people like to eat burgers in burger joints, but don't necessarily want to lower their standards by stepping over the threshold of a branch of McDonalds or Burger King.The burgers at GBK are made from quality meat; wild boar and buffalo options are available alongside the more traditional Aberdeen Angus beef. There are lots of exciting toppings to choose from too; beetroot, avocado, thai red curry and houmous, all feature on an extensive list. Everything is cooked freshly to order and they even cater for vegetarians with five different veggie options (the puy lentil one is really good). This is fast food that begs to be savoured.
4	I wondered down here on a lazy evening with a friend. We were craving meat and in particular burgers (funny how at some times you know exactly what you want right then and then when presented with a choice you get confused). Anyway,  we were both super pleased. Their burger quality is excellent, and although Americans in particular will find the price high, for Edinburgh its quite reasonable for George Street area.  Then bun was fresh and the sides were just the right amount. Plus I like my choice of sauces and burger filling and this place sure catered to it. We arrived at close to closing time, but we weren't turned away- nice for a change to be treated a bit more politely! But do keep that in mind in Scotland, just because it gets dark super late in the summer doesn't mean the kitchen in restaurants will wait for you.
4	If you're looking for a succulent burger then I definitely recommend Gourmet Burger Kitchen, even the name is more inviting than other burger joints and you won't be disappointed by the quality or the service here. I love a good burger now and again, it has to be my favourite comfort food, especially partnered with a side of piping hot chippies. Everything on the menu was appealing to me so I really struggled with what to go for, so much so that it probably took a good 15 minutes before I finally made up my mind. In addition to regular beef burgers they also had a great selection of chicken burgers and vegetarian options too. I finally decided to go for the "Mexican" burger which was delicious and absolutely massive, I was absolutely full to bursting after I'd polished it off. For the size of the burgers I think they charge a reasonable price and if you're looking for comfort food that is slightly more adventurous than your average burger, give this place a whirl.
4	Gourmet Burger Kitchen is, for once, a restaurant that lives up to its name.  The burgers are indeed gourmet, and I can say with confidence that I have never had a better burger than the one I had here.  It's tucked in at the western end of the effortlessly fashionable George Street, and is one of those places that you have to visit for great food in Edinburgh.The food is main lure for me here.  I am a definite meat-eater, and this sort of place that serves primarily meat is great for me.  I think their menu has changed slightly since I was there last, but when I was there I had a Greek burger.  This was essentially a burger with some feta cheese, salad and some relish.  It was so tasty, and I wish they still did it there, because I would quite happily have it again.  We also got some chunky chips as a side, which were also supremely tasty.The service was also great, especially considering we were there at the busy lunchtime period.  Food came out without too much of a wait, and the prices are reasonable considering the quality of the food on offer.  It is so refreshing to see a place like this striving to pursue excellence in burrgers, unlike the fast food chains and gastro-pubs, who often do the humble burger a disservice.GBK = Great Burger, Kapiche?
4	When a burger joint was suggested for a Christmas party, a small piece of me died. Burgers and veggies equals a rice patty which the majority of time has a consistency of lumpy wallpaper paste and the flavour of cardboard. Great, I said, count me in. Got to give GBK kudos - everyone loved their burgers and best of all for me, I didn't have a burger! Well, it looked like a burger, as in it had a burger bun surrounding it, and it was, as with the other burgers, impaled by a set of spikes. But mine had camembert, rocket, slices of sweet potato, roasted red pepper, aubergine and mushrooms stacked on top of each other, with sweet onion jam to finish it off. Truly delicious. Technically no you don't get chips with your burger, but I would also point out you have to pay more at MaccyD's as well to get a box of fries, so ok I pay more, but I get something better than what i can get out of the aforementioned establishment. Definitely tastier than your average bear!
3	A-OK sums this place up well, thanks for the prompt Yelp.With a name like 'Gourmet Burger Kitchen' you expect big things. If 'Burger' is in the name, they likely specialise in burgers. And a place that specialises in something should do it well. And with the addition of 'Gourmet', they are really blowing their own trumpet.The conditions were perfect and worked in GBK's favour. I was starving. I hadn't had breakfast or lunch, and me and the boy both had a craving for burgers. Food always taste better when you're ravenous and have a specific thing in mind.As it's a burger speciality place, they have many different types of beef burger to choose from. I was a little (well, a lot) disappointed to see that the chicken burgers were coated in breadcrumbs and fried. As it's the healthier option (chicken over ground beef) I normally pip for them, and so much prefer grilled chicken breast. Breadcrumbed chicken burgers are just a little 1990s for me.Also, as the burgers are the special, and are so big, they don't come with anything else included in the price. No salad or chips. They are there on the menu but as an addition.Although it is nice you can order the burger in two sizes. I had small.So, the burgers. Yep, A-OK sums it up. The pattys were homemade, but quite thin. Normally gourmet burgers are bulging beasts that hardly fit in the bun. And with visible bits of onions, chillis, all sorts. Well, the type I've had. These weren't bad, but they weren't good.I had the Jamaican, which came as a standard beef burger with a ginger and mango relish. Mm, ok.The boy had a burger with bacon. Mm, ok.Other than that, we left full and satisfied but not in a food-induced happy-heaven coma (which is my standard way of measuring whether the food was good or not).Basically, i've had better burgers elsewhere that don't include 'burger' or 'gourmet' in the title. Mainly pubs that have one type of burger on the menu, but that do it VERY well. Speaking of which, I think I'm going to make a list on the subject...
3	Much like Jenny I have to say A-ok is this place in a nutshell.Was there on Saturday in an attempt to cure my hangover. Again being a lover of meat I was really hoping this place would prove to be an awesome burger salvation.I was ok, it jkust fails to hit the high notes. They get so much right it really is a shame, the service is fantastic - the girls interact with the customers and helpfully advise on their favourites and suggestions.I had the Pestorica or something to that effect, burger with relish, pesto mozzarella etc. Also had a side of onion rings with dips.The burger when it comes is visually fantastic and seems huge, the pedto and mozzarella are great, the salad fine. To the burger - its just too thin. When you order they make a point of saying are you happy for the burger to be cooked medium, to which i smiled and said medium rare is fine by me!!The burger is far too think to maintain a juicy redish centre that I was hoping to see and lacks a bit of seasoning.The onion rings are dipped in corn flour and fried, i prefer a batter as it sticks to the onion better, these were crumbly and greasy and just not what i had hoped for.To finish I had an oreo milk shake which was awesome to the max! This place could be the best burger joint in town but for now sadly they are letting themselves down!!
1	waste of time on my holiday thanks to some of the incompetent reviews below.The burger was dry and tastless. cheap dressing and the burger fell apart when you try to eat it.makes study visit to New York and learn how a good burger should be. try Shake Shack, Burger Joint, popburger or Burger Island.
5	Just a note to say you all need to go try the taxi driver burger! Its their special, and it is indeed special. Beef burger, bacon, jalapeno relish, onion rings, salad all in an incredibly soft brioche bun. Perfection. No its not fancy or esoteric but when its that good it doesn't need to be. Get one before they get a new special.
5	The biggest GBK I've ever been in. Super friendly staff (of one - in the front of house). New loyalty card scheme, too! Yay for free GBK noms. I know it's a chain, but it's a nice little chain. Glad to see it in Scotland.
5	I love a good burger. The ultimate burger experience is right here, look no further, I found it!Holy moly.The varieties, concoctions and sheer number of amazingly decadent and sinful or decadent and healthy options really frazzled our brains. Especially when you see the burgers whizz past you, bulging with goodness and harpooned into place with a skewer.But, we finally decided, and decided on these bad boys: The Chicken Satay Burger, Taxidriver, Classic, Chicken, and the Camembert & Cranberry burger. You'll need to take a look on my blog (link below) for the pictures. They were visually stunning and the tastes just blew my mind. Alongside our food was a portion of lovely, REAL, chips with the most amazing mayonnaise I've ever tasted in my life. Garlic, lime and coriander mayonnaise. Words can't even describe how amazing the flavour was. I'm definitely going to make my own version of it because I need it with all chips from now on!We decided to go nuts (literally) and have some milkshakes. The calories from the burgers aren't enough for us monsters. So we tried the new shake: vanilla & peanut butter. It was amazing. Served in frozen metal cups, they were sweet and creamy, nutty and also a tiny bit salty. So, so good! I can also vouch for the banana and the chocolate milkshakes. Even after the outrageous amount of food eaten, these milkshakes went down a treat!See the review with photos here: http://houseofherby.com/...
3	I have come here once or twice before and have been happy with the burgers.  This is my first yelp review on this place so I would give it 3 stars as it could do with some adjustments. Firstly tables are a tad crowded for what you order and with two people at the table it is "COSY". It's counter service so the man had to wait in a queue to order, that seemed to take a wee while.  Everything came within about 15mins and i was starving.  The burger was tasty and moist adn the rosemary ultra skinny fries were yummy too!  I got a "welcome dip" with the GBK app, so opted for the blue cheese but that could of been a little less lumpy as the fries sometimes broke whilst dipping.  It was busy but we weren't rushed but felt watched as the interior is like a hallway, people often hovered whilst waiting for to pass waitiers or other people and got knocked a few times on the chair mainly from other customers even although there was space to pass.  The bench was hard and very unfortable to sit on after a while - I'm glad my man sat on it whilst i choose the chair!I have to give the food the points, as the experience was meh - serivce was good though.  it was just the seating arrangements really quibbled me.  It's not put me off going back - I will just my table and time a little better next time!
3	Have to rate GBK a-ok and it is worth a visit if you are a gluten free peep so you can get a burger in a bun. Yes, a burger in a bun is not a huge deal for most people but when the bun part is usually off limits then this is something to be celebrated...You order at the till point - great if you are wanting to split bills. Help yourself to free water and monkey nuts - free peanuts are always a winner in my book! We came in at a non-peak time - after 4pm so it was fairly quiet and our food and service was pretty speedy.It is a chain and as such I don't think the offerings will ever be mind blowing as formulaic food rarely is, but for me, my burger (cheese and bacon) was decent. The burger was moist, not grisly and still slightly pink in the middle. My bun was decent enough too - fairly soft and was ok for holding together, unlike a lot of GF rolls which disintegrate when you take that first bite.They do an app as well so you give your app number to the server and it gives you points to build up to free stuff so this would be worthwhile if you are a regular. I can't see me going to GBK all the time, but anytime I fancy a burger in a gluten free bun then I'll pop in here as other places are woefully inadequate at offering this.
4	I'm not sure about the mixed reviews on here.  This place was really good.  My husband enjoyed his burger, the skinny fries and rosemary skinny fries were really yummy.  I had the falafel and it was great.  We were there in the afternoon, so it wasn't really busy.  Service was fine - order at the register and they'll bring you your food when it's ready.  Peanuts while you wait.  I have nothing to complain about here, if you're looking for a quick and somewhat reasonably priced proper burger.
1	I have been to other GBK locations (London) and was in the mood for a great burger but I was so disappointed! I typically would have given the other location I visited 4 stars so I had expectations. I ordered a buffalo burger. "Sorry, no buffalo today." So I said I'll take a regular burger with cheddar. Plain. No sauces. No salad. No toppings. And an order of sweet potato fries. "Sorry, no sweet potato  today". Ok, onion rings.So I wait for what seems like an eternity for my burger (and the place only has about 4 tables with customers...mid afternoon) and the burger is wrong and the onion rings are burnt. The burger has lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle, mayo and salsa. I send it back and it returns less than a minute later. I asked the waitress if they just scraped off the toppings, to which she answered no but when I lifted the bun, I showed her the remains of the salsa. Walked out without eating lunch. Won't be back to this location.
4	One of the best burgers I have eaten and the sweet potato fries with baconaise is to die for. Not a great selection of bottled beer but it was OK. Service was good and they were able to accommodate 5 of us on a busy Friday night. Looses a star for being a bit pricey for what it is.
