4	Great little BBQ joint on the north end of Madison - emphasis on little. The place has perhaps a dozen tables, most only able to seat two. The decorating scheme is similar to a log cabin, with varnished wood walls and ceiling, and red checkered table clothes on the tables. The food is wonderful - the smoky aroma hits you as soon as you walk in the door. The half rack was delicious. The sauce is a traditional red, tangy and a little sweet. They also serve the sauce on the side if you order a pulled pork sandwich, which is nice.
5	I've had BBQ across this great land of ours from Austin to Dallas to NYC to LA to St Louis to New Orleans and places in between and I'm gonna share a secret with you - Smoky Jon's is the best BBQ I've ever had.  The ribs and pulled pork are the most tender, perfectly smoky and best tasting i've had.  I'm not an evangelist for dry rub or wet rub or combo - all I want is good tasting grub.  The sauce here is delicious.  The sides here are also some of the best.  The baked beans have little pieces of pork in em and are super tasty.  If you're going to the airport its right by the entrance - make a quick stop and you won't be disappointed.FYI - Jon of Smokey Jon's has won BBQ competitions all over the US.  His BBQ grill is a huge pink pig that he hauls on the back of his truck to competitions.  Jon also is a huge big nice looking man.  He knows his BBQ probably from first hand experience.
5	As this is LITERALLY my favorite restaurant, I can't believe it's taken me until now to review it.  I carry a bottle of Smoky Jon's sauce with me when I go to other places to eat.  That's how good it is.  The pulled pork and brisket sandwiches are excellent.  I can put down a 1/3 slab of ribs, a pulled pork sandwich and their super-excellent fries with a side of corn like it's nothing.My only small gripe is that sometimes, after about 7:00 PM (they close at 9), the ribs seem like they can be a little over-done.  (Not as tender)Smoky Jon's turns me into a pig, and I love every delicious mouthful.
5	Went here tonight based on Yelp reviews!What a great find! I drove by this place on my way to work for a YEAR and never thought to stop in. At a glance, it doesn't seem like much. Nestled(snugly) between two other buildings you can almost miss it. I'm so glad we stopped in! It has that true BBQ joint atmosphere- checkered cloth tables(each complete with it's own roll of paper towels), wood paneling, and Southern blues playing overhead. You order at the counter off of a big overhead wood sign, and they bring piles of saucy goodness to your table. This place is littered with awards for their barbecue. I guess the owner travels and competes(and a lot of times, wins) at national cook-offs.I got the 1/3 slab rib and beef brisket combo. The ribs were super yummy. Flavor-full, but not too smokey. The brisket was nice too, not too fatty. I would say that the house sauce has that vinegar-like tang. It's sweet and spicy and tart all at the same time. Nice. My saucy side dish(aka boyfriend) ordered the turkey, which we both thought was good...but nothing amazing. The sides were really tasty too. The beans were delish, and the sugar-buns(read: fried dough dusted with confectioners' sugar) weren't too bad either.We both left with tingling tongues, full bellies, and smiles on our faces.* just a note--parking in the "lot" is super sparse and hard to navigate in and out of...the only drawback!
5	Smoky Jon's rack o' ribs puts all other rib places, and places that serve ribs to shame.  The portions are ginormous and the meat is tender.  The sauce that's slathered everywhere is spicy, tangy, sweet but not disgustingly so, and smokey.  It reminds me of sitting around a campfire roasting some damn fine meat, slathering it up in top notch BBQ sauce and then grubbin' happily. For sides we had baked beans, garlic mashed potatoes and dinner rolls.  However after stuffing ourselves with tons of ribs there was no room for the sides! We ordered out because the dining area in Smoky Jon's is teeny tiny and the parking lot is even worse.  Truly, my only complaint was that I spent all night in the bathroom after eating here.  I think that's because my system was just not prepared for the rich, smokey, deliciousness that I have never experienced before.So it was worth it!  YAY!!!
4	BBQ: Great! Picture on the outside of the building of a pig eating his own ribs: Disturbing!
5	Thank God! When I was an undergrad in Madison back in 96, we scoured the city in search of decent bbq to no avail. I'm moving back in August and now know at least 3 places where I will be dining in that first week. This is one of them and I look forward to it. It just unfortunate that it's on a street named after the Packers... boo. Go Bears ;)
5	Small little joint, good bbq, fast in, eat, fast out.
4	Staff is super helpful when my party couldn't decide what we wanted.  Service was fast and packaged quite well (take out).  Barbecue pork shoulder was good, ribs were great, buns were good.  Something wasn't quite right with the sides though, we had coleslaw, potato salad, fries and beans (though I didn't try the beans) and while they were good, they were underseasoned and just missing something.  Overall a very satisfying experience and I would definitely go back!
5	Yeah, for realz... all the awards, accolades, etc., are spot on. Best ribs I can remember having in a very, very, very long time - perhaps ever. I especially liked the end portions of the slab that somehow dodged the sauce and were on the  tougher side (think jerky). That alone was fantastic. Unfortunately, much like the Cookie Monster now says that cookies are sometimes food, these delicious ribs are sometimes food too. Every now and then though, I might have my Cookie Monster moment where sometimes is NOW!
5	I'm not a die hard BBQ fan nor do I normally spring for it when I'm hungry but after eating here I may change my tune.The ribs are amzaing, the meat practically falls off the bone and is so tender!! The pulled pork sandwich is equally delicious and the serving size is more than generous. The sweet bisquits are a nice way to end the meal, served piping hot and covered in powdered sugar; although ordering them serperate is recommended as the baked beans and fries are a must have!!
5	I may be a little biased since I've grown up on these ribs but damn it if these aren't great ribs I have no clue what are.  Got off the plane and the first thing on my mind is ribs.  It's right next to the airport.  Even if you are there for a layover just take a cab up the street and get yourself a full slab of pork ribs with two sides for only 20 bucks.  That's enough food for 3 people folks.  If you ain't keen on sharing with your nasty, always sick, finger licking companion(s) then they have individual meals too.  The meat is fall off the bone tender and juicy.  The bbq sauce is what I judge other sauces by.  It's vinegary and a little sweet and a whole lot of flavor.  If you are in Madison and you  crave ribs then this is the only place you should think of.
1	mmmm....eerrrr... this is not real barbeque.  The ribs don't taste bad, but they aren't cooked slow enough, because the meat doesn't fall off the bone and all the flavor comes from the sauce that's slathered on it, not the actual meat.  The turkey was a insult to the art of barbecuing -- it tasted like deli meat that had been sprayed with liquid smoke.
5	BEST SWEET MEAT IN MADISON! The sauce is unique and fantastic with tiny onion pieces in it contributing a bite to the sweetness of the base with it's slight tang. The meat is prepared exactly how you'd expect--falling off the bone with a slight resistance. I'd kill for these ribs! ...I'm serious... For take out, I find the ribs to be a little under sauced. I bought a bottle of Smoky Jon's Sauce to take home to load up the ribs.
4	After hearing that this place was the bees knees from many friends and reviews, I decided to take a small group of friends and give it the test.  Afterwards I was impressed and absolutely full, but I wouldn't give it the BBQ crown.I think most of the value here comes from its uniqueness.  Smoky Jon's sits in a small little log-cabin-style shack, and when you walk in you are witness to the plethora of awards they have received from their delicious BBQ fixins.  Soon, you'll discover their own personal sauce (which I hope you slather across your food), and a menu that has item descriptions which make you want to grow a second stomach.  Corn bread, beans, ribs, brisket, pulled pork, etc; all the delectable food you'd expect from a place like this.  I personally had ribs and brisket with corn bread, and I ate every last bite with no regrets.Problem is, I've had some really good Barbecue in my life, and the overall taste of the food, while good, wasn't great in comparison.  Some of the places I've dined at in Kansas City, for instance, were a step up from this.  Even some of the dishes at Famous Daves could rival Smoky Jon's, although the ribs certainly could not.  The rest of my party all had mixed responses.  My girlfriend didn't really care for what she ordered (I can't remember what it was, a sandwich of some sort), and several of them didn't like the smallishness of the place or the service.  The lady was OK, but she was behind the counter mostly and didn't do much to make us feel welcome.  When we walked in we were all really excited to be there and try it, and she was just kind of "meh."  Also, the location is probably the least desirable of any restaurant I've been to in Madison, but that's more relative to where you live or how you feel about certain neighborhoods.Overall, worth a try and probably one of the better BBQs as far as Madison goes.  While it doesn't get the full star ride from me, I can see why others give it high praise.
4	Me and my boyfriend were driving from the dells back to Illinois and we were getting hungry for lunch.  We decided to skip all the fast food chains you can get anywhere and decided to let yelp tell u where to eat.  We searched high ratings in Madison and we stumbled upon Smoky Jon's. It did not disappoint.  It was also conviently located close to the highway. We ordered the ribs and brisket sandwich. The best part is the sauce. I wish I brought home a bottle of sauce. I will definately go back if I'm ever in Madison again!!
2	This place is running on the fact that there really is no good BBQ in Madison. And Smoky Jon, if that is his real name, may have won a lot of awards, but he is not selling that winning BBQ at this location.I got off a plane starving after a long business weekend and I could not eat the ribs that were served because the tips were burnt and more like chewing tobacco than ribs. I wouldn't mention the sides because that is not why you go to these places, but Jon you need to get off the beach in Cancun and work on these recipes, they ST-I-N-K.
4	Smoky Jon's is some of the best BBQ I've had in Madison.  However, I haven't tried many places, so that's not saying much.  I really enjoy the ribs and the pork shoulder sandwich.  The brisket is good as well.  I have found all the barbecued menu items to be flavorful and tender.  The burgers aren't that good, however; they're overdone and greasy.The sides also leave something to be desired.  I've never had a bad side dish, but I've only really been impressed by the fried biscuits.  The mashed potatoes are runner-up.  The pasta salad and potato salad are both well below average.Service at Smoky Jon's is both quick and friendly.  Employees will remember you, which is always nice.  The prices are good.  The location is a little iffy, though; the parking lot is too small and the building itself can feel cramped.All problems aside, I will keep coming here for the delicious BBQ.
5	I've had BBQ all over the country but the sauce here is my kind of flavor. The meat is so tender and juicy it hardly needs sauce, but the sauce is so good I have to get an extra cup on the side! All the sides are tasty so you can't go wrong there.
5	"Forrest, what's going on with them damn sugar fried biscuits!" Yes, that is what I literally heard there. This was followed by a refund on some of our meal-more on that later.My friend is a UW student and after deciding to visit him he took us here to eat. We ordered the brisket, rib and chicken. The brisket was cut, almost chipped with a tangy/sweet sauce with a little bit of a bite at the end and little bits of onions that were chewy/crunchy. I asked the person taking my order about his recommendations for sides. He said-definitely the fries and the baked beans. The baked beans were delicious! Also sweet with a little kick at the end and then with a little sweetness to it. I just want to take the time right now to say that I hate beans-the consistency of it and the way that they're often overloaded with lard/butter. As mentioned above, yummy and on top of that he said that if I didn't like either of the sides he recommended to let him know and he would get me something else. I tried the ribs which were so soft that it basically came apart in my fingers, the sauce was consistent throughout. My friend placed an order of the 'doughnuts' as he called it but they were sugar fried biscuits. We waited and waited, ordered them to-go and even then they weren't ready. The counter-man, who must have been the manager then asked the unseen Forrest what was going on with the damn sugar fried biscuits and then said he was going to give back the money for the biscuits. That's really an extra step in fixing a slight problem in an otherwise small kink.
1	BBQ Sauce is spectacular.  But the restaurant is horrible -- uncomfortable dining room, prices way too high to be a no-service, order at the counter place, sides are minuscule in tiny cups, and there's no bar, not even beer!  What's BBQ without beer to go with it?  Prices are way over the top for Madison.Stop by for some takeout pulled pork, or buy a bottle of exceptional BBQ sauce and do it yourself at home.
4	Amazing ribs and sauce. The chicken is pretty good, too.Problems are: -Small, relatively unimpressive sides (those mashed potatoes are definitely instant).-They charge you for sharing! Even when my boyfriend and I were ordering take-out a la carte ribs on the phone, they asked him if he would be sharing with anyone so they could tack-on that extra $1.50! What's up with that?-The dine-in experience (like many have already posted) isn't great, since it's so small and there's no beer.All that said, Smoky Jon's has the best ribs in town. Trust me, I've tried every rib spot in Madison.
4	Best BBQ in Madison.  Hands down.  Only loses a star for consistently messing up take-out orders and not being up to par compared to places in the south.
5	Wtf!!! Superb!!!! 1/2 rack w beans and Apple sauce!! In Wisconsin!! No wonder they won all the awards!! Ask for the G.A.D's!! Wish they had this in Cali!
5	Wow. 1. Best beef brisket I've had in my life. 2. Awesome, awesome ribs. I love BBQ and this place is the real deal. When I saw the "no 1" in the name of the restaurant I laughed because that's a tall glass to fill and I was prepared to tear them down on Yelp if it wasn't true, but they blew me and my taste buds away. I could go on, but let me put it this way: Next Monday I'm flying into Madison for work for what will likely be my last trip to WI for a while. My coworkers and I have already agreed that we're driving straight from the airport to get lunch. Now I just need to decide... ribs or brisket?(Note, I went twice so that I could have both the ribs AND the brisket :) )
3	I had the brisket sandwich, he had the ribs. Brisket was a little fatty, but I loved the bbq sauce. Baked beans were delicious!
1	I take my BBQ seriously and because of that I researched on-line via Yelp and other sites various reviews of BBQ places in Madison, finally deciding on Smoky Jon's No 1 B-B-Q.  Clearly the ribs have been highly reviewed so I actually went for the full slab.  Then it was a choice between the chopped pork sandwich and the brisket sandwich, I went for the pork sandwich from my fond memories of the same in Alabama.  Ordering over the phone, everything seemed to go well.  I then arrived about a half hour later.  There was 1 person in front of me who paid and was getting ready to leave when they brought my order to the counter and it was clearly wrong.  They had given my order to the man before me and I had his.  Apparently we both had the same first name.  Now this I was not perturbed by and was okay with, it was what followed that made me give this place 1 star.  So the counter lady tells me she'll take care of me first before resolving his issue, great!  So she charges my card for 64.66 which was clearly way more than I should have paid for 1 slab dinner and 1 pork sandwich + 1 side of fried dough.  Should have been 1/2 that.  I told her and she couldn't understand what I was talking about, I had to over-explain what I ordered and finally got through to her.  She took the bag back to the kitchen area saying some guy would have to deal with fixing this problem.  Now I was getting irritated.  She refunds me around 32 bucks in cash to make up for the overcharge.  I get a new bag of food and am finally done with the transaction, took about 15 mins to resolve.  Fine, I was happy in knowing I had a great dinner to enjoy soon.So I come back and begin with the ribs, 1/2 a slab.  From the first taste I was not impressed.  I've had better ribs all over the country from Los Angeles to Alabama to Texas and Chicago.  Seriously?  This place has won all kinds of awards, I don't get it.  Almost every other place I've eaten ribs in my 40+ years of life has been better than this place.  The "sugar-fried" biscuits are nothing with nothing, you can get better donuts nearly anywhere, seriously (again).  The fries dipped in the BBQ sauce were the best part by far.  The corn was pretty good too, but still a little over the top on the taste, hard to describe.  So after being disappointed, I checked out the pork sandwich, and oddly enough there were 3 small containers with the sandwich, and somehow it didn't look like pork either.  I examined further, it was chicken, yet another screw-up with my order, wow!  And I ordered fries and mashed potatoes, neither of which was included.  Instead I found off-the-shelf beans, apple sauce (why?) which is not homemade, just spooned out of the jar, and the third container was BBQ sauce, which I didn't need since I bought a whole bottle.  So the other part of my order was completely wrong in every respect.  And note, the chicken was not anything to write home about either.  I drove to the other side of Madison, which was a fairly pleasant 1/2 hour drive, paid around 33 bucks for a very disappointing experience.I strongly recommend NOT going to this place, unless you like to take risks, maybe you'll like what you find, I know that if this is the best in Madison, I'll have to go elsewhere in the world to find good BBQ.Oh well...
4	Great BBQ!It's a little out of the way, but worth the journey if you're looking for decent BBQ.I don't remember seeing any highchairs.  We ended up bringing in our stroller for our daughter to sit in.While you have to order your food at the counter, there is a wait staff that will bring your food to you and refill your drinks.No alcoholic beverages... (that's why 4 stars).
5	Love the sauce, corn, fries, everything I've tried!
4	Finally got to Smoky Jon's for the first time yesterday. The brisket sandwich was delicious and I am pretty sure I would eat a flip-flop if it was drenched in their BBQ sauce.Looking forward to going back for the ribs and chopped pork.
3	Ribs were good, but sauce was a little too sweet.  Review was so close to 4 stars but the corn was cooked in margarine. Really?  Margarine?  C'mon you're in Wisconsin.
5	We tried to go to this place on a Monday; oops, not open. After 10 months of living in the Madison area, we have found THE RIB PLACE. The ribs are great, so is the brisket, the corn, beans...you get the idea. The restaurant is a little small but the service was amazing. Watching my family eat was almost as good as the food, almost. I highly recommend Smoky Jon's #1 BBQ.
4	1/2 slab and pork shoulder with sugar fried biscuits and garlic mashed potatoes. We need one of these in Philadelphia. The BBQ was so tender and flavorful.  Sides were good but not as amazing as the meat. Will definitely be back to try the brisket before I head back east. The restaurant itself is small and cramped but the food is worth it.
4	Long story short...Pork ribs are amazing. I've had ribs all over the US and the ones here compare favorably with all of them. The meat falls off of the bones and have a smoky flavor. The sauce is also quite tasty with a tinge of spices.The beef brisket and pork shoulder are fairly average.
2	This is pretty good bbq for madison, but that doesn't say that much.I haven't been everywhere in town, but honestly I think Famous Dave's is better.Basically its decent food, but if you've had real bbq somewhere like memphis, kansas city, st. louis, or anywhere south of wisconsin,  you will be disappointed.
4	Well this is a tough one. A few years back, I stopped going to SJ'sbecause I was sick of getting rubbery non tender ribs. In the 90's, you could always count on getting the BEST ribs around, EVERY time. I think that the fact that Jon worked there then made the difference. Since he retired, I dont know what happened exactly? However, recently I stopped in for a shoulder platter, and everything was great, so go figure. The sauce is fantastic, and when done well, this place is something special.
5	Went here with a couple of friends after work one night.  We 'd been looking for a good BBQ place in Madison, and Smoky Jon's was the first place we tried.  Needless to say, we won't be trying any place else!The first thing that struck me was the great atmosphere in the restaurant.  It's a small place, maybe 15 tables total, and there's blues music playing in the background.  We put our order in at the front window and then grabbed a couple of tables.  We grabbed a couple of tables and didn't have to wait very long before our food was brought out.Oh was the food good.  I ordered a 1/3 slab of ribs and the pulled pork sandwich combo platter.  The pork was piled on it's bun in plentiful quantities.  It was pretty good, the pork had good flavor and my only complaint is that it wasn't quite as tender and juicy as some of the homemade stuff I've had.  The ribs, though, were amazing.  The meat was incredibly tender.  More importantly, though, was that there was a lot of meat on each bone.  I'm used to seeing skimpy ribs get served at restaurants where you're left wanting more after a full rack.  Here, in just 4 bones I found I was very full.  Smoky Jon's sauce was a great compliment to the meat as well.  Good full flavor with a nice little kick at the end.The sides were equally excellent.  The baked beans are a must, and I saved mine for the end so that's the flavor I would leave with.  I also had the sugar fried biscuits that were pretty good too.The highlight of the meal, though, was something one of my friends had ordered.  The restaurant also had chili available (which may just be a seasonal item).  It was served with a fork rather than a spoon, and with good reason.  I've never seen chili that was that thick and meaty.  I was able to get a taste of it and was floored by how great the flavors were.  It was so good that I almost went back up to order some chili to go for the next day.Smoky Jon's is a must for BBQ fans in Madison.  The prices are good, the food is delicious, and the atmosphere is perfect.  We will be going back sooner rather than later.
4	It gets 4 stars for being great BBQ AND being this far in Yankee country.  I'd probably rate it at 3.5 stars if I could so that my scores relative to this one would make more sense overall.  But I digress....I ordered the ribs and a brisket sandwich with the spicy corn and the baked beans for dinner about two weeks ago.The verdicts:Ribs = VERY well done.  Tender, pull-off-the-bone and delicious.  The sauce is where you get the refinement too (beyond the smoking process of course, which is an art in itself).  There are a lot of flavors going on in the sauce and it's not overdone in terms of application.  I've eaten BBQ everywhere and this place's ribs stand up with anyone's.Brisket Sandwich = Boring.  I was told what I was ordering, so kudos to the service because they were dead on.  It was less of a sandwich and more of brisket on a plain roll.  That's fine of course, but for some reason I feel like sandwich doesn't describe this well.  It does remind me of the bare minimum approach you find in many BBQ joints around, but I don't like it there either.  Anyway, the brisket was very tasty and you should just order it on its own.  No point in getting a piece of bread that just hides the taste of good BBQ.Spicy Corn = Awesome.  Truly delicious stuff, and I plowed through it in 30 seconds.  Perfect amount of spice too.  Wish I had a little more in that serving, but it will bring me back...soooo mission accomplished?Baked Beans = Awesome.  I asked if they were made in house, I was told that they were and my palate was rewarded with some of the finest baked beans one can find.  Thick, almost pasty (in a good way) and chock full of flavor.The only downfalls would be that it's somewhat pricey for what you get, but food is going up everywhere.  I also ordered a sandwich combo, which was a mistake.  The service was top notch.  Everything and more was explained to me in detail.  I only have myself to blame for trying that damn sandwich combo.  Please take it off of the menu...your customers are getting punished for ordering it and it takes away from what you do best.The decor is nice and very 'southern' in the sense that this is without a doubt a BBQ place.  I liked looking over all of the trophies and reading the articles and seeing the old pictures.  Very cool stuff.I got mine to go as well, which was quickly brought out to me.  Eating in looks like it would be fun.
5	This is the best BBQ in Madison.  There are no challengers.  Comparing this to Famous Daves is like comparing a Caribou Burger to MacDonalds.  Not to say that MacDonalds/Famous Daves are necessarily BAD, but this is unique, delicious BBQ that wins best in Madison year in and year out for a reason.  The service is generally solid, and having travelled in rural LA a LOT, I can't believe anyone who frequents the southern Miss, Lousiana area to be surprised that a place is closed on Monday.  The pork shoulder sandwich is the #1 item.
5	Great Sauce.  Great baked beans.  Great pork sandwich.
4	Best in Madison.
5	I now know what you get when you pray to baby Jesus... these ribs. SO GOOD!!!!!!!
1	Famous Dave's is so much better!! I use to go here all the time when i was growing up and i loved it, i don't know what happened but there food really went down the drain... the ribs are dry and black on the bottom and the fries have way too much seasoning. I think Jon needs to get back in the kitchen instead of spending all his time at the bar next door.
5	best bbq in madison
5	I've had BBQ in the Carolinas, St. Louis, and San Diego (Phil's), and I can honestly say that Smoky Jon's is the best I've ever had!!  It is a must have anytime you are near Madison.
4	There is a reason this place has won awards for its BBQ. Excellent. Delicious. Great service.
5	I just went here for the first time and wow I can't believe I have overlooked it for so many years!  We tried all the hot items, the beef brisket, pork shoulder, and the ribs. I'd highly recommend all of them. Even if you are eating alone-you deserve it. This is America-Treat yo' self!As a man who loves attending the local barbecues I can say this place is BBQ to the core. If you are serious about barbecue you best get over here. After one visit, I already plan to stop in or get takeout whenever I drive by the airport.Side note: I love Famous Dave's Barbecue, but saying Smoky Jon's is inferior in anyway is laughable. The only reason I will ever again choose Famous Dave's over Smoky Jon's is because I am not in Madison.Secondary note: you can pick up their sauce at Woodman's to put on everything.
4	I love this place! I had them cater my wedding, had the Pig up and Go package delivered and set up. We had BBQ pork, beef, and turkey along with sides. The only complaint I had was the turkey, I had assumed (and I know you should never assume!) it would be fresh, shredded turkey like the the pork and beef, but it was the processed, sliced turkey breast meat chopped up. That set aside, everything was delivered as scheduled, the employee who dropped the food off was very courteous and made sure to give us clear instructions on everything. We also visited here prior to our wedding and I shared the whole rack of ribs with my daughter and my husband had gotten the rotisserie chicken, the helpings were huge, the ribs were thick with meat and we did not leave hungry! Way better than Famous Dave's ribs
5	Some of the best BBQ I have ever had.  Found this place when I was looking for a place to grab dinner on a quick evening flight up from Chicago.  It's super close to the airport and the food is outstanding.
5	The ribs were the best I have ever had. The BBQ sauce is probably the best I have had. And everything is very smokey flavored, which, for me, is a very good thing. I had a chance to also try the chicken (awesome) and brisket (decent, but not amazing). For the sides, I got corn and the French fries. This was surprising for me but the fries were average and the corn was unbelievable. I pretty much assume corn is corn, but not here. Finally, I liked the style of the place. It is a hole in the wall without man tables. I like that and recommend everyone to head there.
5	The ribs, you must try them! My major mistake was getting a 1/3 slab.
3	Very good food, would defiantly go back if i was in the area, not as a destination though.
5	Smoky Jon's is absolutely the best barbeque joint in Madison, bar-none. The ribs are fall-off-the-bone tender and cooked to perfection, but their brisket is a real treat - slightly smokey with a seasoning that compliments their barbeque sauce amazingly.  Their meats are served with your choice of all the classic barbeque joint sides that you would expect - my favorites are the beans and the coleslaw, the latter of which is rich and creamy (not oily and bland like the "Creamy Coleslaw" at Brickhouse).I'm astounded by the reviewers who prefer the likes of  Brickhouse BBQ or Famous Dave's to Smoky Jon's and can only assume that they have never had real Kansas City or Texas barbeque.  If you want authentic barbeque, nothing beats Smoky Jon's.
5	Hands down the BEST BBQ IN MADISON! And yes, it was so good I had to use caps.The ribs are smothered in delicious sauce and fall right off the bone. You can pick your sides. I would recommend the cole slaw and french fries. The cole slaw is nice and creamy. Mashed potatoes are another solid pick. Always get the ribs. You will be disappointed when your friends are gnawing away at their ribs and you have your little pulled pork sammie.The checkered tablecloths and roll of paper towels on each table complete the experience.
4	My girlfriend talked me into giving this place one more chance so I said alright, my experience this time was a huge improvement from the last few times I was there. I had the 1/2 slab of ribs with a double order of fries and my girlfriend had the same but with the fried buns and a single order of fries. The room was full of people when we first walked in, this was somewhat of a worry but my girlfriend made me wait it out since she wanted to eat inside the restaurant. The service was very friendly even though one worker was constantly moving in and out between the dining room and the kitchen. The music and the atmosphere was very enjoyable. My girlfriend was very pleased with the experience and suggested that we come back for a "date night". I was very pleased that this experience was a great one. :)
5	A real gem!  I don't get to Madison often but I am sure that if the next trip is near a meal time I know where I'll stop, Smoky Jon's. Recently our party of three each had a different entree, one that the host suggested after learning we were newby's. He guaranteed that we would love our choices and we all did.The BBQ pork sandwich was generous, the pork was extremely tender, cooked just right (not dried out or raw) had a smokey tang that makes it so special. The ribs were cooked to perfection and tender meat nearly fell off each bone.Their sauce is mild and OK but I was surprised by the limited choices in that area.They offer several sides and the ones we sampled were all above par. The place is adorned with "Best Of" plaques and I can see why.
4	My husband and I tried Smoky's for the first time a few weeks ago after checking out the new Ale Asylum location. I used to live in an apartment complex not far from Smoky's and always meant to try it and never did. I can't believe it took me this long! It was awesome. I've traveled in the south a bit so I think I can tell good bbq  when I taste it (even though I'm a Wisconsin native) and this was the real deal. I had the pork dinner (not sure if that's how it's listed on the menu) which included their pork shoulder and ribs along with 2 sides (I had the corn and beans). It was A LOT of food. Next time I'll stick to either just ribs or just a pork sandwich. My husband had ribs and beef brisquet. He couldn't stop raving. The restaurant is small and was full when we showed up shortly before closing time. A table opened up quickly though. They started mopping up as we were eating (which the staff had graciously "warned" us about) but it didn't take away from the delicious food. Hopefully it doesn't take as long as at did for my first visit to get there a second time.
5	Restaurant ReviewOff the beaten path in Madison. I had looked up this place before on tripadvisor and was not disappointed. The restaurant itself is super small and the parking in front is rather limited (I had to drive around the block twice and realized that there was no parking in the back). Built as best BBQ in madison I was not disappointed. Fall of the bone tender ribs along with two sides was the meal I had. Get the sugar fried biscuits and you won't be disappointed. This place could be on diner and drives and I am glad I found it one my own! Also prices are super reasonable. No wonder why they won so many awards for there food. Best bbq sauce period.Pro- Inexpensive, delicious bbq, hidden gemCon- Small seating area, small parking, closes at 8:30 PMHidden deal- Order the combo to get the best bang for your buck
4	RIBS RIBS RIBS! I like me some niceeee slab of ribs, drizzled in a tangy, but slightly sweet BBQ sauce. Smoky Jon's definitely delivered!! They held  true to their many awards (nicely displayed next to their register) and I was more than content once I finished eating.The ribs themselves were just ordinary- pretty juicy, but nothing to blow my mind. What I found amazing was the sauce and the sides!!! The corn was deliciousss, especially all dressed up in their special seasoning. The garlic mashed potatoes tasted just like the ones I usually make at home, which are pretttty darn amazing- if I should say so myself.One downfall was that there is a $4.00 plate splitting fee (BOOOOO!). I really wanted to try the 1/2 slab + sandwich + sides combo (only like 2 bucks more than just 1/2 slab) but I knew I couldn't finish it by myself... and it just wouldnt be worth it to pay $4.00 more to share it with a friend. Hmm... or maybe, next time don't be as dumb as me and say out loud you want to share.... sneakily share it at the table!!Anyways, Smoky Jon's was a great farewell from Madison meal for me, leaving me nice and full, the perfect prep for a long flight back to Los Angeles. I'd give it a solid 4 stars.
5	Tucked away on the north side of Madison. I've driven past it thousands of times but went there yesterday on a recommendation from a friend of mine who knows his BBQ. Soooooo gooooooood. I had the pork shoulder sandwich. The baked beans were pure flavor country. I wish everything I ate from here on out could be drizzled in that BBQ sauce. Service was pretty quick and the prices were not bad either. I'll be coming back again.
5	My awesome partner Chuck brought me takeout the other night. Delicious. We had some ribs and pulled pork sandwiches. Love the BBQ sauce. Potato salad was awesome also! Wish we had some good BBQ in Illinois!
5	First things first: the house BBQ sauce is fabulous. I love that it isn't just the regular brown house made goop that most BBQ joints serve. You can actually see and taste all the different spices/herbs!! Like I said, fabulous. I went with the smoked chopped pork shoulder sandwich platter and two sides: the potato salad and the corn. If you (like me) choose to order the corn to ease your conscience (after all, it is a vegetable, right?)...do not be fooled. The corn is puuuure buttery goodness. The potato salad is also delicious! Truly, the perfect complement to the sandwich. Creamy, no skin, no dill, just the way I like my potato salads. :9At $8.45, the sandwich platters are very reasonably priced for the quantity of food you get. The takeout service is super quick as well - I think I got my food within 2-3 minutes of placing my order. Otherwise, Smoky Jon's seems like a fun place to dine in as well (lots of exposed wooden paneling and checkered tablecloths). You'll probably want to limit your party to a group of 4 or less though, the seating is limited!Yelp recommendations for what to order as a first-timer to Smoky Jon's are on point. I can't wait to be back to try the ribs!!Tip: their parking lot is tiny and shared with the bar next door, so don't expect to find any open spaces around lunch or dinner time. You'll have better luck parking on one of the residential streets behind the joint.
3	I was very excited as I entered and saw all the plaques and trophies. I ordered the ribs and brisket expecting I'd order again. I was somewhat disappointed after my first bite. The sauce was a bit too sweet and the meat kinda dry. I was hoping this is going to be my barbecue place in Madison but I guess I have to keep on looking.
3	This is gonna be a difficult review to write and I don't want anyone to take it the wrong way.  Smoky Jons is good.  I mean, it's smoked, slow-cooked, sauce-covered, deliciously unctuous dead pig.  By nature, it's delicious and awesome and good for your soul.But all barbecue is good.  Good barbecue is great.  Smoky Jons is...Good.I'm in Madison a few times a week for work and we've driven by this place a hundred times and every time said "We should stop in here".  We finally did yesterday.The interior is nice, an order counter, a few tables, and a log-cabin'esque interior.  An okay place to eat lunch.  The menu is pretty expansive, with a good selection of sandwiches, platters, combos, sausages, sides, desserts, etc.  Whatever you like, meat-wise, you can find it here.After perusing the menu, I decided on the chopped pork shoulder dinner plate.  I should say my family is from Tennessee and I grew up on chopped pork.  I grew up eating at shady back-country Tennessee BBQ places with dirt floors and plank counters and a weathered old man in the back basting a pig.  Barbecue is in my blood.Smoky Jons was not up to par.  The meat was delicious, but not smoky at all.  You literally could not taste the pit, or the smoke, or the fire.  The sauce was good too, but soooo sweet.  I guess I grew up on a vinegar sauce and I realize that sauce is an intensely regional thing, but this was not what I enjoyed.The sides were excellent.  Coleslaw is great.  Beans are perfect.  Sugar biscuits are delish.Honestly, this is the best BBQ I've had in Madison.  But I've had better at several places in Milwaukee.  And I've had better at countless places in the south.I know Smokey Jon's is apparently world-renowned for their BBQ so you should probably try it yourself, and honestly I'll probably go back again.My favorite though?  No.A-OK?  Yes, certainly.
2	Was driving by Madison and thought we'd get some BBQ.  I had the spicy chicken, which was just a chicken breast on a bun, with sauce on the side.  That was it, not even a big chicken breast? My wife had the turkey sandwich, which didn't appear to be anything special either.  It looked like it was from a grocery store.Kids liked the burger and brats.What I didn't like was the prices, sandwich platters were $8.45 each and drinks were $1.99 each.  Wasted my money on these as they don't give you a drink you can take with you and it's a plastic cup.  What I did like was the sides, except for the one order of fried biscuit, which was raw in the middle.  Threw them out.Last, I've never been to a BBQ place with no sauces on the table and only one served with the order.  I liked the sauce, but with all of the awards on the wall, they should offer a few options. Should have gotten the pulled pork.
4	I had to make sure I didn't leave any sauce on my fingers prior to typing this. Wait, did I? Nope, clean. Most likely because I licked them clean from the baller sauce that is on this BBQ. The sauce has a great consistency to it and it clings nicely to the meat. I went with the sig-other and between the two of us, we had the pork shoulder sandwich,  brisket, and ribs. I think we both went with fries and the Cole-slaw for our sides. They were fine. Sides are sides. I realllllllly wish there would have been corn bread. Something doesn't right within me if there is no corn bread to accompany BBQ. I was sad when I found out there was no cornbread.But then I was happy again the moment I was able to put that delicious pig in my mouth. The ribs were ribs. The brisket and the pork shoulder was where it was at for me, but really, I think you can slap that sauce on cardboard and it would be delicious.I'm a west-sider so coming out here is a haul. A worth while haul. Be prepared to wait though; the dining room is small.  They did get out food out to us really quickly, but if we would have come 15 minutes later we would have had to wait in a long line to place our order, and then would have had no where to sit. Oh, and if I wasn't such a bottomless pit, there would have been plenty of leftovers as the portions are plentiful. I definitely did not leave hungry.
5	Delicious BBQ from friendly, saucy folk. The brisket was as good as any I've had in Texas and the sauce was sweet, spicy and with a little heat. They also offer a number of tempting sides (you get 2 with most everything on the menu) including a great corn, skin on fries, coleslaw, beans and deep fried biscuits that look and taste like the beignets from New Orleans.  Parking is limited so you may need to park a block away in the neighborhood and just walk over the restaurant.Located near the Oscar Mayer factory on Packer road.  Definitely worth a visit.  We will definitely be back when we head back to Madison in the fall.
5	When thinking BBQ you do not think of Madison,WI.  This is the one exception to that rule.  The food here is by hands down the best BBQ in Southern Wisconsin, there is nothing on the menu that you can go wrong with.  What is even better the award winning sauce does not mask or cover bad meat but creates an even better experience.  Seating is limited and parking is even more so, you can park on the side road (Manley St)  off of Packers Ave.
3	I've eaten at Smoky Jon's a couple of times over the last few years. Their BBQ sauce is fantastic, their chili is great (when in season), and their beans are delicious.Unfortunately I find their meat to be kind of bland, if very tender -- this has been consistent across all of my visits, trying ribs, brisket, and pulled pork. Policies regarding customers can be strange. On our latest visit, my girlfriend and I were going to be charged a $4 plate splitting fee for sharing a meal at lunch... There was no combination of additional sides that would abate this fee, only the purchase of a second full meal. We opted for take-out.
2	ok food but most of it is frozen or canned and the ribs gave me the shits.
1	I gave myself an hour to eat dining in before I have to catch a plane. I ordered. I waited 45 minutes. It seemed busy and I was stupid enough to keep waiting even though I see the guy who ordered before me get his and leave 20 minutes in. I didn't have anymore time and asked them to check my order. Nope, the ticket was lost.I was so hungry and so sad that I couldn't get any ribs. In the state of chaos that the kitchen and staff was in, there was no way they were gonna rush the order out in time even for to-go. I had to get a refund and speed to the airport. For what it's worth I don't think the 1 woman on wait staff was to blame. The owner really threw her under the bus by understaffing on a busy night. There's so many people, so many orders. There was another girl just taking orders. Just standing and waiting, while the other woman ran back and forth with bags and bags of food. What kind of restaurant is this? It's such a weird sight in a restaurant: one girl running another girl standing.  But at least I know she put my ticket into the kitchen. Someone fucked up in the kitchen; someone threw away my ticket. I will not be coming back and will not be sending any friends and family here either. For all the awards the place gets and all its years of being in business, I wish it just wasn't so amateur at being a restaurant.
4	My precious little brother has been going on about Smoky Jon's for some time now and we finally made a trip that allowed us to head on into this fabulous establishment!  I couldn't quite decide what I wanted so I went with my usual BBQ joint pick - pork sandwich!  I opted for the potato salad and beans on the side.  My entire plate of food was delicious and I'd absolutely come back again.  The only thing I didn't love was my husbands chopped beef sandwich - but, lucky for me, I went with my ol' bbq joint standby ;)
5	For Madison, this BBQ is pretty spectacular. Anywhere else and I'd give it 4 stars but, considering the location, it's damn good and deserving of 5 stars.The food's good, the staff is friendly, and (for freshly-made BBQ) the service is usually quick.
5	So...this is the kind of food that will kill you. So there's that. But that being said, this is the best way I can think of to take in food with absolutely no nutritional value. The ribs are sweet sticky tender meat bars. The sides are sweet sticky flavor bombs of flavor. The rolls are airy buttery balls of carbohydrates. You should get extra napkins.I think this place is best for carryout. You can sit and eat - there are a handful of tables, but then there are also bullet holes in the windows. Since it's Madison, I'm assuming someone put them there for show, but definitely with a real gun, so anyway I'd rather eat at home.Also, if you've been doing the House of Cards thing and want that BBQ experience but you don't live in the south, this is the closest you are going to get. So, check it out Madison, it's a little bit different but that doesn't mean it isn't fabulous!
4	Delicious BBQ, especially for a place in WI. This place is known for its ribs, and it deserves the praise it gets for them. There are some other hits, and some less than stellar items on the menu. We got the half slab and jumbo 1/2 chicken dinner to share, which was huge! Big portions, but the chicken was really dry. The ribs were amazing. We also ordered some beef brisket, which is a much smaller portion than the ribs and chicken. If you're not a fan of fatty brisket (like me) than you'll be quite happy with their brisket. No awkward moments of biting into a string of fat and trying to spit it out in front of your date. The sides, overall, could be better. But lets be honest, you're not here for the sides. If you don't want to order any sides you'll save about a buck, but it's worth it to venture out and try them. The baked beans were iffy. I heard a lot of good things about them via Yelp, but ours were grey-ish and tasted off. The potato salad is definitely full fat and more mayo based. It's a nice and cool way to offset the kick of BBQ. The french fries are more run-of-the-mill than anything else here. We also tried the fried biscuits after seeing so many people rave about them. Maybe I had too high of expectations? They were good, they tasted a bit like carnival food, but they didn't garner a "Oh my, I'd eat these every day if I could" opinion like the ribs did.The sauce here is unlike any other BBQ sauce I've ever had. It's a bit chunky and sweeter than usual but has a nice kick at the end. Definitely go for the ribs. The brisket is good. Chicken could be better. The sides are hit or miss. We got take-out since the seating is limited. It's also pretty loud there, lots of people talking and loud music. I'd definitely recommend this place!
5	Great BBQ! Excellent customer service. Place is really busy at lunch time so prepare to stand in line.
5	Hands down the best BBQ in the world.   If you miss this joint, you have missed Madison's best kept secret.   Think about it, the #1 BBQ just about every year in the national championship isn't in TX, or NC, or MO, it is right on Packers Ave!
5	Awesome BBQ! Great price for great food! Best in Madison. I highly recommend the garlic mashed potatoes and sugar fried biscuits! I got the pulled pork and loved the sauce. Sauce was slightly sweet with a great balance of hers and spices. Service was LIGHTNING fast and extremely friendly. I wish we ha this kind of place down in Chicago!
5	Thumbs up to an 8.95 sandwich platter that includes two sides and fills me up like no other. Seriously. The amount of food. The quality. That sauce! Go grab yourself a brisket sammie with corn and fries. You'll thank me tomorrow.
5	The ribs are the best BBQ in Madison by far and have never disappointed in many visits. The rest of the menu is inconsequential -- trust me, just get the ribs.
3	Very quaint little place.  Seats 24 people inside so if you're having a party, it's best to get it to go.  I had the 1/2 rack of Ribs platter which came with Garlic Mashed Potatoes and a side salad.  The platter was served with a roll as well.  The size of the side salad was great and it even had different lettuce types and carrot matchsticks.  The Garlic Mashed was very tasty but there wasn't a lot - perhaps a small ice cream scoop (like, tiny child size).  That's great for portion control!  The ribs were very tender and the sauce was a sweet, fruity vinegary Barbeque.  I found it overwhelming with a small bite but then as I noshed on, it was very good.  My husband got the 1/2 chicken and it was fantastic!  The chicken was moist there was a touch of char and the sauce was quite elegant with the meat.  The creamy coleslaw was quite tasty, in fact, if you're a person who loved your mom's creamy coleslaw from the 1960's (it was actually based off a Miracle Whip recipe) then this is the one for you.  Next time I return, I'm trying a sandwich, with cole slaw and the biscuits ("tastes like a funnel cake" says the server).  NOTE: If you share a plate there is a $4 surcharge.
4	Checked this out based on the reviews.  Good selection, a little bit more pricey than some others.  Very good ribs.  Served with a lot of sauce which I wiped off a bit to find the ribs with a pleasantly smoky taste. Very tender.  Service was mediocre, waitress wasn't exactly rude but wasn't very friendly either.  Not sure about the neighborhood, I haven't had to show an id to use a credit card in this area before.  I'd go 5 star but for the service, but maybe I hit them on a bad day.
5	This was our first time trying Smokey Jons.  It is a new favorite for sure.  The space was small but cozy, and the food definitely deserves best in Madison (or the universe).  Patanne (the lovely lady who took our order) was friendly and made us feel right at home.  We will be back.
5	Best BBQ in Madison! Ribs are amazing, and the fried sweet rolls melt in your mouth. They basically the best beignets I have ever had. I stop here almost every time on my way to the airport.
5	WwoOOW!  It is really that good here!  If u don't stop u are missing out BIG TIME!  Great food!
2	I had lunch at Smoky Jon's on my first day in Madison.  I had seen stellar reviews, claiming it was the best BBQ in Madison.  Unfortunately, I was disappointed.I ordered the brisket sandwich meal with fries and a side salad.  The fries were the best thing on the plate (maybe it's because I don't have fries very often), but these fries were just okay.  The salad was just bagged romaine lettuce with dressing in a packet.  I know that brisket can be a little fatty, but my brisket was almost as much fat as meat.  The brisket had soaked through the bottom side of my bun, so I ate it - or half of it - with a fork.I assume Smoky Jon's had an off-day when I was there because they really get great user reviews.
4	Four stars for the normal quality. Last night though got take out and the order was wrong - too far to drive back. The pork and the ribs were WAY over cooked - or better said kept hot way too long. The pork was mushy and the ribs dry and hard. I know waste in the restaurant biz is a killer but I have heard this from a couple of people now and am hoping you get back to your usual quality control. The chicken though was as perfect as ever. Don't let the quality slip!
4	I've lived in Madison for almost 3 years and have stupidly spent most of that time heading to Brickhouse BBQ whenever the porky craving strikes. No longer! This place is the real deal.I can't speak to the entire menu because I order the same thing every time I'm there: pulled pork sandwich, garlic mashed potatoes, biscuits. The mashed potatoes are stupid good, like, eyes-roll-in-the-back-of-your-head-with-the-first-bite good. They give you a little cup, which is good for me because I could eat a whole barrel of the stuff. BBQ sauce has a bit of a kick, but isn't unbearably spicy. On my last visit, I saw they added mac and cheese to the menu (uuhhhhhh yummmm) but I don't know if I can bear to part with one of my other sides to try it. I'll just have to make my boyfriend order double biscuits instead.
4	Awesome!! Can't believe i drove by it a million times and never went. Best ribs!!
5	The best!  They have been around a long time and have thrived when other rib places come and go. I make the long trip across town when I need a half-slab.
5	Ever since moving out to Milwaukee I've had a craving for this place. I wish I could get back to Madison a little bit more often just to make another trip to Smoky Jon's.Walking in it's clear what your in for. Jon has rib credentials! The walls are covered in awards and certificates the guy has won. Best sauce, best ribs,  best this, best that. You don't get the awards this place has without knowing what you're doing.I almost always get the ribs (because how can you not?). The sauce has just enough heat to really compliment the ribs. I've tried a few of the sandwiches, but I always end up coming back to the ribs because that's where this place really shines. The sides are also very good. The potato salad and coleslaw are my favorites. I'm also big fan of the BBQ Baked Beans. The french fries are good enough if you get takeout from Smoky's (just because they travel a bit better than something like cole slaw), but with so much other great stuff to try you are really ripping yourself off if you stick to them.This is definitely one of my favorite places in Madtown.
4	This has been on my radar for a while. See the pictures. First off this is important, when you walk in you smell smoke so I knew it was going to be good. Very woody and tons of awards and plaques etc. Thy were not as smokey as I wanted and boldly came sauced. They were fall off the bone and had that pink smoke ring on the inside. I had the half rack with beans and potato salad. The ribs were pretty good and I really liked the sauce and bought a bottle. The beans were nothing special and the potato salad was average. The beans would be great if they were smoked and hade little bits of meat in them. Sides are usually not the star and this was the case. The ribs are worth going for, my friends said this was there new BBQ place for them and they will be black. One person said the brisket sandwich was really good. Over all this is a solid BBQ rib place. Two thumbs up
5	When I only ordered sandwiches I was doing it all wrong. The way to go is to get a half chicken and the 1/3 slab combo with brisket. Insane amount of food? Yes. Worth getting to try all the best parts of the menu? Yes!
4	Great rub on the ribs. Little to spicy sauce but, it was tasty. Mac 'n cheese is ok. Pork and brisket sandwichs are AWESOME. Definitely coming back!!!
5	This place makes me miss when I used to live down in Georgia...but only for the phenomenal BBQ. Seriously though, I haven't found a place with authentic Southern BBQ this north of the Mason-Dixie Line...until NOW!For lunch, try the sandwich platter. There's a serious amount of food and it will fill you up. Not enough you say? Ok, then go for the half-chicken with the brisket. It's enough to fill up half the Confederate army! The sauces are full of flavor and delicious!It may look like a hole-in-the-wall but it has 5-star food!
2	Well, I read the reviews and thought this would be impressive. Nothing could be farther from the truth! The dude at the counter appeared annoyed that we interrupted him yesterday, the portions on the beans and potato salad were miniscule (I was unaware that you could even serve beans and potato salad in a cup designed for condiments, but lo and behold, here it was--- 3 bites later and both were history). We had the pulled pork sandwiches, and I make better at home. The bbq sauce was good, but that was about it. We don't plan on coming back ever, especially not for $23.00 for 2 people... But, we did fill up on gelato at the mall about 20 minutes later as we were still hungry when we left. I'm wondering where in the heck the other folks on here ate, because this wasn't at all the same experience they had.
4	A few of us hit Smoky Jon's for lunch today.  It was insisted that it's the best BBQ in Madison, so I was game to try it.The place has character - you order at a window and go take a seat.  They bring the food out to you.  Nothing fancy - paper plates, styrofoam cups, etc.I got a chopped smoked pork sandwich with coleslaw and french fries.  I snarfed a fry to start.  Not very hot... "warm", I'd say. But tasty - salty.  Could have been better if fresh, but they'll do.  The coleslaw was the creamiest I've ever had.  The flavor wasn't strong, but it was okay.  Could have used a little salt and pepper - neither to be found.  The pork was tasty - definitely smokey.  The side of sauce made it, however.  Sweet, tangy, spicy.  While I was eating it, I thought "yeah, it's okay - but I wouldn't rave about it".  Later, however, thinking back on the meal, I thought, "you know, that was REALLY good!"While it doesn't best the BBQ I've had in Memphis, it certainly cuts itself from the same cloth. I'd have it again.  I think my meal was around $9 (no drink - had a water).  I was full, and content.  Mission accomplished!My coworker had some ribs, and they looked very good - not too fatty, cooked well.  I would like to go back and try them sometime!Tip:  Limited seating, so show up early (or late!)
4	After surviving my first tornado scare in Madison, Wisconsin, my partner in crime, Daniel L. and I ventured out to this well known local BBQ hangout for some good old smoky ribs and all the fixings.With the Midwest reputation of having some of the finest meats, it was a no brainer to order the 1/3 slab BBQ smoked ribs and pork shoulder sandwich combination dinner ($14.75). The staff mentioned the pork shoulder and the beef brisket were the top sellers besides the ribs.The pork shoulder was pigilicious! The shredded meat was perfectly seasoned with the rub and then hickory smoked which gave its own taste without the addition of the BBQ sauce. It also impressed me because there were was no sign of grease on the pork. The bun was a standard bread bun compared to the sweet roll which accompanied the dinner combination. We took the recommendation of the staff and ordered the extra meat (additional 5 ounces for $3) since were feeling extra carnivorous! The BBQ pork ribs came with five succulent ribs with the meat just waiting to fall off the bone. Each bite had a generous coating of their famous award winning BBQ sauce. Our dinner combination came with two choices of side orders which we picked the baked beans and cole slaw. Both were served in a small styrofoam cups along with the BBQ sauce. It's easy to see why the BBQ sauce won numerous award because of it's rich, sweet and peppery flavor. I'm not a fan of cole slaw but this one exceed my expectations with its creaminess and was extra cold. The baked beans maintained a firm texture and should be ordered with any meal because the sauce was so addictive.The cabin style interior holds 11 tables and is very close to the Madison airport. The actual BBQ pit is located a few miles away from the restaurant. So grab your dental floss and wet naps and eat some authentic BBQ at Smoky Jon's!
4	This was the second time I've eaten here.  The first time was a few years ago and I had the brisket and ribs.  The ribs were really good and the brisket was decent.  It was the flat and was cut thin, probably because it was a touch dry.  It had a good flavor though.The second time was this month (July 2014) and I got the brisket platter with two sides.  The baked beans were decent.  Nothing special, but tasted fine.  The Mac-n-cheese was pretty good.  There was a lot of cheese sauce in relation to macaroni.  I like a little crunch to my mac and cheese, but this was thick and creamy, which is OK.  The brisket was great.  It wasn't cut paper thin, had a nice smoke ring and was easily pulled apart with fingers.  In other words it was tender and not dry at all.  Much better than the first time I visited.  My only complaint would be they put sauce on the brisket.  I prefer sauce on the side because good barbeque doesn't need sauce and this brisket didn't need sauce.
4	Jon's place is good quality BBQ and I can see why it gets the following, but I would agree with a few that have said it's not the best they have had.  I how ever can see why many have said it's great.  Madison lacks good BBQ so it was refreshing to see a place putting out nice Ribs, Brisket, Sausage and Chicken. I especially liked the ribs, but found the sauce a little spicy for the Brisket.  I'd like to try a sweeter sauce on the Brisket sandwich, but their original sauce pairs perfectly with the ribs.  I had three meats and all were perfectly cooked.  Part of my giving 4 stars for the size of there sides which are served in condiment cups.  Jon, please admit your side cups are small....please.  I will be back very soon for the Ribs ...see you soon.
5	Stopped in for the first time today, couldn't be more happy with the experience. Ribs were excellent,  service was great and very attentive.  Highly recommend Smoky Jon's and will be visiting again soon.
1	Really bad service worst attitude i've seen. the two girls at the counter should learn how to smile. Ribs where really bad totally overcooked and the sauce was really sweetMaybe this place is good for Madison Wisconsin but it's not good for people that travels far to eat good barbecue. Even though the sauce is really bad if you want the hot sauce, that will set you back another five dollars since they don't have it for the restaurant you need to buy the whole jar. Beware they serve Pepsi not Cocacola Not worth it
5	My BBQ crave kicked in and I decided to try Smoky Jon's out. It was a Saturday evening around 6-7 o'clock; the whole parking lot was empty. We walked inside the restaurant; whole restaurant was empty. I didn't know what to think but we took our chances and ordered. My friend and I went with the 2 1/3 slab ribs, one pulled pork sandwich, one beef brisket sandwich, corn, and beans. All this totaled out to $31 dollars; not bad at all. We sat down and immediately 10 people walked in, all ordering for carry out. There were no worries at this point, I knew the food had to be good. The food came promptly and at first sight it seemed like it wasn't much.After 20 minutes of hardcore eating I downed my last bite of corn. My stomach was full to the point where I couldn't move; the food was delicious. Ribs - Fell right off the bonePulled pork & Beef brisket sandwich - Delicious BBQ Sauce on the side - Words can't describe how heavenly it tasted Smoky Jon's was so good the first time, we ordered carry out the second day. Smoky Jon's 2x in less than 24 hours; not a single bit of guilt. Overall, Smoky Jon's was great, possibly the best BBQ ever. I will for sure stop by every time I'm in Madison.
5	Best QUE in Mad-Town!  Great food, great service, great atmosphere. Get there a little early for lunch because the dining area is small.
5	I was visiting Madison for the Ironman tournament, and had to check out Smoky Jon's. I loved the the ribs! The ribs were flavorful, fall off the bone goodness. The sides were just ok, but that's ok because I came for the ribs. I wish I could be regular Smoky Jon's customer, instead of back in Los Angeles with a hungry memory.
5	After a nice shopping day at the East Towne Mall my boyfriend and I had to satisfy our craving for bbq and I am so glad we found this cute, aromatic place that really made us drool once we open the door...Between our hunger and the so many good choices they have it was hard to decide what we wanted to order, but we finally ended up having a half slab of ribs, a brisket sandwich and for the sides, cole slaw, baked beans, corn and fries.Let me tell you....every first bite was like mmmmm....mmmmmmmm.....mmmmmmm, we loved everything, the ribs were tender with the right amount of sauce on top (a glorious tangy sweet marriage between my palate and that sauce), The brisket was really good with a little bit of fat  ;) the slaw was creamy and mildly sweet, the corn had a smoky garlicky flavor I enjoyed a lot, the beans were also smoky, sweet and to my surprise they had a nice kick of spiciness (but not too spicy), the fries were ok.  The only thing I didn't like too much was the bread for the sandwich, it was soft but a little bit dry, I think a more moistured bread would be better. However; that is a minor thing, that would not stop me from coming back again, I used to live in Austin, Texas and this place reminded me of those bbq places I miss, thank God I would not miss them too much anymore ;)
5	Just hellllllll yeah!!!This is good, good, good!!!!!!Ribs, briscut, garlic mashed potatoes, onion rings.This meal was fine as frog hair!!!!!!!!
1	EDIT - REPLY TO SMOKY JON - ORIGINAL REVIEW BELOWHi Jon,This is the same canned reply you leave for all of your negative reviews (yep, read them all), and it shows the same cavalier attitude as your bbq.... In reading through all of the reviews, the one thing noticed is that the vast majority of positive reviews are unable to compare to bbq eaten in the known meccas of this country, while the negative reviews have many comparisons to KC, Texas, S Carolina, etc, etc.....  you know, the people that have been around and actually do KNOW what it is they are APPRECIATING.Knowing that you HAVE won numerous awards in these very places, you would think that you wouldn't fall back on the review rating of those that don't know any better. No slam, I didn't know bbq from bratwurst until I started traveling either, but maybe it would be best to show WI what good bbq is, and not high-five yourself for being better than burgers and brats off the old Weber.... as my review stated, your place does have the potential to do that.So, while respecting your opinion as well, I still must disagree with you, and have offered all of the actual reasons for doing so. In the end, it's your business, run it how you will - just don't point at awards for sauces you don't offer, years of experience when it's not you at the pit, and a canned reply to those of us that know bbq stating we must not know how to appreciate it..... Also - my original review had everything in it regarding how to raise your food up to my, and many others, standards. Fix those issues, and I'll give it another shot. Best Regards,CalebHi Caleb,Thanks for your feedback, I respect your opinion but I must disagree with you. As you can see on the other reviews and by the awards we have won, our BBQ has great quality and taste. Also, we've been on the market for over 25 years, which makes us a great BBQ tradition for those who know how to appreciate it. Please contact me next time you visit us and we'll make sure our food is up to your standards.Best,Jon Olson ORIGINAL REVIEWI'm not sure why this place has 4 stars - was some of the worst bbq (with potential, will explain after I complain) that I've had. I also get that this IS Wisconsin, and bbq has a whole different meaning than in the bbq meccas around the nation, but damn....Ordered 1/2 rack w 1/2 chicken, 1/3 rack w pork shoulder sandwich, and 1/3 rack w brisket sandwich. Sides of baked beans, mashed potatoes, and mac-n-cheese. So, pretty good variety of what they offer. The bad:- membrane not removed from ribs - trying to eat meat stuck to a huge piece of essentially dried and smoked skin as the bones are pulled apart is pretty gross. Any pitmaster or fan of bbq knows this needs to be removed prior to smoking, any other explanation boils down to plain laziness. Fully half of the meat was stuck to the membrane as it fell off the bones. And a star is lost!- chicken was smoked beyond merely dry - think chicken jerkey. And a star is lost!- both sandwiches were minced meat to the point of being indistinguishable from one another in both taste and appearance. Where are the slices of brisket and juicy chunks/shreds of pork? Not here. And a star is lost!- only one bbq sauce is offered standard, the only other flavor (same sauce, only spicier) has to be ordered separately and at extra cost. Sides were very small (about 2oz) and nothing extraordinary - mac-n-cheese was somehow "flour-ey" with overcooked noodles. Can't imagine what end piece of corn with 5 kernels I would have received had I ordered that. And a star is lost!The "potential":The taste of the ribs was not bad, the chicken as well. I think if the "pitmaster" was given a raise and some training, or given the boot and replaced with someone qualified to run the pit, the food could be brought to par. I also think it's not to much to ask for a wider variety of sauces - where are the sauces that all of the newspaper clippings on the walls referencing Smoky Jon's contest awards at? Quit being cheap with the sides. I like taters, more than 5 bites please!! Hook up the mac with some cheese!! I support small businesses and love bbq, give me a reason to!!The "good":Staff is friendly. Most of the food had good flavor, but fell way short on the prep/handling end. Place was very clean and smelled delicious.
3	Ok I travel all over and eat lots of BBQ! This place is below average at best.... suggestion is for the owner to visit a few BBQ places in other parts of the country and revisit what BBQ is really about. YES! THE BBQ is  quality if you have nothing to compair to. STAFF WAS VERY FRIENDLY! Thank you.
1	Having returned from a BBQ binge in Kansas City a few months ago, we decided we'd get ribs in celebration of the Royals making the playoffs. Then winning the pennant. And then again for Game 7 of the World Series. So we've had Smoky Jon's ribs and pork shoulder three times in three weeks.Here's what's excellent: The pork shoulder and the sauce are fantastic. Right up there with the best there is. Just yummy.Here's what's not: Extremely inconsistent ribs. (I completely agree with another reviewer regarding the membrane... it really ought to be removed, every time.Not doing so is laziness by the pitmaster.)For us, Batch #1 was pretty good -- not KC level, but totally fine. Batch #2 really was KC level... just excellent--tender, juicy ribs, clean bones, very nice. Food heaven. Batch #3 was terrible -- dry meat, thick membrane, difficult to even cut into 3-rib chunks. There's no way what we received could have ever won an award from anyone.So after spending about $165 here in the last three weeks, I can't recommend it. Hey, ribs ain't cheap (and that's fine), but it's hard to justify if the quality isn't even close. I realize there will always be slight variations...that's what makes BBQ great. But the incredible inconsistency here kills it for me.
2	I keep thinking my experience at Smoky Jon's will be better than it ever is. I lived and worked nearby for a number of years, and ate there often. The staff were always incredibly friendly, and even got to know my order after awhile. Their sugar fried biscuits were a must until I had to go gluten-free, and I always enjoyed the corn and mashed potatoes with my pork shoulder.Overshadowing this, though, were the counterproductive idiosyncracies of the business.  I enjoy quirky (and don't see it often enough these days,) but in this case, in the business sense, it confused me.The owner is a bit...eccentric, to say the least.Also, he's famous for his BBQ sauces. There are awards and ribbons all over the restaurant saying so. Fantastic! Why can't I get them on my dinner? There's only ONE sauce available in the restaurant (and it's on the sweeter end of the spectrum.) What about adding a mustard-based sauce? Or something in a spicier Texas-style?Your sauce skills may be excellent, but if you don't allow your restaurant patrons to experience them, you're leaving them with a really narrow excerpt of what you have to offer. TELLING us how wonderful your work is PALES in comparison letting us TASTE it.Even if there were only 2-3 options, that would put a whole 'nother spin on the SJ dining experience!Additionally, the sides are tasty, but TEENY! I know the focus is on the protein, but even simply increasing the portion size by 50% (and keep the 2 sides/entree) would be a good start. Or double+ their size and have 1 side/entree. (The entrees w/sides aren't exactly cheap.)In closing, next time you stop by, on your way in, take a look at the happy, oblivious-looking pig painted on the building, sitting on the globe, munching on a rack of tasty pork ribs. Is he just there for the award-winning sauce, or do you think he knows he's unintentionally advocating porcine cannibalism?
4	This place is great and very authentic. The sauce is so yummy...no wonder they sell bottles of it! I just wish the sides were a bit bigger. I was also expecting cornbread, but they didn't have any. I would have preferred that over the dinner roll. They also don't have beer/wine which would have been nice. Despite these things, I will definitely be coming back!
3	Had I not woken this morning with BBQ on my mind, and had our go-to spot not been closed, it would have been a lot longer before I tried Smoky Jon's.  Both my wife and I pass the small establishment several times a week and continually vow to give it a shot.  This afternoon, with all of the stars seemingly aligned, I finally walked into the heavenly smelling business.  I ordered the Smoked Beef Brisket Jumbo Sandwich Platter (after reading many of the reviews here on Yelp) and my wife opted for the Smoked Chopped Pork Jumbo Sandwich Platter (solely for being a fan of BBQ pork).  I was offered a water while I waited and waited non-too-long for our order.  I must say that I was a little taken-aback by the small seating area for such a renowned and award-winning taste.Back at home we were treated to perfectly seasoned fries and pretty good BBQ sauce.  What did not fair that well with us were the size of the sides and the dry meats.  By ordering the "Jumbo Platter," I was expecting more than a small cup of baked beans and mac & cheese.  If it is simply a matter of cost to provide larger servings, I would suggest to remove "Jumbo" from the menu.  As for the dryness of both the pork and beef, it was not severe but enough to comment on.Long story short, I will continue to frequent another establishment.  However, if I get a hankering for BBQ on Sunday ever again, I'll return and be happy.
5	Wow, this place was fantastic. I didn't know bbq could be this good this far north. Their brisket sandwich was amazing and I'm eager to go back and try something else! A must go to if you have a bbq craving.
2	This place was my favorite BBQ in the past. However, now all menu items are smaller, the prices are higher and the sauce is lower quality. I believe smokey Jon can make an award winning sauce but he's not bringing it here. The sides are always top notch the meat is alright but made to be drenched in BBQ, kind of plain alone. All around too expensive for the portion size and used to be a lot higher quality.
