5	If you are having your kitty's groomed ask for Vince he is great with the cats.  Chichi love him.
5	They are great with big dogs (Newfoundland) !
5	They're super friendly and helpful here. Hard to find (seems that most grooming places are).  It's located on the opposite end of the complex with Craig Discount Mall--not the greatest area but their little corner feels home-y.  I used a $5 off coupon from MoneyMailer, also how I found out about them.  Great work.  My pup and I are happy with their services.
4	I've had a few problems with them before, however every time ((the lead male groomer)) corrects it by apologizing and taking $10 off. They are always friendly an considerate with my dog. The only thing I don't like is waiting for my dog but I'm just impatient. Tl:dr; They are pretty good.
5	My dog is pretty difficult to work with and tends to nip here and there. Vincent was his regular groomer at Groomingdales and we really liked him. He always did an awsome job and the best thing is, my dog liked him. I just found out today that he no longer works there. Does anyone know where he went?  It's going to be so hard to find a new groomer to take on my dog.
1	I brougt my dog here based on a reccomedation from someone at a dog park. Never listen to strangers! They shaved him to the skin and he was a nervous wreck for a week afterwards. He's normally a very friendly little dog and wouldn't go near anyone, even me, for 3 days. Stay away from this place!!!
5	After reading mixed reviews I was hesitant about bringing our dog (10 month old husky) here, but I'm definately glad I did! They took such amazing care of him and he looked amazing too. He was matted in a few areas and had to be shaved, but there was no evidence of him being niched anywhere like some of the other reviews had said. And they took the time to actually brush him out and do all of the deshedding process. I'm very pleased and we will definately be going back.
5	They were extremely patient with my very shy Havanese who i adopted and was terrified.  We are working together so that he feels more and more comfortable.  They did a lovely job on my dogs.
5	I'm from San Diego visiting my dad in Vegas and also brought my 3 corgis with me. They were in need of a good bath and the people at Groomingdales did a wonderful job. The corgis look and smell great.  Took great care and handled my three awesomely.  Thank you!'
