5	This is a great place to have your car repaired.  It is a very small operation and easy to miss but the owner,  John, is a great guy, very competent and very fair.  He tells it like it is and gives you options.  I have always been satisfied with work he has done.  Work he has done for me has ranged from an oil change to having a new clutch put in.  I have referred several people to him and they have all been very satisfied and keep going back.
5	My fiance and I stumbled upon John's shop when her car needed some work a few months back, and we count ourselves very lucky to have found him! He is an honest mechanic, which you don't find much of these days! John is determined in every job, quick to come up with a solution, and charges fair prices! Now we take both our cars to him for any problem! John works on domestic and foreign cars (I drive an audi, she drives a pontiac), and if for some reason he can't do the job, he is always able and willing to recommend you to another shop that is just as honest! GO SEE JOHN for all your routine maintenance and unexpected car problems!!
5	I was looking to get a transmission fluid change and an engine oil change for my civic. Most of the time I just go to the Honda dealer who charges exorbitant prices. At the last minute I just wanted to see if i can find someone close to where I live. I went on yelp and found this place. I talked to JOHN who gave a fair price for the service. He finished the job like he promised and helped me understand more about what my car needs in terms of service. HE IS AMAZINGLY HONEST AND FAIR WHICH IS SO HARD TO FIND THESE DAYS. Even though the service costed a little more than the quote he gave me, he just wanted me to pay the quoted price on the phone. I paid the actual cost as an appreciation for his effort. I will be moving to a different state soon. but if I were to live here, he has earned a life long customer. GO JOHN!
5	John is amazing. He has been fixing my card since 1994 he will never steer u wrong or over charge u. He will always have it done when promised. If u are new to Phoenix or looking for a new honest guy John will give u honesty and a fair price everytime. I have probably had him fix my car 25 times at least and everytime he did a fabulous job.
5	My family and I have been going to John at All Economy for years.  He is one of the best mechanics I've ever used.  He stands by the following:1.  Quotes you a fair price and sticks to it even if he had to do more work.2.  Gets the job done right the first time and on time.3.  Does not try to sell you unnecessary work.  He will tell you that you may need something in the future and that it can wait.Most importantly - he is as honest as the day is long.  Great guy, great service!. Francisco Gutierrez
5	I was so happy to find this auto repair shop on Yelp, mostly due to the rave reviews, but also because it is literally walking distance from our new place.  When I lived in Los Angeles I had the same great mechanic for 20 years and when I moved to Phoenix for a job my heart sank at the prospect of having to find a mechanic that good in our new location.  Well, thanks to Yelp I think my search is over.  I took my Passat in because for quite some time I had been hearing a grinding noise just as I came to a stop.  John immediately put my car up on a lift so he could check it out while I was there.  He showed me ridges on a couple of my rotors and recommended replacing the brake pads and resurfacing the rotors if they were still thick enough.  More importantly, he pointed out that two of my CV boots had torn and spewed grease everywhere.  (Since I used to have this problem all the time with my VW Fox I know the kind of trouble that can develop from this situation, i.e., destroyed wheel bearings, etc.)  John recommended replacing the two front axles (since unlike my Fox, wheel bearings on a Passat cannot be repacked) and I was mentally preparing myself for a sizable bill.  Much to my surprise the total charge was well under what John could have charged according to the RepairPal app on my iPhone.  While I was there he lifted the hood and checked the belts and hoses, and while we were under the car he pointed out a suspension-related part to keep an eye on that has a very small amount of play where there should be none.  I'm pretty sure some mechanics would have recommended repairing or replacing that part (and its twin on the other wheel).  The thing that sealed the deal for me was when he pointed out the feathering on my tires and explained this was due to misaligned wheels.  I'm embarrassed to admit I had noticed the vibration in my steering wheel for quite some time but thought it was due to the grooving in the pavement.  [insert red face here]  Due to John noticing this I have an appointment for new tires -- with alignment! -- tomorrow morning, and won't have to worry about a possible blowout on the freeway.  Whew!
1	they suck.. dont go there
5	Awesome, honest guy. Took my car in today because I thought I needed my brake pads replaced. He took a look at them with me there and let me know that it looked like I still had some life in them but he would put the car on the lift to check the brake pads on the inside. He confirmed that I still had a few thousand miles left in them and that it was safe to drive. Never had a mechanic not try to sell me on something. I appreciate him saving me the money for now. I will definitely be going back to him for all future needs. Word of advice, there is no sign out front and it's a one man shop so call first to set an appt if you can.
