5	This place is tucked away, but they serve delicious gyros/ spinach pies and have great prices. It's no smoking inside so even though it's small I don't feel suffocated.
5	The gyros are delicious and the walls are made of brick.  Solid brick.
5	Good gyros, neat little place, sort of what South Side is all about
4	Yum yum yum. Hungry for Gyros? This is your place.
2	There are a lot of places that serve gyros in the area.  And everyone that I spoke to said this was the place to try -- and I spoke to a lot of people.  One fine day, I just happen to be near this location during lunch hour and figure I might as well try it.  The interior is a tad dark and dank which tends to make it feel a bit dirtier than it might have been.  The associates behind the counter were nice and were more than willing to help us.I was happy to see the spits of gyro meat turning at the front of the store -- no precut freezer meat here.  We ordered the following at the counter:FriesBarqsPlain steak pita with cheddar sauceGyro with tomato and tzitziki sauce on the sideTaking the rootbeer with us, we found a table.  It was a bit dirty from the previous customer and I couldn't figure out why -- the place was barren. The food was rather quick to come to the table and looked very good.  As I normally do, I tried the meat and the sauce separately.  The meat was over-seasoned while the sauce was underseasoned.  I don't even think that it was tzitziki sauce, but I went forward with my meal.  Trying to find that balance, I began adding the sauce to the gyro.  With each bite, I had to add more sauce.  It got to the point where I didn't want to add any more sauce.  Luckily, I had added enough sauce to enjoy the gyro. I tried a piece of the steak pita and went back to my gyro -- the steak was full of fat and gristle while also being tough.  I didn't need to eat anymore of it.  The fries were your standard freezer fare and were fried properly -- crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.In the end, I would say that Lina G's has a better gyro.  I really don't like my gyro swimming in sauce and if I have to choose between Mike's and Lina's, it will be Lina's every day.  It is much easier to add seasoning to an unbalanced gyro with sauce than it is to remove seasoning from the meat.Still looking for a gyro that is balanced.
4	This place is classic Pittsburgh and I would probably send a journalist here rather than Primanti Brothers to give him a feel for 'old Pittsburgh'.  I've been going here since I was a kid.  It is dirty, cramped, low-ceilinged and dingy as the House of Usher, but the gyros are delicious.  Which is great since that's really your only option.  If you have an open lunch and are in the South Side, jump in here and enjoy a delicious unhealthy Pittsburgh tradition.
5	Best gyros (hard g) in Pittsburgh
5	updated
2	So after reading the reviews for this place I was psyched to finally get my hands on a tasty gyro sandwich. I made the eleven minute drive from my apartment to Mike and Tony's Gyros and Shish-Kabobs and I was rather disappointed. French Fries: Delicious, crispy, golden brown. Crunchy on the outside and just the right amount of soft potatoey-ness on the inside. They were also piping hot and made to order.Gyro: The meat was under-seasoned and the sauce was not very flavorful. I've definitely have had better tasting gyros. The bread was a little crunchy/hard on the edges. Coke: Delicious!!!Maybe it was the rising expectations that led to this Mike and Tony's gyro experience being not so great so I've decided to give them another try in the future. Until then I will be trying the gyro shop on the next block!
4	Mike and Tony's is a bit of a local novelty.  This little shack on 14th does produce a great Gyro at an affordable price.  I remember the first time I went in there it reminded me a lot of my first visit to In&Out.  Simple menu, so hurry up and order, there is a line behind you.  What impressed me about this place was the quality of the meat and the quantity that they are able to load into the wrap.  Wow.  Normally I tend to ask for double/extra meat but at the time I only had $5 in my pocket so I went with normal.  But I was pleasantly surprised at the amount of meat they stuffed into the wrap along with the fresh vegetables.  Every time I get a chance, I definitely walk through the door of Mike and Tony's to get a little slice of gyro heaven.Cash Only
4	Dear reader, I submit to you this humble comparison of two Gyro joints that sit within spitting distance of each other. But it's more profound than just bragging rights for the best Gyro, this is also a tale of Yelp vs. local word of mouth. You see, I was challenged by a friend not 30 minutes before on the quality of Yelp reviews vs. WOM. So I'm getting a ride from a local (thanks Bernie!) to the South Side, and he points out a Gyro joint as being the best in P'burg (Mike and Tony's) and then I see just across the corner another Gyro joint I recognized from Yelp reviews as having 4.5 stars. So it hits me. Let's put his tithe test. I asked to be dropped off, pull up Yelp and check reviews. Sure enough, my WOM rec, Mike and Tony's has only 4 stars, and Lesvos has 4.5. I see my opportunity to test local WOm vs. Yelp right then and there (and eat two Gyros instead of one!)I won't belabor the results:Mike and Tony's was a better experience for me, thought neither was perfect. M&T's - 4 starsLesvos - 3 starsNow, keep in mind this is based on one visit, Gyro to Gyro. Sampling method is not perfect since there was a few minutes between eating each, and Mike and Tony's likely has an advantage since I was more hungry when I ate theirs (although I only ate half to try to control for this).  Here are some details:M&T - total hole in the wall, but not in a bad way. Gyro came in seconds to my table, piping hot and absolutely piled with meat. It was juicy, and the pita had just the right amount of resistance. The meat was just a tad over seasoned, as another reviewer mentioned, but really food flavor overall. The tatziki sauce tasted like straight sour cream to me, with similar texture. It wasn't bad, but I prefer something a little mote delicate, with some lemon, cucumber, and a bit of yogurt tang. Overall, pretty freaking tasty. Lesvos - also pretty good ( and same price BTW), but just missing on a couple of things. The meat was a little dry, and though tasty, not quite as tasty. There was less meat although still a generous portion. The sauce was a tad more delicate, though still mostly tasting like sour cream. The bread was not bad, but just a tad more presence than ideal for perfect balance - a little too thick and chewy. Moral of the story? Not exactly sure, but if I had gone by Yelp alone, I would have missed out on the better Gyro just next door.
4	Looking at the exterior alone, I wasn't so sure I wanted to go into Mike & Tony's but because of the high ratings on Yelp they pushed me in. When we walked in we were greeted with the pleasant smell of seasoned meat. The interior is a no frills, basic set up all in brown with some pictures and articles up; an arcade machine and a flat screen tv, playing espn. I instantly felt at home with the casual environment. Ordered the gyro platter and was amazed just at how cheap everything was for what we got. The meat was cooked and seasoned well and the tzatziki sauce was a thumbs up. Pita tasted fresh. Even though I ate everything off my plate and my stomach was stuffed to the max, my brain was telling me more. I know we will be back though Mike & Tony's is cash only.
5	The BEST Gyros in Pittsburgh!The meat perfectly seasoned as is the tzatziki.  I've tried other gyros around town and while there are good gyros to be found, each time I go back to Mike & Tony's I'm reminded of how much better theirs are!
3	Gyros the way I like them. Delicious ingredients in ample proportions. Fresh pita.  Fast service.
5	You know what, these might actually be the best Gyros I have ever had. Mr Myers and Mr Danza should be proud of themselves.I've never been to Greece, and if I had to think of a better Gyro, the only one that comes close, is Central Gyros in Chicago. I can't choose which one I like better, so I'm going to have to say they're jointly the best Gyro I have ever had, and therefore this really is the food gem of Pittsburgh. Of course you have to try Fiore's Pizza and Peppi's Roethlisburger too, but if you only have 1 meal, 1 time, in Pitt, and you like Gyros... here, my friends, is your Mecca. Brought to you by Mr Tyson and Mr Romo.There are actually two locations of this, and because it had a shorter line, i think I like the Southside version better. But there is one downtown that caters to the lunch crowd, and they are excellent too. Another thing that is fantastic about Mike & Tony's is the price! Their Gyro (piled with juicy delicious meat, with loads of fluffy Gyro style pizza, sharp onions, juicy tomatoes, and creamy yogurt sauce), is cheaper than most burgers! Extremely impressive! Just like the founders, Mr Jackson and Mr Hopkins.Gyros should be made a certain way. There's an exception, in Buffalo, where "Gyros" are something else entirely in some Greek diners, and are very good, if not as good as traditional Gyros. But what I cannot stand is those fake, frozen, pre-packaged Gyro strips. They are already cut out in Gyro strip shape, and they just grill those and bam, Gyros. No thank you! Gyros are supposed to be shaved off a large spindle, delicious and juicy and fresh... that's the only way to go. Add some yogurt sauce, onions and tomatoes on a Gyro Pita - the end. The best in the world are Mike & Tony's in Pittsburgh, and Central Gyros in Chicago. Nom nom nom. This place does Gyros RIGHT! So thank you Mr Jordan and Mr Soprano.Parking is tricky and tight at both locations, so be careful. They're always a little tow-happy in Pittsburgh, though not as bad as NYC. Try around the corner from the Southside location, that's your best bet. I asked owners Mr Buble and Mr Bennett and they told me the same thing.Mike and Tony's - you are absolutely outstanding!!!My original review (what was I thinking)One of the best Gyros in America, hands down. Very cheap too. Eat it while it's hot, that's the way it's supposed to be. Then let's make out, so I can taste some of that Gyro too. Well, no, I mean, I'd love to make out anyway, but tasting the Gyro is a bonus. OK OK, I admit it, I just want the Gyro taste! You caught me Blue-and-white handed! (the greek flag. Although there is nothing greek about this place. It just happens to make better Gyros than most Greeks).So thanks again to Mr J. Fox and Mr Hawk for opening this place!
4	If you must have mystery meat snack after a night of over imbibing in South Side, make the stop at Mike & Tony's.  Add some fries.  Get some Ice Tea.  Jam the gyro and fries down, wash it up with some tea, and you'll feel ready to blow cookies when you walk out. This means you will feel satisfied on all counts. Seriously, it tastes good. We're all gonna die anyway right?  Oh, and if you get the meatshave gyro, get it with all the fixin's. C'mon, you know it's good!  Don't forget to pay...oh, you'll pay, alright.
4	For a small local place - the food is great and you get what u pay for! I was here for the first time last week (1/27/12) - definitely will be heading back
5	Hands down best gyro in Pittsburgh in my opinion.  Possibly the best gyro ever.  Even at 2am when there's a line of drunk people waiting, the staff is quick and efficient.  Clearly they've been doing this for awhile.  The fries are not the best, but for some reason I always get them with the gyro because they taste so good together.  The gyro is so jam packed with goodness that when they hand it to you you don't think it's that big...until you unwrap the foil and start eating it.  I always eat mine so fast that I nearly choke.  I can think of no sweeter death.I used to frequent Mike & Tony's on a regular basis when I lived in the South Side.  Now that I don't, I try to stop by whenever I happen to be in the neighborhood.  I just can't resist.
5	Best Gyros in town, hands down!
5	Best. Gyro. Ever.This place is nothing to look at, but their gyros are hands-down the best I've ever had.  I always have to eat at least two, and have even been known to take down three.  I really wish I hadn't started writing this review.  I'm salivating and realizing I won't be back to Pittsburgh for months!I think that a M&T Gyro should be the thing you get for out-of-town visitors instead of the overplayed Primanti's sandwich.
5	Let me paint you a picture. It's 2 am, the bars just closed and all of a sudden the only thing driving your feet forward is your hunger. For some reason after consuming gallons of alcohol all you wanna do is shove food down your throat. You are wondering around the southside with your friends, 2 girls you met in a bar and a random homeless guy who you thought was the funniest dude alive. All of a sudden you stumble onto a little shack type place with a lit sign outside that says "mike & tony's." My friend you have just hit drunk heaven.For the rookie orderer at mike and tonys it may seem like the "soup nazi" skit from seinfeld. You need to know what you want, these guys move quick, they only take cash and the gyro is an even 5 bucks. Don't studder or they will move on to the next person until you are ready. Once you order, move to the right, wait for your bag and get the hell out! Usually by the time you get to the corner you have unwrapped it and taken your first bites of this magnificent spectacle. I've seen many a rookies first reaction. You slightly tear up at first, embarassed you wipe the tears of joy from your face. Then you look down at this magical wonder you have just traded for five dollars of currency and try to speak through your full mouth of tender lamb meat, "this is the greatest thing I have ever eaten."They have won, Mike & Tonys will forever be a southside tradition now.
5	Best food in the burg and great people that work there.  The pita bread is amazingly soft and the meat tastes amazing.  The prices are a steal as well.  It's so good it makes the parking situation worth it.
5	Easily the best Gyros in Pittsburgh
5	Excellent gyros and great waitstaff. Cant recommend this place enough.
4	The only legitimate Mike and Tony's in my mind. Some of it is clearly nostalgia and bias, but the other franchise places do not have the same 'burgh feel. In the south side establishment, you walk in, order your gyro in a non-standard way, talk a little pittsburghese, and then go out and enjoy carson street. Its got the steel town vibe. doesnt get much better. Its IMPOSSIBLE to find a gyro like this on the west coast. Not only do they make them terribly, they scream at you for not calling it a YEERO. ugh.
5	I'm from Pittsburgh and currently live in Atlanta...and am yet to find a gyro anywhere that even comes close...I get homesick when I think of Mike and Tony's!
4	Seriously, the BEST & biggest gyro I've found in Pittsburgh. Sometime's they'll have a deal for gyro, fries & a drink for around $7. Great deal for such a great amount of food! :)
5	Delicious and priced right.
4	A gyro under 5 bucks? Yes. It was filling, tasty, and quick!  My friend and I biked to South Side for the sole purpose of obtaining a gyro. Under her recommendation we went here and let me tell you - it was worth the life risking bike ride. The bike ride isn't bad, I'm just a horrible biker, so getting here is actually quite easy. We ordered our gyros, went to wash our sweaty hands and came down to sit to our freshly made gyros. I love, love the gyro bread, the fluffy goodness that cushions your jaw with every bite. I would advise everyone to get this. EVERYONE.
3	I loved Mike and Tony's ... But since they got taken over under new management a few years back I can taste the  difference and I don't like it at all...
4	Yummy gyros for cheep. All ingredients are fresh and they make it right I front of you so you can see everything that goes into your gyro. Fast service. Food is ready in less than 3 mins. Perfect if you are looking for a fast meal or just like gyros. Hits the spot after a long night out on the Southside.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!!I absolutely love Mike & Tony's. My order is exactly the same every time I go (gyro, fries, iced tea, and an extra side of sauce for dipping fries and gyro). I moved away from Pgh for a few years and always made Mike & Tony's my first stop when I visited home. I've even eaten here 2 times in one day...they are that good! I'm glad to be home. Even though they are a good 20 minutes from my house, I probably go at least once every 2 weeks, if not every week.The ambience leaves much to be desired, but I will chalk it up at character. But one bite of the best gyro ever and you won't care. Service is faster and prices are less than a fast food restaurant.Keep in mind that they only accept cash. I don't see this as a deterrent. It helps them keep their prices low. If you forget your cash, they do have an ATM with a $1.75 fee. I'll gladly pay the fee to get cash for my gyro.Did I mention I love Mike & Tony's? :)
3	We ordered what they're famous for (gyros and fries) and...I loved everything about it, except the food, which was just okay.  The service was great, the staff were nice, but to achieve true greatness, I think the pita needs to be fried on the griddle with a bit of butter for crispy contrast, and the tzaziki does need a little zip, and even some cucumber.Don't get me wrong: this is a solid entry in the "what should we eat for lunch?" quiz, but it needs a little more finesse to knock my socks off.
5	I have been a fan of this place for years! I love love love love love love this place. love! (get the picture?) =]. I have become a serious regular there- to the point that when I wasn't there for a month, an employee noticed right away lol. Amazing gyros!My boyfriend and I order the same exact thing every time we come here. I get the chicken gyro special with ranch instead of cucumber sauce and an Iced Tea as my drink. The boyfriend orders the gyro special with everything on it and a Coke.The food is always consistently good!I adore the chicken gyro. They marinate the chicken for hours and it is obvious when you take a bite out of it. It's full of flavor and it's juicy! Since it's cooked on the grill, it has that charred taste to it slightly and I love that! The ranch is awesome too, although it is a little runny. The pita bread is amazing too- soft, but at the same time it doesn't get very soggy if you order take out. The fries are delicious too- although, sometimes the cook (depending on who is working) over fries them and they are a little too crisp for my liking. My boyfriend LOVES the regular gyro. Never anything to complain about there.We are addicted to this place and do not plan on venturing out to try other gyro places. We already found our favorite!
4	When I'm in the mood for gyros, I go here. They are delicious and they give you a very generous portion. If you're not a fan of a ton of sauce I recommend you ask for it on the side. They give you a very generous portion of that also. My only complaint is that I get too hot in the restaurant due to the meat cookers radiating heat at the customers ordering in line. That being said, this is my favorite gyro place.
1	Not the same since it was sold years back. They changed the sauce and the gyros shrunk. Go to Mike & Tony's downtown for the best gyros.
5	Oh Mike & Tony's, how do I love you! The saddest part of moving out of Southside was the fact that I would no longer be able to walk a block to indulge in the deliciousness that is Mike & Tony s. If I was forced to eat something for every day the rest of my life, it would be the gyro special with extra onions. There is just something about a gyro from here that makes me so happy.Service is always quick and really friendly. Gyros are hot and fresh and always taste amazing! I love their fries too, always goes good with a side of ranch. If you get it to go, they send you off with your gyro in a plain brown paper bag, just like a typical school lunch. Only this is way better than any school lunch i've ever had. Basically, you need to try Mike & Tony's. I sincerely miss being able to go there whenever I craved a yummy gyro, and I tell anyone and everyone to check them out!
4	This is a great place to stop by for a quick bite, either for lunch break or late night after party munchies. They throw together a tasty gyro in minutes. $5 will get you a gyro packed with layers and layers of meat. I never thought I'd be saying this but there was too much meat. The meat to wrap ratio was just divine. The meat was beautifully seasoned, although slightly a bit salty. The sauce tasted straight up like yogurt. I wasn't very impressed. I wish there was more "Tzatziki" in the Tzatziki sauce. Overall, the gyros at Mike and Tony's really gave that bang for my bucks. Will come back!
