5	la la la LOVE Fili B's! What's better than a drive-thru Mexican joint open 24/7? OH! a CHEAP drive-thru Mexican joint open 24/7, which is known as Filiberto's.
3	I'm an out of towner...east coast that is...so what do I know? I travel alot and rely on yelp for ideas regularly. Craving Mexican type food I found Filiberto's was highly rated and nearby.I ordered the following:- Carne Asada taco- Fish taco- Green Chile burritoLong story short....Carne Asada was ok...I mean better then taco bell but not hot & fresh. The fish taco was a total waste of money unless you like cabbage & onions. Now, the Green chile burrito was from a different place. It was hot, fresh, saucy and tasty. Maybe a tad heavy on sodium but hit the spot. So, save your money, get the green chili burrito for $3.72 call it good.
4	I like all the filibertos and eat at them frequently. They have great breakfast burritos! However, this location seems to be better than most for lunch. I am never disappointed here. It's fun to play mistery burrito. They have all these burritos named for different southwestern states and it's not posted what  the ingredients are. Everytime I order one it's a delicious surprise. I love me some Fili-B's
4	Filerberto's.  Definately good Mexican food.  My favorites are the carne asada fries and super nachos!!!! Always come here with the friends and fam!! If your down for the Mexican food, this is a must!!!
3	I'm also here from the East Coast for business and was looking for some decent Mexican. I ended up getting the number 8, which was 4 rolled tacos with a side of rice and beans. Not bad - it was good but not fantastic. I will say that I devoured most of the combo pretty quickly so it was tasty and hit the spot but it was nothing too out of the ordinary.
4	If you are craving Mexican food at 3 in the morning, this place is for you.Holy Taco Tuesday.  Who can say no to a delicious chicken or beef taco for a dollar?Horchata is also a sugar-overdose of a wonderland.   They also have the best breakfast burritos.  Hands down.  Eggs, bacon, extra cheese & pico.   They will put ANYTHING into your burrito.  Just ask.I've heard a lot of things about the Super Nachos but I cannot find it in my heart to order them.Make sure to extra red sauce all of the things.
3	Since my kids went to ASU I have wanted to try this place meaning the restaurant because there are many locations.   I know your suppose to go at 3am not 3pm but I got there. Shared taquitos with guacamole and had my first Horchada.  I usually don't like these kinda drinks but I enjoyed it anyway.  I would go back at 3am or 3pm .
4	Love the food. Service in the drive-thru is slow but I haven't had food poisoning after eating here so that is a plus.
2	I've eaten at several Filiberto's locations around the East Valley but this one does not get a high rating from me. I've received food at a full service restaurant faster than this fast food location. Most of the tables in the facility were dirty. The condiment bar was empty of all selections except for salsa and was dirty. Next time, I'll opt for the Garcia's across the street.
1	Service is just so slow, especially in the drive thru.  A couple of bean burritos for the kiddos is going on 30 minutes...no one in front of us.  This is maybe my fifth time thru this location and it just keeps getting worse.
4	Favorite fast mexican food
4	Pretty good food, especially when it is 3am and you are drunk The food is pretty good sober, too.As everyone knows, their service time is dismal. Can't rush perfection though can you?
3	I have a love hate relationship here, would never stop coming but I don't know why I do.  They always take forever, but then again they have a decent dollar menu...Monday- 3 rolled tacos with cheeseTuesday- TacosWednesday- bean burrito
3	I liked their tortilla for the bean burrito, but I've had better beans. The shredded beef taco was pretty good. They didn't have enough meat on it though. For fast Mexican food it's fine. Close to my house.
