1	They say, buy here pay here. Their selection of vehicles is not over 50 like they claim. They have one old lady as their sales lady. The first thing she asked, who much money do you have. We told her $500 and she literally laughed at us. She said she needs $1000 to even talk to us - she did not even consider the sale. It was so embarrassing and shameful.
5	I mean wow finally someone real. I had some time to kill on my lunch and ended up pulling into liberty sales.  Dulce and Ellia were tremendous.  They had no problem with me coming in out of curiosity.  I told them I'm not buying a car, nor am I selling mine; but I was curious.  So they checked the value of my car KBB  and offered me well over the recommended msrp.  Now my car is no gem.  But I love it and I expect the person buying it to love it too.  SO...  this is when my lunch was almost over. Their offer was amazing and they actually had exactly what I wanted.  So I did a switcheroo, got some cash, and drove back to work and hour late in a sick new upgrade.  Almost got fired but so totally worth it.  Lower payment and newer car.  Well played sir and madam.  I would recommend your establishment to any friend of mine.  Thanks again,and sell my baby to someone awesome!
1	So here's a true story. (Im gonna begin all my reviews like this from now on because it seems I run across some weird/funny business') I drive by this "auto sales lot" every single day and I have called no lie over 15 times on different days. There phone is always busy and I can never talk to someone. I am 100% convinced this is a drug front !! They have had the same 2 cars parked in the front  I.e. a maroon/purple 2006 ford fusion and this lowered ghetto mercedes!  There lot has 2 cars , the cars have never been washed and have cobwebbs growing on the front. And in the back they have a car ,again same one thats been back there forever thats being chopped up.  Someone with friends in law enforcement please make the call and check the basement for either drugs, kids locked in cages for underage sex trafficking or human bodies.
