4	The fried chicken here is really good - better than popeyes! I liked the green beans and the fact that they serve breakfast all day (even though I have sworn not to eat any of that fatty, artery-clogging, biscuit-egg goodness). The sweet tea here is also pretty legendary as they have so clearly advertised. 4 stars just because my arteries are clogged and I'm struggling to get out of this Bojangles food coma right now.
4	The food here is just like every other Bojangles... Straight up delicious... But the thing is I love the staff here... The sanitation score is consistently high... The coffee is always hot and delicious, which is tops in my book... Sometimes I just need a jolt to get me to the office! I head out to work well before 6 am and I have never encountered a rude or unhappy person on the microphone or at the window... My order is always correct, everything is always hot and yummy and I leave with a smile on my face... These guys work hard to put out quality food before a lot of people even roll out of bed...  They clearly put the morning people on the drive thru in the early morning and for that?  Extra star for you, Bojangles... See you soon!
2	It's like KFC but slightly better.
4	It's been 2 years since I have been back in the Carolinas and I have been hankerin for some Bojangles. The biscuits were amazing as usual, same with the fried chicken. We did a mix and match with the sides and wow all the sides were worth it. If you love fried chicken this is the place to go!!
4	There is something about this bojangles location that is magnetic on me. From the days when i use to live across the street from it and the aroma had you floating in at least one a week, to my riding past it a few moments ago and the marvelous aromas of freshly fried chicken gently but firmly lured you within, capturing you with its taste. Thus location is well kept and a delight to be trapped at.
1	Akways something wrong.  Don't know why continue to visit this location. Dirty rice side was dry and tasted burnt.Didn't give the desired dipping sauce for tenders.  Wrong drinks. The employee taking the drive thru order sounded like she didn't want to be there.
