5	I haven't been a member of the Allegheny YMCA for very long, but I've had a great experience so far.The building itself is on the older side -- I'd guess it's probably about 100 years old.  The equipment, however, is pretty modern, and many of the rooms have been retrofitted for modern gym conveniences such as air conditioning.  The Allegheny YMCA has the following features:1) A room with cardio machines (some traditional elliptical trainers, some of the newer breed of elliptical trainers that are like a mating between a stair-stepper and an elliptical, rowing machines, and exercise bikes).  Most of the cardio machines are only about a year old and have those weird little TVs mounted on top, so you can see Barack Obama's mouth silently moving as you get your workout.2) A basketball court with a track on top of it (28 laps = 1 mile).3) A spinning studio.4) A pretty decent weightlifting room, with a good balance between weight machines and free weights.  There's also a good range of free weights, so a weakling like me and a strong man like the dude I saw with biceps bigger than my waist can both use the weight room.5) A pool that is not Olympic size, but is big enough to get in a decent workout by swimming lengths.6) Secure access to the women's locker room (as well as to the fancy men's locker room).7) A group exercise room.  Group exercise classes are included in the membership fee, and the instructors are really nice and also inspiring/motivating.  There's a good range of classes for all ages and fitness levels, including Pilates, yoga, water aerobics, spinning, and cardio kickboxing.The membership fees are pretty reasonable here (a family membership for 2 adults and 2 children is $58/month plus a $125 joining fee), and if you are employed by UPMC, you get an additional discount.Most importantly, the Allegheny YMCA is a very welcoming place, regardless of your age, gender, or current fitness level.  Gyms can be intimidating if you aren't in the greatest shape to begin with, and some gyms have members who aren't kind towards women who aren't super-fit or super-skinny.  But at the Allegheny Y, everyone I have met has been extremely friendly and nice to me, which is the best incentive to keep going to the gym.
5	I'm still giving this Y five stars because I like the other patrons and the atmosphere so much; I just want to re-evaluate the place now that I've gotten way better at various activities.The cardio room is still really, really good.  I've never had to wait for a machine, and the machines are quite nice and new still.  The weightlifting room is also totally adequate, with pretty much a full complement of machines (older, but still serviceable), and a good assortment of free weights and related paraphernalia, including a Smith machine and a regular good ol' power cage.  There isn't any platform for Olympic lifts, and I haven't seen anyone in here perform them (there isn't a lot of room, so I'm not really sure how one would even go about powerlifting safely in this gym.)  However, there is a bucket of chalk in one corner.  Go figure.The pool is fine if you aren't really hardcore into swimming.  If swimming is a major form of exercise for you, however, it might not be the best pool for your needs.  It's a four-lane pool, I think 25 yards long.  It is heavily chlorinated, and it tends to be QUITE warm, especially on Monday mornings (this is because kids with sickle-cell anemia use the pool on Sundays, and the water needs to be especially warm for them -- it hasn't cooled down yet by Monday.)  Since I am at Pitt, I have access to the pool at Trees Hall, which is superior by any metric, so I use that instead.I like this Y quite a lot and wouldn't consider switching, even though there are newer/fancier Y's in the area.
4	Four stars - not because the facility itself is stellar, it certainly needs updates and could use more space - but the staff was so friendly and helpful! The atmosphere was inviting and communal, really nice to see a Y that is still a full mission where men can stay and get on their feet. And art classes! And dodgeball! And I had a great workout in the gym.
