5	Yet another bizarre little shop in the quirky Papago Plaza. Going along with the theme of generic non-clever naming - The Sub Shop fits right in with neighbors "Papago Brewery," "Beads," "Mail," "Tanning," and "Korean Restaurant"... I swear, it's like stepping into a movie set where they opt out of product placement or name dropping. Anyway - going along with the name, this place has a pretty generic insides as well. It's definitely a sub shop. A place where you can get subs. Are they good? Yes... quite. The food all seems pretty fresh and you can bet it's healthier and of higher quality than the shit they shovel at Subway or the like. Generous with the meat - fresh sliced and priced to move as well. The bread has ranged from possibly day-old to squishy soft and fresh, but usually the latter.Pricewise, it's a few bucks more than a chain that serves crap, but it's totally worth it. If you live in the neighborhood, I see no reason to not stop here for a bite. It's good. You'll forget it exists though... even if you write the name of the place down on a slip of paper and stick it to the fridge.Edit: Been eating from here for lunch regularly - wanted to add - their prices are great, they always have fresh white bread, and the quality of their meats is fairly premium. Really tasty sandwich. Had to add a star... It's not super special or anything, but it's really good and reliable and inexpensive. What more could you ask for from an affordable lunch?
5	I was running errands, did a quick search from my phone of a sandwich place nearby and I am so thankful The Sub Shop came up in the results.It is a basic sandwich joint, nothing fancy. It is super clean, and they had one TV on CNN and the other on a baseball game. There were a few folks sitting at tables, but there wasn't a crazy line, even at 12:30pm.I ordered my usual, veggie sub. The girl working behind the counter was super nice. My sandwich came out about 3 minutes later, and it was DELISH. The bread was fresh, the veggies were crisp, I was a fan. A few minutes later a man, who I presume to the owner, stopped by to ask how my lunch was, my thoughts on the menu, and asked if I had picked up a loyalty card. He was very geniune, and nice, which made me wish I ventured this far south from my office more often for a bite. Good Food, Good Prices... definitely recommend.
1	Its a racket.
