1	This bank is an awful choice for small business.  Excessive fees for everything.  Charges for depositing too much cash in a month, high monthly service charges, etc.  The staff from top to bottom isn't knowlegable about business or even their own policies.  They aren't any good for personal checking either.  I was told my expectations were foolish and I should have known it's most advantageous to bank with whomever held my mortgage.STAY AWAY!  The place is a complete joke and you will be left feeling so incredibly frustrated until you finally take your business elsewhere.
2	I have not been super impressed lately with service.  One deposit at the window - now takes 10 minutes.  When the last bank manager was there - it was NOT this way.  They have not hired appropriate personnel.
4	I have received excellent service from the staff here. Mr. Basha helped to setup my personal and business checking accounts and I have nothing but good things to say about him and the bank. He made it very easy for me to do some of the account setup processes electronically as it was difficult for me to get to the bank some days. I've learned a lot about this bank and that fact that they didn't take any of the government bailout money I think says a lot about its financial stability and I like that in a bank - I feel they will be around for a long time.Many banks are the same - yes they have fees (all banks do) but what makes a difference to me is the customer service. I really thought Mr. Basha took very good care of me and my accounts.
1	This whole bank is a complete joke! I have never had any issues with banks in the past but this one seriously needs to get their act together and treat their customers like customers. I was slapped with so many random "fees" it was absurd, all of which I had to fight for. I had an account for 4 months and finally said screw it and closed it. I do not recommend them at all. Huge mistake on my part for choosing them. Additionally, their locations are so spread out and not convenient at all. Go with someone else and save yourself the hassle, seriously.
