4	This was my first elite event and it was awesome! I've been wanting to try Benjamins for a while- a friend of mine raved about them and I had them on my radar for a while. I was super excited to try burgers! The first sample that I received was the jalapeno burger. WOW. Delicious! The sauce was incredible! I definitely want to go back there and order one asap. I was lucky enough to receive two of the sample burgers and they were definitely the star of all of the samples in my eyes. I was also impressed how well the mini burgers were cooked. A tiny bit of pink and really juicy! Delish!Next, I tried their crab cake on a bun. Considering I am not the biggest fan of seafood and this was literally my first time trying a crab cake, I had nothing to compare it to. I liked it- but couldn't finish it because I thought it tasted a little fishy. The shrimp and grits was awesome! I recently visited the Outer Banks and saw shrimp and grits at basically every restaurant- but did not order it. I was excited to see they serve it at Benjamins! It was delicious- the shrimp was prepared right and wasn't fishy at all. The grits were really tasty too.Antny's ice cream.... omg the ice cream! Thick, cream cheese consistency almost, real apple pieces... apple pie in ice cream form. WOW. I was obsessed. I need to visit Antny's ASAP before they close for the season! It was awesome!Drinks! The Avery Brewery IPA was hoppy but also had a malty undertone that I wasn't a huge fan of. I enjoyed it though, I love trying new beers! The sangria was awesome!I agree with Kimberly B. in saying that a buffet style would have been awesome and a little easier, rather than the wait staff having to hand deliver each item while they were busy in the restaurant- which is why I took off one star. There was plenty of food for everyone though and the food was delivered hot and fresh- which is definitely better than the potential of cold food in a buffet. It was an AWESOME event! Thank you Rachel C for setting it all up! I defintely plan on returning to Benjamins soon! I know my boyfriend is going to love their burgers! The restaurant staff was awesome and very professional as well! Can't wait to go back!P.S The chapstick is awesome! I love the passion fruit flavor!
5	My first regular yelp event.  Really great restaurant for day with perfect weather.  The other attendees were really friendly.  If this is how yelp events go. I'll be at the ones I can attend.
4	Us Pittsburgh Elites got it lucky! Three awesome events in less than a month? Score! And once again, the event was great! I've never heard of Benjamin's before but I would love to come back and try some more of their delicious entrees after getting a taste of what kind of bites their kitchen puts out. I'll start with the grits and shrimp... wow! First of all, it was my first time trying grits so I was even more excited to try it. So good! I kept saying how it almost or reminded me of mac and cheese. The shrimp was wonderful as well. It went together perfectly and had an extra zing of spice that totally won me over. Next on the seafood menu was the crabcake. Delicious! It was done just right and they gave us a generous portion. Now on to the meat (my favorite! Ha!)! The burger was amazing. Whatever sauce that was, can I have it in a jar to go? I love spicy foods and this sauce could probably go with anything. There is no denying that it made the burger. The meat was also cooked right as it melted in your mouth. Lastly, the apple pie ice cream for dessert was to die for. I'm usually a chocolate or peanut butter kind of guy when it comes to ice cream, but this totally makes me want to expand my sweet tooth more! You could taste every flavor individually. It was fabulous! Great addition, Rachel!The place itself had a very cool vibe to it. I liked how we were all spaced out and not packed in together in one room. Shout out to Carrie W. for getting the Buccos game on (sad outcome)! :P My only suggestion, as others mentioned, would have been to offer the foods buffet style. About eight of us were sitting near the back and by the time the food would come our way, they would run out. I guess people were taking seconds before we got our first. No biggie because we eventually ended up getting to try everything, but a buffet would have given everyone a fair chance of trying what they wanted without the servers (great job, by the way) running around like crazy. Beer was good! Definitely hoppy as Meghan B. mentioned, but I'll try anything so it was worth the drink coupons! Thanks again, Rachel! You always do a great job! :)
4	This event started off not so great but, got better at the finish.I had heard nothing but great things about Benjamin's for a while now but, I never got a chance to check them out until now. I LOVE burgers so I knew I would like this place. I wish the event had been post poned to another night though due to the Pirate Wildcard baseball game as street parking on Western Ave was pretty tough to find. It took me at least 10 minutes of circling the block before a parking space opened up. Once parked and inside I walked in and had no idea where to go so I walked to the back and saw the Yelp banner in the pool table area. Upon checking in I got myself a Sangria and walked to the second seating area in the back as everyone was already hanging out on the couches.A few minutes later I finally got to meet my Yelp buddy Carrie W and her hubby Matt. About ten minutes later food started to come around but, our table wouldn't get any as the servers were out of food before they reach where we were seating. This was the continuing theme for the evening unfortunately.The first thing we tried was the Smoked Salmon (Pastrami style cured Salmon, capers, dill aioli, on a crostini) It was a good start. Next we tried the Shrimp and Grits on a spoon. (Byrd's Mill organic corn grits, habanero cheddar cheese, brown sugar and butter.) They were one of the best things served all night! We then saw what looked like a pulled pork slider go around but, we never got to taste it as the servers always ran out before reaching our table. We also got to try a slider of the Veggie Slider (Chick peas, roasted sweet potatoes, poblano peppers, caramelized onions & rosemary). I will not becoming vegan anytime soon but, I must say, it was very tasty!We even got to try a crab cake slider. Being that I have been to Baltimore countless times I think I know a thing or two about crab cakes. This was a very good one as it was seasoned and cooked perfectly.Then out of no where the star of the show arrived. The Candied Jalapeno Slider! (candied jalapeno cream cheese & apple wood smoked bacon) It was absolutly amazing and was the best thing we had all night.And just when you thought it was over we got a bowl with three differnent scoops of Antny's icecream. One apple pie, one ginger and one of pumpkin. It was so good!I was surprised the owner didn't come out and greet and or talk to us. As AJ. S said, a buffet line would have been perfect as to make sure evryone got to try everything they wanted to. All in all a nice event though. I will be back for a full sized version of the shrimp and grits and Candied Jalapeno burger stat!
4	More of like 3.5 stars.  Like what was said prior, a buffet style setup would have worked wonderfully here.  Observing from the outskirts of the crowd I saw a few things that were a bit disturbing.  As the food was being brought out, it really never made it past the people that were near the entrance.  I missed out on several items this way due to the abundance of people flocked around the pool table.  The scene was always the same, a tray would come out and then when and if that tray made it past the pool table there would be one item left on the tray (maybe a simple fix to that could have been to have had bigger trays).Another thing I really didn't like was the space and lack of seating.  I stood the majority of the night until I discovered the little outdoor patio.  That place was pretty magical.  I really felt like I was at somebody's place in a swank neighborhood in the city.  Quite calming and I like how they were mindful of their neighbors.  Also if you had the chance to take in the patio, you also got a chance to spy the chef preparing the bites, knowing and seeing that they were prepared fresh was an amazing perk.I was confused of the as to how long this went too.  There really was no end time stated.  So for me, when I felt like I was done was when I left.  Which, as it seems from other reviews, was a bit premature.  Wish I would have stuck around a bit more.Parking wasn't bad, or maybe I got lucky by snagging a spot virtually right out front.  Leaving wasn't bad either, got to take a trip down by the stadium and heard the roar (even though we lost :().It was great to see other Yelp Elites and the few I spoke with were really nice.  It was great to see you all.
4	I have passed by this restaurant numerous times but have never recognized it as a restaurant. It's nestled in a non-descript building which I loved because there wasn't any obnoxious decor. The inside made me feel right at home and was very casual. At the event, they offered four types of sliders: a goat cheese vegetarian burger, pulled pork, crab cake, and bacon jalapeno burger. I'll talk about the sliders from my most favorite to my least favorite slider starting with the bacon jalapeno burger. It had the right amount of spiciness and the bacon was enough to cut through the spiciness. The pulled pork and crab cake are next. I was impressed that the crab cake had actual lumps of crab in it. The pulled pork could have had more sauce on it but the coleslaw on the top was a perfect complement to the pork. My least favorite slider was the vegetarian slider made of goat cheese. The breading of the slider was made of some type of nuts and was too chunky for me. They also offered appetizer samples which included a crostini with smoked salmon and grits with shrimp. I highly recommend the grits with shrimp. It was actually the best thing I ate there. Benjamin's is a great place for a date, family reunion, or just to catch up with friends. Their cozy and relaxed decor, choice of food, and location make it an excellent place to try. I'm definitely getting the grits with shrimp the next time I go back!
4	I had a really good time with a friend at this event. These events work perfectly for me, as I get to try places I haven't been able to stop into yet. I was very happy and appreciative that they offered a vegetarian burger option, as well as a shrimp and grits sans shrimp. We ended up sitting outside on one of the patio tables, which was perfect because the weather was incredible and it was much less crowded than inside. Further, we schmoozed with the chefs to make sure we could get the first samples before they headed inside. I would say that being inside seemed a bit overcrowded, but who can say no to attending such wonderful events? Thanks again to Rachel for another fun event.
4	T'was a bittersweet event.  I was most excited to hear of the burger bash, but was concerned it may inhibit the opportunity to watch the Bucco's play in their one and done Wildcard Playoff game.  Scoping Benjamin's I was assured we would be able to mingle, eat, and enjoy what I was hoping to be a Pirate victory all in the same night... Two out of three ain't bad right Meatloaf?  Yes I would have much preferred the trifecta for the night but sadly it ended with a loss, at least at the stadium nearby... Moving on.This was our first visit to Benjamin's.  The streets were packed with fans attending said game so parking was more challenging than I am certain almost any other night of the year.  However we, as other pointed out, just had to circle the streets of the North Side a few times to find a spot.  We arrived early and sat at the bar to enjoy some drinks and comradery with local Pirate fans.  When it was time to start we made our way up the steps to the semi-private area where the other yelpers flocked to.  We grabbed a couple drinks and made our way toward a back area since the area where the couches were located were occupied.  We met up with Tim W. a well-known Elitist and had the opportunity to actually meet and chat.  One of my favorite things about the events are meeting all the great yelpers in the community and enjoying the events with them.  We also got to see Aj S and share several laughs as he is always a blast to be around.  I think the major thing that the event lacked was the restraint of the vulture yelpers that hovered near the pool table and cleared out the sample trays before they made their way about the room.  I have read the suggestions of other yelpers that a buffet may have helped this dilemma.  I honestly don't think so.  Free buffets bring out the worst in some people..  We were given tickets for drinks, so why not for food?  Ah ha! Now we are talking...  Anyhow that was the main drawback, since many trays were devoured right at their beginning destination we did miss some of the initial samplings.  However, what eventually made its way around ended up being pretty darn scrumptious.The first thing that came our way was a smoked salmon with, capers and aioli, on a crostini.  It was very good reminiscent of a lox and bagel.   The next tray that came about was Shrimp and Grits served on a spoon for one bit sample.  The corn grits had a habanero cheese in them and the shrimp were perfectly cooked.  Such a balance of heat and flavor this was one of my favorite things, the perfect bite! I will order it when I visit again. A Veggie Slider tray made with  Balsamic-Rosemary Goat Cheese & Granny Smith Apple chickpeas, and veggies made its way to us next.  It was ok, had some good flavor, just wouldn't see me ever ordering it, but great option for those who are not carnivorous.  Unlike the others at my table I did get to sample one of the pulled pork sliders with slaw, very good.We also got a crab cake slider, which was not my favorite, however I heard others signing praises so again just a personal palate opinion.  I think like many others our favorite and winner of the evenings offerings was the candied jalapeno slider with candied jalapeno cream cheese & apple wood smoked bacon, taste buds were in awe.  So, so very good.  Definitely will pair well with the grits upon return visit. Lastly we got a bowl of Anthony's ice cream with three flavors, apple pie, ginger and one of pumpkin. I tasted each but opted to give them to Matt as he has a sweet tooth that won't stop and honestly I was feeling full only after single samples, so I can only image how the folks that attacked the waiters were feeling.  We had a really nice time here, up to that Pirate loss when we packed up our ball and went home.  Thanks Rachel for organizing the event and Benjamin's for all your tasty treats, see you at the next event
