4	My favorite home goods store by far! I purchased a streamline blender for the upcoming smoothie season. $50 discounted to $40... A real plus! I'm eyeing an upgraded water filtration system for my next purchase... A wise investment & quite the front runner to Vegas tap!
4	Sometimes I just walk in here for no apparent reason. The store just calls to me and says I have something you want. The product quality is good and if you ever have any problems there is no hassle with returns. The prices are good and there are always coupons in the mail. One of my favorite sections in this store is the checkout counter with all its neat little gadgets and bag fillers. So many fun things I never knew I needed lol. Convenient location with a lot of parking and other attractive stores. I can't skip this place whenever i stop by the Best in the West shopping center.
3	Checking on laundry hampers, been all over town, and forgot about this place.  I usually do not like it because it so cramp inside.  There is so much inventory, that I feel a little claustrophobic.  Never found my laundry hamper, but the did have some, just priced too high.
4	Yay! I'm a fan.Personally, I think BB&B is overpriced.  Unless you have one of their coupons, I struggle to find value here.  Yet that means one at a time purchases.  Still I cannot deny their quality and selection.  This time, I was after pillows.So picked out the kind of pillow I wanted, but I couldn't find the style I wanted (back/stomach vs side sleeper).  I didn't see anyone I could ask wandering around, so I went up to the cashiers.  The young lady was probably one of the perkiest persons in customer service.  That interaction in and of itself brightened my day, but the result was that the pillow only came in one style.  She couldn't leave her post to help me, but promised to send someone who knew more than her anyway.Now for my second surprise in customer service.  Now when a young man shows up, I only expect a knowledgeable background if we are concerning ourselves with electronics, sports, cars, etc.  Definitely not pillows.  Well I don't mind being proven wrong especially in such a pleasant manner.  Turns out some time ago the store had some returned pillows due for disposal (I was also glad to hear used pillows don't make their way back into circulation).  Instead of just throwing them out into the trash, he did a little exploratory surgery.  He found out all the differences there were to correlate with price.  Add the fact he was more than happy to share, I was impressed.It's almost a shame this team isn't running the place the whole time, but that just wouldn't be fair.  Even the manager was friendly and willing to (wo)man a register when needed.  This BB&B isn't even close to me; I only stumbled upon it after trying to avoid some highway congestion.  Yet because of those three, I've visited more than once.
5	Today I stopped in before closing to pick up a probe thermometer and had the most wonderful customer experience. The item I grabbed had been returned by someone that claimed they never opened it, but it was clearly used so I called the store to find out when they closed so I could get an exchange. They were closing in 3 minutes, but kept a register on and waited for me to come back to the store so I could exchange it, after closing time. Made my day.
4	Love this store and the 20% off coupons I recieve from them in the mail. This store is always clean and well stocked and there never seems to be a shortage of items I am intending to buy. The employees are always helpful and courteous, not alot to complain about when it comes to this store. Bonus is that it's located in a shopping center than includes alot of other stores that I frequent.
1	Incredibly rude staff. I asked for help with a curtain pattern and two staff members bickered over who had to help me. Also when I went to check out another two staff members were arguing at the cash register. I will never be back!
4	If you sign up to receive mail or email offers, they send you coupons frequently. Waiting for one of the 20% off coupons totally pays off. I couldn't find an item I was told they carried, so an employee ordered the item of their website and had it delivered to my home. I was still able to use the coupon too.
4	Love their 20% discount and return policy...
