5	Happy New Year 2014 !It was a 5 star experience working with LANI. Her work is fabulous. When i moved from California to Tempe. I was bit skeptical about continuing treatment in Tempe,AZ. However i was amazed to work with her(Electrolysis).She really gets all her ducks in a row. And not only that, she also guided me what to apply on face seeing acne on my face. She asked me to stop using the crap and stick to Cetaphil facial cleanser by Galderma which works wonders to my skin. It is available over the counter anywhere from Walgreens,CVS etc.Above all she is very nice human being,very caring, empathises you.I am continuing my treatment with her.I love visiting her.She is incredible and amazing person.I admire creative side of her too.photo.jpg
5	Happy Valentines Day in advance ! I had a phenomenal experience visiting Lani on my 5 th visit. I have started Laser Treatment as well for my underarms. I was taking Electrolysis for underarms for a long time however Lani guided me to switch to Laser only for underarms for rest of areas  i am still continuing Electrolysis. She did Electrolysis on one arm and Laser on other. And yes i saw a difference. In First week i saw there was some growth on Laser one but there was less growth on arm with electrolysis. That made me think Electrolysis is better however in next 3 weeks i saw the growth on Laser was just the same and arm with Electrolysis had more and more growth.Also i had shade(dark ) on underarms i always thought how to correct it.Thought of using pubic stone on same. However didn't had to since in one visit only the shade was lighter.Today was my second visit and had got both underarms done in 15 minutes i was completed. Lani takes amazing care in doing treatment. And doesn't leave a spot of hair.Its always very warm and relaxing session.Hospitality and good vibes are 100 % assured. Thanks Angel Lani for bringing radiance in my life through your work and words and advise. It feels amazing. I always come happy after visiting your office.
5	I've been going to Lani for a while and she is always laughing and smiling. She makes you feel comfortable right away. She has great prices and you can tell she cares a lot. I wouldn't go anywhere else!
5	I have had laser treatments and electrolysis done by Lani. I have been seeing her off and on for about 8 years. I had laser treatments done to my bikini line. If you have gone anywhere for a consultation on laser, they will tell you how many treatments they anticipate it will take based on your hair and skin. Her treatments were effective in the amount of visits she said it would take, which means that the cost was what I had anticipated. I appreciated that greatly. I also saw her for electrolysis. It was effective and eliminated my problem. After I got pregnant, my hormones went out of control, and I again had a problem. I went back, and she fixed it. She is wonderful to work with because she is easy to talk to and takes care of you. Her office is relaxing, and you will feel like a friend. I have appreciated her so much and know that anyone that sees her will appreciate her work.
5	I have used Lani for electrolysis for the last 8 years. She is professional, reasonably priced, convenient, and good at her job! I am happy to recommend Lani and her staff!
