4	Good size store that is clean with friendly staff that are helpful. Real good selection of polos and tees. Also good selection of items on sale from there already good prices. Recommend to anyone looking for polo gear for a good price.
2	When "discount outlets" started appearing about 20 years ago, they were great!  Now, not so much. In the beginning, it was a great way for stores to get rid of their overstocked merchandise. Now, they have just added extra lines just for this distribution channel.  See my review of Coach Outlet. http://www.yelp.com/biz/coach-factory-outlet-glendale#hrid:aIViAW1uXVxHIBB12qoIAAPolo is no exception. Men's button down Oxford shirts are advertised as $64.99, less a special store discount of an additional 30% off. I have never been here when there wasn't a special store discount of 30% off!  Okay, so about $46 or so. Both, Dillard's and Macy's have nearly the identical discounts and pricing. Second, rather than the heavy duty 100% cotton Oxford shirts, they are now carrying a lighter weight blend for similar prices. A knock-off if you will of their own product. Wow!So why shop at an Outlet, when your favorite major retailer can meet or beat these prices?  In the future, I will take a pass.  Sorry!
3	I shop the sales here and always do well. Their quality has never changed over the past 30 years and with the outlet store I get it at a value price.
1	I will never go into this store again!I was treated rudely!I asked for a top for Palazzo pants and the young service associate did not know what they were she said excuse me I will be right back! All of a sudden  this old blonde trying to be preppy  yells out in a very loud voicePalazzo pants? I've never heard of those! She approached me in a loud defiant manner. Yes I said defiant! She continued loudly about how she had never heard of them!!!! I was very embarrassed. Everyone in the store was looking at us. I lowered my voice and said that they do exist as she should look them up in the dictionary or maybe the runways in New York. She judged me by the way I was dressed Succeeded in not only embarrassing herself but the store! Beware a senior citizen has  run amok and sadly lost a good customer for their store!!!!!!!
