3	Fortunes is one of the few places in the strip to grab a coffee or espresso. They also supply general coffee goods: beans, pots, etc. and I've bought glass french press pot replacements from them. Prices are reasonable. Staff are friendly. Not really a place to hang out so much as a shop and a get and go for coffee. Table and chairs are set outside in good weather.Atmosphere is functional more than aesthetic. Discount if you bring your own coffee cup.
5	My favorite bean in the Burgh! I have had many a cup of coffee hear and none of them bad. They roast much of their own beans and have an ample selection. Well worth trying.
4	One of the best in the strip!!!
5	To die for, especially for those who are crazy about coffee!! This place serves great coffee and also sells the widest array of whole-bean I have ever seen.  It is fun to sit and sip on a cup of coffee while they roast right in front of you.The biggest selling point for me was the outstanding array of fair trade coffee they had to choose from!  Thank you, Fortunes!This place is definately great to grab a good book and chill out for an afternoon on the Strip District!
4	I just began dabbling in the art of the espresso and have always had this place in the back of my head for when I got a machine of my own. They have sacks of beans that are roasted for that week only and will grind the beans for you to the consistency you desire.I'm a newbie when it comes to coffee and espresso so I came into the store a few days ago with a bunch of questions. The girl there was very helpful and pointed me away from the espresso beans on display and said for a really good espresso they blend three beans on request. I told her I'd be back in a few days when I got my new machine.Today I biked down and spoke to the manager of the store who was just as helpful. She made the blend for me which was something smooth, something mocha, and something dark. I can't remember the actual names. She ground the beans for me in a burr grinder (the only way to grind espresso nicely) and told me they were fresh enough that I could maaaybe squeeze a month out of them. The connoisseurs out there might disagree with that statement but a beginner like me would never know the difference. Knowing the special flavor you get out of a freshly ground espresso I made a cup, unadulterated, the second I got home. It created a nice caramel colored crema that was about 1/4" thick and was the darkest espresso I think I'd ever had (not saying much but still a compliment!). It was really good and really bitter in only the way a great espresso can be. Those of you who enjoy IPAs and really hoppy beers will understand how "bitter" can be used in a good way.I'll definitely be back since it's a quick ride down the street. I'm sorry to say I haven't really tasted their in-house drinks except once a year ago. I honestly can't remember what I had or how it tasted but a place that roasts and grinds their own beans should definitely know how to make a killer coffee drink. Lemme know if I'm wrong!
4	Oh, heyyy-ayyy, buried bookmark.  Nice to see you again.Fortunes served the best coffee we tried in Pittsburgh and had the most engaging and upbeat baristas.  Best part is the old-fashioned coffee roaster and barrels full of beans.  Lift, sniff, pack a bag for home.  I truly appreciate a self-contained coffeehouse doing everything on site.  And Fortunes is a completely unassuming and modest one.  Even better.
2	no. no. no.  $5 credit card minimum.  no bathrooms . . . and you sell coffee? good brew but why bother having tables if you don't have a place for customers to go?
3	I'm not a gourmet coffee fan.  For the most part I think gourmet tastes like dirt, or is way to strong.  With that said the coffee here was pretty good.  It was a bit annoying asking for a coffee and having to look at the board as to which one I wanted.  The house blend was nice though.  The place is cozy looking.  The staff was friendly.
5	I go here to buy coffee and for the occasional espresso before work.  The coffee has always been high quality and inexpensive - most varieties are around $10/lb which is certainly cheaper than any other whole bean you can find, even in supermarkets.  (that 8 oclock crap is roughly $8 for a 12 ounce bag, meaning $12 a pound, for THAT).  I am a dark roast fan - big fan of Fortune's French Roast and Espresso Roast.  They have a variety of dark, light,. blends, flavored, and decaf.  The people there have been consistently nice even when I went in the first time and didn't know how to work the grinder because I'm a jagoff.  The way the cafe is set up reminds me of the cafes in Italy where you are meant to come in, throw some hot espresso down your throat, maybe sit a while if there are any chairs open, maybe chat a while before going about your day.  I have no complaints.
4	Good Coffee and Travel Advice!  What more can you ask?A buddy and I decided to explore the strip district one Saturday and found this gem of a coffee shop.    We ordered a couple a Cappuccino's.    The employees were very nice and provided some good insight on what to see and visit.The Caps were good, the vibe was great and it is in the heart of the Strip District.   A strong recommend.
5	First I want to say I LOVE coffee & I don't even understand the people writing reviews on here that DON'T drink or like coffee!!!!  So please look at the reviews of actual coffee lovers!!   I LOVE the Fortunes Coffee's.  We don't live there but stumbled into this place while walking down the Strip District.  I bought their Pumpkin Spice coffee & brought it to my son's house there to brew.  It was AWESOME!  So I had to go back & buy plenty more of both reg & decaf.  Now everytime we go back to Pittsburgh we have to go there & stock up.  If you want good tasting coffee, get it there!  The people there are very nice & helpful also!  I am drinking a cup of their coffee right now here in Florida & about to order some on their website!  YUMMY!!
