4	Jump Street is pretty much a childhood dream of mine come true. A big ass warehouse where everything is made out of giant trampolines... you gotta be kidding me! Awesome! Even though my lovely lady and I are well into our 20's... we are still children at heart... so we were more than excited to go and check this place out a couple weeks after it first opened. What you get here is no frills building about the size of a football field, which has giant trampoline floors... there are even trampolines on the wall to jump off of. Additionally there are trampoline dodgeball courts and various other novelties. You pay a flat rate of about $10 for an hour... and you get to go let loose and bounce around like a little kid. When we went there was a pretty high concentration of high school age kids... but we definitely weren't the only 'adults'... so if you're worried about being a creepy old person if you go... don't sweat it. We had a lot of fun... being in a building full of trampolines is pretty much just as cool as it sounds (if that's your sort of thing). If you have kids, it might be a fun diversion for them too. We had a great time... but be forewarned; jumping on trampolines is more strenuous and tiring than you might think... after about twenty minutes we were dead tired and heaving for air. Maybe that's what led to us getting our asses kicked by a few high schoolers in a rather lopsided dodgeball match (that's my story and I'm stickin to it). This is just one of those novelty places... something to do on a random weekend to mix things up a bit. Even if you never go back, it's a fun experience. 3.75/5.
4	Actually, 4 and half stars.We organized a couple of fundraisers for our group. Groups receive 15% off. Went on Saturdays and Sundays. Avoid Saturdays because it gets really busy. Lots of kids running around. Staff try to supervise as much as they can but I think its an accident waiting to happen. You can have a birthday party for your kids and order food from there or bring your own. Works pretty well. Kids will have a blast here.
5	Indoor trampolines! What's not to love? $10 Tuesdays & Thursdays.
3	Having kids makes it impossible to keep them entertained during these darn 110* days! Thank goodness for Jump Street! There's a separate area where younger kids (I'm thinking 7 and under) can jump without fear of being trampled by the adults and bigger kids. It also has blowup slides in this area too...definitely a hit with our 2 & 5 year old! Bonus? My husband & I jump FREE because we're with them! It cost $10 for the two kids today and we were there long enough to get them wore out! Dislikes: -It was a busy Sunday with a couple birthday parties going on, the place smelled worse than Chuck E Cheeses with all the pizza, bare feet, and people packed in there..-There were only two registers open with super long lines that in order to get Dippin Dots, I had to wait 10 minutes for everyone to go through their check in paperwork. -Some parents weren't even keeping an eye on their kids that were getting crazy in the younger kid area-climbing on TOP of the blow up slidesWe'll keep coming back until it cools down outside...the kids love it, they're exhausted afterward which means we get a break while they nap, and Dippin Dots are my weakness...
4	We went to jump street with some friends after a brunch to celebrate my birthday! We went on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't that crowded and we had a blast. What a workout! We figured out how to do flips and other tricks by watching others. I will say that it was a bit weird that they don't have more lockers etc to lock items up and the carpet and food set up is a little dated. You also can't bring you're own water which is  a shame because you'll NEED it if you jump a lot.
4	Went for a kids birthday. Everyone had lots of fun, there's places for little kids to jump and big kids. It's just jumping around though, so they got bored after an hour or so. Worth doing every once and a while.
4	When my friend invited me for a group outing to this place, I couldn't really understand the invite~ jumping on trampolines attached to the walls???When I got there, I thought, "kudos to the human imagination"~ what a great place!The place was packed from young to old alike, all having a great time.  I saw a couple of teenagers doing spiderman like moves.  It was just fabulous.Me?  I had a fun kid-like time jumping around laughing.  Oh, and we got a game of dodgeball in too . . . I felt 10 years younger after I left the place from all the jumping and laughing.You got to see it to believe it.  Go check it out!
3	My son loves this place! It's a great place to go with a mom's group or group of friends. They have a separate place for the little ones (7 and under) to jump and play without being trampled by the older kids. They also have a few inflatable slides for the young ones. My only gripe is the customer service, we have been here close to 10 times and every time we come, the staff seems to always be in a sour mood. To many times I have received attitude from a staff member just for asking a simple question. BUT if you don't have to deal with the staff, this place is awesome!
5	my son and a friend went here. they had a lot of fun and would like to go back.
4	My brother first described this place as a warehouse full of trampolines. My first thought to myself was hmm this place sounds dangerous, but when I got there it wasn't at all. There are multiple rows of trampolines and there is padding everywhere so if you fall you don't get hurt. You can try doing flips and all sorts of acrobatic moves knowing you'll have a soft landing. On the other side there is a section made specifically for toddlers and kids; there are some trampolines there as well as some inflatable slides. My 2 year old cousin seemed to be having tons of fun. There are also 2 areas built for dodgeball games, there is a person supervising and you can just play dodgeball on trampolines. You buy by the hour here and they also sell pizza and they have combo's you can get. There are tables where you can eat. This place is definitely a fun place to go but be sure to wear clothes that you can sweat in because you definitely will!
4	I have a 4 & 2 yr old and they love this place. I had their Bday party here and they had a blast with all their friends and family... The best part about it is it's fun, but the kids are also getting a great work out. I jump with my kids for a couple minutes and I can feel the work out :)
4	Having two pre-teen girls I have been to my fare share of "bouncy places". Jumpstreet is by far the culmination of all the latest bounce technology. I suggest they revamp an area for adults to hang-out with more TVs and refreshments.
2	I have been to Jump Street a number of times just to free jump and thought it would be a great idea to bring my son there for his 3rd birthday since he liked the free jump so much. I called ahead as the website suggestes you do and reserved a time for his party. I was given a total cost for the number of guests, pizza, cake and balloons. When I got to Jump Street we were told we'd have an hour of jump time and then the pizza would arrive and we could eat and that would be the end of our time there. It took an hour and half for our pizza to arrive and by then everybody was starving. We were not given drinks with the pizza so my guests were trying to get drinks from the vending machines and I was then told I could purchase drinks from the front counter at an additional price, which ended up being an additional $50. By the time I was waited on and given my drinks another 20 minutes had passed. When we were ready for the cake I was told it was frozen still because someone had forgotten to take the cake out of the freezer when we arrived. So we had to wait another 30 minutes for the cake. You are supposed to be given a "party manager" to help with your event but I only saw mine when I first checked in. There wasn't anyone around to help clean, serve or answer questions. At the end of our lunch time again my party manager wasn't around to pay for my party so I started filling my car up with the gifts from the party. The party manager then came outside as I was filling up my car and demanded payment as if I was trying to leave without paying. I had been filling up my car for about 20 minutes and half my guests were still inside cleaning up what others were paid to do so there was no obvious intent to leave. I follwed her inside to pay for this completely unorganized party and was asked to give a review on my time there but I felt incredibly awkward writing a review right in front of the person who I felt contributed to the downfall of this event running smoothly. I guess all in all my son didn't notice that his party wasn't given the attention it should have been given by the staff since he got extra jump time but as a mother I will not book another party there and I will not suggest this to another mother. Also, my guests do not want to go back there after having seen this take place.
4	Right when you walk in it has a mini arcade, if you could call it that. A couple of message chairs, the kind that they have that never work at the mall. We had paid for the Groupon special, but seems like it wasn't worth it the night we went considering it was only $10 dollars for two hours and this was on a Tuesday. The trampolines are really fun for all ages, they have a kids section of trampolines as well so if you have little ones it's good for. They have a supervisor at the big one so nothing can get out of control. They have a section of obstacle courses for 7 and younger which is a lot of fun for the little ones. They have a foam pit, the rules which are two people at a time and you can only jump 3 times and then have to get back in line. (A tip for the foam pit, don't wear socks you will lose them!) There is a dodgeball court but they had no games going on at that time and at the very end there was a party section.They do have cubbies for where you put your shoes and they have lockers for people with expensive things they don't know stolen, however it's a dollar and every time you open it, it's a dollar. So be sure to get any dollar bills you want for the soda machine out so you don't have to keep paying for the locker.The bathrooms were clean as well, which is a big deal!I will say this is a great place for kids, preteens, and teens. It gives them something to do at night with their friends and keep them out of trouble and those are the kind of places everywhere needs!
5	We hardly ever miss an aerobics class. Great work out.
4	Me and the bf are kids at heart so this isn't the first time we've gone to a trampoline park. We actually came here to count as our workout for the day so we took full advantage. Surprisingly, we weren't the only people above the age of 12 and there were other people practicing flips and doing other crazy trampoline things. We got a great workout having jumping contests and trying to launch each other. I even learned how to do a flip (felt like I was going to die everytime)! This was actually my first time jumping into a foam pit, and it was pretty fun I must say. We missed the basketball hoop that was at another trampoline park, but no big deal. To top it off we both rode the bull, and of course I stayed on forever (you can't challenge the master). Definitely sore the next day. We didn't stay for the whole 2 hours but I still had a great time.
4	I believe this is the original "fill a giant wherehouse space with trampolines" place in the Phoenix area. First, if you've never been to a giant trampoline gym, go. Jump Street isn't a bad place to be your first. Why this place over the others?Jump Street has a mechanical bull. It has dodgeball tournaments (what I did the first time I went, also too bad I'm horrible at throwing so I just stick to jumping).  It has a big foam pit which is fun to try 1 or 2 times. Some things I noticed even though I didn't use it, they have some arcades so you can keep more kids entertained. They also have a bunch of bounce houses for just the little kids too. Being the first to open in AZ the place has a little wear and tear, but nothing relating to the equipment, just worn out seats for the parents to sit. Also this place is missing the basketball hoop and some games that Airwoxx has which makes me like them a bit more than Jump Street.If you don't know, trampolines are an amazing, amazing work out. You will be surprised how tried you'll be after even just a few minutes. This place is also well supervised. Finally it was pretty busy. We went in the middle of the week during the middle of summer at around 6:00 pm. We were able to get our own "strip" of trampoline to ourselves but there was a lot of people there. So all in all, great place to have a little fun, don't worry about how old you are, just go!
3	Jump Street for me was just about Middle Of the Road! i had a good time but nothing that was super special! i went will some of my friends and we all felt the same way fun but we are not dying to go back! it was fun jumping on the trampolines for about 20 minutes then we where done! Then we played Dodgeball and that was fun! There was another group of people that we played with so there was a lot of people playing! I had the most fun playing dodgeball! The facility was clean and the workers were really nice! You defiantly have to go and check it out! It was fun! you might like it more then i did!
5	Great value for kids 7 and under especially if you go Monday thru Thursday... Fifteen dollars and my 2 and 4 year old can play all day and usually do
2	This is a place for the over 8 or 9 crowd for sure. My 4 and 7 year old were not happy.They section it off by age, with the 7 and under crowd in one area and the 8 and over in another.  If you have siblings in the two different age groups, they can't play together, and it is hard to supervise.The younger kids area consists of mostly inflatable bouncy type slides and climbing structures.  The trampoline area for these kids is very small, and can get crowded during busier times.  My 50lb 7 year old was bouncing on the trampoline with crawling infants, not something I was comfortable with, but that is their rule.  The area for the older kids is pretty big, lots of room for bouncing and tricks.  The price is very expensive in my opinion, and without a coupon I wouldn't have paid the $10/kid/hr to go here.  The teenagers that were working on this day looked bored and uninterested.  They were hardly supervising anything.  Seating area for parents is very small.
1	My 4 year old loved this place until the changes we discovered yesterday,  Parents no longer allowed on trampolines with their children.   My son was not happy I could not play with him on the trampolines.  Also, he was instructed he can no longer do "somersaults"  or tumbling.
5	This Jumpstreet is always clean and organized. The staff is friendly and attentive which is important when boys are playing Dodgeball. Even the teens employed there seem to care bout their job (uncommon for teens). We always have a good time there!
1	I'm very unhappy that they discontinued their aerobics class. Most weekends, the class was pretty full. Bring back the class and bring back April. She was an awesome instructor.
4	It can be pricy. Go during the week or keep an eye out for groupon discounts. I hate groupon but I keep it around for these kinda discounts
2	Jumpstreet used to be awesome but they made some changes and it just isn't as cool as it used to be. You cant jump with your kids anymore. If your kid is over age 4, they can purchase an additional wristband, which the parent has to purchase as well, and jump on the general population trampolines along with the grown ups and unruly teenagers. Those are your options. Pay out the nose to try to protect them from the adults, or send them to the under 7 section and stand by helplessly while they get stepped on and you are not permitted on the trampolines. On thing that has not changed about Jumpstreet, the bitchy blond who works the front desk. It was almost like she was enjoying telling us all the things we could not do there. Never once did I get an apology or a please or a thank you. Just awful. I'll go to Airworx from now on.
5	Great place for boys mine never want to leave. They always have a great time. Dont bother paying adult prices unless you plan on jumping. Its well worth the time for adults its equally enjoyable just sitting, relaxing, watching, or taking pictures. Boys are aged 5 and 8 I would say 5-12 is the ideal age, although they do have a little kid area.
3	$20 for two adults to jump around for an hour is a pretty good deal -- except after ten minutes of jumping it was clear that there was NO WAY we were going to last a whole hour. never have I felt so old and out of shape then when I came here on a Thursday night, only to be surrounded by young children and high-schoolers doing crazy back flips and gymnastic routines. and then there was me, jumping up and down in one place and feeling exhausted!it was a lot of fun and a great workout, but after 30 minutes we were DONE.  I wish they sold 1/2 hour passes.p.s. - do not pay the extra $3 to jump in the foam pit, that thing just looks disgusting....
5	Wow after finally getting the guts to backflip this place was so fun! Great way to burn calories in the cool!
4	Jump Street is amazing, my boys love to bring friends here and play dodgeball. They always have a great time.  I give it a 4 because they only have 4 dodge balls per court.  I paid almost $80 for 4 kids/ 2 hours. You would think that some of those funds could buy a couple more balls.  Someone is being cheap!  The option to buy an annual pass would be great!  I would also love to be able to bring some coffee in.  If they sold it I would even buy coffee from them.  Your kids must be at least 8 to play dodgeball and hang out with anyone over 8.  Little kids are kept in a separate bounce house area.  I like this safety precaution.  The big kids can really do some damage to the littles.
4	Jump Street is a fun place to take kids and even for adults. I was surprised how quickly you get tired. I'm in shape and I pretty tired after an hour of jumping. It wears you out quick. The dodgeball area is fun for everyone. There is plenty of room for people to jump even when the place is busy. Don't get too much time like I did or else you will be sitting there after an hour.
1	This place is lame. I don't have a more eloquent way to put it. There is no one in this place on a Tuesday night but myself and my kids. They are only allowed on the 'under age 7' side to jump. Ok, I get it. Parents are only allowed to jump with their kids on the 'over age 7' side. Sorry kids, guess you won't be having fun with mom today. Nonsense.
4	My kids and I enjoyed it there .my 1 year and 3 year old had so much fun on the little kid side . There's 3 big trampoline for them you can't jump with them and that's fine. The place didn't smell like I though it would,great price for the little ones.
3	I think Pump It Up is a lot better for younger kids. This place is better for older kids
3	Fun place, we went on Tuesday with my young ones thinking they wouldnt be busy. We were wrong, this place has groupies guys and girls that go in to show off and they were jumping, flipping and go crazy near my kids in the main area. I think it would be a good idea to designate according to skill and craziness an area for these overzealous teenage showoffs. I'm not jealous, its actually cool to see their abilities but I don't want to have to crane kick them in mid air because my 4 year old is trying to cross and they are just being big gorillas with each other and arent paying attention.
1	Went there for my son's 7th birthday party. We were initially told that we would get out own area for the whole party to jump, separate from all other jumpers but we were not. The jumping areas are blocked off by age so he was not able to jump with his cousins or his younger sisters because they were all either younger or older then him and could not jump in the same area. The bounce house was closed so they gave us a "discount" of about two dollars per kid. We had one table for a total of 30 people so all of the adults had to stand.
3	Fun, not my favorite jumping place, I think pump it up is better, but this place is pretty decent. There is usually an inflatable or two on the side, and then the main trampolines to jump on, and sometimes an area with a foam pit. We use our Pogo Passes for this place, which gets us in for free twice,  and that is plenty for us. If you haven't checked out Pogo Pass, do it! Use promo code TAKE60OFF and get 60% off and then you won't be paying full price to go here!
2	The area for the younger kids is small and in the corner. It's fine for the price $4 for the day. Considering my 3 year old is ready to be done after an hour. However it would be much better if the little kids could jump with their parents. My son doesnt have as much fun without mom helping him to jump higher. We've had more fun at other places.The desk staff are mediocre. I suggest not working somewhere where kids come into if your not going to be excited and pleasant!Also, no water is allowed to be brought in. We live in a desert!!! We shouldn't have to pay to buy your water!!!!!
4	The prices are reasonable, took the family to the one in Chandler and they all had a great time. They need to look into adding more tables and chairs and a concession stand with food!
2	Not a good activity for kids 6 - 7 years old.  This is primarily due to the fact that kids under 8 are not permitted to participate in dodgeball or play on the main trampolines without a chaperone.  We brought our son who is 7 1/2 and his friend who is 7.  Basically their only choices were to play in the 'little kids' are (where they had to avoid jumping on very small children) - or - stand in a long line, jump into a foam pit and get out.  One other attraction was closed, so I'm not sure what ages were permitted in that area.  Probably won't go back even when our son turns 8.
3	Chandler Location - the kids had fun (24 yrs and 7 yes) but the pricing was expensive in comparison to other places we've been. The extra $3 for the fun pass is not worth it at this location. We used a coupon and this place was still more expensive and less impressive than the AirWorx on Ray & Rural. Pay close attention to the pricing because in order to play on everything you have to pay more & Friday through Sunday are premium pricing days. Maybe hold out for one of their specials or something. I will not pay this price again. Just too much money.
3	Jumpstreet is a great summer spot for the young ones. My two year old loves the earthquake area for the 6 (maybe 7?) and under set. They'd get an additional star if it weren't for the snack situation. They don't allow outside food or drinks, but they don't have any kiddo appropriate snacks for sale; only junk like candy bars and Doritos and soda. Not even a bag of pretzels or goldfish to be found.
3	When we arrived there weren't  very many people which was nice, no pushing of children. We went to play the crane games which are my child's favorite. They're ridiculously packed so that no stuffed animal would ever be caught by the weak crane. ALL three machines were packed this way. Waste of money and upsets child. Multiple games were out of service and dirty. One game she played was broken but still took our money and shook around. WOW, what fun. When I tried to get an employees attention to get change, after saying excuse me 3 times she was still too busy talking to her co-workers to notice me. Then another customer walked in and she went right to them without acknowledging that I was standing there. Awesome work, chick. Not happy with this place at all. My child only had fun on the trampoline once other children arrived but if there aren't any, parents aren't allowed to play with their child  so it it's fun for them.
4	First time here with the family and I must say I was impressed. Price was a bit high but it kept my kiddo happy the whole time. I would definitely recommend this place for aduls and children. Jumping just a few minutes is an instant workout by itself. It got me sweating and my heart racing. I plan on making my kiddo's birthday party here.
