4	I have been going to Prestige for my pedicures for quite some time now, and every visit has been great! The staff is very friendly and accommodating, and they have tons of nail polishes to choose from. The salon is very clean and taken care of, and I love how bright and happy it is in there! There has never been a wait, so we get seated right away. Also, all of my pedicures have lasted much longer than any other one I have gotten.
1	Worst nail salon I've ever been to! Though clean, the service was horrible. The nail tech actually sprayed the cleaner while my feet were above it. She took two calls on her cell phone while working on me and both were not short convos. She was completely rude to me and my friend. Do not go here if you're expecting any quality or decent customer service
4	They have a good selection of gels which is what drew me in.  The price is just decent- it wasn't cheap but it didn't break the bank.
2	Ok...the chair for my pedicure didn't slide back enough ...I have long legs and my knees were in my chest. A typical pedi is about 45 minutes...not here...she was almost done 20 minutes in. Just a disappointment when I look forward to the 45 minutes.The place was clean and plesant...just wanted more!  Great if you don't have a lot of time...but not if you want to relax.
4	The Staff is super friendly and are always willing to get me in.  The pedicure I received last visit was wonderful, super massage!  Very clean & lots of choices. Love that they are open on Sunday!
1	Horrible customer service experience. I called ahead of time and asked about a coupon I received. When I arrived and at checkout it was a different story. Shady customer business the girl tried to keep coming up with excuses on why she wouldn't take their money mailer coupon then said they charge $5 for trimming down my nails.  The nails themselves are okay, the gel doesn't look great though and has tons of bubbles. Either way we won't be back, I think there are better quality businesses in the local area to support then their lack of business ethics here. Avoid them at all costs, go elsewhere!!!
5	They have always been very friendly and accommodating.  Very clean and all new chairs.  I am 5'9 and the chairs fit me perfectly.  Great value and service.  Large selection of services and products.
4	I thought the pricing was on par with every other place in the area.I loved the chairs. My gel mani was awesome- she even massaged my shoulders while my polish dried.My pedi was just as great! I thought the staff was super friendly. I also had a coupon- and they had no problem with it (like the other review I read)
1	Gave this place 2 chances- horrible. The first time the last filed my nails so thin they didn't recover for weeks. The second time the lady who did my nails was in such a hurry she got polish on my skin and left weird black specks in my nails. I asked her to fix it and she told me to come back later. Ummmm no. Two chances too many!
2	Went in as a walk in for a pedicure and acrylic fill in.  The staff was nice and the place is clean. Buttttttt I've definitely had better pedicures. The fill in and shape up on my nails was great but the paint job was too thick. I guess the polish was old in which case they should've used a new one on me. Long story short, my nails weren't dry after they said "yes you're dry we used a fast dry topcoat" and they all smudged. I just politely asked them to remove them all. I was over it.
3	I don't clearly remember when I went in to get my nails done but I was a virgin at having my nails done - meaning the first time having them professionally done with the acrylic and all those nail terms.I was always hesitant in getting my nails done because I was afraid of conflict at my job working in a fast past restaurant. However, I decided to give it a try and see what it would be like to have "fake nails" lol. I came in as a walk in and looked at the brochure that was at the front desk then I was asked what kind of service I was looking for and I said I wanted to get my nails done. The man in the front of their small desk-like reception told me to sign my name down on the clip board. So I did and sat down, I was not sure what to expect since it was my first time. The decoration and layout of the place is pretty nice and has a fancy touch to it. The display of nail polishes of varieties of colors are categorized in two sections: regular and gel nail colors - you won't be able to tell the difference unless you have been getting your nails done for a while - for me. I thought it was very unprofessional of them to have those colors not organized - it was very messy. While I was sitting down, I do not remember how many minutes that i was to wait until they would call out for me. All I could see were people coming through the door and immediately taken in before me and I was surprised - but perhaps they either made an appointment or they were top paying and regular customers to which were shown a much different type of treatment because of the latter. Oh and if you are a group of women - they will cater to you a.s.a.p = more money for them.Their service to be quick and efficient is a very nice motto as do all salons with asian employees believe in the same and perform this motto, however, not all salons will give you that "spa" feeling experience. From what I have read on other reviews not receiving a positive visit here, I can understand why it's not satisfying.When I was finally called in, I was assigned to a guy nail technician who didn't say much and used my hands and fingers as a gesture of his way of showing me his work. I honestly told him that I wanted to get my nails done and this was my first time here. I was scared and unsure how I wanted to get my nails so I went the safe route of getting the french tip style. So while I sat down I watched him do my nails, I intently watched him because I never have gotten my nails done before so I figured why not watch and see how it is done. : )I don't know how nails are supposed to be done because it was my first time but I am sure to those who have experience getting their nails done will share that with everyone so they have an idea of what to expect.I thought it was really done well the way he did my nails and the other guy who was sitting up in the front of their small desk-like desk came over and started to massage my hand and rubbing the oil. Prior to that, there was a lady who came over and quickly filed my nails. I was being serviced by three people. I guess I was lucky but wondered if it was like this for every person that came in here to be pampered.To get my nails done came out to about 55$ or so and I thought well this is scottsdale. lolAfter that I went to work and talked to my co-worker who has been getting her nails done for 8 years and shared her knowledge with me. She told me that the pink on my nails were not a true pink and the place was very famous for doing nails that were prone to chipping after a few days because of her friend's experience from getting her nails done there. I was a bit afraid and had hoped it would not be true about the nail chipping but maybe a few days later my right nail chipped from opening a door and I was bummed about it.  a few more days down the road two of my nails chipped and I wondered i was really bummed out. So much for my first time experience at getting my nails done, but I realized it's part of learning of how salons work and places that are good or bad - this salon happened to be okay but wouldn't recommend to get your nails done unless you want to fully experience it yourself.
