5	rise up is amazing for several reasons:1. rise up is a non profit organization that does humanitarian work helping children get educated around the world. clearly awesome.2. clothing line is good for everyone. i was able to buy a birthday present for my best friend, my brother, my mother, and my father all at one store.3. decor of the shop. from the art, to the gurney, to the church pew. everything means something. the 'kill  your tv' installation is epic. 4. the record player. all the music in the store is on vinyl, so you can come in and choose a record to listen to while you shop. i chose radiohead. clearly a good call.
5	Rise up is "an organization that seeks to empower, provide opportunity, and hope, for those living in difficult circumstances." Rise Up has cool t-shirts. They have a specific Rise Up brand with very cool designs, and the shop also sells OBEY. I very much like that a portion of the proceeds for all sales at this store, as well as an additional portion of Rise Up branded merchandise goes to help people around the world and specifically in the Phoenix area and around Arizona.We very much liked the art on the walls at Rise Up too. It is currently by a Phoenix artist named Michael David Little. Cool cool images. We liked it so much in fact, that when we found out that the painting we especially liked on the wall at Rise Up was already sold, we found out where his studio is, went there, and purchased a piece right off the wall there.
5	The place is great, the merchandise is quality and very reasonably priced. I paid $10-$15 more for my OBEY shirt at some stupid corporate chain. They have a lot of unique items, shirts, etc. that I have not seen anywhere else.The store is small and intimate and comfortable.Cool stuff for a cool cause.And the staff is super friendly and down to earth.Enough said.
5	So today at 4 p.m. I decided to take a drive downtown because I'm considering submitting some pix for Digital Downtown. I take the route I do M-F for work and park in someone else's spot under the soon-to-be-razed Patriot's Park. The music from Adult Swim at Hotel San Carlos filled the air as I approached Adams and Central. As I'm walking north on Central, I passed Rise Up then turned around and went in. I was asked if I came from or was going to the roof-top pool party; I responded "no." In lower case, even. I mentioned that I read about the shop on Yelp and he was familiar with the site. Sweet! I found two shirts that I could not live without and he even went through a dresser to find one in a smaller size for me. Double sweet. I horkin' love this place! From the clothing to the "Kill Your TV" instalment to the vinyl playing on a rad old record player, it moved me.
