5	Yay!!! SO HAPPY they've opened a location in central Phoenix! Super cute decor, same awesome flavors as their original location in Scottsdale.  I was so happy to see they had Honey Lavender in the case today, their grand opening! Creamy, delicate flavors. My 5 yr old daughter chose the Lemon Shiso (Lemon plus a Japanese herb-like leaf...delicious flavor, but I'm surprised she chose that, as it usually appeals to a more mature palate! My girl's got great taste!) Also, this new location accepts all major credit cards, including AMEX!
5	Sweet Republic is great, I love that they use all natural ingredients and they really try to bring new flavor combinations and profiles to the public.  The owners are pretty darn nice and the store is much roomier than their closest competition (Churn on Central).  I can find nothing to fault about the store and their product!We have options near the central corridor when it comes to ice cream, but for my money I think Sweet Republic is gunning for the top spot.  Their space is more accommodating, their flavors are more unique and their quality is top notch.Do yourself a favor and order the roasted homemade marshmallow on top!  And while you are at it, tell them Tim sent you! (They wont have any idea who Tim is by the way...)
5	So good, not just your basic vanilla ice cream. All home made ice cream and you can tell when you taste it, they are also super nice here! Reccomend the salted caramel!
5	All fresh natural ingredients.  Everything I tried was awesome & they sell Bacon Brittle.
5	I've kicked my Skinny Cow choco-mint sammys to the curb and I do declare the way to this man's heart is two scoops of salty/sweet creamy lovin, any flavor any time.Doin it and Doin it and Doin it well (3x)
5	In my opinion, there are only two places in this town to get ice cream: Sweet Republic and Churn. Otherwise, save yourself the calories. You're welcome.
5	In a span of just a few days, I've been here for their popular toffee banofi sundae, a pint of salted butter caramel ice cream, and a triple chocolate milk shake -- all superb. The quality of the artisan ice cream served here is phenomenal; you can really taste the difference in freshness and richness compared to gigantic-batch commercial ice cream, or even the ice cream in other mom 'n pop joints.
5	Really like this place. Favorites:  medjool date, Meyer lemon, and Mayan chocolate. Service is friendly and prompt.
4	Stopped by asahi bakery to order a cake and found this new location next door. Always consistently good ice cream. Tried the newest flavor - peaches and cream and it was yummy. Glad to see them expanding. 3rd location is in terminal 4 somewhere.
5	I like that they not only have ice cream to serve immediately,  and my favorite dessert is pecan turtle, but they already have prepackaged pints of different interesting flavors. The first time I went there the waffle was amazing, the second time not so much. I hope it was just an accident and wont get worse. You can get your bag of big marshmallows too, while you are there.
4	I got the Peaberry Espresso and Belgian Chocolate. Free sprinkles and smiles! I tried the Mayan Chocolate, which had a nice kick of habanero at the end. I would go back to try the milkshakes and sundaes. Also the sorbets! It's been a while since I've had a good mango sorbet.
4	I need to go back and try it again.  I got the mint ice cream, powerfully mint.....real mint, get ready to be mintified.
5	Yes! So happy there's a location closer to where I live. It's located in a shopping strip - it's across the street from The Vig and around the corner from TEXAZ Grill. It's small, but it's got the same charm and feel of the Scottsdale location. Staff are friendly and nice.The malt chocolate chip is awesome. Strawberry sorbet is a delicious way to go if you want something lighter. Coconut sorbet is wonderful, too. Chocolate shake is delish, though a bit thin so if you like your shakes thick you might want to ask them to go light on the milk. Still, it's rich and fantastic.Yum yum yum... can't wait to go back.
5	Delicious ice cream made from great ingredients. Love the mini hot fudge sundae with various ice cream flavors each time! Glad this new location is close to home!
5	Hands down S'mores Sumdae is the best ever. Next time I Want another marshmallow on it because it was so good ! Brother in law got triple play sundae. Love this place.
4	Tasty ice cream. They have lots of unique flavors and combinations. Still doesn't beat my all time favorite Ben and Jerry's, but it's a nice concept and I'll definitely be back!
5	Oh for heaven's sake try this homemade ice cream!! Trust me! They serve up interesting combo of flavors, like lavender honey, sweet corn or green chartreuse ice cream. Plus nothing says gluten like smacking these bold flavors in their homemade sweet, crisp waffle cones or between two house made cookies! I love this place so much I'm buying a t-shirt!
2	Was expecting more from their signature flavor Salted Butter Caramel Swirl. I had read several reviews of it in various Phoenix publications extolling it as a very unique flavor.  It might as well have been just plain vanilla ice cream - very little caramel & hardly any salt. Was so disappointed since I drove 14 miles to get there. I did sample the Lavender Honey flavor and it was very good. It tasted just like lavender smells!  I might stop there again but only if I happened to be in the area.
5	Sweet Republic you satisfy all my ice cream needs. Fancy artisan ice cream, with an innovative selection that's constantly rotating, there is no need for me to cheat on you and try other shops when I'm in Phoenix. Every time I'm in town you do a great job of tempting me with something new and exciting.Churn piqued my interest for a minute and I thought about cheating on you with them this last time but their selection can't compare to yours and so I was faithful and never step foot into their establishment. Now I don't even think twice about where to get my fix. It's all about that Sweet Republic.
4	Sweet Republic is handcrafted and all natural and you can find it in most Whole Foods stores around town.  They have a cute little store front in Scottsdale and one at the airport and good news friends, they are opening one on 16th st in Phoenix soon!!!  I was pregnant when I first became fixated on their bacon ice cream, it was sooo good and I immediately became a fan.  Here we are years later and I still find myself enjoying their treats.  My son is allergic to dairy and they have some great vegan flavors and whenever we are shopping at Whole Foods, he wants nothing more than some strawberry or coconut ice cream.  It's a weekly tradition get dessert here after dinner on Sundays.They have your classic flavors that taste top notch and your not so classic flavors that might surprise you, White Roses, Basil Lime, Chocolate Guinness and I've seen a cheese one on there too.  Don't be scared, tried a little taste and take home a bag of bacon brittle.  You can get a couple scoops, a milkshake or one of their fantastic sundaes
4	Whether I'm jonesin' for a pile of hot fudge and caramel or a refreshing snack on a hot day, Sweet Republic has what I need! Awesome ice cream and sorbet, made from seasonal, local ingredients, it's definitely some of the best I've had in town. It can be a little pricey, but you pay for quality. Personally, I'd rather pay a bit more and know I'm getting the good stuff, then head over to 31 flavours for a ton of corn syrup, dyes and artificial crap. Recently I've had their sweet corn, sea salt caramel, lavender, mint, lime basil sorbet and strawberry sorbet. All were incredible. I had their 'smores sundae, with the sea salt caramel ice cream instead of the chocolate... Ridiculousness! The toasted marshmallow was the icing on the cake. And don't let the slightly odd texture of the sweet corn ice cream put you off. It's worth a scoop. I used to get sweet corn ice cream in Bangkok all the time, and loved it! Their lavender and mint ice creams are both made with actual herbs, so they're both a little strong, a little herby, but my god they're good! I loved the lime basil sorbet. I mixed it with the strawberry sorbet, and it was exactly what I needed on a hot summer day. If you're looking for a great local business to support this summer, and a place where you and the kids can have some great ice cream, I definitely recommend Sweet Republic. Oh! And they've got all sorts of board and card games so you can have your ice cream, and play some Wizard of Oz Monopoly. :)
5	This place is absolutely delicious! I decided I wanted ice cream for dinner (I'm totally okay with this occasional meal replacement). So if I was going to have ice cream for dinner I wanted to make it worth it by getting a sundae. I looked to my Yelp app and Sweet Republic popped up. The reviews were great and I kept seeing pictures of this delicious looking s'mores sundae. One of my loves in life is s'mores, so I was sold when I saw this. My husband and I drove on over, and I of course ordered the campfire s'more sundae. The sundae came in a delicious homemade waffle bowl, which was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. I normally don't like to waste calories on waffle bowls because typically I'm not a huge fan, but I ate every single piece of this one. The Belgian chocolate ice cream had a dense cocoa flavor and was quite rich. It was topped with hot fudge and homemade whipped cream, along with the best part which was a large toasted marshmallow which they torched right in front of you. My husband ordered the Pecan Turtle with salted caramel ice cream, caramel sauce, butter pecans, hot fudge and whipped cream. This was equally delicious as mine although I only had one bite, neither of us were too into sharing on this one. I was nice enough to give him a few bites of my waffle bowl though.I would highly recommend Sweet Republic, especially their sundaes in the waffle bowl, and if you're feeling guilty just have it for dinner instead. I was perfectly full and satisfied with this decision, and will definitely return.
5	Sunday evening ice cream adventure with my niece and nephew landed us here. My nephew has a nut allergy so we needed to find a place that was willing to accommodate this. Sweet Republic was amazing. They were so conscious about the nut allergy even though they were very busy and the ice cream was amazing, some of the best I've ever had. Plus the waffle cones are a homemade recipe and dangerously good! It's been a couple weeks since we went there and I'm still thinking about it! :)
4	Creative and unique homemade flavors of ice cream served up in Central Phoenix!  We were excited to try this place out and it did not disappoint.  The staff was so friendly and welcoming and allowed us to try a few flavors, so we made the right decision.  We ended up with a salted caramel, a brownie swirl and a madagascar vanilla for the pup...everyone was happy!
1	We went out of our way to stop at the new Sweet Republic this afternoon, super excited to try the ice cream we'd heard so many good things about. We ordered, had our ice cream in our hands, and when the cashier gave us our total ($11) I handed her a $100 bill to pay with. She handed it back to me and told me they did not have any change. I didn't have any other form of payment with me- we literally had to put our ice cream down on the counter and leave it there while the cashier told us that there wan't anything she could do, and if we couldn't pay another way we couldn't buy the ice cream. There aren't any signs posted anywhere that say they don't accept large bills. We made a choice to visit Sweet Republic and we were treated like it was our fault/problem that they didn't have change. Bummer.
4	I adore ice cream.  In fact, I consider it a food group.  That said, I couldn't muster up a lot of enthusiasm when the girls started making plans to meet up at an "ice cream shop" over Labor Day Weekend because I make my own.  That said, I was excited to try this place.  The original is too far away to be a destination and I was happy that they had the good sense to open one in my hood.I got there first and set about tasting some flavors.  The plum was delicious, the coffee was transcendental, and everything else was yummy.  I am a huge fan of coffee ice cream so created a sundae out of a waffle bowl, caramel sauce, and maple bacon as the topper.Holy moley, it was just delicious!!!  I enjoyed the helpful staff, the comfortable environs and enjoyed catching up with my buddies.All in all, it was a win!  I'm glad SR is now in central Phoenix and will happily recommend it to ice cream lovers.  Or, as I call it, EVERYONE!
5	I knew it would be love as soon as I heard, "all the ingredients are natural." I am always a fan of businesses that strive for local/natural product. What sold me next was the interesting flavors they offered. There was a Hop Knot IPA ice cream, at first I was skeptical but, WOW, it was actually amazing. I described it as a beer float. As someone who loves beer, I loved sampling this creamy, sweet, beer-flavored, frozen treat. I also sampled the mint chip in which they use REAL mint leaves and it makes all the difference! Very refreshing. I ultimately sided with my all time favorite (and apparently a favorite among most guests) the salted caramel. I loved that salt could actually be picked up when I took bites/licks of the caramel. A little pricey but understandable considering the ingredients used. The man behind the counter who helped me was very informative and kind, appreciated his service! I will come back whenever I'm in this area next and craving some ice cream.
5	I can't believe I haven't written a review yet for Sweet Republic. I moved here from Northern California last year for school and I was in desperate need of quality ice cream. If you know Northern California, there are quality creameries everywhere and I needed something here in Arizona.This place is a local, small business, that produces top quality ice cream. I think they make all the ice cream at the main store on Shea and then deliver it to their store on 16th and the one at the airport. They are rated in multiple national rankings of ice cream and I can't get enough. Their flavors rotate around so you never know what you're going to get when you walk in so I recommend going there. A LOT. They do a lot of seasonal flavors too so some of the flavors are only available for a month or so. Also, all of their toppings like the fudge and whip cream are made in store. Some of my favorite flavors: Horchata, Brownie Swirl, Jameson Irish Cream, Cherry Yuzu Cream Cheese, Peaberry Espresso, Madagascar Vanilla, Milk and Cookies, Salted Butter Caramel, Brown Butter Pecan, Huckleberry, Mayan Chocolate, Fleur de Sel Caramel, and Pumpkin Spice. Some people might complain about the price (a couple of bucks for a single), but it is completely worth it.
4	This place was busy when we were there for a good two hours and the circulation of people were constant. There were a lot of choices of flavor that you can't find in other ice cream shops. I had the Horchata which I have not had this before. It was pretty creamy with a cinnamon taste. From what I've heard their waffle cone was very good too. I will definitely get that too when I am not too full next time.
4	I had been to the one in Scottsdale a few years back and remember not liking it as much as I should have.  I saw that this place was close to where I ate lunch at so I decided to stop in.I ordered the Campfire S'Mores Sundae which was 2 scoops of Belgian Chocolate ice cream, a roasted marshmallow, whipped cream & hot fudge in waffle bowl.  It was pretty solid.  A little steep in price ($8.00) but it was good.  The ice cream is made in small batches and you can tell.  The toasted marshmallow was great.  It was a good sundae.I love ice cream and Sweet Republic makes some good stuff.  Ill check out some of their other items at a later date.
4	After a delicious meal at one of our favorite pizzerias nearby we often walk down to the Sweet Republic Ice Cream Factory. The ice cream is always good and the view of Manhattan is spectacular.
5	I have had Sweet Republic ice cream at Sprouts before.  It was GREAT.  Then after dinner L and G wanted some sweets.  So of course we used Yelp!  OH, Sweet Republic is right down the street.  OH we are so going....  I got a scoop of the roasted almond crunch and coconut in a waffle cone.  I have to say.....Absolu-Fxcking-tely awesome ice cream.  I LOVED the roasted almond crunch.  We were there enjoying the ice cream while they had a steady stream of people coming in.  Come in and support your local businesses.
5	I tried just Belgian Chocolate ice-cream couple days ago at  this place and it was super-delicious!
5	I have always been curious about Sweet Republic, but had never made the trip to Scottsdale to try their main location.  Now that they've opened a location in Central Phoenix, I have no more excuses.  My girlfriend and I were looking for an ice cream spot on a Saturday but we've already been to Churn and Mary Coyle's just closed its doors.  Boom, Sweet Republic time.  Their new location occupies what used to be Asahi Bakery, just a a few doors down from the iconic Golden Phoenix Chinese building.The flavor varieties here are more unique and funky than any ice cream parlor I've been to in Arizona.  They've got signature ice cream combos, milkshakes, floats, as well as a gazillion ways to customize your own ice cream and toppings.  Among some of the more unique we found were earl grey tea, and honey lavender (my girlfriend ended up getting a scoop of each).  I was torn so I asked the girl behind the counter for a recommendation.  Without hesitation she told me their signature sundae was their Toffee Banofi.  2 scoops of ice cream (I went with Madagascar Vanilla and Salted Caramel), almond toffee brittle, bananas, caramel sauce and whipped cream in a waffle bowl.  Total price for both of our items including tax and tip was $15.  I really liked the honey lavender my girlfriend had.  The earl grey was also unique, though not really my thing.  Both of her scoops tasted very light.  As for the Toffee Banofi, this thing was a grand slam.  For starters, the presentation is pretty amazing (and almost intimidating) as they stack the toppings high.  I finished it, though I'm sure its meant to be shared by two.  The salted caramel was a perfect accompaniment for the hearty chunks of toffee.  And they didn't skimp on the bananas either.  The waffle bowl was was of the best waffle bowls I've ever had (seriously).  Not sure whats in their batter but that alone will keep me coming back here.So yes, Alton Brown, Time, Food & Wine and Thrillist were dead on about this place (and the Toffee Banofi).  Great ice cream, great toppings, great variety, local ingredients, environmentally conscious.  The Scottsdale location is where it all began, but this new location in central Phoenix is where I first fell in love with Sweet Republic.
5	Chef Helen Yung, you made a guy who didn't really like ice cream, LOVE IT!! I will follow Chef Helen Yung to any restaurant, ice cream joint, pop up kitchen, festival or house party!! This gal owns the kitchen!! Holy shit I sound like a stalker, trust me I'm not!! Your mint ice cream is my fav, wait, no, it's the brownie swirl or is it the chocolate? No, it's the ice cream sandwich with those damn cookies (positive damn) with cookies cream ice cream. Or is it the rocky road with the homemade marshmallows? Yeah, I've been here that many times. Not sure which is my fav, but give this place a try if you haven't and figure out yours. Chef Helen, thanks for the additonal 5 lbs I need to run off. I'll do it while I follow you around town! JK!!!
4	Great gelato.  Some unusual flavors too. Experimentation is good!  Great place to stop after dinner nearby or just when you get a sweet craving.
4	Smells so good like fresh waffles the moment you walk in. Been wanting to try this place since it was hot and well who doesn't want ice cream when it's hot?ALMOND BUTTERCRUNCH- creamy and great taste- a bit too sweet for meSERVICE: the staff members were friendly and greeted everyone. Samples are allowed. There was also a self-serve water dispenser which was great.ENVIRONMENT: tables inside and outside depending on how large the group is. Similar to any ice cream shop but with more modern decor.Overall, I would come back to Sweet Republic if I visited Phoenix again. I wouldn't say it's the best ice cream I've had (props goes to Bi-Rite in San Francisco) but it's not bad. Give it a try when you need a tad of sweetness in your life!
5	Yum, yum and yum.  Salted caramel ice cream with salted carmel and butter sauce?  World, I'm ready for you to end.
4	Great little cream shop! Stopped in for desert one night on a whim and was not disappointed! Friendly people, and salted caramel ice cream, so delish!
5	One of our our guides recommended we try this place out and so we did. We spoiled ourselves with a root beer float.The only thing missing was some peach fruit. Prices are steep but how often do you over indulge? There were plenty of tables to sit at outside on Market Street. Check out their menu as there is some type of ice cream treat for everyone.
5	A sweet treat, and a great change from the norm, Sweet Republic has a nice variety of "homemade" artisen flavors, and some not-so-basic toppings that satisfied me and peeps sweet teeth. (Yes, we have several).I would have tried the hot fudge sundae or that no.1 item on the menu with fresh banana slices, The Banofi (their signature), but because I'm having banana pancakes in the morning (with chocolate chips), I decided on something caramelly and marshmallowee...Are you serious - ROASTED?This is difinently a bucket item for anyone who has ever sat around a campfire...nice touch. I'll be back for more!
4	Super cute interior, very retro and fun!Loved the quirky type of flavors they had and I had to sample a few before I could decide on which one. I was hoping the Earl Grey would be the one, but the tea flavor wasn't as strong. I ended up getting the Salted Caramel and got Bacon Brittle on top- yes ... Bacon Brittle. The ice cream is very creamy, melts quickly and has a more mellow milk flavor to it rather than the actual flavoring itself. It's not the best ice cream I've had (sorry), but believe their ice cream base is too much on the milky side. The bacon brittle was crisp, crunch, good smokey flavor from the bacon with that hint of saltiness which went well with the ice cream.The service was good, I was able to sample a few flavors and I got my ice cream quickly. Decent pricing to keep you from overindulging. Love the flavor concepts they have here and the toppings as well! Would love to come back for that sundae with roasted marshmallow on top.
