5	Located inside a renovated firehouse near downtown Pittsburgh, this museum and winery offers tours by appointment and for special events such as fundraisers.  Open since 2007, it has an extensive collection of baseball memorabilia and is dedicated to Roberto Clemente. The museum was a great experience for me and I hope I get the opportunity to return since it is select admission for special events and tours only.
5	great collection.  was here for a private event, i think that is currently the only way to check out the place.  it is a unique gem and i am hopeful it opens up to the public at some point soon so everyone can enjoy it.
4	This is such a beautiful space! I'd passed by here on so many occasions but had never peeked inside. Half of the reason might be because I'm not an insane baseball fan, but still, I learned you don't necessarily need to be to come in!It's an old firehouse and they're restored it spectacularly. I could imagine having a small wedding or party here easily. That's why I popped in finally. It's interesting to check out all the memorabilia and artifacts they've collected from Roberto Clemente's career and even just baseball artifacts in general. If you're a baseball fan, you 100% have to stop in and check it out! If you're not, but maybe looking for a unique space to host an event, this should be on your list to check out!
4	This is my favorite venue in all of Pittsburgh and that is saying a lot!  It is tucked away at the corner of Penn and Butler Street.  There is not a lot of parking but street spots available and two small lots.  The museum offers tours that need to be prescheduled and I highly recommend doing so that you can hear the stories behind all the cool items in the collection.  The venue is great for a private event and I have been to two events within this space that were both a lot of fun.  They have a bottom and top floor that can hold up to about 100 people.  Also the wine cellar is just amazing and they make their own wine here!
