4	What a little gem of a place.If you are afraid of harsh lighting, stay away from this place.  I'm serious; the lighting is fluorescent and it will enhance every flaw you have.  Don't go here on a first date; just sayin'.Apart from that, though, this place is really cool.  It's cheap, there are plenty of pool tables, a cute little patio for smokers, and the bartender on weekends (Angela?  Andrea?  Something like that) is pretty awesome.  For whatever reason, there is a twelve inch Urkel doll behind the bar, which is amazing.  They also offer an Irish tequila (?!?!) that's two bucks a shot.  Can't beat that, right?
3	Oh man, I'm not sure I'd refer to this place as a gem as Aero F did, but I suppose it serves its purpose in getting people drunk and providing a spot to play pool that doesn't charge the ridiculous prices of Cue Club up the street.  The whole place makes you feel a little bit dirty as you get your drink on.  No windows, that freaky fluorescent lighting, and just a generally run down feeling complement CHEAP drinks ($1.75 strong wells and beers) and free pool every day from 3-6p.If you want to work on your pool game like I need to do, and don't mind feeling like a weirdo for not having a confederate flag on your shirt like I didn't, then go to Q and Brew and get hammered and play pool.One last thing - bring some dolla bills, because there is NO music on unless someone rocks the Jukebox.
5	Someone already said exactly what my first line was going to be... but seriously, this place is a GEM.  I've been coming here for years and love it.  This place is definitely a dive bar, but it's clean and super spacious. I'd say there's about 15 tables, and you can always find one open... free pool for a couple hours every day, 50cents per game, or you can play by the hour.  Cheapest drinks in town, hands down.  The bartender is awesomely friendly (seriously, I LOVE her), and the owner is there every day and he is also awesome.  Tons of parking, clean bathrooms, you can watch whatever you want on TV, pinball, big patio, and you feel safe.  Weirdos every now and then, but where isn't there? Bright lights, but better than the flashing lights and crazy loud music and overcrowdedness down the street on Mill.  Join a pool league, and tip your bartender well, please!
4	Straight up Pool Hall....lots of tables, straight sticks, cheap beer and a horrible selection of music on the juke box...so bring lots of quarters for the juke box and your friends because you are sure to have a good time!
5	This place is legit. Straight-up dive pool hall. And I LOVE it.I came here with a friend for the first time last week to shoot some pool. The place was pretty busy and it seemed to have a good amount of regulars. One guy even offered to help us out since it was our first time there. Get here early if you want a 8-foot table. Best part - to get a rack for a table is only $3 for the entire night!We showed up around 10 and since the tables were taken, we jumped on a 7 foot table and played a few. The drinks were good and cheapish and the bartender was really friendly- always adds a star in my book. I'll definitely be back here.
5	Q and Brew is another Tempe institution, and for good reason. While everything and everyone else changes, they stick to the same old thing, and in this case it's good. This is a large pool hall with a well stocked bar, and lots of room. Drinks are cheap and the pour is always strong! Bartenders are amazing and pleasant to chat with. They have some random snacks but nothing too substantial. Also, there are pool league nights and free pool from 3 to 6pm. This is a great place to spend a weeknight with some friends or shoot pool on a Saturday night, definitely include Q and Brew on your bar hopping list!
3	Cheap booze!  Cheap booze!  Oh, did I say Cheap booze!What an awesome Dive-Pool Bar!  This place has a huge number of pool tables to play.  The night that I went, there was a pool league playing, so the place was full of true pool player.  And THEN... there was the group that I met.  We occupied 2 tables in the back and made a constant beeline to the bar where I was so happy to discover that the drinks were extremely cheap.  I'm big on  hanging out, terrible at pool, so I took up refuge at the bar.  I don't remember the bartender's name, but shout-out to one of the bad-assed coolest bartenders I've come across.  She was so cool and down to earth.  I love a bartender that likes to talk since I like to talk too.  I had 2 or 3 cocktails for less than $10 on a Wed night.  Life couldn't be sweeter!  I recommend that you order your drinks and let the bartender hold on to your credit card so you pay the credit card fee only once.I'm not a fan of juke boxes, but they have a CRAZY jukebox in there for music.  Bring a pocket full of coins.  You'll have fun just selecting the music.I NEVER would have gone to this place if I'd just judged it from the "outside looking in", but I have a friend who goes there every week because of the cheap drinks on Wed and I'm happy I went there.  You will be too!
5	Personally I believe Q and brew to be one of the best places to shoot pool in Phoenix. The tables are kept in great condition (bar size and 9 footers). The tables have plenty of room and the atmosphere is A1. 90% of the time I shoot there you can find topnotch players (not a lot of teenie boppers slamming balls around). If your looking for a game, a place to practice or a place to shoot with friends and have a good time this is the place. Also the hot dogs are really good!
5	This is not a place to pick up chicks. ~Perhaps that's why I love going there as a chick. I don't want to get picked up or deal with a bunch of drama. I can have long conversations with my friends (quiet enough to hear each other), and it's the perfect place to go if you're not feeling it at Yucca Tap (just walk across the parking lot).Also...$3.50 a person for the entire night of pool. $11 pitchers of beer. Outdoor smoking patio where you can bring your beer. $0.25 songs on the new-fangled digital jukebox I never want to spend time scrolling through the seemingly limitless options.
4	They have so many different pool tables here!  I'm amazed by that and how much a pitcher of beer was. Wow.  I must say though, this place does need a fixer-upper inside.  Hire an interior decorator here and I'll give it FIVE STARS
5	First time playing pool at this bar...how come no one told me about this awesome place sooner! Tons of pool tables and lots of space to play in. I don't think their prices have increased since 1981! Talk about a good deal on drinks. Andrea was our bartender. She was super cool, friendly and attentive. Her welcoming attitude really helped make us feel at home even though it was our first time. I lost every game of pool I played, LOL, but now I found a great bar to get some practice at. My new favorite spot!
2	I am overwhelmed by the reviews for this place. I have been to the establishment four or five times and I am shocked that it has such a high rating, perhaps it is because there have been no recent ratings.Yes, the beer selection is decent and the prices are pretty good as well. The people who work there are also mostly friendly and helpful, mostly.I for one am not someone who thinks that duct tape on the wall and water damage is really a selling point as some people have said. I am not scared away and there is not a rodent problem but still, the place is not very appeasing to the eye.I am most disappointed by the many people chiming in on how great of a pool hall this is. There are a lot of tables, yes, but they run a gummut of disrepair and from what I can see more on the lower end. The pool sticks are abysmal, the last two times I was there the people I went with all had to share the only non-warped, non-cracked or broken one we could find. I don't avoid it, and I am sure I will be back, but this is really a place that my friends and I go to out of convenience of location than anything else.
5	I have been to many pool halls and bars that have a few pool tables.  But for the price and convenience i have been here multiple times. In fact, you will more then likely see me here. people are friendly and are quick to play anyone that comes through the door.  No, not for money just to keep everything fun.  Once you walk into this place you will be quite alarmed, but give it a few times to walk in and out and you will appreciate the value and entertainment this place offers.
