5	Brought in a used car for mom and David and Chris took care of us. No pressure and even dropped us off while vehicle was being serviced. Great guys and very professional. Thanks again!
5	Spoke to the Manager, David, on the phone and received a quote to replace the two front axels on my truck. I had also received two other quotes from competing companies.  The quote David provided was in-line with the competition.  So I brought the truck in the next day.  I spoke with Chris.  He provided a much higher quote.  At that point, Superior quoted me a much higher price than the competition.  I mentioned the other quotes and Superior dropped their price by $175 to match the competition.  That was very helpful.I also used coupons from the mail to reduce the pricing on the other services I needed.  Got a cooling system flush, a brake flush and a transmission tune-up.Chris was very helpful and respectful.  I would recommend their services.
5	Always fast and friendly service. Reasonably priced for general repairs and oil changes. The service writers are courteous and make sure your taken car of. The technician are also courteous and take great care of your vehicle inside in out. Highly recommend going to see David or Chris for any of your automotive needs and you will be well taken care of!
5	FIVE STAR customer service!!! I have been coming too this location for sometime since close too my house. It has closed and then reopened couple times over the years.  I came too the shop not only for oil change but also wanted them too look at my starter or lack of car repair knowledge that the trouble spot I was thinking off. I was telling Chris about the problems was having with my car. What was refreshing was way he was willing too listen and not made me feel like idiot or talk down too me. The more I talked  and he asked me questions in return thinking could be different problem. I dropped my car off 2pm. They got under the hood figure out the problem gave me quick response call back and gave them the go ahead too fix the problems. Helpful took my car in on not so busy day. NICE surprise they were able do all my changes needed be done same day picked up my car before they closed at 6pm. My car running like champ again!The prices its auto repair nothing really comes cheap. Just like is there such thing as honest mechanic? I really believe Chris too the whole staff stand up honest mechanics. The work speaks for itself! My engine starts right up, some lights on dashboard has issues got that problem solve, and most of all have piece of mind knowing that my car running spot on. The service that something that can honestly say been too many auto shops and customer service is fabulous. I walked in another gentlemen getting taken care of. The whole time patience waited my turn he mention and acknowledge me "thanks for your patience be right with you" twice. Chris friendly, personable, and took the time go over everything. Talk about fast service drop my car off at 2pm have it done less then four hours later think is pretty darn fast. My job was not a major overhaul but still no one enjoys waiting at auto shop or not knowing when get car back. Very nice surprise. I picked up my car Chris thanked me for my business. Talk about customer appreciation. Something that lot of business forget little gratitude goes long way in business. I left feeling happy about the work done, experience, and for sure no other shop would take my car too.
5	The guys that work here are awesome and everything is done so quick! Great prices too compared to the other places around! Thanks for the help Chris! I won't let my car be serviced by any other place!
5	Truly worthy of 5 stars. Helpful, informative, knowledgeable and professional. Overall, it could not have been better. I will definitely be back.
5	Their customer service is amazing! They're all so nice and very helpful! I go in every month or so just get my tires checked. They do it for free but always have a huge smile on their face ready to help you! I will continue to go there! (:
1	Frankly, I am very surprised to see all of these good reviews about this place as my experience here was quite the opposite. My car was pulling to the right, and the check engine light was on so I took it there and they told me my car needed intake manifold gaskets, and lower control arm bushings. they said the check engine light didn't have any codes so there was nothing wrong with that, and I could bring the car back the next morning because they needed to order the parts, and they could have it ready by noon. I dropped the car off in the morning, and since they didn't bother to call me I came back at noon. guess what? It wasn't ready..I asked how is my car doing and he said "oh great we have it all torn down, it should be ready by 3 oclock. ok I came back at 3 because again they never bothered to call and tell me it would not be ready when they said it would be ready. It still was not done until 5PM.. I figured well ok stuff happens no big deal.  Then a few days later I noticed the engine was smoking and I smelled oil burning, so I took it back. They said they didn't get the gasket on right and they would fix it for free. then a few days later I noticed a loud metal noise when I go over bumps like something was loose under the car, and again the check engine light was on, so I took it back again, and they said I needed the lower control arm replaced because they only replaced the bushing to try to save me money, so I had to pay another $300.00 on top of the original $1500.00 I just spent. oh well just get it fixed I don't want to have to worry about it.they still didn't know why the check engine light was back on again, so they reset it for free. wow that was very nice of them ya know..they never called me once not once and it was never ready when they said it would be ready.  a week later the check engine light was on AGAIN so I came back, and they said I needed a new gas cap, and also the reason the car is pulling is because I need new rear brakes, so this cost me another $400.00 to fix.  Then a month or so later it was leaking oil AGAIN so I took it back AGAIN. now they say I need a new oil pan gasket, and this will cost $550.00. and I could drop it off and pick it up by noon the next day. This time I learned my lesson so I waited until 1PM to call them and guess what it wasn't ready, they said it would be ready in a couple of hours.no call from them so I went there and they apologized and said they would get me a rental car for free. ok they got me a rental car, and I picked up my car on Saturday and left the rental car with them. then the rental company charged me $200.00 for car rental! they said they have no free rental agreement with superior tire, they just gave me the discount they get. FREE? NOT! they also said I rented the car for 3 days not just 1 day, because the car sat on the lot until Monday before they returned it so I had to pay for 2 extra days.at this point I was pretty fed up so I posted a review here on Yelp about it, and the district manager, Shane called me and said he would take care of everything, and refund my rental car fees if I took the post down. I agreed and he did get my money back to me, and offered to have another store look at my car, as I explained to him the bad service here. Thanks but no thanks. now guess what the car is now leaking oil AGAIN, worse than before, and it STILL pulls to the right. so all in all I went there 8 times, spent over $3000.00 and all I got was a shiny new gas cap. I called Shane again and told him this car still leaks oil and he did offer to have another store look at it but you know what? Id rather take it someplace else even if I have to pay to have the work done again, at least that way it might actually get fixed right, and I might even get a phone call from them to let me know when my car will be ready.and one final note, shane said they probably were very busy, and didn't have time to call me, but you know what? they didn't look busy to me when I was there, they were playing video games on an Ipad.....be warned do not take your car to these guys!
1	The store advertises a  $ 15 oil change. It's obvious they really don't want to do them as you will sit there for an two hours for no reason. Finally I had to say something.  I kept looking in the bays and I could not seen any cars being worked on.  There were two guys siting in the showroom doing nothing maybe one should go work on cars ? But he was to busy eating I guess.  An oil change takes like 10 minutes top. Plus I got a quote to have my brake booster replaced they quoted me $2200 I got it done for $ 500. Can u say shady ? I definitely won't be back.
5	Superior customer service. My sensor was telling me to check tire pressure so I assumed I would need to replace a tire. The team quickly got to the bottom of what was really wrong. Earlier in the week I had stopped at a gas station and they over inflated my tires. The mechanics were friendly and informative. They were honest and adjusted the air pressure at no charge. I will give them my business when I do need tires. Highly recommend
5	They have the most amazing customer service here! Although I know nothing about cars, each visit, they took the time to explain all the details about my car in a respectful way, unlike most places. They even provide very basic services like tire rotations and multipoint inspections for free ^^ The service is worth the wait.
5	These guys were friendly, helpful and fun!! I recommend them and their work!
5	great place - David is the man!
5	Customer service was excellent!! Jim took care of my care good! Was out real quick..  I've gone to other places and service was bad. At least here they talk to you! Will be back in the future..
5	Just took car in for brake service a week and a half ago. They did a great job getting my car in and out, and were happy to answer any questions I had. I wasn't pressured into anything extra and I haven't had any problems since I picked the car up.I'll definitely be returning again for future. services.
5	They were awesome! I had had a flat tire that I didn't even buy from them and they fixed it for free within 30 minutes. Will definitely be coming back here!
5	The manager Jim was wonderful to work with when the shocks on our car was improperly installed by another car shop. His workers and him were very attentive and responsive to our concerns and quickly got our car serviced and fixed the same day. The cost of repairs were reasonable and I'd definitely come back again to this location in the future.
