1	[DISCLAIMER:  Review mainly on service]I have been in this store probably a total of 5 times.  The first 4 to order/pick up/try on bridesmaid dresses.  All five experiences were none too impressive.Service:  Each experience has been poor to mediocre.  When I first walk into the store, I feel like each associate is working to ignore my presence each time.  It's like they have a stick up their you know what.  I've tried to ignore and look past it each time, but the poor attitude is consistent every time.  My last visit this Monday was probably the worst.  I actually made an appointment for 2 pm to try on bridal gowns, and that was easy enough.  I actually call them to change it to 2:15 due to unforeseen circumstances making me think that I'll be late.  However, I still manage to get there by 2:05 pm.  So, I'm actually early.  I walk in and none of the associates acknowledge me.  I understand that you are busy, but a hello-be-right-with-you would be nice.  One of the associates actually walk up to the cash register to grab some items and definitely, completely ignores the fact that I'm standing right there!  Thankfully, another (youngest looking) associate (I forgot her name) came to my rescue.  She acknowledged me and the other associate that was ignoring me at the desk turns out to be the one scheduled to help me actually just dumps me on the younger one.  Thank goodness because the younger one was very sweet.  She was actually really helpful and had excellent tips on what styles would look good on me.Products:  None of the 6 dresses that I tried on were not impressive, and I just chalk that up to my tastes being different and my incredilbly short stature than what the Alfred Angelo Bridal has to offer.  So, that's not a negative on their part.Conclusion:  Services poor overall with exception to the younger associate on my most recent visit.  I don't think I can form a good opinion on the selection of bridal dresses, so I won't.
5	I had had my mind set on an Alfred Angelo wedding dress for the better part of a year when I finally decided to try it on. There's not an Alfred Angelo store in my area, and I'm a plus size, so I figured my odds of getting to try on the dress in a remotely close size to what I need would be between slim and none. So, on my recent trip to Vegas I realized there was an Alfred Angelo shop and immediately called to make an appointment. They were able to get me in just 2 hours after I called.I brought my mom, and one of my cousins and her husband from Germany. The women in the store made them comfortable, showed them where I would be "modeling" my dress options and showed them where to find restrooms and a water fountain. The woman who helped me with my appointment was a really friendly young girl named Katie. She was great. When I arrived the girl behind the counter (Mia, or Mila maybe?) asked if I had tried on dresses before, what styles I was interested in, etc. She passed the information on to Katie who pulled some dresses to start. They never even asked my size, but the dresses they brought were spot on, or very close (in cases where they didn't have my size). I tried on my "dream" dress and it wasn't such a dream fit for me. Katie had pulled several other dresses in similar styles, as well as some she thought would flatter my figure. After trying on at least 6 or 8 I came to a dress that wasn't at all my style, but ended up being "the one". Katie then starting bringing out accessories like a veil and tiara, etc. She made it really fun and never pressured me for the sale, despite the fact that my mom, very clearly, was ready to drop her credit card on the spot.Since I was an out-of-towner, they offered to ship the dress for $25. ultimately, I didn't make the purchase that day, but that's definitely my dress and I will be returning for the purchase.
2	I admit I have only been to a couple bridal stores and each one with a different girlfriend for their wedding. This one was just not the experience I was expecting. The first time, my friend made an appointment to try her dress and for me too try on bridesmaid dresses. When we got in it seemed like they were so busy, yet there was really only one other customer in there. She let them know the dress she was looking at again and we started looking for BM dresses. It really seemed like we were shopping alone in the store. Once she got her dress and the 4-5 that I was going to try on, there was not one employee in site. I had to help her and visa versa. From experience before, usually the person you made your appointment with is right there helping put on the dress and being attentive. Not here! Really not until the end of the fitting did an older lady come over and pay attention. Otherwise they would stop in here and there or just disappear somewhere. We picked up her dress this last week and again it felt like we were in the way. Why make an appointment to pick it up, try it on again, etc... and get no service? We had to ask 2 different people to help. My friend got one of the Disney dresses, looks great on her, but some of the other dresses are just not great in there. When I am looking for dresses for my own wedding, I don't think I will be stopping in.
2	I recently purchased my bridal gown form Alfred Angelo.  I thought they had some of the more unique looking gowns in the Las Vegas area and wanted to shop there for my wedding dress.  My experience trying the gowns on was the typical happy mother, father, daughter, and best friend experience...  I came out wearing "the one" and we all were teary eyed and happy!  Everything to that point was great.  The problems I had came after the dress came in.  I ordered 2 sizes up which they recommended, I even ordered a lace up gown and upon trying it on- it was a little on the small side.   This was even after loosing 10 pounds after I bought the wedding gown.  This ended up costing me a little more money in the alterations department then I hadn't planned on spending.  My bridesmaids also ordered their dresses  from Alfred Angelo as well (I got a discount on the bridesmaids dresses for buying my gown there- $25 off of each dress)  My sister who is a size 0, and 100 pounds ordered a size 2 and the dress wouldn't zip up when she tried it on- drama.  Overall, the dresses they have there are quite beautiful and unique and I prefer their color options to  David's Bridal's color palate, just be aware of the sizes...
3	I came here to try on bridesmaid dresses with my soon-to-be sister in law.  We were able to find a dress that day (a strapless peacock blue dress) and the lady that was assisting us was easy to work with.  The dresses do run on the larger side.  When I got measured, the chart they used said I was a size 14-16 but I actually fit into a size 12 perfectly.  It's also a good thing that they have branches all over the country, since the bridal party is scattered around Seattle and Los Angeles. Alterations were decently priced as well too.Random fact: You can purchase Bella's wedding dress (AKA girl from Twilight) here.  I personally thought it looked a lot better on camera than in person.
1	I have been very disappointed with the customer service at this location. I have been there on three occasions now and have not been greeted by the staff once! Had my bridesmaids and I not found a dress that we loved, I would have never been back. The staff was rude and seemed overwhelmed whenever I have had to ask questions in the store. I was not helped initially by a staff member and my bridesmaids and I were going through dresses and finding sizes unassisted. I do not live in Las Vegas and am planning this wedding from out of state. I also ordered flower girl sashes back in December and one of them just arrived last week! The other one is still not in yet. My wedding is in 25 days! I have had to call every couple of days for the last 5 months to follow up on this. I have received every response from "it is being shipped over night and should be here tomorrow" to "I have tracked it down and it will arrive at the end of the week." I feel that 5 months should be PLENTY of time to receive a flower girl sash.I did inquire about some sort of compensation due to the fact that this sash may never arrive. I was asked if I wanted a completely different sash made out of different material (satin vs organza). I declined this option because I do want my flower girls to have the identical sash. (wouldn't you?) I was also asked if I just wanted to forget the sash all together. Again, I already have one of them and just need the other one. I have also called the customer service number-they were not as rude, but definitely not at the standard of service I would expect. They gave me a district manager number and I have yet to receive a call back.I would not recommend this location or this company to anyone. The process of getting married is stressful enough, so save yourself some stress and go to a place where you will be greeted in a friendly manner and your orders will arrive on time...
1	I wish we could give this place negative stars because they had THE worst customer service ever. Basically, I bought a dress from this location which was unrepairable and I was unable to wear that dress on the day of my wedding. They did nothing to rectify the situation, in fact, they actually engaged in a very verbal phone conversation which got pretty heated and showed me that ultimately, the only thing they care about is the money, not the bride. They sent me an email survey about my experience which I filled out in detail. I never heard back from them at all. Not even an acknowledgment of how poorly I was treated or that I was unable to wear the dress I bought. I would be very, very cautious if you decide to shop here and better yet, I would avoid this store at all costs.
5	*Five stars for the phone conversation, have not stepped in the store*I called today and spoke with a lovely associate name Abby. My wedding is in May 25 which doesn't give me enough time to get my bridesmaid dresses in but Abby reassured me about the rush they were able to do for me. She was very pleasant can't wait to come in :)
1	Unbelievably bad customer service along with haughty snobbery. I will never recommend this chain or shop here again.A dear friend of mine is getting married in Las Vegas and she found bridesmaid dresses online through their website. The bridesmaids are located in three different states. I took a trip to Las Vegas to try the dress on and place my order.My first experience was the snotty clerk that looked me up and down and pulled a size 10 off the rack for me to try on. I am a standard size 8, sometimes a 6 and was a bit offended that she didn't ask me my size but handed me a size 10. I walked into the dressing room and slipped on the dress. When I came out of the dressing room the clerk was no where to be found. My friend and I discussed the dress, color and fit and how it would look on the other bridesmaids - still no clerk to be found. I went back into the dressing room to change back into my street clothes... still no clerk.What I realized later is that Alfred Angelo must size their dresses such that the purchaser has to buy a larger size therefore resulting in plus size up-charges for those ladies who are slightly larger than I. So, once you reach a size 10 in "real" sizing, it's an Alfred Angelo size 12 and there is an additional fee tacked on; reverse vanity sizing.But, back to my story...It took over an hour to make the purchase. The computer system didn't work properly. I had to sign a contract that was several pages long and when I decided to actually read the contract and ask questions about things like the additional rush fee and the shipping charge to have it sent to my home in Utah the clerk couldn't answer my questions and kept having to bring over the manager.This was January, the wedding is in May, and I was charged a rush fee. Unbelievable. So now it's April and a clerk left me a message to inform me that my dress had arrived at the store in Las Vegas. It took me three phone calls to reach someone and to get a call back to tell them that I had written on my contract the address in which they had agreed to ship the dress to me in Salt Lake City at no additional charge. The clerk argued with me that their policy is $20 shipping. I asked her to pull up my contract, it was hand written on the bottom and signed by me and the store manager. She couldn't manage to do that and had to call me back.Honestly, I don't understand how a store/chain like this stays in business.
3	I absolutely loved my wedding dress from Alfred Angelo! They have great dresses in any price range and the ladies that work there are very sweet and accommodating. I also appreciated that they didn't overdo the overselling. I only have one complaint: If I had to do it over, I would have had my dress alterations done somewhere else. The seamstress felt like she knew everything and didn't know how to listen to what I wanted done to the dress. I told her I didn't want a train, she basically refused to cut it off, telling me how awful the dress would look with it off (and not even trying to say it in a concerned tone, more of a "you're an idiot" tone). I also told her I wanted feathers taken off the top left part of the dress... which she didn't do until i demanded it on my final fitting. At my final fitting, she kept my dress too long, I was getting married on the beach barefoot. I was so exhausted with this lady I didn't want to deal with her fixing the length and I just dealt with it.
1	so disappointed at the way this store operates. I love my dress, but the headaches and heartaches from working with the staff may not be worth the beautiful dress. I received a call that I HAD to pick my dress up within 24 hours or they would ship it back to the designer with no refund.  They also took all my measurements and ordered a size 5 sizes too big so now my alteration costs are unnecessarily high.
5	First off I was so worried that I would end up like most women looking for a wedding dress. Can't decide and just an absolute nightmare then I met Gail. Gail is absolutely amazing. One of the first things she said to me was "More than likely one of the first three dresses you try one is going to end up being 'the one'." Now I didn't believe her but come to find out she was completely correct. She took her time with me making me feel comfortable and making it an all out non-stressful situation. If any bride to be goes to this location please get Gail.
5	From the start Nicole has been very helpful and very knowledgeable. My sister told her what type of gown she's dreaming of wearing and Nicole is on point! My sister fell in love with one of the three pulled for her. Every appointment is very exciting and the employees at Alfred Angelo is also excited for my sister! I will recommend the Rainbow location to all my friends for their formal and bridal needs!
5	I stopped in on a Saturday afternoon just to look and see what was on sale in the Trunk Sale. I had no idea what I was looking for since we were planning an old west saloon themed wedding. Chris was awesome from the start. I tried on so many dresses and finally found the one that was perfect for our non-traditional wedding. She was extremely patient, and amazingly helpful in narrowing down my decisions. Can't wait to get my dress!!!! Thank you Chris!!!
1	I was measured for a bridesmaid dress and was told I was a size 10 in waist and hips and a size 8 in bust. I asked the sales women which size they could recommend, since they were more familiar with the dress styles and how their dresses fit. They told me it was up to me. I chose size 10 because I didn't want to be uncomfortable. The dress came in and it was huge. No refunds. I took it to get it altered and the seamstress told me I was a size 6 for this dress. After Alfred Angelo's "custom fitting" the dress required $90 in alterations. They also mistakenly ordered another bridesmaid's dress two sizes too small and asked her if she had gained a significant amount of weight in the last month. Alfred Angelo staff are either grossly ignorant about their product or just don't care.
3	I chose to get my dress at Alfred Angelo because they had the most unique dresses. I love that the store is quiet and intimate and all the focus is on the bride. I had finally found my dress and I adore it till this day! I had issues with alterations though. At first they had never called to tell me my dress was in, I had to call to check and it had been there. When I went to try it on, it did not zip up all they way and it was DRASTIC. They ordered it too small obviously because their is no way I gained that much weight. I wasn't able to get my dress till the day before my wedding because it took forever to get it to fit right. And on that day it still wasn't perfect but I unfortunately had to deal with it. It cost $270 for alterations.
