5	High praises for the 747 Express Bus! It's fast, convenient, clean, cheap, and runs on time! In short, it's everything public transportation needs to be, especially because the other option is taking a taxi downtown from Trudeau airport will cost you about $35 - $45. I took the bus in the morning and mid-afternoon, and both times, the trip took about a half hour. Depending upon traffic, I was told it could take up to an hour. Certainly, the bus is very dependable, convenient, and just as fast as a taxi, and I could see no advantage that a taxi could provide, aside from being able to leave right now. You can buy the $7 ticket from the exchange bureau at baggage claim. Depending upon the time of day, the bus runs from every 20 to  30 minutes. The bus route goes downtown through Rene-Levesque and has several stops along the route. You can connect with the subway at Berri-UQAM Metro Station.The $7 ticket also lets you have unlimited access to the subway system and the other bus routes for that day. A great deal!The bus takes EXACT CHANGE IN COINS ONLY. This is something the brochure doesn't tell you. They say exact change on the brochure, but not in coins only. It only tells you on the website. There were several people who had a $5 bill and a toonie (the two-dollar coin for those you not versed in Canadian). This was the only negative that the bus couldn't take bills. I highly recommend taking the 747 Express bus.
4	this bus is pretty damn fast and cheap to get from the airport into downtown as well as many major hotels.. the only thing this bus needs is the ability to take bills..
5	The ticket is now 8$. But it will also accept daily, 3-daily, and all other "normal" passes. Get on/off at orange line at Lionel Groulx, will save you tons if time in traffic through downtown.
5	This is a great deal. As part of the all-you-can-eat STM ticket ($8 at the moment), this bus runs from the airport into downtown (centre-ville) Montreal along the main drag past all the hotels. And... free wi-fi.The bus runs often enough that it's not super crowded. Me likey!
4	I really enjoy taking this bus to airport when it is in service and when it is convenient for me. The hassle is always getting to the bus, but once I am on it I love it. An easy and quick root to the airport without have to worry about parking a car, or getting a lift. It makes my life easier and that of my family as well! It is also quite a green option for those of us who are trying to reduce our carbon footprint. The one negative critique I have about the 747 Bus is the cost. I find it ridiculous that if I want to take it once it will cost me $9. That's pretty pricy compared to many other metropolitan areas.
5	9$ gets you to/from the airport as compared to 40$ in a cab, so it's kind of a no-brainer that this is the way to go. Free wifi on board, runs crazy frequently, there's usually room to store your luggage and if you get off at Lionel Groulx, you will save yourself a ton of time getting back to town. I love the 747!
5	Hopped on the 747 bus after a recent trip, swiped my bus pass and enjoyed the ride. It's quick to Lionel Groulx (about 15 minutes barring traffic, which could more than double it.) Hop off at Lionel metro if you need to get anywhere on the west side, orange or green metro lines meet here. Or stay on board, it's just another ten minutes or so to Berri, and the 747 makes several stops downtown along the way if that's where you need to be. Great service for folks doing business travel, hop on the bus from work and roll up to the airport like an eco-baller.Heads up: Keep your luggage in the yellow lines or expect to be barked at by the driver.
3	Absent a train, this is a fairly easy and painless way to get from YUL to downtown.  The buses run frequently and there are plenty of ticket machines to buy your pass. The fare is $9 cash or you can buy an all day fare card and then use that on subways and buses the rest of the day.  I like the bus at YYZ a bit better because it's only $3.  That takes a star off. The other reason it gets dinged a star is because the bus I rode downtown the other day had no air conditioning!   I mean, seriously, where are we?  Khartoum?   Come on, it's 2013.  I expect AC for my $9.  Otherwise, though, a great way to get downtown. I like how they even have space for luggage.  Hear that Q33 to LaGuardia?
5	I love thee!!I stayed at a hotel on Peel & Maisonneuve and paid $40+ in a cab from the airport. I saw the 747 Express stand at the airport but didn't realize that the bus stopped only three blocks away on Peel & Rene-Levesque. Damnit! But I did use the service when I left Montreal and it was great. Can't beat $9. The buses have wifi. The driver was very pleasant and thanked all of us when we departed the bus. And most of all, it was a great way to get rid of all the Canadian change I had before I left.FYI - If you need to use the Montreal subways & buses after you ride the 747 Express on the same day, save some money and buy an STM 1 day pass.
5	The 747 express bus is quick, cheap and efficient. It waits for you at the international arrivals area of the airport, there are plenty of ticket vending machines for you to buy a ticket $9 gets u a ride on the 747 and the rest of the STM network for 24 hours $18 gets you a three day passIf you arrive on Fridays after 6pm you can purchase a weekend pass for $12 and it is valid on sat and Sundays.Most buses have free wifi and luggage racks, sometimes because of demand a regular STM bus without the perks will be used. Ride takes about 20 mins to Lionel groulx metro and about 35 mins to berri uqam metro.Note: when going to the airport during rush hours give yourself extra time as there is never ending construction on autoroute 20
3	So this is really 3.5 stars but not quite for a few reasons...- if you are not at the airport they accept COINS only. $10 worth of coins- if it's the middle of winter, the driver may opt for a smoke break, while leaving the bus running, heat pumping, and door OPEN so said heat can escape and instead you can get awesome cigarette aromas...mmmmm- if you didn't have the exact COIN change, the driver may under her breath (and i'm speaking french the whole time) say to "see her" at the terminal. no problemo. i did. asked her what to do, never had clarity. went inside to buy a ticket, she kinda disappeared. STILL ended up buying my ticket (so honest am i) but then was double charged on my VISA!!! GAH!!!But the good thing is there is a bus to downtown Montreal from the airport. About time.
5	A great bus that is just tops when you're in Montreal for a quick stop over like I was.The kiosk at the airport explains things really well (although it took me a long time to try and figure out how to get to the train... but that was definitely my fault) and it's a really cheap and quick route into the heart of the city.I was in in the afternoon, and then 3am went to the bell centre stop to get back to the airport from the game. A HUGE service that more cities need to have.
4	A great bus service that is convenient to downtown and the airport. In the airport you can buy your ticket from one of the self service kiosks. We were originally buy two one way tickets but one of the helpful information agents told us about a discounted ticket that would cover the weekend we were staying. Saved us a few bucks. Next time I'm in Montreal I'll use this bus again.
5	Needed to get downtown from the airport. Great value and fast service! It's the type of bus most Americans see when connecting terminals at US airports, so there's plenty of luggage space. Free wifi is awesome when you've just landed and don't want to pay for foreign cell service (at least in my case). I would never choose a cab over the 747 express and I'm a picky traveler. Well done!
4	Best way to get to downtown Montreal from Pierre Trudeau Airport is to take the 747 Express Bus!Very good value.  Better deal than taking a taxi from the airport to downtown.$10 per person is what it will cost you.  Our flight arrived from the U.S. around 5pm.  After getting our baggage, we looked for information on the bus.  Found the info we were looking after exiting the International Customs area.  There was a information desk (close to the exit) with people to help us.  They told us which stop to use which would bring us closest to our hotel.  They then directed us to one of the machines which we used to pay for our tickets.Took us about 45 minutes in rush hour to get to downtown Montreal from the airport.  Would have taken us much longer if we used a taxi or rented a car.  There is even a special lane just for this bus which made the trip faster.Chances of using this service in the future is very high!  Great value!!  Would not hesitate to use them again.
