5	I had such a great experience working with Missi of Celebrate Kids. I used my Groupon for a bounce house rental for a party, and needed it over Easter Weekend. She was SO accommodating, had NO attitude or restrictions about using the groupon over the holiday weekend and even let us use it for two days instead of one. The bounce house was massive, adorable and in GREAT condition. The kids absolutely loved it!Missi shared with me that  she prides herself on having the cleanest and greatest bounce houses in Vegas, and I can see she's right. It makes a big difference that they are so clean, I've seen some nasty ones and it's nice to know your kid isn't rolling around in a jillion germs from other kids.I decided to rent a snow cone machine as well, and she included a discount because of the bounce house rental. Talk about a hit with the kids...the machine was clean, she provided all of the syrups, the cones, the straws, the table and vinyl tablecloth, and even gloves to use to scoop the shaved ice into the cone.  MIssi was super easy to work with, and her delivery guy was punctual and helpful as well. I had to contact her a few different times for questions, and each and every time she would be right there to answer my questions or immediately return my call. I will DEFINITELY be going with this fab local business for our future celebrations!
5	I couldn't be happier with Celebrate Kids and the kids at your party will be even happier. I've used them twice for Costumer Characters. At one party, we had Dorothy and the Scarecrow and at our other party we had Sleeping Beauty and the Prince. I've also seen them in action at other birthday parties - we attend a lot of kids birthday parties and they never disappoint. They are fabulous with the kids. They kept the kids engaged from the moment that they arrived, having  fun activities/games that all of the kids loved. They are super at facepainting and they made sure that all of the kids got a turn. I've seen some other facepainters and they haven't been nearly as good in terms of 1. being good with kids 2. quality of facepainting job 3. speed. They also are entertaining and great balloon artists for kids. They provide the characters entertainment, facepainting and balloons all in one. Missy is very professional and coordinates all of the details with you.  A+ I'll definitely use them the next time I need a Character at my party. I highly recommend Celebrate Kids
1	AWFUL!"Our clown says she did perform at your Son's birthday party"Me: "I spoke to you and Missie several times during the scheduled time of the party; neither of us was able reach your clown by phone."Maybe this won't happen to you, but this Unholy Mess actually happened to us. Or, I should say to a very disheartened eleven year old.  I suppose the injury of a "No show" wasn't bad enough, so they added insult by accusing of us of fabricating the allegation!  Really!!  (People have time for that in their world) Don't gamble with your child's event, Avoid this place!!!  Thankfully my son still enjoyed his birthday no thanks to Celebrate Kids but because his father had recently returned from service in the Middle East.  That was the  Celebration for my kid on that day.
5	Celebrate Kids (Batman) came to my nephews 4th birthday and we had a blast there. The next weekend, we had my sons 4th birthday party at childs play and we used Celebrate Kids again and this time it was Spiderman. Little did we know, it was the same person who was Batman the weekend before and he is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!  I give him 2 thumbs up for entertaining the kids. They all had a great time and he kept their attention the entire time he was there. My son was very sad to see Spiderman go, but he understood that he had a job to do. :) Great Job Celebrate Kids!!!! Thanks again!
5	I have only used Celebrate Kids a few times, but each time has been a pleasure.  They are courteous, professional and you get a great value for the money you spend with them.  They go out of their way to offer great customer service.  Do not use anyone else but them!
5	I had an awesome experience with celebrate kids. I used their pirate bouncer for my sons 3rd birthday. They dropped it off a day early, so I got to use it for 2 days :) missy was very pleasant to work with. Very friendly and very helpful. The delivery driver guy was really nice too. The bouncer was very nice and clean. I was pleased with how clean it was! My son and his friends (&myself) had fun jumping in the bouncer. Don't use anyone else but them!
5	We wanted to entertain 10 eight year olds in a ballroom for an hour. They sent a balloon guy who made the most amazing interactive age appropriate balloon creations ever. The blow up pop-a-shot was perfect, and the guy they sent to run the games had everyone engaged.The face painter was the best I've ever seen. There were 6 moms in the room and we were all so impressed we had flower anklets or wrist corsages painted on...we did manage to let the little girls go first. She was fast and the work was truly beautiful.We changed the times and weren't the easiest to work with.  Missi took it all in stride and made it happen without hesitation.I've used Celebrate Kids several times before when my daughter was little, always been pleased, but they really blew us away this time.
5	My daughter had her 5th birthday party and I hired a princess from Celebrate Kids to come entertain the kids. Rebecca, or Sleeping Beauty as the kids called her, was wonderful. From the moment she arrived, the girls were entertained and mesmerized by her. She painted faces, played games, lead a treasure hunt, sang songs with the girls, etc. For the money, this was TOTALLY WORTH IT!Thanks again and I would recommend you guys to anyone who asks!
5	The girls at Celebrate Kids are friendly, helpful, and great!!!The products they provide are top notch and we have never been disappointed...We have used them several times and we now exclusively use them.WWW.COVENTRYNEIGHBORHOODWATCH.COM
5	Celebrate Kid is amazing!  I contacted them for my Son's first birthday, we did a Sesame Street theme.  Missi was so nice and helpful, giving me party tips and ideas. You can tell she loves her job.  I wanted to hire the whole Sesame Street gang to come to the party but Missi reeled me in and recommended we just get Elmo.  She could have sold me on the whole cast, would have been more money for her but she didn't.  That was nice and she was right Elmo was enough.  Elmo and his helper a non scary clown came and met the kids, sang songs, even took the kids on a treasure hunt around our house and backyard.  They did a great job and even Elmo's voice was spot on.  I noticed after they left Elmo spent a little time with the kids in the neighborhood who spotted him on his way out.  I thought that was really nice.  A friend who attended my son's party was so impressed she hired Celebrate Kids to do a Princess party at their house.  They had different activities for the kids and was geared a little more towards girls but they included and had stuff for the boys too.  For my son's second birthday I was ready to pop with twins so we had my son's birthday at the Rainforst Cafe.  We added face painting to our package and guess who was dressed up in safari gear and doing the face paintings?  The princess from my friends party!  I didn't realize Celebrate Kids did the parties at Rainforest Cafe.  They did a great job again and I was very happy.  Celebrate Kids also has lots of fun games and concession items you can rent along with bounce houses, etc.  I can't wait until the kids are a little older a do a fun carnival birthday theme.
5	Missi and her sister Cheri are so wonderful! Very accommodating and easy to talk to! The obstacle course that we rented for our daughter's party was a big hit!!!  I would definitely call them again ifor my next party/event!!  Celebrate Kids.....you are amazing!!!!! Oh, even Jordaan, the guy who delivered and set up the obstacle course was great! Thank a million to Celebrate Kids!!! Your team is excellent!
5	Contacted Missi at Celebrate Kids after reading the reviews here. I had never rented a bouncer before and Missi was very patient with me. We ended up renting the mini bouncer castle and the kids (and adults) had so much fun. A couple of days before our party we received an e-mail with tips on how to stay cool, since it was hot. I would have never though of having mister bottles but it sure helped keep the kids cool to spray them before they got in to bounce.Jordaan the set up guy was actually a couple hours early to set up but was considerate enough to call first to make sure we were ready. He was even a little early to pick up but waited in his car until our scheduled pick up time. Never once rushed us. I would definitely rent from Celebrate Kids again.
5	This is my first time with Celebrate Kids and it was a great experience!! It was my daughther's 7th birthday party and it was the week where we had "Flash Floood Warnings". I was really nervous about getting the bouncer because of the unpredictable weather. Missi and her team was very accomodating. They offered me alternatives and options and that took alot of worries out of my shoulder. My daughter's party was a success and the weather turned out beautiful. The bouncer was HUGE and CLEAN and the kids loved and enjoyed it so much! Thank you again Celebrate Kids! I will be coming back!
5	Love them! I had Blue's clues the first year...my daughter was 2...they came and entertained the whole class...loved it.. For the life of me her 3 s were a total blurr...we had someone...for her 4th birthday I had beauty and the beast...OMG they were FABULOUS! They literally put on a show for the whole school..and my daughter was the star of the whole school!! I have hired this company 4 times...and every time...THEY WERE ON TIME..FULLY PREPARED...and I tipped them well! LOVED EVERY SINGLE TIME!!! My daughter has since out grown this fun stuff...but it sure was fun!!!  My son does not go to day care...so If I had a costume character show up he would totally melt down!   For me I would set up a time with her school...set up the time with celebrate kids...I would get the cupcake cakes and matching plates and cups (at party time clearance rack) bring little box drinks...and the party was FUN EASY AND CHEAP!!!!! SUPER EASY WAY TO GO!!!!
5	Just had Taylor come by for rockstar party for my 6-year-old. They absolutely loved her. Second time using Celebrate Kids. Would definitely use them again.
5	Celebrate kids =The BEST! I have used them for numerous parties and company events and they have always delivered EXCELLENT service!
5	Just can't say enough good things about this company!!! I use them year after year and am always very happy with what they offer. Use them and you won't be disappointed!!!
5	Celebrate Kids went beyond my expectations for my daughter's 5th Birthday. Kristoff and Elsa greeted each child and engaged the kids in activities that held their attention. Everyone felt special because of Kristoff and Elsa's warm presence and ability to connect with each child. Thank you very much for helping to create a fun, memorable experience for my little girl!
