5	Through Tricia's recommendation, I decided to go with this cleaning service and I do not regret it.  They do an amazing job cleaning.  It is a little more than your average cleaning lady, but I'm willing to pay more for less hassle and an actual bonded cleaning service.It's a smaller operation so you have the benefit of a bonded cleaning service without having to deal with someone new everytime you call or have an issue.  Nancy handles everything.  If you are looking for a cleaning service, I highly recommend this one.
5	I wasn't able to initially talk to them when I called a few times - no problem, they called me back within an hour. The person who answered the phone was sympathetic to me needing my place cleaned quickly and was able to make arrangements to meet me early the next day and was understanding when I was late! The price was very fair and they did a great job cleaning my place. Will recommend to others and use again if I need cleaners.
5	After much consideration, my girlfriend and I decided it was time to bring someone in to help us keep up with our busy lives. I searched and searched the web and was so disappointed with all of the reviews I was finding -- until I found JNS. I emailed them and got an immediate response. Nancy (the owner) personally came to my home to give a fair estimate. When she told me everything they do and then told me the price, I was shocked; it was so inexpensive compared to all of these other companies. Today was our first "cleaning" and needless to say... they blew me away. The staff was on-time, professional, extremely courteous, polite and did an amazing job. They brought all of their own stuff (including a vacuum!) so I just had to let them in and left. I can't say enough good things about all of them, including the owner, who has been extremely flexible and patient with my schedule. Most of all, we have a cat and they were extra cautious. Bottom line, don't look anywhere else. This place has a 5-star rating for a reason.
5	J.N.S is WONDERFUL! My townhouse I clean myself regularly because I have cats but J.N.S. did a great deep clean before my roommate moved in. The house looked and smelled great! They cleaned down to the tiniest detail, it felt like a new house.  A team of 5 ladies came in and were done in 2  hours. They brought all their own products and equipment. I would definitely recommend J.N.S for future cleaning whether it be a deep clean, or just a regular monthly service. Nancy the owner  is very accommodating and friendly.  THE BEST CLEANING SERVICE IN LAS VEGAS!
5	We are thrilled with our first cleaning. Our house is sparkling. Thank you, J.N.S.!
5	I just got home after a long day at work and I immediately felt compelled to write this because my favorite days are when JNS cleans my house. The JNS team did a tremendous job cleaning my home today and the space has an incredible energy that makes it easier to relax. They are detail oriented and are the best house cleaning service I have used in Las Vegas. I trust the team to clean my home without me being present and after nearly 2 years, they have never disappointed me. I am grateful to have found such a hardworking and honest company to provide such a fantastic house cleaning service.
5	Excellent service. I got the house deep cleaned as a surprise for my Mom's birthday. I didn't expect the maids to be so fantastic. They got into every nook and cranny. The house looks fabulous and my Mom was super happy. The owner was so nice and gave me a very reasonable price. Worth every penny!
5	I just moved to Las Vegas in March and had a couple of referrals for cleaning women that either didn't call me back or worse, had set an appointment and didn't show up...twice. I decided to take matters into my own hands and use Yelp for a referral.  I chose JNS Final Touch LLC because of the great reviews and their professional website. Nancy came by my house, gave me a quote ($30 more than what I had been paying but I agreed.)  Her team showed up at my house at the designated time. When they left (about 3 hours later) my house was immaculate. It is hands down the best cleaning service I've experienced in my 10+ years of utilizing a cleaning service.  The attention to detail was hotel quality - in fact, that's how I felt after they left - like I was in an immaculate hotel room.  I have a higher standard now thanks to JNS Final Touch and I highly recommend them.  It is an investment in peace of mind and you will get your money's worth.  I guarantee it.  :-)
5	We have been using JNS Final Touch for a year now and each and every time are pleased. The service is always consistent and we have never had an issue and will continue to use them for this reason. The owner is communicative and honest and we have come to count on them and their professionalism when trusting them in our home.Highly recommend this company.
5	JNS Final Touch did a fabulous job on our home. They were professional, thorough, and left the home sparkling clean and smelling great. We had high standards after several disappointing experiences with other cleaners -- JNS came through and exceeded our expectations. We highly recommend this company. Additionally, Nancy (owner) is great to work with - she is professional and prompt and accommodating.
1	I tried this service based on positive yelp reviews and I was grossly disappointed. 5 women showed up to clean my house. Wow! I thought things started out great. But at the end of the day I came home to a disheveled mess. The basic cleaning was done and was ok. But everything in the house was moved around. I spent 2 hours moving dishes back to the cabinets I had them in. Bath mats, area rugs, decor items, hand towels, trash cans ... Literally everything had been shoved out of the way presumably to clean the floor. The house didn't even smell clean and whatever chemical they used not only stunk but made me sneeze all night. I specifically asked them not to enter my personal closet but I returned to find the closet door open, light on, and items moved around. Speaking of lights ... It wasn't just the closet. Every light in the house was left on. And to top it all off there's a black stain in the middle of the bedroom carpet. The carpet is less than 3 months old and had never had shoes on it. But security cameras show all 5 of these women running in and out with their dirty shoes on and one of them dropping a bucket of supplies right where the stain now is. I did notify Nancy and she did say sorry. But sorry doesn't fix it. I had the house cleaned by someone else the next day. They did a great job. And I have carpet cleaning scheduled for Monday to remove the stain. Overall I spent $185 on a service that didn't get the job done and caused the additional expense of having to have the carpet cleaned. Find someone who will be respectful in your home. These folks will run through without regard for you like 5 bulls in a china closet!!
1	This sounds like you want to show the world you fixed the problem but it's the first I've heard of any fix. Just to set the record straight you didn't offer to pay for cleaning carpet until you had a public forum to do it. Regardless of the color of your cleaners your team did stain the carpet. They dropped a bucket of what I assumed was cleaning supplies. It's very clear in the cameras. And most of your other facts are wrong as well. There were no moving blankets in the closet. They were in the dining room. The closet wasn't supposed to be touched. The "piles" we're sorted for goodwill. But it was one big walked on pile when I got back. I would understand if they couldn't figure out how to turn off the bedroom light because it's on a remote. But is that why every light in the house was left on? And my toothbrush was in a basket of things. The basket needed to be moved to clean. Not the toothbrush. Do you like people touching your toothbrush? And maybe I can understand bath mats not getting put back correctly but it doesn't take a genius to know the waste paper basket next to the toilet can cause an inconvenience if left in the adjacent closet. There were a few dishes in the sink. I appreciate you washing them. Too bad one was broken and hidden in the back of a cupboard. Hard to figure out why so many things were moved when so few needed washing. But overall ... I love the part about how if I would have asked you not to have all 5 women walk on my bedroom carpet you would have had them wear booties. Have you possibly considered that a given?! When someone hires you to clean their house it should be understood you don't dirty one part while cleaning another. You did call me that night. And you said sorry. But you didn't offer any solutions. Your reply was obviously designed to make excuses and create the illusion of solving the problem. If you want to fix it the carpet cleaning was $150 and the broken bowl was $17. Send me a check. But don't think making excuses online will fix anything. And don't forget to mention how you were going to talk to your crew and get back to me but never did ... Unless you count your yelp comment as getting back to me.
