5	My family of 6 has been members her for almost two years.  The family membership is very reasonable and includes free childcare.  My little kids (ages 2-6) love going to "Kids Gym" and the childcare staff are wonderful.  The hours are definitely geared more towards families as it closes rather early 8pm.  They membership includes all the general fitness classes and a few free kids fitness classes for ages 5-12. My son really likes the Kids Catch classes on Tuesday and Wednesday nights.  Swimming lessons, martial arts and dance are available for kids for additional cost. As a non-profit the YMCA offers scholarships for those in need for both memberships and classes.  I think they also offer military discounts. Membership at this Y also gives you full access to the other YMCAs in town. The facility is actually owned by the City of North Las Vegas but due to funding they lease it to the YMCA to operate.  There is only an indoor swimming pool and the only showers are in the pool changing rooms.  The facility is always very clean, is only a few years old and well maintained.  The non-judgmental family atmosphere is probably my favorite aspect of the YMCA. There are people of all shapes, sizes and abilities that take the classes so it is great if you are just starting out and worried about working out or taking a class. The personal trainers (Kat is awesome!) are also great and very affordable.  I've lost 70lbs in the last year and the Y has been a big part of that. I highly recommend Zumba on Tuesdays and Thursdays with Christina.  Kat also offers a boot camp in the mornings that is open to the public for a fee. Overall a great affordable, family friendly gym with a focus on helping the community become healthier!
4	I love the Y here with the gym on the Treadmills there is a great View of the Sheep Mountains. The gym is also baby friendly with a great Daycare Staff!Not to mention all the extra fitness events and classes that they offer.My only complaint is one for my own- I like workin out at night and they close and open at all different times.. So scheduling around there schedules is a bit stressing- other than that its a great rate and a great workout!!
4	I've never been a member to any gym before so I honestly have nothing to compare this place to, but that being said....I really enjoy my membership with Skyview YMCA. If you are a member of one Y then you have access to any of their other locations and that is really great because they all have something different to offer. This particular facility is small, actually I think it's the smallest of them all. So it can get crowded and even slow you down a bit when working out. It only has one smith machine and zero squat machines so, that's a little bit of a bummer, but not a deal breaker. I recently tried their Body Pump class and it was so much fun! It was more challenging then I had expected, but ultimately it gave me a good sweat, I had a good time and I felt good afterwards. The ONLY thing about this class (maybe even the others)...I wish they would start a little sooner, even just a few short minuets would make a difference, so that the instructor can introduce himself/herself for the 'first timers' and go over really fast the equipment they'll need and suggest that they start with lighter weights then they would normally lift. I was completely brand new to the class, I got there on time and EVERYONE was already in there almost done setting themselves up, and I was just so clueless. I was frantically running around trying to get all the equipment everyone else had and I had no idea where to set myself up at because everyone was already stationed and I was afraid to get in anyone's way. I normally lift heavy weights in the gym so I assumed I could hack it in this class. First off, my hands are way too small to hold the weights a certain way that we were instructed to, and secondly the weights were just too heavy for me for this class.They have school here, although I don't know what grade they go up to. My 4 year old is currently enrolled into the pre-school summer camp program. My daughter really enjoys being in Ms. Andrea's class and that makes me happy. If my baby is happy then I am ecstatic. Honestly, I really love that one of the walls to the class is 100% just a giant window!! While my daughter is in class I usually go into the gym and workout, but I love to stop by the window to look inside the class and observe. I've witnessed my daughter being less than pleasant lol, and kudos to Ms. Andrea because she is so patient and understanding, not just with my child but also with the other students as well. I greatly appreciate after every class Ms. Andrea will give each parent a summary of what the kids did during their time in class, their behavior and how they're coming along. Over all, Skyview YMCA is lovely and their friendly staff makes all the difference....seriously, they are ALWAYS so friendly!
