4	I stayed at the hotel, L'Auberge du Vieux Port, and though I typically don't eat where I am staying, it was dead of Winter, rainy, and most everything in the Old Quarter was closed.  As it happens, I was there on business on a Thursday, and when  I saw they had live jazz that didn't require me to walk through sleet to see I was hooked.They offered a nice selection of complimentary cheeses and chunks of fresh baguette, but I wisely did not stuff myself.  The Venison with cranberry reduction was outstanding, as was the selection of wine by the glass.The duo was kind enough to play nothing but my obscure requests until the place closed, and the bartender offered me a complimentary Armagnac (probably because I bought the band a couple of rounds.)It is a very quiet, non-touristy place for that part of the city, and I am sure would be a nice respite from the Jacques-Cartier crowds in the summer.
4	It honestly took me a while to track down this place as I didn't remember the name but I definitely recognized that escargot. Montreal, in general, was an experience to remember. This place just topped it off. My boyfriend and I chose it as our "big spender" meal of the weekend. To be honest, I do not remember the price but I know we spent more than 100$ on dinner for just the two of us. Please keep in mind this was my first time in montreal, my first time eating any sort of french food, and my first time ever eating escargot. The escargot was surprisingly good and was baked in a cheese and garlic mixture which I enjoyed very much. As for dinner, I barely remember since it was almost a year ago now, but I remember leaving thoroughly satisfied. We both got some kind of steak and we shared a bottle of wine. I wish my memory wasn't so hazy so I could provide more details, but I guess I'll just have to update this if/when I ever visit Montreal again.
4	What could be betterthan a bottle of wine withfriends on the terrasse?
4	I don't think I've noticed that anyone has mentioned the Auberge Terrace located on the roof of this restaurant/hotel.  Fantastic view of Old Montreal and the river.  Great spot for drinks and a lighter bite to eat.  Much more casual than the street level Narcisse Bistro. (seasonal opening, of course)
3	Our fourth date night in 12 months!  I just realized that three of our four date nights have been work related ... oh well ... doesn't make the date nights any less fun :)So, we were limited to what we could order but this is what I had:Some sort of rabbit pate with beets, greens, and bread crisps.  The pate itself was okay ... a little too fatty though.  The beets were quite good since the dressing used to flavour the beets was some sort of light citrusy vinaigrette.  Main meal was some sort of beef dish with a potato type side.  Couldn't quite finish it all because the meat was a little chewy and the potato side was disappointing.  For dessert I tried the creme brulee ... it was average.   Nothing special.Ordered a vodka cranberry and it was disappointingly weak.Not a huuge fan of the complimentary bread and butter at the start either.The restaurant itself is quite nice and situated right in Old Montreal right by the water.  Decor is sleek and modern.  Service was incredibly friendly and attractive!Can't say that I'm in love with the food ... but it wasn't too bad :)
3	On a recent lazy Sunday afternoon, I stopped in at Narcisse for a drink on their rooftop terrace (5th floor of the auberge).The Good: Great view of the Old Port!The So-So: Considering they're a wine bar, I was hoping for a bit more from their wine list, in terms of the available selection (fairly small) and the originality of said selection.The Bad: A loud air conditioning unit detracted from the atmosphere. I'm not sure if it's like that all the time.That said, I'd still like to give Narcisse another chance and try the less casual dining room on the first floor for a full meal.
4	last weekend my mom and i went to montreal. though it was a short trip, it was a lot of fun.  our saturday had been a day of HOURS at the open air market, a picnic in the botanical gardens, and a major bike ride back to our hotel.  it was longer than i had expected, and left me sweaty, frustrated with bicycles, and incredibly hungry.  i knew almost immediately what i was craving: steak frites.my mother humored me and my insane craving for beef and fried potatoes and we checked every restaurant in the area of our hotel until we found exactly something labeled "steak-frites" on the menu.  and boy howdy, did we luck out.  both of us being winos, the line "bar a vin" caught both our eyes and the "steak-frites" caught mine.it was a beautiful saturday evening, and we seemed to have arrived at exactly the right moment, because we were not only seated within minutes of arrival, but we were seated at a fabulous table in the corner of their outdoor seating area.fast-forward to our eating, and while i did feel terrible for my mom because of a mix up in the kitchen leaving her to wait an extra 10-15 minutes for dinner, we both had marvelous meals.  the butter atop that steak was so heavenly, i asked how it was made.  our waitress came back with a written recipe. my mom's salmon was incredible as well and we both ate every bite.while the price wasn't something we'd spend every day, it was the last night of vacation and we enjoyed it very much.  the service was great, i left with a steak-frites baby, and we both left very happy.
5	We stayed in the Hotel this restaurant occupies.  Both are wonderful.Even though the restaurant pricing is considered $$$, my boyfriend and i ate here for like $30 total.  They featured a fantastic soup of the day which wa cream of carrot topped with some kind of fried potato bits and creme fraiche. Delicious, and a huge serving.  I was basically full from this alone.  Then we added some grilled mushrooms and veggies, delicious and fresh, and a salad topped with warm goat cheese. This was really excellent, and they provided so much cheese,,, i didn't think i could fit in dessert but i did. We then got the sorbet, and passion fruit panna cotta. Both delicious.  The wines were reasonably priced at about $7 a glass but we received complimentary drinks b/c we were staying at the hotel. Its a very romantic setting - our table was inside but set by the window flush w/ flowers from the window box, w/ a view of the water.  Service was attentive but still allowed for privacy.
