4	Definitely a great place to go if you need a chocolate fix!There is a really wide selection of chocolates and other candies, you can always find the perfect gift here (because who doesn't like candy?!) and there's a semi-secret "adults only" room with toys/dvds/ect. Kind of an odd thing to find in a candy store in Squirrel Hill but it adds a little fun and mystery the place!
4	Yum! I love this place. The chocolate moose has more than just chocolate, they offer bulk candies, fudge, candies from far off places and banana flavored peanut butter, yeah you read that correctly (sadly its not always in stock). Let's just say that this place satisfies my sweet tooth.
4	I love the malt balls by weight...the most flavors of this type of candy I have ever seen in one place! The fact that I can customize a bag of whatever types I want makes it even better. Any place that does gourmet and exotic chocolate by customizable bags/weight is definitely a winner in my book. There is a nice selection of chocolate covered goods as well.As for the chocolate bars, there is not much in the way of variety. It carries the "common" gourmet chocolate brands of bars, such as Dolfin, Vosges, and Dagoba (this selection may have changed since I visited). I do appreciate that the store offers pocket-sized versions of these bars as well, since it's always painful to purchase expensive chocolate bars, only for them to fail your expectations. The shop is small, but still worth a visit. And LOL at the review talking about it doubling as a sex shop! One of the many reasons why I love Yelp...
4	I never noticed the Chocolate Moose in Squirrel Hill my first few months living here.  But one day I noticed a "Back in 5 Minutes" sign on the door and realized this was a chocolate store!  Excitement!I like that they have free standing candy that you can buy as much or a little as you want.  I'm not a huge sweets eater so I walked in and bought $1 worth of chocolate covered caramels, which was about 10-12 of them.  I tried to English Toffee, Mint Chocolate, Pumpkin Cheesecake, and Cookies and Cream chocolate covered caramels.  The English toffee one was hands down the best.  The mint chocolate and pumpkin cheesecake over powered the caramel.  I didn't like the cookies and cream.  The caramels were very small, and the candy was mostly chocolate.  However, a few are a perfect after dinner treat!  I also their version of a peach ring, shaped like a peach instead of a ring, and it was delicious!  Much gummier and flavorful than the store version.The owner was quiet but polite, and I'm assuming her daughter was there with her.  I like family owned and run places so that was a bonus.
