4	The downtown location of 21st Street coffee was my first experience with this lovely coffee shop. So I am generally against paying for coffee unless I am like really hungover or if I am at a restaurant for breakfast, and still probably hungover. But I stopped into this shop with a couple friends for an after lunch treat. I didn't really know the deal with 21st street coffee-that they take coffee seriously. They make it to perfection and try to imbue their thoughts on how coffee should be drank. I do not disagree. They greeted me warmly and offered to tell me about their different roasts and what the flavors were like. I don't know if it was just my mood or that i did feel a bit intimidated by the descriptions of the coffee flavors, but I went with a latte. MAN was it delicious. I studied abroad in Italy and am familiar with some high quality espresso. This was the best I have tasted in the states. No need for sugar, this latte was beautifully rich and sweet in it's natural state and blended so nicely with the frothy milk. I have had a few other really good experiences at both this location and the one in the strip and they know what they are doing. They serve really good black coffee. Thats it. No need for sugar or cream, and I kinda think they discourage the addition to anything else to their freshly roasted one cup at a time carefully-brewed-at-the-right-temperature coffee. Some may call that snobby, but I kinda feel like they are trying to get people to at least try the brew before you mask the flavor with those add-ins. They will let you know about how the flavor may change as the brew cools, or if it is best to drink at a certain temp. If you are the type of person who just can't do black coffee, they encourage trying one of the blended drinks, like a latte. The question was posed to me once while standing at their counter "Do you want a cup of really good black coffee, or do you want something blended and sweet?" The price... I feel like paying for coffee is a stupid thing to do, especially the quality of a place like Star*ucks, where you aren't actually paying for quality, but this place truly allows me to justify the price of paying for this coffee. I can't (don't know how but want to learn) make this quality of coffee at home, and haven't found many places that match it in taste and flavor. It a luxury, simply put, but I am willing to pay for the luxury here than waste it on a chain that doles out a brew that I could have made myself.
5	Let me put this out there; the only thing I know about coffee is how to spell it. However, this place treats coffee like a science. I love it.It's in a weird space, seems like they carved out a hole in one of the tall buildings, but the ambiance is very cozy. They do this thing with the coffee where they slowly sift it through the filter with a lot of care. It's like dancing, which is another thing I don't know anything about.They have a large selection of different coffees and teas and the baristas have a good idea of what you'd like if you give them some info about what you like. My barista was wearing a vest and bow tie, which, if you weren't aware, makes you awesome.There's a lot of Starbucks around the city, but you definitely get a better experience at 21st Street.
5	Excellent vibe, great music, free Wi-Fi and plenty of wall outlets. A great work space.  The wait staff was very friendly.  Don't forget to check out the upstairs couch/lounge area.  While the place looks tiny from the outside, the ample room upstairs is more than enough for those with a group, or simply looking for some elbow room.
5	The best iced mocha latte I have ever had. I can have it everyday, all year! The coffee is freshly ground everyday, and tastes so awesome, you can't put starbucks coffee in your mouth after this!
3	Second review of the day of a place where the expectations were high going in.Coming from a family that owns a coffee plantation I was looking forward to trying this place out after reading all the positive reviews.  While I am a fan of what I experienced, I also wasn't moved to the depths of my core.The employees were nice, and they did explain the difference between the Bolivia and Ethiopia blends.  At the same time, it almost felt like they're "too good" to do flavorings or anything under 2% milk.  So I don't know ... I'm torn ... I know my coffee and I know how to appreciate my coffee ... so please don't look at me weird when I ask about Skim Milk or when a friend ask about "flavors."  It isn't an insult to your business or persona, simply a preference in tastes.The cup of Bolivian I had was poignant in flavor, as expected, since they individually brew the cups.  However, there was something off with how "charged" it was.  It tasted strong but it felt really light.  Which threw me off since it was a drip brew.  It almost felt like coffee flavored water as far as the texture and feel was concerned.I'm definitely going back to try their espresso.  The barista said they use high quality beans and I've always been a sucker for a good espresso as an afternoon pick me up.
3	I think I prefer this location to the Strip.  They seem less like bullies over here.  I got the Oolang tea which had hints of Jasmine...at least that's what it seemed like if my taste buds weren't deceiving me.  It was clear that this tea did not require any milk, so I didn't ask for any.  I'm a big tea with milk person and can't really imagine drinking tea without milk.  I'd much error on the side of putting milk in my tea than drinking colored/flavored water.  What I'm basically saying is that the Oolang tea was colored hot water with some floral tastes...not really my cup of tea...hehehe - get it?I think I'd check this place out again, but would get something different.  I just hope if I choose another tea and ask for milk, they won't bully me into tasting it without milk.  Somehow these employees seem more laid back (but just as knowledgeable) than their comrades in the Strip.
3	Coffee for the coffee connoisseur, the coffee purist, the coffee snob, but alas, apparently not for me. If you have the audacity to believe when you're paying for a cup of Joe that you should be able to have it how you like it, this isn't the java shop for you. Watching your fat and/or caloric intake? Nope, no skim milk for YOU. Enjoy a shot of cinnamon or vanilla in your mug of coffee? How dare you request customization/bastardization of their cup of perfection. Abandoning all hope of coffee the way I like it, I ordered chai instead.  Somehow what I got tasted more like a hot milkshake. My teeth still ache from the sugar!So beware casual coffee fan, if you're not SERIOUS about your coffee, this may not be the spot for you. If, on the other hand, you tolerate no coffee frivolity, this just may be your perfect spot for your perfect cup.
4	You know, I get it.  I'm a tea drinker by nature, so my first impulse is to order a black tea or a chai latte when I'm at a coffee shop.  Here, you don't have many options as a tea drinker...really you don't have many options in general.  Their specialty is brewing an incredibly high quality coffee. Seriously...So what's a tea drinker to do?  I ordered an English Breakfast that was steeped properly, I may add, by the employee for exactly four minutes.  I have heard many people say they don't like to offer steamed milk for tea drinkers, but they obliged without any comment.  I will note they do not have the skim milk I asked for.  They only have 2% and whole.  Again, because it would take away from the quality of the drink to server anything less than 2%.  I usually put splenda in my tea and all they have is sugar...again because anything else they believe would ruin the real taste.  Seriously.But what made me realize they really do brew some quality espresso is that I had a sip of a mocha, with no sugar added and it was AH-mazing!  Seriously, I worked at Starbucks for five years and couldn't take more than a shot of espresso in a grande latte much less a mocha (which I hated the mocha powder they carried anyway).  The whole milk probably added to the delicious creamy taste.  I'm not messing around folks...this could be my guilty pleasure drink now.  Whole milk included...yikes!  Seriously, they are serious about their coffee!Hot Tip: Free Wi-Fi and some cushy seating inside!
3	Since it was only myself and the two ladies who run the shop in there when I went in it was nearly impossible to block out their snotty conversation. They went on and on and on about " how they couldn't believe some people could leave the house dressed a certain way."My fault for not have my head phones in, shame on me for thinking I could actually go some where and hear pleasantries and not snotty judgmental conversation. It took away from the overall experience,  I did very much enjoy my cappuccino that day. I'll be going back for more coffee but this time with my headphones on.
4	Pittsburgh-ians, you are lucky to have such a fantastic coffee shop in your city!I was in town recently for a conference and came here almost every day. The staff started recognizing me because I was there so often, haha. Their coffee is just unbelievably delicious - I think it's intelligensia. Not really a place to hang out, just to get it to go.
5	This place is for snobs ran for snobs. If you like over the top preparation for a special cup coffee than this place is for you.
5	I've tried many different coffee shops in many different cities and countries and I keep coming back to 21st Street. I won't say that I know a lot about coffee, but I will say I drink a decent amount of the stuff and have developed a taste for what I like and what I don't like and 21st is the best. They use some of the best beans (Black Cat) and they usually have another espresso option and they are always able to tell me a little about it. The staff is super friendly and can be talkative if you are in the mood. This is another one of those places that already knows my order when we come in. If you need or want some coffee and are downtown or in the Strip District, give them a try! You will not be sorry!
5	Love it!!  In a country that is obsessed with having everything fast, this place simply will not sacrifice quality for speediness.  Everything is done here by hand and done the right way.  Only the best ingredients are used and the people that work there really like coffee and are good at what they do.The espresso is amazing, quality like this is not achieved at many other places Downtown where speediness is king.  So yes you are going to be waiting for your drink to be customly made for you but I can tell you it is well worth the wait.If it is "regular coffee" you are looking for, they also have filter coffee made by the "pore over method"If you are in the area and really want to treat yourself to good coffee, this place is an absolute must.
5	Hands down the best cappucinno in Pittsburgh. Frequent both the downtown and strip district coffee shops. Pricey but totally worth it. Try it and you wont be disappointed!
1	Stopped in for a coffee and to work a couple hours. Couldn't connect to their wireless network. Obv misconfigured. I'm a pro and connect to wireless networks all over the country.Workers were no help.
5	The location in the Strip was where I learned that Pittsburgh could actually do coffee!  This location is no different.  I popped in quickly after lunch and there were 5 people inside, I kind of think 3 of them worked there and then 2 others at a table.  It's definitely not a place that has enough room to hang out for several hours, but a perfect spot for a pop in, get your coffee and get on with your day.  I ordered a latte and was surprised - albeit pleasantly - when he told me that they don't have skim milk.  Good.  No reason for it.  Good for dieting, bad for everything else - so I went with the 2% and it was delicious!  Creamy and frothy and oh-so-pretty from the darling little design he put in the milk. Fabulous post-lunch cup!  Check it out!
1	That was the worst coffee shop experience I've ever had.  And there isn't a close second.If your definition of a "high end" coffee shop means snobby and condescending servers, long waits when no one else is there, marginal (at best) and overpriced coffee, and very few options to make your coffee the way you like it - then this is definitely your place!Wow, I've drank coffee all over the world and in some of the best coffee roasters in the country...including Intelligentsia in Chicago where 21st sources their beans. You would never be treated that way there.  Never. The barista acted like she (they) had discovered the meaning of life and us Pittsburghers should be so grateful to have them share it with us.  Newsflash - pour overs and direct trade coffee are not new to the coffee scene.  Get over yourself 21st.  I could have let it all go if my straight black coffee was a fine cup, but alas...My advice? Save your time, money, and taste buds and go to Espresso a Mano in Lawrenceville, Cannon Coffee in Brookline, La Prima in the Strip or any of the other joints in town that serve great coffee without the condescending attitude. I wanted a good cup of coffee, not a lecture and a marginal one.  What a waste.
5	Love the new location and the friendly staff. Had an amazing iced mocha that just made my day! Spacious, well lit, and rustic exposed brick ambiance make this place a great reflection of Pittsburgh's architecture. Definitely check this place out!
5	If you are a coffee fanatic, this is the place to go. The quality of coffee can't be beat.
5	We showed up with six people. Three hot-chocolates, a latte, a cap, and a chai were purchased, tasted, shared, and thoroughly enjoyed! This place is simple, clean, pleasant, and makes phenominal drinks of all sorts. A much needed oasis on a cold cold day!
5	Great coffee. Great staff. Great vibe.Small.Modern.Really great.Stop in.Definitely going back.
1	The most pretentious coffee place I have ever been to, bar none. The barista outright refused to give me milk or cream (sorry, that's how I drink it) until I tasted it black. When I appeased her by doing so, I was then afforded a small amount of cream.Their motto should be, "Have it OUR way."
3	The plus side? 21st Street is a local shop and takes pride in their drinks. The espresso is good and they have cortados on the menu (my drink of choice!).The downside? The space is unwelcoming and small; lacking that warm vibe that you tend to find at most coffee shops. I can't imagine ever wanting to sit and work in such a space, despite the free wi-fi. The staff also has an air of arrogance that can be very off-putting. It's as if their commendable aim to be coffee/tea purists demands that you be a purist drinker, as well. Also, if you prefer your latte with skim milk, don't expect it at 21st Street. You're limited to whole or 2%. It's one of those little things that might send some customers elsewhere. I know we've resorted to passing up 21st Street when we were in a latte mood for this very reason.It's also a bit expensive. For example, we usually get two cortados for about $5.50 at other places. Expect to pay nearly $2 more for them at this downtown location. I love supporting smaller shops, but 21st Street hasn't won me over yet. Hopefully that changes.
5	It's hard to escape Chicago. You leave for a little vacation in Pittsburgh, walk into the best coffee shop in downtown, and what do you find? Intelligentsia coffee. Delicious and amazing coffee from Chicago (and, it must be admitted, LA). But, 21st Street Coffee doesn't get 5 stars just for serving excellent coffee. It gets these stars because it has the bike-messenger vibe appropriate to a top-flight coffee shop, excellent coffee served either via aeropress or pourover, and wonderful pastries.
5	This is a terrific little place that takes its beverages seriously, but not too. It's small and cozy, and felt like a good place to linger for a while. I could not on my visit, but I did find out that tea is just as important as coffee here. My green tea took a few minutes, but it was worth the wait. This isn't a cafe to dash in and out of if you're in a hurry, but it's quality.
