5	One of my top-five places to eat in town (I know, I'm a cheap date).  Their toasted subs are fresh, fast and amazingly good.   What is it that makes this place so delicious?  I dunno, it just is.  Mention Cheba Hut to any one who has tasted it before and watch their eyes light up.  It's just that good.Several premium choices for vegetarians.  My weapon of choice 'The Humbolt' (hold the onions).  Try the thick, fudgy 'hemp' brownies for dessert.
4	Definitely a break from the usual Subway or Jimmy Johns.  They have an expansive sandwich menu and on top of it, they're good.  The bread is awesome, even when toasted.  The only drawback was that it took a long time to get my order, but then again, it's probably because I went at the height of lunch rush.
4	doooooood, yeeeeeah, sweeeeet sweeeeet cheba.. puff, puff, give..
4	The sandwich was as good as a subway sandy, but the real plus was the gimmick.  Billy tells me that this place used to have a truck that drove around town to deliver sandwiches with an enormous paper mache joint attached to the roof of it.  Sure enough, when we walked in, the illusive joint was chilling at the back of the place.One great thing about this place is that all of the sandwiches are named after types of marijuana.  I got the Kana (Italian) and Billy got the Kine (turkey, bacon, swiss).  It was fun ordering and there was a real long line by the time we left.  Great place. Great idea.  Good sandwich.
4	Everything I have had here is YUM.  I rarely eat bread so when I do it not only has to be good, but very thin....and at Cheba Hut, the bread is just that.    I HIGHLY recommend the White Widow.
4	Sammiches, Simpsons, and brownies, oh-my!Whenever friends from out of town visit, this is one of the first spots I take them to.  The sandwiches are awesome, and the environment is laid-back.  The "Mary Jane" theme is just an added bonus ;)
2	this place is more of a marketing ploy than a sandwich shop. i know, i know, i must work for the man or be a hater, but that's not it. even back when i did fully and actively support their mantra, i thought the food was way too expensive for what it is and none too great.yay! local independent eateries, boo going there just becuase, "dude, the sandwiches are like, totally, named after my favorite strain, man."
4	Bust out your Phish bootlegs and hacky sacks for this one-of-a-kind sandwich "joint" (pun totally intended) in Tempe. Wow, that was a dorky opener. Anyhow, this place is driven by its "green" theme and everything that the restaurant serves is named accordingly. For example, sandwiches are either Pinners or, for the major munchies, Blunts.That whole bit is good for a laugh every time I drop in but it doesn't take away from the fact that the food here is nothing to shake a stick at. Sandwiches are toasted and tasty and there all plenty of options for vegetarians or picky people of any variety. Snoochie boochies!
5	Out of all the restaurants we went to on my trip to Arizona, this makes the top two.Toasty subs.  What a concept!  From now on, I will heed the call of the toasty sub.  I had the veggie with guacamole, and in hindsight, I really should have gotten a bigger one.  Maybe even a blunt.  And they deliver!  That's almost the best part.  I can't believe they don't have one of these in NYC.  This place definitely renders NYC just a little less hip and very unimaginative.  And this is in Tempe, home of ASU greeks and Wes from Real World Austin.The counter guys are very cool and the decor is busy, but busy the RIGHT way.  The guy who took our order was a little out of his mind, but very entertainingly so. Apparently, Tempe is certainly not a hot spot, and if it were to be called that, it would only be weather-wise.  After all I'd heard about the city, I certainly wasn't expecting this place.  Tempe, the Cheba Hut is your redeemer.
5	blunt griefo on wheat everyone in here is high four-twenty, bro ham
5	Cheba Hut's "toasted" theme and winking titles wouldn't mean nada if they didn't deliver with their goods. The menu is huge (and just got bigger), and the toasted subs are overflowing with fresh-tasting ingredients. There are many veggie options if that's the way you like it.Unlike the big chains, Cheba's employees seem to be having a good time and are always up for a chat or a joke. These guys made getting a study break sub an awesome experience. They've usually got good toons on and occasionally The Simpsons or Family Guy, not to mention decor that can catch your attention like you're...well, you know. Stay open later guys!!!
3	It's the big doobie that did it for me. I'm easy. A friend that lived here in TempE used to always send me pics of cops eating there under the big joint. I'm not totally into Cheba Hut tho, well the hippy part , sure. But, the food is so-so for the price, especially if you opt to not have alot of extra toppings. The meat/chicken portion seems tiny on that bun. The Acapulco Gold BBQ chicken is pretty tasty, it's the only thing that I get, haha. Worth a try, like Disney.
3	Your sandwich won't be the only thing that's toasted at Cheba Hut. The staff is usually high (and not on life) and giggly. And while it's nearly a 10-minute process to get your sandwich (you order, pay and then they call you when they're ready to pile on the fixings), the food is pretty good even when you're not high. Cheba is one of my favorite places to go to cure a hangover the next day because the sandwiches are damn tasty. I recommend The Kush and The Kind.
4	The sandwiches here are fantastic... seriously. This place would be 5 star except for the location being pretty ghetto and the novelty of the stoner theme wears off almost immediately. Still, a good sandwich place is a good sandwich place - this is very reliable grub...I wish I was close enough for them to deliver.
4	I walked in the front door.  The sign said, "Wookie Wednesday! Howl like a wookie for a dollar off your meal!"  The guy behind the register looked down at my black tee emblazoned with a bold cartoon logo of yesteryear and exlaimed, "What's up Thundercat.  You hungry?"Sold.I'm not one of Mary Jane's best boyfriends.  Oh I still think she's pretty hot.  She's just not the girl I turn to when I need some late night lovin.  So why would a fly guy who's not such a high guy be into a place with weed up in his face?Simple.  The staff are entertaining.  The food is good and not too expensive.  I enjoy watching pictures of presidents, aliens, and your mom (I swear, go check, third polaroid from the end!)  sharing a toke and a smile while my sandwich is being situated.Cheba is always on my list when I'm looking for something to fulfill my late, but not too late night cravings.  Even so, I still prefer take away.  It's a fun place.. for about five minutes while my sandwich is getting made.  And then I'm ready to jet.I know I'm gonna jinx myself... but these guys have never fucked up my meal.  How cool is that?
4	As usual, I researched my restaurants for my business trip.  This store came up as a local favorite for sandwiches so off I went during lunch. As the name implies, the interior is filled with references.  I ordered the "Afghani" sandwich with the usual toppings.  I wish it had more of a kick to it as it was listed as "spicy".  Guess I'm used to my roommate's Indian cooking nowadays.I wonder what my manager thought of "Cheba Hut" when I submitted the expense report...
3	You go here for the novelty....the theme.  The food always upsets my stomach....and considering I can eat Filiberto's and be fine, that tells ya something.  The sandwiches taste pretty good....but something just doesn't sit right.But if you've never been, you have to check it out.  There's nothing else around that you can compare it to.....everything on the menu is named after a type of herb.
5	For toasted subs, do not, I repeat, DO NOT go to Quizno's! Come to the Cheeb instead, where your hummus gets toasty, your eggplant crispy, and your chicken salad stays nice and cool. Some favorites (besides the aforementioned) include the pastrami, loaded with pepperoncinis, the meatball (of course), and the mushroom. Everyone is super-cool, and they don't even bat an eyelash if you want marinara AND mayo. Thank you, Cheba Hut, for your acceptance!
5	Love the Hut. Most sub shops have one token veggie sub, but not the Hut. They've got at least 7 different options for non-meat eaters, and they are all original and incredibly delicious. Best veggie subs: Humbolt, Griefo, Silver Haze, and my personal favorite, the Magic Mushroom: portabella mushrooms marinated in teriyaki sauce, topped with green peppers, pineapple & pepper jack cheese... Yum!Yeah, it's got the whole doobie-licious theme going, and yeah, it's pretty hilarious, but it's the sandwiches that keep me coming back. And the rice krispie treats. Oh, and the hemp brownies. Can't forget about the brownies.Service can be a little slow when they're busy, but it's so worth the wait.
5	I will never ever go to Quiznos or Subway ever again!  Cheba Hut is definitely the best and most creative sub shop around.I had the White Widow sandwich on a garlic herb bun.  It came with chicken smothered in ranch, cheese, bacon,  and mushrooms.  I also added peppers and mustard and it was completely awesome.  Looking at the menu, I realize that really whatever I am in the mood for, they have.  I would give it -1 star for not having green chilies, but I will survive (and so will be esophogus)Prices are very reasonable and I loved it that I had the choice of an 8" sub.  My biggest issue with the likes of Subway is that I could only get 6 or 12" when all I wanted was something in the middle.I found a new love in Cheba Hut.  YUMMY!!!! And the decor ROCKS!!!!!
3	"Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Mother mother fuck. Mother mother fuck fuck. Mother fuck mother fuck.Schnoise, noise noise.1 2, 1 2 3 4 Schnoise noise noise.Smokin weed, smokin wiz.Doin' coke, drinkin beers.Drinkin beers, beers,beers.Rollin' fatties, smokin blunts.Who smokes the blunts? We smoke the blunts.Rollin' blunts and smokin um'"Uh Lemme get a nickel Bag"15 bucks, little man, put that shit in my hand.If that money doesn't show then you owe me owe me owe.My jungle love.Oh e oh e oh.I think I wanna know ya know ya ... yeah, what."http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-xKUU5sWS4~Jay If you don't know, then you can't go!I got the Griefo and added turkey, it had Pepper Jack cheese, hemp cream cheese, guacamole,sprouts,lettuce,black olives, mushrooms,cucumbers, pickles and tomatoes and 1 very thin and dry piece of turkey. (see pics)While I'll admit it was better than Scrubway and Schizno's, it would have been even better if I was high. Since I don't smoke I'll let you all commence with your bogartin' and I'll have to cite all the reviews before me with a RUI (reviewing under the influence).I shoulda bought that nickel bag form Jay..........
4	I still have no idea what a Cheba is or where you find one.  Maybe in the Garden of Weeden.  I tried this place for the first time the other day ~ had a Chronic, their bar-b-cue sub and Ya MON!  It was very YA MON!  I was sent to the Garden of Weeden by the scrumptious flavor of this sub.  So I say long live the Cheeba Hut.
4	Cheba Hut is the culinary equivalent of writing 4:20 on your binder.  Each time I enter, I wince with embarrassment as I see the walls littered with marijuana-themed posters and action figures.I have a personal theory that most of the drug slang this place uses comes from those awareness pamphlets that they hand out at high schools.  The reason being, their slogan is, "Where the only thing fried is the occasional customer," and they toss other puns around like "toasted."  I don't think anyone's referenced someone as being "totally fried" or "toasted" for a good 25 years or so.  Their interpretation of stoner culture is very much whitewashed and made fun for the whole family.The ambience is not very pleasant if you are, in actuality, stoned.  They usually blast heavy metal really loud.  Even worse, it's a heavy metal radio station so you also get to hear idiotic radio banter.  Talk about a buzzkill!On the flipside, Cheba Hut's sandwiches are really good.  They are delicious.  There's no doubt about it.  I remember the first time I came in, they asked me what kind of bread I wanted and I asked what my options were.  The cashier told me they had garlic bread.I then said, "Whoa, that sounds bomb."He then said, "Yeah.  It is.  It's really bomb."You know what?  He was right.  I always have to fight rolling my eyes, though when I look at the menu because, man, every single thing is pot-themed.  It gets to be a bit much and I always feel like a jackass when I order, "Yeah, uh, could I get an 8 inch endo?  Duhhhhhh...."I do also like that there's only one drink size.  I don't have to put any thought at all into what lid I'm going to put on my cup.Cheba Hut in a nutshell:  Embarrassing theme, really good sandwiches.
4	Every time I go in here I can't help but get the giggles due to the drug theme.  It's cute and I just can't help but envy the employees just a bit for having a laid back work environment.    The sandwiches are great and I love that you get to customize them right before your glazed eyes.  The only negative is that the dining area is so small.  You have to basically stalk tables at certain points in the day.
2	I don't know why people hype this place so much.The bread is usually stale. Just because they blantently propagandize herb doesn't make it good.  Subway is just as legit. Plus it's a bit dirty.  What do you expect from an entirely baked work force.  If you find yourself in the vicinity of cheba hut, go to the Pasty.
4	Cheba Hut had a vision from an Amsterdam trip and is growing the dream to legally sell Chronic, ATF, Kush and more.    I get the special of the day because this is a rare place were most of the sandwiches are worth the try.  I also treat my self to a rice Krispy treat.  The restaurant has been seen as a great concept and can be found in many states. Its great to see a business find success with a Hippy concept.  Erik T. thinks Subway is great, go ahead man yelp about all the great subways in AZ I can't wait to read them.
3	The husband and I visited Cheba Hut last month after spending the morning getting some work done at No Regrets. I was super excited to try this place after hearing all the rave reviews of their toasty-goodness. First of all, the place totally cracks me up. We were lovin' the atmosphere and paraphernalia theme. Husband ordered the Griefo, and I decided on the Jamaican Red. Was a little confused at first by the ordering process, but no worries, the cashier helped us out (I'm sure they take "smoke" breaks). The subs were good. Mine could have been better, the bread was instantly soggy, and I think I fancied it up the wrong way. The hubby's was great - loaded with veggies and tons of guac. We were both unable to finish the 'pinner' size, they were so large. I look forward to returning and giving some other items a try.
4	Best toasted subs... EVER. I order the White Widdow and pretty much stick to that. It's awesome. The cheesy garlic bread... delish! Try it with pepper jack =) This place is a regular for us when we want a good sandwich. Hey... even my mom loves this place.
4	Wanna get high!!!  I usually don't...but after eating these sandwiches, I wanted to smoke a fatty so that I could have the munchies so I could eat another sandwich.  I eat at Cheba Hut on a regular basis, usually get the Midwest Best or the Pakalolo...both sandwiches are awesome.  Staff is very friendly and decorations are straight out of a Cheech and Chong movie... great place to grab lunch.
3	So, you don't HAVE to be a stoner to eat here, I think just to work here. The sandwiches are pretty deelish, the service is kinda slow (hmm, I wonder why?) Whatever, it is what it is, yummy sandwiches for lunch.
3	This place is good and I like the subs. I use to go here a lot in high school, but haven't been forever. Use you imagination to picture the usual crowd that hangs out there so its obviously not for the children. But all around decent toasted subs and more affordable that your Quiznos. I'm not the biggest fan of toasted subs but I don't mind them every once in a while.
4	I usually order the Afghani - spicy turkey.  I put everything on it and every minute of it is delicious. Worth mentioning is their ice tea.  Its brewed. Not that brisk/syrup and water bullshizz I've been seeing everywhere.  And its yummy! They usually have two types to choose from.  A black tea and a jasmine green tea (I think).I always bring a book with me since its usually a bit of a wait (5-10mins), especially during lunch.  But I've never had  a meal there that didn't warrant that.Bonus: the employees are nice and friendly and the people that frequent the spot are well mannered folk who at the very least, are entertaining to watch.
3	Sandwich lovers unite. Cheeba Hut has some great offerings; almost everyone should find something they will enjoy here.As you can read in the past reviews, they have a stoner theme. They don't push it on you, but it's all around in their locations. You don't have to use the lingo to order the subs, they'll get it if you don't call it a Pinner and just order by small/medium/large.The staff is very laid back and will usually have a conversation with little prompting, it's one of the more fun aspects of the environment.But what you really want to know is, the food, how is it? Well, it's usually great. I've had friends who have complained about random things, like not enough of a veggie or the toasted bread. It's never been something radical and opinion changing though. Sometimes if you get toasted bread and don't eat it right away it gets hard, that doesn't mean it was stale. I usually go with the Afghani, a spicy turkey sub with jalapenos. I get it just the way they have it on the menu and have yet to be un-satisfied. The service is prompt and the employees are a pleasure to deal with.Bonus that they usually have something entertaining on the TV here, so even if you're waiting and not engaged in conversation with an employee or random customer, you'll have something to fixate on.
4	I used to come here about once a week for their amazing vegetarian sandwiches. My favorite is the griefo with pepper jack cheese, hemp cream cheese, guacamole, sprouts, lettuce, black olives, onions, mushrooms, cucumbers, and tomatoes. The hemp cream cheese is to DIE for seriously! I also enjoy the humbolt, which is very similar, and the majic mushroom with sliced portabella mushrooms, teriyaki glaze, green bell peppers, pineapple and pepper jack cheese. The 8inch is soo big but makes a great and filling lunch. You can't beat the prices either. Get the garlic herb bread, it is the best. The only thing I do not like about this place is that the whole "marijuana" theme can get old and annoying. This location can also get really really busy and the sandwiches take time to make. Staff is usually pretty friendly and social though. One last thing is that if you eat there or have to wait for a while your clothes will smell like food :/
3	Came in for a quick lunch. The place is very campy, with cheesy marijuana innuendo decorating the walls and ceiling, and menu. I got the "Endo", Corned Beef, kraut and 1000-Island as the base of it. It did take like 10 minutes to make my sandwich come through the toaster oven. I'm a patient man, but it seemed a bit long considering there wasn't much business. The sandwich to me, seemed light on meat, but then again, I haven't been to a sandwich shop outside of Philly that doesn't pack it on. The place is cool for a bite to eat, the staff is cool and friendly, obviously enjoy their jobs, and makes for interesting people watching.
5	I LOVE this place. The subs are great and the staff is cool and friendly. I'm not sure why it takes so long to get my sandwich out of the toaster thingy but they give you plenty of weed propaganda to look at while you wait. If a Cheba Hut sub were to fight a Subway AND a Quiznos sub the Cheba sub would fully kick ass.
4	Good sandwiches.  I like the white widow the best.  Get it with some yellow peppers... yum.
4	Good sandwiches... I'm a fan of the Midwest Best and the White Widow. Been going here for a long time and anyone looking at reviews trying to decide... Just go and give it a shot man! it's a fun experience and the food is good, everyone is going there... No peer pressure!!! :)They should have one of these in every campus town!
5	please is the shizzle!!! not one bad sadwich on the menu all around fun place to bake then grub.  I recomend this place to everyone when I visit the AZ
5	As a dude who loves Sandwiches, this is the place that made me love sandwiches in the first place. I love spicy food and I can eat the Jamaican Red at least once a week. Oh, that's right. I always do. Add some Mountain Dew and the best Rice Krispie Treats, outside of my own, and you've got my favorite sandwich place ever.I also hear the pizza sub is good. I just can't be bothered not to have a Jamaican Red.
2	I didn't eat because, well, the line was about 30 feet long.But they had a fire dancer and tarot readings outside.Meh.
4	Cheba Hut.. I forgot how much I missed you. "Home of the Blunts" you are.. and I love it. A toasted sub places dedicated to the reefer, you may think of this joint as more of gimmick than anything, but I tell you that this is legit. I always end up with the Midwest Best - never lets me down. You gotta check this place out!
4	Ohhhh Cheba Hut, "WHERE THE ONLY THING FRIED IS THE OCCASIONAL CUSTOMER!" - exactly as I remember.I stopped in here for a quick bite and to rekindle old memories of high school.. as usual, the line is longer than it should be, because it takes forever to place and receive your order, possibly because everyone who works here IS ACTUALLY STONED. I don't mind though. A sub shop with sandwiches with names like "The Kind", "Kush" & "AZ Homegrown", and sandwich sizes labeled as Nug (4") Pinner (8") &  Blunt (12"), this has got to be expected. And I do believe that there is an Oz. of love in each sammich they make as well. Lately I've been on this mushroom kick so I decided on the Majic Mushroom Portabella.. consisting of Portabella mushrooms with their home-grown teriyaki glaze, then topped with green bell peppers, pineapple & pepper jack cheese. Fn' F'yeah is all I have to say about this magnificent piece of lunch. I used to order the AK-47 or the Pakalolo, which are both awesome as well, but my shroom sandwich was spot on. I loved it.This place is definitely worth the wait.. the only reason they lost a star is because they're slow, and I was in a bit of a hurry.. still, i'm totally going back, dude.
4	Ahhhh Cheba Hut...a friend told me when I first moved to Tempe that I had to try it so she took me there. HILARIOUS theme and great sandwiches. What more can you ask for?! Some may not appreciate the decor (ahem...) but you'll still appreciate the food! My personal favorite is the AK 47 which is basically a french dip with mushrooms and onions (and whatever else you want on it including parmesan and oregano). My boyfriend has tried both the Thai Stick (teriyaki chicken) and the Bbq Chicken (I forget the witty name of it) and a friend of mine loves the Midwests Best (an Italian club of sorts). The line can sometimes e long but all in all it's a pretty sweet spot to grab a sandwich!
2	Ugh. The worst thing about marijuana is the culture. Anyway, some credit is due to the owners of this place, they have found a successful niche.  This place is always busy.I get the whole "toasted" subs thing. Ha ha. However, having every sub toasted + having one slow toaster = a recipe for waiting forever.  It can take up to 20-30 minutes to get your sandwich during the lunch rush, and they really aren't that great.I recommend finding the nearest Port Of Subs.  Sure, your sandwich won't be made amongst wacky stoners, but it will taste better and be ready much, much faster.
5	How the hell have I survived this long without knowing the god-like sandwiches that are made here?I don't like "sub sandwiches". I hardly like regular sandwiches. When my boyfriend says "Hey, you want to get a sub?", I'm like "FUCK NO, don't you know that I hate them?!" But then one day he took me here and OMG.. my life has been forever changed.I ordered the "white widow" which was a delicious combination of chicken, cheese and I think ranch dressing. OMG. It was like an orgasm in my mouth.  I happily ate my awesome sandwich and giggled when I looked over on the wall painting and there was a little stoned crab smiling up at me. He totally knew how GLORIOUS this sandwich was. The staff is very nice, the food was delicious, and it was quite possible that at least half of the customers were stoned. But that's ok. Stoner food is mouth watering. I'm longing for my next toasted sub adventure. Mmmmm.
4	Me and my friend Jill were trying to figure out what we were going to eat at our annual fall picnic and we decided to grab some sandwiches over at Cheba Hut. All I can say is wow, very interesting place. As a few other reviewers have stated, the owner of this place definitely has a niche in the market on how he explains his sandwiches. Very creative. I ordered the 8 inch Chronic which was thinly sliced roast beef, BBQ sauce, green bell peppers, mushrooms & cheddar cheese. The place reminded me of Quiznos as the sub is toasted and you can add or subtract whatever you want on your sub once it is done with the toasting process. I added a touch of ranch, some pickles and some lettuce. Not too shabby. I also got a huge chocolate chip cookie that I have yet to eat as the sandwich was very filling. Although the place was full, we did receive our orders pretty quickly and was out the door headed to our picnic in no time. So if I am ever in the Tempe area and craving a sandwich, I just may have to stop by and grab me an "illegal" sub over at Cheba Hut. The staff are very friendly and it is a pretty cool place.
2	Damn stoners forgot to make my food!!! How could you do this to me Cheba Hut?? I've loved you for 9 years! I understand the argument of not being allowed to watch the flatscreen TV during work hours is an important one, but being that apparently talking to each other is too big of a distraction to not miss orders, I'm gonna have to side with management on this one.Aside from the literal temper tantrum I witnessed by the majority of the staff with regard to the aforementioned TV, screaming obscenities and all, everything else was pretty crappy too. I got a salad for the first time ever at Cheba Hut, specifically the Southwestern Chicken Salad, and boy oh boy was that a mistake!! After waiting 20+ minutes for my shitty salad, I am handed a bowl full of brown-edged lettuce with mayonnaise-based chicken salad looking suspiciously like it came out of a can scooped on top.  Nowhere did I see the spicy marinated chicken breast, salsa, and other southwestern accoutrement I was promised by the description.The manager/owner/person of authority came out at the last second to earn this second star by giving me a free rice krispie treat for my troubles, which was freakin' delicious.This broke my heart Cheba Hut, as I pretty much survived only on your Dank Nugs and Kind Pinners through college, but you did me wrong today. Get your shit together, get some fresh (preferably local) vegetables, and get the whiny, pre-pubescent boys out from behind the counter and I'll consider coming back.Until then, thanks to the god awful salad and non-service, you guys are cashed.
4	The sandwiches are good. I ate at the Fort Collins Cheba Hut earlier in life and was satisfied with both experiences. The toasted subs are heated on a Quiznos style conveyer belt oven. The staff was very kind a pleasant to deal with. It does seem weird to base a sandwich shop around weed but it worked here.
3	Been going here for, shit, 10 years? I really want to love it (pakalolo no Swiss sub pepper Jack) but lately it's been kinda pissin me off, for all the reasons mentioned by everyone else here.Great subs, not so much meat on them, kinda pricey, ultra slow, thumbs up for having mtn dew on tap.Oh, and not green/sustainable at all!! Tried to redeem about 5 punch cards totaling 10 punches for a free sammich but they wouldn't let me. They could have just reused the cards, giving the ones with one punch to the next customers instead of punching and wasting all new cards.Hippies my ass . . .I will probably be going back, though not nearly as much.
2	The guys who work there are more concerned about saying "what up boss", and "that's awesome" an their own life stories than noticing their customers sitting there for 20 mins with no food, with maybe one other customer in the store. I think maybe a few of them have fried a few too many brain cells and need some customer service training.
5	I love this place. I wish they would open even more locations around the valley. My favorite sandwich shop hands down!
2	This place is quite underwhelming.  Every three months or so, the thought comes up, "I haven't been to Cheba Hut in awhile."  And I go there, apparently not remembering why I hadn't been there in three months.Why is that?  Because the sandwiches are small, the meat is sparse, and the prices (and possibly staff) too high.  Yeah, their gimmick is fun, but if you want a good, well priced sandwich, look elsewhere.
5	Yes, it is probably as good as it gets for a SANDWICH place. Very tasty. All 3 of us liked our different sandwiches. I also ordered pasta salad but it really was not any good, but it does not matter as i did not come there for a pasta salad. Real good besides that.
2	Was a regular here. Used to visit once a week. Now after two visits in a row of them 'losing' my order, I am considering going elsewhere. At the time I didn't have time to wait for a remake. They offered me brownies and chips as consolation. That just didn't reverse my frustration. The sign on the wall says something like "quality takes time, it will be a miracle if you get your sandwich in less than 5 minutes". This is acurate. The sandwiches are good. Some unique combinations, combined with great herb garlic bread makes the sandwiches nearly worth the 8 bucks you are going to shell out. However, a Jimmy Johns opened a mile or two down the street. I get my food in 1 minute and haven't had an order "lost". I would have given them 4 stars prior to the last two visits, but the continuous loss of my confidence and over priced food brings it down to a two. It will be some time before I make it back to cheba.
3	This place is mediocre....I would even venture out there (no mans land) to say this place is the equivalent to a poseur stoner. everybody knows that true potheads only eat/order/work at SilverMine Subs (aka The *GoldMine*).-This is by no means a paid advertisement for Silver Mine Subs "Dig in at the Mine" Sub Shop & Eatery "We Deliver til' 3am on weeknights!!!"
4	As I'm typing this review out, I'm currently chugging down my Cherry Pepsi while slowly digesting my BLT sub.So my friend took me here for lunch today and although the place wasn't exactly the kinda joint [hehehe...] that I'm use to, I became a fan instantly!I had the 8" BLT [Kush, I think?] and it was sooo delicious!  Every bite brought me to toasty euphoric bliss.I definitely recommend this place to everyone!
3	I don't see the allure to this place. My friends swear by the place, but I think it's just meh. While my meal was not bad, I would not go back. I come from Philly, the land of hoagies and sandwiches. The whole pot gimmick was nice and all for the college community, but the sandwiches were nothing special at all.
4	Allow me please to Yelp about a lost gem of the sandwich world, Cheba Hut. I use to have the pleasure of eating one of there amazing toasted sandwiches on a regular basis back when I was a young pup attending ASU, but have since moved away from the Tempe area. I found myself in the area today luckily enough and decided to treat myself to my long lost place. My order?...The grilled Chicken Teriyaki sandwich with all the trimmings, pickles, lettuce, tomato, onions, sauce, cheese and pineapple. Just as delicious as I remembered it being. And really how often do you get the opportunity to eat underneath the world's largest blunt replica, and pictures of Cheech eating the same sandwich as you in the exact seat you are sitting in. Only at Cheba Hut, where you get the reggae mixed with Harold and Kumar laid back vibe. Definitely make a visit.
4	I am a big fan of Cheba Hut- but I will preface this with the only sub I ever get is the AZ Homegrowwn chicken salad. Yes the decor is 100% stoner and they have red Kool-Aid in a dispenser. The restaurant itself is tiny which is a drawback and there seems to be a lack of decent AC in the place. The staff is super friendly (but that may be due to other substances besides the sandwiches).  The line at lunch snakes out the door so be prepared to wait or try to come during off hours. Otherwise enjoy the toasted sandwiches amde with a little extra TLC.
3	Yeah the theme is pot, so your going to get a lot of stoners working and eating.  But not everyone in their is baked.  Their specialty sandwiches are where its at and can be very tasty.  I like to get the white widow, it is kind of heavy, but its filling, and make sure to get a goo ball (Rice crispy treat with peanut butter rolled into a ball).  Of course you don't have to go for those, but I sometimes do.  Lately they have not been consistently good as they were two years ago, but I occasional stop in maybe once every 2-4 months for a sandwich.  So it is kind of a hit or miss with me now.  Recommendation: This is not for kids or for people that do not like stoner culture, if your one of the latter of these people you will just leave pissed off that this establishment even exists.
4	I like Cheba. I have been going here for years. I like their sandwiches.But it's nothing above and beyond any other sub shop minus, the factor that they have spouts and I LOVE SPROUTS.I also DIG their brownies, probably more than I should.What I dislike is the service, half the time the employee's seem baked out of their mind and it takes them 10 minutes to make a sub when there is all of 2 people in the place already done eating. I still will go here and enjoy my grub but definitely not tipping the employees.
4	Good stuff. Everyone is very nice and it's way laid back. Pricing isn't too spectacular, but this is something I really like to hit when I can.
2	Cheba Hut. I think this place is okay. The pokalolo was my favorite sandwich. I have gone into this place many times, but always felt like something was either missing or needed to change. I don't think I ever really picked up on what that thing was. I will say that there is a lot of people who love this place. I think it is a bit overrated and got tired of the whole weed theme behind it. I also felt slightly disgusted by some of the people who made my sandwiches there (taking a shower is too mainstream for some of them).
3	So, it's a sandwich shop.  It has a whole weed theme to it. HA-HA, yeah I get it.This place does have some pro's working in it's favor.  Biggest compliment to this place...  They have kool-aid.  On tap.  No shit.  Let me repeat that.  kool-aid.  On tap.  Got it?  I had to rub my eye's in amazement and reflect on the pure genius of who ever approved that decision.  I can only imagine opening up the tap and letting it pour all over myself, bathing in it's elegance and beauty.  I assume this would violate a health code, so I will turn away from such behavior.  Sandwiches are decent, nothing to write home to mom about, but better than your typical chain sandwich joints for a comparable price.  Won't win any awards but hasn't made me throw up.  I read a few reviews of people whining about the bread being harder than it should.  It is toasted, you know "Like the typical customer" (and the employees)  FYI, that will make the bread stiffen up some.  An elementary example of cause and effect.    Takes a bit of time to get your food but it is even posted it takes a while to make a "quality" sandwich.  I disagree, but since they post it, the line has been drawn in the sand and their intentions are noted.  Fair enough.  If you don't want to wait, go somewhere else.The annoying things about this place.  You order your sandwich in some sort of pot head size, joint, penner, or whatever the hell they are.  Being pretty ignorant about this terminology myself, I just order a "medium" sandwich and they are cool with that.  The staff seems like your typical grab bag of a pothead assortment.  All shapes and sizes are represented.  The traditional hippie, the dreadlocked bandanna wearing pissed at the world guy, the pot smoking girls with bloodshot eyes and the "huh-huh" laugh, and the scrawny young guy laughing and smiling at nothing amusing and/or funny, like Leonardo DiCaprio in the movie "What's eating Gilbert Grape"  I can't tell if they are high or just don't give a shit.  All right then.  I'm not here to judge, just to eat.There is also a huge novelty joint hanging up in the store as well.  Not a lot of thought behind that, huh?  A bunch of tacky, goofy ass pot decorations and annoying associated artifacts are also always represented.  I suppose if I smoked weed this would be like eating at a museum or something.The tables always seem dirty but I think everyone is too high to give a shit.  Plus it is always been busy when I have been in there so I'll go ahead and give them a pass on this.  In all fairness, if this place was terrible I'd never come back, but I will.  Seems like I still grab lunch here every 2-3 months or so.  I'll still keep coming back, even if I have to deal with the whole weed thing.  Goddamn hippies.
3	College kids infatuated with Tommy Chong and the whole pot culture aren't the most discerning food enthusiasts.  This place fits them well.  For the rest of us, it is a decent sandwich in a very cramped space.
4	I went for the first time and was very impressed.  Hands down better food/selection/quality than Subway.  I had the GRIEFO  (HEMP CREAM CHEESE / VEGGIES) Pepper Jack, hemp cream cheese, guacamole, sprouts, lettuce, black olives, onions, mushrooms, cucumbers, pickles, & tomatoes.  I added pepperchinis and took off the pickles.  It was very delicious and the 8 inch was the perfect size.  I didn't even touch the salt and vinegar chips I got to go with it.  The drink selection was fun- soda, two kids of fresh brewed tea and other unusual drinks at the self serve.  I had Tang.  Where do you find Tang at a restaurant or counter service place.  I will go back again and I will never bring the kiddos.  :)
4	Since 2004, I have been ordering the same thing from Cheba Hut - "Nug" (4inch) Griefo on Garlic/Herb with all the greens/veg they have but mushrooms and cucumbers! Extra pickle please! Always the same. Never changing. No, I will not try another sandwich. I'm addicted to the Griefo, thank you very much. My name is Jill, and I'm a Cheba Hut Griefo addict. (HI JILL!) While sometimes the service can be somewhat slow, the product they produce is IMO, fantastic! Quality takes time. Even more time if a pothead is behind the counter making your sandwich. ;)
5	Rule of thumb, if there's a line of people out the door, it means they're doing something right. That was just the case at the Cheba Hut next to ASU. I was on campus and in the mood for a sandwich but I really don't like generic subs like the ones at Port of Subs or Silver Mine Subs. Ever since a friend recommended the "White Widow" sub from Cheba Hut, I've been hooked. I totally recommend "The White Widow" but they sometimes run out (most popular sub) so I'd also recommend "The Kind". I'm a pretty picky eater so recommending Cheba Hut wholeheartedly definitely means something. Everything in the shop is fresh and they make everything from scratch. The people working there are extremely friendly and helpful. Even with a line of people, they took the time to help me order. So, when you're in the mood for an AMAZING sub, stop by Cheba Hut and you won't be disappointed.
4	I've been to 4 Cheba Hut locations, and this one is my favorite :) Although it's a little on the small side, I still love it.  The staff here is always friendly (like when I was in crutches and one of the guys opened the door for me, aww :)) and the atmosphere is always chill and laid back (of course, it IS Cheba Hut, lol).  My favorite sandwich has got to be the Chronic (Roast beef w/barbecue sauce, yuuuum).  When I went through my vegetarian phase I often feasted on the Magic Mushroom (teriyaki-portobello mushrooms), The Californian (a mixture of swiss, cheddar & pepper jack cheese), and The Griefo (Hemp cream-cheese with veggies...I even ate this one as an omnivore).  They also have the best rice-krispie treats (and Trix treats) and giant chocolate-chip cookies I've ever had!!!
5	Wow, such an awesome place to eat at. The bread is awesome, the subs are amazing and the goo balls (peanut butter rice crispies) are to die for.  There's a reason this is a stoner's paradise.Tip: get the spicy ranch, I don't care what you put it on, get it.
5	I love Cheba Hut and always will. So many good toasted sandwiches... My favorites are the Spicy Widow (White Widow with the Jamaican Red meat), Afghani and The Kind, but there are so many more to choose from!Something about the bread or the toasting... these sandwiches are so damn delicious.
1	So everyone who comes to this place is either high, hungry, or insecure.  When I went to Cheba Hut the wanna be hipster behind the counter told me that mayonnaise was almost pure fat. Well thanks for the lesson buddy I'm sure it took a lot for your handful of brain cells to remember that but don't pass it on to me. Maybe if I was fat, I would be like "Oh hey this kid is watching out for me" but I'm not fat. In fact I need fat. Have you seen my profile picture for god sakes? They charge too much. They. Charge. Too. Much. Next time you go there, look at the ingredients of your food, then look at the value. Now back to me. You'll never value this good in your Cheba Hut burger. But that's ok. The truth is I could live without the group of pot smoking staff they have behind the register. I mean I get it you smoke pot, I've done it before too. But I don't define my life by it. Cheba Hut is the epitome of my hate. Also, beware of the pretentious guys that talk like half their mouth got a shot of Novocaine.
3	Great service and food. Cheap too. Motif is early reggae stoner basement.
3	The tasty illegitimate love child of Subway and Quiznos, but altogether MUCH better than both.  Plus the stoner basement look of the place is fun to check out while you wait for your sandwich to emerge from the toaster.  Only three stars because of the price of the sandwich versus the quality - it's good (really good) but not mindblowingly awesome.  And not for $8.  My Jamaican Widow was good, but a little sweet for my liking.  The Humboldt is tasty with tons of fresh veggies though.  And on a return visit, I'd want to tuck into an AK-47 (French Dip) before making a final verdict.  While Sacks wins the sandwich competition for me, do not rule out the Cheba Hut as no good.  The guys working there are incredibly chill all the while working hard to keep the line moving, and the sandwiches are indeed yummy.  Definitely worth a visit.
4	I took my husband here for the first time.  Him being a former smoker, he thought it was fun. I(not being a smoker) didn't mind the decorations or the stoned employees. I know this place is not for kids. But people with kids need to eat. It was a little annoying that they didn't have a regular chair. All they had was bar stools. You can't put an infant in one of those. It's ok. We dealt with it. I like the food. The sandwich was good. Definitely NOT worth the price. It was a little expensive for the quality of the food. I will return though...when I have a coupon.
5	I loved this place. I can't believe I hadn't checked it out sooner. The concept is hilarious and the food is really good. I got The Kind (bacon, turkey, swiss, and mushrooms) and it was delicious. The guys that worked there were really warm and friendly and joked with me. They even have Kool-Aid which I think is awesome. The sandwiches don't need mustard or mayo; the oregano and oil and vinegar give it enough flavor. This has easily become my favorite sandwich shop in the Tempe area and I look forward to eating here again as soon as possible.
3	This is just a fun place filled with novelty decorations and pretty decent sandwiches. "Harold & Kumar '08" stickers on the wall, Kool-Aid available, and a menu full of creative names add entertainment to lunch.Looking at the menu, the "Five-O", which was described as "all the pig, baby" - ham, pepperoni, salami, bacon, prosciutto, and cheese, made me smile, so that's what I ordered, on garlic herb bread. The sandwich was pretty tasty - probably on par with similar sandwiches at any of the major chains. There are plenty more choices on the menu that look good, so I'm sure I'll be back once in a while.
4	I bought a Group on here and stopped in a week ago to finally use it before it expired.  I loved the atmosphere, it reminded me of my party days!  The sandwiches were very good and toasted, the bread was MUCH better than what you find at any of the chains.  The veggies were fresh and the meats were tasty.  I wasn't a fan of the brownies, they tasted like box mix.I'm sure I'll stop in for a sandwich again next time I'm in the mood for a fresh made sub.
2	I'm gonna have to go against the grain a bit here - I wanted SO badly to love this place! I had only heard good things, and the theme - although a bit over the top - is fun.I ordered some Thai Teriyaki something something local special that they had written on a little blackboard in the front. It sounded amazing.What I unwrapped was a sauce-filled mess with 6 flakes of weird lettuce and white tomato slices. Oh and a metric fuckton of pepper. The bun ripped apart at the seam, presumably because of the enormous amount of sauce that was on the sandwich. And I'm a SAUCE girl, people. If it pours or you can dip it then I want a lot of it. But this was over the top for even me. I threw over half my sandwich away. The staff was fine but unremarkable, no real complaint there. The inside is kind of grimy feeling but I get that it's part of the theme. If the sandwich was amazing it'd definitely be forgivable. Normally I'd give it a second chance, but with SO many different sub places around, I probably won't risk it again here.
3	My friend raved about Cheba Hut the other night and as I was starving on my way home from work a few days ago, I decided to swing by since it's on the way. They have a vast menu and after looking at it for a few minutes, I decided on Midwest's Best. I placed my order and waited a few minutes for my sammy. There were a few other people in the place and the staff seemed pretty chill. After a while they called my name and I realized that you customize it after it comes out of the toaster, so I went back and got my fixins. Once I got home I dug in. I have to say that unless something is wicked unique about you're sub place, most sandwiches really taste the same. I normally don't like toasted subs but I liked this better than Quizno's, but for the price and overall experience, I can't say it's better than any other sub place.
4	Love the food! Love the White Widow! Love the Kool-Aid! Love it all! Except i can't stand all the hippies outside that try to pedel you for money. It seems every other time I go, there is always someone asking for change. I'm a very serviceable person to help others, but it just gets ridiculous sometimes.
4	same flavor that I've tried in Mesa and what better idea than to use some student coupons? I took a german friend here and he liked the KGB! Good stuff as always!
4	It's hard for  sub place to distinguish itself, but Cheba pulls it off. If I'm in the mood for a sub, this is one of my very top go-to places. Some interesting combinations I've not seen elsewhere (the whole pig - five kinds of pork deli), some cool munchies (froot loops marshmallow treats), and a friendly stoner vibe that seems legit and not just a marketing gimmick.
5	The best sandwich shop around,veggie friendly and unique menu.everything is good and fresh.the gooey balls are the best
5	I absolutly love this place.  I live in Chandler, go to MCC (there is a Cheeba Hut right across the street), but I travel the 20 mins to go to the Tempe store.  The people here are awesome.  They make you feel like a friend, not just a customer.  Everytime I go in the employees introduce themselves, let you take as much time as you need, and will answer 1001 questions without getting impatient.  They know exactly how to make the perfect sandwich.  I tell them to make it how they think its good and they are always excellent.  If you are visiting AZ YOU MUST GO! They not only offer great eats but an aptmosphere you will never forget.
3	Heyyy mannn, if you usually talk like how I'm writin' right now, and you, like, wanna spend your time hangin' out and don't mind waitin'... and waitin... for your sammich, this is the place to be dudes. Anyhoo, it took me 20 minutes for my sandwich to be made!  The bread is nicely toasted, the ingredients and sauce are plentiful, but the Thai jerk sandwich tasted a bit strange to me (probably related to the sauce), and was not worth the really long wait for lunch.
4	One of my favorite sub places for sure. They have such an assortment of sandwiches, the subs are all toasted, and you can fix them up with whatever you want. Way more options than subway. The food and meats are fresh. The food doesn't even really compare to most sub shops. The only thing that sucks about this location is the seating. This place is really small, so it's only good for you and a friend, unless you want to sit on the wall bar. I crave this place all the time though...so I go there often, despite the seating.
2	The Mesa location is far superior to the one on University...plus they have the better potato salad. I'm all about the herb, but there have been numerous times where my sub was made incorrectly because the person seemed all stoned out. Definitely go to Mesa!
2	OK, I usually see the glass as half full, but I've gone back to Cheeba Hut to give it another try and I just hafta say I think I'm not the target audience for this place.Positives:  The staff was nice.  The guy who made my sandwich was super awesome.   Most of the other guys I felt like they were sneering at me (maybe I was paranoid, man).  Maybe it was business attire and I represented "the man", man.It always seems dirty inside.  The food, frankly sucks.  For $10 I could get a HUGE kick-ass hoagie at Jimmy John's or Silver Mine subs. Cheeba's always seem to be lacking in meat & cheese. The roll, which was admittedly toasted, was so stale to begin with it basically crumbled into chunks when I tried to eat it.  The tomatoes were still green (and no, they were not high-end schmancy heirloom tomatoes...they were unripe).  The meats were skimpy, salty and flavorless.All in all, I think this is more about the schtick and stoned college kids, than actually serving up a quality sammie.  Maybe you need to be slit-eyed stoned and have the munchies to really get this place.
4	Solid food but an easy turn off for people people not into weed culture.
1	This place sucks. Over priced. Sub par quality food. But the subs have cute pot related names and there's posters on the wall, so let's deal with it.
3	This is purely idiotic coincidence that I am writing this review on 4/20. Although I like Cheba Hut, my experience at this one was less than stellar. I absolutely love the hemp cheese which I get in my griefo. Took a little too long for my sandwich to be made despite that there was no one there. I finally came up to the counter when they called me and he basically just asked what vegetables I wanted; no offering the "special sauce" like the other Cheba Hut does, and he didn't ask after that what else I wanted. Because there was two other people with me I didn't pay attention too much to my sandwich until he handed it to me. A different person was making my sister's sandwich and was asking her if she wanted things in her sandwich that the other guy did not ask me. Long story short I ended up having to ask the new guy to add a bunch of things to my sandwich which brought the time to 15 minutes to make my sandwich. As much as I love hemp cheese, there is a point to where it can be overload. The guy didn't remember that I still have to be able to eat the sandwich and loaded it with a ridiculous amount of cheese that it was incredibly messy and irritating to eat. I think I will just stick to the Mesa location from now on. On the bright side I tried the fruit crispies marshmallow treat, it was delish!
3	I think it's fitting to name sandwiches after blunts. Service is quick, decor is entertaining & food is filling. What more could you ask for?
2	Stoner-themed sandwich shop? Hmmm...So you park at the seediest strip mall in Tempe and there are drunk-for-three-days-straight creeps lurking outside next to a pay phone and muttering "Cheba Hut!" at you. There is a large wall menu inside that lists all of the different sandwiches with different weed names ("Chronic (duh)," "Griefo," "Panama Red"). I wanted an Italian salami type sandwich with jalapenos. I belly up to the register and order the "La Canna" and the cashier tells me that I can ask one of the sandwich makers down the counter to put my jalapenos on. Okay? Dunno what that's about but hey, I'm new here.Then we sit at a table and wait like 15 minutes to be called... which is kind of a long time for a sandwich. My name is called and when I go to pick up my sandwich I discover that the 15 minutes is needed to run the sandwich with meat and cheese through the toasting machine. Now they want to know what I want on it. "Jalapenos, and everything else." "Mayo mustard?""Yes.""Both?""Yes, everything.""Lettuce Tomato?""Yes, everything.""Onion pepper pickle?"We are both speaking the same language to each other so maybe the word "everything" disappears with THC-induced temporary amnesia, who knows. The sandwich itself is on some really thick bread that is toasted so the crunchy corners really did a number tearing up my mouth. Also, as my sandwich fell apart I noticed that my prosciutto looked and tasted more like cheap bologna. Yicch. I reeeeally wanted to like this place but since I was sober I didn't get that sense of "ohh, everything tastes so goooooood..... dude...."
4	fun concept that tastes great.  Funny how much better subs taste when their properly toasted.  You can't help but grin at the names of the subs.  Even if you don't dig the hippie theme there is no denying that this makes a mean sandwich.
4	I absolutely love the sandwiches here. I don't think I've ever tasted anything that was short of fantastic- from the side dishes to the variety of sweet munchies such as the Captain Crunch or Fruity Pebble treats. I only knock a star off for the fact that I have to "get over" the theme. It's kinda funny, sure, but it makes me feel a little skeezy to eat at a weed-themed restaurant. At least it knows it's nitch and doesn't try and be anything it's not- it's an inexpensive sandwich shop near a college campus that serves brownies and kool-aid. That aside, I still regularly enjoy their food despite their hippie atmosphere and often take out of town guests here (provided they're not TOO uptight, of course). It's one of those places that, regardless of your feeling on the theme, you should probably at least try once.
4	I recently moved from Surprise out to Tempe about a month ago. I live literally right across the street from Cheba Hut and was so excited because there was one across the street from my old college, it's a frequent hangout for college kids. The food is decent but I think the atmosphere and theme of the place is really what attracts people. I mean come on, how many weed themed places have you seen?! Haha However, since moving to Tempe and discovering a good dozen other sub places, I usually would try something else these days (huge Silver Mine Subs fan!) but all in all, Cheba Hut is decent and worth a shot if you've never been there (: Go get some "toasted" subs! haha
5	Ok so I don't usually give out 5 stars but DAMN!!! I love love love this place the sandwiches are seriously amazing. My friend Josh asked if I had ever been to it sadly no! Man was I missing out! Had a nugg size sandwich and it was the perfect size yummy next time I'm at his house I will be there:) Not gonna lie totally love the theme and feel of the place reminds me of the coffee/breakfast place by my house in tahoe love it all so felt at home here and that means the most to me!
4	The pot/stoner-themed decor (big fake joints, pictures of Bob Marley, etc) merchandise, the sizes (nugs 4', pinners 8', blunts 12') and sides (rice crispie treats with Fruity Pebbles, or the "special" brownies, Kool-Aid) add a fun atmosphere to a place that really should be known for good sandwiches on very good bread. In all the times I have gone here, I continue to order the same sandwich (Afghani) on wheat. This sandwich comes with thinly sliced turkey breast, jalapenos & pepper jack cheese. I add black olives and spicy mustard to mine. Staff has always been friendly, the place (while looking a little like the inside of a hippies van) never smells bad or looks dirty (beyond what people are dropping while still eating before the staff has a chance to clean up after them). If you want a (very good) sandwich at a reasonable price, you can't go wrong here.
4	Cheba Hut is a unique little sandwich shop in Tempe. All of their subs have marijuana based names and every sandwich I've had is pretty good.The sandwiches come in three size options, 4"-Nugs, 8"-Pinners, 12"-Blunts. I've had quite a few of their sandwich options and have to say that my favorite is the "Pakalolo", which features ham, Swiss, and pineapple. Some of the other winners are the "Kush", which is their version of the BLT, and the "Five-0", which is ham, salami, prosciutto, bacon, pepperoni, and cheddar cheese.This joint gets an above average rating of four stars for their tasty sandwiches and overall uniqueness.
3	Small chain sub shop with a weed theme.  They toast the sandwiches, and boy, are they good.  They have something for everyone-whether you want a plainer sub or a fancier one.  I always get the Five-O(ham, salami, pepperoni, bacon, and proscuitto), although one day I must try other sandwiches.  However, service is slow after you order.  You also don't get to see them assemble your sandwich, which is something I like.  They have the best sandwiches, but I really wished it didn't take them +15 minutes to do that.
2	I really want to like Cheba Hut... I just can't do it. I've been trying it again and again for some nine years now and I have decided it's just not going to work. The sandwiches are too bready and often too toasted making the bread hard, sure they have cute little names but they just aren't impressive. I genuinely like the meatball sub... I don't remember what they call it... the weedinator or something probably. But the decor is too much, the weed theme is taken too far, the staff seem to pick and choose who they're going to be friendly to and the food just isn't anything to write home about.
3	The food is decent. I like the salads better than the subs, but I'm picky about toasted bread. The first time I went to Cheba Hut, I liked the theme- toasted subs= stoner food so they have a lot of tie-dye prints and rasta/ stoner inspired art. It's unique, but doesn't cross the line for a college town. I think it fits in perfectly. I've always experienced the staff to be laid back and friendly. They also deliver locally.
5	Holy shit, this place is heaven. The menu is a great size, the ingredients were fresh and delicious, the desserts were awesome.Since this is a stoner themed place, the decor and names matched. It felt so cozy and friendly and down to earth there.I cannot wait to come back here and get another sandwich. If you're a local, you should visit and enjoy - even if you're not a stoner, it is SO worth it.
4	I love Cheba Hut we order it for lunch at work at least once or twice a month. Sandwich's are always spot on and flavorful. My favorites are the Jamaican Red and White Widow, all white meat chicken very tasty. I order the pinner size and I'm always full. The menu makes everyone laugh when they read it. What's even better now is they deliver, I love their slogan if you're too high we'll fly.
1	Went there tonight. (1/3/12)  Got a "Humboldt"--veggie and avacado sub.  The sandwich only two very, very thin slices of provolone and I asked for more and they added two more very, very thin slices of provolone.  Avocado was so thinly spread, you virtually cannot see or taste it.  I asked for wheat and ended up with white.  Asked for extra onions and she again added so little So in the end I had an iceberg lettuce and vinegar sandwich on white bread.  I tipped a dollar at both ends of the line and did not help because the service was terrible.  NEVER AGAIN!
5	OVERALL: I would eat Cheba Hut every day if I could afford it.THE GOOD- The subs are consistently delicious. It doesn't matter who's behind the counter, they will taste the same - EPIC.- The service is rarely slow, even when it's busy. And for the quality of food you get, that's a-ok! And more important than speed is personality. Every person I've met at this Cheba Hut is outgoing, friendly, and awesome.- The munchies here are abso-freakin'-lutely phenomenal. You'll notice the regular rice krispie treats tend to be out fairly often; there's a reason for that. OMNOMNOM!THE BAD- The price. While I don't mind paying it since it's worth it, I can say it is a bit on the pricier side for a sub, and can't blame anyone for complaining about it. Particularly since it's a college crowd and many college students pinch pennies, this price makes it a bit harder to come here too often.THE UGLY- The menu. Because it's so big it's almost overwhelming when you're not in the, ah... right state of mind. But it's manageable once you've been here and have your go-to sub! :)
4	mmmmmmmmm I am SO glad I finally made it to Cheba Hut!  I had heard so much about it and was super glad to finally get a taste of it myself.  First of all, walking in to the place is already setting the mood for a great restaurant.  Lots of random stuff all over the walls, lots of hippie constitutional rights stuff, lots of stickers and colors and things to see, and Family Guy playing on the TV.  Perfect!  The workers are all super chill and nice and take pride in making their sandwiches right and making the customer happy.  They were understaffed that evening and they told us so, just so we know that it'll take a bit more time (even with the sign that says perfection is an art so it'll be a miracle if you get your sandwich in under 5 minutes, or something like that), AND they had no rice krispy treats...at the moment.  I got The Bomb, pinner style, on the garlic bread and it was awesome.  I kept it simple with just cheese, onions, and parmesan (although I realized after the fact that pepperoncinis would be amazing on it).  It was probably the best meatball sub I've had in recent memory.  The sauce played a big role in that, being full of flavor and perfectly portioned onto the bread.  I got to try the pastrami one also, and that was was super good.  I think I'm going to get that next time I have a chance.I got a taste of a bit of a rice krispie treat too, freshly made and just cut while we were eating!  It was probably the best rice krispie treat of my life, and cheap for the huge chunk you get.  All of their deserts looks amazing, so the menu category "munchies" fits perfectly.  Anyway, Cheba Hut was delicious, the workers were awesome, the price was average, and I wish I lived closer so I could replace my daily Subway habit with it!
4	I kept hearing about this place from my buddy's GF and so we decided on a day trip to check this place out...Being from Atlanta, it was nice to walk into a place all things reefer and not feel too completely weirded out by it (it's not like we are in Amsterdam, were still stateside!).  The place is kind of narrow- the food prep on the left, seating on the right.  The counter has a huge menu posted, which I would suggest doing some research beforehand- or else you will have a stupified face (like myself) when its time to order.  I told them I was from Atl, and they were most accomodating.  They also have some nice baked goods at the counter too (I snagged a rice krispy for a snack).I didn't live too dangerously- I got the Hawaiian sub and kept it just meat, cheese, and pineapple.  The lady making the sandwich insisted it was too boring so I told her to throw a suprise ingredient in there- I am pretty sure it was oregano ;).  The bread was great, and the flavors were good as well.  There was a drink machine that had Hawaiian Punch too but I forgot it it was pepsi or coke products (i was in a haze... oops).If reefer culture doesn't offend (it's not like you are walking into Bob Marley's living room and getting a contact high) you and you want a filling toasted sub, then this place is worth a shot!Now if they can only open one up on the East Coast :)
2	I love the food at Cheba Hut - I would recommend it to anyone. The problem is the rudeness of the staff there. They act like they are too busy or have better things to do than take your order. Expect to wait a long time for your food. Don't go there if you are on your lunch break or in a hurry, because you are gonna have to wait. Music is extremely loud. Not a place you can go to have a business meeting to discuss business - not a good place for a date cause you can't talk to your date due to the loud music.
1	Okay we went in a group of eight at noon, so the place is packed with people and busy, we expected that. took us about 10 min to place order which was fine; rush hour. I Ordered white widow, blunt with guacamole sauce came to about 11$The fun part started, waiting for our sub, after about 15 min first sub delivered to one of the guys in the group, another 5 min and everyone in the group got their sub but me so I decided to play it cool and be nice and give them some more time.About half a dozen of people got their subs and I still didn't get mine I asked for my sub and mentioned that I've been waiting for a while, the answer was oh what's your name oh ok yours is coming out in a second, a minute passed and didn't see my sandwich at this time i started getting upset asked again for my sandwich but no one seemed to have a clue about it and the person who seemed in charge looked for my order and said oh yea its coming, 5 min passed and another half a dozen of people went by and I still didn't get my sub. By now about 30 min have passed and more and more people got their food and I'm standing their watching. Went back to the staff and asked for my money back. I don't care how good the food looked like or how many people say its taste good, with this rudeness and carelessness this store is worthless. Btw One of the guys in my group got the wrong sandwich.I might give this store another try if they tried to make it up to me. Would I do it again with a group or a recommend to friend. No.  Don't embarrass yourself and go their. I'll let you know if they proven me wrong and contact me through Yulp and show that they do care.I will keep you guys posted
5	I'm from Virginia, and I visited Phoenix, AZ a few months ago.  My first trip after the Airport was this Cheba Hut.  I'm not a big sub person, but I wish there were Cheba Huts in VA near me so I could go every day.  The service, the food, the atmosphere are all amazing.  The service was polite and awesome, I felt like a wanted customer and the lady who took my order was very sweet.  It takes a few more moments to get your sub here then say if you went to Subway, but it's way worth it.  The sub I got was amazing, and the best food I had for my entire visit of Phoenix.  If you like great service, great food, and great atmosphere, you must, must, must, visit Cheba Hut.  I only wish we had them in Virginia, I would make it a regular hang out.
4	Cheba Cheba y'all...this place has a great selection of subs and soups, plus the service is great. They always treat me like I'm a friend that they've known for years. My first time, and everyone I've brought for their first time, received half off their bill. Not sure if thats what they do for everyone or if its because I brought hot chickas in. There have been many occassions where I've seen people come in baked and put unnecessary toppings on sandwiches.  Like mayo, mustard, lettuce--the works, on a meatball sandwich--which is funny and harmless, just be warned. They also have great desserts for people with the munchies. 4-20 is a big holiday here too and it's funny to see people out of their minds demolishing food, plus you get free stuff!
2	When we go there we order together so we can pay for our sandwiches as one transaction. One of the subs we order is an old special and they don't have a specific button for it but they know how to make it. occasionally they get it right and a few times they have missed one or two of the items that comes on the sub. Then when they call our name usually just I go up and tell them what additional toppings I want and the past few times.. by few I mean 4-6 times.. they just go ahead and put whatever toppings I say for the first sandwich on the second and call it a day. Until I ask them what about my second sandwich it has different toppings. then they go and take all the toppings off the first one so neither of us get what we want. This happens over and over so unless you are super specific which doesn't always work. It seems when I want it done correctly I end up having to complain to them that they never do it right.
1	Okay we went in a group of eight at noon, so the place is packed with people and busy, we expected that. took us about 10 min to place order which was fine; rush hour. I Ordered white widow, blunt with guacamole sauce came to about 11$The fun part started, waiting for our sub, after about 15 min first sub delivered to one of the guys in the group, another 5 min and everyone in the group got their sub but me so I decided to play it cool and be nice and give them some more time.About half a dozen of people got their subs and I still didn't get mine I asked for my sub and mentioned that I've been waiting for a while, the answer was oh what's your name oh ok yours is coming out in a second, a minute passed and didn't see my sandwich at this time i started getting upset asked again for my sandwich but no one seemed to have a clue about it and the person who seemed in charge looked for my order and said oh yea its coming, 5 min passed and another half a dozen of people went by and I still didn't get my sub. By now about 30 min have passed and more and more people got their food and I'm standing their watching. Went back to the staff and asked for my money back. I don't care how good the food looked like or how many people say its taste good, with this rudeness and carelessness this store is worthless. Btw One of the guys in my group got the wrong sandwich.I might give this store another try if they tried to make it up to me. Would I do it again with a group or a recommend to friend. No.  Don't embarrass yourself and go their. I'll let you know if they proven me wrong and contact me through Yulp and show that they do care.05/15 I guess they really don't care about their customers
4	Fast, friendly, quality food and *ahem* ambiance.
4	So...dang...good. The Humbolt on garlic herb is ahhhhhmazing (make sure you get a side of ranch) and it goes down well with a tall cup of Kool-Aid. Lunch time can be crazy and if you go in the afternoon, prepare for a lengthy wait. Not cheap but not expensive and definitely the quintessential 'munchies' food.
5	My new Tempe addiction! I recently moved less than a mile to this place and have been 4 times. I have tried different sandwiches each time and they are always perfect! So far my favorite is the wake n bake. It has bard boiled eggs on it which add such nice texture and flavor. The staff here is also very friendly and attentive. And who doesn't want a nice glass of kool aid to go with your "blunt"?!!
2	I've been to Cheba Hut too many times to count, and the sandwiches are always excellent, but I usually leave feeling annoyed at the slow service. My friend and I came here last night and got one 12" sandwich to share and were waiting for 25 minutes when we finally decided to ask what the deal was. It turns out that they had already made the sandwich, but they had forgotten the ticket (?), so it had been put aside without a second thought. They apologized and proceeded to make a replacement for us only to mess it up yet again. On the third try, they finally got it, but we spent 40+ minutes waiting and were not offered anything to make up for it besides the first messed up sandwich that would have been thrown away anyway. One of the employees apologized, but it didn't seem very sincere. Anyway, great sandwiches, but I don't know if I'll return to this location after the experience that I had!
4	You don't have to be a pothead to like this place, I promise!  You just have to like really good sandwiches, which this place offers in spades.  I am a big fun of the White Widow - chicken, cheese, all kind of toppings, and ask for the special chipotle mayo.  Oh yeah.  Awesome lunch spot every day.  No brownies included.
5	Awesome sandwich. Takes 10 min instead of 5 at subway but that's what it takes. Love that they expanded so there is more room. The staff is pretty friendly and it is clean from what I remember. Love it, gotta start tryin different sandwiches besides the afghan, but it tastes so good.
2	Cheba Hut is a place I love and hate. I love the quality of the sandwiches and the fact they're toasted! They have veggie options and all kinds of sides and unique drinks, and a variety of tasty desserts. I hate how it can be hard to order your food cause the cashier or sandwich maker is high and slow as shit. The weed theme is amusing, but it can only go so far before it affects the quality of the service and the work ethic that a business has. Numerous times I have had rude, stoned jerkoffs answer the phone and treat me like I'm a fellow piece of shit stoner with all the time in the world, which is bullshit. I know other people have had the same problem and the management needs to address this; tell your employees to leave the herbage for their own time, and to bring their A-game to work!
5	Knew I had to go here after seeing the theme and giant blunt hanging from the wall. Next time I will get a blount size sandwich, but today just tried the 8 inch pinner. My order was for "the Kind", turkey/bacon/mushrooms and swiss. This was a great toasty sandwiich, best one I have in the toasted category. Lots of fresh toppings added as you yell out what you would like in the sandwich. Garlic herb Bread is clearly the way to go here. Of course of my first visit I had to try the snacks and ended up with a chocolate and vanilla rice krispy treat, which was unusual, sorta healthy and good for post session desert. This is my kind of place, it would have been back in college too. Some things never change. Alsom oipen til midnight.
4	Cool ambiance, great bread, little skimpy on the meat, but overall quite a tasty sammich.  The Golden Grahams / Cocoa Krispy treat was a pleasant surprise, and it was "kool" that they offer a few different flavors of Kool-Aid and Tang in the beverage area.  I suppose I wasn't blown away, but that's probably due to all the hype this place garners.  I'll go back, but I'm not in a hurry to do so.
5	Yeaaaa ceba hut! The best sandwiches goin in tempe in my opinion. Whatever you do YOU MUST get it on their garlic bread! I suggest the East Coastern (pastrami hot) but you really cannot go wrong here. They have an entire menu of tasty choices, and they deliver for you too if you can't drive! At the shop you can grab a kool aid, enjoy some good tunes from the employees, and watch cartoons. They've recently expanded so there is also a lot of new space for people to enjoy their sandwhiches. (Personally i liked it as a packed joint, but whatever space is cool too. Definitely get your sub toasted. If you're super starving, grab one of their tasty soft cookies!They have a huge stoner theme going on, which is great if you appreciate that! but fear not! the sandwiches are good enough for any "square" to crave it on their lunch break. GO GO GO, you will not be dissapointed. LUNCH or munchies.
4	they're good sandwiches. not the sort you see everywhere else, slightly on the healthier side, made with pride by folks who always seem to be in a prrretty good mood....for WHATEVER reasons. their food seems slightly overpriced to me, but it's worth it sometimes to get that CHEBA experience.  and THAT is why i was so sad to hear that they would soon be serving ALCOHOL,,,TERRIBLE IDEA!  i believe this idea sucks so seriously that i could go on for some time about it (and several people i've spoken to fully agree).  but here are a few key reasons why it's a lousy idea; 1. the cheba atmosphere will NOT mix well with drunk/drinking patrons. 2. there is alcohol available virtually anywhere in that whole neighborhood (entirely not a novel item). 3. it will be open too late (for stoners) now. people will think it's uncool. an alcohol environment will bring AALLLL sorts of unwanted elements to this true staple of the tempe area. i have been a fan since 2002, and wish they would reconsider this ill-conceived scheme. how about some coffee, some tea, some other kind of healthier ...mellower beverages?? now that would be nice. if you agree, let them know that Tempe doesn't need ANOTHER BAR!
5	Always been one of my favorite sandwich places I have been to.
3	Darn it! I have been going to this place for years and it seems that they have diminished their seving size. Bummer, time for the other guys.
4	I love these sandwiches!! Toasted and delish. I wouldn't recommend it if you are in a hurry since it takes a little while for the toasting but they are very worth it. I get the Griefo. Don't worry you only feel silly ordering the first time. I love the spring mix lettuce they offer.
4	YUM! This place has fabulous sandwiches and LOTS of variety!  The sandwiches are toasted and come in 3 different sizes.  The restaurant itself has a hippie/music/marijuana vibe and has plenty of seating.  The wait takes a little longer because of the toasty subs, but it's worth it!
5	Calling all stoners, Calling all stoners. Well ok not just stoners because the food here is awesome for those of us who aren't stoners too.The menu names will make you feel like you are breaking the law just by ordering a La Canna Blunt or a Kush piner but the only thing illegal about these is how good these "toasted" subs taste. No matter what your mental state when you get one of these you will chow them down like you haven't eaten in day.My personal favorite is the aforementioned La Canna fileld with your usual selection of italian meats and olives, throw on some of there pickles and you have a tasty snack to munch on. Don't forget to order one of their special brownies filled with all kinds of chocolatey fudgey goodness when you get the dessert munchies.
5	So tasty, and the vegetarian ones are delicious too though the Thai stick is my fav. Have to get a cap'n crunch Krispy treat too, sooooooo good. Can be a long wait for lunch so try calling in
3	I had a blunt today. First time here. It was a good sandwich. I got in early so beat the lunch line. I liked the atmosphere, but the table was dirty from the previous customer. Problem was though that all the booth's were dirty (table or seat).
5	Great sandwiches and salads and very nice and fun customer service! I CAN"T wait to splurge and come get a sandwich with garlic butter and cream cheese and veggies, I dream about it!!
4	If you don't like this place perhaps its that you're uncomfortable with the atmosphere, not delicious hot and tasty "toasted" subs.  If you're uptight or offended by tatoo's and slackers, and can't handle a little "sub" culture experience than this probably isn't the best sub sandwich "joint" for you.  (pun intended where quotations appear)  However, if you're hip/down/all the rage/modish, all those definitions of cool wrapped in one fatty, or simply don't mind the MJ theme you will no doubt enjoy their subs.  I personally like the Afghani and I don't mess with a nug or a pinner, I go right for the blunt and follow it up with a brownie.  This place makes me feel like a kid and although I don't go there as often as I used to when I worked over in Tempe back in the day, I know what a good sub tastes like and these people do it right.  I think the appropriate way to sign off on this review is obvious.  Peace!
5	Everything is dank, man.
4	Love this spot! Enough variety to keep me interested every time I roll through.Step away from the "White Widow". Not that it's bad... It's just that there is so much more to enjoy here!Kool-Aid is a great touch too. Don't be afraid or put off by the theme of the place. The food is dank.
4	I've always held a special place in my heart for Cheba Hut. It was definitely a college staple. Who would want a full "Blunt" of "The Kind?" Yes, it may have a little of the pothead culture to the place but that adds to the appeal. The sandwiches are baked, which really brings out the flavor of the meat and cheese. The toppings are always fresh and delicious. Who doesn't like that they have Kool-Aid on their drink menu? Cheba is definitely a spot I love to hit every time I am in Tempe. The atmosphere is great and the staff is really laid back. Who'd a thunk? If you are looking for a good place to get a great sandwich, definitely check this place out. So much better than the chain stores out there.
4	I am NOT dissapoint!Gud place to hav food. I come heer vith friend pothed, he say hav munchees. I order panama red subwich, very delishus, yum! Some nice vomans sitting next to us, but i suspekt pothed too. Ok vith me, I don't hav voman yet. Sad face :( BUT! Panama red so gud I forget about vomans! Only bad thing, not much meet on subwich, a little dissapoint. So fore stars not faiv.I come agin try something else. Maybe meet voman finally! *keep optimistik!
4	Delicious sandwiches!  Okay so I am convinced that in every good sandwich shop everyone is stoned (I think it's an unwritten rule) and Cheeba Hut is of course no exception to this rule.  As the name implies this is a stoner sandwich shop.  Then menu is huge and full of unique and delicious sandwiches!  I have had quite a few of them and they are all tasty.  The hemp cream cheese is the die for.  Also don't forget to grab a rice crispy treat complete with tons of random cereals thrown in.  This is a great spot.
5	I got to get my dream sandwich the other day, a veggie sandwich loaded with garlic butter and cheeses.  It was perfect.  I do have to mention that they messed up the order, wrong breads, wrong additions, etc... thankfully it made mine taste better :) Hahah!
4	Cheba Hut is one of those beloved institutions in a college town, full of low cost and delicious items, perfect for developing those classic college memories or in my case, trying to remember what it was like to be in college. I'm primarily a fan of the veggie hummus sandwich, the silver haze, but the white widow, with chicken, bacon and ranch dressing, is also quite good, though somewhat heavier.A few years ago this location was quite a bit smaller but the owners bought the store location next door, kicked out the wall, and created a much bigger eating space, as well as putting in a bar at the back which provides eaters, stoned or not stoned, with a variety of delicious beers, several of them locally brewed.At one time you ordered your sandwich and then waited for your name to be called and walked up to the happy hippy group where the sandwiches came out of the toaster oven, to choose your toppings and experience some cheerful hippy vibe. However, last time I went in, they killed the back end process, with everything being ordered up front. I have to say, NOT a fan of that change, it makes Cheba seem overly corporate and chain like and misses exposing customers to that classic hippy culture with that back end discussion with the sandwich makers so owners of Cheba Hut, if you are listening, stop trying to be so process driven, the inefficiency of the sandwich making, with the two step process, is a key part of your culture, it is what makes Cheba Hut, Cheba Hut, so bring it back! Think of it as a form of relationship marketing, maybe not as fast as one order and done but it was one of my favorite parts of coming to this most lovely of sandwich places.
5	It had been a great long while since I had been to Cheba Hut. I recalled a tiny establishment with almost no places to sit and a friendly staff that took a little while to make your food but it was well worth the wait.A few days ago, went with the boyfriend here for dinner. To my amazement, the place had been expanded! Tons more kitschy pot themed decor and a lot more tables. Plus, they serve beer now which is pretty cool. You can get a blunt and a beer, haha!  I ordered the Griefo and my boyfriend ordered the club sandwich. They used to ask you what you wanted on your sandwich as they were making it (a la Subway style) but that has since changed. The staff is very friendly and helpful, I'm glad that part hadn't changed. Food arrived relatively quickly and wow, was my Griefo delicious! I hadn't yet experienced hemp cream cheese before because I was never brave enough to try it. The sandwich had really fresh ingredients. Boyfriend quite enjoyed his sandwich as well. Afterwards, we shared a rice krispy treat..opted for the one that had fruity pebbles and froot loops! Yum.Stop going to Subway (where almost everything is processed-gross) or Jimmy John's (bland) already..it's not nearly as good as Cheba Hut.
5	Yummmmm i am so hooked on this sandwich
4	These sandwiches are kush!!!  Staff is great, ambiance is entertaining and they have a fun selection of beers!!!
4	The sandwiches are delicious, if a bit spendy, but they are large and filling. The marijuana theme is hilarious :-) but maybe not kid friendly.Its a college joint, and right next to ASU so whatever.I would definitely eat here again if I was in the mood for a sandwich (admittedly not often).
5	Gotta love this place. Not kid-friendly, definitely a stoner/teen joint, but I love going here and they've got great sandwiches. I love the 420 theme and awesome hippie vibe; it keeps me coming back time and time again. The pot-related decor is just fantastic. I also really like how even after you order your sandwich, you get to choose your toppings when they call your name as they make it. Love that the subs are toasted.I've only had the Humbolt and Majic Mushroom so far, but I look forward to trying more of the options.They've got some good dessert/sweet treat options, too (Goo Balls all the way!). And Kool-Aid as a drink option is just great.Eat there on 4/20 and get a green frisbee on a plate! Plus it's just the place to be during that "holiday."
5	Cheba Hut is the type of place that once you get a craving for it, you just can't stop craving it until you have it in your belly. Which is why I only let the craving go for about an hour. I have to indulge.It is in somewhat of an awkward strip mall, but it's old Tempe. My favorite? The Afghani with extra jalapenos and of course a cup of Purple Kool-aid. :D
5	Best Sandwich shop ever!  Nuff said.  Eat Toasted Blunts with your buds.  :-)
4	Great subs and cool atmosphere! I make sure I hit this place every time I am in town. They have expanded since the last time I was in and there are plenty of tables now!
3	Tastes like a vamped up Quiznos to me. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing. Worth giving this place another try. Until then, 3 stars remain.
4	I freakin LOVE this place! I am not a huge smoker but I love the references... I almost died laughing at the ice cube reference... I am corny. I know.The sandwich was good, I also got a brownie. I'm not a sandwich person so I couldn't go into detail about it but I do know it was good. My BF introduced me to this place because he used to eat here when he was at ASU. Great place!
5	Everything is good here, and Everybody goes here because the Subs are Awesome! crazy atmosphere with comfortable people to talk to. lots of laughs and fun here. mainly, the food, munchies , and drinks are just awesome and quick!
5	If you love sandwiches and are apart of the legalizing mary jane movement then here's the place to go! They have about 4 different flavors of Kool-Aid as well as liquor for u drinkers out there. The entire staff is cool fits tempe down to the T. If you have the munchies and you are in the tempe area check it out
5	A favorite go-to for a delicious sandwich. Their sandwiches are made with the kitchen sink approach and it works fantastically. Everything looks great, but I can't seem to stray from the veggie and guac Humboldt. Love the friendly workers!
4	I'm not a stoner but I love the motif of this establishment.  Let's start with the food... it was FREAKING FANTASTIC!!!  Let's talk about trying to buy a sandwich in Tempe after 3 on a Sunday...  I think it's awesome that the only freaking place that has the work ethic to be open was the sandwich shop with the stoner philosophy.  But it's just a philosophy inside there were many hardworking people making great sandwiches.  They were an absolute machine of productivity.  We got three different sandwiches The Humbolt for the pickiest vegetarian I've ever met and she loved it.  The AK-47 for the woman whose had the best french dip sandwiches in five different states and even take out she was blown away by it.  And I had the White Widow and after a day of eating noting but a yogurt all day was the most flavorful toasted chicken-bacony extravaganzaa I could hope for.  Cannot recommend this place "highly" enough.  But seriously you will not be disappointed. .
4	Cheba Hut is delicious, even if you're not a stoner! The veggie sandwiches are the bomb even if you're a meat eater. GO!The servers are sometimes kind of out of it, I wonder why...but it doesn't matter that much because the food is amazing.
5	This is easily one of the best sandwich shops in Arizona. I usually get the white widow, but I've never had a bad sandwich. Everyone here is great, as is the atmosphere.
2	Although the people are great with customer, i believe the Cheba Hut on southern has better sandwiches.
5	Best sandwiches and subs in Tempe. Don't wate your money at Subway or anywhere else, this place is awesome. All of their locations are warm, welcoming, friendly, and fun. And their theme is so funny, who thinks of a marijuana themed sub shop? They do. I love the names of all of the creative sandwiches. If you have the munchies (you know what I'm talking about) go here!
2	Love their sandwiches, and I am a regular customer. Yesterday went with a colleague and they messed up her order. We ended up waiting for an hour and they still didnt get her sandwich. When we went to the counter and asked, they made one (which they brought to the table about 20 mins later) then it wasnt what she ordered! Very very disappointed with their service!
5	This. Place. ROX! I'll never go back to Subway or Jimmy John's again! I had The Kind (Turkey, Bacon, Swiss n Shrooms) on garlic bread with veggies and mayo and BOY was it phenomenal! My husband got the AK-47 (French Dip with red onions, shrooms and provolone with mayo and lettuce) on garlic bread and that did not disappoint either. This place also has great snacks! I sampled a ball of mashmallow melted with fruity pebbles and it truly hit the spot! I am looking forward to making this my regular lunch place every Sat while I do my laundry (24 hr laundry mat in same plaza) and am going to enjoy tasting everything on their menu. They are open late AND deliver!If you're a toasted Sammy lover like me, you'll LOVE THIS PLACE TOO! CHECK IT OUT!
2	sandwiches are good,but this place is filthy. Clean the tables hippies
4	This place is a complete stoner place... which, as a teacher, makes it tough for me to be in there... but the sandwiches are so dang good, it's impossible to stay away! AMAZING sandwiches!!!
4	I just ate one of the best sandwiches I have had in a long time! Thank you so much for giving me such a pleasure experience.  The Koolaid is so delicious, it must be "SPIKED". :)
5	Best sandwiches!
3	Although I love this place, I do have one complaint. I don't know if the people making the sandwiches are high--though I guess in a place like this you can't be upset if they are--but the past TWO times I've been there, they've screwed up my order. Not totally destroyed it--but I ordered the Cali Mist and the first time I asked for avocado and jalapenos only on one half (I got a pinner)--when I got the sandwich there wasn't avocado on either half and jalapenos all over it. The second time I asked the fellow at the register, just to confirm that the sandwich came with avocado and he said yes. I told him I wanted it all over the sandwich and all of the other toppings as well--no changes to the normal order. When I got it home THERE WAS NO AVOCADO!! Don't get me wrong, it's still a great sandwich, but damn it! It's the principal. If they screw up my order ONE MORE TIME I'll never go back and I have been a loyal weekly customer because I do my laundry in the same plaza and usually grab a sandwich while I wait.
5	If you want your typical fast, mediocre sub sandwich then this is not the place.If you want the toasted sub of a life time, come here.Every sub is unique (not something you can get just anywhere). Oh and the sandwiches come out perfect EVERYTIME because the staff doesn't rush through putting them together. Great atmosphere, great food. Hands down awesome.
4	Toasted subs oh my. Wanted to try the pastrami and they were out. Bummer. Ordered the white widow, chips and drink for $10. No complaints.
5	Cheba always hits the spot, and this location never disappoints. I like the fact that they have a few variations of vegetarian subs. The new ordering style took some getting use to but in the end, it's probably faster. This location now has local brews which is a nice touch. Come here for the best toasted sub in the area.
2	Food is great, prices are ok, service is... high, and the place is kinda dirty. Tables are always a mess! Kool-Aid on tap which is awesome. Soda was flat both times we went. Second time, after 40 minutes, I went up to check on the order... they had no idea what order. Had to reprint and another 15 minutes later our food came with a sorry. Really want to love this place but guess you have to be totally baked to just shrug off the shortcomings. Meh.
4	Came back, service was on the ball and friendly, food was fast, and was what we ordered. Tables and counters were way cleaner too though we did come much earlier this time. Soda machine was still flat but didn't matter since we went right back up for Kool-aid. Win.
5	My Second Cheba Hut visit....hit the other one in SD.WOW...another 5 star place.
4	Hey guys, today I will be doing a review of the Cheba Hut Tempe, AZ location. Now I used to "light up" a lot of marajuana back in my younger days but I mean who didn't, it was the 70s LOL. On my daily drive home after work I always go by your restaurant and have heard from my son that your food is quite delightful. One weekend when the wife and kids were gone I had a few buddies come over for the sports games and my friend Erik surprised us with some four-hundred and twenty marajuana. After we had a few smokes we went over to the Cheba Hut and had the most divine sandwiches I've ever had. I beileve I went with the "Dank" sandwich, not sure if it was the grass talking LOL, but that was one of the best eats I've ever had (don't tell my wife!) Keep it up Cheba Hut.
5	I love Cheba hut. The food, the environment, the people, everything. These are the best subs ever. My friend and I frequent both the Hardy and University location, and the Southern and Dobson location on a regular basis. We go too often to be honest!The ingredients are fresh and I love the fact that every sub is freshly toasted.All of their locations are incredible but this one gets the fifth star. Why? Because they serve draft beer! The beers are priced very reasonably. Something like $3. Thanks to the bar area you can get a cold one and meet some generally awesome people. This location is also insanely close to my house which is also a plus.Stay cool Cheba Hut.
5	I went to Cheba Hut for lunch today.  I was incredibly impressed with the Pakalolo (ham, pineapple, swiss) and I got it loaded up with veggies to the max...it even includes a pickle inside the sandwich.  I was going to rate this place FOUR STARS until I thought about how amazingly clutch that pickle was hanging out inside my sandwich.  FIVE STARS!!!  I'm probably going again tomorrow.
5	Love this place! The white widow is the best! Haven't tried a sub here I didn't like. Ordering seems to have changed a bit where you order the fixings up front instead of being called to the counter and choosing. I like it the former way but its not a big deal as long as the person taking your order has a good memory and can list off the fixings. Loooove the strawberry kiwi kool-aid! The munchies are also delicious and will make you feel 10 years old again.  The subs are so filling that munchies are good for later.
5	So the Apollo 13 was amazing. Usually I get a white widow or red widow but the cashier recommended it and I have had it every day for the last week. I wake up with cravings for it. If you like Greek salads you will love the Apollo 13. Amazing. And the people are great here. Best sub place ever
1	Ask them to wear a hair net when they make your sandwich. I used to eat here a lot till I got hair in 3 sandwhich's. Two where on the same day. Hell no will I go back
5	The place has some killer subs.  I always get La Canna, it's the Italian and comes with a big juicy pickle, hold the blk olives plz.  I feel uplifted somehow every time I go in there, maybe it's all the weed posters.  Employees are SUPER SUPER friendly.  Tuna is in need of a serious upgrade to albacore, would be awesome because the ranch is killer too.  Stir it up and try this place.
1	I ordered a sandwhich an hour and 10 minutes ago from this sandwhich shop for delivery and I just called to see what's taking so long and they were like "oh yeah, we looked up the address and its outside of our delivery area... sorry man". I am only 3 miles away. I even gave them my phone number and hotel info and they didn't contact me to let me know what is up. I'm away on business with no car so I'm relying on delivery. Its past midnight now (hate eating this late) and I have to try and find a way and get food. I don't usually write angry yelp reviews but the service was as bad as their 420 innuendos.
5	Dopest sandwich shop in all of the land, get the Humboldt if you're looking for something fresh-tasting , otherwise just get whatever you want
4	First word that comes to mind when i walked into this joint (hehehe) was "hippy." Its decor was exactly what you would expect seeing how it's name is Cheba Hut. They do make some awesome sandwiches and dessert/treats though. The ingredients taste fresh and i like that the sandwiches are made to order & are toasted too. Recommendations for sandwiches: (I usually get the "pinner" which is an 8" sandwich.)* White Widow - chicken, mushrooms, bacon and ranch. * Pac Blue - toasted tuna w/cheddarRecommendations for treats: * Golden Grahams mallow treat was pretty freaking great!If you go, you have to get the Kool-Aid to drink, something about an immediate sugar rush when it hits your lips is delightful. (Nostalgic i guess.)
3	The hubby and kid liked it but I felt like the sandwich was too salty. We had gotten a 12in Apollo 13 and the teriyaki chicken one and both came out to $20 which I thought cost a little much, but the sandwiches were a little big.  The place itself is loud and guys working were just kinda there. They weren't rude or anything,  but they weren't actually nice either. All seem like stoners, but, I guess that fits in with the theme.They have quite a bit to choose from and serve sweets and even kool aid, but I dont see myself returning.
5	-Amazing food!-Amazing staff!-Fairly decent prices for subs.-When asked for your name, if you tell them your name is "Darth Vader", they are going to call you "Darth Vader". WINNING!-This place obviously has a sense of humor.-Relaxed environment. -Food is fresh and made to order.-Fast service!-They even serve beer which I have yet to try. Nonetheless, that's brilliant! -Music they play= YESSSSS!!!!-They are involved with the community by allowing local artists and companies to display their flyers or business cards.-Next time you order here, read the stickers they have on the glass... you'll giggle.
5	Awesome food selections. Food was very delicious. Their service is great and the atmosphere is unbelievable. This place is our place of choice when wanting subs.
2	So I really like cheba hut and they are usually able to get my order right, but this time was a complete joke.  Me and my boyfriend told them the order 5 times to 3 different people and they couldn't grasp that I only wanted 3 things on my sandwich. We ended up leaving and hopefully they know how to refund my money.
5	Best sandwiches. Ever. You will love this place even if you are not a stoner. And if you *are* a stoner? Welcome home, friend. Welcome home. ;-)
3	Good sandmich... But now, after three visits, order same APPOLLO 13, No, consistency here. It's good but different everytime I get my sandmich,as far as toppings,just say put all on it like stated on menu and its different each time.... Lol
5	Great food!  I have been coming here since I was a little kid.  I like the Jamaican Red blunt.  Fun atmosphere and laid back people.  Gotta love it.
5	Friendliest service and best food ever!
5	Such a badass sandwich shop! Nowhere else I've seen like Cheba Hut. Their sandwiches are on point...service is always friendly and fast, and the whole "theme" they've got going on is definitely comforting for any state of mind. I'm just hoping one day their herb bread actually has...well...I think you know where I'm going with that! Orange Widow is the best. Get it!
5	I now get the 5-0 easy chedder.  The pickles rule, and the chili salad, I forget the name cause it's a weird name of course, is awesome on every sandwich.
2	I am sad to give this place only a few stars because the food is good but being it was my first time in here and there was a roach I gotta say I wasn't feeling that. This was sometime last year so maybe they have gotten an exterminator since then. Sandwiches-5/5, atmosphere-5/5, cleanliness 1/5 for the roach. The owner was good and gave us our money back plus some coupons but I don't think I will be returning to this location.
4	Love CHeBA HUT and usually do delivery, but make sure they deliver the au jus dip for the AK-47 (roast beef dip), they've forgotten to deliver it on 3 separate occasions which was a lil annoying, other than that, this place is great
1	Staff could use some brains, food could be better, style could be less predictable. Two bad experiences are enough, I'll eat elsewhere from now on.
3	Tasty sandwiches... funny stoner theme... not-so-funny stoner order accuracy. It's a fun fix, but check your sandwich before you leave.
5	Hands down, one of the coolest places I visited while I was in Arizona. Especially if you are 4/20 friendly. They definitely have a theme! Their sandwiches are incredible. I had the Kali Mist and my friend had the the white widow and it was mind blowing! Service was impeccable. Wish I had one of these where I live!
4	Munchies and much more.The skinny This place is as legendary spot in az as zia records is/was not known by all but known by many. I can't count how many free pinner cards I filled up not the many times I visited this joint (pun intended) my order/good old trustee is the white widow with Jamaican jerk chicken instead of reg chicken thy refer to it as the Jamaican widow not on menu but they will surely know what you are talking about I get the blunt size (12') a little pricey under 10$ a little over that if you want a drink but they do have kool aid :-). The snacks are phenomenal they have capt krunch bars (think nuclearRice Krispie treats) great for the quality and freshness I'm almost positive they make them daily. They also have beer and liquor now which changes the whole place up to me I might catch a game or 2 this year at the bar. They also deliver and are very quick as today co workers got delivery. The bad The price seems to keep floating up and the specials aren't so special anymore step it up Cheba!! Overall A must visit if you have the munchies and big wallet :-)
5	I WISH WE HAD THIS PLACE IN LA!! Every time i visited my girlfriend in AZ i would come here. Its a stoner themed sandwich spot where everything is made fresh and they serve beer. I've been meaning to drive out to San Diego to give the one out there a try. I love their Orange Widow!
2	Just a sandwich joint
5	Since moving to Tempe, I've struggled to find a favorite sandwich place now that I don't have Togo's. Cheba Hut may just be the shop to take it's place.If you've never been, be warned that it definitely embraces the Stoner Sandwich identity; you'll find that everything in the shop references weed. Some people might be turned off by that (I'm thinking this place probably isn't the number 1 sandwich shop for moms), but that's not what Cheba Hut is about. There mission is to feed starving college students, and they do it exceptionally well. There are too many sandwich options to try, and that's definitely not a bad thing. They are a little more expensive than your typical Subway sandwiches, but they definitely come packed; an 8-inch usually fills me up. Why the 5 stars? Cheba Hut has great food and Kool Aid in their drink machines. Enough said.
5	Amazing food! Every sandwich is great, produce and meat is fresh, and service is perfect. They now deliver! And the service is great. They came within the time frame, and he sandwich tasted like I was eating it there. Delivery driver was friendly. Will definitely order from the again! Oh and they now have a bar inside the location. This place is definitely upgrading :)
5	This is my first review on yelp :) wanted to start making my opinion knowing on social media of the service industry. I absolutely love this place!  I have been coming here since I moved to az 6 or so years ago   And never been disappointed. There has been occasions that they have forgot something or gotten the sandwhich wrong which I never minded bc they were always super friendly and it still tastes great!  The new system they have greatly improved their service.  Any error that was made in the past was bc of the communication from the register to the "sandwhich artist". But with this new system has less room for mistakes. So thanks for the up grade :). This visit  wasn't any different then past visits. Amazing service, amazing food! The only "complaint" or  I guess more of a suggestion is: they used to cut their cucumbers into small cubes. Which made a lovely blend of flavors in ever bite. They recently cut them in normal circles, not as conducive to getting the full flavor in your mouth. Lol. That is all. Thanks for the full belly cheba hut!
2	This location is really awesome some times and other times it's pretty lousy. The last time I visited, they made my sandwhich wrong even though I had specifically explained to the guy how I wanted it. When I told him it wasn't correct another employee proceeded to tell me they couldn't take the sandwich back. Luckily a third employee took my sandwhich and remade it for me. I thought all was great until my sandwhich came back with no dressing and with tomatoes and onions when I had specifically asked for NO ONIONS or TOMATOES. I was very disappointed after that.
3	I usually like this place. Good food, decent service. Today I changed it up and called in an order.  The guy on the phone was absolutely rude. When I got home,  the au jus was missing from my AK 47,  sort of the point of a french dip sandwich. Looks like I need to double check my take out orders.
1	Can't say that I've ever tried the food bcuz they've never actually shown up.  I'm new to the area and heArd this place was bomb so I gave it a cpl shots...but it was a waste of my time since the food never came.  If you want to try the food, forget delivery.  Get it together mr cheba
2	After a night out drinking and being completely hungover my GF and just wanted to relax in bed all day, order a bunch of food and watch movies.  I've heard great things about the food at Cheba hut so we decided to give it a shot.  The girl that took our order struggled a bit to get it right, although it wasn't difficult, the 5-0 in the mist with no tomatoes, the AK-47 with aus jus dipping sauce, nachos and a rice crispy treat.  The food came pretty quickly, about 30 minutes, but one sandwich was loaded with tomatoes, and the other was missing the aus jus sauce, so 0 for 2 on the sandwich order.  We quickly called back and they offered to bring some more aus jus sauce and remake the sandwich.  Not wanting to cause to much trouble I opted to just pick the tomatoes off, but asked if they could still deliver the missing sauce.  They promised a quick delivery.  But an hour later, still no delivery of the sauce.  The sauce totally makes that sandwich!  Sad to say a cant really tell if you if the food was good, I hate tomatoes and one sandwich was covered in them, and the other was missing the best part, the aus jus dipping sauce!  At least the rice crispy treat was good. By the way, we never did get that sauce delivery.
3	Used to be FIVE stars in my book, I have been coming here for the last 4 years....Somehow $3 beer Friday turned to $5 beers when it came time to pay. What a fucking rip off. This was my first and probably last time getting beer here.This place was so much cooler and comfortable before they bought the unit next door and expanded. Now it's bright, trendy, and has a "corporate" feeling to it. Food is still top notch but I wonder why the subs are coming out 2x faster than it used to when it's 5x busier. Less "love" put into it?Staff was very nice as always but the "experience" sucked. I feel like I'm at an Olive Garden or Red Lobster. It feels like it's more of a restaurant that you feel obligated to tip your server than a place to just kick it and throw a tip in the tip jar for great service.Five stars for the food.Five stars for the staff.1 star for what it has "become."
5	One of the best sandwiches that I've had in my life. The White Widow was tasty, but I'm not a mayo fan. I fell in love with the Kali Mist, and I had to have another the next day! They have a bar, chill music, and ESPN. The staff if very friendly!
2	Place is dirty,  most if not all of the tables need to be wiped down.  Had to sit at a dirty table.  Yuck!
5	Great phone service. Promised delivery time. Cool delivery dude. CRAZY good food.   I will be eating here again very soon.
4	When you order from a stoner-themed sandwich shop, it's best to prepare for the unexpected every once in a while. I get takeout here about once a week and call in my order because I have zero patience for waiting. My order is perfect about 80% of the time. The other 20% of the time, there's something missing or something added. Sometimes they have a hard time understanding that when I say I want to add lettuce, tomato, and onion, I do NOT mean I want it "fully loaded" (a menu option that includes lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, and house dressing). The guy I talked to on the phone last night also had no idea what I was saying when I said I wanted giardinara on my sandwich. On their menu, it says "Try it with horseradish & giardinara peppers" underneath the sandwich I ordered. He must have been new though, and I'll cut him some slack.I also hate that my name is in their system as "Jennerfer" (ermahgerd!), which I take to be a result of 1) being stoned, 2) poor spelling skills (come on, Jennifer is a pretty common name, or 3) all of the above.That said, I keep coming back because they have interesting sandwich toppings and they're pretty delicious overall. I recommend the White Widow and the KGB (with horseradish & giardinara peppers). Always on garlic herb bread.
4	Love the midwest best sammie on garlic bread. I wish they had more drink options, but other than that I love the taste.
5	This place is totally wicked. Ive been eating here for years and it only gets better. Since renovating a while back, this awesome sandwich joint even has a small bar in the back and tons of seating. The staff are cool, sometimes a little slow but the food is always great. They even have Kool Aid fountains! You wont find another place like it. Unique toasty subs, dope atmosphere, and great Kool Aid!
5	fun place. Awesome White widow.
