5	The Forth Rail Bridge is, apart from Edinburgh castle, the most iconic image associated with Edinburgh. Located in the Firth of Forth, this nineteenth century bridge is a fully functioning rail bridge, whilst also being a historical landmark structure.Nominated to be placed on UNESCO's list of World Heritage Sites, the bridge is constantly being re painted red and is so famous that it was put on the face of a pound coin in 2004! Not many attractions in Scotland can claim that!Train commuters do not really kick up fuss about crossing the bridge, possibly due to them realising that you do not in fact go up and down the triangular structural frame on the train but only on a boring straight rail track! However, do not let this disappoint you experiencing crossing the Forth Rail Bridge! Trains are frequent form Edinburgh and you can also just pop on at Dalmeny station and get off at North Queensferry after the brief crossing. Scotland's most significant structural achievement is defiantly worth a look!
5	The Forth Rail Bridge is regarded as one of the engineering wonders of the world. The bridge was built to connect Edinburgh and Fife, across the Forth.Built over the foundations of another bridge that was to be built, succeeding the infamous Tay bridge disaster in Dundee, this rail Bridge is known for being twice as strong as it needs to be. The bridge was built between 1883 and 1890. It was also the first construction in Britain to be made of steel (as opposed to the Tay Bridge's cast iron). It's also famous for its constant paint job, that needs restarting as its finishedThere isn't much to do with the Forth Rail Bridge other than marvel at it. You can obviously ride across it, from which you get an excellent view across the Forth. A particularly scenic view of the bridge can be had from Queensferry, with many cafes and restaurants offering window seats by the Forth.This Bridge really is impressive. Even if you know nothing about engineering, the sheer scale of this bridge, especially for its time, is amazing.
5	As impressive a structural marvel as you could hope to see, The Forth Road Bridge serves a purely practical purpose but due to it's scale, history, and ubiquity with all things Scotch, is also a tourist attraction in itself. It's made all the more impressive and imposing by the neighbouring Forth Road Bridge which runs parallel.Given that the vast majority of Scotland's population lives in the central belt, surprisingly few, including myself, have had the pleasure of actually crossing the rail bridge, and it's something I really need to get off my arse and do sooner rather or later. I just need a reason to travel to either Fife, Tayside or the North East, which unsurprisingly isn't the easiest thing to come across. I might one day just spend a fiver on a return to the grim little village of Inverkeithing which is right after the bridge. It would be worth it for the experience alone.Utterly stunning, but I'll be a bit controversial here and declare that The Tay Bridge, with it's sweeping bend and dark history, just nicks it for me as Scotland's number 1 river crossing. Take the Edinburgh to Dundee train and you'll cross both.
4	Forth Bridge aka Forth Rail Bridge is a real eye catcher and it opened for the first crossing on March 4, 1890.  It is very close to The Forth Road Bridge which opened 74 years later.  It held the records for the world's longest span for 27 years at over a mile and 1/2 over the Forth River.Details:My family and I drove by it on the way to Edinburgh Castle on August 5, 2013.  It is geographically located very near the The Forth Road Bridge, so the two of them are hard to miss if you are driving south to Edinburgh from Glasgow.Misc. Info.  As you can see from the name it is a rail bridge, so unless you are in a train you won't be able to go across it.  The Forth Bridges Forum is helping to prepare the nomination of the Forth Bridge for inclusion in the World Heritage List.  The paperwork was submitted at the end of August and the nomination will be submitted to UNESCO will be in early 2014.http://www.forthbridgeworldheritage.com
