4	This was my first stop for the #TasteMTL/#MTLATable extravaganza. Barbounya is a Turkish restaurant - they offered up a tasting menu containing 10 dishes, plus two desserts, at a fixed price of $29. They offer wine pairing for an additional cost, if this interests you.Location: Laurier West - if you get to the restaurant early, you can check out the shops in the area to kill time. I lucked out and got a parking spot right outside the restaurant - Woohoo! That said, I'm not sure if this would have happened if I had arrived later in the evening (I got there around 5:15 and our reservation was at 6pm). Service: The host was OK.  Our wait staff was lovely - they explained each dish to us so we knew exactly what we were getting. Overall, the service was a bit slow BUT, it was a full house due to event, so no real complaints here. This allowed us to enjoy our food and conversation at a leisurely pace and we never felt rushed to leave after we finished our meal - I think we stayed for an hour after we paid, and no one asked us to hit the road. Food: I posted a photo of the full menu, so won't outline each dish here; I'm not sure if all restaurants will be doing this, but Barbounya served all items on their menu in small portions, so we got to taste everything. The Mezzes were delicious! The Barbounya and Lakerda were both absolutely amazing, and for someone who isn't really into mussels, I really enjoyed these - the broth was super savory and very light. I think the Barbounya and Lakerde were my favorite, but I loved the other Mezzes too so it's tough to pick one specific dish. Sadly, the mains didn't impress me as much as the Mezzes. Now, that being said, I am generally not a meat eater so you will have to judge for yourselves. The pork belly was way too chewy for me though the crispy bits were quite good. My dinner date loved the pork belly so I don't think you can go wrong with that one because she's a pork belly afficionado. The quail left me unimpressed as it was dark meat, which I am not a fan of. That said, I found it to be too chewy for my taste and lacking in overall flavor.  Surprisingly (keep in mind that I hardly ever eat read meat, like ever!), I enjoyed the spicy lamb tartar. The flavor was pronounced but not overpowering at all. Of course, it's raw meat so I'm going to use the word 'chewy' once again, but it was quite good. My favorite was the barley salad - it was delicious and the flavor was outstanding.For dessert, we had baklava and a walnut chocolate mouse w/maple syrup. O.M.G that was the best dessert EVER! If you love chocolate, you will adore this dessert. Words can't describe it's deliciousness, though the wait staff told me the chef made it with love, so I guess I was tasting all that love :) The baklava was equally good - moist and not too sweet. I've had baklava in Turkey and can say that this one is on par with it.Vibe: Awesome. Loved the space, loved the music. It's super casual and very chillaxed. The only thing I don't understand is the big bull on the wall. Bulls aren't really a Turkish thing! :)Verdict: Defnite hit - I will go back to try out their a la carte menu. Check it!
3	I'm actually giving this place a 3.5*My boyfriend and I were actually strolling our way towards another restaurant for brunch on a beautiful winter morning (romantic, I know) and we walked passed this place by chance. THEY NOW HAVE BRUNCH! :DFood: the food is very simple, but tasty. I ordered the pulled chicken sandwich and it was pretty good, not the best but very satisfying (ask for their home made mayo). The coffee is of very good quality - for those who love their coffee. **we walked in the first week they started the brunch menu and I heard that it was going to be tweaked** Service : great service. Very attentive and knowledgable.Decor : Urban. Totally fits in with that area. An eclectic blend with a lot of character.I recommend this place and would bring friend here.
5	Had a great meal tonight! Went to Barbounya with one of my girlfriends and we both loved it. I'm a vegetarian and was very happy to see there were tons of options for me. The eggplant was great, and I thought the deep fried kale was excellent. My friend had the lamb and said it was amazing. The portions were well sized and the wait staff was very friendly and attentive. Will be returning again soon!
2	Man... I really wanted to like this place, but the Maitre D' really flushed the entire mediocre experience down the toilet last night....The set up of the restaurant is not optimal as it is all high tables and high chairs. We were two couples seated at the corner of the table and so it was a little difficult to carry on a conversation at such a weird angle. But, no stars removed for poor design....This is a meze (ie. tapas) bar, and so the menu is quite limited. I didn't find it to be super varied to be honest, but we chose 8 distinct tapas to try out and were excited about them. As soon as our waiter (who later bluntly informed me that he was the maitre d') took our order, he fussed about us having placed two separate orders as two couples. He told us that it was in our best interest to order things as a group of 4 rather than in couples to "enhance the experience". We then informed him that we had some food intolerances etc, and that we preferred to order separately. He was very displeased but we didn't really care because.. well... why tell us how to place our orders??? This was definitely not our first tapas experience and so we know that our night won't be "ruined" if we have two separate bills..Onto the food and service... Service was pretty slow (over 2 hours!) and they forgot to bring out one of our dishes. Food was mediocre at best. Not one single dish was amazing, and some dishes lacked any real flavor. Portion sizes were as expected. Up till this point, I was mentally rating this restaurant as a 3.5/5 (because that's what I do.. haha). But what happened next was really phenomenal.We were asked if we were done, and after mentioning that they forgot a dish, I asked for it to be removed from the bill because we weren't going to wait another 30 min for another mediocre plate. My husband also distinctly asked for 2 bills. Lo and behold, we get one bill totalling $250. At this point, I'm aggravated because not only was the service so-so the entire night, but now our requests were being flat out ignored.So, I call him back, and explain quietly that we asked for two bills. I get told that this restaurant doesn't make out separate bills because this is a "group experience". I then tell him that every single restaurant in Montreal will split bills, and that we had placed our orders separately in the first place to make things easier. He then told us that they don't split bills because he "doesn't have time to split a tapas plate into 1/5 of the price for everyone who requests it, BUT that because he's the matire d', he'll make a special exception, AND not to expect it next time because this is a GROUP EXPERIENCE"'.............Do I really need to explain my frustration??So I told him that we were not asking for ANY tapas to be split any way, and that we just wanted separate orders on separate bills. At this point, we could have paid it as is but it was really a matter of principle.....UGH. Seriosuly, hands down, worst service in Montreal. Not worth the trip OR our $150 bill. You can get much better tapas in tons of places in Montreal for that price.BLEH.
4	If you're visiting Montreal, at some point you'll realize your body with need more to run on than crepes, foie gras and poutine. Enter modern Turkish spot Barbounya. It's located far from the tourist hordes in the Mont-Royal neighborhood and eschews the typical Montreal rustic style for a modern feel with high ceilings, exposed brick and communal tables. The vegetable and seafood focused menu is served in tapas-sized portions that are large enough to share with a few friends. Our server recommended getting 3-4 per person, but I would say five to six max for two people unless you order very lightly. Other than his attempt to expand my waistline, our waiter was very helpful in working us through a menu that includes many Turkish words and later in securing a taxi home.Top Dishes:Barbounya Ceviche: Barbounya (red snapper) is thinly sliced and served on a plate with tomato, chili and other spices. It lacks the overpowering lime flavor often found in ceviche and has some interesting Turkish accents instead. It's one of the best ceviches I've had and an absolute must order.Ricotta Imam Bayildi: Imam Bayildi is a Turkish dish that involves taking an eggplant, slicing it in half and simmering it in olive oil with garlic, tomatoes and Turkish herbs. Sounds good. But the geniuses at Barbounya realized the missing ingredient: cheese. So the whole thing is covered in baked ricotta. I've never had a Imam Bayildi before, but I can't imagine anyone doing it better than this.Zucchini Pancakes (w/ smoked mackerel): While I love pretty much anything smoked, the risk is always that the smokiness of saltiness overpowers the rest of the dish. This mackerel is light and low on the smoke flavor. It's great compliment to the tangy zucchini pancakes and salsa.
3	The Good: The food here is really good and unique. We had some really good fish dishes, including octopus, the barbounya and tuna. They all tasted really fresh and were very nicely presented. We ordered 9 dishes (see "The Ugly" below) and I thought that perhaps 6/9 were very delicious.The Bad: The setup is very strange. We reserved a table for 3 and we were seated at a bar like table. My friend was seated at the corner so it made it awkward for her to talk to both of us. I much prefer sitting at a table where I can talk to my friends face to face.The Ugly: The price!!! As you can tell from the pictures, these dishes are teeny tiny! This restaurant is tapas style, which means you need to order at least 2-3 dishes/person to feel even remotely satisfied. Yet the price here for one dish is comparable to other regular restaurants. We were three girls last night and we ordered 9 tapas to split among us. We each had perhaps 2-3 glasses of wine and we shared two desserts. At the end, the bill for each was $100 (including tip)! I had a fun time, but I will not be back.
4	We were walking on Laurier street and looking for a place to have brunch when we stumbled into this place that I'd heard so much about. They serve a brunch menu at 14.50$ per person, offering you starters to share; a cherry tomatoe and cucumber salad topped with creamy ricotta cheese, some nuts, homemade jam and chocolate hazelnut spread and a Turkish spread that resembles butter (I can't remember the name) which was so delicious. You complement it with a dish of your choice. We had the French toast with chocolate and tahini and the lamb meatballs. Both dishes were tasty and the presentation is great! Staff is very friendly, explaining everything and making suggestions. I would definitely go back, maybe for supper next time!
3	The food is good, we were 6 and what I didn't like is that its a kind of a "communal table" where you get the appetizers to share (kaymak, cheese etc) and the price is person 14.50 + a main dish. The thing about this is that if they want to have the appetizers to share, the price should be by group of 2-3-6 etc. Because there's always someone who will eat more than the other. In addition of all of that, you can only get 1 bill. No way of splitting it???!  The service was awful, the asian guy most likely doesn't want to work there. We had to wait a while before he gets our ordersand when asked for the bill. He didn't deserve the 15% tip. But oh well, it's definitely my last time.
5	Inspired foodHad an amazing brunch Highly recommend! Go for the savory--the French toast was good, but not representative of what the kitchen can do with fresh ingredients.Bravo!
