4	Great place to eat if you're in the mood for a hot sandwich. I ordered the pastrami hot sandwich. The sauce and sauerkraut were awesome, and the bread was beautifully grilled. There was a ton of pastrami too - I wish they actually gave a little more bread for the sandwich.It's self service - you order at the counter, pay, then pick up your food. All in all, highly recommended for a casual lunch bite, although fairly pricey for what you get (everything in Vegas is pricey).
3	I was in the mood for a simple turkey and cheddar sandwich on wheat and this place provided what I wanted for the most part.  The guy helping me was very accommodating.  I alwayz ask for extra lettuce which I know can be a pain in the ass.  My only two complaints about this place were that their wheat bread wasn't very good and they gave me my meal in a to go container when I asked to eat it in the food court.  Otherwise, a great place to get a simple sandwich when you want something quick at the Venetian.
2	This is the place you go inside the luxurious Venetian Hotel on the Las Vegas strip when you are:1. Broke after losing all of your money gambling2. Don't want to spend $50/person for lunch in a finer Venetian Restaurant3. Want a sandwich that costs less than $104. In a hurry5. Want a snack before you get into your car in the parking lot6. Is the last money you will lay down in Sin City before you leave7. All of the aboveThe Rialto Deli is inside the Food Court on the main floor of the Venetian Hotel, near the escalators going up to the parking lots.So it makes sense that you stop here for a cheap bite before you leave Sin City.You know, all of those beautiful luxury hotels, like the Venetian, with all of their Glitz, Glam, and Amenities weren't built off the "Winnings" of the visiting gamblers. Nope. To support that type of Luxury found on the Strip, you need a lot of losers willing to give it up, over and over again.
4	Good sandwiches. Particularly, the pastrami, corned beef, and beef/cheddar. We always make a stop or two here, when we're in town. Been coming here for 5 years now and sure will come back next time.
2	Nothing special about this place except that it's located in the Venetian.  My wife and I were hungry and wanted a quick sandwich to eat before heading to the pool.  The price was right, I believe around 7 bucks for a chicken sandwich, but the sandwich was TINY.  Not much bread at all, which is what I was wanting to absorb the alcohol that was about to be coming.Sweet and simple review.  I would rather pay 15 for a pastrami sandwich from Canters for sure.  Our next time in Vegas this will be a vague memory.  And if something isn't worth trying again, it sure as hell doesn't get more than 3 stars from me!
3	This place is a quick convenient place inside the Venetian because we were pressed for time before heading out. The workers here are amazingly nice and fun to talk to. RICKY.... omg ask for him or at least request him to make your sandwiches for you. He quickly became friends with our group and made us hugeeeeeee sandwiches. I couldn't even finish half of it, that's how big it was. Most def come here only if Ricky is working. =)
4	I had the something mesquite chicken, it was sooooo gooood!!!!! one of the best sandwichhh, like real shit hahahmy friend had the chicken salad sandwich, n nuh uh, not that great, it was blandddd, only give them 4 stars cuz the mesquite chicken sandwich was THAT GOOD.their chicken noodle soup was really good as well n came with toated bagels pieces? that was good tooPRO: MESQUITE CHICKEN SANDWICH! thats it.i would definitely go back for something small and fast if i didnt want mcd
3	I've eaten here a couple times, and it was decent. My last experience left me a little cold as was the manner in which my pastrami was served to me. As a good Jew, I don't take kindly to cold pastrami, but the staff told me it was too late to heat it. Also, the sandwich seemed to be comprised of leftover pastrami bits - like trim. It didn't taste terrible, but was a bit odd. The matzo ball soup is pretty good. For a safer pastrami fix head to Towers Deli in the Canal Shoppes.
4	Matzo Ball Soup FTW! I was so glad that this deli offered 3 different types of soup for all under $4. I chose the matzo ball soup and it reminded me of a light ramen soup that was light on the salt. My taste buds were thankful for the light flavor and did not over power the palette. Great hangover cure.
5	Delicious sandwiches! Go for the Pastrami Reuben!!! That one is absolutely the best one of the ones we tried (and we ate here twice in two days!) Cheap and quick meal and very convenient if you are staying in the Venezia Tower. Go here for those in between meals and snacks between gambling, clubbing and eating at the fancier spots!
5	Best bargain on food on the strip. Hands down. Pastrami ruben was legitt. Have had it repeatedly, never disappoints (tend to stay at Venetian/Palazzo quite often). For under $10, it's a steal on the strip. Quick. Cheap. Easy. Delicious. Good enough that it'd still get 5 stars with a higher price tag.
2	Located in the food court on the casino floor of the Venetian is the Rialto Deli.  I paid it a visit because I wanted to use my 20% off ACG coupon.  I ordered a french dip sandwich, onion rings, and a drink.  It came to about $11.  The french dip was average portion, but tasteless.  The au jus was tasteless.  A small container of cole slaw was very good.  The onion rings were very tasty and a large portion.Two stars is all I can give it because of the lackluster sandwich, but you could certainly do worse.
3	Another average option at the Venetian food court.Various sandwich options with different breads to select from.I went eeeeennn on the Pastrami Sandwich ($8.95) that comes with coleslaw.  Average sandwich, not good, not bad, just ok. Decent price point and amount of meat, especially for The Begas.
3	Located in the Venetian food court, food is cheap and average tasting. Had the French dip sandwich and a Pepsi for $11.  The beef was okay but a bit tough. They did give lots of sauce for dipping.  Worth going to, when there's a wait at the Grand Lux Cafe.
3	My boyfriend ordered the Italian Stallion as a morning snack. Good choice !! The sandwich was a good size, light, very flavorful and cole slaw comes on the side with it. I'd come back again for the sandwich if I were staying at the Venetian.
