4	Fourquet Fourchette is an nifty little resto inside the Palais des Congress (Convention Center) in Montreal. While the menu is largely "new French" and has some interesting twists on old classics, including cooking with Unibrou beer as a primary ingredient, the food gives off the vibe of homely, French comfort food - it feels more traditional than it is.The same goes for the restaurant as a whole. It's located inside the uber-chic uber-green uber-moderne Convention Center, but the dining area is meant to look like a Quebec countryside cabin. There's literally bundles of wheat used as decoration. The tables are long, massive slabs of mostly unfinished wood which reinforce this concept.The service was gracious and you can tell that the proprietors take pride in not only their restaurant, but in acting as the welcome, happy face to the many tourists and convention-goers who come visit from all over the world.Lastly, and most importantly, this is best place to get the freshest, most perfect glass of Unibroue beers on tap (Maudite, La Fin Du Monde, et. al) outside of the actual brewery, which is in Chambly about 15 miles away. So, if you can't make it out there, go here for the beer! The Maudite I had here was about 30 times better than the Maudite I'm able to procure in San Francisco. Don't ask me why...
4	If you're looking for the quintessential fancy-pants nouveau-Parisian fare, this is it. Although the bread was not fresh-baked there was a home-made cheese-flatbread that was good. The French onion soup defines the dish and the rest of the food I had was pretty tasty, too. Part of the menu is reasonable prix-fixed fare, too, which is kind of nice when you have an expense report to fill out.Not only do they focus on French "traditional" cuisine, but they mix native-American foods and twists in as well. Caribou jerky, wild rabbit and deer, and salmon round out a very large menu. I had the chocolate-mousse cake for dessert and it was scrumptious.Given that I have kids and that the wife and them may show up here in Montreal with me one of these days I took notice of the highchairs and kids menu. It is certainly pricey for kids, with $13 kids meals. In fact, there is venison on the kids menu here(!) I think mine will stick with the chicken fingers. Given that the place can get noisy; it has a high roof for aggregating sound, it may be a good choice for kids.
3	The food here isn't bad at all. They had a lovely Fennel and Lettuce soup. That's right, a soup of Lettuce and Fennel. I was quite impressed. The problem, for which I docked them a star, was the service. They were slow, they seemed confused by our group and sadly, they got a couple of orders wrong. Not good. BUT...I would recommend this place if you're at the Palais for a convention. It's easy, the place is pretty big and the food is good. I'd avoid the Caribou Pot Pie, but other than that, I thought it was lovely.
4	As a craft beer fan, I've been to a number of brewers' food/beer outlets and am used to a smallish spot with good food and, of course, the beer.I was therefore quite taken aback to find that the Montreal convention center is the location for Unibroue's restaraunt.  The place is giant in terms of square footage; during our visit, a large group of 40-50 elderly folks were being entertained by a musician at long communal tables in one of two very large rooms.  We were one of two couples not associated with this group.  Needless to say, the presence of this place in a convention center near a bunch of international hotels makes the atmosphere palpably corporate and touristic.  This is what happens when Sapporo buys your brewery, perhaps.However, we were there for the beer accompanying food and were certainly not disappointed in this respect.  Unibroue's lineup is available on tap (about seven of their beers in this way) and all are available in bottle (340 and 750mL).  Tasting flights can also be ordered.  The beer speaks for itself.  High quality, belgian-inspired beer that is well-crafted.  Some items on the beer menu are in limited distribution in the States, so it was good to have access to them.FF, like many restos in Montreal, offers a multi-course Table d'Hote option and a slightly more comprehensive regular menu; items overlap between the two.  We ordered from the Table d'Hote menu.  Duck leg confit for me;  venison pot pie for Bridget.  The presentation was excellent, the duck was very tasty (slightly firmer than my preference, but still juicy and could be pulled apart with the fork).  Pot pie was excellent; meat was tender and savory.  The service was friendly and responsive; despite being close to closing we were not rushed.  Happily, we left with a couple of bottles from one of Unibroue's limited batches.  Would we come here again?  Perhaps.  Given Fourquet Fourchette's location (not near anything else I like and absent a real neighborhood) and (perhaps uncomfortably large) size, and the fact that Unibroue beers are easily had at smaller establishments in Montreal like Bieres et Compagnie, it may not be necessary for a repeat experience.
1	The food was blah!  The service was okay.  Pricey for lunch.
4	I stopped by around 9 pm on a Friday night when the restaurant closes at 10 and only one other group was there. We were desperate to have Unibroue from a draft and sample some of the other beers that they don't distribute to Chicago. The location was also convenient--smack in the middle of the path from our dinner restaurant in Chinatown to our hotel in Square Victoria.The Ephemere de Cassis was fantastic, as I expected. Coming from the US, I also appreciate that a pint in Canada is 20 oz. We asked the waiter where we could purchase the Unibroue glasses and were delightfully happy that they sold them at the restaurant. We made sure to buy the smaller sizes since I'll never be able to pour two 20 oz Maudites at home. The waiter was attentive, but he only had us and one other table. He was making himself busy by prepping the rest of the restaurant for the next day.There are two rooms of the restaurant. One is facing the interior of Palais des Congres and has large tables that are probably good for groups when pushed together. There is a small bar with a few stools, but not at bar height. The other room has windows over the street (facing the Westin). There are also tables along the street. Walking between the two rooms, you can peek into the kitchen.The decor is a little country, old world. The wall murals of the Unibroue art takes up most of the space. There are Belgian beer objects on display on the upper walls and in the display tables (the dining tables have a display window in them).
4	I usually go to the location in Chambly but this time we were meeting some friends and came to this location. I started with the onion soup (naturally French onion soup back home) and ordered the bavette au b?uf (wow, didn't think my phone would type that letter LOL). It was delicious and was served with potatoes and an onion glaze, check the picture. I downed it with red ale Maudite and I couldn't be happier. If you have the choice though, go to the one located in Chambly, the ambiance is better. Not coincidentally all the pictures in the menu are of that location.
5	I thought the food here tasted great and the service was quick, especially when the place was packed with conference attendees. There is plenty to choose from in the menu and I could see myself coming back a few more times to try other menu items. I had the cottage pie and it was a full meal without being too overwhelming or heavy. They accept American Express which is nice too. There's plenty of soup and salad at your disposal while you wait for your main dish. Be warned that it does get very loud in there and seating can be a bit cramped depending where your table is. Otherwise, enjoy!!
5	If a place opened like this in Boston, it would be overflowing with customers. I loved the pairing of beers with the food. Staff was great as well. Unibroue and the owner should be congratulated in fusing such an unbelievable establishment!
4	I was at Palais de Congres last week and was disappointed to find that this place has closed. There is currently nothing else in its place.
