4	brought in a few pieces here after finding a coupon on the back of my smith's recipe. half off an order of $50 plus. took it in on a tuesday and told it would be ready by 5 the next day. came in thursday afternoon to find out they couldn't get the stain out of one of my sweaters (darn chocolate) and it was missing a button. Also, one of the shirts wasn't ready yet. (a day after it was suppose to be.) i said i'd let them try and find the button and come back the next day with hopes of everything being done. i ended up not making it back for a few days, but when i came back for all of my clothes everything was in tack but that darn chocolate stain and they found the missing button and sewed it back on. whew! i didn't want to put up an arguement. it came to around $27 dollars after my coupon for a blazer, a long dress, 2 sweaters, and 3 or 4 tops. i was impressed with how well my white oversized blazer looked. i deducted a star for it not being ready on time though.
2	This place was quick and efficient to deal with but I have doubts about their quality.  Items were finished on time and neatly pressed but I don't think they were cleaned properly or thoroughly.  I don't know where they dryclean their garments but mine smelled rather rank after being cleaned.  So much so that I had to get them cleaned again.  Take your drycleaning elsewhere, both the drycleaning places in southern highlands are certainly lacking at best.
5	Anna, The Taylor, is fabulous.  She can help you out in a pinch and does great work.  Not sure of the dry cleaning thogh.Taylor gets a 5 star from me.
5	Anna is absolutely wonderful! She is such a sweetheart and very knowledgeable. Skilled in her craft, I have never experienced a late alteration from Maple Cleaners. Truly a pleasure to work with.
5	Came by for a last minute ironing on my dress shirt for the wedding. Anna helped me out and was very nice and gave me great service knowing the time crunch I was in. Would definitely use them again if I was in the area and needed something done.
2	Because of the amazing reviews here, I tried having a pair of pants hemmed. Came back too long. It was well executed... but for someone a little taller. Luckily I can have them fixed. The problem is the seamstress took absolutely no time measuring, they should have slowed down and payed closer attention to detail. Such a disappointment, but not a disaster that someone can't fix. Luckily.Dry cleaning is just fine though. Good job there.
