4	How did I not know what a torta was? For some reason I had this memory of a torta being served on brick hard pita type bread...Was it nightmares of Taco Bell? I'm really not sure... I was quite hesitant when my friend suggested Tortas La Presa. "I don't like tortas" I thought... Well I was very, very wrong. The staff speaks mainly spanish and they were so helpful when addressing my gringaness. Lucky for me there were also a lot of pictures on the menu.These tortas here are served on a soft, fresh bolillo bun. I can't remember the name of the one I had but it was something Reyes.. It had carne and queso fresco with avocado, lettuce and tomatoes.. My friend had one with mozzarella cheese, both were absolutely delicious. I watched soccer on the big TV and washed my down with a perfectly sweetened horchata. I can't wait to go back and try every one on the menu..This place rocks.
4	I hate strip mall restaurants.  But - I forgive this little place.  Nothing fancy. Very simple.  Very ethnic. So much that the menu is completely in Spanish.  But don't let that scare you ... there are pictures on the menu! Lots of pictures!I guess they are mainly known for their Tortas (which are sandwiches).  And their tortas are HUGE! And, yummy.  Some combinations are a bit unusual.  I recommend, unless you are REALLY hungry - start with the little sandwich (I like to call them "tortita" - don't quote me - that's my expression and the waiter will NOT understand you).But my husband and I always get tacos.  He orders Tacos de Alhambra de Res - strip steak with chopped ham and bacon (I think).  I order a cheese quesadilla de maiz (Maiz instead of flour - much better!).  The quesadilla is served with a  green chile salsa sauce inside - spicy - but not to make your eyes water.  You can get quesadillas stuffed with other fillings too.They have different flavor Horchata's as well  (I love to say Orrrrrrr -CHA-ta).I'll tell you what....my mom is from Mexico City.  She says that the tacos are like what you can buy on the streets in Mexico (which is a good thing).  I think you should take a chance and trust my mom on this. She owned a Mexican restaurantt in Upstate NY before Mexican food was "in."  If you read this and do give it a go - let me know what you think!
4	After our waiter brought out a torta, I wondered why I didn't get one myslelf, although the beef sope was itself a meal to behold.  Enough for 2 people, the beef was plenty tender and it was seasoned quite well.  My friend got a cheese quesadilla, which was also good, they bring you veggies to eat with your meal, instead of just some rice.  When in the neighborhood and looking for a tastey cheap meal (no alcohol, though) Tortas La Presa does the trick.
4	I drive by this place pretty regularly, so I decided to stop one day. Soon I took my wife there for lunch, and then she took folks there. I go back periodically.I really like the food here. The tortas are great - and huge. I see people eat the "Rey" and I don't know how they put it away (and I'm a pretty big eater). I've really fallen in love with the quesadilla de maize - a large, corn tortilla based quesadilla. I love their grilled onions and vegetables.  The prices are low. It's pretty easy to get lunch for $5-6, and I only eat half, so get a second meal out of it.  One of the best parts for me, is that the staff generally seems to like being there. One day I was watching an middle aged cook, and it genuinely looked like he enjoyed making the food.The place has the feel of a number of restaurants I've been to in Mexico. Generally clean, but not real high by US standards. The area is ok (a little on the lower economic scale) and there's plenty of parking.
4	This place is awesome. Lots of flavor, cooked with care. The taco plates are huge and priced really well (like $6 or something close). Great service.  The signature tort a will put you to sleep, but it is really good too.  I think this place has way more flavor than the other torta shops I have tried.
5	One word... WOW!!!The Torta El Rey is a must and the Camarones al la Aeracruz were to die for!It was clean, fresh and friendly and very authentic.  The portions are ridiculously huge and affordable. We went on a Sunday so they were out of a couple things but, nothing to fuss over the menu is HUGE  just like the flavors there!
1	This place has almost no parking. It was packed with people that were even allowed to block the door. Its noisy, crowded with no place to sit or wait unless you want to stand there for an hour. There are too many other places to get a simple torta. I wouldnt wait & wont go back.
4	Best tortas in the area, period.  Miles better (and cheaper) than the much-fanfared El Guero, which is super overrated anyhow.  Tasty, chewy rolls, freshly grilled ingredients.  For filings, there's a pretty extensive selection - somewhere around 15, if memory serves - from simple staples to stacked monstrosities of delicious goodness. My favorite is the Ranchera Especial - carne asada with a simple chipotle sauce.  The bigger guys are pretty good, too, and are no joke.  I come here at least 2-3 times a month for work lunches, and nobody has ever been disappointed.Never ordered anything non-torta related, but they do have a full menu, including huaraches and various other non-standard but good Mexican items.Atmosphere-wise, the place is nice.  Clean, bring colors, friendly-but-not-overbearing staff.  There's usually a soccer game or Spanish-language day-time talk shows on whenever I'm in.
5	Food is amazing! Everytime I come 2 PHX I come 2 this plc. It's small, not fancy, but who cares b/c UR here 4 the food! The food is extremely fresh. Did I mention homemade? The waitress is so sweet & helpful. Only drawback is their not in Los Angeles! Can't wait 4 my next trip 2 PHX!(I wanted to add pictures that we took, but can't figure out how)
5	The tortas here were HUGE, so much that I had to leave like a third of it for my friend who lives in Phoenix since I had a plane to catch back to San Francisco.  The meat inside was well cooked, well seasoned, and definitely backed up why this place is called the King of Tortas.
4	I've been eating tortas my whole life! These people make them the way they are supposed to be made...huge and stuffed. You get a lot for your money, plus grilled jalapenos. If I wanted to go on a suicide mission I'd stop here and eat non stop till my blood insulin level  go through the roof. Please enjoy.
5	Best Torta I've ever had.
5	This is the best place to eat.  It maybe a hole in the wall, but amazing, amazing, amazing can't even begin to describe it!!  The food is the best of course and the people are super nice!Don't miss it if your in the PHX area!
4	I looooveee this place! The tortas are the bomb.com!!!BUT...I usually order the quesadilla de maiz...no meat just enjoy the homemade masa and mexican cheese :DThe salsas are sooo good! I mean authentic...tastes like they've got an abuelita back there roasting the chiles and what not! lolMy boo gets the huarache....again, no meat. keeping things simple is sometimes better than all that fancy shmancy ingredients.
4	Like many eateries in the area, Tortas el Rey is found in a nondescript and definitely not-upscale commercial area. But the volume of the business witnessed by our lunch group (Rand H., Mike C., Robyn N., Arlin B., and me) is a testament to its popularity. With very good quality food and great prices, no wonder it is so popular. Make sure you're hungry when you come here because you get a lot of food, whether you order the tortas or the platters. And even if you're not hungry the wonderful aromas and great flavors will probably stimulate your appetite enough to make you finish what you are served. Los Reyes de la Torta, this similarly-named restaurant gives you some serious competition.
5	I stopped at this place thinking that it was featured on Man Vs. Food. I got over the initial disappointment, and ordered the torta Arizona.  This sandwich contained almost everything but the kitchen sink (order the El Rey, if you dare).  The bread is always fresh and the food is cooked to order. The wait staff is friendly and attentive. I've taken several groups of co-workers, and all have pledged to go back.
1	I've been here twice now, and the first time I loved it. I'm from San Diego and we have pretty high standards for good Mexican food since we're surrounded by it. The carne asada was delicious. The second time, I waited over 30 minutes for my burrito to be done, and people who ordered after me got their orders first. I was irritated, but it was the lunch rush so I was trying to be understanding. Then my burrito contained every nasty piece of meat. Fat, gristle, weird crunchy pieces, it goes on. Disgusting.  Overall I'd give their food a 4, but between the service and terrible quality of my most recent order it plummets to a 1.
4	Good decor,'fast and friendly service, amazing bathrooms...el Rey sandwich lacked flavor but amazing idea...I would go here again to try something else,
4	Delicious sandwiches and drinks! Will be back again.
5	Very good.
5	I lucked out finding Tortas El Rey. The food is always fresh and delicious and the staff is friendly.  I suggest the chicken quesadilla. It is served with beans and guacamole inside the quesadilla and is awesome.
5	I work in the arcadia area from time to time and do not have much time for lunch... This place has the very best street tacos carne asada. Only one server in the joint and she busts her hump(literally she is pregnant) working in there... the tacos are to die for.. always crunchy meat and perfect onions & cilantro... the price is unbeatable and food is prepared very fast so you are not late getting back to work... I wish there was a Tortas El Rey in Mesa!!!    yumm!
4	Very good tortas. Ordered the asada torta and came on a soft bun with avocado and tomato. Had lettuce and grilled onions on the side with lime wedges. Would definitely come back to try other menu items.
5	I was flying up 24th street late for a business meeting when I cut the wheel into the nearest strip mall shopping center to grab some lunch.  Opened the door at Tortas el Rey into one of the best Mexican meals I've ever had.  Lemonade with fresh squeezed lemons. Home styled salsa with the right amount of good heat.  Fast service, and large portions of fresh onions, peppers, chorizo, quacamole, and homemade tortillas served steaming. I had the house signature dish Alhambra de Res.Que bueno!
4	Ordered take out for the first time and when my coworker came back with the food she had pizza boxes. The quesadilla al pastor I ordered actually came in one of those pizza boxes it was that big ! And at a reasonable price too. The food tasted great and I will be back to try some of their other menu items.
4	Went to this place to make sure it was as good as man vs. Food made it seem! Was not disappointed it was delicious, I orders a Milanesa nothing but perfection!! The only reason why I give it a 4 is because of the crazy loud music they have playing, god I can't even Hear my self thinking I had to scream for them to get my order and for a person who talks loud like me to scream it must have have super  loud that they could not hear me!
4	Been there 2X already and always good.  Had the 3 chick tacos and 3 Asada tacos.  Both were delish.  Service is fast and food is plentiful.  This is a neighborhood joint short on atmosphere but oh so good is the food.  We'll keep going!
5	Always so good. Authentic food. Owner is here daily and often will come to check on you. Some may not like the location but trust me the food more then makes up for it.
3	Great place to get tortas in the city favorite spot since 2010 its favorite torta is the milanesa and the asada the horhata id the bees knees i highly recommend this spot
