4	Having heard about the opening on Twitter, I nipped in on opening night to see what Clerk's Bar had to offer, and, like Alan S, was pleasantly surprised.I'm not, generally speaking, a pubs person myself, least of all for pubs with sports on the screen, but Clerk's has a dash of difference. The two screens (one showing a Champions League footie match on STV, the other showing a different footie match on Sky Sports) were well-placed such that you could position yourself most places in the bar and still get a decent view, added to which the sound on the STV match was up loud enough that it was audible over the chatter (I find commentary one of the most interesting parts of watching sports on telly, so in bars it's normally pointless for me).Already well-populated by those in the know and quick off the mark, the place was already thriving with a lovely warm atmosphere; I only just managed to get a stool at the bar. Big tick for the bar stools, by the way - sturdy, in heavy cast iron with good solid wooden seat-tops that spin around for adjustable height (and for ease of fun swivelling).The decor is stylish, in a woodeny kind of way, with some seriously cool lightbulbs over the bar (zig-zaggy filament joy) and the staff at the bar were really friendly despite the fact that business was pretty steady and they weren't getting much chance to rest. The menu looks really great - lovely slow-cooked things, burritos, burgers, smoked yumness... I'd love to have tried something but I'd just eaten, will definitely head back to give it a go as it really seems my kind of place. If they're showing the snooker World Champs, I must just end up living there!
4	This has the potential to be a great local pub, with a decent selection of beers and excellent food. There was an excellent choice of real ale on tap, as well as an extensive selection of bottled beers. Their house lager (which we heard was brewed in-house) was pretty decent at 2.50/pint, and the other beers weren't overpriced either.Food was American style, smoked meats, burgers, hot dogs. I had a pulled pork hot dog with sweet potato fries, and they were both excellent and decent sized portions. Decor is a rustic/steampunk mix, and seating could be improved, our tables were crowded  a bit too close. It advertises itself as a sports bar, and although there were large screens they were muted, for which I was thankful. However, it may be different if there's a major event on - not to everyone's taste.
4	New on the Newington landscape providing entertainment via a large selection of large screen TVS and burgers, nachos and ribs to soak up the good selection of beers ( not as good as the Southern down the road).Great place to watch the footie and hang out with the lads if that's your thing.
4	Clerk's bar is a new addition to our neighbourhood and so far we have had a few visits. They pride themselves on their beers and slow cooked food. Clerk's serves simple, tasty comfort food-pulled pork, ribs, mac'n'cheese, cheesy fries. (So okay, if you're veggie, you might not love it... ) During our visits we have enjoyed their tasty pulled pork sliders, burritos and deliciously messy nachos. Food is served in plastic 'diner-style' baskets and is hearty rather than pretty. They also have a lot of beer stuff going on. I'm not a beer drinker myself, but apparently their beers 'weren't all that' according to others that I was with. They have a range of tables and even had a whole downstairs section. The place is pretty busy, mostly with students and the service is friendly (if a little cheesy)! They have a nice mix of wooden tables etc but there is a kind of odd semi-sports bar theme. I reckon it would be better without the sports screens! Overall, Clerk's in a nice addition to the area. It's just new so I reckon it might improve with time. It's a good place to meet up with a few friends if you fancy something easy and near. Simple, tasty food in a handy location.
4	Having now eaten here I'm happy to endorse it further as the burger and other things 3 of us enjoyed on Easter Sunday were all good value for money and served swiftly and attentively after the order was placed.Interesting though that the noise upstairs (I've yet to investigate the basement level) was actually possibly even worse than on a Saturday night. There was football on the tv certainly but only one rowdy table yet its noise was chanelled throughout the bar. Not the most pleasant working environment if you've to put up with that on a regular basis.
4	For a new craft beer premises it's ok and the staff seem to know a good deal of what they are talking about.The interior is nice and cosy with lots of seating.  As part of of a group we were offered a beer tasting and nachos and chicken wings.  Quite happy to say I found a craft beer that I liked.  The nachos and chicken wings were ok, nothing screams out better than anywhere else.It's nice and cosy downstairs where we had the event too.
