3	I think I must be getting old. The last time I was in Hector's it was too crowded, too loud, impossible to get served and the loos too squalid. And I really dislike having walk through a wall of smoke (and smokers) to get in the door.Given that this was once a favourite haunt and that I have yet to find a replacement, eating and drinking out is either not what it used to be or I am turning into my father. Just call me Victoria Meldrew I've given the place 3 stars because the wines, beers and food have always been reliably good and it is hardly Hector's fault that I've gotten cranky. Sort out the service & the loos and I could probably be dragged back in.
4	Hectors is absolutely my most frequented, and most favoured public house establishment in Stockbridge, and it's pretty high up there when it comes to the whole of Edinburgh actually.I've been coming here for what must be a good few years now, and it's one of these places that when in doubt, or if you're feeling indecisive, you can always just plump for Hectors, because you know it'll be great banter.Hectors very much seems like a locals' pub when you arrive through its big doorway, as its deep, comfy sofas, welcoming looking and spacious interior all promote a feeling of sinking yourself down and chatting away with a few beers for hours. Hectors is brilliant because I think it's achieved that nice happy medium between chilled out pub and stylish bar. You can feel a bit of both here, whether you're slouching about on a Sunday afternoon and winding down the weekend, or you're here on a Friday for some pre party time drinking. It's pretty much always busy in Hectors in the evening, so there is a chance you'll have to wait a while to get a seat, but you can always prop up the bar and observe until you see a space. The best spot to get if you're in a big group is right up the back of the bar, where there are two sofas, a fireplace and other bits of seating. When you're occupying that whole space, it kind of feels like you have your own wee private area.The bar has a very decent wine and general beverages range, plus it does a lunch and dinner menu throughout the week, which changes at the weekend. If I'm to be totally honest, the food can be hit and miss, but when it's good, it's good, and it mostly seems to be at super busy weekend times that standards seem to drop a bit.All in all, I love Hector's fairy light draped bar and general vibe, which regularly draw me in for drinking happiness and japery.
4	A few years ago I almost bought a flat above this place. If I had I'd be the size of a house by now. The food is great, reasonably priced and the staff are friendly. It's well positioned in Stockbridge so get a seat at the front and people watch while enjoying a pint and a hearty bowl of soup.
4	Clearly a popular bar for the neighbourhood. The warmth of the place was very welcoming when its snowing outside. The crowd was on the 30s plus side when I was there, so a decent place for a sit down and having a conversation as it wasn't so rowdy in the early part of the evening.
3	Okay it's in Stockbridge and it's big & comfy... but got to say the cooking was rather underwhelming.Also odd how the brunch menu mentions starting with a bloody mary but (by law) not served until noon?  Huh???All in all... it's a good joint for a neighbourhood to have.
4	A neighbourhood 'local' but one that's more a local 'bar' than a local 'pub'. This subtle distinction means that rather than there being local OAPs and sticky tables, there are familiar faces, friendly staff, a warm bustling atmosphere but also the sense that if you're *not* a local (exhibit A) then you can be eyed up a "who's this then?" type look.Saying all that, I do like Hectors. Stockbridge is like a wee village in itself (I heard they're actually pushing to be an independent village to Edinburgh?) which I am still to acquaint myself with better. I wouldn't say it's the sort of place you'd go for a heavy night out with dancey dancey. Instead, you could comfortably do a few bar hops from cosy bar to cosy bar and end the evening quite merry.Hectors would be a great place to start the evening, or end it, or spend most of it. It's big inside, warm, comfy sofas, and despite how big it is seems to be quite packed a lot of the time. They do food which looked a-ok (wouldn't go out my way for it) but the 'Stockbridge'-ness of the place was reflected in their advertised bar snacks: squid, camembert, sweet potato fries. No pork scratching and nuts here. And here was me thinking wasabi peas were fancy.If I lived locally, this would be a wonderful local to have. Feels like the sort of place everyone would know your name, you could come with loads of friends for banter or on your lonesome with a newspaper midafternoon and get caught up in playful patter with the barstaff.Problem is I'm not a local, and I'm not sure how far I'd go out of my way to come here. It's great for what it is - a local - but it doesn't have any drawing features to make me hop across town. That's no bad thing, just saying.Prices were actually reasonable too considering the area. Hectors, nice work.
4	I've ended up going here a few times this year and although this could be said of several pubs I felt this one deserved a mention as it really is a gem. I've been here on both a night out with friends and an afternoon with my parents and it was a great place to sit and chat.The large windows at the front afford a view along the road so you can people watch the inhabitants of Stockbridge. There is a good range of beer available. I haven't eaten here but the menu did look tempting.An all round good Edinburgh pub which I'm sure I'll be seeing more of in the future.
4	I went here this week to catch up with a friend I haven't seen since University. Which was... quite a long time ago. So long, that I was worried I wouldn't recognise her - I think I scared quite a few blonde women by scrutinising them too closely...But never fear, we met up, and Hector's turned out to be the perfect place. It's just cosy, comfy, slightly scuffed round the edges - and quiet enough to have a good blether. There are lots of little nooks and corners to sit in, too, which makes it all the cosier. If trickier, when trying to recognise someone!We didn't eat, so I can't report on the food, but they have a good wine list at decent prices. I'll be back - Stockbridge isn't an area I go too much, but when I do, Hector's is definitely a nice bar to drop into.
4	Hector's is a nice place with a bit of funkyness to it, in the heart of Stockbridge.  It doesn't try to be trendy, but to a certain extent it achieves it, and I like that.  During the afternoon it's a relaxed place where you can come for an interesting pint, a bite to eat (though they make their nachos with fried flour tortillas... I found it weird) and a quiet chat on one of their funky (and somewhat in need of re-covering) sofas.  On the weekend, it's buzzing and packed to the gills with a professional crowd.  Even packed, the bar staff have the uncanny ability to recognise who's next to be served - a skill which is very praiseworthy.  I think Hector's brings a bit of quirk and soul to Stockbridge and provides an excellent alternative to some of the more mainstream or traditional bars in the area.
5	First time at Hector's, went there for a meeting with colleagues and I had the soup of the day; Courgette and Broad beans. Simply the best soup I have ever had. It felt as if the Philadelphia  symphony orchestra performed in my mouth and I didn't want it to stop.For soup this is the place, need to try more and hope it is as good.
4	Lovely cooked breakfast with extra chips & hollandaise sauce washed down with an extra spicy Bloody Mary
4	I've lived in Stockbridge for many years and, of all the pubs in the area,  Hectors has to be my favourite. It's quite an achievement that, for over twenty years, it has never lost its popularity. It may no longer boast the richly coloured oversized velvet chairs and huge ornate wrought iron wine rack that it was known for for many years, but what it now lacks in flamboyance it more than makes up for in coziness. In recent months, dogs have been restricted to the front area by the bar, rather than the section beyond that leads to the open fire and the eating tables. But they are still more than welcomed, and mine always gets a lot of fuss and a bowl of water if we need it.The food is exceptionally good - I'd recommend their handmade lentil & spinach burger and the salted caramel & chocolate tart - and reasonably priced too.The perfect place to go to after a walk along the Water of Leith.
3	Our first evening out in our new neighborhood (or neighbourhood, if you must), we were lured into this comfortable, inviting bar. Several ales on tap, which made me happy. They had a food menu with today's date printed on it, leaving me to wonder how many of the items on it were daily or weekly specials and how many were standards. I'll surely figure this out eventually, as I'll definitely be back to Hector's (if only because it is so very convenient). Service was friendly and prompt. The menu contained a good variety of vegetarian options, especially when you consider all the starters and sides available. I imagined my way through several orders before settling on the lentil and spinach burger. It was OK, but not spectacular. The fries were a bit underwhelming. My favorite parts of the meal were the sides that came with my husband's pie - very tasty kale and mash.
5	Home of the Edinburgh brunch. Well for me anyways!Hectors is really the only place we've consistently enjoyed for Sunday brunch. Friendly service, incredibly knowledgeable waitstaff and all round excellent food. I love seeing the well behaved pooches around the restaurant.If I owned a bar/pub, I would want it to be like this place!
4	Since my first review of Hector's, we've been back several times, and the place has really grown on us. Lots of tasty food on the menu, and the rotating beers on tap are always interesting. There are often fun seasonal specials on the menu - I still fondly remember last summer's strawberry black pepper lemonade. If anything, my one complaint is that it's too popular - often it's hard to wander in without a reservation and find a table.
4	Great food and the service was great. Awesome casked conditioned ales. This American foodie and beer lover was impressed!
