5	Adobe Animal Hospital was recommended to us by our awesome dog trainer Andrew and we are so glad we found them. I love everything about them-their front office staff, the office decor, the doctors! Everyone is so friendly and really seems to care about my dog.We recently moved out of state and have been having a hard time finding a new vet for our dog but Adobe Animal Hospital saved the day by expediting a shipment of our dog's meds to us in our new city.I highly recommend Adobe Animal Hospital!
5	12 years ago I had a Golden Retriever puppy, my first dog and she quickly became a part of my family.  New to the world of pet ownership, I tried a few different vets and was pretty disappointed by a number of things that I won't mention here.  Then I was finally lucky enough to stumble across Adobe (and Dr. Tom Newland).  Dr. Newland treated us almost as family and you could tell he truly cared about Casey (our dog).  She actually liked coming to the vet because Dr. Newland and staff were always so authentically happy to see her and really showered her with affection.   Dr. Newland's integrity is rock solid as well.  I was never hit with any type of unforeseen charge (on the occasions where major care was needed, he always gave me options and prepared me for the cost); there's no beaurocracy happening here.  When it was finally time to say goodbye to Casey, he opened the clinic on a weekend and was very compassionate while we said our farewells.  I now have an older golden (a rescue) and he and the staff treat her with love and compassion as well.If we ever leave the area I don't know how we'll replace Adobe.
5	sometimes, i don't even have to say my name. either they recognize my voice when i call (or more realistically, my name pops up on their caller ID) because they are just that good, or maybe it's because they work with animals...i don't know, but they always know and remember me and my dog.at my first ever job orientation at a hospital in Atlanta, the staff leader asked a question...."Why is it that doctorates in veterinary medicine differ so much from doctorates in human medicine? Because vets love their patients"....so true.i haven't used the same vet everytime i go to adobe, but each vet there is just so darn calm and caring. you can immediately tell when someone enjoys animals. and it's not just the doc's....it's the whole staff. they all love animals. they always make me feel like i have the best dog in the whole world (although i'd like her to be, she lacks many personal best characteristics). in any case, great clinic, great hospital, great staff.
5	Most friendly, accommodating staff and I never have to wait more than 5 minutes when I get there.  Highly recommended, they know their stuff!
5	had my pup's usual yearly check-up and shots. these people are just so great. they spend so much time with us, and my dog leaves full from all the treats they give. after working in a hospital all day, i'm still amazed at how people whom work with dogs are always so stinking happy at this place. coming here after work and seeing how great they interact with my pooch makes even the worst day end on a happy note!
5	Fantastic place for my pup. The doctor and vet techs were great with my dog and so easy to talk too. If only human doctors were this great.
5	Gravy to my train. Bow to my wow. Meow to my mix. This place is awesome! Just ask my dog. I brought Lucas here as a referral and because he needed some tests, he ended up staying until I was able to pick him up at the end of my work day. The vet techs [and all the staff] who work there are crazy sweet - two brought him up to me when I picked him up and both were telling me what a great dog he is. And my boy Lucas, although always preferring to be at my side, is happy here. He does not turn to run. He smells, he gets love and has gotten treatment from Dr. Newland that has literally brought him back to life. Dr. Newland explains the treatment options and any potential affects. He follows up and calls when he says he will. On one occasion I asked for a different medication for a rescued cat and he called me to discuss my options. In my previous experience, the vet wouldn't call, they'd give another prescription to the front desk and have them call. No matter. Pick an experience here - they've all been great. I am so grateful to be able to be confident that my animals are receiving the best possible care. As another reviewer points out, its what we'd want for ourselves as well. Thank you too Kristi and Kimber especially, for always being so so kind no matter what kind of morning frenzy I'm having.
5	Like they even need another review - they have a solid 5 stars as it is!Just got back from my first visit to Adobe, and I am beyond impressed. My German Shepherd pup was having some stomach issues over the holidays, so I decided to have him checked out to be on the safe side. I knew he didn't have an obstruction or other emergency issue, but I was concerned about parasites.The receptionist, Hilary, was super sweet on the phone and in person. She was upfront with what tests she thought would be ordered, and how much it would run me (and it wasn't an arm and a leg; the office call was only $56). I was very happy they'd be able to see me the next morning, but then she called back not 20 minutes later with a cancellation and said to come on in. Even better! The tech was very good with his 40 pounds of squirming, and loved on him the whole time. I was also happy they let me help hold him - I've been to vets that called in a 2nd tech, like the owners aren't capable of safely holding their own dog. Okay, maybe some aren't, but I am, and I appreciate being able to and not being instructed like a child.Dr. Newland was AWESOME.The difference between him and some other vets I've been to?- Other vets: "Oh my God, we need to run $500 worth of expensive tests and start him on multiple medications", general sense of admonishment for not rushing him to their affiliated ER clinic, eagerness to run the bill up, very few questions about anything, etc... -Dr. Newland:  Super calm and personable. He spent 20 minutes going over everything (his last few days of activity and stomach issues, diet, contact with other dogs, where I take him in public, anything he could think of really), felt his abdomen thoroughly, and said "Honestly, he's a puppy, they eat funny things, and something probably just irritated his stomach. He's plainly feeling pretty good, so just feed him a bland diet, give him this medication to settle his stomach, and bring a stool sample just in case, so you know for sure he's parasite-free".  He also dispensed advice for my dog's general care, as long as we were there, about heartworm prevention and  necessary vaccines, etc. I even got a good education on the different types of parasites and which were even likely in AZ's climate (turns out, not many). I really appreciated that he didn't try to frighten me into expensive diagnostics and possible serious diseases, and that he is so on his game and scientific/logical about things.I am very impressed and will be making Adobe my regular vet for as long as possible.
5	I just had to update with another 5 star experience. The reasons? - My dog DRAGGED me into the clinic. He runs behind the desk and into the back to greet the techs. He wags his tail and presents his butt for scratches to the doctor. I've never had a dog be happy to go to the vet.- Our trip to Adobe was because my genius dog ate a glass ornament, so I rushed in with no appointment. Dr. Newland was just finishing a surgery and came right out to take care of us within 10 minutes. - This qualified to me as "emergency", and nobody panicked. They actually teased him instead and now refer to him as "Glass Eater". This made me laugh a little and was much appreciated, as I was having panicky thoughts of $2000 surgery racing through my head, never mind the idea of losing my dog. - Dr. Newland remembered me and things we had chatted about 2 months ago, as well as thanked me for my Yelp review. Awww, thanks! I love how much they know and remember all their clients here. They ran an x-ray and turns out my dog wasn't really intending to EAT the glass, but he did chew up and swallow a few tiny shards. Luckily, they were so tiny that they were already passing right through. Again, Dr. Newland gave me some very low-key, common sense advice - feed him bland food and bread, Pepcid so he won't vomit glass back up, no hard playing so he doesn't get any stray shards slammed into his intestine walls... you get the drift. Again, at most other vets I've seen, I'd be leaving with a bunch of unnecessary medications. I'm just gonna give them a permanent 5 stars, cause I don't see anything changing any time soon :)
5	Adobe has to be, hands down the best Veterinarian I have ever brought my furry kids to! We brought our boys Charlie and Max in to get issues they were having checked out. Dr Davis and staff made all of us comfortable and at ease right off the bat. Max got some medicine for his allergies, and Charlie got some meds for his issue. As it turns out Charlie had a bigger issue. Dr. Davis and staff really showed that they genuinely cared not only for Charlie but us as well. The compassion that was shown to us gets 5 stars alone!
5	I love this place...all staff is super attentive and very curtious...everyone makes us pet parents feel at ease...Adobe Animal Hospital makes me feel secure that our pet child will be well taken care of ...
4	The staff here is very attentive and helpful. We bring 3 family dogs here and they have always spent load if time with us making sure we are healthy and happy. My only complaint is that the prices are high and they don't offer all the med options some of the larger, more commercial places do but it's a not a big trade off considering the courtesy you end up with.
5	We weren't sure if we'd find a vet out here as good as the one we had back East...but....wow! From the front desk to the techs to the veterinarian, this place is special. The vet is incredibly knowledgeable, great with pets AND people and took his time with us, addressing every concern and question with patience, kindness and humor. He was extremely thorough and gentle with our pet. We've never met a better vet!
5	Best. Vet. Ever. I personally see Dr. Davis, but Dr. Newland is also amazing. I take my personal pets here, but also worked for a facility where most of our clients took their pets here as well. I have never heard a single complaint against them. The staff is always so happy and helpful. Christy is the perkiest person I have ever met, and her mood is contagious. I always feel like my pets are being taken care of, and that I'm not just another dollar sign walking through the door. Dr. Davis recommended spacing out my dogs vaccinations, but didn't charge me an office visit upon my return for the other vaccinations. That to me, shows that he cares and isn't in it just for the money.
5	AWESOME experience!One of my cats were starting to act very temperamental, made weird gagging noises before she'd spaz out twisting her neck.  I thought maybe she had some kind of psychiatric issue and was hesitant to bring her in before I can figure out what exactly was wrong.When I offered her a treat and she went for it tentatively, and immediately acted like I hurt her it was the last straw and I made an appointment.  They were able to see us within an hour.The staff was very nice and careful around my unhappy cat.  A tech came and held her by the scruff while Dr. Davis did his examination.  Thankfully within minutes he found something sticking out of one of her back teeth.They sedated her, pulled it out, chipped the tartar that had built up around it and gave her an antibiotic shot that would cover 2 weeks.  All for about $220.  As easy and reasonably priced as it was, I felt terrible for not bringing her in sooner!  They were so nice and expertly handled her.  They explained everything to me before and after the procedure.  I would definitely recommend this hospital!
5	I went to Fresh and Easy to purchase my favorite hummus, and rescued a 3 month old puppy instead.  I knew I needed to get her to a good veterinarian close to my  home, and looked at Yelp for reviews.  I trusted the reviews here, and I can honestly say they didn't fail me.  My new pup was examined by Dr. Matthew Davis. He is thorough, highly skilled, kind and offered me great puppy advice to keep her healthy and happy.  When she developed a cough a few days after the exam, he saw her on the same day as my frantic call and prescribed antibiotics that cured her. He also followed up with a phone call.   I believe their fees are reasonable, they are on time, and the staff is very well trained, and caring.  Now that we have moved to San Diego, I will be on the search for a vet as caring as Dr. Davis and his staff at Adobe Animal Hospital.
5	I foster-failed a *tiny* abandoned kitten just over a month ago.  He was in bad shape at only just over 1oz at 2 weeks old, horribly infected eyes (possibly blind), URIs, etc.  I had one visit with Dr. Davis and he was so patient with taking time to explain what to be doing and looking out for.  He was encouraging, but realistic.  Adobe is just down the street from where I live and for 5.5 weeks I'd stop by a couple times a week just to weigh Logan to make sure he was still gaining.  Last week, Logan stopped gaining weight and wanting to eat.  I knew there was a reason he was SO small, but was hopeful as time passed we were out of the woods.  It's likely he had a heart defect.  He only got to 6oz at 7 weeks old.  The morning of an appointment I had with Dr. Davis, little Logan passed away.  Dr. Davis and the staff were all so encouraging in Logan's life and disappointed along with me in his death.  A few days later, I received a wonderful sympathy card with a nice message written by Dr. Davis.I don't have more than a few weeks of experience with Adobe, but my experience with Dr. Davis was wonderful considering the situation.  I just rescued another abandoned kitten and will be taking her to Adobe as well.
5	Ahhhh......... where do I begin .........Moved here in 1994 with my husband and my 10 month old Lhasa-Apso boy, Cody..... ask Dr. Newland about Cody the wonder dog with the 6 out of 6 heart murmur.  Dr figured out the formula to extend his life for 2 extra years - you would have never known he was as sick as he was (neither did Cody!)  - always happy and playful without a care in the world.  We found Dr. Newland thru a friend and he took such awesome care of my Cody until his passing in May 2010. We added 3 more (Mickey, Sonni and Mc Duff) Lhasa to the family, and Dr. Newland cared for our 4 boys up until the last one passed in 2011 ..... they enjoyed long lives under Dr Newland's care ages 16 1/2, 13, and 8 (the last one McDuff passed suddenly from Hemolytic Anemia). The health issues that developed were always diagnosed and managed by Dr Newland very quickly - from heart murmurs, to neuro disorders to renal failure and cancer .. Our new generation of rescues are here - Sooshi, Duffy O and Big Jake - and Dr Newland is their doctor as well. We are always able to get an appt - sometimes same day - and Dr Newland gets it figured out. Always a smile on his face and the knowledge abounds.
5	I cannot say enough good things about Dr. Newland. He was my vet from 2008 until I moved last month. I have two dogs, a 9 year old Yorkie and 4 year old Yorkie Poodle. When my Yorkie got sick last summer, and all the tests came back negative, Dr. Newland worked diligently and quickly to source the root of my dog's illness. When the diagnosis came back as Valley Fever I was terrified. Luckily my dog displayed symptoms early, and it was treated early because of Dr. Newland's persistence, intuition and experience. After a few months on anti-fungals my dog was back to his bossy, demanding self. I cannot thank Dr. Newland enough. Without a quick diagnosis my dog may not have survived, or may have needed medication daily for the rest of his life. Today he is doing great. I am praying to find a vet like Dr. Newland in my new city!
5	Dr. Davis and all the staff at Adobe are the absolute best I have ever had to take care of my dogs.  All the staff are friendly, helpful and accommodating. My dogs LOVE coming here and jump from the truck  racing to the front door to see everyone. They are always greeted warmly. Dr. Davis always spends a good amount of time with my dogs - usually sitting on the floor with them in his lap...and they are big dogs!  They love him and his care for them is apparent. He is thorough and has always gotten to the bottom of their issue without any trouble. I can't imagine going anywhere else.
