4	I was told that their key making skills are extraordinaire here. Just need to do something about the air in the morning. I know its Phoenix in the Fall. It still gets a lil stuffy here. Crank that AC in the morning.
4	A day full of errands is not one of my favorite ways to spend the day.  But every now and again, you gotta do what you have to do and when I need to ship a package whilst I'm on that side of town, most certainly, I'd like to stop at this UPS store to do it.  On this occasion, I was returning an online purchase.  I searched on my Yelp App to map out my stops and this UPS store turned up.This is a typical UPS store with packaging materials for purchase and mailboxes to rent.  I was particularly happy with the service that I received from the lady who waited on me.  I arrived to the store about 3 or 4 minutes before they opened.  She saw me outside and opened the door.  I appreciated her not making me wait the 3 or 4 minutes and she let me come into the store.She was helpful in that she reminded me that I needed to keep up with my receipt because there was no other way to prove that I dropped off the package.  Great tip for me as that receipt would have gone in receipt purgatory, my purse pocket.A clean and well organized store.
5	Jan is extremely friendly. All the employees are very helpful. They have a computer to print from, copy machines, they laminate, make keys, mail. If you purchase something at the frys next door, they have a coupon on the back of the receipt.
2	This is not about the UPS shipping but rather their Printing Services.It was bad. The copiers do not scan or take USB ($2 + wait to have them scan), you cannot connect your computer to print (like many FedEx), and it is $0.10 a min to go on a computer.Maybe I've been spoiled because I usually use FedEx's services, but I had to leave. It was annoying that the equipment had the technology to be efficient, less cost to the costumer, and faster but it was never networked properly.I needed to print from USB, sign, scan, and collect files to email. It would have taken too long and I wasn't about to pay more for worse service than I can find elsewhere.
