5	My wife and I have been using this particular shop for some time now, and have absolutely NO complaints.  They are always very professional, courteous, informative and always let us know if there might be something to keep an eye (or ear) on regarding any future repairs.  We would highly recommend this shop to others.
5	I was there early this saturday morn'...outstanding service..showed me exactly why i did not need my A/C serviced...it is so relieving to know a car sevice place that won't screw u over...i will go back there everytime...
4	I went to the Jiffy Lube located at 5475 Camino Al Norte, North Las Vegas, NV 89031. I was prepared to stay a while at a dingy mechanic shop, but to my surprise, it was clean and David, the mechanic who assisted me was really nice and helpful. I have see NASCAR pit stops that took longer than my oil change, I didn't even finish my coffee. Seriously, fast and good service, yea I paid a little more but it was worth my time and satisfaction.
5	Dave @ store #3081 provided great customer service. Been coming to this location for years.
5	Dave's customer service was awesome and highly professional. I would definitely come again.
5	Did oil change and smog great job. They were very fast and costumer service was amazing.
5	Best place for oil change Dave always takes care of us!!!! We have a new car and never took it to the dealership because of the service here!
1	Went to this location for a simple oilchange. As I was waiting I witnessed a couple complaining that the technician had broke a part. The gentleman had to buy the part so that it could be replaced. I was concerned at this point and should of left which i regret now. As I am getting ready to drive off I notice my window is down and the power window is not closing the window . I return to the location and tell the attendant from his reaction he is used to these types of mishaps. I leave my phone number and ask that his manger contact me.Two days later that did not happen .I call and the manager,he tells me to bring the car because one of his mechanics will repair it . I take it in and 2 1/2 hours later he says he cant fix it. The claims department then asked me to bring in two bids for the cost. When I did the claims department denied my claim with a ridiculous and unfounded excuse . This whole. ordeal lasted two weeks .Do not come here this company takes no responsibility for their actions.You go in for a simple oil change and they take it upon themselves to inspect your engine so they can upsell and cause property damage.
5	Went to get my oil changed and was in and out in 15 minutes and didn't pay an arm and a leg. I received excellent customer service from a guy named Angel too, he was very polite and informative. As I was leaving? the mechanics in the garage even stopped to say good bye and have a nice day. Overall good experience. I will be back.
1	If you need a Smog Check don't bother going here ... I came her last year and was given the run around about the Smog Guy having just left. I decided to give it another try this year and for 3 days straight I was told he "JUST" left even though I called 5 minutes prior and was told they were doing them until 3.... Just use one of the other places. This place obviously doesn't have a real Smog Guy to perform this function .... It's just something they advertise to draw you in and then snag you like a Venus fly trap l.
5	Great Location! Very clean and staff is extremely helpful. No pressured up sell scheming here. They give you honest advice with reasonable recommendations. I avoided a costly engine flush with Herbert's recommendation to come in regularly for oil changes instead. My car was done before I could run to CVS to grab a couple things. Location is a bit out of my way, but definitely worth the visit. Will be coming back definitely.
5	They've always taken care of us since 2007. There's a reason why we kept coming back. They have excellent service and staff are always helpful. Steve, the manager have always been thorough with all the services and he lets you know up front with the diagnosis of your car.
