5	I love coming to workout here! The trainers know what they are doing and really care about your results and progress. I have improved my speed, form and overall athletic ability. They have a lot of different classes throughout the day and I never have trouble getting in.
1	What originally sold me on signing up is how easy it is to cancel if need be with no fees. This appealed to me bc of my busy lifestyle. I tried for 5 weeks to cancel my membership after a month of working out but seeing no real results.  I got charged the fee after I had called to cancel and they would not refund because phone "records" didn't match my story. I called 3x wherein they told me someone would call me back - instead of canceling my membership as requested. So I went by in person and Brave the manager was never in to cancel it. Apparently she is the only one who can authorize a cancelation?? After several attempts I finally got her on the phone - I was livid because I was charged a fee after leaving several "messages" with people to please cancel. She "waived" the upcoming second charge as if I didn't give 30 days notice. It took me over 30 days to cancel - if original request was followed I wouldn't have been charged this month. Terrible records and customer service. It's definitely a sales boiler room used car salesman feeling you get as soon as you try to cancel.  I've had several friends tell me the exact same story.
1	Update: Orange Theory has since refunded the fee they withdrew from my account. It took a lot of effort but finally did the right thing because their records were incorrect.
1	Yikes!  This is an accident waiting to happen.  It was complete chaos.  The trainer did no intake and did nothing to find out anything about me or my partner.  If he read the intake (which is measly), he would have known my partner shouldn't have lifted over his head.  I also told him my resting heart rate was extremely low, so the regular "orange theory" burn of an average heart rate reading wouldn't apply.  There is no customization for an individual, you are just one of the cattle being put through the same moves as everyone else.  I guess if you've been there a while, you've grown accustomed to setting your own pace, but three of us were new and in completely different conditions.  I was extremely concerned for the third person who was a young girl with no knowledge of form or core stability.  My advice - run away!
5	After having a baby, I wanted to get back in shape but didn't want the hassle of going to a massive gym and figuring out a routine. With sleepless nights from a newborn baby, I wanted someone to tell me what to do and how to do it. I came to the right place. It's like mindless working out, with over the top results. I was dedicated to showing up, and the trainers helped with the rest. Meal plans, encouragement, motivation....all it takes is work ethic on your part! Ask questions if you are lost, come early or stay after and get clarification. It's fast moving, and leaves no time wasted. The results are fabulous, and I am back to pre-baby body in just 2 months of orange theory! It works!
5	This is a trainer guided workout. $149/month gets you unlimited classes, 7 days a week. I paid $149/month at LA fitness for 25 minutes per week with a personal trainer. That didn't include the $25 per month for the membership to the club as well. Plus I was under a contract for 1 year with the trainer. IMHO - one on one w/ a trainer allowed me to say, "i can't" if the workout got hard. When you're in a trainer guided class with 23 other people, there was no "i can't", I just do it! It's sort of competitive, or not wanting to fail in front of others that drives me. I absolutely love the work outs and the concept. I highly recommend Orange Theory Fitness!
5	I'm surprised to see anything less than 5 stars for this location.  If you come in with an odd misconception that this is anything but guided group workouts, you may be less than pleased.  That is pretty obvious, as there is one big room with equipment and a class schedule that doesn't often change.  With that said, my experience with OTF has been perfect.  Every trainer is motivating and enthusiastic about the workouts, they always explain modifications for those who may have various health concerns.  During my first session, although it was a busy 5pm class, my trainer explained the basic idea to me, and since I'm a pretty capable adult, I was able to catch on quickly.  Occasionally when I have confusion about form, I ask, and they are always more than happy to explain something to me.  I recently went from an unlimited package to 8 sessions per month, and the transition was smooth and I had no issues communicating with management about the change.  Thank you OTF for being so wonderful!
