4	Had the Tonkatsu-Shoyu Ramen (pork + soy sauce broth). The food arrived quickly, and the portion size was just right (not too big, not too small). The decor is minimal, but tasteful. Kenzo focuses on just the Ramen and does it well.
3	If you're looking for fairly decent ramen in the Waterloo region, this is the place. The ramen offered at Watami Sushi Bar pales greatly in comparison to that of which is at Kenzo, but that's to be expected considering that Kenzo is primarily a ramen shop.The waits are long on weekday afternoons due to the lunch hour rush of university students, so it is best to visit there outside of those hours. The staff are kind and respectful, however during the rush hour, it is quite slow. In terms of decor, the restaurant is well-lit and quite clean. But of course, the ramen is the star of the show. I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen, which was $10.95 not including tax. Overall, it was a decent bowl, but still requires improvement if you are used to that which is offered in Toronto or Vancouver. The pork has a good distribution of fat and meat, which was not tough at all. I think that the noodles could be a bit springier, but that's of my own preference. The egg was disappointing; instead of a yellow and slightly runny consistency, it moreso resembled a hard boiled egg. The stock was fairly good; nice and creamy. The bok-choy is a standard offering at Kenzo stands, which was well cooked, but did not really complement the other flavours. Portion-wise, it's a bit small for almost $11. All in all, my experience was decent. Going outside of the lunch hour should improve the service however. While the ramen isn't amazing, the option of having ramen in Waterloo is still far better than none at all.
3	New place, long wait, what else is new. If you are from Toronto, you would be used to lining up for ramen places though (but never really quite sure why...)The ramen is standard kenzo, so noodle is a bit chewy. What I liked was that the stock wasn't too salty. Not sure if portion is too small or price is too high (again standard kenzo so not really directed to this particular restaurant).The takoyaki was quite okay, a satisfying snack eat to end the meal on a good note.I would say this is a welcome addition to the plaza landscape, may be tempted to visit again on cold winter days.
5	Kenzo Ramen serves an excellent bowl of ramen! Glad to see some quality food return to the plaza. Definitely recommend going early before the line forms!Didn't feel full after eating a Shoyu Ramen and it's quite pricey. Wish service could be better, one of the server wasn't very well-versed in the difference between the bowls. Only one credit card machine, so it takes a while if you're the third table waiting for the credit card machine...
2	Probably the best ramen restaurant in the University of Waterloo plaza.It is not as good as the Kenzo Ramen restaurant in downtown Toronto, lacks flavour.The price is high for the quality. You cannot wait in line inside of the restaurant, therefore you have to wait outside because there is usually a line of 5 of more people waiting. (Not comfortable in the winter).The credit/debit card machine does not work.Service was fast.The restaurant appeared to be run by Koreans rather than Japanese people. So its not legit ramen.Will probably not go often, I would rather have ramen in Toronto, where the quality justifies the price.
2	The food is decent compares to the ones in Toronto. Our waiter was extremely slow and unprofessional! I saw him adding the dry tako flakes on my Yaki soba with bare hands :( I have seen him touching the bills and other stuff before serving my dish. Please, at least use tongs! I will still come to this place for the food, but their service needs improvement :/
3	Overall, the meal was good but I wouldn't line up an hour just for this (especially in the wintery cold).Also, the waiters were ridiculously slow and didn't seem to care that there wasn't a line outside. When I was waiting for a table outside, they had 3 empty tables but the waitress was just too lazy to clean them and stood there.. But as for the food, I've got to say it beats any Asian noodles around here!http://sincerelykn.blogspot.com/2014/01/kenzo-ramen.html
2	Service is bleh, not very attentive or super friendly. Nothing crazy, but I guess it is the only ramen house in KW. The squid balls aren't as good as you'd think. And the bowls of ramen are extremely salty! I guess it's so you can order over priced drinks.. In my opinion the cheaper bowls new fill me up, so try the larger king bowls.But skip the line, and go at odd times. It's one of those places that you go to in the moment, and then regret it once you find out how dehydrated you actually are from it. -heres a tip, go to the pie store afterwards and buy yourself some water.
3	Only ramen place in the University of Waterloo. their ramen is a bit expensive but their takoyaki was definitely overpriced. I had the shoyu ramen and I enjoyed the taste. I liked their takoyaki but I personally dont think it was worth the price.I didnt like going in the winter time because some tables were right beside the door and a lot of cold air would go through.
2	Ramen is so salty and filled with MSG. Makes me want to drink a whole glass of water after eating here. It is expensive too
3	This place was pretty good for the money I payed for it. The only thing is that I found hair in my food...which really turned me off. I couldn't finish the rest of my food.
1	I was quite excited going to this restaurant for the first time. Absolutely the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant.Upon entering we were instructed to go back outside and wait outside in the cold for a table to clear up. There is plenty of room inside the restaurant to wait. The way they have organized their tables clearly takes up unnecessary room and makes it difficult for the waiters and waitresses to get their jobs done. The store is not ideal for groups since seating is so awkward.After waiting for around 10 minutes for a table in the cold we were disappointed once again by the menu and then by the food itself. The menu is fairly limited has some specials and the traditional ramens. I ordered one of their special ramens and when it came to the table I was SOO disappointed because it looked nothing like the photo on the menu. The taste is also mediocre at best, very salty, full of msg. No unique flavour at all. Compared to even a chain ramen store like ajisen it would pale in comparison. When asking for the bill it was hard getting the attention of the waiters and waitresses and when I did receive the bill they had a very rude attitude. The waitress rolled her eyes and did not give any remarks at having a good day or thank you when receiving her tip.2/10I have since visited again and things are not much different, the food itself is still mediocre at best but now they also have all you can eat toast. Not sure how that really relates to ramen.
