5	Yes, this store is absolutely beautiful.  The handbags department is huge!  Ask for my friend Amanda, shell help you out.  Next time i win big at the tables, im gonna shop!This store beats the hell out of Suks & Needless markup thats off the strip!
5	I love Barneys.  The service and decor are excellent!  It's modern, clean and the layout is conducive to a huge shopping spree.  Unfortunately I can't afford anything in the store, so I just steal...Steal IDEAS that is! (No need to call the Barney five o).Since Barneys usually carries new designers and is the cutting edge of new fashion, I often try to get ideas there.  What is the new look for this season?  Well I am wondering that myself since I'm fashion challenged.  Honestly,  I need all the help I can get.  Well Barneys has the best selection of designer jeans and shoes... Christian Louboutin is the hottest thing, but really, who can pay $700 for a pair of shoes?
5	Wow !  That's the first thing I said to my partner when sauntering inside this museum-like department store.   The selection is great and the store is so clean plus the SA are nice and friendly !
4	I was excited ever since I moved to Vegas in 2006 to hear a Barney's Opening!!! It's finally here! The store is amazing! I went to help my client/friend power shop for a bag and the sales lady was slow, but nice. She was about to sell us the display model until we asked her to check. We checked out the the Mens Floor and were greeted and 1 gentlemen was helping me find a pair of jeans but no luck but great service!
5	There are only two Balenciaga retailers in the Las Vegas area. One is Neiman Marcus and the other is the new Barney's at the Palazzo. I was so jazzed to find this store in our hotel....walking a few hundred yards to drool over Bbags instead of having to go to the fashion mall? So all over it.We got to Vegas at noon, had lunch...and by 2pm I already had a bag on hold for me at Barneys.I wussed out though, it was just a little too much $$ for me to make the split decision to take it home with me without further thought. However, I did find an awesome pink patent Marc Jacobs tote that was quite affordable...averitable bargain for Barneys.The service was awesome...the salesgal who helped me was amazing, she went in the back 3-4 times to look for various Bbag colors or styles, and when I left with the $120 bag instead of the $1200 bag, she was still chipper and friendly. Awesome selection of shoes as well, a ton of Louboutins. Wish I could justify $700 for a pair of shoes, but man all you do is walk on dirty-ass streets with them. I'm a bag girl for sure.
5	Fantastically huge new flagship store with lots of space and light to move around in as you indulge your lust for high end fashion.  The service was excellent.   Against my better judgment I broke down and opened a Barney's charge to take advantage of the 10% off offer.  Theory, Marc Jacobs, Prada, Dolce Gabbana.... it's all here for the taking!
3	Love this place... cannot afford most of the stuff but I did ended up with a pair of jeans that was on sale...Sales people were nice if you are buying/ or interested in buying something... but if you are just brownsing.... they are not that helpful.I wanted a purse that they didn't have and just because they didn't have it... they answered me like my purse brand was inferior... oh well I am buying my purse and  it will not be at the barneys :)
4	Pricey of course but an excellent sale dept.   Racks upon racks.  Worth a look!
4	This has got to be one of the better department stores in Las Vegas.  I'm usually a fan of Nordstrom because of their customer service but Barney's at the Palazzo takes the cake with this one!  The sales associates are very knowledgeable about the products, and extremely helpful (maybe it's because I work for the hotel?), and no sign of snootiness (I usually expect that when I walk into a high end retailer).  I went in just looking to purchase a few ties, but ended up walking out with a Theory sweater, Burberry polo, a few pairs of slacks, and a Marc Jacobs tie.  Great sale events as well!  When in Vegas, be sure to visit this amazing flagship store!
5	Is it possible to be in love with inanimate objects? Or maybe, hundreds at a time? They had a great selection of sale items and Christian Louboutins for $265! Need I say more? The mark downs were tremendous and there was hardly a crowd. This Barney's really makes the Pallazo worthwhile and completes the Vegas shopping experience.
3	Amazing looking store, I loved everything in it.If possible I would ahve bought the entire co-op section.and the shoes and the handbags and the jewlery and.....I came here looking for a Balenciaga handbag.  The sales woman was not helpful at all.  I asked her if they hada certain style in black and without checking she said no.  A minutes later I found the purse on another rack.  She paid zero attention to me.  It's not like I walked into the store wearing sweats or something! Too bad for her, I didn't buy the bag.  I'll wait to buy it at South Coast Plaza.5 stars for the store.1 for the sales associates!btw! the stairs are really steep.
5	okay - love this place, especially the malle perfume display and the vendor - so much fun!  I forgot how shopping with a friend and talking to strangers can be so engaging.  I am going to regularly come back here - great purse selection - if only they'd carry better women's clothing - classic clothes for women instead of the standard t-shirts and jeans thing...maybe start with apc and then go to Mayle - maybe some smaller designers....?
4	located in the palazzo...everytime i've been to this barneys location, i've always had good service.  last time, i came in looking for a pair of long black boots...i found a beautiful pair by roberto del carlo...but it wasn't my size...the sales person immediately checked their back stock and even tried to locate it from a different barney's...no luck, but i did walk out with the same boot in a chocolate brown...and even got 50% off...that's a $300 discount!!  what a deal...did have to throw out the box though...it wouldn't fit into my suitcase...i hate that ...luckily it came with a dust bag =)
5	Best part about this store?  Totally freaking empty.  Scored a sweet wallet for half price, a shirt from apc, also half price AND it kept my wife occupied for two plus hours while my buddy and I hit the sports book at the Mirage.Sales staff here is SUPERIOR- had multiple helpful, relaxed encounters with sales people who all had the same attitude "take your time, let me know if you have any questions, buy when you feel like it."What retail should be inside or outside of Las Vegas.
5	Fashionistas rejoice! A beautiful, multifloor store awaits those seeking unique, often small clothing manufacturers. This location of Barney's is oddly always empty, which lends itself to almost always having ones size in stock, unlike the Manhattan locations. The staff is quite helpful and friendly and an easy floor layout allows one to view jewelry on the first floor, Chelsea Passage home goods on the Mezzanine, and Men's on the top floor with women's wear on all the floors in between.
5	I always want to make a stop here when I come to LV...their selection during sales is actually pretty good!This store is gorgeous and they have different levels. Very beautifully laid out.
5	This was a great Barneys.  Not as big as L.A. but waaay better than San Francisco.  The service was much nicer as well.  The store was pretty quiet so I had a lot of attention.  GREAT shoe selection!
3	I had this strange feeling that I would find the winter coat I've spent the last two months shopping for, at Barney's.  I walk in and take the escalator 3 flights up and work my way across the room.  I go through the Prada, Canali, Cavalli, D&G, blah blah blah and still nothing looks good to me.Then another shopper taps me on my shoulder and asks if I could try some jackets on for her.  Normally I wouldn't grant this type of favor on a stranger, but she was quite the stunner, so I relented on my rigid rule on this particular instance.  I asked if she were shopping for her boyfriend/husband and she replied that it was a birthday gift for her brother.Nice.So we chat while I'm trying outfits on for her.  Eventually she goes with a Varvatos ensemble that's not too shabby.  Of course, I ask her out for a drink, she declines but gives me her number.  I call her later that evening and she tells me to meet her at Prive.I go, had a blast, made a friend.  PS - no luck finding a jacket haha.Thanks Barney's...
5	These guys have the BEST shoe selection (rivals that of Saks in NYC) and the service is FANTASTIC!  Also, the sales/markdowns are INSANE!!!
4	The Las Vegas Barneys is cute.  It's small but has a lot going for it.  The sales reps are helpful (unlike the NYC reps).  The selection for men is limited but it carries the essentials.  Overall, one of the best places to shop for men in Vegas.
5	I won a gift card for this shop through Allure magazine and so I shopped for jeans here.  I bought Seven for all Mankind jeans and paid for the tax which was only $7.00 since my gift card was $100.   I was immediately greeted as soon as I walked in unlike other shops I've been to.  Amanda was fantastic; she offered great customer service.  I didn't expect for the employees to be this helpful.  I just wish I had more money to shop here.
5	I just wanted to take a quick minute to say that I love Barney's. I had the chance to visit the Barney's at the Palazzo in Las Vegas and was overwhelmed with its variety. I had the pleasure of holding the most opulent khaki canvas with leather trim tote ($445) by Dries Van Noten. I was devastated I couldn't leave with it in my arms. In any case, I didn't leave Barney's empty-handed. I was able to purchase Comme des Garcons' new scent Wonderwood. So excited to wear it out.
1	Premium products, not-so-premium service.My girlfriend and I were shopping at Barneys Las Vegas at 2pm on a Friday afternoon and she found a pair of Christian Louboutins she wanted to wear for Saturday night. The LV store did not have her size, but the SF store did. However, we were told that Barneys cannot overnight Fedex merchandise for Saturday deliveries.Over at Saks we told the saleswoman what happened at Barney's and she said that Saks no doubt would be able to Saturday Fedex. Granted she's a competitor, but a Saturday delivery does sound reasonable.We called our guy back at Barneys LV. Apparently, he could have Saturday Fedexed them to us if it had been before 4pm. That is their cutoff time for Fedex pickups. At the time we were first in the store, it was 2pm, well before the 4pm cutoff and he hadn't given us the option. At this point, it was 6pm, so Saturday delivery definitely couldn't happen. The guy said "I'm sorry, but you're not going to be able to have your shoes for Saturday night."Maybe it was just having a salesperson tell me that that made me determined to figure out a way. I called the Barneys SF...yes, they had the shoes. No, they could not Fedex them to us because it was past 4pm and their pickup was already gone. Now, I do know that the Fedex cutoff for next day delivery is 8pm. At this point, it was 6pm-- plenty of time for a salesperson to drop the shoes off at Fedex on their way home from work. But no, apparently they can't think outside the box like that. Very disappointing that a store commanding such premium prices (we are talking about an $800 pair of shoes) in this economy can't get a little creative for a customer.We ended up calling our friend, who had a SF-Vegas flight out the next morning. She went down to the store right when they opened, purchased the shoes, and we had them in our hot little hands in time for a Saturday night out in Vegas. Sad that we could make it happen, but Barneys New York could not make it happen.
5	I LOVED this Barney's. I bought an amazing pair of Helmut Lang leggings on sale for $100. The sale in their Co-Op section was extensive. The employees were extremely friendly and helpful... Far more than what I'm used to. I wish I could transplant this exact store to LA!
4	Barney's is totally a great place to shop if you have extra money to spend. Barney's carries a variety of clothing, brands ranging from levi's&kid robot to YSL&Christian Louboutin. It's a shoppers paradise.  Located at the Palazzo on the Las Vegas strip it truly is a great place to stop by and check out. Also if you plan on shopping here, they also have they're own valet so you don't have to walk far. Look for Emmanuel he'll take good care of your car for you while you shop.  Overall a great place to shop while visiting Las Vegas.
5	After working in the fashion industry in new york city for many years I can appreciate designer fashion among the best. Barneys NY is one of my favorite stores. (I actually call it my modern day fashion museum.) I could spend all day in there just playing in the clothes.The co-op section is home to some of my favorite designers including Helmut Lang, Rag and Bone, and  3.1 Phillip Lim having the best selections in las vegas. You can discover some of the great Alexander McQueen (long live McQueen) pieces of his last collection right now before he committed suicide this past February. (He was a fashion genius of our time. I suggest going to take a peek.)It also houses some of my favorite designers in the couture section. One of them being Rick Owens. Although the selections here are small and not quite as large as the New York store it is not hard for me to spend all day in here. (just ask my boyfriend who has to put up with it.)Have fun in the shoe selection where you can find Ann Demeulemeester boots. My favorite boot designer! Look for Robert. He is always friendly and willing to help and answer any questions you need and can order your size for you from another store. He is my go to person.If you're a male I'm advising you to go up to the third floor and spend an hour or two there in the Men's co-op and taking a peak at the John Varvato's for men selection they have. (I'm sure you will find some amazing new threads to make those ladies swoon.)Have fun in my fashion wonderland here in Las Vegas and I hope you find a thing or two. :)
5	Better service, more sales and wider selection than the one in SF.
5	Super nice selection and sale season is brutal, well at least for me. I plan my vegas trip when barneys shoes go on sale so I can find my size because one too many times have I had to cram my feet into smaller sized shoes and yet I do wear them, I'd much rather be on time for the perfect shoe. One of the top reasons I stay at the venetian/palazzo.
5	Pricey.Break the bank fantastic.Fancy.I came in with a $250 gift card, paid the difference and left with a fab Marc Jacobs bag. Love. It.
4	Barneys at the Palazzo. Oh how I love you so. Conveniently near the Venetian and Bellagio where I frequently stay, this place is deadly. Open till 12am, right on the strip, this place begs me to spend my casino winnings there. Barneys here is a smaller location, with one floor dedicated to mens, and the rest for womens. Very helpful staff, but their selection is a bit limited. You won't find everything you'd see at a flagship store, but hey, you're in Vegas, and you really want, there's a boutique shop for every brand possible on the strip.Last time I was there, I came right in the middle of a huge sale, so everything was on sale. You'll find brands like Rag & Bone, Philip Lim, The Row, etc. If you like buying clothing, then Barneys on your hit list.
5	RRL, LVC, Thom Browne...thank you BarneysThis and Chrome Hearts was probably the only stores I would spend my own money on in VegasDid I mention the great customer service?It's a high end store, what do people not understand about the price? haha
5	Pretty straight forward place. Although we didn't stop here this time around, we commonly stop in for my girlfriend. She loves the Bobbi Brown make up counter here. Service is great.
5	By far my favorite Barneys store among those I've been to. This particular location is huge with lots of space to walk about. Thanks to their recent Spring sale I'm embarrassed to reveal the number of times I came in here during my 5-day trip to Vegas. The sales associates are helpful without being in your face too much. They were there to help but at the same time gave me space to look around.Based on size, Barneys is probably the retail store that stands out the most at the Shoppes at the Palazzo.After multiple trips to Barney, my purse came out thinner but I came out happier! That's what's important right?!
1	never again will i ever purchase from this barney's.  i would rather order online or call another location to place a purchase.  the sales associates have no class or sense of customer service.  i originally purchased a pair of shoes that i discovered were a size to big.  so i called my sales person to try to locate another size.  he said he would try to locate a pair a size smaller and he would call me back.  me being impatient and the shoes being limited i decided to go searching myself.  i called beverly hills and they immediately located a pair in new york and shipped it the following day.  2 days later my sales person decides to call me back and lets me know he is still working on it and to let me know he has not forgotten me.  i don't understand the incompetence!!! it was understood he forgotten me....  not informing him i found the shoes myself i decided to already return the bigger size i purchased from him.  when i arrived he was not in so another gentleman helped me who was unbelievably rude.  he was wondering why i was returning the shoes as if he didn't want to help me so i vented my story.  he then says it's not right that i purchased it through beverly hills because now my original salesperson loses the commission.  i was PO!!! how dare he be so unprofessional.  if you want to do some real shopping go to la or ny barneys' not las vegas!! and bottom line Barney's las vegas needs more selections.
4	Love this store but didn't really find anything I really wanted to plunk down a huge chunk of change on... Sales staff were much more pleasant to talk to than the assholes at Neiman Marcus.
5	I can't afford the clothes but it doesn't stop me from appreciating them, they are gorgeous.  The staff wasn't snooty, they were chatty and sociable, knowing I wasn't going t buy anything.  Robin, in the fragrance department, was very helpful and kind.  I liked the Frederic Malle perfume but it didn't last long me.  I appreciate that I got a sample so I knew that before spending the money on it.  It's a beautiful store with very nice staff.  Totally not what I was expecting.  I thought I was going to feel very out of place and silly, that wasn't my experience at all.
5	I have been coming to this Barney's since it has opened in the Palazzo and drooled lovingly over their shoe department.  However, I recently had the opportunity to buy some amazing Guiseppe Zanotti shoes (on sale, mind you).  Unfortunately they didn't have my size in stock, but were able to find them quickly and had them shipped from the Scottsdale flagship store.  The employees at this store are very knowledgeable about their brands, but they are extremely nice and chatty - no matter whether or not you are handing over your hard earned cash.  Love ya, Barney's!
1	I went to this Barney's on 1-11-12 to check out their merchandise and how they compared in price/quality to Bernini's. In particular, I was shopping for Men;s suits.I went up to the Men's suit area, and started to browse. There were several salespeople that could not have missed me, yet they continued with their personal chats and ignored me. I suspect since I was wearing jeans, I must not have looked like a customer that was worth speaking with. I was there plenty long enough for the salespeople to have a change of heart, but they continued to ignore me. Hmmm, maybe if I were in my Bernini suit...I went in hoping to be impressed and to posssibly buy a suit, but left with resovle never to go back again. If they are closing, it isn't hard to see why.
4	Beautiful gem of a shop. Enjoyed leisurely browsing here on a Thursday evening - staff was gracious, helpful without being smothering. Found a clever black DVF dress, fantastic find. Will definitely return on future trips.
5	I love this place!  I went to Barney's in Las Vegas on my trip last week on the hunt for a men's fragrance.  They have a great selection of scents that range from the reasonably priced designer brands like Hermes and Gendarme, to some super-pricey niche brands like Frederic Malle and Odori.  The rep (Joe) on the men's counter upstairs was congenial, knowledgeable and very accommodating with just about any request you could imagine (except giving me the scent for free of course).  After going to many of the boutiques on my fragrance hunt in Vegas and dealing with many knowledgeable folks (and some not so much), I ended up buying from Barney's due to the overall sales experience.  I spent way too much on the fragrance, but I got a good one and was happy to give the sale to a rep that earned it.  I highly recommend both Barney's and Joe.
5	Always a decent selection of cool, casual clothes, although I wish they had bigger shoe selection like in BH but the sales associates seem friendlier and its not as crowded. They hunted down a hard to get bottle of Comme De Garcons x Monocle Hinoki, which I have had the hardest time finding...went the extra mile in finding a loose bottle in the stock room!  thanks!
4	My very first ever Barneys experience was here in Las Vegas. I didn't really know what to expect since I had only shopped online up until this point and didn't get a chance to go to the one in New York on Fifth while I was there so I walked in ... and was dazzled!Everything was so well laid out, warm, inviting, gorgeous, and luxurious. Yes it made me feel like I probably shouldn't touch anything, move anything or even breath too much in there, but it was still gorgeous.I heard the store has great sales, unfortunately was not there during sale season, but they did have an amazing selection of classic Louboutins, dare I say that even rival the Louboutin boutiques in Vegas! You have to stop by, if only to appreciate the store and be dazzled by the displays!
5	Such great customer service in person and over the phone. Amanda in handbags was such a great help. I love coming into this store.
1	I walked in to Barneys last Saturday with the Chanticalle counter in mind. I have purchased all my Chantacalle products through Barneys as this cosmetic line is rather upscale.  I tried on product as i waited for the sales associate to finish with a customer. I wanted to purchase the Vital Essence Serum which is a fabulous face serum smelling of roses and to ask the price of the Stress Repair Concentrate. I was dressed down, (110 degrees in Vegas) and not a soul would come to me at the counter. After 5 minutes of looking over at the black booted associate and her buddy chat, i simply walked away, mentioned to one of the men working a tie counter and said--"those women just lost a commision for ignoring me." His jaw dropped, (long-haired Asian man, extremely nice) and said, "Please let me walk you over there" to which i replied, "No, I am not going to make such an easy sale for them."I happily went to Sephora and spent my money there. Discrimination anyone? I say yes.  So, I shredded my Barneys card when I got home.
4	I've been to a few Barneys stores, and this Las Vegas location is the best.  One salesperson in particular was really helpful, polite and enjoyable to talk with since he was a former Chicagoan: German (pronounced Herman).  He didn't work in the Men's department, but he helped me make a clothing decision and seemed so personable without being pushy.  The store design and layout are typical Barneys: eclectic and sophisticated without overwhelming the clothes and goods.
5	All. Time. Favorite. Store.  If I had a million dollars, I'd blow it all on a cocaine binge (kidding!) and this place (not kidding!). They have a great selection of cutting edge designers like Alexander Wang, Proenza Schouler, and 3.1 Phillip Lim--all under one roof! It's fabulous! I challenge you to find a Proenza Schoulder PS1 bag (or a selection this large) anywhere else in Vegas.Moreover, Barneys is the only place in Las Vegas where you'll find the eco-friendly Monique Pean jewelry line.  It's expensive, but it's fossilized wooly mammoth, recycled gold, and conflict-free diamonds.  I'm not going to sermonize you, but I know staying away from blood diamonds is important to some.Overall, I think my favorite thing about Barneys is that they don't skew ostentatious.  They're more about edgy fashion than in-your-face displaying of brand labels (I get it, you blew a lot of money on that Louis Vuitton).  I'm really happy this store is in Vegas .....although I can't afford 90% of it.
5	I'll start this by stating that I DO NOT fit the typical Barney's demographic. Not visually, anyway. That said, I do fit a small niche of fragrance enthusiasts. To me, fragrances are like wine. A sensory experience. I wear them for me. Most all of the perfume sales people at Barney's are also enthusiasts. If they don't approach me immediately because of my "just passing through the store to my car" look. I'm talking VERY casual and not in a hip kind of way. I think they actually come to me pretty quickly, all things considered, lol. But once we start talking, they see I mean business. Sadly, my Barney's is closing (Dallas) and I planned to by a 290.00 bottle of Serge Lutens during their awesome cosmetic bag event. Dallas is not participating in the bag event due to the closure date.Enter Las Vegas. The Venetian is my customer and I find myself in Vegas more than I would prefer. I've been in the Las Vegas store a few times and have bought some nice exclusives there. I decided to call Vegas to see if they could secure the relatively rare product I wanted and talked to Raul. He told me that they did not carry it, but Madison Ave (NYC) did and he would take care of everything to make sure I got what I wanted, and during the big event. Now, many of you would think "well, he wants the commission, right?". Well, of course he does, but it's not as much as all that and he spent a lot of time getting this, following up, calling me back a few times, etc...Great customer service, Raul!So, he will get my business by phone moving forward and in person when I am in Vegas.This is a great store, with great customer service.I think they try to balance the desire of many people to NOT be pestered with the polar opposite... People who get offended of they are NOT approached! Oy!Don't get butt hurt if someone doesn't fall all over you. Make eye contact and they will come.Why buy a luxury product for the same price at a non-luxury store?Go to the best and they will work for your loyalty!
3	I do not get to much of a chance to shop here, Since I live in Las Vegas, like most locals, I try to avoid the Strip like the plague. I like the selection. The store is clean and very shop-able. I come here to Barneys, because it carries one of my favorite colognes, Gendarme'.  If you are in Vegas, you need to stop in.
5	This year I have been traveling a LOT because of my job (flying in and out of state usually twice a week) and this going back in force have made pleasing my loved ones my #1 priority when im home, specially on their birthdays,  I have to get it right, perfect, over the top even if I can.You can imagine how much the pressure was on for Chris' s bday...So I went to the Barney's Union Square in San francisco between my extremely busy schedules to find him "that" perfect gift. I baught what I taught were absolutely amazing limited edition Prada sneakers,  had them wrapped and baught them back with me to Las Vegas (among a dozen of more average gifts)At this point, I was a happy girl with a great and proud feeling of accomplishment. Little did I know was that he was going to absolutely HATE THEM, he tried to be nice about it but he just had that look on his face that doesnt lie...I was heartbroken,  devastated, he kept on huging me and telling me that everything was fine but to me IT WAS NOT FINE, I FAILED, I really wanted to get it right and I didnt...After done crying (I Was also very very tired) we decided to go together at the Barney's Palazzo Las Vegas to try to exange those Pradas sneakers for something that he would actually like and wear. Cause what is the point of buying that kind of gift in the first place if its gonna stay in the closet and never see the light of day (or in our case, the lights of clubs)I didnt had much hopes of exanging that particular item, cause the price, because I baught it in a different state and because Barney's Las Vegas didnt had this particular item, not even carry Prada shoes for men!!!But our sale rep was extremely helpful and was able to somehow return the Prada's wihout any issue,  questions... easy like a breeze, at this point, i sat on the couch to finally lay back, relieved :) and let our sales rep take very good care of Chris. And Chris actually had an amazing, positive, exciting,  relaxing retail experience. This really made me happy :)He chose 2 amazing pair of extra limited and high end edition Jordans (gosh I was so off when I picked those Prada) for the retail value of the shoe we returned. Yaaayyy, mission accomplished!!! My baby love is happy!!!Thank you so much Barney's for your outstanding customer service and your highly knowledgeable staff!Also the beauty department downstairs is very nice and carry very hard to get perfume that I taught I could only buy in France.They  carry great cosmetic brands such as Khiels, cle de peau, chantecaille and of course Chanel and many more great, not your everyday, brands. The manager for this department is extremely helpfull,  sweet and full of good advices :) I can't wait to come back when im in town.Very nice layout and display of unique gift for friends, family, or myself!
1	My sis and I went here looking to get earring stoppers for our earrings... that were purchased in Barney's NY in SF... the kind folks of SF said that we could go to any Barney's and get some... since they ran out...So since we were in Vegas... we decided to stop by. I guess my sis and I are just so used to the friendly folks of SF Barney's that walking in here was night and day. The old cougar that decided to help us was such a B that she didn't even want to help us. She wanted to help this guy that was looking to buy something for his GF... obviously making a sale instead of helping us.My sis's BFF decided to look for a purse and fortunately... had a male customer service help her and we told him our issue and he took it upon himself to go the extra mile to look. I unfortunately forgot to take his name but he was the token friendly guy from this store. Lesson learned: only shop at Barney's SF ... where the sales folks knows us by name!
4	The salesman here helped me find my first pair of raw denim jeans. He was very helpful. A few weeks later, the salesman emailed me to ask me if I liked the jeans and if there was anything he could do for me. This place is expensive, but they treat you like a king.
5	It just doesn't get any better than this.I entered the store through the cosmetics department, since i'm used to all of the men's skincare being on the same floor as the women's. It seems San Francisco is the only store that does that, as the men's skincare is on the... get this... men's floor. No matter, the friendly associates in the cosmetics section took me upstairs via elevator and led me to Joe, who took excellent care of me. He gave the the lay of the land for the entire store, was excellent for recommendations, and got me everything I needed during my trip. The staff as a whole at this locations is SO pleasant, a complete 180 from the staff at the SF Barneys. I can't wait to come back.
4	Vegas is the heaven for exquisite shopaholics like myself. There are more high-end shops within a short 3 mile LV STRIP radius than anywhere else in the country. But if you are like me who always look to stand out from the crowd and deeply care about the quality of the cloth one wear, and most importantly you would like to have many trendy brands to pick from at once, just go shop at BARNEY'S. I do all the time.My only complain is that the Vegas's BARNEY'S is not quite as large as the ones in LA, SF and NYC.  Otherwise, I would give it 5 stars .........
5	Hello,I would like to say your staff at Barney's in Las Vegas are incredible. I just spoke with Phillip Williams in the Cash office and I have never been treated so nicely in my life. He helped me with a query that was very out of the ordinary and was so helpful and understanding. I came online straight away after speaking to him to write this. Keep employing staff like him! Thank you,
