5	Came for the mock opening, the service was great! The remodel from the prior restaurant is awesome! Food was FAB started with fried goat cheese, I had beet salad my boyfriend has the watermelon salad, entrees were a roasted Chicken over mashed potatoes (so tender and juicy) and a top sirloin with fries(med rare and cooked to perfection) last I had was a warm chocolate cake with ice cream! All in all it was great! Can't wait for the opening I will for sure be there!
4	Nice menu options with great presentation. Did not like Flatbread, it was like having a thick crust pizza and was sliced too large. Waiter was great and accommodated special request. Cappuccino machine wasn't working so waiter brought complimentary coffee instead. Once kinks are worked out,  this restaurant might actually be the one the lasts in this location.
4	Thought we would try this new place, what a great surprise, we have been here before when it was another restaurant, this was a wonderful change, the young lady at the door greeted us with a big smile and explained about the new concept, the food was very good, we shared a carpaccio and the Foie gras, my girlfriend had a Chilean Sea Bass and I had a Tomahawk cut rib-eye (Rare) awesome! highly recommend it, our server Sergio was very charming and funny, he offered us a free bottle of wine with our dinner, great touch. After dinner we went to the bar for some cocktails and listen to some music, the singer had a very cool and smooth voice. It was a great change from that other place... We will come back soon. Thanks guys!!!
5	Great place to go hang with your friends. We went tonight to watch the UFC fight and found the staff to be friendly, knowledgable, and great with service. We ordered off the lounge menu and got a burger, French dip sandwich, and flat bread pizza. All were beautifully prepared. When they came out, the presentation was beautiful and the taste was even better. The bartender was experimenting with drinks and kept bringing us some of his latest creations. Each drink was better than the previous and not something you can find at every corner bar.
2	You got me here now keep me!Last week as I was pulling out of the parking lot from our plaza I noticed the signs that a new restaurant opened. I was super excited because BJ's is ok but just ok. Today I walked over to check it out. When I arrived the sign on the door said "dinner hours 5-??" and the door I tried to open was locked. Fortunately an employee was walking around and informed me that they were open. One of the two doors was unlocked. Maybe this is why I was the only person in there at noon on Friday. I walked in, said high to the host and sat myself at the bar. The decor was nice. Felt like a higher end establishment that you would find on the strip.They only had 4 beers on draft, 3 I had never heard of and PBR. I ordered one and was surprised that it came in a glass half the size of what I normally get when I order a draft beer. With the head I got maybe 8 ounces of beer. $4. Pints next door at lunch time are $3. The pricing was a little surprising for not being on the strip. $10 for a burger on Eastern at lunch time is a little steep. There were no lunch specials or happy hour specials posted. I ordered the BBQ Pork sliders and they were delicious. Only problem was they were about 70% of the size you would expect when you order a slider and there were only two.Seems like in this business customer acquisition would be everything. When someone comes in give them a reason to come back. I don't feel like they gave me a reason to come back. The price was high and the portions were small. My total was $14 including tip, I got half a beer and half a meal. Really good beer and a really good meal but there is tons of really good food in Vegas.
5	Came here for the first time the other day, AWESOME! The hostess was strangely tall, but very gorgeous & sweet. She gave us great recommendations.  The blonde bartender was also very fast, attentive & funny.  We had the Watermelon salad to start with.  The salad was well put together,the presentation was nice.  It had a basalmic salad with mint leaves. raspberries, mangoes and feta cheese laying on a bed of watermelon. Very savory & delicious!  Secondly, we had the beef carpaccio and that was so good. For our entrees my boyfriend had the parpadelle bolognese and I had the beef tomahawk(med rare) and they were both very flavorful and perfect.  We had a complimentary dessert that they were experimenting with( which I would never normally order at a restaurant), and it happened to be rice pudding..... let's  just say that the next time I go,  I WANT IT! Overall, it was a great vibe, friendly staff & delicious food. Definitely will be back
1	Guess what...CLOSED! This property must be cursed! This is the 4th restaurant to bite the dust here and probably the fastest.
