5	The El Cortez remodeled the bar outside of Flame steak house and its awesome. Lounge seating, full bar with great cocktails and video poker.Staff is very friendly and take bar tending seriously. (They didn't hire hot girls who can't make drinks). 2for1 martinis during happy hour 5-7!Great value and style. Enjoy!
4	I popped in here a little after midnight on a Saturday night... er, Sunday morning to celebrate my brother-in-law's birthday with some drinks. The one-man-band that was playing was great, took a lot of our crazy drunken requests... Even played Free Bird for me! Which wasn't even a serious request, more of a drunken random outburst, but it was pretty cool that he went with it. The waitress was super sweet, she took pictures of us with my phone and put up with our obnoxiousness. I have no clue how much drinks were but they were plenty strong! Not a bad place to end up when you are partying downtown!!
4	Whoa! When did this place pop up? Parlour is a little diamond in the rough of the El Cortez... it has a great kind of speakeasy feel to it.  If they just pumped in a little jazz, I'd be in heaven.  Was here only briefly for a Tweetup event, but I was totally digging the vibe AND the delicious Aviation cocktail I had (for only $9).  Great classic cocktail menu (daquiri, French 75, blood and sand, old fashioned) at very reasonable prices.  AND the menu tells the provenance of the drinks! Delicious booze AND a history lesson! I feel smarter and dumber at the same time!I was at the bar, but I saw servers shaking/pouring drinks right at the tables.  How classy is that?The atmosphere is dark and cozy; you could totes get romantical in there... but you could also have a good time with a group of friends.   I just hope you don't like (good) beer, b/c there's none of that... just the regular icky domestics.  But why go to a place like this, if not for fancy cocktails or just straight up liquor?
5	I read an article about The Parlour somewhere (LV Weekly? seven magazine? The R-J?) which basically said the place was great: true old-school Vegas (because it's old) with bartenders hired for their knowledge of classic cocktails rather than their large breasts. Well, that made it sound pretty awesome, so I added it to my bookmark list, and, amazingly enough, made it over there within a month!I'm here to report that it's true. The Parlour is awesome.The drinks were excellent and CHEAP ($9 for 2 martinis during happy hour, which runs from 4-7 every day, I think). The atmosphere is great - it has all the cool old-ness of the El Cortez without the actual old-ness. On top of that, we went on a Wednesday and there was a sweet guitar guy playing and singing. Plus one star for taking requests for both Bob Seger and the Gin Blossoms.FYI, the place is not large. I bet it has seating for ~25 on couches and armchairs around cocktail tables and maybe 10 more at the bar.
4	I just love this recently (2011) renovated and renamed bar in the El Cortez.  The bartenders are nattily attired and serve excellent drinks.  There is a daily happy hour with 2/1 martinis ($9 for 2) from 5-7PM.  On our visit I ordered a raspberry martini (Sky infusion raspberry vodka laced with Baily's Irish Cream - 4.5 Sips out of 5) while my wife chose a lemon drop (3 Sips).   On the second round, it is a personal requirement, my wife ordered the raspberry while I achieved martini nirvana by ordering The Bullet (Tangueray Ten Gin, Sambucca Romana and lemon juice - 5 Sips and no sharing).  Looking forward to a return visit this spring.
4	I dig this place. Quality drinks for a low price.Parlour is one if the more recent renovations made in the El Cortez. It has a bit of an old school vibe to it all the way from the decor, to the bartender. Despite the rather cheap drink prices, they do not skimp on quality. I ordered a gin and tonic ($4) and my buddy ordered a specialty cocktail ($9). Drinks got a thumbs up from me. There are way too many bars around the downtown area that give me a drink that tastes watered down.Towards the later hours there's usually some live music playing. There was some guy on piano doing covers of all sorts of mellow pop songs. Props for throwing some Regina Spektor in the mix.All in all, I'm impressed with this place. This has become my new area to kick back when I'm waiting for a seat at Le Thai.
4	I came here after the Yelp Party on Fremont as part of the pub crawl promo.  The place wasn't too crowded as the El Cortez was a bit farther of a walk than the other pub crawl locations.  The El Cortez is well...not really a new casino...but you wouldn't know it when you walk into Parlour Bar because the place just oozes classy and relaxed.  There were long booths and plenty of comfy leather chairs for our group to sit. There's a piano guy in there until 10pm and then later on, they had a DJ handle the musical chores.  The waitress was also very cool and we did give her a tip for hustling and checking in with us all night.  If I'm ever back on Fremont, the Parlour will be one of my first choices to grab a pre-dinner or post-dinner drink.
4	There are three bars located within El Cortez.  Skip the other two.  The Parlour was a helluva good time, and, frankly a sight for sore eyes as I'd been enduring absolutely awful drinks elsewhere all evening.  We were pleasantly surprised to see a full menu of classic cocktails, at reasonable prices, in a swanky, classy setting complete with a lounge singer at the piano.  I'm no Vegas expert, but this place matched up to the mental image I'd created prior to visiting.  Service was excellent.  We had a large group, plus a larger birthday party near us, and the Pendleton Whiskey gals showed up!  Our one server kept those drinks coming, was super sweet, and was a great sport when we got her involved in some photo shenanigans as well.  The old-timey feel and comfy cozy seats sealed the deal for this lil swank-town bar.  Why no five stars?  The actual drinks themselves, though a definite A for effort, and I'm not complaining, weren't very good.  Better than most drinks I had that night, but some major misses for a place trying to showcase classic cocktails (Manhattans, Juleps, martinis, etc.).  I know it's relatively new, maybe they're still working out some kinks.
4	What can make Downtown a little better?  How 'bout a classy little lounge in an old school casino that makes a mean mojito and plays "Viva Las Vegas" on TV?Yep, some of my favorite things are here- mojitos, Ann Margret, a chill atmosphere, and non-outrageous prices.  Seven bucks for one of the best mojitos I've had in a while.  I can live with that.The bartender was a bit short but at least he made up for it with his mojito-making skills.Have I said the word "mojito" enough in this review?  Here's one more: mojito.Their specialty menu is all classic cocktails- I have a feeling they are all made well.  A nice atmosphere for a date and you'll spend half the money you would on the Strip.
2	I was staying at the El Cortez Cabana Suites over the weekend and popped in here Saturday night for a nightcap. The reviews are great, but sadly, this wasn't my experience.We arrived at midnight and were able to settle into some comfy chairs. What I really like about this bar is that it's mellow and you can actually have a conversation here. Prices were average--not expensive, but not inexpensive. It was $23.50 for three cocktails. We missed the happy hour.We had an awful cocktail waitress. It was clear she didn't know much about mixed drinks. I ordered a stoli, soda and lime, and she brought me a pepsi drink. She was fine with the named cocktails from their menu, but not a custom (though not atypical) order. She did have the bartender remake the drink, however. She also interrupted us to settle our tab, even though the bar wasn't closed. It was just an awkward experience all around.
5	I was downtown with visitors and remembered that I had just seen some positive reviews of this place and thought why not!  So glad we did.  It's a very old school lounge vibe as mentioned in other post.   Upon entering a hostess ask how many in our party so she could seat us.  There were no empty tables so she offered us seats at the bar.  We ordered our first round there.  I had the Mint Julep and the pour was strong.  Definitely worth $8.  Our party of four was content at the bar so what I really appreciated was when an empty table became available she let us know and moved us there.   We were enjoying the drinks and the karaoke so much that we stayed there until closing.  I can't wait to check this place out for happy hour soon.
4	This bar is an oasis of sophistication inside the El Cortez.  We manage to visit once per trip during the daily 5-7PM happy hour when all martinis are on 2 for 1 basis. Ask the bartender for the current menu. My personal favorite was recommend to me by the bartender - "The Bullet" - Tanguray Ten gin, Romana sambuca and lemon juice.
3	Went here after my cousin's wedding and we had a blast with karaoke and old timey cocktails. They had a list of vintage cocktails that were strong at $8 a pop although sometimes we were charged $9 for the same drinks so pay attention to your tab. I can't remember the name of mine but it was window washer blue and tasty and twice the size as the other drinks. The lounge has comfy leather seating (booth style seating and chairs) with small round tables in the middle. When karaoke started they pulled the thick red curtains shut and we were in our own little world. The smoke was unbearable at times so eventually I had to leave but while I was there it was a fun time had by all.
4	What a diamond in the rough.  Stopped by during happy hour with a large party of family and friends.  Service was a little slow but on the upside worth the wait for top shelf stuff.  Cocktails were yummy.  I had the Mai Tai and caramel appletinis.  Strong pour on the Mai Tais and the caramel appletinis went down too smooth.  Comfy place to hangout before hitting the fremont street experience.
5	Drinks were awesome. Bartenders were very charming and nice. Elvis impersonator got the party started! Decore was lovely and old school! Cant wait to drink here again
4	Really cool old-school lounge with an interesting mix of people.  Came here for karaoke on a Saturday night and had a great time!  The chairs are big and comfy.  If it weren't for all the smoke, I'd give it 5 stars, but that's Vegas for you....
4	This is a awesome old school lounge inside the El Cortez. The atmosphere and the drinks are great. I just wish they had a piano player on a regular basis.
5	Both the Elvis/Mr. John Brooks and Mr. Paul Pavone (resident lounge acts) are amazing performers. We have never had a bad time being serenaded by these gentlemen! They engage the crowd, made up largely of aging lady fans and the men that hold their purses... but just wait to see the twinkle in those ladies' eyes and the youthful groove hit their hips.The bartenders are all skilled at their craft, and our favorite cocktail waitress Jenny never forgets our drinks. This place is a gem.
5	Eclectic mix of people. Stunning blend of hipster kids and legit vagabond types in an (unintentionally?) retro decor. I ordered 3 fireball shots, because they had a happy hour special ($6 for a shot of fireball and a beer). Didn't order the beer because I thought it was implied. But the bartender didn't bring beers. A moment later I asked for the beer and he said "too late." But 5 minutes later he poured us the 3 beers and I couldn't have been happier!I will be back Parlour bar! I love you and your karaoke. And your jovial bartender who has truly done right by me and my Bruce Springstein singing friends!
4	A friend and I recently dropped in to check out the menu and the bartender Scott was so attentive and sweet! We are opening up a tour company and were interested in having a mini launch party inside the parlour room, well he went through every single option with us and even caught up with us outside to follow up on something that he forgot to mention. The only reason that it is 4 stars us because we did not have any drinks yet. We will be returning on November for our mini launch party and then I will either add or subtract a star based on beverage quality.The theme and ambiance is wonderful, a throw back to the speak easy prohibition days, fits in with the retro theme that is El Cortez
4	When visiting downtown Las Vegas you cannot skip the historic El Cortez Hotel and Casino. It is an iconic institution, one worth stopping in and helping it remain relevant, and they've added a couple of cool things to help entice you.1.).... free White Castle Cheeseburgers to slots and table customers on Thursdays and holidays! F*ck yeah!How awesome is that!? They wheel these little fatty bitches in a steam cart to all of those numbed asses, sitting, smoking, pulling levers and pushing buttons... me being one of them.Then there is the other, and more consistent reason to visit, The Parlour. This medium sized cocktail lounge nestled in the back of the hotel lobby has only been around a few years but it feels like it has been there since the beginning; and that is what the ownership was going for.A taste of old Vegas in a fresh new space.They have a piano area and on Wednesdays from 8pm - 12pm they have a crooner who sings Frank Sinatra, and on Saturdays from 6pm - 10 pm they have an Elvis Impersonator.Scottie, quite possibly the nicest bartender I have ever met, makes a mean Bloody Mary and even though I normally don't like them, I have to admit it's one of the best I have ever tasted and a great hangover cure.  Our time here whizzed by and I could see myself spending an entire afternoon or early evening here. It is a great place to go after brunch or before dinner. I highly recommend.It is also worth checking out El Cortez' Cabana Suites across the street as a hotel option. If you are looking for just a downtown Las Vegas experience which, believe it or not, with all the new development going on there is an strong argument for that choice, I think it is a great option, one that I am considering for my next trip.
