1	This place was terrible food was blah and service was a joke. We came here for a birthday and were expecting the usual stuff as their buffet now has steak and always has ribs... Well to our surprise at 6:30pm when we showed up there was nothing and they stopped putting out new food by 7pm even though they are open until 10pm. Anyways after everyone was done being unsatisfied we asked to speak to manager as half of the people we were with were not satisfied. So that's when the manager PETER, or at least that's what he called himself, let's us know it's too bad for us and started yelling at his waitress in front of us like it was her fault, which made everyone at our table uncomfortable. Well this is one place I wouldn't recommend coming to if you are looking to actually have a nice family dinner cause if you're looking for something specific that you actually like at this buffet chances are they don't care. Basically we paid 15$ a head for the supper menu when all they had out was stuff they serve at lunch time, terrible! Plus I never write reviews like this but PETER was such an amazing restaurant manager that respects his customers (sarcasm) that I actually signed up for this just to let others know BEWARE oh and thanks once again PETER for making my moms 50th anniversary such a special one
3	I go to buffets maybe once or twice a year and my last experience was at a five star hotel so yeah, I've definitely experienced better. I was hesitating between giving this 2 stars instead of 3 but figured for what this place is worth in terms of selection and price, it's fair.Dinner is 13.99$ and there's a bit of everything. According to their website, Buffet Vichy offers the widest and most eclectic menu in Montreal. They opened up in 1990 and in all these years, you can tell they haven't changed. Vichy's old logo is still very present on each table with neon pink and green coloring. There's really nothing to brag about in decor, it's a big open space, mix of tables and banquettes, dismally dark carpet to mask the messes. Would be ideal for groups/families.Much of their food is overly greasy, fried, overcooked or dry- sadly reinforcing the bad reputation buffets get. If you're looking for a simple meal, cheap and filling, you can still find something satisfactory. I stuck with the salad bar options, love the feta cheese and tzatziki sauce. In terms of main dishes, I ate lot of their salmon, shrimps with rice and roasted potatoes. For dessert, I really liked their creme caramel flan and black cherry ice cream.Don't expect anything fancy and don't come here often, you won't be too disappointed.
