4	This is such a fun experience for old and new bingoers! It's so easy to play with the electronic equipment, you won't miss a number! Basically you have the electronic (a black box against the wall), a stationary (a monitor), and then paper bingo. I think the cheapest u can get in with an electronic is $15 but it's worth it. The drinks are complimentary and if lady luck is on your side then it could be an easy $50 or $500! Some people have even won $10,000! Plus you'll know if you've won because your machine tells you when you're one number away and sings if you get a bingo! I took off one star bc it can be pretty addictive and I didn't win squat! The staff is very helpful (especially to noobs like me) and the cocktail servers are very nice! Oh and... bingo happens on the odd hours!
4	I'm going to get better at my strategy for Bingo. Haha! It's a lot more than just numbers being called out. It also was a lot more fun then expected too.I came here with a bunch of friends and I actually got a bingo! Seems that the cash prizes can be pretty sweet.  Last night someone cashed in over $6000 and another $2000.  They do Bingo every odd hour.  Each hour will be about 13-14 games.  Free drinks, order your two because the waitress only comes around once.  I recommend to bring your South Point Card to get a discount and the electronic bingo is easier if your not one to dabber. Lol
4	My department wanted to plan a holiday outing and we all decided on dinner and bingo at the South Point. We headed there straight from work and got there just in time for the 5pm session. The hall is large and there is tons of space for a large group to find a spot away from others. The lines are efficient and they come around for cocktail orders pretty regularly. The numbers are called in a concise and easy to understand way. I have been to halls where I'm constantly having to look up at the screen because the person mumbled while calling out the numbers. No one in our party won, but we had a lot of fun.
4	busy. always!!! as so ive heard. we went on a Tuesday night. It was JAM PACKED!!!! This was my very first time going to a bingo hall. We had a blast it was soo much fun. $9... one hour. Time flew by.Big boards, easy to read numbers. Loads and lots of winners we had a couple close ones, gets the adrenaline going.  we will be returning.
5	..... and BINGO was its NAME-OWent on a TUESDAY, apparently we missed the memo that it was DOUBLE PAY, so the bingo hall was packed. We didn't mind, we just wanted to BINGO ! $9 for a red card (unvalidated) was enough for us newbies. We came for fun and it was. An hour later, with a few close calls on all of our four cards - we left as happy customers who will be coming back.Who says BINGO is for aged adults ? Naaah - grab a card, have some fun, enjoy company and a cheap night out!***Hint*CASH only*Free drink (1 each game) at the opposite corner of the entrance by the cashier. *Be sure to tip!
3	I've heard so many good things about this bingo hall that I was excited to try it on a Friday night.  I'm not sure why people rave about it so much, maybe it's the payouts?  But I haven't done a cross-town analysis to confirm that.  The room itself is large, but I wouldn't put it on the same level as Red Rock.I was impressed by how friendly the lady at the window was even though there was a decent sized line, there just wasn't anything which in my mind lived up to the "Best Bingo in Las Vegas" which they advertise prominently.  Smoke smell wasn't too bad since it is a large hall, although it didn't appear like smokers were quarantined off from the rest of the bunch.
5	Definitely the BEST bingo!! DEfinitely awesome with its electronic bingo screens. Play 30 cards at a time, and it will tell you when you are getting close! Love it!! Highly recommend!
5	Can I just say that I love BINGO?! Yes, everything about it: the dobbers, the fast paced action, and the people working there.I've been here once before and I feel like this may become a must go to place whenever I'm in Vegas. Upon arriving, my group of friends and I were meeted with weird stares from the old timers (weird, I guess they weren't used to seeing a group of people under 25). We waited in line for help and to purchase the games. But there was no one at the window until 15 to 20 minutes before it started.  Geez louis. Good thing my love for the game motivated me to stick through it. The woman at the counter really provided thorough instruction and information on the breakdown of the game,  which my friends and I all appreciated. So nice too :)The game commenced and alas, we were not the lucky winners. But we did have fun concentrating in our game cards and the numbers being called. The free coffee and donuts that we were given in the beginning of the game was also a nice added touch.
5	I absolutely love this bingo hall. I've won twice, but regardless of how often I win-this is my choice in bingo halls. The ladies at the window are extremely nice and so friendly. They'll crack jokes once you're a regular and they enunciate when the numbers are being called. If you get there early enough you can get your drinks early and not have to wait for the cocktail waitress to come around. Make sure you get a players card before playing so that you get your discount. *cash only*.
5	If you're into bingo.... Welcome to the Thunderdome!OK, I can't really compare it to other bingo halls, but I can't imagine what else I might need for a great bingo night out. There's plenty of room, large boards on all walls, automatic machines (buy as many cards as you can afford!), nice jackpots, disco ball doppers, starburst in the vending machines and a bar. Oh, and the drinks are free. Take two at a time and tip your 'tender. Sure, the clientele might have high-fived Jesus back in his day, but they keep to themselves and have fun troll dolls for good luck. Check their website for jackpots and game times. BINGO!
4	First time trying bingo in a casino. Basically you get a packet of bingo sheets for each session. You can go old school or have a machine do the work for you. Me and some friends tried twice but never got bingo once. There are different price brackets for everybody.  All the other patrons here are helpful and will walk you step by step through the process
3	Why, yes, I am young.  Old enough for bingo (21) but young enough to stand out in this crowd!  Bought the cheapest set - I had a club card and got a $3 discount; for the second pack (no card), paid the full $16.  We played with the electronic option (included in those prices).  Did not win, sadly, but had a good time.  Free drinks: the waitress comes around and takes your order, you are allowed more than one each go-round, but I didn't test the limits.On the electronic machine, it beeps when you are one away, and sings a lovely tune when you win.  One hand had ~15 winners.  Lots of singing machines.  Such a hoot.Btw, CASH ONLY.
5	Always a good idea to play bingo at south point. Very helpful staff. Make sure to get your two free drinks before your start because the cocktail waitress doesn't always get to you. Try to get there 15 mins before, there's usually a big line to buy your stamp sheets but over all definitly deserves 5 stars.
4	Went and played bingo this week for the first time. It was pretty intense from the moment I walked in. If you didn't know what u were ordering play wise I felt like I was gonna get kicked out of line. After we got our bingo sheets we got our complimentary drinks from the counter. Found a nice spot in the back. The bingo hall itself felt like a church hall. Felt like I was at a spaghetti dinner lol. When the game actually started you have got to pay attention to not muss number because things are moving fast. The bingo hour went fast and I didn't win :( if your looking for something to do a random game of bingo is always fun.
4	Best Bingo Hall in Vegas!  We stay at South Point hotel quite often when we visit Las Vegas, and we can't help but play bingo here once in awhile.Their bingo hall is gigantic!  We have never had a problem finding a good seat in one of their non-smoking tables.  The hall is also clean and brightly lit.  The service has always been helpful and friendly.  We have always chosen to use one of their machines rather than use the paper and dauber.  We're just lazy that way.I've also got to give them 4 stars because we've won here a couple of times.  I'll give them 5 stars when we win the big jackpot!!
4	Big area. Clean and quick. "Free" Drinks (not including tips) I usually play blue packet ($4) with a double action (game 6 - extra $2) Fairly easy to follow. Hearing the electronics make sounds make my heart race though T_T  its nerve-racking ! Have yet to win once yet =X Two people hit cash ball this visit too. 13k split between 2 people ! Oh man so lucky !
5	Honestly, I would have never stepped foot inside a bingo hall had it not been for a friend's birthday party.  After that, you couldn't keep me out of them!  I even have my own daubers (I don't need no electronic muh-sheens).The staff is always nice and efficient here.  Also you get 2 complimentary drinks - alcohol included!  I tip a couple bucks each time.  They start promptly on the hour, so I would recommend showing up at least 10 minutes in advance to secure your card, your drinks and your seat.People with the machines will make you grumble to yourself when you hear that "beep beep beep" of someone being one square away from bingo.  Bah!I absolutely dig this place.  BRING CASH!  And take the time to sign up for a South Point Players Card - you'll save some $ by doing so.
5	Best bingo Hall in Vegas, I make a point to always stay at South point just so I can play bingo, I don't think I've ever come here and I myself or the people I'm with have not won, great hostesses and unlimited drinks, if you come to the am sessions there are free donuts as well.
4	Tuesday night bingo is so much fun and you get free drinks!!!
4	This is the standard bingo hall built by the Coast Casinos before they were sold to Boyd and the South Point was sold to Michael Gaughan as a separate unit.  The hall is roomy, bright, and I found the staff to be very nice.  I came here for a UYE bingo event to celebrate Teri W's birthday.  Since it had been about 10 years since I played bingo in Las Vegas, the young folk explained to the old guy what to do.I saved our tables while some waited in line to buy their cards.  I then went and got my cards and the electronic machine.  The electronic version makes it so easy.  You don't have to do a thing except yell BINGO, and for our table, we didn't even have to do that!The machines are quite easy to use and you really need do nothing but watch.  Everything else is automatic.  This leaves ample time for quiet (sometimes) talk and you can update your Facebook status as many times as you want.The bingo hall at the South Point is very pleasant.  I'll be back for another go when the next UYE is planned.
4	My son had the idea to go to South Point for Bingo.  He said it is fun and you get free drinks while you play...a great deal for $25 for the electronic card. Bring cash...they don't take credit cards for the machines.You basically set up your electronic card and it plays the games automatically for you, sounding little alarms/songs  as you get closer or win.  We ordered drinks at the counter before we sat down and then the server came by for the next round.  You get one chance to order from the server while playing so I highly recommend getting the first round before getting seated.  The drinks are VERY WEAK!!! Just sayin...I won $50 on one round of play.  Yay!!! They bring the cash to you so you don't have to get up from your play.  All in all, a fun night with a friend!  I had never been to Bingo before but I would go back!
4	Who knew that B-I-N-G-O was more than just a kids song or just a game that your grandparents play.... Granted it's popular amongst the older crowd but, it's definitely something fun and different that can take up an hour of your time.....And trust that there are SOME characters up in this place....like that Rosanne Show episode where Bingo Players are ultra superstitious and brought props and/or good luck charms....I always wanted to play so, the BF took me to have a go at it. Should be noted that I know a few people that have won over $5k in Bingo so, I was hoping that beginner's luck was on my side. The cashier recommended the combo or package where you get certain number of games and you pay extra for the automatic machine/dotters. Once everything was set up, in all honestly, all me and the BF did was drink the free drinks (we were gambling, of course) and people watch. lol It was fun but, sadly, neither of us won anything, drank a few, and killed an hour of quality time =)I wanna come with a bigger group next time...just for sh*ts, giggles, and people watching lol
4	First time playing bingo and they were more than helpful with explaining how to play. The girls were all super nice. The lady that gives the complimentary beverages was not friendly at all and carded me for a hot chocolate. Other than that I had a great first experience playing bingo.
4	Every time I go to Vegas with my husband, we just have to stop for Bingo at SouthPoint. Make sure to arrive early to secure your bingo cards, drinks, and daubers. More than anything, Bingo is a really fun way to gamble that allows you to spend less than $10 (depending on the pack you buy) for an hour's worth of entertainment.At SouthPoint, I specifically like that you get at least two free drinks, one at the beginning and one in the middle. In the past, I've gotten more than two, but maybe their policy has changed because I only got two on my last visit. Also, unlike other casinos I've been to, where you have to hope you're sitting next to a regular so that you don't mess up and play on the wrong card, the directions are really clear so that you can easily stay on track.My only gripe isn't so much with SouthPoint as it is with Bingo in general. I love playing the paper packs so that I can mark it up with my dauber. However, when other people play with the electronic ones, it can be so sad to hear the beep of their machine that indicates that they're one away from bingo.
