5	I discovered Svaha Yoga Center while babysitting friends house in North Scottsdale. The day I arrived to my friends house, I looked up yoga studios in the area, and found that Svaha Yoga Center had the grand opening that weekend, so I decided to try it out.The moment I walked in the studio it just felt good, I loved the clean and modern look, and perfect natural light. I was welcomed by Katherine De Boda the owner and teacher. She's a wonderful spirit and a fantastic teacher with clear instructions that helped me further my yoga practice in just a week of practicing with her. I have been doing yoga for 8 years off and on, and have felt stuck in my practice, I am amazed how much I learned in that week of practice, and am again excited about my yoga practice, and learning more about the eastern philosophy and yoga in general. The interest in eastern philosophy and Sanskrit may have been triggered by teacher Matt Rulli, I enjoyed his "Intro Into Primary Series" (Ashtanga Yoga)  class as well.My favorite class hands down is the Sunday "Ujjayi Flow" with live bongo drummer, usually taught by Katherine. Highly recommend this studio, I miss it already.
4	What a lovely studio! I went here yesterday with Amanda B. for a free class (we had passes we had gotten from one of the teachers). We attended the ujjayi class (which was 1 hour 50 minutes... holy cow). The owner taught this class and it was very nice. It started like an ashtanga class, with 5 rounds of sun salutation a and 5 rounds of b, but then diverted. I learned a few new poses and was a adjusted a bit to do better with poses I have been working on, so that was nice. I liked that the teacher constantly counted and reminded the class of the breath, which made it easier to keep it going throughout the practice. They had live drums there, which was nice, but got to be a little droning after awhile (he played with the breath so it was the same beat the whole time.... it was a lot of the same beat). The studio itself is clean with wood floors and was generally nice. I would recommend checking this studio out if you live in the Scottsdale area!
2	Its difficult to find and my gps just kept making me drive around in circle.They are very rude on social media too. The fact that they said that they are the best studio in Scottsdale (or something like that) before they even opened left a sour taste in my mouth.
