4	Been with this complex for a lil over a year and a half and had a pretty positive experience. Anytime I placed a work order for something to be done or light bulbs to be changed out they were pretty quick and on the ball to get the job done. My only complaint(s) are : the horrible response on calling back when I leave a voicemail. I've called multiple times where someone was out of the office and I had a question or needed to follow up and no one responded, which at that point I had to take the time to leave work early to get there before their offices closed to talk to someone. My other complaint is that they treated my lease renewal somewhat of a 'wheel and deal' scenario, which I wasn't to happy about an which prompted me to look else where. I got a great deal at another location that I will soon be moving into but had they just given me the 'great' deal in the first place instead of playing this tug-o-war game, I would have never entertained the thought of moving out.
1	The first month or two that I lived there, It wasn't that bad...not amazing obviously though. The apartments are so poorly made, EVERYTHING BREAKS. They move you in with an apartment almost unliveable that makes you have to call and nag them to fix it all instead of them having it ready for a new tenant. I had no stove top when I moved in, and I also had a whole the size of a baseball in my bathroom where huge roaches would crawl right in. It took them months to come fix it. The shower rods were so cheap they jus fell right off. The bathtubs wont hold, and just drain and the toilets get clogged every single time you use them, along with the sinks that constantly clog. My shower leaks all over the bathroom floor and floods it, my bedroom door ripped right off the wall.. the list can go on and on. With all these problems, half the time they take weeks to get maintence over to fix it. The people who live here are either old or single...very unfamily friendly. Ive had people yell at my kids, telling them to shut up etc. They even have a hoarder near me that brings roaches into my apartment. The parking lot is one of the worst aspects of being here...they assign you a spot WAY too far away from your apartment. Not only do you have to walk all the way around to get in your apartment if your on other side, but they make your spot two buildings or more away. Bringing groceries and taking trash out is a NIGHTMARE. They also refuse to change it. If you are late on your rent..good luck bc they dont even tell you, they send a notice to the post office that you never get then charge 50 dollars everyday that you are late. Ridiculous!  I am counting down the months to get out of here!! It is cheap for a reason i guess...but very small sq feet and a awkward layout so you cant even find room to put your couch. They charge you 5 dollars a month just to use a credit card to pay rent..and you have to go in the office to pay rent every month. The management is actually decently nice but are kinda slow and dont know what they are doing. The place is well kept outside, and rent is cheap for the area..those are pretty much the only positives.
3	have been here since May 2013, the front staff is always polite. the neighborhood is quite and neighbors are pleasant and nice as well. However there are several issues, when something is needing to be fixed it takes them forever to fix it and you almost have to harp on them. had a toilet that broke and was leaking everywhere, had turned the water off to toilet and reported it to be fixed. took them 10 days to get to it and 4 contacts to keep reminding them. Lights now above covered parking spaces are out where I park and a down the row from me, reported it over a week ago and still not been replaced. makes for a dark walk in the middle of the night when arriving home from work. when we first moved in we had some missing pieces to the fridge and took them up until sept to get the replacement. have had tiles fall off in the bathroom and took them well over a week to respond to fixing it and when they did they replaced with tiles that don't match. and now we have had pest people in the complex today drilling holes for termite traps and low and behold it never got cleaned up and they still aren't finished. the do nothing to certain residents who let their dogs off their leashes and crap everywhere and not pick up after themselves. currently am frustrated with management being so lack on getting items fixed and responding to their tenants who pay a pretty penny to live here. All in all it's an ok place but have lived in better places who care more for their tenants and can't see myself staying here after lease is up. it's sad to say the least.
