5	I had such an amazing experience at this salon!!They had a special featured on Groupon for their Amnesia Retreat hot stone massage for $39, which is normally $90.  Also, all the proceeds went to a cancer charity which I thought was awesome that the salon was doing something like that.  I had a great experience from the minute I walked into the door.  The salon receptionist was a guy who was very friendly and professional.  He had a glass of water waiting for me.  They were right on time with my appointment.  My massage was with Tweety (Her real name is Thuy).  She is AMAZING!!!  She was so kind, cute, & really down to earth.  Sometimes I feel a little uncomfortable getting a massage from people, but not her.  She made me feel 100% comfortable!  I also had never had a hot stone massage before.  It is definitely an magical feeling.  I loved every second of it and didn't want it to end.  The only downfall about this salon for me, is that I live on the exact opposite end of the city of it's location, but after an experience like that, I wouldn't mind making the drive back out there!! Thanks Amnesia Salon!
3	I hadnt gotten my hair cut in over a year so I thought I would give them a shot. I called and got in the same day which is a plus. When I got there I went to check in and i do have to say i didnt find the receptionist to be very friendly. She didnt even say anything to me.  The stylist was nice. At first when I got home I really didn't like my cut I think she cut is a little shorter than i wanted but after I got to come home and do it myself i really found i liked it. So I would give it another shot to go back to see her again.
3	My boyfriend and I purchased the groupon special for the 50 min botanical facial. We had very different experiences. My facial with Treaty was excellent. She used hot towels, massaged my neck, arms and hands, legs and feet too! She had an excellent touch and technique. My boyfriend had Windy. When I saw him after his lotion wasn't rubbed in and he still had exfoliant beads all over. He said no hot towels were used on his face only on his arms. He had no foot massage and felt like there was product in his eyes. He's had numerous facials in the past and said he received better service in schools before. I'm sad he didn't enjoy his experience as much as I did. On a side note the music for relaxing was BLARING!! I'm sure to cover the noise of the salon. Overall just ok. I see why service protocols and standards are so important, as our services seemed totally different.
2	Treaty was Great!!! But the spa is not the cleanest... The robes they give you where stained and the shoes were dirty... Can we say germs!!!
4	The atmosphere is always calm and inviting. Kids hair cuts $5 and military discounts. We have always been treated great and enjoy the service we receive here. The prices are fair.
4	Who can beat $5 kids cuts??? I love this place for the kids cuts, nails, and massages. With a pedicure I had champagne(or wine its been awhile) and the pedicure lasted a few weeks. My daughter gets her haircut there often and the women are very child friendly when talking to her. My only wish is they had more availability for them. I call on the fly as Im driving by and 9/10 times they are not available. But I will still not go anywhere else for her. The man that is always up front maybe the owner? is always personable and pleasant.
5	I am happy that I decided to check this salon,  the atmosphere is welcoming, the owner welcome us with a smile like I feel at home. Grace was the one who did my hair, she is great and very friendly. I trusted her suggestion and she made me feel comfortable.  She is amazing, she did a little trim and partially highlighted my hair... Loved it!!!   Trust my recommendation go to this place you will never regret!  My mom love her hair too not sure if I spell her name right kristie, she is the one who did her hair and she loved it as wellSalon owner:  A++++Grace is the best, very professional and Amazing I will give her triple A++++
5	Was visiting Vegas with a friend and she went in for her usual haircut here.  I had just recently received an AWFUL haircut from a salon in SF and wasn't too happy about it... well, Vicky to the rescue!  This girl KNOWS her stuff!  She undid the damage done in SF and gave me the BEST haircut I've had in quite some time!  She listens to what you what and does it- this girl is awesome.  I have long shaggy hair which I wanted layered and she did just that and more!  Highly recommend her to anyone!
1	I came to this place because its close to my home and I know someone that went here and her hair turned out nice so I tried it out. I initially wanted to get highlights and cut I showed the receptionist a picture and the hairstylist. I basically told her this is what I want. When I finally say down she explained to me the process before she started she offered me a "great deal" includes hair treatments or conditioning with cut and color/highlights for $175. To be honest with you I have never paid that much to get my hair done. Anyways, she told me before she starts that I have to sign this paper to pretty much proves that I agree that I'm paying $175. So when she started she cut my hair first which turned out ok. Because I usually just get my trim before doing anything. Then after that she started showing me swatches on what she thought my hair would look nice in. I showed her the picture of how I want the color again and she kept on insisting on chili when The picture looks like blonde brown and light brown. I told her I want what I see in the picture.. After a long process of being in the dryer and washer I thought that the color is finally showing up because she showed a little bit if the strip of my hair. Long story short, nothing changed! I got the hair cut! She offered me products and I bought one! But the color stayed the same from when I came in. I love how she went step by step before she did my hair and she said in time it will slowly lighten but honesty I paid $200+ to make my hair look like something got done and it was such waste. I called the salon the next day because how upset I was. & i wanted to get my hair fixed..And the receptionist said that Sebastian is not in and my hair lady was off as well. And she was going to leave a note to let him know to call me back. So finally the next day came.. I called again Another receptionist answered and she said she thinks Sebastian might not be in today or if he is maybe later in today... Seriously I paid $200+ to get something done and the service is horrible. So for now that's my review on this place! I'll update you if Sebastian ever calls me.. 4/12/13. P.S I'm doing my review in my cellphone so there's some that's misspelled or typed incorrectly in sorry because I'm trying to get this review ASAP. Thanks!*** December 13, 2013*******Ok, so it took me a while to get back on updating this review, So a week later I finally got a hold of Sebastian from Amnesia Salon, At first he mistaken me with another client with a black hair, and supposedly he told me himself that my hair won't turn out to be the way it is because my hair color is black. First of all.. I didn't even talk to this person at all. I saw him go in and out of the salon and that was it anyways, And My hair no black!! Long story short.  He told me to come in and they can fix my hair and he apologized with the situation because he realized that i wasn't that client that he supposedly talk too. When I came in, The hair stylist wasn't there  yet.. So i waited 15 mins. for her to get in. When she got it in... She has this Nasty attitude, like she didn't want to fix my hair. So i told her what I wanted and the color didn't show up. She still kept on insisting that it will fade over time. But no way im gonna wait a couple of weeks for my hair to fade and i paid 200+ to get my hair done! Get the hell out of here! Anyways, She finally started fixing my hair. She still had this nasty attitude towards me while she was fixing my hair but the hair was done and she fixed it. I love how the color turned out, it just like the picture that i showed her initially! I gave her another $20/tip .. mind you i gave her $20/tip the week before and i gave her another tip this visit.  I love how it turned out and i gave her my business card for work. I told her that I will call her in a few months to get a touch up. So that was for her to keep! Few days later... Sebastian started calling my work!! Like WTF!! It wasn't once.. it was about 5 times what my co workers told me at least. He said to call me back ASAP! What the hell... I gave the Hair stylist my business card for her to keep. So we can keep in touch for business... And sebastian starts calling my work like a maniac! None The less! The experienced with this Salon was supposed to turn around to a good review until Sebastian started to Call my work! How unprofessional! That is worst than a debt collector! NEVER AGAIN! Avoid this place! It is a bad attitude workers and unprofessional people and pricey at the same time!!
5	I had an excellent experience at Amnesia Salon! I was greeted with a glass of wine while I waited for my full body massage appointment. The price for the massage was a little more pricey than average compared to other local spas. The work areas (hair, nail, massage) are well laid out around the building and looked very clean.I had Toni and she is truly an amazing and enchanting person! She is a certified professional who was very courteous, friendly, funny and knowledgable about other areas of health and beauty. BTW... I also had the body wrap which did help me lose an inch and half of my waistline. :-)Cheers!
5	Today was my first time here. I live in the area and usually travel to Summerlin to get my hair done. I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived for my appointment. The owner was nice enough to call me to let me know I could come earlier for my appointment. I requested Sayeda because it said on their website she worked with extensions. I really liked her and her style of doing hair. I loved the way my hair turned out. I am going back to get makeup application tips and how to do my hair once I leave the salon. I haven't had extensions before. I was a little surprised with the paper she presented before we started which was the price. I thought it was strange but I really appreciated it because too many times you go to pay and sticker shock sets in. It takes the money portion off of the table and you can focus on your hair. The salon is very clean with nice leather seating in the lobby. The chairs are modern and the whole salon has a really nice ambiance. I am pleasantly surprised and now will be a routine customer! Thanks Sayeda!
5	I had a great experience here.  Originally I went in with a Groupon for a backcial massage, hand, foot and scalp massage.  I think I paid $45 for the coupon, got a $25 gift certificate for future services, and tipped a good amount in cash.I was greeted with a large glass of blush wine and led to a room to undress and put my belongings in a secure locker.  The robes were soft and the sandals loose enough to get comfortable.  My service lasted about an hour and fifteen minutes and I was very impressed.  I had never had a hot stone massage before nor a backcial but could tell this is what it was supposed to be like.  Ornela was wonderful!I really liked that there is such a nice place on my end of town, as most of the specials are for places downtown or in the southwest and not convenient.I liked that their prices were high enough to indicate the level of service and attention to detail, but not too high to be a rare occasion.  I will definitely return, probably even faster if they do another coupon deal!
5	Amnesia, the name says it all..this place will seriously put you in a forgetful state :-) I have visited this establishment on two separate occasions. They are the best spa in North Las Vegas. I love their amazing customer service, and friendly staff! Toni is my personal favorite, she's the girlfriend you've had for years who keeps you laughing and entertained!!!! Their hot stone massages are amazing!
5	The only reason I have a Yelp account  is to help me find great places when I am some place new.  My best friend usually writes tons of reviews, so I never feel I need too. My experience at Amnesia getting my hair done with Regina, finally inspired me to write my first Yelp review. First let me say this is a rare Salon because it caters to everyone. I am African American, but my Caucasian male friend got an awesome hair cut here too. I got a relaxer, cut, and flat iron by Regina, she is amazing.  I have never been to a salon and got a relaxer, cut, and flat iron with body and shine, so fast.  Most salons on a weekend hold you hostage all day long.   Not with Regina, she had me in and out in an hour! No joke! She also keeps you in good spirits while she does your hair.  You know how it feels to have someone do your hair, that actually loves doing hair!  She really made sure I was happy with my hair,  and her other customers too. She also gave suggestions on what I needed to do so my hair would continue to grow in length and thickness.  And she only charged me $80 dollars! Where in the US can you ever get that!When  I am in Las Vegas, I am returning to Regina so I can get my hair done again. If you want a great  salon experience, that's fast, and modern, see Regina at Amnesia Salon, and you can bring all your friends.  It was a relaxing, lounge salon experience.
5	If you want an awesome hairdo, come see Regina E. I've been with her for 8yrs. Show her a pic or tell her an idea and she'll make magic happen. She can do just about everything. She's amazing!!!!!
4	I really like this place. It has a nice ambiance and is very clean. The owner was very nice and promptly offered me a beverage. I had a facial and a pedicure. The facial came with a very relaxing neck and shoulder massage. The pedicure was good, but could have a more of a foot massage. Overall a very nice experience and I will go back.
5	I am rewriting my original post to reflect my most recent visit. My visit today was scheduled because I wasn't completely satisfied with my previous visit, far from it. As far as that visit goes, just like anywhere else, not everyone performs to the same standards. If you're looking for something specific, make sure you ask questions. It's always ok to turn down the service if you're not feeling comfortable (which is what I should have done). However, after speaking with the big boss, Sebastian, he set me up with a wonderful technician, Cyndee, who did wonders on my hair. She's my hair tech from here on out. She also highly recommended Tweety for facials, backcials, waxing, wraps, etc.  So, it looks like I have 2 go-to techs at this salon. It went from a place I didn't even want to drive by to a place I can see myself frequenting just because a few people really made a difference and changed my mind. As an added bonus, I got strong compliments from 4 people in the first 45 minutes out the salon door. Two were at my son's school, and the other two individuals were random strangers at the store. And my hair is air drying, no styling. Just straight out the door. Awesomeness!Thank you to Cyndee and Sebastian for not only fixing what had happened but also allowing me to find my "hometown salon."  Now I can stop my search.
5	I love this place! My friend, sister, Mother and I get our hair cut, colored and styled by Megan! She is soooo awesome! she will give you her professional advice, while working with you.  She is so sweet.  Not to mention the atmosphere of the salon is great! Everyone is so friendly, inviting and funny.I have been to A LOT of placed, but was satisfied by this Amnesia the first time I went! I won't be changing Salons as long as I live here.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good Salon and Spa in Vegas!
1	I was here once, and will NEVER go back. The stylist I saw was very rude, and scissor happy. I even showed her a picture of what I wanted and my haircut ended up being far from what the picture looked like, she was also very rough with my hair.  How can you properly relax with someone yanking on your hair?! If you want a half assed cut, don't go here.
5	I had a great massage and facial with Laura, I felt really comfortable and I really recommend her! The ambiance was very relaxing and the customer service was on point, I arrived early for my appt and was brought back almost immediately. My massage didn't feel rushed and Laura did an excellent job at working out my knots, she also used some products that I ended up purchasing. The skin care products are overpriced but that's to be expected when purchasing in a salon.   Overall an excellent experience!
5	I.love this place. Everyone is so welcoming when I'm here to see my stylist! Great place!
5	After weeks of working long hours I decided to treat myself to a massage. I have never gotten a massage here, but  on occult my hair cut here and they do a great job so I thought I would check them out. The prices are reasonable and the spa is very nice and not tacky like some of these chain Spas in Vegas. I made an appointment and was able to get a massage the same day. After checking in I was immediately taken to the spa area to change. After only a short wait, for which the massus apologized. I was on my way to a great massage. I would like to thank Orlena for doing a great job on my sore back and the owner for being so accommodating.
5	I got my hair done last week by Kim. She did a phenomenal job! platinum it is! Great haircut and style as well. First time ever that my roots don't have any break in color....just completely platinum; ) I scheduled my next retouch in advance. And here I am again... enjoying my spa day..got Mani/pedi and now massage with Twee... she is sooo sweet too. Next in getting Washed ,blow dry and style. Just one amazing place: ) joyful
1	I called this salon to bring my daughters to get their haircut, the man that i spoke with told me $5 for kids cuts and asked their ages i said 6&7 years old and then made an appointment to bring them in. While i was there it was very welcoming and the stylist and man i had previously spoken to were very nice we had a conversation about other places and the prices and i asked the cutoff age for the kids cuts he told me 12.. i was super excited and told him thats amazing i will definietly bring my boys back. My girls haircuts turned out amazing they got their hair washed and blow dryed and they loved it. So i refer a friend she took her daughter two days after and he would not honor the $5 price and told her the cut off age was 5!! She told him my friend just brought her daughters and it was $5 he said I know who your talking about and I did that special for her but i cant do it for you, she was charged $10 and didnt get a wash or a blow dry. What the hell kind of shadyness is that! I was so impressed but unfortunately they have lost my business
1	I went to get my daughters haircut the other day after a friend of mine told me she just went there and she paid 5.00 dollars for her kids haircut. So i went to get my daughter a haircut and was told no it is 10 dollars amd that he only did thay just for her. Normally i would have just walked out but my daughter was so excited about getting a haircut that she wanted to stay and I would never dissapoint my daughter because of poor managment. My friend told us that also for her 5 dollars that the stylist washed and styled there hair. So my daughter was super excited to get pampered and unfortuently she got none. I have no complaints about the stylist she was great but managmemt in my opinion is poor with not very friendly customer service. When i was thinking about what to do about the haircut he just started helping a person that was behind me! So rude. I will never go back and I will also tell my family and friend about the unproffesional managment at this place. What a dissapointment and all over 5.00 dollars. I know it is just 5 dollars but it was not about the money it was about the customer service. I think you should treat everyone the same regardless of the race or age :)
3	I put three stars because I really enjoyed my hair cut n highlights..... It would've been just one star if it was based on the price portion that I had to pay to get it.... This was my first time here.. I needed a little me time so my husband gave me some spending money to get my hair done and to relax and enjoy myself... I thought heck why not? I live near the salon and decided to get my hair done... I called the salon to find out what the pricing was... I asked the lady how much would it cost to get full highlights and a cut would cost... She told me full highlights were 70 and cut would be 25... And that they also give military discount (10%). I had told her great! Sign me up for that... So I get there and checked in I was greeted and asked hello it shows that you are here for highlights and a haircut. I had replied yes. So he said please have a seat so I did and waited.. Sat down and the treatment began. After everything was done I was very excited to have had highlights and my cut... It was beautiful and I was very pleased with the outcome! So when it came to payment the gentleman at the front said ok did you enjoy your package? And the total ma'am is 175.... In my head I'm screaming wtf?!? So I told him I'm sorry but I was told it was 70 for full highlights and 25 for the cut and I'd be granted military discount... He said no that they gave me the package deal and that they don't do military discount on this package... I had told him wait I didn't ask for any package.. All I wanted was highlights and cut... He had the stylist give me a package which I did not ask for... I'm so upset by this time.. In the end I had to pay the 175 and even though I have been told that it would cost me about 95 dollars... I felt jipped! I had a nice hair highlights but it was not worth 175... The stylist did a great job... But I will never come back here again... It felt very scumbagish for them to just rob me of my money... Pretty much liars to their pricing... Even though I had verified it with the several times... Big time disappointment!
5	Update April 8, 2014 I had came in contact with the owner of Amnesia in regards to my issue. Right away he apologized for the error and was very prompt on correcting the issue. I was happy in a way that he had made me feel important and valued as a customer. That I wasn't just another dollar sign. Now I can fully change my stars to five! It's nice to know that there still is people who care about giving great customer service! My issues were corrected! I will definitely be a returning customer and would definitely recommend this place to my friends and family. Thank you.
2	If you have been to Massage Envy or Canyon Springs, you'll feel as though you're receiving services at the YMCA.I purchased a living social voucher for a 50 minute massage and 30 minute facial. My appointment was at 5:00 pm today. I didn't get called back until after 5:15 and I was on my way home at 6:20, and I'm writing is review at 6:40.The facility is very nice looking, but the massage rooms are bright. Definitely not a relaxing environment. The fire and ice massage.. Well back rub  is something that can be done by your spouse. None of your kinks are worked out. They just throw in some heat occasionally, but it was nothing more than a back rub and an arm massage similar to the one you receive when you get a mani.The facial.. Consists of a hot towel on your face, a cleanse that burns, and a moisturizer oh and lip balm. It lasts about 10 of the 30 minutes if you count the 5 minutes your face is burning.After about 15 minutes, I found myself patiently waiting to be released. It wasn't relaxing, and so not worth the money or time.
5	Came here again for another awesome haircut!  Grace is fantastic- truly has a gift with hair!  Will be back!
1	Amnesia used to be a great place for my wife and I to get our hair done.  Unfortunately, it's not what it used to be.  The salon, under new management, does not care for long-term customers anymore, and seems to be catering to walk-in clientele.  If you are looking for a generic super cuts experience, this is your place (although an actual super cuts is across the street and much cheaper).  Up until a few days ago we had been extremely loyal customers to this salon, coming every four weeks for the past four years or so.  A few months ago there was a change in management and everything went downhill in a hurry.  Every time before an appointment we would get a courtesy call to remind us of our appointment.  For our appointment a couple months ago, we did not get a call.  I called to confirm and was told that the salon was under new management and that our stylist was no longer there.  I was concerned about the change and decided to cancel the appointment for the time being.  There was no concern that long-term clients were canceling their appointment, and no apology for lack of a call.  The receptionist explained that the owners operate a strip location and don't bother with courtesy calls as a result.  A couple weeks later, and after much deliberation, we decided to give the new management team a shot.  Luckily one of the prior stylists that was there before the change was available and we booked an appointment.  This appointment went pretty well, and we were happy with the new stylist.  As with our usual practice, we made an appointment for four weeks out with the new stylist.  On Saturday, 5/17 we came in for our appointment and were told that our stylist wasn't there.  Once again, we didn't receive the slightest courtesy of a call to let us know.  This was obviously frustrating, so we asked when the stylist would be back.  We were told that she would be back on Weds. 5/21.  We rebooked our appointment for 5/21 at 3:30 and were given an appointment card with the date and time listed.  On 5/21, in the morning, I called and confirmed that our new stylist was there and confirmed our appointment.  We came in at 3:30 and told the manager that we were there for our appointment.  At this time we knew something was wrong because the manager didn't acknowledge the appointment, and another woman was sitting down who looked frustrated.  Our stylist then came and spoke with the manager, walked past us without acknowledging us, and got the woman who was seated.  At this time it was clear that we had been double-booked.  I spoke to the manager who indicated that we were not on the stylist's calendar, and supposedly were on her scheduled for 11:00 that morning and had been a "no call no show" for our appointment.  Needless to say, I was extremely frustrated given the mistake just four days before, and especially so since I called and confirmed the appointment that morning.  The manager took absolutely no responsibility for the mistake, instead blaming his receptionist, and insisting that we did not have the appointment correct on our end.  Thankfully we had the appointment reminder card that we were able to show him.  Even when presented with evidence, he refused to accept any responsibility and was not willing to accommodate us by getting us in with the stylist we were booked with that day.  The lack of accountability from management was absolutely astounding.  We told the manager that due to this series of errors, we would need to go to another salon and left.  At no time did the manager apologize for the mistake or take even the slightest responsibility for the errors that occurred over the prior four days.  This is not the service that I had come to expect from a salon, and is completely unacceptable in an industry that thrives on customer service.  All-in-all, management needs to take a hard look at how they want to be portrayed.  If they want to cater to a walk-in clientele at the expense of long-term business, then they have succeeded.  If, like a normal salon, they would like to cater to people who value service, then they have failed miserably.  Proceed with extreme caution.
1	I've been going to this salon for the past three years and had the best experience until recently. Obviously they've changed management and they have new employees. Since their management change I've only been back twice and both times I felt like I wasn't treated fairly. The services I've always received were now 2-3 times as much and it was never confirmed with me to agree that this is what the pricing was going to be so when it came to paying--it caught my by surprise. Who pays $75 just to get their hair curled? When it used to be $25. Supposedly it was part of their package that was considered to be in the same category As an up-do with a hair wash and blow out, which I've never received. All I got was a hair curl. They wanted to use my hair length as an excuse and the reason for it aS because my hair was long. All-in-all I walked out of there pissed off and disappointed and promised to never return. The owner did chase me down and gave me a refund while at the same time the hair dresser was staring me down and pissed off at me for complaining about her. I did get about $35 back but I still paid $40 for somebody to curl my hair when it's usual price was $25. Claudia is terrible. Both experience I've had with her has been terrible. Sad to say because I really like some of the hairstylists here. Kim and Ornela are awesome and have had the best experience with these two. They really care about your hair and how you look and they care about the health of your hair and they do a fantastic job! but I'm not sure I can step foot in this establishment again due to the terrible customer service. They make you feel like you're not being valued. They really don't want to keep their loyal customers. Sad.
5	After reading the reviews I was nervous to go but they got me in and im so glad I went!! I hot a full head of highlights and it tunred out amazing it was what I wanted.   Very nice lady's at the front desk nice and clean will definitely recommend this place to people.  And i will return.
1	Definitely WOULD NOT recommend!! Wayyyy overpriced and not worth it! Went in for hair color and came out looking like a tiger, I could have done better myself. Instead of compliments ...people's face cringe when they see my new look. Very disappointed and will never return! Thanks Amnesia, I forgot the hairstylist name..white girl, supposedly the "lead stylist" ..pshhh..2 thumbs down!!
2	The first time I went for a cut, I loved my haircut but a couple months later when I tried to book the same stylist, they told me she no longer worked there. The second time I went, the stylist straight up f*cked my hair up. I asked for an angled bob with a subtle, light brown ombre and showed her several pictures. She was very enthusiastic about it and super nice. She wrote "cut" and "color" with the prices on a slip of paper and asked me to sign it before she started, indicating that I agreed to the prices/services. No problem there. She dyed my hair, cut it wet, then asked if I wanted it curled or straightened. I hesitated for a second and she said, "Honestly, I always think ombres look a lot better curled" so I was like, "Okay, curled then." She curled my hair so I looked like Shirley Temple which was a bit ridiculous and the color looked strange, but I was willing to give her the benefit of the doubt. Maybe it was the lighting in the salon and maybe my hair looked way shorter than I wanted because she curled the sh*t out of it. I know stylists can't always give you EXACTLY what you want, and I think that's okay as long as it's somewhat close. She brought the slip of paper I signed to the receptionist and told me to have a great day. The receptionist said, "Okay, so for a cut, color and curl..." I looked at the slip in her hand and saw that the stylist added "Curl - $30" to the slip of paper above my signature. She never once mentioned-- or even hinted-- that it would cost extra to have it curled. I was like, "What? Isn't the style part of the cut?" the receptionist said, "Well, yes but curling it is like a specialty service." Are you f*cking kidding me? So I'm paying over 50% of what I paid for the cut for someone to run a curling iron through my hair for a few minutes? Whatever. I paid it, left a tip because the stylist was nice, and left. I went home and washed and blow dried my hair so I could see what my hair REALLY looked like. I was horrified. First, my hair was definitely 3-4 inches shorter than I asked for. I could live with that though. What I COULDN'T live with was that one side of my hair was at least a full inch longer than the other. The underside of my hair was BRIGHT orange like a damn traffic cone, and brighter on one side than the other. I did what I think most girls do when they get a bad cut/color-- I tried to convince myself it wasn't that bad, maybe I was imagining things because I was mad about the sneaky $30 curl service, and tried to style it in a way that would hide the bright orange and uneven cut. I showed my husband and asked what he thought and he just said "yikes" and told me I should call the salon. I wanted to scream. I called them the next day and told them I was unhappy with my hair, they told me, "Well we can fix it if you come down like RIGHT NOW. Otherwise you'll have to wait." I thought that was kind of rude considering it was their stylist who f*cked up, but I rushed down there anyway. It was a different stylist who fixed it. I showed her what was wrong with the cut and what I hated about the color. She agreed with me that it was pretty bad and made excuses for the other stylist, saying, "Well you know, we have some young stylists who just don't have enough experience yet". I was glad she was being so nice about fixing my hair. They didn't charge me to fix it, and I ended up loving what the corrective stylist did. My hair looked awesome.Yesterday I went and saw the same stylist who fixed my hair and asked for a trim and to "tone down" my ombre for professional reasons. I told her, "I really love the color, I love the ombre, I just want it a little more subtle." She nodded her head in agreement and I thought she understood that I meant I wanted to keep the ombre, I just wanted it less dramatic. However, I didn't explicitly say, "Please keep the ombre in there". That's my bad for not clarifying because she dyed my whole head a mousy brown. Not what I wanted, but okay I'll take the blame on that one. The slip of paper for me to sign said, "Cut - $75. Color - $80". By the end, she took the slip of paper to the receptionist and the receptionist told me, "Your total is $185". I glanced at the slip and saw that the stylist added, "Toner - $30" to the paper. WTF! Why does this keep happning? If the stylist had to tone it after the color (which was basically a shampoo), isn't that part of the color because she didn't get it right the first time?! I could see if she charged me separately for the toner if I complained or something and she had to change it, but no. This was something she added on without even telling me. I'm not going back there again, ever ever ever. It's too frustrating, way too expensive for the level of experience, and the stylists are sneaky. I really think management needs to take a look at who their stylists are, price it accordingly, and take away whatever incentive the stylists are getting to sneak services into the final cost.
5	My 3 yrs old daughter gets her haircut here. Staff is friendly and good with kids. I don't know much about haircuts, because I've been bald for 11 yrs but her haircut turns out to be beautiful. And it's cheap! What! $4?
5	Grace did an amazing job on my haircut! I told her what I wanted and she did exactly that. Ask for Grace! She is the best!
4	First off...only reason they get a four and not a five is well, they're pricey. But I only go twice a year and don't mind splurging when I do. This being said, I have loved every experience I've had here. Today, I'm getting a cut and color by Megan. She's great, super sweet, knowledgable, and listened carefully to my requests to insure we were on the same page. Grace is my main girl though. She's done my hair the last three visits. I love her, my loyalty is still with her. But I was in a crunch today seeing family photos are two days away, and these roots needed to go. As far as hair goes, I will keep coming. Color is always what I ask for, and even when I'm crazy reluctant on cutting anything off, they somehow work magic and cut the nasty but keep the length. Exactly what I wanted. I've also had a spa package here for Mother's Day. Ummm...just amazing. Facial, on point. Massage, on point. Pedicure, eh I've had better. But I blame that on the fact they brought in some extra ladies due the busyness of the day. Overall, this is my place of choice. I won't go anywhere else. Ask for Grace or Megan!!! PS Free wine and water! Okay seriously...who cares about the water. FREE WINE. Enjoy Moms!
1	$50.00 for a haircut that was both shorter than I asked for, and was uneven. I had to go even shorter to fix it! I also had an appointment but waited about a half hour before I was seen. The salon was not busy when I went either and a walk in was taken before me (I was not waiting for a particular stylist).
