5	This place did a great job while other places tried their hardest to rip us off. They fixed our ac for a reasonable price and didn't add on a ton of unessential work. Highly recommended.
5	Honest and thorough. It's hard to find an honest mechanic that you can trust, well here they are. Haven't had a problem they couldn't fix. Never had to go back to have them recheck their work. M.D is great and Mike is as real as they get. Only wish they were open on Saturdays.
5	We've been going to them for nearly ten years.  They're honest, they're good at what they do; and, they're priced fairly.  How many people can say that about their mechanics?
5	I was a first time customer with Sunset Auto, and I chose them to repair my brakes based on many positive reviews.  I feel they lived up to those reviews and even exceeded my expectations.As a young woman, it meant a lot to me that they treated me with respect and were fair with the cost of repair.  It's a sad truth that auto repair shops often have a reputation of taking advantage of women, through overcharging them or adding on extra fees for unnecessary repairs.  At Sunset Auto, I like how they thoroughly explained the estimate and what each fee was for.  They didn't overcharge me for unnecessary repairs and their prices beat competitors.  Their customer service is excellent, the lobby is very clean (which is unique for auto repair shops), and overall I was *VERY* impressed.  I will be a long time customer!
1	On advise from a friend I took my car in for a check engine light, they diagnosed it and  quoted to fix the car. I gave them the go ahead and picked my car up, I drove my car less then ten miles and the light  came back on, I tried to call the shop back and tell them what had happend and they told me to bring the car back. So I did then they said that I had another issu and to me it would be anothe 400 dollars more. I gave them the go ahead again, Picked up my car again and before I got home the light came on again. At this point I was so upset I decided to take my car to another shop. once there it turned out that I had a hole in some vaccum line and that was the cause of the light. After the line was changed my car was better and the check engine light never came on.... Sunset auto thanks, but no thanks... you really did a number on me
5	I have always brought my car here and never had any complaints about customer service or pricing. MD is the man and very helpful when it comes to staying in your budget. Ill never take my car anywhere else. They even give you a ride home if you need to leave your car there!!!
5	Love the shuttle service so I don't have to worry about being stranded while my car is being worked on. Also, service managers do a great job of keeping me informed.Love this place Honest and accurate repair.
5	My husband and I drove in for a business trip from LA and our car got us to Lake Las Vegas...but then would not start the next day.  After looking here on Yelp for a mechanic in Henderson with good reviews we selected Sunset Auto and had the Auto Club tow our Volvo over.  Sadly, the timing belt tensioner had failed so the belt had slipped off bending some of the valves - OUCH! Steven at Sunset Auto was so kind through this whole process. It really could've been a nightmare, and instead it was great to find a mechanic out of town that was straight forward about our options.  Our decision was to not fix the vehicle and donate it to charity instead. Steven said we can keep the car there until we select a charity and arrange for them to pick it up. Now that turned good service into GREAT and why I've given them 5 stars!
5	Great service! I recommend this place at all!!
5	I would never, ever risk bringing  my car anywhere else.  From my very first service, they have been so much more than outstanding.  I've been bringing my car for a few years now, and have never had the "hard sell" from them trying to get money out of me.  NEVER.  They are quick to get back to me, and honest with the work that needs to be done.  Every single employee is absolutely sweet (I feel weird calling the guys "sweet", but they really are), and have been polite and helpful.  No matter who answers the phone, returns my keys, gives me ride home, or sweeps the floor...theyre all so nice.  They definitely know their job.  Whatever issue I have is fixed correctly and PERMANENTLY.  I've never had to bring the car back for the same work.  Also, I actually feel like I learn more about my car when I go in.  They explain the issue and service so completely, that even I can clearly understand it (I'm a make up artist and nanny, so I barely know how to pop the trunk).Service like this makes me want to bring them mini muffins or something.  Sincere thanx guys!
5	Where do I begin, Sunset Auto was recommended to me 10 years ago, from the first experince to my last I am always pleased with the service.  I have a 13 year old Land Rover and the crew and MD keep it running smooth.  There is no other place in town that beats there price, customer service and honesty.  I live 1/2 hour away from this place and I still travel accross town to take my Discovery there, I always refer them and everyone that I know still go back and mention how great they are to work with.  These guys are the best!!
5	Honest and up front with pricing and parts availability.  Communication was good and vehicle was repaired and delivered on time. Pricing was in line with what you'd expect to pay from a real shop with certified mechanics. I would definitely recommend this shop and will return with future business.
5	Been going to these guys for years.   Good prices, great service, and excellent communication.  Service all our vehicles with Sunset - both import (Toyota) and domestic (Ford).  It's good to have an auto shop that you call "my guys"
5	These guys are the best! Stephen really explained everything to my fiance and I and made us feel very comfortable. I will definitely be coming back here.
5	I'm not easily impressed and my ratings are usually conservative, but I have to say that I'm REALLY impressed with these guys: knowledgable, friendly, professional and no BS. I've been sitting here waiting for my car and I've seen numerous regular customers that are clearly satisfied, treated equally well regardless of their automotive knowledge, etc.  I even saw them tell one lady that there's a manufacturer's recall on an item that would have cost $2k to fix here and she should go there. Like I said, no BS. Very impressive. Treat people right and they'll come back, and I'd come back.
5	Highly recommend.  Took my 2010 Toyota Tundra 4X4 in to have the pilot shaft bearing lubed as recommended in the maintenence manual.  The truck is not in warranty and and I was looking for a reliable and honest independent repair shop to do the factory recommended service.  Turns out the service manual is wrong as the truck has sealed bearings. Sunset charged me nothing once they discovered this.  I'll be back with my other out of warranty vehicles.
1	Way over priced for the type of service.  $42(after 10% AAA discount) for a simple oil change!  I'm in the process of trying to find a local mechanic to service my two Hondas( a compact sedan and minivan) so that I don't have to go to the Honda Dealers so that I could possibly save some money.  I decided to try this place out based on the reviews and noticed that they are AAA approved.  I took one of my cars(sedan) in for a simple oil change and and thought I would get a great deal along with the AAA discount.  Not only that, I really wanted this to the be the go to place for my car maintenance.  Upon getting my bill $42, I was disappointed.  Let me explain why I was disappointed.  For $42 bucks I expect a lot more than just an oil/filter change.  When I got the bill, I expected an itemized list of things that were inspected on the vehicle... Like a 20 point inspection with check boxes that explain their findings and need for service like they do at the Honda Dealers...  Sunset Auto didn't even include my tire tread measurements nor the how much brake pads I had left or a graph on how well my battery performed but the Honda Dealers do.   To be honest, they did leave me with a general list of things that might have been inspected, but it is hard to know whether or not they even did anything without details about what the findings were.  On top of that, the service manager/sales manager at the front desk didn't even go over the whole service with me.  There is simply no evidence that they did anything other than change the oil and filter.  By the way, upon inspection of the bill, they put the wrong viscosity oil in my car... They put in 10w20 when the oil cap is clearly marked in bold 5w20.  Lastly my car was not run through a carwash and they left the paper floor mat on the floor for me to throw away myself.  Whew that was a lot!The Honda Dealers, on the other hand and to my surprise, were very different and more satisfying.  First of all, I'm always greeted by a friendly service manager who gives me a coupon for a free coffee or bagel at the cafe.  For $35.35(no discount) my minivan got  an oil/filter change plus: the use of Genuine Honda Parts, a full 20 something point inspection with a detailed itemized list of what they did including their findings (i e tire pressure, tread wear, break pad wear, battery performance, fluids and which fluids were topped off, etc...), a list of open recalls, a carwash dried by hand, and no mess inside the car.  On top of that, the service manager explained each and every item on the list including what the recalls where about and the urgency level.  Did I mention that they replace the oil in my car with the correct oil viscosity and they always replace the washer for the drain valve as recommended per Honda.Upon comparison, these two experiences are very different.  If Sunset Auto is willing to give service like the one I experienced with them even once, then isn't it fair for me to be apprehensive and reluctant to going back?   It's really a tough thing to put the vehicle, that you rely on so much, in the hands of people you can't trust to keep it running properly.  For now I'll stick with the Honda Dealers.I wish you all better experiences while shopping for a mechanic.
5	I have been going to Sunset Auto for years. Been all over Las Vegas and, compared to Los Angeles, many of the auto shops are less than ethical.It was such a ray of sunshine to do business with Sunset Auto. The owner, Mike is very honest and knowledgeable. MD runs the service desk and has been really great to work with. He is careful with your budget and his labor prices are great. When MD quotes a price he stands by his estimate.Sunset keeps up with high end tech tools and electronic diagnostic equipment required for today's computer driven cars. The technicians are very capable and will not suggest service that is not needed.It is usually like a trip to the dentist when getting your car fixed around Las Vegas and the dealers are among the worst AND the most expensive. They offer average service with high prices. Sunset Auto is such a pleasant experience I almost want to go there just because I know they are so honest and will actually try to help me. Count me as another happy customer who would simple never consider taking my trusted car(s) to anyone else.
5	I purchased a vehicle from out of state and chose Sunset to do the AAA inspection based on their yelp reviews and professionalism over the phone. They made the entire experience painless and if I'm back in Las Vegas with any car needs, I will absolutely be coming back.
5	This place is by far the best shop in Henderson and might  be even  the best shop in the country or even  the world. Very happy with this shop and is one benefit of living close to the shop .Good luck trying to find a shop as good as this one  . They are honest and will not tell you some BS about you needing extra work .
5	Its nice to know there are still honest mechanics around who care about customer service.
5	My first service was today. All the staff were incredibly friendly. They came up with a creative solution to my problem for $230 whereas the BMW dealer insisted it would be at least $650. They even fixed something they noticed while working and came $10 under their own estimate. Definitely the future place fit my car problems
5	I have two older BMW's which received excellent service in California until I relocated last year.  I am delighted to have found Sunset Auto Imports to care for my cars.  The fact that they have Master Mechanics on staff is a huge plus.  The front desk staff were more than responsive to my inquiries and happily accommodated my transportation requests.  Their estimate for the repairs on my 2001 330i was between $50 and $150 less than two other BMW service shops and the service department of the Henderson BMW dealership didn't even bother to call me back with a price.  To my surprise, the final bill was less than the estimate.  The shuttle driver, Heath, is an absolute sweetheart - an injured vet who Sunset Auto has taken on as an apprentice.  Now, who wouldn't trust their autos to a company whose values encompass giving an injured vet an opportunity to make a fresh start in life.  Sunset Auto - you are the BEST!
5	I was born in Las Vegas so I know a lot of  shops in town and Sunset is the most honest and professional I have dealt with, for my truck and my grandson's truck..that is why I keep going back..Thank you Sunset Auto...
5	This is the best mechanic I've ever been to. We've been going to them for years, but my experience with them yesterday made me want to post a review finally. I would have always given them 5 stars, but their service yesterday just reminded me of how exceptional they are. They will never try to sell you something you don't need, they will tell you how long you can wait for a repair so you don't spend your money too soon, and they are ridiculously thorough. I dropped my car off over the weekend for 3 issues, and on Monday I had received at least 4 phone calls throughout the day giving me an update on the status of my car. They're the best, they're good, they're friendly, and they're honest. Don't go anywhere else.
2	After leaving my car in for a service and Ac repair , I was totally dissatisfied with the service. Due to a misunderstanding maybe or that it was a very busy day for them, there seemed to be a lot overlooked with fluids not being filled etc and the AC not being repaired properly.But after being in contact with Mike the owner of Sunset Autos, I was given a full refund. I feel like he is a true business man who will live up to his word and the words of others who have written good reviews about his business. I think that day was just one of those days and when my car is due for repair again I will leave it in to Sunset Autos. For now I will give it 2 stars and both goes to Mike the owner for his sincerity and hopefully it will get 5 on the next review.Thank you
5	My wife and I drive ALL THE WAY across the Las Vegas valley to have our cars serviced at this shop. It's really inconvenient for us, but only because we're in Summerlin and Sunset Auto is in Henderson. But so far, it's been worth it. Other reviews here on yelp mention high prices at Sunset, but our experience has apparently been far better. After getting a ridiculously high quote (four figures) from Ted Wiens Firestone for work that was deemed "absolutely necessary" to save the car, a second opinion from Sunset Auto revealed that the situation was far less serious, and would only cost 3 figures (don't go to Ted Wiens - EVER). In our opinion, these guys are more honest than many other shops out there.
1	I was happy at first that I finally found an honest place.  I've brought my cars in here several times.  There is always a nagging feeling I'm getting the raw end of the deal.  This last time i was in the shop, I got another quote and couldn't believe what I was being overcharged.  I was quoted 1100 for 1 phase two catalytic converter.  It turned out I needed two.  Which at sunset would have run me 2200.00 I got them both changed at advanced muffler for 417.00.  This 2200.00 is nearly the exact amount  that I was charged for another repair at sunset auto.  And it wasn't a transmission or a major engine problem.   They have lost this customer which really wanted to stay.
5	Since my first experience with Sunset Auto several months ago, a series of dashboard lights came on indicating possible expensive repairs so I was anticipating a monster repair bill.  Sunset Auto could have taken advantage but, instead, made a minor repair that handled one issue and handled the remaining two issues by simply topping off fluid at no charge.  They also accommodated my somewhat unusual schedule and transportation needs.  I couldn't be more pleased with everyone at Sunset Auto.  They have continued to earn my trust and unequivocal recommendation.
5	I recently brought our volvo in for service with Jason at Sunset who was trained by volvo/mercedes and was very happy with his performance and Mikey's accommodations to my work schedule.  Sunset Auto imports are as close to a mom and pop shop as one can get in LV and I feel I was treated very fairly.  By the book, and service with a smile.  Jason took the time to speak with me at length about preventative maintenance on our volvo and was generous with his diagnostic time.  I have no complaints. Fair pricing for routine maintenance and prepurchase inspections. They allowed me to purchase my own parts at a discount and even comped me an inexpensive part that I had overlooked.  Very courteous and reasonable and I see no basis for giving them anything other than 5 stars.
5	I have used Sunset for the past 5 years on a variety of cars.  They have always provided excellent service as expected.  But they go beyond that, they have my trust.  I have on numerous occasions taken them an issue and they not only fix it quickly but honestly.  My latest issue with them there first estimate was around $500.  As they started the repair they found that the part they were going to replace was just a loose bolt.  They tightened it up and everything was fixed for $120.  They had already ordered the part and it was in house, yet they returned it to the source and save me the extra expense.  Most other repair facilities would have installed the new part and continued with the repair at full price.
