5	My sister and I went to this Home Depot to buy blinds for my new house.  The salespeople were all awesome - not too clingy but always around when you needed them to be.  They were able to cut my blinds same-day even though there were a LOT of cuts to be made.  Now I happily have 8 new blinds to install!
1	Called and was told they had clear con-tact paper. First of all, if you work in "kitchen" you should know the brand con-tact. Showed up and it took 3 employees to take me to the con-tact section and I was then told they did NOT have clear. They all walked away talking about how they were going to get drunk tonight ... They DID have it ... I found it on my own ...
1	I purchased a $300-overkill-for-the-size-of-my-lawn-but-I-want-the-best lawn mower from this location.  The first, and only, time it worked was the day I brought it home.  My second use I had to buy a spark plug/fuse for it and LOW AND BEHOLD, for the third use I had to do the same.  Rather than keep a faulty hunk of junk (Toro, by the way) I took it in tonight to return it.I was promptly ridiculed to my face (they didn't realize I was the customer for the lawn mower, standing right there) and I got to hear the guy from tool rentals GRIPE GRIPE GRIPE about how busy he was.  Well, sir, I came home and tried to mow my lawn in between my TWO JOBS AND VOLUNTEERING but I realize that you, Home Depot Tool Rental Man, are quite stressed out.Anyway, they agreed to return my funds onto my Home Depot card (that has a zero balance) and then told me that it because it was over 30 days (I do not see this on my receipt anywhere, thank you!) that I had to have store credit.So, you sell me a POS lawn more with a BS return policy and then want to give me store credit so I can buy more garbage from your store?  I think not.Thank God Lowe's always builds right across the street from you guys - I'll wave my middle finger from their parking lot.
2	Not
1	Home Depot is usually pretty good.   Not this one.  The customer service is usually awful and the cashier lines are rarely ever open.  Unfortunately I have to go to this one for work and I leave frustrated every time.
3	Nobody asked us for help including the greeter. 3 employees walked right passed us without offering to help us, expected more for a Home Depot. Giving 3 stars only because the store had alot of stock on the product I was looking for.
5	The happiest place on Earth, obviously! lol
1	Avoid this location if you can. Came here to pick up some tracking, paid, and upon trying to load it into my car, I realized it was just a couple inches too long.. So I came back inside and asked if anyone there could cut it for me, and the employee told me "sorry, we don't have anything here to cut that evenly." I explained it wouldn't completely fit in my car, hoping he would suggest an alternative or help me in some way so I wasn't stranded in the parking lot.. Instead he stared at me blankly. So I walked out and asked another employee if he could help me tie the trunk down and secure everything, and then he told me he "had no idea how to tie anything down and would grab his manager." Ten minutes later I am finally on my way.. Thankfully someone was there to finally help me out.
2	The most arrogant and pretentious staff of any Home Depot I have ever encountered. It is well worth going to Route by magnitudes of infinity.
