3	I probably should be there right now instead of writing a review.As gyms go this place offers what most people need but not what every one wants. It has free weights, machines, and cardio equipment and a single activities room with a few classes.  It makes up for the lack of extras with the low price.My biggest complaints are the new hours, they close at 10pm on weekdays which is too early and 7pm on weekends again too early. Another problem is the upkeep of some machines and items, many machines and other work out aids could use replacement or repair.The high turnover in staff is ok as the replacements usually seem to be pretty nice. I have been going here for 8 years now so it can't be too bad.
1	I will never use another Pure Fitness gym again. This review isn't specific to this gym, but applies to all Pure Fitness locations. I posted this here because this is where the event took place. Originally my dues for Pure were $19 a month which gave me access to all gyms, classes, etc. I decided to add on a personal trainer at a rate of $50 an hour. I would see the trainer about 1 to 2 times a week. Several months ago, Pure Fitness announced that they would start a new program where you would get a 30 minute training session every week if you raised your dues to $29 a month. Sounded like a great deal to me, so I signed up. The program was going great for about 2 months. At that point my trainer advised me that the program had grown so much that they are turning it into an hour long GROUP sessions. Basically you don't have an appointment, and you show up at the top of the hour during one of the scheduled group "PFE" classes. You may or may not have the same trainer each time. Here's the thing. My dues stayed the same and Pure Fitness already offered group classes that were included with my membership when the dues were $19 a month. I tried the class once, but it wasn't the same as the 30 minutes one-on-one that got me to sign up for the "Pure Fitness Experience" program. After wards they changed the schedule of the "PFE" classes that I just said screw it. I canceled my membership at that point. My membership officially expires on Sunday, and I say good riddance.
