5	if you are sick of quizznos, subway or any other sandwich chain place i would check this place out... there sandwiches are very good and different than what you will find at the other places... i always get the hot ham and cheese (it also has sprouts and mushrooms on it)... one of my friend swears by the chicken parm sandwich but i have not tried it yet... but if it is a late night tonight, you know i will be hitting it up tomorrow...
4	Pretty good subs. The pastrami is to die for.
4	I had the 6 inch spicy Italian today. This sandwich was much better than the Subway one. My daughter had the Italian chicken panini that she said compared favorably to one she had at Postino a few days ago. A nice lunch worth a return visit.
4	I decided to grab a sandwich to take back to my office after running some errands in the Colonnade shopping center, since I parked near the Sub Factory, I figured it was worth a try.  The inside is quaint and not very fancy, but they have a huge menu!  They have hot subs, cold subs, croissant sandwiches, wraps and paninis.  I decided to get the Mesquite Smoked Turkey special, which was turkey, bacon, provolone, lettuce, tomato, mayo and Santa Fee sauce served hot.  My sandwich was ready in a flash and still hot by the time I got back to my office.I was pleasantly surprised at how tasty this was.  The bread was crusty on the outside, but soft on the inside, and the Santa Fe sauce really made it delicious.  They had lots of other good looking sandwiches, so now that I work in the area, I am sure that I will be back when Subway just won't cut it!
4	this place is great for a change from the larger sub chain places. I usually get the same sub each time and its always excellent and doesn't disappoint.
5	Vegetarian sub was fresh and full of flavor.
2	This place is located in a big strip mall where I used to work. I've seen it a million times and never bothered to stop in.  I had to stop by my old job (that I just got laid off from on Monday) and was absolutely starving. I came in here because I had a few bucks in my pocket, and had to eat something.  I was starving!  So, I cruise in here, and think, how bad can it be?  well, it sucked!At first impressions, the place seemed okay.  Big menu, decent pricing, etc.  W ell, that's about the excitement of it.  For starters, I stood at the counter staring at this guy who was making a sub.  I don't think he said anything, but just kind of stood there and threw a sub in this little convection oven.  After a few minutes, a lady came out.  The guy started talking to me, but the lady cut him off and then took my order.I ordered the BBQ beef sandwich.  They come in 2 sizes, a small and a 6 inch. I just wanted a small since I needed to get something in my system after a day of job hunting and dealing with my previous employer.  It was ready in no time flat, and man, it looked SMALL.  And ugly! all in one!  It was roast beef that they threw in the convection oven and doused in BBQ sauce! The meat itself wasn't so bad, but the high amount of bbq sauce made it hard to eat. Then, I go to refill my drink.  Um, they said it was a $1.00 for refills for smalls, and more for medium and larges.  Um, NO.  FAIL.  Don't charge me for a fountain pop refill. NO NO NO.  I refilled it and sat my happy ass back down.Food was not good, and I'm probably not going back any time soon. UGH!
