3	Nice place for a burger and a drink.  Fun atmosphere, for either a fun date or to take the whole family.  Excellent lemonade.
4	The first time I came to Islands, I wondered why you ordered your burger and fries separately.  Huge portions!  Maybe order 1 basket of fries per 2 people.Great Burgers, cooked how you like.  Not to pricey either.
3	Total chain, but they're kinda fun anyhow.  Nice causal atmosphere w/ everyone in Hawaiian shirts and shorts. The food is nice, with a beach theme to their salads, burgers, tacos and other goodies.  I have to admit, I really like their teriyaki chicken & pineapple soft tacos.  Their Northshore tacos are pretty good too with their marinated shredded chicken, but better if you get a side of sour cream. I have lots of friends who are big fans of their burgers, but they've never been my thing.  Their cheddar fries are another thing all together.  I know how wrong it is to get a platter of cheese fries, with folks eating them with both fingers and fork, but somehow that works here....Final bonus big booths to fit an easy 8. And if the surf videos playing or the fake birds in the fake trees are too much for you, they've got decent bar area.
2	Bleh.  Our service was pretty bad...food took forever to come out, waiter got our drinks wrong and was overall unattentive.  Once the food finally arrived it was decent but nothing to write home about.  I had the cobb salad and my friend had the chicken sandwhich, both pretty average, although portions were big.  Note that you have to order sides like fries seperate--which annoys me.  Cheesy decorations...blah blah blah
4	I have been to this location many times and never once have had a bad experience.  The servers are always in a good mood, very attentive and caring towards customer needs.Drinks are always quick coming to the table and food never takes more than 10 minutes (depending on what you order, I guess)Burgers are the BEST I have had at any restaurant.  Especially now that they offer a veggie or turkey patty for those watching their weight.  LOVE IT!
3	We were out this way yesterday just exploring and when we drove by my daughter said that looking like a good place so we had an early dinner there.  I like the atmosphere, cool and laid back, very island like.  There is surfing stuff all over and surfing videos on and the staff is friendly and laid back too.  We had great service.  Drinks arrived promptly and we were checked on several times during the meal.  My daughter had an accident with her milkshake and our server brought her another one quickly, napkins to wipe up with, and wet wipes for her sticky hands.  I had the Baja soft tacos.  They were good but lacking something...I dont know what though.  I had guac, sour cream and salsa too.  They were good but they needed more flavor.  Maybe it was the way the chicken was cooked, I'm not sure.  My daughter had a kid's meal of a hot dog and fries and she ate it all.  I would probably go back and try a burger sometime.Mostly I thought the atmosphere was good, very island ish and I liked it.
3	Hubby and I ate lunch here today and what we had was, for the most part, quite tasty. I had the Hula burger (with swiss cheese, sauteed mushrooms, lettuce and tomato) on a whole wheat bun which was very good. Fries came with the burger (you can sub onion rings or some salads) and were all-you-care-to-eat, like Red Robin. The fries were just OK- they tasted a lot like In-N-Out's. They do have veggie and turkey burger options. Hubby chose the veggie tacos which were very fresh, with avocado, corn, black beans, red and yellow bell peppers, and zucchini on soft whole wheat tortillas. On the side was an "island slaw" which was vinegar based (maybe a little too much so) but very fresh with cabbage, carrots, jicama, red bell pepper, and green onions. Service was just fine. This is a place we'd come back to, if we found ourselves in this neck of the woods again.
4	Four of us ate there tonight.  Hubby had  China Coast salad, half portion, which is what he usually gets because he likes it so much.  I had the fish tacos, because they do the best fish tacos of anywhere I've been.  I always get them on flour tortillas because corn tortillas turn to mush no matter who fixes them.  Daughter and son-in-law had burgers and they raved about them--one had the Kilauea and the other had the Hawaiian.  Great service.  Prompt.  I have eaten at this Islands many times over the past 7 or 8 years, and have never been disappointed.
3	There are no Islands in Tucson...And that's neither a good thing nor bad thing.  In other words, I traveled all the way from Tucson to Northern Phoenix to eat an all right burger.  Well, that's not true.  My friend and I traveled there to watch Avatar on the IMAX screen at Desert Ridge.  To reiterate, the burgers at Islands are "fine" in the mildest possible term.  The ground beef was of decent to good quality, and therefore the taste was of average to good caliber.  It was the fixings that sort of dragged down the burger in the taste department.  I ordered the Kilauea, which is a jalapeno & black pepper crusted burger with pepper jack cheese, chipotle aioli, lettuce,tomato and Island Reds.  I'm not a cheese fan, so I opted to forgo the pepper jack.  I'm not sure if that would've saved the burger.  The seasoning lacked any pronounced or distinguished flavor.  Sadly, the end result was a rather bland burger.  Have mercy, the fries, on the other hand, were probably the best thing on my plate.  The fries at Islands were good and fresh, just like me with the ladies after a few drinks.  With all due respect to a review who said that the fries "tasted a lot like In-N-Out's," I disagree.  In-N-Out fries are of the thin-cut variety, while Island's are more of a traditional style.  What I appreciated the most about the fries were that they were crispy and fresh.  The service was fairly fast, efficient and friendly, especially considering this a California-based chain.  I hate to wait for refills on my drinks, and our server was always on the spot just prior to hitting bottom as to satiate our impending thirst.  By the way, if you order a Cherry Coke here, it comes with an actual maraschino cherry.  Well, the first one does at least.  The second and third ones lacked any cherry.  I guess once you pop that first cherry, you really don't get any more.  On that note, I would consider paying Island's a visit again, but it's not high on my list.  There are so many more cherries out there.
4	I went to Islands this past weekend looking for a Turkey Burger...and man they did not disappoint. They substitute all of there beef burgers with Turkey burgers if you like...and man i was so happy to hear that because i don't eat red meat. They have 12 burger selections along with various other items...but the burgers are what you should go for when coming to Islands. I had the "Big Wave" burger with Cheese...it also comes with Lettuce, Tomato, Onions, Pickles, and Mustard. It is a huge burger..and it comes with fries for about 9 bucks. When i want a great Turkey burger now...i head straight to Islands Burgers...please go pay them a visit.
1	Awful. Everything is way too salty and overpriced. You can get a better burger across the street at 5&Diner. Cool decor, though.
3	I hate rating a restaurant three stars.  It feels like such a cop out.  It's like when you ask a teenager, "How was your day?" and get the standard "Ok." No originality at all.However, I just went there a few days ago with my co-workers, and I really can't recommend the place highly.  They have a decent lunch special - $7.99 for about 5 different meals, which included the CA FLyer (grilled chicken sandwich with BBQ) and fries, which was what I ordered.  The chicken was great, huge chicken breast, with a good flavor. However, the fries were hard and cold.  I had to stop after a few because I was worried about breaking off a tooth.  Well, the dog is whining to go out, so I'll review.  Fries: 1/5. Chicken 4/5. Prices: 3/5. Service 3/5. Average: 3/5.
4	My wife and I went here for dinner last Friday night.  Wanting a super casual dinner this place fit the bill.  We both haven't been to the Islands since our college days when it was on Mill.  Turns out not much has changed.  This place still churns out some decent burgers at reasonable prices.  We each got a burger, shared a salad and a basket of fries.  Everything was quite good but the fries are awesome.  You really can't beat a bottomless basket of awesome fries for like $3 even-though we didn't come close to finishing it.Aside from the fries being delicious, I like it that each of their beef burger selections can also be ordered as a turkey burger.  I didn't order my burger this way but my wife did and she said it was very good.Another thing to note is the service.  I thought it was excellent.  Our waitress was very friendly, helpful and fast.  My diet coke refills arrived faster than I could drink them and that is a definite plus.In my opinion this place is on top of their game in terms of service and food and is a solid burger place in my book.
5	My boyfriend and I ate her Sunday afternoon and from the moment we walked in to the moment we walked out there were definatly no complaints. Got seated immediatly. Our server greeted us immediatly, got out drinks immediatly, and gave us the perfect amount of time to look over our menus. My boyfriend got a chocolate shake - mmmmm I should have got one- Delicious. Side Ceasar salad to start - nice and fresh and crisp lettuce - always a plus. We got a Burger and a chicken lettuce wrap for lunch. His burger was cooked to perfection and my chicken lettuce wrap was very tasty. And ofcourse their french fries are awesome aswell . Got our bill- very inexpensive. Great atmosphere, Great food, Great service!! No complaints
3	Always reliable for a great Burger, cold beer and friendly service. Chain food yet worth it. And Mondays kids under 12 (I think) eat free!
2	The food was awful, but the service was fantastic!  The service is the only reason it's getting 2 stars.  My husband had one of the burgers and he said that it taste like a frozen burger patty.  I had the Kobb salad...It just wasn't good.  We did have the nacho app...Half the cheese wasn't melted, and if you wanted any beans or meat on it, it was extra.  Over all the nachos weren't bad--only because they were part of the half price apps during happy hour.  It was pretty crowded--I literally think my pony tail was touching the girls pony behind me, and there were a lot of kids.  I would say, don't wast your time/money here.
3	It's been at least 5 years since I have been back to this place.  We went just because it was in the area and we were hungry.  The plus side was that I was able to order something that had been taken off the menu AGES ago - The Flamingo (chicken sandwich with honey mustard basically).  The fries were great - and also unlimited.
4	Good food, nothing super delicious that makes me have cravings. I haven't been here in a long time, as in when the fries didn't come with the burgers (you had to order them as a side item). However, now they do come with them and are still endless, but I did notice the burger prices went up to allow for the burgers to now come with fries...something that is always expected at any burger joint. They do have sweet potato fries that you can order, big plus. Service has always been great, they are really quick with getting drink orders in and served to you. I've ordered a bunch of items from salads to fish tacos, and of course, their burgers. Everything has tasted decent and I'm not really sure what qualifies as having "Fine Burgers" in a restaurant title, but I don't think Islands has it. The restaurant itself is very clean and the bathrooms are well kept. The only downside is the acoustics in this place. It can get very loud when its busy and almost annoyingly loud when there are a few kids in the joint.
1	My last trip on Monday the 14th was not very good.  I sat in the bar and just wanted to grab a quick burger and beer.  The bar was pretty empty, even though Monday Night Football was on.  I sat down and after a few minutes the bartender came over and I ordered a Fat Tire.  He tells me that they don't have Fat Tire but they have some other beer and that it tastes JUST LIKE Fat Tire.  I passed on his recommendation and went with a Kilt Lifter - he seemed pissed that I didn't go with his recommendation.  I ordered a burger and he said "you want it cooked medium right?"  Typically I would say thats a little presumptuous but hey its Islands not Morton's.  The burger came out and was maybe mid-rare, closer to rare and was very greasy.  The bartender asked about 10 seconds after he delivered the food if "Everything looks OK".  I said sure it does and he never stopped back to refill my beer, ask if I wanted a water, or ask how the burger was.  He was busy talking to his girlfriend who was also working.  I ate about 1/2 of the burger and asked for the check.  The bartender brought the check and didn't say a word, or ask why I only at about 1/2 of the burger.  Overall a very disappointing experience.
1	Wow! I was just here a few months ago. How fast can a burger place go down hill? I wish I would have read the recent reviews before eating here. I would have gone to In-n-Out in a heart beat. Just like previous patrons have stated, the burger tastes like it is freezer burned, the 'Endless' fries are not very good, the service is lacking, the bartender assumed I wanted Med. their version is very pink and greasy as well. Only positive is the beer. Next time I'll drive out of my way to a close Red Robin. Everything is much better there.
4	I have not been to this place in a few years.  I keep promising my son that I will take him here.  Last Friday he called me up begging, so I said yes.I ordered him the kid's burger and me a burger with guacamole.  He looked at his burger then mine and decided that he wanted my hamburger instead of his own.  So I settled for the kid's burger.  I must say it was a good burger.The atmosphere is loud and chaotic, so a five year old is going to love it.  Most of the clientele are adults with children.  I have an issue with a dedicated bar in an establishment like this one.  I feel it is simply wrong to be pounding shots on one side of the restaurant while the table thirty feet away is celebrating a fourth birthday with cake, Elmo and a bunch of unruly kids.The food is good and plentiful.  The hamburger comes with unlimited French fries.  We went through three orders alongside free salad.Islands offers an affordable meal that is family friendly with great service.Go and have fun now...........!
2	Tonight my bf and I was here the service was alright the buggers was good the fries was a bit over cooked
5	I'll bet you didn't know commercially farmed turkeys are incapable of reproduction. Did you.It's true. Turkeys can't breed anymore. So how is it there are so many turkeys? This is so weird. Turkey farmers actually employ people to masturbate the Tom's, so they can artificially inseminate the hens. This is so creepy, it makes me never want to eat turkey again. Especially when you consider how turkeys ALSO eat their own shit. However....I have a cholesterol problem, and  have now found myself in the unenviable position of being on red-meat lockdown. Shit. Shit indeed my friend. Turkey it shall be. And no-one makes turkey burgers like these guys.Order one Kilauea style. You'll be pleasantly surprised at how delicious it is, despite your now knowing that what you're eating is the fruit of someone's labor... whose job it was to sit around jacking turkeys all day long.The thought of eating turkey repulses me.But I temper my repulse with the realization that the more turkey I consume, the more turkey-jacker-jobs I've just helped to create.And that makes me happy.Important note:Our server informed us he was knocking two bucks off the bill. When I asked why, he offered no reason, saying " We just wanted to discount your meal today."I think he overheard me talking about Yelp every time he wandered close by.
4	Located in the Desert Ridge mall, this is a great casual place to go with friends and family. The four us each got burgers because that's what they do best. The wait was longer than usual but we were out on the patio so we watched people walk by. Our server was very attentive and checked on us several times during dinner. She offered to refill our drinks and even apologized for the wait.Burgers were great, served hot and everything tasted freshly made. The atmosphere was casual but outside, we didn't experience the noise of the tvs and music that were all inside. I'd come here again and will try something other than burgers next time.
5	Great burgers and great service.  Love the Hawaiian burger with fresh onions rings.
1	We arrived for lunch and were seated immediately.  Our waiter, Alonzo C., looked a bit harried, running between tables.  He came to take our drink order and we also gave him our meal order.  We thought it a bit strange that another table that came in after us and ordered food after us had received their meal before we did.  After 25 minutes, Alonzo came by and asked if we wanted more iced tea.  We asked if our food would be coming soon.  Soon another waiter stopped by (which we assume was the manager as he did not introduce himself) and apologized for the long delay in bringing our food.  After that either Alonzo or the manager stopped by every 5 minutes or so to see if we were okay.  When the food did arrive, the vegetables that came with the turkey burger looked like they were freezer burned and fresh from the microwave.  I would expect from a restaurant like "Islands" that vegetables would be fresh.
5	The restaurant has a nice atmosphere. The servers kept up with the waters and soda for our table with out needing to ask. The two people with diet restrictions were able to find healthy options. Actually they thought it had a lot of options. I had the Hula burger with bacon and island reds (fried onion strings). It was great a very tasty and juicy burger. One of our group wished they had different music to match the theme (like Bob Marley, Jimmy Buffet or island music).
4	I don't get to dine her often but that is not because I don't want to.  This is a great place for some very unique burgers with a great twist.  The staff has always been very friendly and the food well prepared.  While I normally get the blue cheese burger, my last visit I changed it up bit.  I was a bit disappointed as I didn't get much blue cheese on my burger.  I'll try it again and hopefully next time there will be more.
2	Yesterday was National Hamburger day, so it was my patriotic duty to partake in this directive. I was greeted by a smiling hostess and proceeded to the bar where an NBA playoff games was playing on the flat screen TV. I made it in time for happy hour but no hamburgers other  than sliders were on the menu. The Hawaiian is what I wanted and at around $9.00 I was ok since it came with Onion Rings. Order arrived with 4 yes 4 onion rings. I asked the bar tender/ waitress if this was it, and she assured me it was. She did offer me another side but I said no. Disappointed with the onion rings, I cut my hamburger in 1/2 and proceeded to eat. Frankly it was boring, slice of pineapple a bit of Teriyaki and 3/8" slice of onion on a bun that was as boring as the hamburger. Waitress brought me 4 more onion rings which were the highlight of the meal. Unfortunately, others arrived at the bar, a heavily tattooed Mohawk wearing individual with girlfriend. Every-other word was F this F that. Ate my burger drank my Blue Moon @ $5.75 for 16 oz. The bill  came to $16.33 and I left a $20.Sorely disappointed with this chain that lost its way. 4 stars to the waitress who knew how to handle a disgruntled customer. In and Out would have been a better choice.
1	Yaki Tacos were yucky! Skimpy on the teryaki and dry. The fries were hard and cold. Place is going down hill fast. I wont eat here again! WOOF!!
4	I like the Hawaiian burger: pineapple, teriyaki sauce, lettuce, tomato, onion, swiss & mayo. I substitute cheddar instead of swiss. I  also crave the Kona Pie with mocha almond fudge ice cream and Oreo cookie crust. Fun Hawaiian ambiance with surfers on the TVs instead of sports. Easy island escape in this 110+ degree weather!
3	A-OK. Yep. That describes this place to a T.If you have read my previous reviews you are aware of my disdain for chain restaurants. But Islands isn't bad. Not bad at all.I used to always order their veggie soft tacos, which sadly isn't on the menu anymore. But no worries, have ordered several of their specialty burgers subbing a veggie patty.My carnivore hubby has no issues with their burgers either. They always cook them the way he requests.French fries are delish, hot, and plentiful. I always throw on extra of the special seasoning they have on the table.They have a variety of tropical libations but I avoid these pricey sugar bombs and order the tropical iced tea. It's not like me to order something non alcoholic but I really love their iced tea. Seriously.I find their environment a bit annoying, contrived, and cheesy. Fake plants everywhere, surfing on the television. Loud island shirts on the staff. *eye roll*All in all a solid burger place.
4	I stopped in in May when I was going to buy spices down the street.  Haven't been to an Islands in a while.  Had a very good blue cheese burger.  The service was good.  I got there right after opening time so the place was almost empty to start and only got about 1/3 full by the time I left.
3	it's not expensive, but also just ok. the atmosphere is pretty neat inside. i got the burger with bbq sauce and while the toppings were good, the burger itself was thin and didn''t taste like a good beef patty. the bun and french fries was also meh. the service while friendly seemed a little rushed.
5	Love their burgers. Have not tried anything else except onion rings and fries, but this is my 'THE' place for burgers.
3	A-Ok is a perfect rating for Islands in my book. I am not a huge fan of burger joints so take that into consideration. We had a school fundraiser and it was a nice environment for a family dinner. I like the fact that it was busy, you could feel the life. I love that atmosphere. It was cold however, but I guess it's time for me to get used to Arizonians creating artificial winters in every closed space. I had Longboard burger and it was good. Nothing special, but not bad at all. My other half had veggie hula burger and says it was pretty tasty for vegetarian option in burger joint (go figure). Service was good, but little overzealous with drink refills, to the point where we had to stop her to return some drinks. I understand the endless refills are sales point, but this was ridiculous. Who can drink 4 lemonades in 30 min?!I might be back if there is another specific reason or if it is the closest options. Otherwise, definitely won't lose sleep over going there again
4	One of the best burgers in Arizona. This place is a true classic - it's been here forever and still as good as always. Definitely recommend stopping by for an awesome burger and fantastic sweet potato fries.
4	Just found out this location will be  closing on 12/22 and it will missed!  This Islands has been a go-to place for our family for over five years. The service was attentive and  quick even during busy hours.  Great convenient location to have a sumptuous burger with a cold beer.   The revamped kids menu is impressive as well. Islands staff,  thanks for great memories and good luck to you all!!
