5	Excellent company, highly recommended.  Competetive pricing, prompt, neat, professional.  Certified by Pebbletec and Pebblesheen to install and their work product is outstanding.  We had our pool resurfaced, new tile installed, a tanning shelf built with a water feature and new equiipment installed.  Prado & Sons did an outstanding job!  Don't choose a pool remodel company without talking to Prado & Sons!
1	No stars.  It's amazing that Pebbletec allows Prado to install their product because of their poor workmanship and no customer service skills.  We have been waiting to receive a reply from them for months now to no avail.  Use another vendor, you'll thank yourself in the future.
4	People probably aren't looking too often on Yelp for pool people, but here's my review. We hired another builder to update our pool and Prado & Sons were the sub-contractors. Normally we wouldn't even know who the subs were but we had some issues with our pool. The first time around we had some blotchy white stains and small concrete pebbles that didn't mix well with the Pebble-Tec. After some serious discussions with our remodeler, Prado & Sons, and the Pebble-Tec Company based here in Scottsdale, we had a do-over. Customer service this second time around could not have been better. Lots of information, calls on time, service when they said they'd be here, and a pool that is as beautiful as can be. I wouldn't hesitate to use this company again, but I'd be pro-active about communication. Ryan - you're the best!
5	Excellent Job! This company is very professional from start to finish. We just had a our plaster pool re-done with pebble tech, the mini pebble. They always called ahead to let us know when they would be here which was great!  It took 3 days of actual work. First day jack hammered old plaster, then came back and did the finish sprayed the pebble tech, then came back and acid washed it. Then we filled it up. They came back to check the water and adjust the chemicals. All in all they completed it in about a week. They are busy with other clients I am sure! We have an average size pool, and the total cost was about $4,000, which was  below every other place we called for an estimate!  Some estimates were  close to $6,000!  It is beautiful! I really  appreciate how professional they all were,very neat work, fantastic price. I even got a call a week later from the office to make sure we were happy with the new pool, how nice is that? Great customer service as well. Happy in Glendale! I would highly recommend Prado and Sons!  prado.sons.@yahoo.com .  Check them out.
