3	nice little divy bar...no food at midnight...Nice people good local mix of older and younger peeps...Pool tables and some sort of hunting game...
4	This friendly little neighborhood bar has cheap drinks, karaoke on the weekends, darts, pool tables and Big Buck Hunter to keep you entertained. It's small inside, but nonetheless inviting and the people there are a good mix of locals, both young and old. Karaoke is on Friday and Saturday nights and has a small rotation so you can sing a lot of songs. Drinks are cheap and you can drink for an entire evening for less than $20. I think one of the memorable things about this place is that they have a toy crane machine that you can win porn from...definitely a place with some character!
4	I love small, friendly dive bars. They always have the best mix of people in there. And most are normally regulars so they know everyone and are always friendly to the new faces at the bar. Kat's is no different.Cheap drinks, friendly bartenders, good people, jukebox, pool tables, video arcades, and a toy crane that can win you some porn. That's what I call a great bar.
4	Oh Kat's....thank you for being awesome.  You were exactly what we were looking for in a Karaoke bar this past Fri night!  Two parts awesome dive ambiance, three parts friendly people, and one part claw game with XXX movies....recipe for awesome fun!  Do not go to Kat's in a dressy outfit.  This place is all flip flops, jeans, tshirt. If you prefer the snobby Scottsdale scene, do not go to Kat's.  They don't want you there anyways.Be prepared to sing your heart out without feeling judged or made fun of....this place will love you no matter what.My kind of place indeed.  I will be back and hopefully Frank the Tank will remember me!
5	Kat's is easily the greatest dive bar in all of phoenix. Have marilyn make you a few cunts, and you will agree.
1	wow. horrible experience here.  "Tina" the bartender, rude, confrontational, a little bit scary.  sad, since we've been coming here for karaoke a lot recently, and its always been great,  until tonight.  we will be reversing the charges on our card and never returning.
