5	Love the remodel and the stylist are great
5	I have been going to The Untouchables Hair Design for over 20 years.  I have always left feeling more beautiful and excited about my new hair style.  I love the fact that Mary G. cuts with detail and takes her time.  I can grow my hair out and the cut still looks amazing! The overall experience is fun!  I have met some wonderful people at the salon and enjoy visiting. It is truly understandable why Mary has a strong and loyal clientele list.   I would also like to give a shout out to Tony.  He did my make up, and I got even more compliments that day...I LOVE IT!!!    I am looking forward to my next appointment!!!  Alma
5	Mary is an artist in hair design and coloring.  She is a sculptress and she has a wonderful sense of style when she suggests the hairstyle for you.  I have been going to the salon for approx 4 years - she is fun, considerate, and compassionate.  Give it a try!
4	Was in Vegas in a layover and desperately needed my color refreshed, Tony did an amazing job. Mary and he were very professional and I'm definitely pleased with the results. Such an unexpected spot for a welcoming salon.
5	Mary is awesome. I wouldn't go anywhere else. She is great with color and I have always wanted extensions. Finally did it and she exceeded my expectations. She did my dads hair too and she did a great job. :)
5	Mary was absolutely wonderful! The salon is chic and stylish and she was great with my extensions. My new fave place!
5	Love the atmosphere in the salon and the detailed work Mary does.  Her knowledge and experience as a stylist is obvious.  Great Experience!!!
5	I had my hair and makeup done here for my wedding day. Mary (the head stylist), is a great communicator and took my vision and made it a reality. We had all my girls done up at the salon, too. They set up some champagne and fresh juice and strawberries for us to enjoy. I think all of our girls had a blast. The stylists there were very down to earth and the atmosphere was great. They made all of us look awesome and I would highly recommend them for any occasion.
5	Chelsea is seriously the best hairdresser I have ever gone too!! Chelsea is beyond talented!!!
4	Living in California, my family and I frequent Vegas often. I have had unruly, coarse hair all my life. There are not enough treatments in the world that can seem to get brilliant, smooth, shiny locks like a blowout does. I have become a fan of any blowout bar wherever I travel to becuase I just don't want to deal with it. I called and Mary answered and was very polite and welcoming. Chelsea is the girl who styled me and she was so sweet and really made me look. I love how they have the wash bowl right in front of you and use Moroccanoil products. I will definitely return.
5	Nice little salon with a great welcoming atmosphere!  Stylish stylists with a hip approach to customer wants and needs! Chelsea McCabe has great experience under her belt. Ive seen her work! She installed weft, sew in extensions on me, and they look great! Very natural and comfortable. I'd definitely recommend this salon to anyone in the area. Not a bad location!  Come see them!
5	Chelsea is Amazing! She did my hair and trial run for my wedding day! I couldn't have been happier! She did a beautiful job! My hair stayed in place all day and even the next morning! I had no idea what I wanted, and she went for it! Thank you Chelsea for making my hair fantastic on my wedding day!
5	So happy to find this little gem off the strip. Chelsea was able to get me in right away. She was professional and took her time to wash and blow dry my crazy hair. The shop is charming and comfortable. Highly recommend this place and Chelsea!
5	I love the atmosphere and the service.
5	Chelsea did two men's cuts for my family. One trendy/dapper style and one short faux hawk. She did a great job! Highly recommended.
5	I have had natural hair my entire life. I have colored it on occasion, but I am fairly devoted to a natural look. Unfortunately my hair has almost never been able to grow past my shoulders. Chelsea has done my hair a few times...and she insisted on these tape extensions. I opposed. I opposed a few times. Because, why would I want to look like I have fake hair?? That looks tacky. HOWEVER, after seeing a few of her previous extension clients in her "look book"  with these extensions, I finally caved. And let ME tell YOU. My confidence has never ever been better. I am not one to let vanity get the best of me, but DANG. Nobody even questions whether my hair belongs to me or not. Constantly, I am getting complimented on my hair. And now I BRAG about it being fake, because it is so impressive. This is not an exaggeration, I swear...but I have literally not paid for a drink since I got these extensions. It wasn't a long process at all, but I feel like I lost 15 lbs and got a full make over. I may actually be prettier, hard to say... At any rate, I will be continuing this look for a long while. My head doesn't feel heavy, it is easy to brush, it is easy to style. Even though I am incredibly low maintenance and lazy with my hair, I find it enjoyable to style it. Even my messy bun is more impressive! I'm hooked. Thank you so much Chelsea! I highly recommend giving these things a shot. Unless you don't like compliments all day, or feeling like a land mermaid. Then maybe don't do it.
5	This salon is awesome. It is small, adorable and very comfortable. The stylists are all absolute artists. Hailey is new there. I had her cut and color my hair and it looks and feels wonderful. She takes her time and makes sure that everything is perfect. I will be a regular.
5	Chelsea has been cutting my hair since I moved to Vegas . I highly recommend her to anyone . She can so anything and everything from men's hair to women's extensions.
5	Great hair shop.  I was so happy and still happy I had my hair, colored, streaked, and cut there.  Chelsea did an excellent job in giving my face the right color and cut, even though I wasn't sure how to explain it exactly.  I love what she did.  Highly recommend this place.
5	I never considered myself the kind of girl that would wear hair extensions, but I really wanted longer hair and didn't want to wait years for it. After talking to Mary about the hair, I decided to give them a try. I can't believe how much I love the extensions! You forget it's not your hair about an hour after they are added. Over the weekend I upgraded to longer hair -- I was so happy the salon had my color and length in stock because it was a last minute decision.
4	I was very hesitant to try somewhere new because my friend always cuts my hair out of her house. When I was running into scheduling obstacles and could not find a time to meet with my girl I decided I needed to find more reliable options. Found Untouchables on here (yelp of course) & I couldn't help but to be influenced by the reviews. It was easy to make a next day appointment in which I was paired with Sam. Sam trimmed my hair, layered it, & gave me cutesy bangs for my birthday. She was amazing & I went in there not knowing what to expect. She impressed me & I definitely plan on visiting her again. The shop itself is very cute. Small business, quaint, & very inviting. Highly recommended to anyone who is looking for a new-do in the central LV area. My trim was about $45 but the quality was worth every dollar.
5	I was in Vegas for a wedding in November and came here based on the Yelp reviews...I'm so glad I did, what a great salon!  The staff were so friendly and Mary was wonderful, very relaxed and approachable.  She gave me an amazing haircut and some great tips for colour.  Prices were very reasonable  and the salon was only a 10 minute cab ride from the MGM Signature.  (It's actually a pretty quick walk from the monorail station too.).  I highly recommend and hope to return in the not too distant future (is "I need my hair done" a good excuse for a trip to Vegas?  Yes, I believe it is!)
