5	Simply put, a great hotel just like any other Homewood Suites.Homey rooms, kitchen, clean accommodations, hot, tasty breakfast, nice pool/spa, barbecue outside, tasty stuff at Managers' reception, friendly staff and nice location. Pretty much everything anyone could want in a hotel. And trust me, it really does feel like home. If we're stayin at any other hotel, its referred to as "hotel", but anytime we stay here, we naturally call it "home".Way to go!Another fine review by S.G.Whoop, whoop, whoop!
5	Being a local and having lots of friends and family come to town, I always lean on the Homewood Suites as my prefered hotel to house them at. Everything from the front desk staff to the housekeepers to the managers reception during the evenings on weekdays is nothing short of superb in my humble opinion. If you need a place to stay off the strip and want great service with a nice clean large room, the Homewood Suites Henderson is the place to be!
5	I am staying here while on a business trip and my experience so far has been exceptional. Everyone has been very helpful and solicitous. The place is clean and the rooms are spacious. We are also using the little known 5th floor as our meeting place and it is GORGEOUS. I highly recommend this hotel.
5	If your business takes you to the Henderson area, this is definitely a great place to stay.  Everyone at the hotel was friendly and helpful - really upbeat customer service.  My room was perfect, business friendly and quiet at night.  An added benefit, I had a great view of the Strip (in the distance).
4	really really nice place to stay kinda small kitchen area tho. really good hot breakfast. instead of just contintental like most places
5	I really enjoyed my stay here at Homewood Suites-- the breakfast surprised me, you know, when alot of places say "free breakfast', it's that stale danish in a bag and coffee.  Not this place! They had eggs, sausage and hash browns each day of our stay (varying meats) and oatmeal, bagels, hard boiled eggs, etc.-- the staff was really nice and the room was really clean and updated.The bathroom had granite countertops and we were surprised as well with a little kitchenette and full sized refrigerator, which made our stay easier, since we could store our leftovers!Hilton offers free Wi-Fi as well, and they have a nice pool on top of it. If we ever come this way again, for sure we are staying here! Oh and by the way, down the street, you have to try Island Sushi and Grill (check Yelp)-- the best Hawaiian bento and AYCE sushi!
4	I was booked at the Green Valley Ranch and arrived to find them overbooked. So with appropriate apologies and recompense, they put me up at this place for the evening. The accommodations seemed nice, but plain, and the front desk staff was helpful and friendly. No resort amenities here though, and I had to walk across the street to get dinner because this place had neither a restaurant nor room service. They did have free wi-fi, which was nice. The free breakfast was fine, but nothing special. I think maybe if I'd been staying longer, I would have appreciated the suite aspect more, and if I'd been paying, I might have (known and) appreciated the low price.
5	Excellent rooms, great service and awesome ratesThe rooms are very comfy and very clean, you feel right at home, it helps that they provide a full kitchen, with pots and pans, cups and bowls and spoons and forks, microwave, toaster and coffee maker, and of course a full size fridge.We stayed in a 2 room suite and I still cannot believe how cool it was for the price I paid.You get breakfast included and it was surprising to me how they offer such great things, not even close to the "continental" breakfasts you get at many hotels, I love this place, I will be staying here every time I come to Las VegasAlso it's only a 10 min drive to the Vegas Strip so I didn't mind that at all.
4	Much nicer than I expected! Honestly my first thought when I entered my room was "I could live here".I recently stayed 2 nights (Fri and Sat). My two-room suite was quiet, clean, large and comfortable. Sure this hotel does the basics well (free wi-fi and wired Internet; complimentary breakfast is way above average; friendly and helpful front desk staff; plenty of free parking; new comfortable furniture). But also there are many nice little touches that stand out for me, things many other hotels do wrong such as: - the shower has high nozzle and non-slip floor - fully equipped kitchen with burners, dishwasher, microwave, refrigerator - door to seal off bedroom from the rest of the suite - two large flat-screen TVs (one in bedroom one in living room)Overall this hotel is a really good value.
1	Wow, this was the WORST stay at the Homewood Suites that we've ever had!We have stayed, and recommend staying at other Homewood suite locations from San Diego to Bakersfield, we even had a family reunion at another location.  But THIS location---FAIL.  We checked in about 11pm after having reserved the room via telephone the week prior.  We explicitly requested a ONE BEDROOM suite, as we had our  children with us.  Upon checking in, of course as hotel staff's default statement goes, "Sorry, we had you booked with a "suite" and not a one bedroom suite, and we are all booked" -- Right.  Of course the consumer knows this means "screw you, we gave your room away to someone that got here with the loot earlier."  So we get the freakin key to room 105 (handicap room), grab a bunch of stuff out of the car into the cold, dark night, and attempt to enter through the nearest outside entrance but the key won't unlock the doors.  What? GRRR!  Husband ran back to the front desk and was told "you can't access the hotel from the outside until you check into your room first." LOL!  RIGHT? How much sense does that make? Oh, by the way, this isn't the first time we've stayed at the Homewood Suites, so come up with something better than that!  Long story short, we found the room to appear like a "Crash-Pad" for God knows who? maybe employees?  Because there was HAIR in the shower drain, HAIR on the floor in the bathroom and a huge STAIN in the bedsheets YUKKKKK!  We ended up calling them 5 times that night to remedy all the issues including the heating system. With all the places to stay in Vegas, we really picked a winner this time. When we checked out, we were told to speak to some manager guy, who listened to me with a "smug" grin as if he was thinking "Lady, I've heard it all, you ain't gettin' no discount on this here room".  I didn't WANT a discount, what I wanted at that point was the hour and a half of my nights sleep back that I had to lose from calling them over and over about issues with that crappy room. I will follow up with the District Manager about this location because something fishy is going on with that room.  By comparison, the food quality wasn't even the same so never again will we stay, or recommend stay at this location.Booo Homewood, you let us down!Yelp yourself!
5	We stayed at this hotel for a girls trip and it was perfect! Everette checked us in and he was very helpful and nice. We got to use the hot tub and pool, which we like. Also the rooms were spacious and very clean! We did use the hotel shuttle to the airport and then took a taxi to the strip, which was very affordable. Also the beds were really comfy and quiet, I would love to stay at this property again!
4	We came here several weeks back to hang out with friends and enjoy Las Vegas. That particular week everything was booked on the strip unless we were willing to pay top dollar to check out Nascar that weekend. Since everyone was on a budget someone found this place off the strip. It was actually quite far from the strip but we were all pretty laid back and there were no real special plans other than dinner plans, maybe a show if we could get it for cheap. The Homewood offered free breakfast between 6am and 9am which was fine by me.  I mean don't expect to much from it cause it isn't fancy by any means. Actually it's Denny's quality if you know what I mean. Your rooms have a small kitchen and living room and a door to your bedroom. it's a place to stay if you are gonna be in Vegas for like a week or two. You have that option of cooking in your suite. We didn't really check out the pool and other amenities that they offered but we'll probably come again.
5	Hotel is amazing 5 star service.  The rooms are bigger than my 1st apartment and they have a full size refrigerator in the roomy kitchen.  Very comfortable beds and a large soaking tub.  (Believe me I needed this after spending 8 days rafting and camping out in the Grand Canyon) Complimentary dinners Mon-Thurs and close proximity to my favorite restaurant the Cheesecake Factory.  What more can a weary girl ask for?
3	Checkin process was quick and easy. Lobby was lovely enough and clean. We got to our one bedroom suite late Friday (11:00) but upon setting up the pull-out, we found there were no extra sheets. We called down for some to be sent up. They told us they were doing laundry and would bring some up when they could. We knew they never would just by that answer so we pulled our extra top sheet and blanket off our bed to accommodate the kids. Sure enough, sheets were never brought. On a positive note, I felt the room was clean and comfortable. We had a handicap room so the shower had an extra seat in it which made showering a little awkward. The a.m continental breakfast was just ok. We got down there around 9:15, prime Sunday a.m rush only to find the hot food to have tasted like it had been sitting out for quite awhile. At checkout, we told them about our sheet incident and they took 20$ off our bill without hesitation. I would also like to say, they spent 15 min the night we checked in, looking for a toothbrush for me!!
4	Very clean and conveniently located by EVERYTHING. Our room was a one bedroom king suite. Had everything you could possibly need including a dishwasher.  Maybe 2 complimentary bottled waters or a PUR filter pitcher in the kitchenette would be a nice touch. They even had a grocery service if needed. You make the list they deliver it. Pool was very clean, they even had BBQ pits available. Only downfall is the pool is located in the center of the buildings so if you expect to layout and tan after 3pm you can't. Free breakfast was good, better than most places with free breakfast. Hot eggs with sausage and hash browns. Waffles, bagels, cereal, and oatmeal. Only one suggestion, more toasters please. The shop has moderately priced items if you've forgotten anything. Staff was ok. I took away 1 star as they could use a little work in that area. When I called 2 different times. Both times I was simply hung up on. I also called the same day as we were arriving a couple hours earlier than expected. I asked if there was anything they could do as it was a 10hr drive with kids. They said we could check in 1hr early. Stalled as long as we could to arrive at 2pm only to wait an hour in the parking lot. :-( otherwise I would recommend this place as a perfect off the strip hotel for families.
1	The worst Hilton we have ever stayed at. Do not stay here thinking that there breakfast is like any other Hilton's. We went to breakfast at 9:15 on a Sunday morning and they were out of food plates and silverware. And never brought out anything. They tables were all dirty. They didn't wipe any down. The staff was rude. When i and other guests asked at 9:30 if they were going to bring out more food they said they said no because they get done at 10:00. I had toast and coffee.
5	A++++++  Exceptional rooms, exceptional service, exceptional location.They offer complimentary shuttles to airport and to local casinos.  The complimentary breakfast has it all!  The staff is extremely friendly and always accomodating.  We had a family reunion and 90th birthday party in one of their banquet rooms and we couldn't have found a better place.Jean Lee, the events coordinator was the best!  The beds are beyond comfortable and the full kitchens in every room make this a perfect place to stay!  The hotel is also convenient to numerous restaurants and markets.  Oh..and they even have free wifi!  Don't hesitate to stay and this hotel or to plan an event here.
