4	Elaine's Vintage Clothes is a genuine little vintage shop selling clothing from the 1900s right up to the 1970s. Everything in the store is a little unusual and some of it even verges on unwearable but in a completely fabulous way! I believe that the items which Elaine sells are intended to be the show stopping main feature of your outfit with everything else your wearing fading into the background in order to showcase your unusual vintage find! I'm talking fabulous ball gowns, morning jackets and feather boas which only the very adventurous could pull off. Elaine really knows her stuff as well and always has an interesting story about any item you purchase. If you are looking for something delightfully quirky and even a little bizarre then head to Elaine's Vintage Clothes.
5	Elaine's is very different from the mainstream vintage movement that seems to be happening everywhere now, and this is evident as soon as you enter her emporium of classic and one off items. As I walked in I met a woman trying on a floral pinafore dress, very on trend, who straight away asked me what I thought. I replied that with some good accessorising and high heels, I thought the dress would look hot. I blethered away with her for ages, realising she was the owner of the shop, and said I was feeling jaded with the high street, and was hoping to get lucky with some vintage, as I was on the hunt for a dress for a wedding, and was in fear of the dreaded moment when you walk in preened to perfection and find that someone has the same outfit as you. Elaine immediately got to work personal shopping for me, sifting through rails, holding up patterns and sizes against me, and giving me truthful, much appreciated opinions when I started to try the dresses on. I love an honest shop owner, as there's nothing worse than someone telling you that you look gorgeous, when you know fine well that tight bit of Lycra around your tummy is not in the least bit flattering. The trying on process itself was a joy, as I got changed behind an old fashioned screen with copies of Vogue from back in the day piled up inside, and other pieces of nostalgia pinned onto the walls for my perusal. Eventually, after much twirling in front of the mirror, I went for a vintage Chloe dress, very reasonably priced, and a bright green one off dress from a Finnish designer. That old school feel of shopping at Elaine's, where the owner really cares about interacting with the customer, while getting to know you and using their love of the clothing to help you find what suits, really shone through here, and far transcends the typical high street shopping scenario, as there is actually some value attached to the experience of buying vintage clothes. I thought Elaine, and her carefully selected assortment of collectable and unique garments were just fabulous, and I will absolutely be returning here, in the hope of attaining some more beautiful apparel.
4	I was so surprised to find Elaine's vintage offerings peeking out of this street in Stock Bridge. I had never heard of this place - probably because it doesn't bend over backwards to sell itself to the commercial, niche market for retro clothing. So stumbling upon it became even more of a treat!Specialising in era's up to the 70s, you get the impression Elaine seeks out only the best garments. In pristine condition, there is a good selection of mod dresses, tea party frocks, pinny's, bags and lovely shirts for guys. As Cheryl said the woman who owns the store is incredibly complimentary, making her a great saleswoman as you simply can't resist buying something. After hearing a number of good things about the 60s floral print skirt I tried on, I had to buy it! It just had to be done.Every item of clothing in here is in fantastic condition and the owner certainly knows her stuff. The designs she chooses to stock are everlasting, timeless classics to fit in wardrobes of all generations. Marching to the beat of its own drum, Elaine's is truly a wonderful wee vintage emporium.
