3	My Escape needed it's 40,000 mile maintenance, so I decided to take it in yesterday. I prefer to have my car serviced at a dealer, and since this is the most convenient Ford dealer to me, I ended up at Five Star. My husband had taken my car there previously and had no complaints.I scheduled an appointment online...big mistake. I thought a 4 pm appointment would be perfect, especially after looking at what is done at a 40K maintenance appointment. Boy was I wrong. I arrived at the dealer (it was a bit confusing about where to go to actually get to the service area) and was told that the car would have to stay overnight because there is no way it would be done before they closed. Oh, and I found out the service area closes at 5 pm! 5 pm??? Are you kidding me? Maybe I was spoiled, but the Ford dealer I went to back in Columbus was open until midnight during the week for service appointments!Seeing as how leaving my car was not going to do, I was told I could go to another part of the dealership to see if the Quik Lane could handle my maintenance needs. No appointment necessary for Quik Lane, and they were able to get me right in. About thirty-five minutes and $31.44 later, I had a car that had a multi-point inspection performed, oil change, and fluids topped off. I am still baffled why the regular service area couldn't handle this, especially as I had an appointment, but c'est la vie. Next time my car needs to be serviced, I am only going to the Quik Lane at Five Star. Service was nice, prompt, and not at all expensive.
2	We came to look at 3 different vehicles.  One being a car my husband announced he would never drive, much less buy.  Okay then, expect a much larger car payment dude.  The second vehicle was out of stock.  So we looked at the third.Salesman was supposedly a retired Jersey cop...gruff I guess you could say.  Tried to tell me I wouldn't want the vehicle they didn't have...uh, look out front, I'm driving one.  Pulled all the usual stops like asking me what kind of payment I was looking for, etc.  I especially liked that he lit a cigarette in front of us outside.But my favorite part, worthy of an extra star was this:Him:  "So what else are you looking at?"Me:  "a Volkswagen"Him:  "Oh God (grabs his face in his hands), why the hell would you want that?  Those people can't even fight a war."
3	I stand by my 2-star review of sales, but am averaging it with a 4-star review of the collision center.  When my husband's parked car collided with a moving tree, Five Star Ford was convenient and happened to be one of the preferred collision centers for our insurance, meaning they warranty the work for life.  Whose life they didn't specify, however.Since this tree happened to hit every part of the car excepting the driver's side, there were brush marks everywhere.  The insurance had authorized and paid a buff and polish to start with, but Five Star handled the insurance when additional work was required.My only complaint is the 5-8 business day time-frame we were quoted up front.  Pretty excessive in my opinion.  It would be nice if you could bring the car in the day they would start work, and it would be worked on continuously until completed.  But that makes too much sense I guess.
5	I returned from a biz trip to PHX and my 2002 Ford Expedition would not start due to a bad battery, so after getting a jump, I brought it it Five Star Ford. They are close to my office in the SkySong Center.  They replaced the battery and tested the system. I received a call at 3:00 PM letting me know the vehicle was ready. When I got there, the service cashier was delightfully friendly. When my Expedition was bought up to the cashier's area, I was pleasantly surprised to see they had washed and vacuumed my expedition. The experience the Five Star Ford team delivered, along with flawless repair services completed an hour before they had been scheduled to finish make this dealer a "Five Star" in my book!
1	Is there a negative star option?Was looking for an Expedition that was a couple of years old when my wife was pregnant with our second child, found a perfect one at (negative) Five Star Ford. Went down there to take a look at it, drove it a bit, the salesman was perfectly nice. Noticed that the sticker price was about $4k more than the price online, but as I was just browsing didn't say anything at that time. Did ask about my trade and what they could give me for it, he (of course) said they could make it work. He pointed out the owner, who was walking through, and mentioned something about that being the only "family-owned" Ford dealership in Arizona or something like that  - we talked about some of the new models that were just out, had some nice "car guy" conversation. I let him know I liked it and would be back with my wife in a day or two. Went back the next day with my wife and asked for the same salesman, ready to purchase. I had my own financing together and had printed out the eBay listing of the truck. I had research from Edmunds.com re: true market value of both the Expedition and my trade. First round, he came in with the sticker price (remember, $4k more than the online listing) and a REALLY low offer for the trade - I mentioned eBay, he played dumb. I pulled out the listing I had printed out, he continued to play dumb and even checked the printout to "be sure it was the same VIN." Really? You don't know that one of the cars on the lot you sell from is listed online? Give me a break.Second round: he came back at the eBay price, but with add-ons and the same low-ball offer for the trade. I asked if they could work with me on the trade (as he had said only the day before) and offered a number I was more comfortable with (after all, this is negotiation) - he said "can't do that," grabbed the paperwork, spun in his chair, threw the paperwork into a file drawer, and got up and walked away.We were stunned. He didn't have the paperwork, so he wasn't still negotiating with us. But he didn't say we were done. We were just kind of flabbergasted, sitting there. I looked at my wife, and after a minute or two we just shrugged our shoulders and got up. Walked outside, and he was on his cell phone smoking a cigarette. I said "have a nice day" to him, because to be honest I was still kind of in shock that all that had really happened - and he kind of grunted at me (apparently I was interrupting his conversation).Wow.The customer service people left me a message a few days later, and I called them back eager to let them know how we were treated. I had to leave a message, and they never called me back. So here I am, letting Yelpers know about my experience with them.One last side note, make of it whatever you will - the salesman was very nice and accommodating that first day when I was alone.  When I went back with my wife, the treatment was completely different. I am white and my wife is black. Like I said, make of that what you will.BTW, about a month after our experience with (negative) Five Star Ford, we found the same year Expedition with less miles and all the same options (except sunroof) from a private owner, and ended up paying less than even (negative) Five Star's eBay listing on the one that we were interested in. Lesson learned - I will NEVER find myself there again - we have a Ford, and it is literally five minutes away from our house, but even with some positive reviews of their parts and service departments I will NEVER use them.
