5	Recently had a screw in my tire.  Discount tire removed and plugged the tire for free.  Then, purchased two new tires for my wife's car.  Service was superior and the price was reasonable.  Will visit there again.
4	I got there when they opened.  I was in and out in less than an hour.  No complaints there.  However, I was surprise by the price.  2 tires cost about $210 but tacking on "this and that" my total came out to $300+.  I probably should've reviewed the charges more but I was really surprised by this.  I blame myself for that.  Trust but verify.
2	Good place to buy tires. Average pricing nice facilities. They have replaced 2 valve stems for me for free and located a problem I had with one of my wheels for free as well which I appreciated. My problem with them is that upon finding the problem with my wheel although initially trying to help just turned into a sales pitch. Every time I am there they try and push me into buying a set of Koenig wheels that I have repeatedly expressed no interest in purchasing. Once they found the problem with my wheel that really set them off to try and sell me these wheels. I told them I would deal with it and possibly fix it myself multiple times to no avail. They kept trying to sell me wheels that I didn't want for about 30 minutes, and didn't really want to hand me my keys as they now deemed my car a safety hazard.  (My wheel had a very small leak, not a major safety issue)Long story short. If you find a set of Koenigs you can't live with out go here. Otherwise. There are many other places with about the same pricing that I'm sure will take care of you about the same.
4	Accommodated me after my flat at the AZ/ Cali border.  I needed to be in Glendale by 5 pm, and it was almost 4.  They assured me they could get me in/ out and on the road quickly.  They did!My flat was damaged, and rather than have them fix it (and felt unsafe to drive back to Cali) I told them to just sell me 2 new tires. They had the same make/ model as my jeep and $300 later, I was out the door with 2 new tires in 39 minutes.I could have shopped around, or even gone bargain basement. I felt the amount was fair, and the time they did it was priceless.No complaints
5	Best service ever. Rotation of tires free if purchased there. First time I have ever seen a torque wrench used to assure lug nuts are appropriately fastened.   Won't go anywhere else for tires.
5	Came in for a flat repair left with 4 new tires and got 2 tires for free . Thea really helped me out on the price ! Very satisfied
5	This morning I was in for what I thought was a nail in my tire. Turns out I had a hole and the other tire needed to be replaced as well. Cory was a life saver. He was compassionate and understanding and helped me find a solution. It was an extremely humbling experience. I will never go anywhere else for tires after my experience today. And it wasn't even the first time I have had wonderful experiences with them this one just happens to take the cake.
5	I have been going to discount tire for about twenty years and have always had excellent service. Unfortunately, on one visit to this location my service was not what it should have been. I reached out to discount to tell them about my less than excellent service. I was quickly contacted by Tony the store manager. Tony and Gregg have gone out of their way to solve my issues. I am always going to be a loyal customer.
5	Extremely good experience this week.  Went to Fletchers on Watson to get an opinion on some boat trailer tires.  Asst Mgr was so rude I just left.  Went into Discount Tire on Watson and I was the 3rd person in line yet they all said hello and one of them offered me a water.  When it was my turn they full explained my boat tire situation and completed the work as promised in a timely manner.  Great job guys.
1	I have been a lifelong customer of Discount Tire, but I'm not anymore. This morning, (7-16-14) I had new tires put on my wife's car. When I left I noticed I had a tire pressure sensor light on my car. I went back and was informed that I had a cracked tire pressure monitor but it should be OK. I then said it's not OK the light is on. We bought this car brand new in 2011. It has never had a flat tire. The only tires put on it were put on at Discount Tire. This was the second set. The tire pressure monitor is inside the tire / wheel. There's only one way to get to it and that's by removing the tire, which makes it rather obvious as to how it got broken. It had to have been broken when the tire was being mounted or dismounted. Discount Tire was unwilling to admit fault and said the best they could do in this situation was to ONLY charge me half-price for the sensor, which came out to $32.50. I feel I have been made to pay for their mistake and I'm not at all happy about it.. I hope they are happy losing a lifelong customer who has spent thousands of dollars there over a mistake they should have fixed without even telling me about. They knew they broke it, they should have just manned up and taken care of it. I will NEVER go back.
5	Professional and friendly service Rudy  helped me and went above and beyond all expectations Higly recommend this place 2 thumbs up!!
