4	A cute little botique that features trends that are in right this second.  Lots of fun trinkets and cute unique clothes.  Funky, fun and Kitson-esque.
1	$125 for a used concert tee with rhinestones on it????  This place is soooo 1998.  The owner is snobby and dresses like she is 19 years old (she is in her late 60s).  Everything is way overpriced and a little slutty.
1	You can find a lot of the fashion forward denim brands that are really hard to find at this store.  However, I really cannot get past the attitude of the sales people.  I have been in this store several times and always walk out a few minutes later feeling like a geeky physics club kid who is trying to crash the coolest party in town.  But if absolutely must deck yourself in rhinestones for a Paris Hilton look-alike contest, this is the place to come.
4	Really cute and unique items in this froo froo shop. When you walk in you will feel like you are floating on a pink cloud away from your troubles, that is until you see a price tag. Very expensive, but at the same time unique clothes and accessories. Staff at this location scared me away with their snobby attitudes, and now I frequent the store at Fashion Square. I was able to snag a adorable blinging Fleur bracelet there that didn't require me to sell my soul. Woohoo!
4	Really, really cute but way overpriced. Love the clothes though.
5	This place is good for what it is. A trendy couture shop. They also have a website so you can buy without going to the over the top store. Its actually pretty entertaining to check the stores out.
2	Ok, lets get something straight.  What is sold at Electric Ladyland is not couture.  Couture pieces are one of a kind garments and most likely hand tailored for you to your measurements.  At the very least it is produced in small quantities.  You usually cannot buy couture off the rack and you certainly can't buy it at a boutique that sells mass produced clothing.  And just because a brand has the word "couture" in the name, does not mean it's couture.  (Juicy, I'm looking at you!)   Christian Lacroix would rather die, I'm sure, than have his amazing works of art sold in a store called "Electric Ladyland".  I went to an art museum to see a couture show once....it was an amazing show and a far cry from the borderline freak show of Electric Ladyland.  Shannon W. painted a grim picture in her review of one of the denim store on Camelback and this store isn't much different.  Thank goodness there was no strobe lighting when I went in.     They have an obscene amount of costume jewelry and I was not impressed with the selection at all.  About 97% of it revolved around fruit pendants which were in style 9 months ago for about two days.  Hardly fashion forward.  They carry some great jewelry designers, such as Gorjana, but they seem to carry the worst part of the collections.  The jewelry is horribly gaudy and you will be hard pressed to find something delicate and lady like.  It hardly matters because they make it near impossible to get to the jewelry as they place tables of clothes around the table that has the jewelry and they piled it all on top of each other as if it was a garage sale.  The necklaces all get tangled, and it's just a mess.  The clothes are ok, like I said they are not couture, and they aren't anything you can't get on shopbop or at Nordstrom.   The denim selection is good but I would highly suggestion going to the Scottsdale Jean Company, Spoken Boutique or even Nordstrom first.   The clothing selection includes a lot of graphic t-shirts and tanks (not my style, I need something, uh, a little more...how do you say....fashion forward?)  and chintzy dresses.  They are lacking in the designers that I often turn to (Velvet, Susana Monaco, Alice and Olivia, Splendid) and really carry quite a limited selection in clothing that isn't casual and basic.  Honestly, I don't see how this store is popular with anyone over the age of 17 that has a sense of style.
1	I'll start by admitting that I'm not the target demographic. Also, I didn't see this place called Ladyland - It looked like it was called Electric Couture. Anyway, they were having some sort of yard sale complete with Wacky Waving Inflatable Arm Flailing Tube Man and a cheap looking vinyl sign crookedly held up with rope. It looked out of place to a humorous degree.We wandered over and browsed the tables a little bit. There were a bunch of clothes out, but none of it really looked like it was on sale. It was as though they thought more people weren't shopping there because they didn't want to go inside with the air conditioning. It was like a tacky bizarre ghetto yard sale for rich idiots with more money than taste or sense.Ok - well, before I get all descriptive and shit - I'll just leave you with this which I hope will explain my low ranking of this store... The first item I picked up to look at was a pair of cheap unbranded knockoff Converse All Stars (likely from China) with skulls painted on them (with a rubber stamp) priced at $250.00. That's two hundred and fifty dollars. This place can suck it.
1	Well, if you love to bedazzle all of your clothes, this store has just saved you hours of studding your jeans. Its very Scottsdale and very  overpriced. Even after spending 45 minutes trying to force myself to love something, I left empty handed and feeling dirty. The worker are over dressed, over bronzed and over worked. It was a nightmare I couldn't wake up from.Maybe this is why they can't keep any of their mall locations open or their Arcadia location a float. Save your house from foreclosue and head to Nordy's.
1	I have never been in a store where the sales people are SO snobby!  And for what?  They are working there, not buying the cheaply made, overpriced stuff in the first place.  I live and shop in Scottsdale and would never consider buying there!  There are too many great shops and nice sales people elsewhere.  I was never thrilled with their selection... it looked too teeny bopperish - not the fashion forward merchandise I'm used to looking for.
