5	I highly recommend REMN for Phoenix area property management needs. I have been their client for years, and they do excellent work. Their professionalism, wisdom, and customer service are both impressive and indispensable to me.
5	REMN are my family's life savers.  After our home burned down, they were able find us an almost perfect fit to rent, at a reasonable rate, that would allow our dogs.  They were very patient and flexible dealing with the hoops that Allstate made them jump.  Since we moved in, they have been very prompt with resolving the little issues that come up like clogged drains and such.  They are professional and always have a smile to offer you.
5	~Managing Your Rightful Property~ So there is this wee bit of a Woman named Jo heading up this company. Do not let that fool You, She is a Powerhouse, with the practicality of Mary Poppins. With the downturn of the economy a few years ago, the quiet little Neighbourhood We had found to rent in (across the way from Amy D), had become so crime-ridden, We began looking for someplace else. In an attempt to find a Home to call Our very Own, We were blessed and given the unique opportunity for a private Loan, after being unable to qualify for a traditional bank Loan. The REMN team gathered all Our suggestions, leads and took off. In no time at all They had Us looking @ the 2400sq. ft. TowneHouse We now call Home.    Sincerely, Robin Ann W, Homeowner  & Dude
1	As a renter I would give - star's if I could!! We had an Emergency after hours of course, faucet broke in the water would not turn off or down or anything it stayed on full blowing hot there's no # to call after hours or for an emergency????  We didn't know what to do call an out side source or what since this being the first time anything like this had ever happened and not knowing how to fix it our selves?.... It was getting really late and we tried to get it to stop no go so we left it on and tried going to sleep despite the noise of running water...Sigh and hoping everything would be okay in the morning, Right at 9 o'clock when they open I called hoping to get ahold of somebody to get HELP out but nobody answered so I left a message explaining the severity of the situation and how we had full blown hot water gushing out of the faucet!!!...... A little bit of time went by and I haven't heard anything??? Back so I called again and of course nobody answered AGAIN!!! TRIED a few more times throughout the day still nobody answered and no one bothered to call me back??? We finally called somebody else and had somebody else come do it its been a week now and I still haven't heard anything from the management company????? EXTREMELY Poor Management If you ask me,   Completely disappointed!! And the kicker was the faucet was acting up just over a month prior to all of this not to the extent it was just in tho, so their sent someone to  come look at it and they never bothered to come back to do the work?? So it just got worse and worse and then just totally Broke!! Even with minor things in the past you can't ever get ahold of them and they are snail slow to get get back to you or to get started on the job, So if your looking for someone to manage your property or if your going to rent from them please keep this in mind!!
