1	First experience was great! When I went back to use the other spray tan on my groupon I was told I didn't have it because I used it on a tanning bed which I was told that I was allowed a week free of tanning and I could use the higher level bed for free. Girl seemed like she knew what she was doing and was very helpful. Due to me being told on my first visit I have one more spray tan I drove all the way to that location to use it. The girl was very nice and called her manager to get approval for me to tan since I was misinformed and you won't believe this but the manager wanted me to pay for it!! So her employee makes a mistake and I have to pay for it! Ridiculous!!! Since when do you not take care of customers?? Well I will NEVER go back there just because the manager does not know how customer service works. I am in executive management and in charge of over 1000 employees for customer service and this is the exact opposite of how you take care of a customer.
4	This is my favorite location. I have been attending this location on a bi-weekly schedule for the last year. I honestly can say that they must have the highest turn-over of any Las Vegas business! I have only seen one girl working here more than once. Strange! Although we have had out ups and downs, overall I think I have gotten a nice spray tan from this location. I never have had an streaks and it is always clean. As far as the downs, there was one time the spray tan was broken. My only complaint?? It feels like it is about 50 degrees in this place! Sadly, this is one of the few places with the spray tan heater so I always have to pray for the naked time to go by quickly. I have used a few of the beds. They are all easy to use and they are always clean.
5	I am a first time tanning customer. Robin referred me to Body Heat, and was great at explaining the packages, lotions and the cost. She got me signed up in less than 5 minutes! She has been a great help with showing me how to use the tanning beds and the length of time to start and to work up to. I don't even have to say my name now when I walk in, she already knows my name, what I bed I use, and for how long! And lets me know when to bump up a minute of tanning. I have heard other customers speak highly of her as well. Great customer service!! Very clean always!
