3	Some like it hot. And so do I. But Los Dos Molinos wasn't hot, at least not for me. I have heard for years how good and how hot it was, so my expectations were high.The restaurant is kind of small, with tables in the bar area (no booths) and patio seating. It is decorated southwestern, rich pastel colored paintings, animal skins and Indigenous weaponry. The menu is traditional Mexican, enchiladas, tacos, etc. We were seated quickly and served chips and salsa, one red and one green. The red a little spicier than the green. Our meals came quickly. The beans are refried with whole beans, not as pasty as what I am used to, but good. The rice was almost a little crispy, like it had been baked or heated in the oven, and also good. The main courses were good, too. Not great, but good.I can have good Mexican food a lot of places and for a lot less than $40 for two people (dinner, drinks, tip). And I am still wondering what about Los Dos Molinos is so hot. I guess I missed it.
3	Some like it mild.  If so, they should come to this location of Los Dos.  I tried this Los Dos recently for the first time, and all I can say is that is was mellow.  No wait on a Friday night and we had over 20 people.  Crazy.  Another thing that was mellow was the heat.  I had been talking up how hot Los Dos is to the newcomers and warning them about how spicy certain dishes are (the Adovada ribs in particular), and nothing was hot.  Well, the salsa was pretty warm (and actually quite tasty), but all of our dishes were not spicy at all...adovada ribs, Victoria's chili chicken, nothing.  It was kind of a bummer.  Maybe since this location is new, it is still working out the kinks, but they need to work on the heat level if they are going to call it a Los Dos.  That said, I enjoyed the new location (right on the light rail), and I look forward to hopping on the light rail and heading down there in the future, but they need to spice things up a bit first.  For now, I am going to head back to Central...where it is never mellow.
4	I like this Los Dos Molinos because you still get the amazing food, without the wait. It's a more relaxed setting (although for me half the fun of going to Los Dos on Central is the ambiance) but that is somewhat reflected in the service which can be less than stellar. Still, I don't think there is a better place for Mexican food in the downtown area for sure. The carnitas are perfectly cooked & tender, the tortillas are some of the best I've had, and the salsa & sauces will make your mouth want to fall off. All in all, a great Los Dos addition as far as convenience, and the food is just as addicting, but I would head to the Central location for the full experience.
5	Dual review for Mesa and Central Phoenix Locations:I have never noticed a difference in food for either location. Some like it hot is true!!!!I have been on about a six year love affair with the adovada ribs. This is the dish to get here, if you are excited about the the heat, and want something amazing.My wife who is not as into the heat, or meat and has been quite happy with Bean and Cheese Burro, and cheese crisp. Margarita's are good but expensive. We have had many a great evening there drinking and waiting for a table. Central location:Great atmosphere, wonderful area to wait for your table, and you will wait as there is not very much seating inside. Evenings they will open the bar so you can get chips, salsa, and drinks. I think my favorite part is sitting out side and waiting,until I eat the food then the wait does not matter any more.Mesa location: Much bigger, and more seating it is in an auto strip mall, no waits there, however not as nice and welcoming as the central location, in fact they have painted a mural of the central location (I heard it was Tom Mix's house) on the wall inside the Mesa location. The food has always been just as good. However given the option I would drive out to south mountain every time.Great place that we will be going to for many years to come.
4	The salsas(green & red) at Los Dos are the fire!! I haven't found hotter or tastier salsas at any other restaurant. I have frequented the Central Ave location a half dozen times. Really cool atmosphere(rumor says it used to be a mortuary) with the courtyard and the intimate dining area. Just not convenient for me at all. I have only been to the Wash and 10th Street location once but it had the same great salsa and the food is always good. The atmosphere is lacking, but it is a great location to go for dinner before a D-backs or Suns game. Everything I have had is good, but I always end up dumping a bunch of salsa on whatever I order anyway and that makes it pretty great. I find the drinks are a little pricey, I believe I paid $10 bucks for a decent rocks margarita and $12 for a prickly pear margarita for the Mrs. In summation the salsa makes this place a 4-star joint.
3	This location gets three stars and the original location on Central Ave. gets five stars.This place just seemed like a normal "mom and pop" Mexican restaurant.  Salsas were not what I remember them to be.  Food was fine, the red chili pork was not the best i had ever had. The flautas were just  "eh".  Just a regular ol'mexican restaurant in my book.  I go back to the Central location next time and not this one.
2	Where do I begin? Let's start with the server who literally yelled everything he asked or said to us. Oh, and then he rammed a chair into my leg and was just not very concerned about our experience overall.Let's move on to the cheese crisp, which had plenty of grease cascading off the pieces, and virtually no "crisp." Did you put some cheese on a tortilla and microwave it? 'Cause I could have done that at home.Both drinks were quite tasty- my tea was strong like I like it, but not bitter. Hubby's lemonade was very good, but he drank it so fast I didn't get a chance to steal many sips.Let's discuss the entrees, shall we? Hubby's carne adovada chimi was decent, better than my carnitas. In fact, MY carnitas is better. (I keep aiming for Chef Hector's at Sam's...) Yes, the pork was very tender, but the salt was -shall I put it nicely?- aggressive. Sam Kinneson aggressive. The "tortilla" was an inedible science experiment. Thick and doughy, and made even more appetizing by the charred side, it reminded me of the salt play dough we all made as kids, formed into a pancake. Truly nasty.As for the legendary salsas, Hubby found the green to be tasty, but he did not care for the flavor of the red. Neither was especially fiery to him either. Riding on reputation, are we?
4	Edit: You can't beat a good restaurant within walking distance of your home. You also can't beat the fact that this location doesn't have nearly the waits (if any) of it's southside counterpart. The food is excellent, the service is friendly, and it is spiffy clean. I love the green jalapeno/tomatillo salsa and the red chili burro enchilada style, but that is one spicy meal!+1 for being close -1 for the firebomb it leaves in your stomach
4	Fantastic.. This is a great place to get some tasty Mexican food and margaritas. The Prickly Pear Margarita is wonderful, but you have to have a sweet tooth for it, however, their regular lime margaritas are some of the best in town. The Motto of the restaurant is "Some like it hot" and for the most part, you do need to like spicy food to eat here. There are menu items that are low on the spicy side, however the salsas are usually pretty hot. When I say "usually" it means that it isn't always very spicy and this when people can be disappointed in the restaurant. Everything is homemade and made by scratch, which is a good thing but doesn't mean everything is going to be the same. The chili's that they use to make the salsa and sauces etc, are spicy depending on the season. (Just like in the store, you can only really get cherries at certain times). I've found the the summer season, esp. June is when Molinos is at its hottest (ate there a few days ago and had to down 3 huge glasses of water to make it through the meal).  In the winter months things are usually not very hot there.. But still tasty. What I usually get is the Carne Adovada Chimichanga with green chili.. it is to die for, I've gotten it many times and I would have to say its one of the best chimichanga I have ever had. A couple of other items that are good is the blue corn enchiladas with green chill and the carne adovada platter is excellent. The reason Molinos doesn't get five stars is because service can sometime be.. interesting. This one on Washington isn't very busy, however, it seems like there is really only one waiter taking care of the restaurant so it can take time to place orders, but food comes out quickly. The Molinos on Central Ave, there are more servers but it ten times busier and when the servers/hostess gets stressed out they tend to take it out on the costumers.. I had called in to get a table of eight reserved, however, when I got there with five of us and the other three where in the parking lot. I asked for our table and the hostess looked at us and asked for the rest of our party. I  explained that they were on their way in. And she replied well they're not with you, we're giving your table away. My three other people walked in before she finished saying this and she refused to change her mind. I would highly recommend going to the Molinos on Washington instead of Central..
3	After living in Albuquerque for 6 years, I know good chile when I taste it. Los Dos Molinos serves up a damn good green chile. Unfortunately, the food over which the green chile is ladled isn't quite as spectacular. I tried the blue corn enchiladas and, while they were descent, they weren't special.What's more, I was disappointed that the meal ended without a basket of sopapillas on the table. If you're trying to pull off authentic New Mexican cuisine, you had better deliver some sopas with the main course. Sure, I could have spent an extra $6 on their weird sopapilla desserts, but I'm no sucker. If I go back with different (not lower) expectations, Los Dos might get a 4-star rating. The green chile salsa was tasty. Also, I suspect their adovada ribs are worth a try.
4	Me & my bf went here on a friday night, and were seated right away by some "young punk kid." But he was nice enough to give us an extra large bowl of chips, so less "young punk" and more of a "nice young man." We grabbed a pitcher of Dos Equis and ordered. The server was attentive, but not the most charming or friendly. But our orders came out as...well, ordered. I decided on the flautas. I was expecting you average, fried, crispy, tiny flautas. However, the tortillas they used were large and still semi-soft. Quite delicious. I really liked the rice too...they have a hidden taste of chicken added. So I'm sure I will be back considering my love of Mexican foodage, the location, and reasonable price. They are close Sundays and Mondays, I believe.
5	Just ate lunch and fell in love with this place all over again. I haven't been to the one on Central in years and decide to try this one for lunch. It started with me thinking I found the best chips and salsa in town. Then the waiter suggested I try the green chile stew. OMG. It is the best ever. Be prepared for some spicy hot food. Everything was hot but not so hot it took away from the flavor.
5	I cannot come to PHX and not eat here!  the food is to die for and well worth the wait. The service is always excellent and I plan trips from CA just so i can eat here!
4	If you do not beleive in love at first sight how about second chances?With the Aunt and Uncle in town from Alaska I thought I should keep it real in new phoenix fashion by jumping on the lightrail to hit up some delicious Mexican food (both of which you can't ride or eat in AK).   Mind you this was right after this new spot opened.  We waited for almost an hour, were refused drinks from the bar, watched helplessly as tables were left uncleared and were finally shoved into a crappy high top.  I don't think my familia was too impressed.  I wouldn't  have visited that location again if there wasn't so many advocates at  my workplace.In my half a dozen wonderful lunch visits since then, they have delivered the fire!  The service and food (especially the Enchilada dinner for lunch) is unbeaten and food is definitely comparable to its mother resteruant on South Central Ave.So if you like it hot, delicious and real I would highly reccomend this great light rail ride lunch spot!
2	The only thing I will ever remember about this place is the icy customer service and the inflexible menu. I ordered a bean and cheese burrito since I'm a substitute kind of person and on the menu is said "absolutely NO substitutes!" - yikes! So instead of getting $9 out of me they only got $6. But lets talk about this bean and cheese burrito...I was under the impression that a bean and cheese burrito was basically - bean and cheese wrapped up in a warm tortilla and maybe some graded cheese on top. Well, this was not the case! Half way through my burrito I came across shredded beef pieces! I'm not a vegetarian, but if I was I would have had a heart attack! The first thing that came to my mind was "absolutely NO substitutes!" - but does that mean only they can substitute? Or is the cook just going senile? Either way, I didn't like that. Not one bit. I didn't really even want the bean and cheese burrito, I really wanted the taco salad, but I couldn't ask for substitutes so I was forced to pick the plainest thing on the menu and they go and add stuff to it! I did like that they left the water pitcher with us at the table...however, the table they gave us was the smallest table in the room. We barely had room for our plates and utensils, let-alone this big water jug. I felt cramped; and this was emphasized by the guy sitting behind me, because when he scooted his chair back a little bit - it nearly knocked me face first into my plate! Oh, and by the way, large groups: they "absolutely will NOT split checks" so this is not the best place to go Dutch. I will end on a positive note: ....did I mention already that they left water for us to refill our glasses? Oh...I did. Well, I guess I ran out of positives - Sorry.
3	The food is hot, very hot.  The wait is long.
1	I've seen this place from the bus and now the light rail when coming into work for a while now.  Friday, I got stuck working very late, and my boss took me to dinner when we were done with our project as a thank you.She wanted something mexican, and close to the office.  She said that she loved this place, so she took me here.  Walking in, I liked the decore of this place.  Authentic looking, and seemed cute!  Thats where the niceities stop.We walked in and were seated.  The service was absolutely HORRIFIC.  I was blatently ignored, but my boss was waited on as if she were the queen.  I have a theory about why, but I dare not write it down here, for fear of backlash.  I had to scream at the server halfway across the resturant when he refused to take my drink order.  I was astounded!  When he took my order, it was as if he were doing me a favor...horrible.Food was HOT.  So spicy that I was unable to eat it.  Why cant they state that in thier menu?  My  boss thought it was hysterical because I turned 7 shades of red from the spicy-ness.  lol.  Anyways, the next day the food was better from my fridge, I just wasn't expecting a mouth full of spicy hot food.  lol.Anyways, I will not be returning to this craptastic shithole.  Never again.  Service was aweful, and the food was just WAY to spicy for me.  I can get Mexican food just as decent with substantially better service at a spice level I can handle at about a zillion different places in this town.Stay away from this place! Its horrible!
4	One of my regulars. I love the Vera Cruz shrimp. Service is good. Great atmosphere. They lose a star because only one tortillia comes with the meal. If you work downtown PHX and haven't tried this gem... you should.
5	This is for for the central location....I love it!   Everything is HOT, that's no exaggeration.  Flavor has always been great.  The cramped dining room has been an irritant sometimes, the Hostess has not always been that friendly (Chewing on a workers ass, not mine), the waiters get overwhelmed and forget about you at times, but I've never been disappointed with the food.  Never.  If you can handle the hot (snotty nose hot, not Taco Bell hot), and don't expect to be pampered, this place won't disappoint.  The hot is flavorful in a good way for me.  be forewarned, when I say hot, I mean HOT!  Not Taco Bell Fire Sauce hot (Joke), I mean bring milk in your purse HOT!!! And, (fifth star for this) the Chili Relleno!  Best I've ever had.  I have them everywhere I go, and none compare to this place....period.  Hatch chili's, hot as hell, big, the skin is like an omelet, not greasy batter, the sauce is divine.  No place compares so far....but I'll keep searching.
5	If you like it hot and spicy this is the place to start your quest.  After hearing tales about the food , I got to try it out for myself on a visit this past week.  I wasn't disappointed nor was the heat from the menu an exaggeration.  Very very tasty.  Be that as it may if you want a meek or mild meal you won't find it.  This is the kind of Mexican food for people who know the real deal and aren't afraid of it.  I loved the atmosphere, colors abound and are delightfully light and cheerful.  I went with two regulars to the place so I'm not sure if that had any effect on the service or not, but even during a busy weekday lunch hour they managed to give us our due attention.  The portion size was generous so that I we each had enough for another meal to go.  Will I be back? oh yes! you bet I will.  It gets my recommendation and a great rating for authentic Mexican food this side of the boarder.  The one and only odd thing I found, was that they don't do separate checks at a table. I have no idea why? but come on folks that's not even a real issue now is it.
1	Bad food, bad service. So dissapointed. Rude waiter who made us very uncomfortable & rushed us all the way through our meal. The quality of food was very poor. Enhilada dish did not resemble anything close to an enchilada. Chips were stale and dishes were dirty. I will never go here again nor recommend.
2	Ive eaten here for years and before that I ate at the one in Springerville. The food is pretty good but after this weekend I won't be coming back. My kid brother wanted to go here for his birthday with the folks and our kids So 5 adults, and 4 kids. We left out at 4:30 fully anticipating weekend crowds.  They had us wait for 20 Min's then took us back to a table that may seat 4 then when it was obvious we could not seat here the host dipped out Thats right he was gone just left us standing there, I know "family owned" allows for some easement on formalities however that crosses over the line. How about not waste our time? A simple we just can't accommodate you at this time would suffice The host does not have the most. Just simply due to chitty attitude I can spend my dinero somewhere else where they appreciate patronage
3	Some like it hot...Not the best Mexican food that I've had, but I would definitely keep this one on my list.  The menu is very affordable and the food is wicked spicy, both of which I love.  I had the fish taco on  my last visit and loved their seemingly home made tortilla.  The chips and salsa that are placed on the table to begin with are not the best.  The chips could use more salt and the salsa could use a couple variations besides red/green.  Keep in mind...low price point so I'm not too judgmental.
1	We had our company Christmas Party there.  Before closing, the staff turned the lights out over half our table.  The darkness was so overwelming, that we all forgot what we were even talking about.  When we were leaving our ruined party, we spoke to the staff about this.  They responded that "we all have families to go home to."  They don't care about their customers' experiences there.  I will never go there again.  Not even an "I'm sorry!" from them.
3	It was March 17th, St. Patrick's Day. And like every good Irish guy, I decided to wear my pride and do what comes naturally: eat. Only, rather than walk the 3 blocks to Seamus, I instead called in an enchilada order to Los Dos Molinos. And this was after I read some of these reviews. I'm quite daring. You'd think I worked for the IRS.After hearing horror stories about the crazy hot and spicy red chile, I settled on ordering that for my lunch. Apparently, LDM has either tamed down the flame, because I was able to eat the entire meal without incident. Even the following day I wasn't getting afterburners ignited. So much for heat. But, the flavors were good, the price was great, and the adventure of jaywalking across Washington tied the whole experience nicely together. I'm looking forward to actually getting to eat inside this location, and not just rail it to a fro.A solid three stars.
1	It's was quite shocking to me to see a 2009 Yelp Award sitting on the counter-top of this establishment.   The award identified that the restaurant  was awarded #1 Mexican and #1 Bar.  (More on this later)We arrived at this establishment and were seated by a waiter who asked us if we'd like something to drink besides water.  A bit on the rude side but I was willing to let it slide.   We were provided with a small bowl of chips and two salsa varieties.  A green salsa that looked and tasted like jalapeno and green chile swimming in pickle juice.   The red was the more edible of the two but nowhere near "New Mexican."    My roommate and I were hungry and quickly went through the chips.  When my roommate asked for more chips the waiter looked extremely put off by the fact that he was asking and rudely retorted.."that's going to be $1.00 extra." My roommate commented "Wow they really  take their rules seriously here."   This took me back to all the "Don't s" the menu contained.  "No Subsitutions."  "We Don't Split Checks"   "We don't know how to make mild chile."  "One Free Refill."  All that would fall under good customer service is clearly displayed on their menus and at the door as something that they "don't" do.  We got  our food seconds after my roommate requested more chips.  (what a waste of a dollar).  My roommate order a white corn chicken enchilada with green chile.  I ordered the blue corn chicken enchilada with red.  Both my roommate and I are native New Mexicans and know good chile.  Neither the red or green was good.  The red was the more edible of the two.   I don't understand how there are so many reviews on Yelp that say the food is hot or spicy.   The chile is absolutely bland and dull.   I would dare say that they don't even use real New Mexico chile.  I was actually quite impressed with the touch of the fried egg on top of the enchilada.  This was a rather authentic touch.  This is where it all went downhill.  As I dug down I realized that my enchilada consisted of one thick flat electric blue tortilla with chicken and cheese, covered in red "chile" and a fried egg.    The tortilla was clearly not made with real blue corn. It was homemade to their credit but the tortilla was nothing more than an extra thick tortilla made with Maseca and blue food coloring.  I kid not when I say that it looked like something a child would make with blue play dough. The bad service continued throughout the rest of dinner with the wait staff never coming back to make sure everything was alright. NOTHING.  Which leads to my final thoughts going back to why I pointed out that this place actually won a yelp award.  The only thing the staff seemed to do with gusto was serving the Margaritas which they were churning out in pitchers at a furious pace.  I can definitely see how the possibility of them winning #1 bar could happen.  Which leads me to my final thought.   TIPSY bi****es should not be allowed to vote!  For a real New Mexican experience in the Valley of The Sun Visit Si Senor in Chandler.
2	I didn't realize there were two locations. I had loved my visit to the one of Central Ave, so I expected the same when we went here a few weeks ago before a Suns Game. Unfortunately, the service was slow, the very expensive margaritas were made from a big slushy machine and our orders got mixed up with the wrong sauces. I used to say Los Dos was one of my fave mexican restaurants in town. I should amend that to say Los Dos on Central is one of my fave mexican restaurants. And, since its not that close to my home, I'll just keep going to Valle Luna on Bell...where the service and food is great. Maybe not as hot, but much better quality.
2	So...I consulted Yelp on my last visit to Phoenix. I wanted to eat mexican food and the majority of them pointed me here. Sean S was so kind enough to actually meet me out too, so I got to meet a Phoenix yelper in the process!!! I prepared myself for the food to be spicy. The salsas that came out were fairly mouth burning, and I was expecting the green chile to be just as hot. It was definitely hot, but did not make up for the lack of flavor the food it was smothered in. We both ordered the blue corn chicken enchiladas. I don't know-I really expected more from this place.  I live in Denver where we have some amazing green chile and New Mexican style cuisine, so maybe my expectations were set a bit high.All in all..just meh. I'd give it 2.5 stars if I could.  I did like the thick enchilada though. And good company. Margaritas need a bit of work though...lay off the sweet and sour mix!
3	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):8 Food5 *Drinks*8 Service8 Atmosphere7 ValueI thought the food was pretty good.  I love the egg-on-top thing New Mexican restaurants do.  The blue corn tortilla of my enchiladas was thick and good.  But the marg was bad.  Tasted like sweet and sour.  No bite whatsoever, and I'm pretty sure it came out of a machine (rocks), instead of hand made.  Also the salsa wasn't anything special.  It had some nice heat, but just average flavors.
2	I've now been to this location 3 times.  I had previously visited the locations and really enjoyed my meals.Unfortunately, something seems to be missing here at the "downtown" location.The service has been haphazard each time I've gone.  The waitstaff rushes around as if they are swamped even when they're just half full.  One trip we experienced a long wait for a table, though it looked like all that was required was to bus the table of some previously departed customers.The food is a shadow of the meals I've had a the other locations.  Not a horrible version, but nothing that stands out from the myriad of mexican restaurants available here in Phoenix.One trip we had a pitcher of blended margaritas, which tasted watery and bland.  So the next time we ordered individual margaritas, over rocks.  Unfortunately, they too were bland.
2	Why put in a location downtown location and refuse to accomodate the business lunch crowd?  Food is fine but the customer service is lacking.  Our party of 7 was reminded "no separate checks".  So, on the back of a napkin we do our math... Restaurant barely 1/2 full, but it's too much to split a check.  Service abismal.
3	I thought this place was really good! I loved the decor and atmosphere. My girlfriend and I split a margarita pitcher and I thought the margaritas were a bit too sweet. Initially I questioned the alcohol content but after a few glasses I could be sure that they were strong enough. I had the relleno dinner and loved it!! The food here is pretty spicy, but so good that you don't mind torturing yourself a bit. The only thing lacking was the service. There only seemed to be one server but they also weren't busy at all. Also I wish they were open later.
5	Whew! Bring on the ice cream. This is the real deal.We ventured over to this little spot after hearing that this location existed. We had been to the original one a long time ago but we were unaware of this one. The D-Backs were playing and the place was hoppin. We were seated right away and home made chips and fire-roasted salsas immediately followed. We were greeted by the owner Drew and he served us up his own personal creation, pomegranate margaritas. Wonderful.I ordered the Victoria's chicken (named after Drew's grandma) and my dinner date had the pork carnitas.These guys don't mess around. Our food was delivered to our table in a flash which was surprising as they were slammed with two large tables. Just like I remember from my visit to the southern local, the heat level of the food is off the scale hot! But in a "hurt me some more" kind of way.The roasted chicken breast was ladled in wonderful red chile and was unbelievably moist. The beans were rich and spicy. I don't treat my self to the caloric content of authentic New Mexican food very often but this was true indulgence.My companion's pork was lean and tender and he kept stealing the red chile off of my plate. (Get your own next time.)Nothing fancy here just very unique, well prepared food from a family who takes true pride in the traditions of their cuisine and hospitality, all at a very fair price. We'll be back with friends.
5	This is my number one Mexican choice. You have to like spicy food. If you don;t you will hate it and probably write an inappropriately bad review. Carne adovada ribs and shrimp vera cruz are the only two choices in my opinion. If you get something else, it's at your own risk of wishing you had ordered one of these two items. I always order the beer on draft, unless it's a night for some margaritas which will knock you out (a little expensive, but really strong). The downtown location is my favorite, followed by the Mesa joint. Downtown has the best scenery but you have to wait a long ass time. I love this place.
3	I love Mexican Food!!! And the spicier the better!!  This place is OK.  I recently moved here from the East Coast so I have been looking to find the best Mexican Food here (feel free to contact with recommendations).I have been here twice (it is less than 2 blocks from my house) and enjoyed it both times.  The food was OK.  I think they try to survive on being very hot.  However, my experience was that the food was tolerably hot.  Many seem to think the salsa is too hot.  I liked the green salsa a lot.  The red salsa was spicy, but not overly spicy in my opinion, but it did not taste good.The gentleman that served me was very nice.  All in all, I think the food is OK.  The service is OK.  The only problem I had was that I though that the pricing was a bit expensive for typical Mexican fare.  Many of the dishes are $12 or over, with some of them topping $20.  I will continue to go here when I do not want to cook because it is close, but will certainly be checking out other places as well.
2	Bad service. Food still pretty good
3	A friend of mine was in town from the East Coast and was craving Mexican.  I had never been here, but she suggested it so I was down.  We got there right when they opened (11am) and there were a few tables already seated.  The service was great!  Not sure if it was because we were there early, but they seated us immediately, came by and took our drink orders, and asked if we had any questions on the menu.  Since my friend and I hadn't seen each other in awhile, it took us a bit to even look at the menu, so we asked the waiter for a little more time.  They didn't rush us, but came back after a couple minutes, which was great, since soooo many places just ignore you after you ask for more time.  So thumbs up!The downside is that this place is a bit pricey--I ordered a combination beef taco and green chile corn tamale with rice and beans ($12 or so).  The taco shell was nice and crispy, but the meat wasn't super flavorful and slighty greasy which I was not much a fan of.  But the tamale was delicious.  The portions are large and I only ate half of my meal.  But the tamale was so good that during my meeting I began thinking about it and I couldn't resist eating the rest of it at my desk.  So now I'm too full and ready to take a nap.
4	I first saw this place while I was on light rail going to basket ball game. The stop is nearby and it makes it easy to get to. The food here is very good! Everything I get here tastes home made and offers just the right amount of spice. Their salsas are very delicious! I always get the enchiladas or the bean burritos served enchilada style. Both the red and green sauce are very tasty. The service is always very fast and helpful. We came here late one night and were one of the only people left, but the waitress never hurried us and was very courteous.
5	I love the food at all of Los Dos Molinos restaurants. It is my favorite Mexican restaurant in the WORLD.   I have never had a bad meal here.  Also, their food is excellent.  HOT but excellent.  Their salsa is hot and delicious and margaritas are pretty great too.  I usually stick with the enchilada plate most of the time.  Although the ribs and chili beans are excellent too if you can take the heat.  Also the place is run by the family and you can usually find one of them any given day at the restaurant eager to please.
5	I ate here recently for the first time and I am definitely a fan.We came in looking for the prickly pear margarita, but unfortunately they were out at the time.  So we tried a couple other libations instead which were equally as tasty.  We tried the machaca and relleno and they were both delicious.  They had great salsa as well for the chips that you get when you sit down.  I have no doubt that we will stop in here again when in the area.  If you haven't been and love Mexican food, give it a try.  You won't be disappointed.
5	This was my first trip to Los Dos Molinos and it was muy sabroso!! I have wanted to eat here for awhile but was scared it would be too hot for me. However, after eating here, I would recommend this place for those who like it hotter than hell but also those who don't like it too spicy. First off, the chips and salsa are delicious. The red salsa was pretty hot but the verde salsa was less hot and was just right for me. The margarita was really stiff and got me buzzed before dinner even came. I had one of the less hot items the los dos flautas dinner. The flautas were cooked perfect and I like that the beans are the whole pinto beans. My husband had the red chili. He said it was very flavorful and had just the right amount of heat.
1	I suppose you could just put me in the "box" with "Luis T" on 3.20.10...because if i didnt know any better, his could have been my entry.. So i was here this week.  Let me start by saying i have been giving Los Dos Molinos my  business for almost 20 years now, and each year that goes by i find myself saying that i am going to cease my patronage.  I will save the stories from the recent years and why i've been feeling this way, and give you just the specifics from my most recent visit:  If you want to make the rule that there are "No Split Checks" then can you AT THE VERY LEAST get with the current times and make the bill somewhat decipherable?  We had a large party, and were quite promptly advised there were no split checks, yet at the end of the night we were left with a ribbon of calculator tape with ONLY prices, and no correlation with actual menu items...so we had to cross reference the menu to figure out what the heck all the itemizations correlated to.   And by the end of it, we pretty much gave up and just guessed at what each person should contribute because the receipt may have just as well been in morse code.  Ok, im getting ahead of myself..Its one thing if you have subpar service and the restaurant is slammed, understaffed, there is a MLB baseball game or NBA basketball game, or concert going on...This was not the case.  We were the ONLY table inside the restaurant and the service absolutely sucked.  How many times must one flag down the server for (take your pick) A;  refill on chips B: refill on ice water and C:(most importantly since the drinks are marked up 300%) a FRESH DRINK!!! Oh yes and D: Check please.  We had to look over our shoulders for A , B, C, and D.  When our table collectively decided the service was ridiculous we decided the tip would reflect that, and then we realized an 18% gratuity was included...well no wonder.  When that is the case, there is NO incentive for decent service!! We brought several items to the attention of the bald headed caucasian man who may have been a manager of some sort but his severe lack of customer service skills merely resulted in him stating in a childish voice "They are complaining about the service" to an audience that didnt exist.  Damn right! and damn right we will take our business elsewhere.  Grandma Chavez is rolling in her grave! you should be ashamed!
1	i really wanted to like this place, i really did. Its a Friday and we expected it to be busy, but aside from one large party, there were many empty tables. We sat down and were more than a little surprised when we had to wait for the waitress to walk by us four times and start setting the empty tables before the bar tender came over to give us menus. We went simple: beef tacos and enchiladas. Honest to goodness, taco bell beat these tacos. They had hardly anything in them. I'm sorry, but if I wanted to eat an empty taco shell I could have done that at home. The enchilada sauce was unimpressive at best.What really got the raised eyebrow was the $26.00 check. No drinks, no appetizers. Just one terrible taco plate and one mediocre enchilada plate. We won't be going back.
4	Adovada Ribs need I say anymore?  Great flavor good heat and they are even pulled off the bone for your convenience.  I love hot food so Los Dos is a great spot for me.  I know it's not authentic Mexican but they just really do things right for spice lovers.
4	Same wonderful food as the old school South Phoenix location I know and love, but the attempted recreation of the quirky atmosphere misses the mark.  We felt like the servers were a bit less attentive than at the original as well.  Bottom line:  Order something off of the "House Specialties" section of the menu or the Special board, specifically anything with Adovada ribs (I just tried a special of soft tacos yesterday....YUM).  If you order a run-of-the-mill taco or burrito, you're going to get a run-of-the-mill taco or burrito.Los Dos gets extra points for serving yummy beans too....I'm not a fan of refried beans because of the weird texture; these are left whole with some sauce and have tons of flavor.  And that green salsa?  I'd drink it with every meal if I could.  Awesome, awesome!
5	Excellent food. Good service and the green sauce has a nice heat to it.
1	Let me just say I was highly disappointed.  3:00 on a Friday (no Happy Hour btw) and the place was empty besides two strange people practically doing it in the bar.  The waiter/bartender, WOW.  He's one of those guys who looks like he just rolled out of bed, superficially overly-nice but really doesn't give a crap.  After seating us, he decided it would be a good time to bus some tables instead of getting us a drink.  Then he decided it would be a good idea to mess around with the television, again, BEFORE asking us if we wanted a drink or even water. Finally we got a Corona with an old lime and ordered. We asked for a side of sour cream to go with the HOT salsa that they are so proud of, BEFORE our late lunch arrival.  He takes our order and poof, disappears for about ten minutes (I suspect he might have also been the cook) He comes sauntering out with our plates in a snap and exclaims "Oh, isn't this plate beautiful?!?" and then gives us the side of sour cream that was supposed to come out first. My girlfriend had a bean burrito enchilada style and said it was pretty good, I have one more good thing to say before I shred this place to bits.  The sour cream is the star of everything.  It really is wonderful.  I don't know what they do to it (probably piss in it) but it is tasty.  I had the most god-aweful taco salad (ground beef).  Not only was the plating lacking, so was the lettuce and vegetables, practically non-existent.  The meat was very salty and that's all you get on a little pile of pinto beans. Disgusting. DO NOT SUPPORT OVER-RATED PLACES WHO DO NOT GIVE A #$%^! !
3	This is simply a poor substitute for the Los Dos Molinos in South Phoenix.  It is a pale shade of itself.  The salsa is spicy, but it doesn't have any of the same excitement.  I think its partly the downtown location in a strip mall, (not that 98% of restaurants in Phoenix aren't in strip malls).  But the Mexcian Pizza and Chicken enchiladas just didn't have the same loving kick and spice.  When you are craving Mexican downtown, this'll do in a pinch.  But make room and time to head out to the original deal, the one with 5 alarm salsa and huge patios.  Margaritas the size of one's head and bring a group of friends to indulge!
4	Great food!  Excellent service!  The place is small and busy during the lunch hour, but the service is quick.  I had the chicken chimichanga, which was great.  Love the sour cream too!  The two salsas were both spicy, but good.  I had the sopapillas for dessert with honey and powdered sugar, which were also good.
5	I go our of my way to eat here. I live in Cave Creek and thats not close to downtown. I don't care if I have to go by myself. Whenver I am anywhere near there I head in. They have the best damn machaca chimi that could ever be made. Mmmmm, Heading there with my girlfriend tomorrow for lunch and I have been drooling for days just waiting! Not a fancy place, but amazing SPICY food!
3	Having visited LDM's bell cow location on Central, I was totally prepared to be underwhelmed by this stripmall-y location along the light rail line on Washington. Well, not only was I not disappointed but I enjoyed one of my more rewarding lunch experiences of 2011. The service was no-nonsense but friendly and efficient and the food was pure LDM Scoville Scale bliss. I had the gringo friendly chimichanga with carne adobo, which was spicy and delicious and so filling I couldn't even finish, hard as I tried. The chips were warm and the salsas were up to LDM's reputation. Probably a tad hot for those who are spice challenged but perfect for my palate. It sounds like a little thing but I was also really happy with the size of the glasses. My Diet Dr. Pepper came in what seemed like a 44 oz plastic cup. Did I need 44 oz of soda at lunch? That's not the point and mind your business. A bigger glass helped me get my fill of soda without bothering the busy staff for refill after refill.The only downside of this lunch trip was that I was damn-near comatose following the meal. But that's on me, not LDM.Big ups to Los Dos Molinos.
2	Long day at the Office.  On my was Home, I Ordered 2 Dinners To GO for a Well deserved Friday Night TV Feast.   I stayed away from the Hot Items because  I prefer a Mild Spice and ordered the Garlic Shrimp$13.95.  The Shrimp were Nice size and  perfectly cooked in a gravy that was way too heavily black peppered.  The second Item was the Rellano which was Delicious but small.  Obviously, You need a thick wallet to leave full.  Perhaps, I was still hungy because the left out the Tortilla's in My Order.  Had a discovered that they were missing prior to leaving,   I would have gone back as Tortillas may have been the missing link to the Entree's desirability.  John  Phoenix, AZ
4	I have driven by this location numerous times and would try to remind myself to go there when out with friends, but just never seemed to get around to it...until last week!  This location serves up the same great food as the other locations, but isn't as busy.  I will definitely come back.  If you are looking for the atmosphere of the one on Central, you won't find it.  It's more like the one in Mesa, but even toned down a bit compared to that one.Go for the food!!!  The service was great and everyone is just as friendly so what are you waiting for?  Get in there and eat some food!
4	I suggested we have lunch there because this restaurant was featured on the show: The Best Thing I ever Ate on Food Network,The tattooed guy (owner) was SUPER friendly, helpful and patient. He seemed to be the only one working on the floor, but he didn't mind us wanting to sit outside (whereas everyone else was sitting inside) or asking questions about their cheese. We ordered a deep-fried bean burrito, tamale, and enchilada.Both red and green salsas that we got with chips were awesome. The red one was a bit smokey and definitely had a kick to it. The green one was a bit tangier and not as intensely hot as the red.Enchilada is usually not my favourite, but LDM's enchilada was smothered in a tasty enchilada sauce. The tamale was a bit dry, which was alleviated by having the delicious green sauce over it.As my boyfriend put it perfectly, "being nice goes a long way". We enjoyed LDM not only for the food but the person behind it. Well done!
5	Fantastic local flavor, delicious frozen margaritas (I had the Prickly Pear, yum!). Food is spicy, but not overpowering - little too much for the girlfriend, so be careful if you have a girlie palate. :-)
5	When your a New Mexican and you find New Mexican perfection you find your heart rate subsiding and your health meter rising and brother & sister i tell you now that LDM is the most OUTSTANDING New Mexican Food Restaurant in Arizona.....period dot!!!My go to is the pork chimi or the muchaka chimi....either way it is the finest food in the valley!  We also LOVE the Green Chili Stew and the margarita's .      Best Mexican in Phoenix bar none!!  Any negative reviews usually come from jewish yentas that cannot stand the heat from cinnamon toothpaste let alone fresh New Mexican Green Chili.   Viva La Los Dos Molinos!!
4	I love this place! When ever I have time to make it down to the area I always eat there. It is a great place to stop in for a quick spicy tastey lunch! The salsas are amazing and anything I have ever ordered from there is great. The staff is also great! Very welcoming laid back place to eat.
5	Went here on a recommendation from a friend that lives in Buckeye. I was visiting from Cleveland. We have no New Mexican style restaurants in Cleveland. I will take this one home any day. All five in our group really enjoyed the food. It was nice to finally have heat without having to add it. The red salsa was awesome. Runny-nose goodness. I will definitely come back here the next time I visit the Phoenix area.
5	Living in Arizona I have become somewhat of an experienced Mexican food eater. Los Dos is a great place to go with your family or on a date. They have awesome chimichangas and the best Kick Ass Margaritas!! I recommend getting a pitcher of your favorite flavor because they go fast!!
2	I was excited to eat here after reading the reviews. Then I ate there and I was less excited. I was prepped for some hot spicy New Mexican food. That did not arrive on my plate. It was tasty for sure but I was lead to believe that I would experience the food I grew up with in New Mexico. I didn't. It is possible that my expectations were too much for this restaurant to handle.
2	Awful. Not sure the hype on this joint? Had the enchilada's with chicken in red sauce. Spicy! No flavor. The tortilla's were super thick, and there was nothing in the enchilada's?? WTF? The chicken had no flavor, so under seasoned. The beans were not refried but more like just frijoles. They had not real flavor. The rice was hard! Now, I understand this is not really mexican but more Santa Fe style or NM style. But it was terrible. I know the Central Ave location is the original and suppose to be better but honestly how much better could it be from this location? Really, it's that much better? Doubt it. Just another one of those Hyped up Phx places that really is a pile of crap! I much rather go to a pile of crap called Carolinas which is 10 times better.What a joke this place was. No good at all but then again I am spoiled living in mexico for 8 years
4	Traveling from out of state. Was recommended by my uncles broker. green & Red Salsa was very good. Chili Rellenos and carnitas were very good. would return. Staff very friendly
5	Great New Mexican food. Good service.  The carne adovada was awesome.  I highly recommend it
4	We have been here several times and I decided its time to write a review. The food is pretty good. We tried the green corn tamales, chilli relleno and chimichanga. Spicy! Sopapiyas was the only dessert available and good. I would love to return for the tamales. The service is terrible and slow.
1	Underwhelming Mexican food and absolutely horrible service.   I have no idea why some people like this place.   The food is all about heat rather than flavorful taste.  Nothing is super fresh, unique or even memorable.    It's like eating Mexican food at Macayo's, which is also mediocre, but adding heat to the food.  To top it all off this was the worst service I've had at a restaurant in years.   I'm talking painfully slow.   No refills unless we asked, no ordering unless we asked, no check unless we asked, and after we asked we had to remind them once or twice.   Good grief it's like they don't even want the business.    This place should become a bar and forget about serving food.   Meh!
5	Hadn't been in awhile, but just as I remembered it. Had the red chillie combo, ladies each had the garlic shrimp. Friend had chili releno. Everyone loved their meal and the pitchers of "kick ass margaritas" were the best we've had in a long time - nice and home made tasting, not the excessive sour mix found all to often at other places.Friendly Service was very good to boot. Bravo Molinos.!!!!
5	NEW MEXICAN FOOD not MEXICAN.  that is what i think alot of the neg reviews come from.   I have been to the South Phx location and this location is only a few miles from my home.  i dont really understand some peoples judgements....just because its in a strip mall doesnt make it a bad place.  if your from the south or the midwest and used to free standing places get over that. you will miss out on some of the best dining in the valley.  not just this place.  we went on saturday 6/2 at about 545pm an early dinner for us.  like 99% of downtown eateries it was not crowded at all. probably about 12 people in the place. the margaritas were great.  more importantly the food was great NEW mexican food. HOT HOT HOT.  if you dont like spicy dont come here. its not for you.  if you like to have your eyes water this is the place. ive been here a few times and im not really sure what the complaints are about the service.  they have always been very nice and very FAST service. first we ordered our massive margaritas which also came out surprisling fast.  we ordered our dinners and within 10min the food was in front of us.  i think the longest we have ever waited was maybe 20min.  to people reading the reviews...spicy is HOT.  There is nothing at the chain type places that compare to the heat you get with these dinners.  the green chili salsa is probably the best in the valley.  the red is right up there too.  usually when i do go i order one of the specials or something the waiter recommends i have yet to be let down.
4	This place serves NEW MEXICAN food, not MEXICAN food.  New Mexican enchiladas are served on thick tortillas with the "filling" stacked on top, rather than wrapped.  It's very spicy and also served with a fried egg on top.  New Mexican beans are also different from refried beans, so don't expect refried beans.If you come here expecting tasty, spicy New Mexican food, you'll leave happy.  If you come here expecting Mexican food, you'll be confused.Also, don't complain when the food is incredibly spicy...there's a sign on the patio with a chili pepper that says "Some like it HOT", so consider yourself warned!
3	If you're not a fan of spicy food, stay away from Phoenix's Los Dos Molinos. The New Mexican restaurant "doesn't know how to make mild," meaning the salsas and sauces will burn your tongue off if you're weak like me. Thankfully, the sodas are served in extra-large glasses, and every table gets its own pitcher of water to wash the food down with.The family-owned restaurant, which is decorated with a mix of Native American and Mexican kitschy art, originated in Arizona and now has four locations in the state, as well as one in New York.My dining companion and I ordered combination plates--he got two beef tacos with beans and rice ($10.95), while I munched on cheese enchiladas ($11.95). Skip the chili sauce if you don't want a spicy meal--it was tough to finish mine, since I opted for the tasty and spicy green chili.My pal pointed out that the food tasted super-fresh, probably because no meal is made until it's ordered. It came out in about 5 minutes, though, so the staff definitely knows what they're doing in the kitchen.For dessert, we ordered the best sopapillas ($5.95) I've ever had. They were so soft and doughy, almost like a thicker version of fry bread. If only I had saved more room, and my burned taste buds, for dessert.Next time, I'll skip the chili sauce and use the salsa sparingly on the thick-cut chips.
5	Visiting the area and Los Dos Molinos was recommended.  What a treat!  Portions were large.  Menu had enough variety that the varied palates of my family had choices.I highly recommend the house margarita.
4	Very glad they moved to Camelback Rd, much closer now.  Pork ribs are still great and plenty hot. Funny reading about people surprised food is hot here. That is what they are known for. A little pricey for Mexican food but worth a visit
5	Good food but portion size has gotten smaller over the years.  The carne adovada should have more pork on the plate for the price.
5	Excellent food and nice staff. I always go for the carnitas plate. This place adds a spicy kick. So delicious. One of my favorite spots in Phoenix.
