5	I was one of the first to advertise in the Super Savings Magazine when they came to the valley.  I receive lots of calls from my ad and people hold on to the ads for a long time.  The high quality glossy paper ad with the exotic animal on the front cover is the best bang for the buck.  The owners, Valentin & Lavinia are great to work with and I highly recommend others use their service.  Lavinia does some graphic work for me outside of my ad such as post cards and event flyers.  She has a great eye for detail and she gives me good feedback on what will work well in my ad.
5	We have been advertising our pool service company with Super Saving Magazine seasonally since 2007.  The phone always rings non stop when a new issue comes out!  We like the uncluttered layout of the ads, and the glossy animal photos on the front cover that are so inviting.  We really like being able to target the areas we want to focus on, and it has really helped us to increase our business in these areas, which is our goal.Lavinia has been very patient with us whenever we make changes to the ad, and her work is always top notch!  Val and Lavinia are very 'customer friendly' and easy to work with.  We actually increased our advertising this summer by adding another issue, since it has been working so well for us. We plan to continue next summer and for many years to come!
5	We recently hired Printgraphics to assist us with our marketing campaign and were very pleased with the whole process. I'll definitely be using Printgraphics for all my future printing needs.
5	We are so happy with the service and results we received from Super Savings Magazine! Calls and messages were always returned promptly, and the final result was excellent. The level of professionalism was extremely high. This company is a gem! Val and Lavinia provided us with personalized service, with high quality results.
5	Val is a top-notch advertiser and a straight up guy.  His advertising got my business off to an excellent start. I will continue doing business with Super Savings Magazine. Thanks Val Bob@Bar-B-Clean.com
