5	I've just moved to Leith, and I'm already sure that Sofi's is going to become my favourite local hang-out spot.  Just minutes away from the scenic Shore area, Sofi's is laid-back and quirky without being pretentious, with all the right ingredients to become a real home from home.By day, it's a great place to come and use their free wi-fi while listening to good music and eating tasty nachos or hummous and olives, or perhaps even have a beer outside if it's sunny.  In the evening it's more of a hip bar, that attracts an interesting crowd, serves exciting cocktails, yet remains relaxed.  Little touches like the candles and flowers on each table add to the homely feel, while staff are always nice and chatty.On Mondays they host a weekly film night in the back room, while Tuedays play host to knitting night.A1 Pe
4	Champagne........Sundays.........Half PriceAnd if thats not enough for you this is just a great place to chill out!Friendly, warm and just well cool realy is how i would sum up this place, it has become a regular for me and some friends on a Sunday now and I dont see that changing!!Food wise im not too sure as to what they offer but the schmorsgasbord, sorry for the spelling, is a great sharing platter for friends!! herring is yumm!
4	Lovely quiet bar/cafe with pleasant atmosphere to meet friends.  It is a bit on the cramped side, but makes up for it in charm.
5	This is really just a review of Sofi's back room! It's not obvious they even HAVE a back room, as you have to walk past the bar and turn right almost but not quite into the men's loos (I can see that going wrong after a few glasses of wine). Anyway, I went there for some 'Freelance Friday' drinks and found a gorgeous little pale blue, tongue-and-groove cabin of a room, with bits and bobs of furniture and quirky stuff on the walls. It's a perfect size for a little group, especially if people don't know one another - it's quiet enough to actually talk, and you get drawn into lots of conversations. Staff are lovely and friendly, surprisingly so given how cool they look! And they did a good range of snacks and crisps and cakes and soup - I don't think there's a full menu but it was great for what we were wanting. Like all of Edinburgh's 'Swedish' bars it's not cheap, but it's worth it - a lovely place to meet up and have a chat.
4	Headed here for a few drinks before our wee Yelp Christmas Night Out....... i liked it!It is full of character, it's nice and homely. Got a good selection of drinks, I didn't even know Timmermans did a peach beer until I went here! Drinks were on the verge of being a little expensive, but still perfectly reasonable.Only downside for me was that there is quite a lack of seating, especially if there is more than maybe four or five of you. BUT..... I can get past that. They also have posters explaining all the events they have on - a writers night, a swedish Christmassy carol sort of thing.... and a bake club!!! Yes please. So pretty much, if I lived out this way I would be here often.... especially for the half price champagne on Sundays.
3	From the adorably cute way they've spelt the name "Sofi" (or Sophie) to the promise of yet more Boda Bar magic I was sure I was going to love Sofi's. I'd already fallen head over heels for the loud, brash big brother Jospeh Pearce and it's delicious food, DJ nights and special BBQs; been enamoured with the fairy lights, roses-in-wine-bottles at Victoria, and so expected equal delights at the perhaps smallest sister of the Boda family.It is still lovely, and quaint, and homely and has all the character and uniqueness of the others. Perhaps it's because it's a lot smaller, physically, and most of the seats are only two seaters around the bar and we were going to be a larger crowd of at least 6 or 7 that I was a bit put down. There's a small room out the back, obviously taken by one couple (why do people do that? There's two of you, you don't need a couch corner for 8). And no one minded when we shifted furniture about to accomodate.I watched the barman make a mocha for the girl in front of me by carefully melting some chocolate, brewing a good coffee, mixing the two by hand. It took longer, I was waiting longer, but it was good service. They also have lots of more unusual spirits, such as Edinburgh Gin and the raspberry variety of said Gin. Interesting beers, ciders (afraid I'm not versed in this to remember, but my ale-drinking companions were impressed). They also allow dogs, I made friends with an adorable wee guy beside me. The furnitures mismatched, the armchairs are comfy, there's an old piano. It has all the elements that should make me love it.Perhaps if I had never visited JP or Victoria I would have been swept away by Sofi's. And in its own right, compared to a lot of the churned-out mass culture bars, it still has a lot of quirk. I'd much rather go here than Wetherspoons any day. It could be because it was freezing outside, and raining, and there weren't many seats. And if anyone suggested drinks here again I wouldn't mind in the slightest. Perhaps if I lived locally it'd be my mid-afternoon pit-stop for a date with a good book and a hand-made mocha. But it just lacked a little something to make me feel entirely at home here. If I were in the area, I'd stop by, but I won't go out my way.If I were a parent, I wouldn't tell my children I had favourites but secretly would adore Victoria's better looks and Joseph Pearce's cooking skills and be a little disappointed that Sofi perhaps got what was left in the gene pool.
4	My favourite cosy bar in Leith - the staff are always friendly.The decor is eclectic, with many hand made decorations, and the art changes almost every month.Oh, and try the cheeseboard.
3	It has that eccentric homely decor where nothing really matches.  It has paintings on the wall of Bill Murray but I think different artists get to exhibit.  There was a sign for a Knitting group held there every week.  I guess they use the wee room in the back.  We sat in there and there was a lot of us but I can imagine it made the couple that were sitting there uncomfortable.  It is a dog friendly bar but I would watch out for dog water bowls lurking on the floor.  My friends jacket sleeve ended up in one.  It is nice enough but I don't think I would go out of my way to go there.
4	A little oasis of calm - soft lighting, warm service, a good selection of drinks and a higgeldy piggeldy Swedish-inspired setting that feels quirky and comforting at the same time. Great community activities too, bringing people together through Bake Nights, Film Nights, Knitting Nights, exhibitions and more. While away the hours and let the stresses of the world seep away in a spot with true character and charm. Has wifi.
4	I love this bar and the sister bars Hemma, Boda, Joseph Pearce and Victoria and have been visiting them quite often I love the fact that all of them have different characters and yet still feel all comfortable and pleasing in different ways. Sofi's is my living room, no really. If I need some peace and quiet during the day I'll go to Sofi's. I want to see some friends; I'll go to Sofi's. As of late they started selling chocolates in addition to their cupcakes and cookies :o) I love these as they are all ethical and organic and some made locally and very tasty! The pub itself and the staff are very pleasing and helpful. It is like visiting an old friends house and finding out something wonderful has happened - they keep reinventing the place with special themed evenings , charity days and evenings or even whole months! Every day is Chocolate day at Sofi's - there is more but I'd say go there one day end enjoy!
5	I love this little bar...the food menu is cleverly placed inside an old fashioned book , and the tabeledecorated with old fashioned candle holders. Really quirky and i would say its a decor is very femine. Cocktails are ace and its definatley one of my favourite spots for meeting friends, or a romantic date!
4	i am so disappointed that i have lived in leith for over 5 years and never ventured to sofi's until last night.  i'm almost heartbroken that i've been missing out on this lovely little gem of a bar and now feel that i must make up for missed time!monday night it's dark, rainy, and the gusts of wind are nearly knocking me down as i fight my way from the bus stop to the warm glow of sofi's.  it was nearly empty when i entered, but fair enough it was monday night.  i was warmly greeted by the bartender (who also happened to be a former flatmate of one of the friends i was meeting) and i choose a seat right next to the warm radiator.  while waiting on our third friend, i confirmed that they were still offering food and then ordered the bread and dips platter for one and an elderflower mojito off their virgin cocktail menu.the bread platter was freshly made with four huge slices of delicious white bread nicely toasted served with balsamic and olive oil, red pepper hummus, and an olive tapenade with a nice little dish of green olives as well.  it was lovely and perfectly filling after my trip to the gym.  the elderflower mojito was just gorgeous!!  fresh and sweet and slightly sour with a minty kick, it was the perfect companian to my food.now the company i had was excellent, but being in sofi's made me feel like we were sat round someone's kitchen table just having a good blether.  the bar was so cosy and warm and the people working there are so friendly this is just such a perfect spot for a low key drink.  out of all the sister bars that sofi's has, i think this has to be my favourite.  it has such a special charm and warmth that i'm already trying to come up with reasons to go back as soon as possible.
4	I'm a bit of a regular at Sofis, living close by, so have had the fortune to visit plenty of times. This is not a 5-star review because the atmosphere isn't ALWAYS great: it depends when you go in and how busy it is. But I won't make a big deal out of this because it's Leith - it can be quiet during the day! The decor is pretty random - elegant, curio, shabby chic - and the format is in some ways more "cafe/bar" than pub. The majority of the seating being dedicated to cafe style two-seater tables gives a uniqueness to the format and I suspect also to the conversation. There's a pleasant selection of lunchy food (although I haven't checked to see how the new post-2pm opening hours affect this) and Artisan Roast coffee is delivered competently. Music is usually good, events like open mic and film screenings punctuate the month. The art on the walls is for sale and changes intermittently. I have come to love this place more than it's siblings up the Walk. It's got a certain vibe that has, amongst the Leith 'Swedish' establishments, distanced itself most daringly - and most charmingly - from the standard pub format.But relax - you can still order a drink from the bar!
4	I would never normally venture to a bar so far out of the way from where I live but I had told my friend about the pug meet up that was happening here (which I saw through Yelp) and she asked if I'd come with her. It was middle of the day on a Saturday when we went in so it was very quiet apart from some pugs and their owners. I really liked the decor of the place but then again I like the decor of its sister bars too so I already had an idea of what to expect when I arrived. I just got a latte while I was there so I didn't get to sample any alcohol though my friend had a martini which looked good. I probably wouldn't make the effort to go all the way there unless there was something special happening as it's sister bars are that little bit closer to me, but it felt really chilled there during the day which I liked.
4	Time for an update. New staff, new manager and new atmosphere.Out with the old in with the new, but not so new you scare away the regulars, but new enough to create a right eclectic mix of locals and ehhrm.. not so locals. Sofi's is keeping on going strong, so yes OK, they made the wine classes smaller but they are still OK value. They still do film nights and have regular themed parties. Many of the staff that made up the 'old' Sofi's have left for different pastures (Australia of all places) or grown within the Boda Group that owns and runs the Swedish Bars of which Sofi's is one. It could have been a recipe for disaster, but the new staff have made small changes and eventually made it their own. Still pet friendly as ever - Pugs in Pubs.I still like it, but I am getting more and more nostalgic. 4 Starts still as the feel is obviously there and the improvements do make a positive difference - they even Eteaket tea on offer now! - They still sell chocolate and in addition they have the cupcakes. Oh yes Elderflower cupcakes, IrnBru cupcakes - you get the idea! The Sofi's Toasties are as yummy as ever and the new artisan beers are a welcome addition. It is all new in the old Sofi's and I am still a great fan. Nostalgia isn't what it used to be..
1	This Bar has seriously gone down hill. Previous experience was very good due to friendly staff and great service.Sadly was in again after some months and a total change in staff. The two bar men where so unhelpful and didn't seem interested or happy at work. One bar man for the hour we where in , stood behind the bar texting / playing in his phone, the majority if tables where dirty with glasses on them and neither staff member was bothered !! We cleared or own table when we arrived and brought the dirty glasses to the bar. Not even an acknowledgement from the staff. Definitely will not be back !!
5	My first time here was for Elliott Smith night and I was pre-disposed to like this joint.  Even with my excitement and expectations being set high for no real reason, Sofi's ambiance and staff were even better than I'd hoped.  Coming up soon: a zombie crawl, Johnny Cash night, and their sweet Jam Sundays (with bread and jam sandwiches) open mic.  If I lived closer it would be my go-to for writing and hanging out, but as it is I still show up 1-2x week.
5	The first bar I ever went to when I turned 32 was a dive bar in Edinburgh... and it was NOTHING like this. Well, I'm being a bit dramatic. Sofi's looks and smells like a quirky, but it doesn't feel like a quirky. I went this past Saturday night and it was filled with 27 year old "students" rolling their eyes at me for wearing pumped kicks and a whimsical wool coat. In contrast, my first dive bar in Edinburgh was filled with hipsters and musicians that didn't give a fuck about what I did or how I dressed. You don't get that "IDGAF" attitude at Sofi's. You get that "I'm trying really hard to look like I'm romantic and that I DIDN'T try really hard." That being said, I really don't care about what other trumpets think. I just wanted to go on a little rant about students. Sofi's was grimy, nicely, whimpy... but the back room was great. Whoever was controlling the music was playing Prince, Ray la Montagne, Iron&Wine... you name it! Pretty sure my friends and I were the only ones who knew the lyrics to every song... and of course we started a dance party. Some people gave us novels, and we got some dirty looks. You can't win 'em all! From the YelpLibs (MadLibs)... http://www.thebolditalic.com/articles/4146-yelplibs/
3	I know people go nuts over the whole Sofi's group of bars but I just don't get it.Sure, they try to recreate the home vibe but the wooden chairs aren't that comfy and the whole tables for 2 thing would be fine if you are a twosome, but not ideal for more peeps. Clearly a local bar though and staff are really friendly to locals and newbies. Limited beers on draft (usual suspects - stella, etc) and my beer blogging amigo wasn't impressed. The Iduns cider is great though.
4	When Sofi's opened it was a refreshing change to the typical pubs in the area.  Quirky and fun with a decent selection of drinks and pleasant bar staff.The draught beers are a bit limited, but there are plenty of bottles and the swedish cider selection was unusually good before it became more commonplace.I haven't been to any of the 'nights' that they run (knitting, cinema etc), but it's great place to meet friends for a catch up.
