4	Located in the Meadows Mall's lower level, right next door to Hallmark, this is a pretty cool sports wear store (square-shaped space) with lots of inventory (with maybe a rack for the ladies). The set-up is good, considering the merchandise is placed on racks (but you don't get that crowded feeling) and most of the available wall space (will need help from an employee for the items way above).If we're in the Meadows mall, we usually stop by here, since my hubbie is a sports-lover (NY Yankees/Jets/Knicks/ & Miami Hurricanes) and is always on the lookout for new things, especially hats (an avid collector, he's got more of those than sneakers).
4	I first discovered Fanzz about 10 years ago while on a ski trip to Salt Lake City. One of the first things I noticed was that their store wasn't filled with Yankees, Dodgers, Lakers and Raiders gear, but they had a very wide variety of teams available. I've since visited a few of their locations and that first impression of the inventory remains true. The store at The Meadows is a bit smaller than the stores of most competitors, but they have a more diverse selection of team wear available making Fanzz a great choice for jerseys, hats and t-shirts. As a fan of the Utah Jazz I appreciate the fact that they always have a good selection of Jazz gear (hence the ZZ) in stock.
4	I needed an Eagles jersey for a super bowl party in a hurry. I tried walmart; target; big 5... and couldn't find one. So my friend tells me about "Fanzz. I go there and it's all good. The clerks were helpful and very social-able. The price was good. For an authentic jersey I paid $75. The sticker price was $115. It was 40% off. I'd go back.
3	Let me start this off by stating that Fanzz is usually not my first pick when shopping sports memorabilia or FANtastic sports wear.  And here's why;-Service is hit or miss. Doesn't matter if they're busy or dead, sales with a smile isn't their forte.  -Selection is not the best. -Small Store-Prices: Average at best.  Most items are overpriced. I will still give Fanzz at least 3 stars because it's conveniently located near one of the mall entrances, near Macy's to be exact. Even though I'm not a fan of Fanzz, a handful of times I found what I was looking for.  And if you happen to get super service, cherish it because it may be your last.YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (403/500)
3	Been here several times for different reasons. First time was to get me a Seattle Seahawks #3 Russel Wilson jersey. Second time was to get a Seattle Seahawks Super Bowl 48 Championship hat.For the Wilson jersey, they seem to always have it in sizes of medium or large. I needed an extra large. It seems that every time I talk to whoever is behind the counter, they tell me the same thing, "Oh we don't know when the next shipment is coming in and it also depends on if the sport is in season." Well, the two times I came here in season they never have my size. I ended up ordering it at another sport place because shipping was free and it only cost 85 bucks instead of the marked up price of 125 here.For the Super Bowl 48 Championship Hat, they did have it. Apparently they only made that one style of an adjustable cap and with the brim curved (I like my hats with the brim flat). I guess I didn't have a choice but since it was a championship hat, I made an exception.Service is almost non existent here. Whenever I show up, I always end up talking to the guy behind the counter because there usually isn't an associate walking around helping out. Does that second person always go on a break every time I show up? So its usually just one person manning the whole store whenever I go there. Weird.So in closing, you wont always find what you're looking for here and when you do, its usually not the right size. I give them 3 stars only because the other stores in the mall you get pretty much the same experience. Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #53
1	I just walked out of this store. Three people all behind the and not one acknowledgement, even though one person looked me directly in the eyes. I'm sorry but I'll gladly pay a little extra for some help. This store needs some serious secret shopper action I can't believe that behavior is acceptable.
1	Worst experience ever.....: I ask for a jersey and get told "not gonna happen" and then ignored after that........ Never coming back with your poor customer service poor selection.
