5	I knew i was in the right place when i saw the cuatomer in front if me hugging the owners. These folks are nice, very helpful, and have great pricing! Ask for Aru! He's soooo nice!
5	I was in need of a mailbox for my business. As soon as I came here, I was treated well and taken care of. The owner went through the rates and gave me a generous discount for my business. I always see how friendly the staff is and get all of my keys made there too. This is a great post net and the prices are reasonable.Highly recommended.
5	I recently took a package to another Post Net location that did not require any postage.  They took the package and 5 days later it came back.  I asked the owner of this Post Net location and he stated that they did not tell me that it had to be removed from the original box and shipped in a different way.  The owner took the package, repackaged it and shipped it for me without even charging me anything.  I also got the BEST deal on a Pass Port photo!  Other locations were quoting $7.99 plus but they charged me only $5.99.  I also found out they can ship DHL- this is the best place to get all your shipping, pass port needs in one location!  Thank you for the excellent customer service and help!
5	I called Aru at PostNet for a special package(s) delivery to go from Summerlan to Orlando, FL and originally my package was sitting at UPS thanks to my Dad having the four boxes wrapped, sealed and boxed! This is were the story begins....I received a call to confirm and the bill would be $890 for everything and shipped within 5 business days as today is Monday and need it there by Friday. I thought that this price was pretty outrageous - so I called around and knew FedEx was a good alternative. This is when I contacted Aru at PostNet - Summerlan and could not have been happier. Aru took care of all my needs and promised me it would be delivered to my destination on time for Friday evening.  His quote was for $219 and the rest is History! I will from this point on Use PostNet and with the help of Aru, I look forward in using her services from now on!Aru and his Wife is very trustworthy and works very hard and would recommend him to anyone!
5	Sue and Aru have incredible prices and amazing customer service. I highly recommend their services!
5	This is a GREAT place to come to for passport photos, shipping, printing needs or copying. Located INSIDE Smith's right next to the bank, Aru & Sue are full service, speedy, friendly, & they have the best prices - $6 for 2 passport photos - can't be beat! I will go there again - nothing like supporting a small, local business who is as nice & professional as they are. They also do notary, faxing, shredding & logo designs! WOW!
5	I have been to PostalNet many times over the past few years for all sorts of different services, and I recommend them highly! Every experience that I have had with them has been positive; both of the owners (husband & wife I believe), are so helpful and friendly. So far, I have used them for passport photos and passport services (mailing, application, etc), usps shipping services, having a spare key made, money orders, and their notary services (I am a public notary myself, and can't notarize my own documents, so I can vouch for how thorough they are in this dept. especially!). My most recent visit was probably the sixth time that I have been in there, and it seemed high time that I sung their praises! Thanks guys! (If you're trying to find them, you should note that they are located inside the Smith's grocery store)
5	Aru was recommended to me by another business owner and I'm so happy I found him. I've used the printing service of Costco, OfficeMax, FedEx and VistaPrint and Aru not only beats their prices, but provides superior service and is available on a moments notice. I can't ask for more so now I do all of our business cards, posters, brochures and other business printing through Aru.Thank you Aru and Sue for being amazing :)
5	I needed passport photos and was lucky to stumble across this place (it's a little hidden inside the Smith's grocery store). They were ready in under 10 minutes and the price was right. Plus, the couple running the place were friendly and thorough - they confirmed I was applying for a U.S. passport and even asked if I needed a passport application.
5	I was going on a trip to Thailand and needed to get my photo taken for my passport. The manager Aru was so kind and helpful. When I expressed I didn't like the picture he took of me, he didn't hesitate to take another photo. They also have the ability to renew passports as well. Great service and friendly team.I also go here for many other things because it is located in smiths. I have also used there DHL shipping services.
5	Was in towm for a visit needed business services desperatley. This was the closest place to me they were great.  Knew what they were doing put my mind at ease. I even got my passport photos done!!!Thanks for your help Sue.
5	It's located inside Smith's. The service was outstanding! Please support this small business, the owners seem like very nice people.
5	Sweetest people ever!! They work hard, work to make you happy, and very knowledgeable. I refuse to go any place else. I cant seem to find the same amazing customer service anywhere else. The open hours are perfect, the location is convenient.  I just love it here!
5	I love coming to this place for all my "business" type needs. When I first started coming here I was pregnant and they helped me with printing, faxing, copying and even mailing all my invitations and announcements. Now, I just received my passport for both me and my son and the photos were done without a hitch and had no problems with them when I sent in our application. While getting the photos done I also found out they do Canadian passport photos, Mexican passport photos and told me when my passport expires they can do my renewal right there. This place is super convenient and the staff is super helpful too! I recommend this place to everyone I know.
5	I visited PostNet this afternoon to send an overnight letter to Alabama. They were very kind and helpful to get the letter completed so that it made the 430 pick up by FedEx. They are very professional kind considerate and caring. It's a great place to go if you're in a hurry and you need something done right by people who care.
5	I started a postbox here for my business and the people who own and work at this PostNet are so friendly and helpful.Definitely go if you're looking for incredible service.
5	Great service! I highly recommend it! The ppl who run the place stayed open late due to us running late. Durning that time several others walked in and the gentleman still helped everyone and answered ever call. Very pleasant and understanding!
5	They provide awesome service for Greasers Social Club.  Not only do they do a great job mailing out our packages, they also offer a courtesy call when we get packages and mail sent to our PO Box
5	Support this small business! Sue and Aru are the best two people you will ever meet, they are beyond amazing and extremely friendly! I have been coming to this location since 2007 for anything and everything I need done. I come here when I have a key to be made, packages to ship, & they even do notary! They will go out of their way to make sure you're happy, and they do it with a smile :)
5	I have had my P.O. box here for years.  Sue and Aru always greet  you with a smile, they are friendly and make you feel welcome. The service is great and the location is perfect.  In side Smiths. This is the place to come for all your postal needs plus more. You leave with a smile on you face.  Support this small business, Smiths would be a sad place with out them.Thanks for all you do for your customers,Carol J.
5	Really fantastic service. Had four passport photos taken; Aru really knew what he was talking about and how to take a good photo. As an added bonus, he was kind enough to even include the soft copy PSD!
5	I needed to drop off a package and he opened up his gates right when he was about to close and assisted me! Great service!
5	What you want, print, ship, key cut and notary with a friendly attitude.  Easy parking. Thank you!
5	When I need to ship something I come to this place Aru and  Sue are very friendly and helpful I will definitely recommend this place they always welcome you with a smile thanks
5	I have been doing business with Mr. Aru since 2004 and it has been a great pleasure. They go beyond what is necessary for their customer. Over the years we have become great friends. They have the best prices for business cards. They have can  saved me lots of money on business cards. You can't get better quality better prices. For a small business owner. They make my daily operation much better knowing I trust and rely on them.
5	I came here for passport photos, and Aru and Sue were very nice and accommodating. Aru actually used several of his glossy paper to experiment with printing my passport  pictures before confirming that he can accept my business as the specifications were out of ordinary.They stayed about 40 minutes past closing time on a Saturday afternoon just to help me!! Great customer service, friendly owners, and reasonable prices. Not much more this happy customer can ask for.I would definitely come back again. They also provide key duplication, notary and shipping services!!
5	Aru and his wife Sue saved me again!!I had some really important documents that I needed delivered via FedEx immediately. However, I was so busy during lunch hour, and all other places were closed after I got off work. I quickly called Aru and asked if he would mind staying open a little later for me. I was really hoping that he would say yes. Aru stayed an hour past closing time for me the last time I was there to take passport pictures, and sure enough Aru did not disappoint - he never does!! The FedEx man came in to claim the delivery for the day, and I was assured that my packet would make it the next day :)On top of that he gave me a very good price for next day delivery. I could not have asked for anything more - great service at cheap prices.I will never visit a regular post office/FedEx office here in Las Vegas again. These guys have me as their regular customer now even though there are other post offices much nearer to my place - it is more than worth the drive. I also got my car keys duplicated here. It works well and again, prices were fantastic.If I have any need for notary services, flyers, printing, binding, etc you best believe I'd come back to Aru's PostNet.
5	I've been doing business with Postnet for 3 years now and they have killer deals for business cards, banners and other printing needs. Affordable shipping and lowest prices on passport photos in town.
5	I started using PostNet here inside Smiths a few months ago, as my husband uses them all the time. I needed to have British passport photo's taken and they helped me with all the paperwork to re-new my British passport. The photo sizes for the UK are different than in the USA. Altogether from the time I sent my old passport back including photo's & paperwork, I received my new Passport back in 15 days. This small friendly company are smart, considerate, and very helpful. I would recommend to anyone. I am going over there today to send out my Christmas parcels to England, Ireland, and Cypress.  Thank you for being a great service.
