5	This company has a fantastic team and an excellent response time!No one ever wants to have to deal with the flooding and damage that happens after one of our lovely Arizona monsoons, but when water damage is way too much to deal with, you definitely want someone like Denise and Scott to help you out.  We're not in the Chandler area, but they were happy to travel to our Phoenix home and ensure someone was looking after it.Paul, their tech, is nothing but a professional, staying late and coming back early to ensure all the water-soaked carpet and nasty sludge was addressed.  Naturally, they have to use chemicals in their effort to control mold growth and to clean/sanitize the backflow-filled areas, but they weren't caustic or overpowering, and the clean smell lingers on.Fortunately, Denise worked with my insurance company to resolve the water pooling (and a subsequent broken pipe, too) and cleanup claim, and if it wasn't for their speed of service, I'm sure we would have had to replace our entire subfloor, carpet & tile, and even the baseboards.  They were so nice to deal with.I understand they do fire damage cleanup, too, but I hope we never need that.
5	Oh yeah, forgot to tell you about their website, which explains what they do and why, because there's always those unanswered questions.  servpronwchandler.comThere's a form you can fill out, but it's better to just call if you have questions about water or mold or fire damage problems.
5	Servpro helped me clean up my worst nightmare! My toilet supply line gave out while we were at work where water was left to trickle downstairs ALL DAY! I came home to find my downstairs floors soaking wet; Carpet, tile and pergo flooring throughout. I had no idea where the water was coming from until I looked up and found water dripping down from hanging sheetrock on my living room ceiling! I found the bathroom where the leak had began and eventually was able to get the water turned off at the source. What a mess!! I called Servpro, spoke with Denise and about an hour later I had Scott and Paul on my doorstep. They immediately began extracting the standing water to save carpet and tile. The pergo flooring did not end up so lucky and had to be removed due to the wood expanding. I was concerned about mildew or mold growing due to the water damage but Scott was able to sanitize the area to prevent that from happening. The guys worked all night to clean up and set up their drying equipment. They both were super nice and worked efficiently to make sure I was taken care of!Denise was able to walk me through the whole process and she was extremely helpful with any questions I had in regards to my insurance company and completing my claim. I can't tell you how he was able to work with my adjuster directly and alleviate my stress! I hope I never have a need for water damage repair but I will definitely keep their phone number on hand if anything like this ever happens again. Thank you Servpro!!
5	In so much as having a three or four large blowers drying one's home can be considered "pleasant";  this company and owner Scott  knows their business and is very professional. They are ON TIME, and FOLLOW THROUGH. Imagine that! If you need this type of service; USE THEM!!!
5	Scott and his team at Servpro did an outstanding job cleaning up the water damage in our basement.  They were at our house an hour after calling them.  They were helpful, friendly, knowledgeable, punctual and bottomline......did exactly what they said they were going to do and at a reasonable price.  I would definitely recommend their service and company!
5	I can't say enough about Scott and his team. I left a message early (early!) Fri morning and got a call back within 5 minutes. Within 60 minutes, Scott was here assessing our water damage and getting everything set up. He came by everyday to check on the progress and even came by Labor Day morning to take out the machines.  I hope we never need his service again, but if we do, he's our guy!
5	I can't say enough about Servpro and the excellent service they provided us! We live in Ohio and had a water leak in our condo that we rent out in Chandler! Servpro can in and did the mold remediation with such expertise and even made all the arrangements with our tenant, the plumber, and the contractor who had to rebuild the closet. Denise was so patient with me, even when I wasn't! Every time I called Denise, she was gracious , courteous, friendly and extremely helpful! What a true class act and a wonderful company! You will NOT be sorry if you call Serpro! They ROCK!
