5	I am quite aware that this is a chain Meican eatery, but I cannot get enough of it.  I'm a traditionalist and always order the crispy beef taco's with refried and rice.  The quality is there, the consistancy is there and always, the service is there.  If your lucky, a guy named "Philly" will deliver your food.  He is straight outta Mexico and for sure one of the happiest guys ever!  Bonus: the fresh chips and salsa are free (regular salsa and hot, I like to mix) and the white queso dip is spot on.
3	This is the first time I had been to an On the Border in some time.  Probably years, perhaps decades.  Had it not been a school fundraiser (tell the server, some percentage of your ticket goes to the school), I'm not sure we would have gone.  Even so, I'm not sure if we'll go back.Everything went well enough, it's just that it wasn't that great.For the longer version, read on...We started with the Guacamole Live.  Fancy name (and even fancier price) for the server to create a bowl of guacamole at the table.  It's actually pretty tasty - and I do love guacamole.  But is it worth the price tag?  Probably not.  You can get what is likely the very same stuff, albeit not made tableside, for much cheaper.  Or you can get it elsewhere.  And it's not like you're watching Tom Cruise in cocktail - the server just scoops out avocados and then mashes everything together.The chips, as mentioned previously, are endless.  And they are more like half a (crispy) taco shell than any other chip you might have seen elsewhere.  Nothing outstanding there.When it comes to the meal things get interesting.  One of our sons orders a burger from the kids menu.  No explanation - that's just the way it goes.  The other at least tries to get things going with an enchilada of sorts, and it looks pretty good.  But he didn't care for it.  Probably would have been better off with the burger.We also had a "three-sauce" burrito, that really isn't anything special (hey, it's a burrito).  It just had three different sauces on the top - not together, but in three areas.Finally, I went for the taco melt, because the description sounds good, all bubbly on a skillet.  This really fell down when there was no skillet in sight.  Instead, everything was served in a partitioned bowl (and a really small one at that).The food was fairly tasty, just odd that it didn't match up to the expectations that were set.It's also fairly loud at this location, almost like a fiesta is going on - that may or may not be intentional.At least the service is pretty decent.  Very rarely had to ask for a refill on either drinks or chips.If this is what you are after, you should be good to go.  Just not my cup of tea.
5	Service is great and food has plenty of flavor, just wish it was closer to my house
5	I am a huge fan of OTBs!  The food and atmosphere is top notch as far as chain restaurants go.  Like many mexican restaurants, the chips and salsa are free.  Free is always nice but their salsa recipe is what sets it above the rest.  Every time I go here, I order an appetizer.  I have yet to order the actual entree courses.  Haha.  From 4-6pm the apps are half off.  Can you really blame me?? Get the Nachos.  They make them just the way I like it.  Each large individual nacho is made with precision and loaded with cheese and steak/chicken/bean.  Do it!  Enjoy!  Oh yeah, a live mariachi band started playing on our way out.. Cool!Beers on tap:  Dos Equis (Amber and Lager), BL-lime, Blue Moon, Coors. Ps.  I had to stop here so I wouldn't miss the opening pitch of the Phillies game.  Just so happen that Roy Halladay went on to pitch a NO HITTER in his postseason debut.  Great sign!! Thanks OTB!-Ian M.
4	Always been a fan of On the Border!  Their chips and salsa are like crack... it's hard to stop once you start snacking on them while waiting on your main order.Some of my co-workers used to frequent this location a lot since its close to the office, but I have started to bring my lunch more.  We do our large group get-together lunches here and it's fairly reasonable in price.I'm a big sucker for tex-mex food anyways so On the Border is always in my list of options when considering going out to eat for lunch (when I don't bring my lunch).  Their lunch pick 2 combo is a favorite of mine.  Get a ton of food for a decent price and you can mix it up so it's hard not to get bored with this restaurant!The only drawback to this location is during big races, it's really hard to get in and out of the Concord Mills/Speedway Blvd area.  One time we were there for lunch and our server said to "stay away" for the race that coming weekend.  I thought it was funny, but she was just trying to save us from the hair-ripping, frustrating traffic jam situations that the races cause in the area.
3	An impromptu dinner out led us out to the OTB (I went ahead and abbreviated it).  Very quiet around 6 pm, and the hostess and waitress were very friendly. The guacamole was yummy and the bottomless nacho chips were just that... never ending!  My waitress did get my order wrong, but, hey chalk it up to human error.   Cute blondes get away with more anyway!  The fajitas were pretty good though on whole.  They also had a mariachi band...  LOUD!  It scared half the people sitting when he belted out the first note of whichever Spanish song they were butchering!  But was good for a laugh!  Not a guffaw, but a good chuckle :)  Price is about average, 15 bucks or so for a meal...  Just bring someone to split the tab with ya!
5	Great atmosphere and excellent service a wonderful experience!!!!!!
5	One of my favorite go to spots for Mexican - yes it's a chain - no it's not completely authentic - but it is YUMMY!   We went to OTB today for a Mother's Day meal with my "2nd" mom....and we sat on the patio because the weather was beautiful!We had peach margaritas and strawberry/mango sangria and both were very good!  The OTB chips and salsa are always bottomless and delish and this time was no different!  We chose Chorizo and Baha Fajitas and an Enchilada entree at our table of three and each went home with about as much as we ate.  We enjoyed the Turtle Empanadas for dessert and they were a perfect ooey gooey combination that was a great ending to a wonderful meal.Our waiter was great, our glasses never empty (or even close) the food was once again consistently good and a bill of $55 for drinks, entrees and dessert was a great deal!  Great choice for a meal with friends!
5	Sunday afternoon late lunch...tried a couple fo the new taco offerings from the newly redesigned menu.  I had the pick 2 taco for $7.99 plate with Achiote Chicken (it had grilled pineapple and a delicious dipping sauce) and the Southwest Chicken which was okay, not a whole lot of flavor.  He had a enchilada platter and was pleased with it.The Achiote Chicken will be a repeat choice and the salsa and chips are my fav of the chain restaurants.  Great service, quiet afternoon crowd and a overall enjoyable experience for right at $20 for 2.
4	Another consistent visit at OTB.  I had the queso chicken this time and it was really good.  Big piece of chicken with some really yummy lemon cilantro rice and veggies!  Great birthday dinner out with a group of 9 with no wait on a Sunday evening.  Great servce with Chris and everyone seemed please with their selections except for my sister who had a citrus salad that she felt like would have been better if the chicken was hot and not served cold.  Of course had to do the obligatory swinging of the napkin while the crew sang...but I did get a brownie with ice cream that was ok...brownie was a little too cooked for me, but a nice treat nonetheless.
4	Achiote Tacos on this visit and it was very good with grilled pineapple and veggies.  I didn't love the sauce on the side, so I just skipped it and added salsa to it instead.  Probably my favorite chips and salsa at a chain restaurant and I ate my fair share this trip.  Two margaritas and two tacos and I was good to go for New Year's Eve with friends.  Yes, It's a chain, yes it's a pain to go to the mall to visit, but OTB is pretty consistent and we'll be back I'm sure!
4	I love everything about this place.  I usually go with the Big Bordurrito with re-fried beans instead of the salad.  They are just much more tasty and seem to compliment the burrito much more than a salad does.  I have had their fresh, made at your table guacamole on a few occasions and can attest to it being "REAL."  Its fresh, and you can taste it.The chips and also are perfect, they are the quintessential chips and salsa and are what every Tex-Mex establishment should serve up.  The salsa is excellent and always tastes and looks fresh.I go here at all sorts of times, after movies or shopping at Concord Mills, or my gf and I will grab a Big Bordurrito to go and sit it at home in front of the television.  Sometimes I just go on a random weekend day for lunch and sit at the bar, drink a few Dos XX  Ambers on draft and do work on the Big Bordurrito.  The bar tenders are always chill but on the job, ready to fill you up with more salsa or get you another beer whenever you need.  I can't really speak for any other menu items other than the Big Bordurrito and the table-side guacamole. Both are extremely tasty and you get big portions of each.  I know its a chain, but what can I say, I AM A FAN, and of course, I WILL be back soon!
4	Apparently I've stayed away from chains a little too long, because I didn't realize what I was missing. "gave-in" if you will on a trip and agreed to eat at a major chain restaurant (which I rarely, if ever, do). Wow, was I surprised. The chips came out hot and well salted, the service was prompt, courteous, and actually quite enjoyable. The menu isn't your boring fake Mexican food and had plenty of both traditional, healthy, and gourmet options. Since I was in a "give it a shot" mood, we sampled the ultimate loaded queso and could really have made a meal out of that. Not your typical white cheese boring, this conglomerate of cheese, refried beans, guac, beef, sour cream, and deliciousness was very tasty. For the entree, opted for the enchilada trio and was in heaven with the barbacoa, green-chili chicken, and sour cream version. Also sampled some of the tamales and while non-traditional, had a great flavor and the pork was very tender.I don't normally say this, but this is one chain I wouldn't mind giving repeat business too! (and already have once before I could write this)
3	Guacamole live is the real deal. The soft shell tacos were so so. Server was ok but the food runner was the man. He sings, always upbeat and more attentive than our server.
2	Went here with my people and it was just okay. I've never really been an On The Border fan and I seem to forget that until I go again and decide I don't really like the food (again). This time I tried some enchiladas (my favorite) but they put this weird white sauce on it and it was not yummy. Chips and salsa were good but that's about it.
4	My girlfriends and I stopped in last night for a quick bite before our movie and were very happy with our experience.  We were told it would be about a 25 min wait, but we were seated in about 15mins.  We ended up only ordering apps and margaritas.  Our server, John, was super friendly, attentive and quick to bring our items and check on us often. The pear margarita was delicious!!!!  We will definitely return.
5	WOW YOU MUST EAT HERE!! Great food and even better service!!  The warm chips and delicious, spicy salsa kept coming.  The food was really good Mexican style food that came on HOT plates and was beautifully presented.  The kids meal even comes with an ice cream sundae.  The best thing about our meal was that JESSICA'S service was the best service EVER!  She filled our drinks often, checked on us often, made sure we knew food, chips, or drink refills were on their way, and was very friendly to us and our 3 year old.  So respectful and courteous that we felt welcomed to be there because of the great atmosphere.  Thanks for the delicious food and the AWESOME service!! We will definitely be back!
1	Run the other way. Seriously. My boyfriend and I ate here almost a year ago and it still sticks in our mind as the worst place we've ate since moving to Charlotte. It's actually a comparison for other crappy restaurants ("Yeah, it was bad. But at least it wasn't On the Border bad.")And the sad thing is, it's not that the place was disgusting or the service was terrible, it's that the food tasted that crappy.The first thing we got was, of course, chips and salsa. I've never had chips and salsa I didn't like, until coming here. Seriously, how can you screw up chips and salsa?Then we got some guacamole, hoping it could alleviate the situation. I like guacamole, and my boyfriend's addicted to the stuff. The guacamole didn't even taste like avocados, frankly, it didn't have much of a taste at all. I ordered the Dos XX fish tacos as my meal. I like fish tacos, I like Dos XX, this should be good right? NOPE!  After half a taco, I couldn't do it. The super fishy taste blended with way too much cabbage and some crappy sauce. The boyfriend got a steak burrito-his staple at any Mexican restaurant. A few bites later he looked at me and said, "It's just not good." After staring awkwardly at each other and the food, we finally asked for the check. The server asked if we wanted to a to-go box. For probably the first time in my life, I declined. Because who was I kidding, this crap was unfit to consume.The most surprising part: Beer didn't make it better. And beer makes everything better.
4	Well-run Mexican chain restaurant. Attitude of employees goes a long way here. They act like they actually enjoy serving food and drink to customers. Who wants to have delicious food served by grumpsters. Our clan had a long wait at the bar and even though only one of us was having alcohol (me!), the bartenders were omnipresent and friendly, handing out bountiful baskets of chips with salsa and making cherry Cokes for the little one. Decor and seating were above average, with a roaring gas fireplace and interesting art on the walls. I think the menu is perfectly fine and a bit more inventive than local chains. Brisket and taco-stand tacos are standouts. The guacamole tasted like fresh avocados and the lager beer was fresh. I usually run far away from chains but when in this part of town there isn't much choice. I'd recommend this place unless you absolutely hate Tex-Mex food, in which case I feel sorry for ya, buddy.
5	Foods always pretty good. The key is to get good service! Skyelar was a stellar waitress! Very polite ad attentive!! She kept our drinks full and chips full!
5	Great for lunch on a warm spring day on the patio. Went with my bf and got some mango margaritas on special for cinco! Waitress was really nice and brought us extra chips and salsa already packed up with our Togo boxes. I thought that was an awesome extra touch without us even asking... Now we have dinner :)
4	I don't go to this OTB often but when I do they never disappoint. This location has always had exemplary service with very attentive servers. The food is always good, and I love their chips and salsa. The regular salsa is pretty hot so you can request mild if you'd prefer.  As several other posters have noted, they will give you a bag of chips and cup of salsa to take home, which is a nice touch.
4	Always a solid choice for my after-shopping munches. I appreciate their "lower-calorie" selection. Con: is usually loud, lots of families with kids, no drink specials Thursday-Sunday.
4	The wife was regretting her taco salad after tasting my steak tacos. Just sayin'.
3	Good place  if you like spicy Mexican!  I had dinner here with some colleagues on a work trip and all of the food was really spicy. Thankfully, we all had margaritas that toned down the heat. Overall, huge place, nice atmosphere, Margaritas were really good, too much spice on food. Will come back next time I'm in the area but with more attention paid to the ingredients next time!
4	Probably the best chain I've eaten at.I had the street-style carnitas tacos, because I'm always all over stuff with carnitas. The soft corn tortillas were on the tiny side (even for street tacos, which generally annoy people because they're so small.) but they heaped the pork on, which made he tacos not so skimpy even though the tortillas were small. The pico de gallo and avocado slices were a good touch too.Probably the only thing they should do to the dish is add more cilantro, actual taqueria tacos usually have copious amounts of it, and the places I go are definitely heavy handed.The service was good, although for some strange reason my dad's food was brought out beforehand, and no indication was given that the server couldn't carry it all, etc. Just "oh here's your enchiladas". He did show up two minutes later with the other three dishes, but those two minutes were kind of awkward. Might have been that the kid was new?Over all, definitely a solid choice.
5	My family and I love this place! The chips and salsa are so addicting my husband and I end up getting more cause our girls divulge it! They even end up eating our salsa. My favorite dish is the New Mexico. I love chile rellenos! My favorite alcohol drink is the Sangria Swirl so delicious!
5	This is regular tex/mex spot weekly. Chips, salsa, queso dip, tacos, fajitas, salads, etc it's all good.Service is top notch.
5	Try to go every couple of weeks because it is my favorite Mexican food place but last night was especially good. Used the free coupon from val-pak and had the flank steak as my dish. It really is always a good consistent product.
1	0 stars!  I ordered the brisket quesidillas and suffered 36 hours of horrific food poisoning after. All they did was refund my $11 bill and give me coupons to come back again. NEVER!
