1	WOAH!  Where to start?  Before my naive self knew about Vegas and the likes, I thought that a good cheap place to stay would be here.  WHAT A MISTAKE.  From start to finish, here it goes.This was my third time going to Vegas.  I wanted to stay on the new strip, but didn't want to pay an arm and a leg to do so.  I decided to pop my head in this place and rent a room for the night.  I believe the room costs around $80 with taxes for a Saturday (and had I known then what I know now, I would have stayed downtown!).  So, after check it, my fiance and I went in to our room. And this my friend, is where it all began......to go downhill that is.How does one even begin to describe the class of decor presented in this little blow of a devil's fart?  I think my personal fav for the 1st room we got put in was the assembly of the curtains over the window.  The air conditioning unit was conveniently located directly under the window and to the right.  Apparently, the curtain they purchased, which looked like an old comforter from the 60's was too long, so they just cut out a square to leave an opening for the AC unit.  WTH?!I needed to shower...bad.  After laying down a crusty towel on the bottom of the shower (who knows what funk lingered in this pit) I turned on the water...and waited...and waited...and turned the knob...and waited...and turned the knob...and waited.  The water just NEVER got HOT!Phone call to the front desk.  New room.  Bottom level.This room had an odd scent of lysol.  Perhaps a crack dealer lived in here at one time as there was a mini stove top in the room.  The bathroom, equally as grimey as the last room, had a window in to an alley way behind the building.  Effin' HOOD!  I wanted fresh air in the room to get rid of the scent of old hookers and cleaning solution, but did not feel safe!The quickest thing on my mind was getting the hell out of this place.  Mgmt would not offer us a refund (even though we had only been in the establishment for less than 1 hour), so we left the room to go out and venture.  QUICK FACT: The second room had serious issues with the door knob/locking.  Apparently this room had been broken in to one to many times and was extremely loose.  We definitely were hesitant to leave this place with our belongings in it.To all you people wanting more information, I urge you not to stay here.  Do some research and go plop it on the old strip somewhere.  I guarantee that the rates won't be more and you will have a MUCH safer and better experience!!!
1	I'd rate 0 star if I could... This place is awful!! Beds were not clean! TV was broke and would not even turn on... The AC plugins in the wall are hanging out of the wall and have no covers!! There was still trash in the trash cans.... Used Q-tips on the floor and window seals...wtf? Paint pealing off the walls, room was not clean at all ...oh and they had no toilet paper in the bathroom...wish I had time to take pics of it all....I highly recommend you DO NOT stay here!
1	Horrible motel! I wish I would have read the reviews on here The rooms are extremely filthy and unkept The towels and bed sheets did not look clean at all even after I asked for replacements I don't understand what type of establishment they are trying to run here! This place seems perfect for crack heads and hookersNever will I stay here ever again lesson learned.
