1	This store is NASTY.  The hubbie will shop here, but after my last visit about 4 months ago, I am proud to say I have not gone anywhere near it and am committed to never set foot in it again.The parking lot is horribly lit, very dirty.  Gee, nice you have a security car, but why not put up more lights??Once you walk into the store, the place has an odd smell, kinda chemical, like everything has been dunked into some odd preservative or de-louser.The shopping carts are covered in a greasy grime; I would hunt for one that I could stomach putting my purchases inside.Wal-mart's lack of cleanliness makes it easy for me to pay a little more to shop at Target.
1	I like Wal Mart. I really do. Just not this one. I feel like I need to take a shower after I'm done shopping here.
2	Ok, yeah it's Wal-Mart.  I know I know, the epitome of all corporate evil and all that crap.  But let's face it, sometimes a girl needs a new door knob, a $10.00 vinyl purse, some new panties, and a garden hose at 2:00 am.  Where else can you go?However, this Wal-Mart has seen better days.  It's like the old lady at the end of the bar, well past cougar status, but still tarted up and trying, and just ending up scarier than anything.They are currently undergoing a MASSIVE renovation - not sure what all they plan, but the store is a mess right now - impossible to find anything, nothing makes sense.  Once this is done, and the remodeled store is in order, I will review again, and hopefully raise my rating.  For now, I would rather drive farther and not spend 30 minutes wandering around and wishing I had a Sherpa.
2	They finally have replaced the lit up sign outside that fell down in about August 2007 which still hadn't been replaced when I was here in August 2008.  I stopped in to check out their garden department but the store was being seriously renovated and rearranged so it was hard to find anything.  After I walked about two miles looking at everything I paid for my purchases and left(4/19/09)
3	This place has been recently renovated (as of September 2009) to include a Wal-Mart grocery store. I don't think it qualifies as a "Supercenter" because it lacks a McDonald's and a bank and a vision department and all that. But I was pleased to be able to have an alternative for grocery shopping in the neighborhood.After some growing pains experienced in their inventory, they finally started carrying the Yakult probiotic beverage in their dairy section. I drink this stuff daily to stay regular (become friends with your intestinal flora, I say), and have been miffed to find that it sells for $3 a six-pack. But this Wal-Mart carries the cheap, Mexican alternative Bio Salud for 88 cents a six pack!But allow me to climb down from my gastrointestinal soapbox... The groceries at this Wal-Mart are not always the best quality (e.g. the bacon I purchased was quite fatty, and the shredded Parmesan was less flavorful than most), but you can find some bargains here. And then there's always the rest of the store to explore for those random items you never knew you needed.
1	OMG this location is nasty. I went to this walmart for the first time and was the last time. Being that I just moved to the area and this is the closest walmart I was excited going in w/ high hopes but as I started walking in from the parking lot I noticed the parking lot was unmaintained. I walked in and noticed the people who work there, they were just deeply staring at me like they never seen a women before and made me feel really uncomfortable. As I was shopping I noticed this walmart isn't very big compared to the avarage supercenter so I got what I needed and as I was checking out the cashiers were very unprofessional, didn't know what they were doing and felt the vibe like they just didn't care about their job. I now go the extra mile to go the better cleaner walmart instead of this one.
1	Ghetto. Quality and selection seems to have gone way downhill.
1	This is not a complaint against JUST this particular WalMart! Consumers beware! I believed their ads about cashing checks for $3 each. I went to WalMart to cash my payroll check (because my bank was closed and I need the $ to pay my rent). I put in my social security number and was refused. Of course they don't tell you why; I'm thinking it has to do with the company I work for. Turns out...WALMART will ONLY cash checks for people with superior credit. NOW, shouldn't they say that in their ads instead of wasting my time finding a place to park and then waiting in line as customer service just to be refused? I was humiliated!  What does MY credit have to do with cashing my payroll check????? I will NEVER step foot in WALMART again!
3	For late night shopping, this expanded Wal-Mart really does the job.  I'd still rather give my money to other companies, but sometimes they are the only place open.The renovated store is much nicer, but some of the items seemed to be in weird, unexpected places.  I have to say, they did a nice job with the new bathrooms, and that's a plus.Overall, the staff there seems to be trying to rise above the fact they work at a Wal-Mart and is much friendlier and more professional then they were in the past.
1	Let me preface this Yelp Review with this point: I can appreciate the low prices that Wal-Mart provides, but I generally think Wal-Mart as a corporation is the scum of the Earth.  This Wal-mart specifically is super ghetto, people take their small children shopping at 11:00 at night, and the employees are extremely unprofessional.  Case in point: my girlfriend stopped at this Wal-mart the other night to get a few things because this location is very close to my house.  Upon entering the store we realized that we would need a cart.  I circled back to where the carts are usually kept to grab one but there were none to be found.  I noticed that Wal_mart had two "greeters" at the door not doing anything.  I asked one of the greeters if they had any carts available, and she responded that all the carts were in the parking lot and if I wanted one I should go out in the parking lot and get one. I said "Seriously? You don't have any carts for your customers?"  She reiterated that I would have to go out to the parking lot and find a cart.   I always assumed that the greeters role (besides putting those little stickers on returns) was to provide customers with a cart.   Wal-mart - since when is it the customer's job to collect carts for you?  You are the wealthiest corporation in the world, I'm sure you can pay someone minimum wage to collect your carts.  If you want customers to shop and return, maybe you will learn the concept of customer service.
3	Subsequent to my review of Wal-Mart, I was contacted by one of their store managers who apologized to me for my unsatisfactory experience at Wal-Mart.  The manager asked me details of what happened the night I was at the store and advised me that it is not Wal-Mart's policy to make customers retrieve carts from the parking lot.  I was also sent a gift card and an invitation to come back to Wal-Mart.  I give Props to Wal-Mart for good response to a negative review and handling it well.
4	The electronics people are great and actually know something about electronics. I love how the receipts print on both sides to save paper. I also love that the security ppl watch u check out so u dont have to stop to show your receipt and wait for them to find the item on it. The downside, I think  this store has fewer items in it than the one we used to live by, and the layout is hard to get used to. I couldnt find any of my usual light bulbs there, had to go to Home Depot
2	This Wal-Mart was converted into a SuperCenter a few years back but I gotta say they still don't carry a lot of items that other "true" SuperCenters offer. And I mean A LOT. I have found myself on several occasions having to drive to another Wal-Mart just to pick up certain things that this store should but does not carry. And to top it all off I don't think I've ever witnessed more than 5 or 6 cashiers on duty at any given moment. They always seem to be understaffed so if you decide to stop by be ready for at least a 5 to 10 minute wait in line depending on what time you go. (P.S. This one doesn't have self checkout lines.)
2	This Walmart is a hellhole, even for a Walmart (and I remember when it was nice and new and Walmart was a place you could buy things made in America!). They hilariously spared every expense in converting it to a SuperCenter, so you can walk around the store and tell where they just bolted more, new store onto the existing, run-down store. It's great.And it still smells weird. Less like pee than it used to, but still not good.
2	Terrible store lay out.  Clearly designed by a tired 3 year old with ADD
4	Older Chandler location, remodeled and updated.
4	I prefer this Walmart over others because it's one of the smaller ones.  It's easier to navigate, and I've always been able to find what I want/need.I've never had to wait too long in line to check out.
1	Their pharmacy is both accusatory and ignorant.  They question you about your purchases to the point that they might as well just come out and ask you if you are a drug user.  I understand that there are rules to follow, but it can be done professionally and employed through common customer service skills.  Simple questions like "oh, your a diabetic, what kind of insulin do you use" or "so, can you tell me a little about why you need the longer needles" rather than literally arguing with us for several minutes about the purchase of insulin supplies and accusing their customer of being a heroin junkie. Professionalism fail.  Knowledge of medicine fail.  Customer service fail. If there were an option for no stars at all I would have taken it.I will never go back to another Walmart again after the way we were treated here.
3	What can I say? It's Wal-Mart. If I can't find what I'm looking for at a decent price at the Frys next door, I end up here. It's definitely cleaner and not as SCARY as the Wal-Mart on Elliot Rd. But I sure wish there were self-checkouts at this location. You know, for those times when you want to pay for your tampons and RUN! Also, like any Wal-Mart . . . avoid on Sunday. It's crawling with classic examples of, "Should have used a condom!" parenting.Update 4/22: Self-checkouts have arrived - single box o' tampon purchasers, REJOICE! :)
3	It's Walmart. I enjoy te scenery
3	There's not much to put for this, it's a Wal-Mart , if you've been to one you have basically been to all. This is a Wal-Mart that is on the smaller side so if you need something that is a little strange, go to the walmart on Country Club. Their staff is pretty helpful for a Wal-Mart. They don't have a Subway or McDonalds but they have a pretty good Deli. Careful for the tamales there though. Being in Phoenix I thought " Oh real Mexican tamales"... did I forget I was at Wal-Mart and the chance of me becoming a millionaire was greater than the chance of those being homemade?! Live and learn!
2	Blah. Not the best Walmart around. I only go for Location but I've been to plenty better. Some of the staff at this location aren't exactly the brightest or the friendliest compared to other walmart stores in the valley. Wait times can be absolutely ridiculous even late at night. Store could be kept up much nicer if any effort was put in at all, right now it looks like they hired a bunch of 12 year old boys to clean it. Messy. May be due to understaffing and I get that one person cannot keep up with a 24 hr store of that size. My advice pick a different walmart to go to or another store. I minimize my trips here to simply little things.
5	It's my Walmart...I think most of the reviews are based on how unruly some kids are or how it's parking lot is bare (what the bloody 'ell are they supposed to do to the parking lot?? Put a veteran out there shooting beer from his M-16 while simultaneously cooking bacon and feeding it to his one eyed walrus??) it's a parking lot!!!! It's small, easy to navigate and MOST importantly: they remember my name, ask me if I found all I was looking for and always have fresh fruit. This makes up for EVERYTHING else...but if you want a SAMS club feel with excitement and bite sized entrees to sample... Go to SAMS..just saying. The store manager is a great guy and it's under new management. Stop by and tell him how your shopping experience was..it will shock you as to how quickly he will respond. Yeah Frys is here (they also sell Chinamade products) AND it costs more!!! Sooooo...shop small and affordable or go to Frys (where they have no associates..and pay for the emmm ambience) your choice mates.
2	This is the closest WalMart to me so I find myself having to come here from time to time. On average though, it's not as clean or as well stocked as other WalMarts out there. The main reason for the review is that I called this morning to see if they had a specific item I saw in their website in store. I got put on hold- waited 5 mins and finally hung up. I called back, explained what had happened only to get put on hold again for ANOTHER 5 mins. At this point I said F it, drove the extra 9 miles out of the way and bought it at another WalMart that I knew would have it in stock. It's not that I have anything against WalMart (though I prefer Target), but the service/quality at this one is such crap that it's not worth coming here.
4	Staff is friendly and its open 24.
2	Don't go here if you need anything. They tried making it into a super Walmart but failed miserably.  There is no one around and if you need anything, go to the other two walmarts that are 3 miles apart, in the opposite direction. Super fail.
3	As far as Walmarts go, this one isn't the worst I've seen so far. OK, I know thats not a glowing recommendation.. so first I'll give you my positive impressions. It was very well organized and clean and the people at the tills and even those that check your receipts at the exit were very friendly indeed.What I did not enjoy, was what an utter maze this place was.. Couldn't they just make a whole bunch of aisles and make it easy to navigate? Instead it was these little pocket islands of oddly arranged merchandise. One almost needs a GPS to get to the part of the store you're looking for.
4	I shop at this Wal-Mart frequently because the associates are nice and helpful.It's supposed to be a super walmart but its too small so they don't have everything a REAL super walmart has but its still nice to shop here.I go to this one specifically for the meat because they have some good sized steaks and other meats without much fat.Overall my experiences here are always good and if there's ever any problem at all, the Manager always makes it right.
4	My BF got a bike from this location and they were very helpful with fitting the bike into the car and helping us choose what the best bike was for us. Good Customer service... at least when ti comes to the bikes!
