3	Good selection of gourmet goodies. The guy in the meat/cheese department was helpful and friendly. Lots of bottled water and grab-n-go items.On our way our some employees who, apparently, were recently off the clock, were yelling for each other both in the store and out in the parking lot ( "HOPE, HOPE, HOPE..."  I guess Hope has trouble hearing?) They were focused on speeding up and slowing down quickly in the parking lot and almost ran into our car.
4	They're open til 10pm on weekends which is nice.  Our movie at Phillips Place Stadium was sold out so we came in to grab a sandwich and easily killed an hour in the cafe area while waiting for the next showing.  On my next visit I'll browse the wine selection.  This is a great date spot with lots of hip young foot traffic.
3	We love Dean and Deluca and head there often, especially the one in the Philips Place area. I tell you, everything there is so convenient, and there's everything: nice dining, cheap dining, movies, shopping. But I digress. Dean and Deluca, too, is great for everything: gourmet shopping, prepared food, or a nice snack. My girlfriend always complains that it's too pricy, and she's kinda right: a small container of potato salad was like $10. But it's soooo good, and so hard to turn down. I love their grilled chickens and their various salads: the salad bar is amazing, as are their tuna salads, eggs salads, pasta salads. If you're a lover of all types of salad, this place is perfect for you. It's your heaven. This D and D is huge, so you can really stock up on every nice thing you need to fill a pantry or fridge (if you've got the bucks). Great coffees, too. It's the best, really. I go back too much.
4	Dean & Deluca is a fun place to browse if you're looking for specialty food items you can't find in your local Harris Teeter, like different types of pastas, sauces, oils, and herbs.  Although a bit on the high-end for my budget, they also have a lot of gourmet cheeses, deli meats, prepared salads and sushi, and desserts.   For special occasions, they have some of the most beautiful cakes I've ever seen which, too, are *quite* a bit higher-priced than your box o' Betty Crocker cake mix.   Their bottles of wines are usually pretty reasonably priced, though. While strolling around Phillips Place before or after a movie (and I'm not in the mood for alcohol at the Dean & Deluca wine bar across the street), I like to pop into this Dean & Deluca for some coffee and a little carb treat.  Scone or muffin, anyone?  Conveniently, they have seating both indoors and outdoors, depending on the weather.
4	There's something about Phillip's Place that reminds me of my beloved home in California.  The outdoor style, old towne construction and lo and behold, a Dean and Deluca!I love Dean and Deluca.  It's a foodie's paradise packed into a small, navigable shop.  You have your ready-to-eat/deli, your barista, your bakery,  your confectionery, your butcher, cheese etc. all in one place.  The best part: the staff are knowledgeable and friendly, plus you get to taste samples.  I used to turn my nose up at ready-made dips or sauces, but this place has some great ones.Try the Bread and Butter Pickle Jalapeno Dip by Fiesta - mix that with some cream cheese and you've got one tasty dip!  Make sure you don't accidentally buy the overly spicy Texas Longhorn brand.  Their Roasted Red Pepper and Onion dip is delicious too.  If you're looking for a hard to find vinegar, oil or seasoning - chances are, you'll find them at Dean and Deluca (albeit at a slightly higher price point).I like buying bread there and on my way out, I grab a Chai latte - they make the best!
4	Wow! A treat for your senses for sure! The moment you walk in you are greeted with colorful, beautiful, edible things!! Classical music plays while you walk through the store.It is fun to buy a hot drink and walk around the store looking at all the gourmet items. Definitely don't go hungry or plan to eat there. They have boxed sushi, made-to-order sandwiches, hot and cold dishes, etc. The candy and cake sections will make you stop in your tracks. The artistic decorating is something to talk about. Definitely fancy and expensive! The items are definitely pricey, but it is such a nice experience to see beautiful food! (But I had to laugh because their stock shelves look like the wire shelves you can buy at Walmart...so the next time I looked in my pantry I said, "Look, I have a little section of Dean and Deluca in my home.")
3	Very nice place to shop for sauces, spices, hard to find items, etc.But as far as their food is concerned, we tried about 6 different items, only one of which was really good.  The rest were bland and totally uninteresting.  Caviar & Bananas in Charleston, a similar establishment on a smaller scale, is far superior with much tastier food.
4	They do have consistently good salads, sandwiches, & coffee.  The gourmet takeouts are hit or miss.
5	One of my favorite places to go when I could care less what I spend. I love having a quick lunch here or shopping for unique culinary delights! They have an excellent cheese counter and of course carry the best selection of jams, sauces, and treats of all kinds.Makes me want to learn to cook, but in the meantime happy to have lime shrimp and a little pink can of Sofia for lunch..
4	You can always depend on D&D (dungeons & dragons) for good coffee and sandwiches.  I know it is a million dollars, but it's good quality, so you let it slide.  They are offering omelets now, they have a little omelet station, a few toppings for $6., I couldn't believe my eyes.  I also had a great cup of coffee today too.  When we were leaving, they put out grill cheeses wrapped in paper to serve with a cup of soup.  What a great idea!  They also had some jars of soup for $11, just to remind you that you are at D&D!
5	What a great concept.  I love places like this.  A swanky grocery store that has great food with quality ingredients.  It's basically a shop where you can order from the deli, and they have ginormous amounts of salads and other things you can sample and then buy by the pound.I went and had an empanada, a small sushi box, and some spaghetti squash.  Oh man, the squash was so smooth.  The workers behind the counters were friendly, and maybe it was complete luck, but the girl scooped exactly .25 lb of the squash into the bowl (I guess including the weight of the bowl) but still, i was fairly impressed.They also have a ton of great drinks like Saranac cream soda, dr roberts, izze, etc.  It is kinda expensive, but it's good food, so it's worth a splurge now and then.
3	Ah, the 90s. Pre-locavore. Every epicurean item from every corner of the globe, available for purchase and consumption without regard for seasons, distances, expense, or appearing PC. Dean and Deluca rocks that decade with panache, and not even an inkling of shame. Awesome.Nevermind that the cheeses have no prices posted. Nevermind that things here (vinegar, certain brands of truffle oil, falafel chips, bouillion) are twice as much as they are at neighboring and (shockingly) more affordable Earth Fare, even. Prices carefully tucked under the bottom of jars, bags, boxes, as if displaying them prominently would be garish or uncouth - this is not a bargain hunter's place to shop. Small, selective section of kitchen implements - not meant to be of use in dire need, but trends - microplanes and zesters, mezzalunas. Spotless shelves in perfect order. Truffled products of every imaginable use - nori salt - the olive bar might be the only thing here leaning towards pedestrian. Chico-and-Nordstrom's-clad ladies abound. Service can be icy, but always well informed. Is the coffee superlative? Not at all, but it's not obscenely priced either.A quick note on the cheese counter - large and global, and the few times I've bought a hunk, it had obviously been well cared for, but EF's, down the street, is larger and more locally focused. Go there instead.Would I shop here regularly? If I made so much money that a 50 percent mark up on standard exotics didn't ruffle my feathers, maybe. It's clean, classy, well staffed, culinarily inspiring. Do I come here now? For a very short list of things sold here and no where else in Charlotte, I do. But wise shoppers know where to buy those falafel chips and truffle oils for half the price. For the most part, I'll be with them.
2	If you're used to the "right coast" or "left coast" locations of this place, you'll be sadly disappointed by Charlotte's offerings. Super small, minimal selection, and their pastry items tend to run on the stale side of  "a day old."
3	When I moved here, I was shocked to see there was a few locations in Charlotte after only knowing it from visiting NYC. I love just wondering around in there and seeing what creative sauces, desserts, sushi, prepared meals, etc. they have. My parents love Dean and Deluca and demand we go each time they to visit and we often go there for free samples but were disappointed this last time (Lavor Day Wknd) b/c they didn't have any out, whats up with that? While their stuff is pricey, it's worth the splurge every now and then. We all deserve something nice (and tasty) right?
5	I love this Dean & Deluca. It has everything you could want, including an outdoor area for relaxing! If you go here knowing it's going to be on the pricey side, then you'll be fine. Make sure to order from the deli; whether hot or cold, they'll serve it to you with class. Sushi, salad, sandwiches, desserts, coffee, treats, etc, etc. I find myself stopping here frequently before movies at Phillips Place. Somehow always need a bag of treats before heading to the movie. Haven't purchased the meat/fish yet as it's a little pricey for me, but if I'm there for some unique eats and drinks, it works perfectly for me. This is one chain that I'm a fan of :)
4	An ode to my dear Dean & Deluca,Oh Dean how I adore thee,And your $6 bag of tiramisu caramels, how I wish they were free.I like to visit you before I head into a movie,And smuggle in a chai latte, that's super duper groovy. You are a chain but I don't mind too much,Because you continuously offer me a filling, tasty lunch. Yes you're expensive but I love your free snacks, I sometimes pretend it's a buffet and initiate my attack. I know I'll be back to partake in some eats,And probably leave with a bag full of treats.
4	Oy! Sensory overload.  Be careful or you might hurt yourself trying not to pass out from all the yummy choices or destroy your budget after you discover this place~
4	Food is excellent, but they don't bake all their own bread anymore, and I think the walnut raisin bread was better when they did it themselves.  Samples are a nice thing.  Atmosphere is good, but a bit crowded.  I go about 3 times a year.
4	The French Macarons & Peanut butter buckeyes are the best anywhere!  They are completely amazing! Great customer service too! The only problem is their prepared food is good but can be on the salty side ie: Quinoa, vegetable dishes, tuna salad, etc... Overall a good experience.
4	Very cool place
4	Snooty but way better than other corporate alternatives.
5	Let's put the prices aside - Dean & Deluca is the epitome of a gourmet market. Where else can you buy rose infused risotto, marzipan, Chianti red wine jelly? Talk about the perfect place to get a gift for a culinarian!There's always something for everyone at all hours of the day - coffee bar, wine bar, sandwich bar, salad bar, and the deli. My favorites: garbanzo, feta & eggplant salad, and the sweet & sour sesame tofu.
3	A little too pricey sandwich-wise, but it was good.
3	Sigh. I love your food.  But your prices are insane in the membrane. $6 for a tin of gummy bears I can find at the gas station for 50 cents? Hmm...I must be paying for the tin and the D&D sticker.  The salads are super fresh with premium ingredients.  The field greens, goat cheese, pine nuts, roasted red peppers and balsamic salad is delicious, but before they offered the smallest sized box, my salad has weighed in at more than $15. The prepared foods section has always been delicious, so just buy it, close your eyes and swipe your credit card.  It helps you stomach the price. (I once bought a small container or prepared shrimp, and it was about $7 for maybe 12 shrimp. Again, the less you think about the price, the better your food will taste. My only issue is sometimes the bakery case in the back, the desserts aren't the freshest.  They're a couple days old in some cases.  If I'm paying $7 for a tiny cheesecake, it better be from today. The customer service is always good, which is why I still shop here.PS:  I sometimes play the "guess how much" game with my friends.  Siracha hot sauce that costs $1.60+ at the Asian market is about $6 at D&D.  Same with a bottle of avocado oil. I've gotten the same brand at Target for about 1/3rd less.
4	Definitely a fan, however I can only make it to D&D occasionally.... mostly due to it's location.... but it can get pricey too.  Awesome selection of prepared  food - I like that you can eat it there or take it home to share for parties (or hoard for yourself - which I mostly do).I wish I cooked at home more, but they have a great selection of items that you can't find in the regular grocery store.  Makes me want to aspire to one day know how to cook well.I do want to mention that I had this strange feeling when I first walked in of someone yelling, "Your Challenge Begins NOW" and I had this overwhelming urge to run into the stores and think up of a signature dish.   Been watching too much Top Chef/Chopped/Hell's Kitchen/Cooking Channel .....
1	I hate to have to do this but I had such an awful experience today!  I visit the Uptown location so I had high hopes, but was extremely let down.  Long story short, I waited 20 minutes in line for a salad (there were only three people in front of me), the person working was completely untrained, the salad had SO much dressing on it that it was inedible and he ignored my request for goat cheese.  :(I hope they fix this issue soon!!
4	I agree with Dion...I ADORE Dean & Deluca, but boy oh boy, those prices..."sticker shock"! I really enjoy coming here in the winter & getting some of their yummy soups (which change daily) & the delicious roasted sirloin sandwich.  Of course, I can't resist stopping by the snack / candy counter & getting the blackberry / raspberry candy.  I also like their fresh fruit.  I love the layout, it can be a bit of sensory overload, with the food selection, kitchen / cooking items & the candy / snack area. I've used them in the past for catering & their presentation is  very professional.
3	After having a bad experience and informing the management, Dean and Deluca went above and beyond in improving my perception of the market.  Way to go!
4	This Dean & Deluca makes a soup right. Soup Nazi style! Regardless of the time of day, I have a hard time passing up a shot of espresso here. This stuff puts SB to shame. Sometimes they don't have the gray sea salt I love or my beloved papillon roquefort, but I always come back. This place reminds me of home, yes D&D reminds me of home! See you soon!
3	Love D&D but not the prices! Wait till Whole Foods Market arrives area markets will really be hit. D&D will have to make some changes.
5	Bought cheese, breads, and Pate, and Apple Turnover!! Gosh, this place is awesome!! the cheese were awesome!! Bread, fresh and piping hot! Pate, Gah!!! So Yummy!! and the Apple Turnover was delicious ( It tasted like apple pie, but it has bit of cinnamon which remind me of christmas) so it and happy day for me!!
1	"WOW, this place is EXPENSIVE!" ... is what I would say if Dean & Deluca cut all their prices in half.I'm giving them 1 star because I feel that they make no effort at all to cater to anyone other than the uber-rich.   Like everything else in Phillips Place, D&D is just another spot where the wealthiest people in Charlotte can spend obscene sums of money on stuff they really don't need, while the rest of the country struggles to find employment and to stop their houses from being foreclosed upon.Don't get me wrong, D&D has high-quality, delicious foods.  If I had a few million dollars in the bank, and didn't mind getting ripped off, I'd probably do all my shopping here.
4	Decent coffee - far and away better than other chains. Excellent breakfast and lunch food.
3	I love Dean and Deluca in theory, but in practice they're kind of overpriced. I have no qualms about paying for quality, and there stuff is delicious, but it's not $80 a pound of whatever delicious. Their espresso bar is good, however, and not much for expensive than Starbucks, etc.  It's fun to occasionally go in and splurge on a single serving of something, but otherwise you can get the same quality for cheaper prices elsewhere.
1	Consumer Fraud part IIYes their selection of cold cuts, cheeses etc are quality, therefore expensive items but D&D prices them even higher than the competition.  Where's Zabar when we need them? The espresso is very good, I stopped for an espresso and a croissant and there again was that inviting glass of "fresh" orange juice in front of me. I ask what kind of OJ is it, fresh squeezed or pasteurized?Tropicana IOWs. To me the big deal is that pasteurizing always changes the taste of the juice, even if it's "flash pasteurized"Both young ladies behind the counter swear high and low that it's fresh squeezed and that's what they are instructed to tell customers.  I buy it, taste it, inform them that it's indeed pasteurized, demand to see the bottle and promise to apologize profusely if I'm wrong. The cashier asks me if I want her to check what the bottle says, I say please yes and she runs off to do it. The girl is back in a NY minute later and tells me "I'm sorry, you were right" The manager runs over and refunds my breakfast, her dumb excuse is that "they don't have a machine to squeeze oranges". I tell her that's no reason to train the personnel to lie to the customers (no answer) and that they don't need to squeeze oranges any way, Fresh OJ is sold by the gallon anyway. I got lots of sorry, sorry but no assurance that they will stop that shoddy practice. I'm pretty sure that they will keep on marketing it as "fresh" anyway. This is inexcusable: Harris Teeter retails fresh OJ for $0.08 a fl oz - http://shop.mywebgrocer.com/shop.aspx?strid=E277212 - since D&D charges $2.75 a glass, they could buy it at FULL RETAIL  ($0.48) and still make a 500% markup!!Like I said , no excuse and that's their second location were I caught them doing this.Oh and yes their soups are excellent BTW
5	Oh how I've missed you! They didn't have D&D where I moved from and I absolutely love this place. Its fun to come have lunch, get some gourmet food, excellent coffee and wine  - and just hang. Beautiful outdoor seating that makes it feel a little less 'south' if you know what I mean ;)If you are big city, like me you will love.
3	I don't know if I would ever shop here again after buying a bag of chips for about $12, but it's always fun to stop in and check out all the cool stuff they have.If I have the time I actually just take pictures or write notes of the stuff that I like there and try to find it around town for about 50-60% off. Now you might call me a cheapo but I'm not buying some chocolate for $80. Some items are however reasonably priced, check out the espresso bar it looks pretty decent!Dean and Deluca I like you but I just can't afford you. However the quality of the items here is fairly high and there are always yummy samples around the store so it's worth a stop most of the time. My philosophy for shopping here is going to be eat $5 worth of samples before you buy the $10 product that should be priced at $5. Please don't judge me.
2	This place is ridiculously expensive, but being from out of town and I'm trying to experience all there is to the east coast I was brought here by my colleague.  I bought sugar cookies for my kids that were $5 each and I expected it to be top notch for that price, but all it was was a regular sugar cookie, of regular size, and of regular taste.  I tried the mocha they had and it was just ok (the chocolate they used wasn't really that great) and the next day I decided to give it a try with a vanilla latte instead and again it was just ok.For the price and quality of it's products I'd probably look somewhere else.
2	This place is expensive.  Really expensive.  Expect everything thing here to be "boutique" quality and that means you're going to pay out the nose.  $80/lb of chocolate.  $12 snacks.  $6 coffee.Now if you ignore price, it's a nice place.  Its sanitation rating was not nearly as high as I thought an upscale place would be (92) and it was a little bit less organized than I imagined, I guess to maintain that "boutique" feel.It's also one of the only places that you can buy Christopher Elbow chocolates in North Carolina.
4	I visited some friends in Charlotte over Memorial day weekend. We were taken on a "tour" of the city, D&D was on that list. The service was excellent, the staff is knowledgeable about the various products and is more than willing to spend time and answer questions. When I go back, I will be back to Dean and Deluca.
4	Dean & Deluca is a wonderland of culinary vanity. Each time I come to this location, I want to re-peruse the aisles and find out what I don't need, but just absolutely want to have and flaunt in my kitchen. The grocery aspect of D&D is impressive and also impressively expensive! But, hey, it's not like you should do your weekly shopping here. The coffee counter is pretty welcoming. Tons of drinks in the cooler. I love that they have glass bottled sun drop and cheerwine, tons of juices and other refreshments. The only downside? No Coke products. I'm a dyed in the wool coca cola fan and I need me a coke zero in the mornings! However, the coffee/espresso will suffice. Iced Americano is what I usually settle for and it has always delivered. Pretty pricey, but again its' Dean and Deluca. This location is under the knife! Huge renovations happening and you can easily see how much expansion is happening. Lots more space and a wine bar coming here in the near future. Bear in mind that as this construction is going on for the next couple month, parking can be atrocious at times. Also, there isn't a really easy place to walk up to the entrance if you park around back near the construction side of the building. I've been parking on the opposite side of the building and walking down the sidewalk. Just a thought if you want to avoid any and all construction. Looking forward to seeing the finished renovation!
4	Dean & Deluca is a civilized place. Classical music playing outside. Real dishes and silverware for those dining on the patio when I came for lunch yesterday. While Dean & Deluca's remodel is beautiful and their food upscale and consistently exceptional be wary of the cray lunch lines. Grab freshly made to go sushi or brave the sandwich/salad line - it will move faster than expected. This isn't a cheap lunch a salad could you run your $10 or $11- my favorite prime rib sandwich is huge but $8.50. No five dollar foot longs here. Dean & Deluca is always a great place to grab a delicous hostess gift and if you can't park by the store and their double patios just park around the corner in the deck behind the movie theatre and Upstream.
4	Cons - yeah it is crazy expensive here. But then again consider the location.Pros - we've been a few times for the sandwiches. The Ham & Brie is awesome (and pretty stacked) and runs for $7.75. I have also tried the Italian - it is also pretty stacked and yummy, more like a Jersey Mike's price at $9.50.
4	Very cool place!I love the new wine seating section they added! And that you have the opportunity to sit outside and enjoy some wine and food.The shopping side is so unique, I love just walking through and seeing the new options they have, it's a lot of great things that you cannot find in your local grocery store.I love the sandwich and meal options they have, they are all prepared fresh and out for you to see while being prepared. Again, just like other reviews stated it can be a bit pricey but since the items are so unique and freshly made in my opinion they are worth the few extra bucks!
4	Great upscale selection. Desserts, pasta, fish etc. great coffee.
4	I've been wanting to try the wine bar since it was moved acrcss the street to the market. I had heard it was not as cozy and warm as its past location bu I got lucky and was able to sit by the fireplace which seemed to warm things up a bit. The place is lofty with lots of windows. It does tend to make you feel like you're on display. I happened to be there during restaurant week and was able to order from the restaurant week menu. I had the pear/blue cheese/walnut salad, scallops with lentils that were drenched in butter (very good) and carrot cake for dessert. I was somewhat skeptical to order the from this menu because I wasn't sure it would be worth the $30. The portions were large and the food was good. I always love the wine flights here and had a white and red flight. Great chocie if you want to sample a few wines. Overall I like the new place but I still miss the coziness of the old place. I also wonder if they will be able to have live music here like they did at the other place.
2	Since I've embarrassed them into stopping the OJ scam I'm updating the review. Two stars because they still charge the same NY style price is no object in Charlotte. Medium cup of tomato soup : $7 don't expect a roll. Prices are for the most part above reach, but instead of admitting as much so many chose to praise the place instead.  Sad really, Zabars, that what we need here.
2	Sandwich with a side of pretension? No, thank you.  I love a good gourmet market, but left D & D pretty disppointed the last time we went for lunch. The service was just not what I would expect, considering the price points were much higher than even Whole Foods.  The sandwich options were limited, and staff completely unhelpful.  I can not wait for A Southern Season to open in Charlotte and give D & D some competition.
5	I recently held a conference in Charlotte and needed the dreaded "Boxed Lunch" for 120 guests traveling on buses. I could have ordered a wrapped sandwich with a cup of condiments, individually wrapped salt, pepper, mustard & mayonnaise, a cup of salad, a cup of fruit, individually wrapped plastic-ware, a wrapped cookie and a bottle of water all neatly crammed in a White Box that our guests are expected to unwrap, smear, spread, layer, open, stir and toss while bouncing said box on their closed-legged laps!Dean & Deluca saved the day with their Bento Boxes! These things are Ahmazing! Everything you need while balancing just one simple container; just remove the lid! Filled with moist, tender and delicious morsels (about 7-9ounces) of beef or chicken, 3 fresh salads, a slice of cheesecake w/ brownie swirl and the cutest miniature salt & pepper casters nestled along with plastic-ware and a napkin and served with a unique soda.IMPRESSIVE and Affordable...I SAVED over $2,000.00 by choosing Dean & Deluca's Bento (I suggest renaming them "D"ento) boxes had I chose to use the Westin Hotel to cater those aforementioned White Boxes.These are my secret weapons now....I just wish there was a Dean & Deluca in Every City!
4	Great lunch and seating outside. The wine bar is good, and the grocer is wonderful... I didn't know there were so many types of cheese in this world.I love swinging through here to pick up dessert or some candy to sneak into the movie theater down the street!Note: The Dean & Deluca wine bar, which used to be located across the street, is now attached to the grocery section of the store.
4	I had such a good experience today in Dean and Deluca. A super friendly employee chatted me up while he was dishing out my favorite tomato and mozzarella side dish. He was extremely polite and engaging. The exchange made me feel like I was a regular and I left the store feeling extremely positive. I'm a huge fan of business that hire people with engaging smiles and friendly dispositions. Having said that, the prices are a bit high. The food is wonderful, don't get me wrong. But, I believe I can get similar quality at Harris Teeter for cheaper. Dean and Deulca is a treat, though and today it was a really great treat!
3	I think this place is decent considering I live within walking distance away from the restaurant but I would imagine better quality from a place priced as high as this.  Their sandwiches are nice, brunch is good, coffee is good, but everything else is just eh.
4	What a treat this location is. I know I have reviewed the downtown location, with only 3 stars, Phillips Place definitely outdoes it. With the food, bakery, and wine selection this store is a true gem. I wandered the aisles to check things out and decided to hit the food bar and ordered the chicken wrap, which was so delicious! And pretty big, I was definitely full! I also love the new wine bar and outside seating area, and I look forward to going back on a nice afternoon early evening.
5	I really LOVE the new Dean & Deluca in SouthPark. I enjoyed the other location but this one just blows me away with its ambiance. It is classy, sleek and modern. The windows allow light in and they offer tasty flights (of wine) throughout the week. It can be pricey but with good service, live music I simply think the price can be worth it....Defintely a splurge though!
5	Gourmet delicious goods. Excellent quality. A bit pricey with certain things, but you get what you pay for. I'm here a lot. I used to come here every morning for coffee. I have since changed my routine and moved over to whole foods because the delicious pastries and breakfasts at Dean and Deluca are just too tempting. But that's a credit to the quality of Dean and Deluca. I don't really do grocery shopping at dean and deluca. I come here for the espresso drinks, pastries, omelets, gourmet sandwiches and soups, sometimes the sushi, and the desserts. I'm in and out a lot depending on my craving. The staff is super friendly and Dean and Deluca underwent a major renovation since first moving here. The end result was amazing. It's also a fun shopping experience here, wandering around and looking at all of the great options that you don't see everyday in other grocery stores. The food bar, bakery, sandwich and salads and espressos are my favorites. Check it out!!!
4	My favorite place to get a coffee.  Nice and clean with delicious (if overpriced) desserts.
1	I don't have a problem paying high prices as long as the quality lives up to the pricing. D&D is expensive. However, the food quality simply doesn't warrant the cost. A piece of two layer cake, is over six dollars. They slice the cake up, then in an attempt to keep the slices fresh, they wrap the exposed sides of each piece. Good idea. However, many times, some portion of the slice is stale (who knows how long the cake has been sitting there). Their deli products, salads, etc., are not bad, but again, certainly not better than what can be purchased elsewhere for less. I guess I just expect quality comensurate with cost, and certainly don't see much evidence of it here. As a result, we are usually not patrons, too many other places serve better food (regardless of price), why eat mediocre fare?
3	We stopped by after a movie matinee. The atmosphere is nice and the food is good, the service is just ok. It look several minutes to be greeted after we sat at the bar. We ordered the tuscan beans with crostini and the calamari.  Both were good. I don't know if the wine pour was a usual for them, but it was generous. It's a nice spot to hang out and for light fare.
5	I love D & D.  Everything is always delicious and fresh.  It's your one stop for movie snacks, a quick bit before you catch the latest Ryan Gosling flick or just a chill evening on the patio with friends and a bottle of wine.  D & D has a lot to offer from sandwiches and salads to massive brownies and lattes. I like going to Dean & Deluca when I want really good food without the fuss.  Just pick what you want at one of the counters, pay for it at the register and your done! D&D also serves a pretty decadent breakfast.  I went for brunch the past Sunday.  The chocolate chip pancakes are amazing, packed with dark, milk and white chocolate and cooked to just crispy perfection.
5	North Carolina has 3 D & D and Chicago has zero? I love the grocery store attached to this place If I didn't just go nuts at Dillard's, I would have had room in my bags. We were there for a late dinner. I actually thought they were closed as it was just before 9. We started with a bottle of Parcel 141. I ordered the Chilean Seabass. Very light and flaky with a mild buttery taste. The server was on top of us for the whole meal. Aces to this place, as well as the eclectic mellow atmosphere. Very relaxing. We took a bourbon pecan pie and key lime to go as we had already eaten more than enough. Or was that drinking I was thinking of? Great place. Would love to go back!
5	A friend here said you must go here. Well that was some good advice. Nice size bar and plenty of tables spread throughout. Atmosphere very nice, they had 2 folks playing music that was a good mix and enjoyable. Started with a bottle of wine. I went for the scallops. They were delicious, quite large and full of flavor. Our server was top notch. Very attentive and kept the wine glasses full. They also had a full market attached to the place. All kinds of goodies to be had. we took some pies for the road. I had the pecan and was eating it on the plane, wanted to tell the pilot to do a fly by. I want more. We need this in Chicago. This is a must stop if you are in the area.
4	I SERIOUSLY LOVE THIS PLACE!!  Every time I'm in town, I have to make a stop here.  It reminds me of Atlanta's old Eatzi's.  Everything is good here!  You can design your own sandwich or salad, they roll fresh sushi, they have a case full of amazing dishes to be heated, and of course the amazing bakery & cheese area.  I only give it 4 stars instead of 5 because it is pricey.  I really wish they would open a location in Atlanta, hint hint!!!
5	This has always been awesome place on my list of places to shop or have a sandwich went recently and had a fantastic lunch.
5	Yeah, all these locations are excellent.  The know their stuff.
5	I love to eat here and pick up specialty grocery items too. Their tuna salad with lemon zest in it is fab and so is the rotisserie chicken salad. My kids love to make custom sandwiches at the sandwich bar. I've never had anything here that wasn't delicious. It's trendy, upscale and just a great place to go.
1	Caught them fraudulently misrepresenting a product again, scamming if you like.All that talk about subs put me in the mood for a good NY style hero and I decided to treat myself at D &D. The board said : "Italian Hero", french bread, provolone, Genoa salami, spicy cappicola (or maybe it was Brescaiola?), and PARMA prosciutto w/oil & balsamic $9.50.First thing I noticed was they didn't fold the meats, juts plopped them flat.The second thing I noticed is there was not enough meat to fold it - which explained the first thingThe third thing I noticed was that I could not taste the Parma, so I take the sandwich apart and I find 1 slice of provolone, 4 of salami, two small of cappicola and one (1) slice of prosciutto, all of them super thin of course.  That cappicola was OK, the Genoa was the domestic generic type which didn't surprise me, but what did was the Parma was NOT Parma. It was colorless, tasteless, looked like paper the sandwich was wrapped in, the cheapest of the domestic imitations IOWs. THIS is what Parma prosciutto  looks like: bright pink : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/09/Prosciutto_di_Parma_-_affettato2.jpg/640px-Prosciutto_di_Parma_-_affettato2.jpgI ate the transparent slice of prosciutto on its own and still could not taste any of it, you'd probably need a much thicker slice to get any flavor. I went back inside and checked the cold cut counter and sure enough not one of their 4 types of prosciutto on display looked anything like it. So what you get in a D&D sub is a thin portion of cheap domestic cold cuts pretending to be imported.I called the manager, he said he would talk to the chef about it (I smell bull) and refunded me. He also offered me a free lunch on the house which I turned down. I'm not looking for a freebie,  but when I buy a premium item I want to get what I paid for. Instead D&D mistook me for a sucker.
3	Good Irish cream latte though I will say I have been to this location twice and neither time were they friendly.  So watch out for the chill in the air.  The seating outside is beautiful with the water fountain right in front of it.  I have yet to try their food but the location is south park is much better!
2	I always stop in for a delicious sandwich before a movie. But, like an abusive relationship, I keep coming back for the hot sandwiches no matter how many times I get burned by the customer service.
4	On a business trip, my colleagues and I stopped at Dean & Deluca twice: the first time for lunch, the second time for wine happy hour.I had never been to a D&D, and I balked at having lunch there since my impression was that it was a fancier Starbucks, i.e., I didn't want to go broke buying a coffee and a microwaved sandwich. However my coworker raved about it and swore us two ladies would love it, so we went. I absolutely LOVED it. It is a gorgeous environment, all loaded with (admittedly overpriced) specialty food items, gourmet bakery delights, candies, cheeses, a hot food bar, a luscious salad bar - and wine. LOTS of wine. If you're a oenophile (I am not; my two companions are), then you will likely be as delighted about the wine selection as they were. I had one of their weighted salads (I selected grilled chilled shrimp, goat cheese, artichokes, sundried tomatoes - a few of my favorite things!), and it came to about $11. I thought it was insanely delicious, and for those kinds of toppings not unreasonable at all (I've bought those things separately at a regular grocery for  similar salads at-home and the cost is gargantuan). I absolutely loved their salad selection.My companions enjoyed their sandwiches immensely (and cracked open a bottle of vino as well to enjoy). My wretched diet prevented me from sinking into one of those lovely single-serve desserts on display - but damn I was tempted.We returned the next day for wine happy hour with the rest of the office. The wine room was packed and weren't able to accommodate our party of seven. However, a super-nice young waiter (I want to say his name was Ahmad - he had a faux hawk and lovely manners) was more than solicitous, helping us pull together several tables and chairs, and timely popping around to serve us impeccably. (My knowledge of wine and how it should be served is nonexistent, so I can't wax eloquence about it. However, I was at a table of PASSIONATE wine lovers and they raved about the two reds ordered and didn't make a peep about service so I'm guessing it had to have been very good). I'm not a wine drinker myself, so I sipped on a yummy diet cream soda (never seen the brand in a Kroger or Target myself - even the diet soda seemed exotic and fancy), and nibbled with restrained gluttony on the delicious cheese plates (rich, creamy, pungent, salty, fragrant cheese with names I can't pronounce). Prices were on the higher end, but the service and atmosphere were just so serenely luxurious that I can even forgive D&D for not carrying my top wine selection (a $5.99 bottle of Barefoot Moscato). Overall, I loved D&D. I heard that we used to have one in Cincinnati, and I'd be quite happy if they ever thought to return back to the Queen City. Probably better for my budget that they don't though...
5	I try to stop by D&D during my Charlotte business trips because the selection is super fresh and absolutely delicious.  The price can be high, but it's worth spending when you can get such quality products.  Alas, my favorite is their dessert section.  They have specialty desserts (e.g., cupcakes, cheesecakes) in one location and a small pastry selection near the check-out register.  I feel the desserts are very reasonably price.  Even if you don't go to D&D's for a full meal, swing by for coffee and dessert - you will NOT be disappointed.Cheers!
5	So this place is super fancy. And get ready to shell out the $$$ for the average meal or drink. But having said that, I had the greatest experience here. New in town, I stopped in here with a book one sweltering summer's day, and flipped through my pages over a delicious glass of sweet tea. When I was ready to leave, I asked for the check, put away my book, opened the little black cheque holder, and found a little note saying 'Have a nice day! :)'. It made my night.
5	I love this place! The resturant is delicious. We waited awhile to get our food but it was worth the wait! Go there and expect to enjoy a delicious glass of wine while waiting to have a fabulous dinner!
4	This review is for their business catering services, as I have never dined at this location.I spoke with Caitlin (I think, I am the worst with names, and this was a few weeks ago), who is in charge of their catering.  We needed breakfast, which I was going to pick up, and lunch, which needed to be delivered.  Going through the options and pricing, she made this a very easy process.  She was excellent with communication and everything was on time, well presented, and surprisingly at a comparable prices to other restaurants.  The boxes lunches were ooh'ed and aah'ed over, in particular the club sandwich which was huge.  I had the ham and brie sandwich, which was served on a pretzel roll, with the potato salad.  All was above average, but nothing that was amazing.  The cookies were fresh and good (and again, well priced for catering).  The breakfast (the Continental) though, left a lot to be desired - it was 90% croissants with only a couple of muffins and some sort of airy breakfast cookie (it tasted like a croissant cookie).   No danish, bagels or scones, which were what was listed on the catering menu.  It came with a fruit bowl and some OJ, which were both good, but for $120 (to serve 8-12), I expected more than a wicker tray filled with croissants.  The coffee also got high marks.Overall, it was a positive experience.  Caitlin made the process easy, the food that was served was of good quality and fresh.  Delivery was on time and professional.  The price was typical of business lunch cost.  I would use Dean & Deluca for a business event again.
5	The selection of wine is both tasteful and extensive. I only had a small Asian salad however it was one of the best I have ever had everything was fresh crisp and delicious.
5	Got an amaxing roast beef sandwich from the sandwich bar - made to order.  Coffee was excellent as well.  Looking through their market section & had a question - Brittany was just walking by but was quite helpful.
4	There is more candy and sweets here than you can possibly eat by yourself, so bring a friend (or two)!!  The location is one of the best I've seen. It is in a very upscale neighborhood and isn't littered with people who are discount shopping.  They have some really great selections for lunch and dinner.  I'd recommend the 3 selection dinner box for 14 dollars. It is the best price for for the amount of food you get. Be aware that you can sample any of the food on the line!!  Just ask!  The place is very clean and has three options for dining.  You can eat outside, inside in a more cafeteria type setting, or in the more formal restaurant area.  There is more wine and beer here than you can possible imagine!  You can even buy single bottles of beer to have with your dinner if you choose.  The coffee is fantastic and the wine is even better.  Don't forget to grab some deserts when your done eating.  Oh, they also have a large shopping area filled with kitchen items and food preparation supplies.  My fav part is their olive bar!  It rivals Harris Teeter!   Stop in for the best experience you can hope for with food!!  Cheers!
4	We were just around the corner and had Breakfast here most days. A little expensive perhaps but cheaper than a Hotel and really gives a NC Feel.
2	Mixed experience here. Had we just stayed on the market side it would be fine. We bought dessert and a coffee and headed into the wine bar. A server told us to wait for the hostess and the hostess said we made a grave error by attempting to get a table while already having food. They would have to plate the food and pour the coffee into mug since they were a full service side. And that's fine, it's just the tone she used that really set us off. She suggested we grab some wine and take it back into the market. We passed and went into the market to eat and got more coffee. It worked out fine and the dessert was great. There are a lot of great items in the market that are hard to find elsewhere.
4	Went there for a afternoon lunch on a Saturday. It's really clean and the staff were welcoming an friendly. The food was great and the wine was wonderful. This is a great play for foodies or a now brunch with the girls. They have the items on the menu in the store which is a huge plus. Coming from Chicago where there are several now restaurants I would recommend this place.
