4	Love this location. Perfect for the football watcher and the 3.95 margs don't hurt either!Try the white chocolate molten lava cake. So freakin' good!!!!
4	Good food and service . Great for families.
2	Bar Area great for chips/salsa and cheap beer.The ribs tasted like they were previously-frozen, and microwaved. The burgers were not that good.The food should be better for what they charge here.
3	The food isn't bad, but anything pleasurable about my Chili's experience is usually cloaked by extremely slow service.  Their pizzas are yummy, but let's be honest-- you could go somewhere far better in the Arboretum.
2	Went here for a weekday lunch. Place seemed understaffed even though it wasn't busy at all. Lots of waiting to be seated, waiting for service, waiting to get our check.  (Our table and the table on either side of us all had empty ketchup bottles; that's a reflection of either their food quality or their attention to detail.)The restaurant itself is nicely laid out, with several areas of tables/booths, and a bar area that nicely divides the areas to keep the place from feeling like one big warehouse space.Our food wasn't bad but wasn't good, either (hence the two-star rating). I had bacon chicken avocado sandwich on pretzel roll; it was nice. My wife had cheesesteak with provolone and onions/peppers; hers was really dried out and unappetizing. Overall, not bad but not great.We might try it again if we are already at the Arboretum shopping center where this place is located, but it definitely won't be a "destination" on our dining list.
3	It's Chilis.  It's where you go because either nothing else is around or the person you wanted to eat dinner with has never eaten good food before in their life.This location is convenient in Arboretum and serves up Chilis food as well as any place can.  Service has always been good as well.There are plenty of local places in Arboretum so I'd suggest New South Kitchen or Cajun Yard Dog over Chilis, but it's not always my choice.
2	This is the Arboretum Chili's.  You may have heard that Chili's corporately was going to respond to increasing pressure from places like Qdoba and Chipotle by greater emphasis on the Southwest dishes.  They definitely have made this change, and not for the better.  You can still find a few good old reliable burgers and salads that used to make this my go-to place for dinner with guests, but the new menu is so over-biased with Tex-Mex that the rest suffer.  Surprisingly the fajitas, long a staple at Chili's, were absolutely HORRIBLE.  The steak was tough and chewy .. and the portions reduced.  The new hot spicy taco shells they use for everything are also a horrible over-use of spice. After years of going here, my wife swore she'd never go again, it was that bad.  A shame.
3	Chili's, a blast from the past. I have always passed right by this place when visiting The Arboretum, but decided, "why not", to give it a try.I arrived a little after 12:00pm on Sunday afternoon and requested a booth, which I received. Once seated I was greeted for my drink order and asked if I would like chips, absolutely! The chips were SO fresh and I truly enjoyed the salsa. My margarita arrived, delish!After reviewing the menu I asked the waitress for her thoughts between two dishes and she highly recommended the fajitas. I ordered the chicken fajitas with the side of rice and beans, for an extra $.99. Note: Won't bother with the rice and beans next time.As for the fajitas, they arrived, not sizzling and a little blah, as you can see from my first photo. I requested they re cook the chicken and veggies, well done, and they were amazing, see 2nd photo. I ate the entire dish, while I continued to enjoy the chips, and got some to to :-).So, I was torn on my review, but my reasoning for 3 stars at this point:1st visit in years, second, the hostess seemed to be monitoring the tables consistently, which made me feel rushed. I know restaurants expect a good turnaround, especially at lunch, however, I was not sitting there talking. I ordered a second drink and continued to eat, until I was ready to go.I do hope to get back soon, try something different and update my review.Overall, I am glad I stop at Chiki's and look forward to giving them another shot or two.
1	i have eaten at several chilis throughout the years and hadnt been to one in a while . my mother , son, and i went tonight and i was appauled at the whole experience. the service was slack no refills, smiles, or check backs, the food toook 45 minutes to come out~ i ordered an appetizer , my son got a kiddie meal, and my mother ordered two sides. when we asked to speak to the manager she took quite a while and showed up with our very late food and mentioned she heard we wanted to speak with us, dropped the food , and walked off without speaking with us. no one ever asked how it was ~ if they had we would have told them the order was wrong and overcooked and super greasy, trying to pay was anotehr 20 minute process. we WILL NEVER be back again. its rare in our busy schedules the 3 of us get to go out to eat together and was dissapointing to spend hard earned money on a horrible dinner
