4	I needed my Galaxy S2 screen replaced, and found this on Yelp.  They were extremely fast, it was finished in less time than estimated.  Also very friendly.  I would recommend All Mobile Matters.
5	My iPhone wouldn't charge after buying a new cord. I was calling around town and these guys gave me the best price. Headed over to Tempe Marketplace and the guy told me it was going to take about 20 mins....Did one loop around the place and 10 mins later...It was done! Good as new! Great price, Quick, I definitely recommend this place if you need a repair for your phone!
5	Was very helpful and did an excellent job on repairing my Apple products. Very knowledgable and experienced techs and great prices.
4	This review is for the Arizona Mills location, which is currently not listed on yelp.My husband found All Mobile Matters through a web search, so I got a quote thru their website to replace the charging port on my HTC Incredible 2 phone. Last weekend I was unexpectedly going to be at the mall, thanks to my teenager, and called to see if they could fix my phone. They found they did have the part in stock, and said it would take about an hour. When I got there, the guy said they'd have to order the part, yet when I told him I had called and they said they had the part needed, he found it had been ordered for someone who had cancelled, so yes, they did have the part. I gave him my phone, he wrote me a pick up receipt, and I went shopping. An hour or so later I returned to pick up my phone, and another guy was there, the one I had talked with on the phone. My phone was fixed and it was $45 ($4 less than the $49 email quote).Later I found my volume bars didnt work, and realized it must have been from them working on it, so called and they told me to bring it in and they could fix it in a few minutes. I was not happy about this as we live 30 miles away! He apologized for the inconvenience, and said they do check that everything works before returning the phone to the customer. Of course I got to be the exception!So today we trecked back there, and they fixed the volume without a problem.All employees I dealt with (2-3) were nice and professional, and they provided a good service at a reasonable price. (Just make sure to check that all the buttons are working properly before you leave!)Thanks All Mobile Matters!
5	Cracked my iphone 5 screen, and All Mobile Matters got it fixed in a hurry for me.  They were professional and efficient and I HIGHLY recommend their services.
5	Great service! I needed my phone glass and LCD replaced. They had the parts in stock and fixed it within 10 minutes.
5	Such a lifesaver Michael was a great help here at this location thank you so much for saving my phone would go back again and recommend to all my friends
3	Ok kgovvmk mfujBBCd nftthmmn jhrthmlbn gfknotdnk hfdkoknh jruhhng jgogk ofrdbbc.coldghosthv  kg   Vf2fkxyvvv gfjcnifglvry
1	I would not go back to this place, or recommend to anyone to come here, I was given an estimated time of 45 mins for a screen replacement, came back hour and 15 mins later, and it was still not done, the guy who was supposed to be fixing the phone, was chatting with friends when i arrived, and after seeing me, he still did not start to work on my phone, after the gossip session had ended, and after i waited an additional 25 mins, the screen was replaced, and that too a pretty bad job, not worth the $145.00. Next time going straight to Apple.
1	Needed to replace my cracked display in my iphone. Had to fly out today so I left work an hour early to get it done at their tempe marketplace location. Took some looking but found it. Not open. The mall kiosk looked like it may be closed for the summer or something. I was there at 1:00 in the afternoon on a thursday. Checked again online and their hours are 3:00 to 9:00 or something like that. Why they opt not to be open during normal business hours is baffling. Wasted my time completely going there. Kiosk is also out in open so seems questionable to have sensitive electronics opened up outside in a mall with dust, misters, etc. Will be going to a real business where they have an actual office and normal business hours. Thank you for wasting my time.
1	I went to the Desert Ridge Marketplace Location and I have a LG G2.The first time I went to get my phone fixed the employee was very nice, had the parts and fixed my cracked screen within 30 mins. which was great! If it ended there I would have given them five stars however it didn't end there. My screen was lifting just an hour after he replaced it and the sensor on the phone was messed up. whenever I make a call my screen goes black and I have to power my phone off and back on again to see the screen. I took it back THAT day and he told me he fixed it.. He didn't. I went back again and a different employee working didn't know how to fix anything other than iphones. ... Went back again and the kiosk was CLOSED during their normal hours!!! I called corporate and they want me to drive an HOUR to their location and only give me a small discount. Then I called before I went and corporate had to change my appointment too!! TERRIBLE communication and customer service. This will be my FIFTH attempt to try and get my phone fixed not to mention over a week later!! WOULD NOT RECOMMEND this place unless you like jumping through hoops while paying a high price.
