3	O'Charleys is your typical chain restaurant, with nothing special to offer in terms of food or atmosphere. They have some pretty decent entrees, even though I would probably not recommend going here for dinner.I've only been here for lunch, & while the food is right above average, they don't have a good lunch menu. The portions are the same size as your dinner entrees, which means you'll pay the same price. I don't understand why places have a lunch menu if it's nothing different than the normal entree...but maybe that's just me complaining.I usually only get the chicken tenders covered in BBQ sauce & the plate always seems so empty. Don't get me wrong, the meal always fills me up for lunch, but the plate just seems way too big & makes the entree look skimpy.O'Charley's is your typical chain restaurant, not serving up anything spectacular or that will have you clamoring to come back for more. It's not a bad lunch spot, maybe a tad bit pricey, but I'd definitely suggest going here for lunch over dinner.
1	Frankly, I'm surprised this place has remained in business as long as it has.  I gave it a couple of chances, but always walked away disappointed.  The food isn't really the issue, but it's nothing special either.  The service here is consistently atrocious.  I've had waiters forget about me, I've seen them bring out completely incorrect orders, and I've had cold food brought out after absurdly long waits.  For this type of dining, just head up the road to Chili's and give O'Charley's a pass.
5	food good.  service great.  it is a chain.  for a chain they do a good job.  they also mix a VERY GOOD martini.  their sunday brunch is very good.
2	Came here for lunch on a business trip out to Charlotte, NC.  I'm from California, so I had no idea what to expect when we went here for a quick bite to eat.  This place is situated in the middle of a shopping plaza-like setting.  We were seated promptly, however, there were 6 people in our party and we had to squeeze in to a table that normally fits 4 comfortably.  They do have a decent menu with normal lunch items you would find at any chain restaurant.  Wait staff was polite. Food on the other hand was mediocre and a bit on the greasy side.  Overall it was a fast lunch, nothing really special but also nothing really awful.  I'd suggest though that if you're looking for a nice lunch worth talking about then you should find somewhere else to go.
2	Sometimes you get to choose the restaurants and sometimes the person you're eating with makes the choice. Because my friend has a three year old and he likes the corn dogs on the kids menu, this was her choice.It's a very standard casual dining. Very similar to Applebee's, Friday's, Tuesday's and the like. No salad bar, but they have a large dining area and a large bar area. The menu is classic American entrees that usually come with fries. I had a turkey cheese burger which was okay. Get the sweet potato fries if you remember. My friend had the prime rib, which was surprisingly a really good cut. Not very marbled or fatty, it was an inch thick and it was all meat. With mashed potatoes, it looked excellent.Service was good. You have to pay attention for navigating to the restaurant. There are a couple of fast food places and none of them have an entrance through their parking lot.Here's where I take off the third star. Why did I get charged $2.49 for a soda water? This simple glass of carbonated water (no Coke syrup) maybe cost them 25 cents and that's if I dropped the glass. What a ripoff here. Seriously.
4	Hello Friends, I've been to this location many times. My gf bday was the other day and she desided to stop here for a little meal. The waiter was the life of the party.. (Other than myself of course). His tip increaser (if that's a word) was when the food was brought to the table. I'm a BIG FRY GUY and the 1st thing I noticed is that I had about 12 french fries. As everyone looked at my face and heard me count the fries. 1 person in the group asked, "CAN YOU BRING HIM 4 MORE FRIES...LOL"well low and behold, 5mins later, the waiter brings a place with 4 count em, 1,2,3,4 fries. That got a kick out of the 8 member party. I lol'd so hard I couldn't think if he was tryin to be funny or carry out the wishes of a customer. It was tooo funny. I told him just for that.. he just increased his tip from me. The food was great, drinks were good as well. I'll Beee Baccckkk!!!!
4	This was the first time back after a year, as our previous visits were mediocre at best so it was only time that we gave these folks another chance.We visited on a Thursday night at 7:30pm and chose to sit in the bar area where they have a few booths and tv's.  The sports decor is no longer around as the Panthers had a pretty bad season last year, and the Basketball team was just down right horrible.....so bad that they won a place in history as the absolute worst team ever!      IMO it was good to remove the bad memories of our local teams.The service was very prompt, courteous and attentive to our needs.  The endless yeast rolls were perfect . The butter was able to melt completely on the roll, offering a great way to start a meal.There were three in our party, the orders were as follows: a sirloin, a bacon cheeseburger w/ fries, and the Tuscan chicken (I have added a picture).  The steak was properly cooked, the cheeseburger was huge and had a very juicy center.  The Tuscan chicken was cooked and seasoned properly, but had a singed area that the cheese covered, so it had a burnt taste on a few bites.Overall, I was very pleased with the dining experience, and it was very nice to see the manager making the rounds and talking to the guests.I will put this on the short lists of places to try again soon....it appears that the new menu items, and decor as well as a better staff have improved since our last visit.NCFoodGuy
4	Well....Well....Well....O'Charley's you never seem to disappoint me! I love the staff at this location they are always nice and pleasant.The best part of the meal is those delicious soft hot rolls they bring out before the meal...but be warned, it's terribly hard to eat just one! Yum!For the meal I decided to try something off the new $9.99 menu, tonight was a steak night so I ordered the cowboy sirloin which come with mashed potatoes topped with bacon bits and crispy onion strings on top if the steak.The steak was cooked beautifully! Perfectly tender and delicious the outside if the steak is coated with a pepper crust which adds a little spice and mixed with the crispy onion strings and mashed potatoes its a wonderful combination. No matter if it's brunch of dinner, this place is awesome! And I always look forward to coming back!
4	UPDATE!!! The brunch items here are all very good however I think the best deal if you are really hungry is the Overloaded Brunch Platter! It comes with a 6oz sirloin, two eggs, three slices of bacon and a half waffle! Everything is just so delicious! The steak and eggs are cooked to order however you chose and the waffle is light and flaky! Add a made from scratch strawberry lemonade and I can guarantee an outstanding meal!
5	the 12 spices half chicken is so delcious, I had to take it from my husband even it was his order. The service was so great, I can't wait to go back again. Pie was just ok tho, I had the french silk, way too sweet for my taste. over all great experience.
4	After seeing the many commercials of the new menu items, I just had to persuade the wife to take a little trip to the O.She had the fried chicken salad and I had the Tuscan chicken w/ linguini.  Her salad was fresh, the chicken was plentiful, and the bacon was just an added bonus.  Now, my chicken was the most juicy and tender piece of chicken I have had in a while.  It was properly seasoned, and topped with cheese.  The portion sizes were perfect, and for the money, it was a great value.Our server was very attentive, and kept our drinks full, while checking on us several times throughout the meal.This visit will cause me to consider going back more often and as long as they continue putting out good looking food, as well as the quality of the product, we will once again be regulars.It was a pleasure to eat here today, and we were treated very well by the staff.NCFoodGuy
3	The main reason I go here is because of the Southern Pecan Chicken Salad (sans the bleu cheese crumbles).  My mom and I usually split a full order with the Balsamic vinaigrette on the side, which is more than enough.  This time around I tried the half size with a cup of the overloaded potato soup.  According to the server, the half size has the same amount of chicken as the whole size, but less salad - score!  The soup was so rich and creamy - you can taste the buttery, fatty goodness.Usually the service is great, but today it was slow and just average.  It wasn't even the lunch rush yet!  Our server was very nice, however, she forgot the lemons for our sweet teas and did not refill our drinks during our entire meal.  She did apologize and gave us refills to go, but inadvertently switched my mom's drink with mine.  She also forgot my order of soup and had to bring that out later.So overall I'd give it 2-stars compared to other places, but the salad deserved a star on its own (and maybe because they have free pie day every Wednesday).
3	Went here with a group of friends for lunch on a Wednesday. Wednesday's at O'Charley's happen to be free pie Wednesday! You can pick a slice of pie with your meal or take it to go. They have all different types of pies to choose from including caramel, apple and peach. For my meal I got the grown up grilled cheese and a bowl of the tortilla soup. The grilled cheese had 4 types of cheese, bacon, and tomato, all on buttered texas toast. The tortilla soup was very good but not very hot. I got the grilled cheese without the tomato, and it definitely did not disappoint on cheese. The Texas Toast was a little much bread, and super filling. The waiter was patient with our large group, but sometimes would disappear for a period of time. Overall the service and quality I have come to expect from O'Charleys.
5	I love O'Charley's! Every time I visit the restaurant I always get the chicken tenders because they are probably the best chicken tenders I've ever had, and I know chicken tenders...I even have a blog about the best chicken tenders in Charlotte (lovemetendersincharlotte.blogspot.com).For starters every meal comes with these rolls that are fluffy, light brown, and glistening in butter...clearly a fantastic way to start any meal. Next come the entrees, or in my case the chicken tenders and sides. What makes the chicken tenders at O'Charley's is the fact that the breading is perfectly seasoned before being cooked to perfection, so the tenders come out a crispy, golden brown. Along with the five big chicken tenders you get with your meal you also receive two sides. In my opinion the best sides are the fries and the broccoli cheese casserole. The fries are covered in salt and pepper, but not too much, and they are crispy and plentiful. I love the broccoli cheese casserole because it's creamy, sweet, and there is rice mixed in with the broccoli and cheese so it adds an extra bit of texture to the dish. If you haven't had the chicken tenders at O'Charley's then I definitely think you need to try them. They certainly are delicious and it's a decision I don't think you will regret.
4	I foregoed my favorite prime rib pasta today for a rack of bbq ribs and, kicking my fingers,  I was not disappointed.  It's been almost a year since I tried their ribs and were still just as falling off the bones, melt in your mouth delightful as I remembered. A lead off dish tonight was spinach and artichoke dip,  which the me,  has improved, a close second to my all time favorite spinach and artichoke dip.   Service was impeccable,  and I don't say that too often,  worthy of the 30% tip I happily rendered.....  I'll be back soon O'charleys,
1	We haven't been here in awhile and after tonight's visit we will not be back.  There was an odor outside and a little inside and we later figured it out that it smelled like old, nasty grease.  I ordered the prime rib sandwich and it was disgusting - I couldn't even eat it - I left 2/3 of it on my plate and the waitress never even asked if I liked it.  And, to top it all off my husband and I are both sick feeling now because we think their grease was old.
2	Stopped in here around 12:30 right before start of big Panther's playoff game.  It was one of the closest bars to our hotel other then Ruby Tuesday's that we could walk to.   It was still 2.5 miles but a nice day.    Sat at the bar and had drinks. Drinks are good and reasonably priced.  Shared a bowl of the potato soup which was also good.   Shared appetizer sampler.  I NEVER get appetizer samplers that consist of chicken tenders and potato skins.   i think both are stupid.   However after ready all the great reviews about Ocharley's chicken fingers I thought we would give it a shot.   they were overcooked and tastae like a chicken finger off any kids meal at any chain restaurant.   Potato skins are potato skins.    These both get 2.  the cheese things however were great!   Made a stop the following week  for hh.   Another margarita not as good as the one at the bar first time.  Was lured in by hh priced nachos.   Cheese whiz?   Not!  The only good thing was my first margaritaand the cheese triangles.   And the soup.and serivce was horrible the 2nd time!!  Took forever to get check!
4	Service was outstanding. I hadn't even pulled out my phone to check in yet & bread was already being sat down on my table. Wow!Portions & service was outstanding! I was impress w/our servers professionalism.
2	Nicole B and I walked 2.5 miles from our hotel because we knew we would be drinking.  They had some good fruity girly drinks I liked, and we shared potato soup which was really good.  We decided on the appetizer sampler because supposedly O'Charleys is known for their chicken fingers.  They were just like any other kids meal, and the potato skins were nothing special.  But the spicy jack cheese wedges were great.  They were something different and very tasty!  We then moved on to Wild Wing Cafe to spend the next 10 hours of our excursion that day.  We returned to O'Charleys later in the week for happy hour, and were very disappointed.  We had nachos which I thought were just gross.  Our friend had grilled salmon that he seemed to enjoy.  But it took almost a 1/2 hour to get our check and we had to go, terrible service!
2	Don't eat here if you want a relaxing lunch.  Went there for lunch, had some books with me, ordered a cup of soup and a half salad, had about 6 bites of my salad, and the server brings my check, does not ask if I want anything else like dessert or a refill on my drink or a box since they were running me out.  I asked when she came back if I could have a refill since obviously I could not get dessert, a few minutes over the manager came over and said their policy is to give you your check immediately since they have such a large lunch business, asked him to please bring me a refill in a takeout cup and I would leave, seems like they would like to wait on the customers that are already there?  Felt very rushed.
1	Horrible! We waited 40 minutes to get our drinks. Out of cups!! Really?? Food order took forever. Our waitress didn't show up until we had been seated for 30 minutes. No bread. Had to ask for it. Once she showed up, it took 15 minutes to get our drinks and bread.  Don't show up here expecting quick service!
2	Went here for the advertised prime rib; very poor cut of meat, not to mention poor service.  Either they didn't have enough staff or they were just inept; we had to remind our waitress numerous times for bread, drinks, etc.  We really felt bad for customers next to ours who sat waiting for their food the entire time we were seated.  Lastly, they don't give you a full 1/2 rack of ribs; very limited portion.  It will be a long time before we come back; there are plenty of other options available with better food and service.
1	Hate to break it to you guys but I've worked here and had to quit. This place is probably ranked #1 out of the top 5 most disgusting restaurants. I was a hostess and I tried in my best ability to provide excellent customer service as all hosts should. And I succeeded of course, but everything that happened behind me was terrible. The place is unsanitary, they hire for your more for your "personality" then your work ethic and they don't clean anything thoroughly... Literally everything is filthy. I would have to roll silverware on dirty tables in the back. I oversaw my manager flip a piece of meat with his bare hands(absolutely disgusting) Free pie Wednesday sucks b/c they leave the pies out all day and heat up your slice for 20 seconds when you order it so you THINK it's "fresh." Majority of the servers are HORRIBLE, and most of them are constantly complaining about how they hate their job. I could not take it anymore. I hate this place with a "passion"(if you've been there you'll understand me) lol. But yeah, DONT GO HERE. THIS IS THE WORST O'CHARLEY'S IN CLT!
1	Haven't been here for a while, this last visit was a total disappointment. We ordered clam chowder, chopped salad and salmon. First the waitress bring my water and my husband's beer, the beer was all spilled out. Then we wait about 30 mins for our food when the restaurant wasn't even full. Then, she brings my clam chowder, cold, excuse me!! Who eats the chowder cold?? I asked for it to be warm up. When she brought it back, she was like: " ouch! It's hot" like she got burned or something. I tried it, yes, it was warmer than the first time, but it wasn't even close to hot. Tired to ask again because she was being too dramatic. Finally, our food arrives, this is not the first time I order these food, but the they all tasted great previously, this time, fish was not fresh, it has a funny looking and taste. And you can just tell The lettuce in th salad was old, They didn't have the crunchy. When my husband order the salad, he said bulcheese on the side, then it come with bulcheese and honey muster, both in cups that are sitting in the salad, except, the honey muster is spilled on the big part of the salad. When she brought the food out, she also laid down the bill, and said: just so you don't need to wait on me....like I said, the restaurant was not full, and she wasn't serving a lot of table. Anyway, we finished the meal, but will not go back again!!!
1	I usually come here once every 2 weeks or so and order the same thing. .fish and chips which are not bad. Today same thing but the complimentary yeast rolls were no way the norm. Dense and then over cooked. Bottom dark brown.  When I inquired was given a cery lame excuse that it is because it is winter. What dies winter, which is outside, have anything to do with yeast rising in a hot kitchen.  I guess the bartender thought I was drunk..drinking iced tea here. On top  after I complained there was not even an offer to check the kitchen for a better batch or pan of rolls..poor custmer service. Anyway,  very disappointed with the bread and even more with the lane excuse and lack of customer service. Can someone get it right here.
2	I usually like O'Charlies but apparently tonight was not a good night. The salad was old and withered and pretty much not edible. The medium rare steak was hard and tough and I was unable to eat that also... But my 2 dogs at home will be thrilled with this steak!! Thank God the baked potato was safe!!!O'Charlies, please re-evaluate yourselves!!
