5	Great cleaners... they are very friendly and pretty quick... they also offer alterations... it is also a great place if you live in Post Uptown since it is on the bottom level!
4	When you love your clothes, you need to find a dry cleaner you trust. I can't tell you how many times I've had garments ruined - buttons go awry, seaming comes loose, hemming done unevenly. It's a sad, sad day when your dry cleaner screws up your favorite (insert item of clothing here). Thankfully, I trust Rosa and the crew at Eden Cleaners. They love my clothes almost as much as I do - and that's saying a LOT. I have thrown just about everything Rosa's way, including alterations, hemming, dry cleaning, pressing, etc. You may pay a bit more here, considering the convenience factor of Uptown. But they do a fabulous job and it's super easy to park in the garage, hop out and enter in "650" on the key pad and someone will let you in through the back door. Easy peasy! *I've also heard that they deliver dry cleaning in the Uptown area but haven't used that service myself. *In more than three years only two garments have come back less than perfect and Rosa offered to fix them free of charge both times. They are quick, professional and downright sunny every time I walk in. Oh, and she's remembered my name since 2007 and often asks if I've been working out more. Um, I love you Rosa.So, bring your favorite garments over to Eden Cleaners, they will take great care of them...and you.
5	When my favorite silk blouse had a run-in with a particularly evil soap dispenser, I knew my regular dry cleaner wouldn't cut it. Nicole W. recommended Eden Cleaners, so I rushed right over. Three days and $7 later, I was reunited with my blouse, looking as good as new. Aaaand, I promptly spilled carnitas and salsa down the front. And once again, Rosa gets my blouse back to me, looking like it had never stepped foot in a Mexican restaurant.The best part, every time I stop in, Rosa tells me I'm pretty. Customer for life!
3	Dry-cleaning is a no-brainer operation so I can say that part is fine.  But I had a spot of coffee on my white winter coat and brought it here for dry-cleaning and pointed out the spot and asked if they could treat it.  I get the coat back and the spot is still there, assured by the staff that there was nothing they could do.  'I tried everything...'  said the owner.  Well I took the coat home and was heart-broken because it is my favorite so I squirted it with Shout and ran it through cold cycle in the machine - what did I have to lose at this point?  The spot came out perfectly and I air-dried the coat.....it is now back to its original perfection.  If I can do this why cant they???  I didnt try to get my money back or anything, just lesson learned, they are NOT good with spots.....even though they may say they 'tried everything'.......I have been going here for my dry-cleaning needs for about a year now.  The staff isnt super sweet but nice enough.  There is parking right in front of the store but there arent a lot of spots so I try to go at off times.  Eden you are A-Ok at the regular stuff but I know for tough spots I cant count on you!
3	In terms of dry cleaning I don't require much.  Be quick, get the starch right and don't break my buttons.  Oh, and if you could crack a smile while waiting on me that would really be great.  This place get 2 out of those 4 done very well and the other 2, not so much.  I drop off 6-7 items on a Wednesday and they won't be ready till Saturday at 5pm? Come on, maybe I've been spoiled but any more than two days is stretching it.  Then there's the gentlemen working the counter, I realize his English may not be great but smiles are free and multilingual....try it sometime! Make me at least feel good and important about waiting 3+ days for Pete's sake.  Maybe he just needs a bit more talking to, to warm up....we shall see.
1	I don't trust Eden Cleaners. I used their online service to pick up my laundry. For three days no one called or picked up the clothes. After several calls, I finally spoke to someone. Clothes were picked up and returned. Their service was fine.What bothers the snot out of me is that no one answers the phone as "Eden Cleaners". After they say, "hello?" I have to ask if I've reached Eden cleaners. I can deal with the very broken English, but I can't deal with the non-conventional ways of answering the phone or doing business online.While it's more expensive to have the clothes done at the hotel, at least I know that they'll get done.
1	I went to this cleaner for convenience. What a mistake it was. They absolutely destroyed my favorite dress. It went in perfectly fine and came out pink! The woman told me it was not her problem and that they weren't a magic shop! Absolutely terrible service. I have had the dress cleaned before with absolutely no problem. Use at your own risk.
