3	This Hooters was a lot better before the Hooters Casino opened up in the old San Remo on The Strip. The girls were prettier and the atmosphere was better. Now that the Hooters Casino is open that property takes all the A-grade girls and the left overs here can't wait until a spot opens up in the casino so they can boogie on over.On the plus side, this is a convenient location and the oysters aint too bad.
4	I went to this Hooters on my first Vegas trip... the cabby had no idea where the hell it was located and neither did we, I got in the cab and said take me to Hooters!  (obviously this was before the Casino opened by the strip)About four of us girls came out here for lunch which was great and it wasn't anywhere near busy in there... I got a seriously cute hoodie that says welcome to fabulous hooters as a pun on the vegas sign... and it has dice on the sleeve... (I have a dice fettish)... I had a great time and they were having a clothes sale.. who could ask for more??
3	Hooters Las Vegas.... In most other towns, this place is a novelty where girls with large tata's run around in signature white tank tops and short orange gym shorts with huge 80's style socks. In Vegas though, half of the casinos and everyone on the strip dresses like this. :_Well.... minus the atmosphere, the food is basic, fried and soaked in various levels of hot sauce. Personally, I do not know of anyone (other then my friend or grandfather) who come here for the food. Maybe it's the atmosphere or their awesome service? Ok.... maybe not the service. Must be the warm and inviting atmosphere. :)
2	I'm an awesome wife damnit and don't let anyone tell you otherwise! My husband has a thing for the food at Hooters (yeah right, lol!) so I oblige and go with him to eat at Hooters about every year or 2 (yup that's all I can stand!). This was our first visit at this location, we're used to the TX locations where the girls are MUCH hotter (my husband called the girls at  this location "the Tuesday daytime shift girls from a strip club"), and the food apparently in TX is better. Who knew. Beer was $3.50 for 22.5 oz. Not too shabby there. My husband got "medium" wings. While he claims they are tasty and perfect, they were definitely off on the spice level. My husband can't handle spice at all and these had 0 flavor. So I guess medium = mild = flavorless at hooters . Lots of Tots sounded yummy on the menu (tots with cheese, bacon, and sour cream) but were pretty weak. And now on to the real low-rating clencher...I don't really like chicken wings so at hooters I get snow crab legs. I know, some could call me stupid, but honestly I'm not THAT picky about snow crab legs. I can eat some pretty bad ones and be happy. I get them in TX at Hooters and they are fine.. acceptable..These were brownish/grey.. literally.. and really disgusting. I called them the nastiest crab legs ever but then had to retract that statement. That honor belongs to the Rio seafood buffet!Bottom line: Come here for the beer (if you're so inclined), but don't eat anything ! As Rufus mentioned the cocktail servers at nearly ANY casino are much better looking.
4	We went there to watch my COWBOYS play the Eagles for the 3rd time last season so it was a great day. Now the food was good. We knew the calorie content was high having just moved from San Diego where they are legally required to list the calorie content right on the menu. LOVE THAT! and we told the waitress we were sharing a wrap with curly fries. It was delish. I'd order it again. She came back to ck on us the appropriate amt of times. not to fussy. a few beers - close to my house, great night.
2	I've never been a fan of Hooters and this one didn't change my mind.  Even my friend who is a huge Hooters fan, refuses to go back after this experience.  It wasn't the service, the wings/food just weren't good.   And I kinda have to agree with Blairs husband about the ladies, sorry... This is not the hooters to go to.
1	I've never been to any Hooters that has given me good service.  So our club went out here for a good time, and upon entering the waitress seemed like she was less interested in helping us.  We asked for a table for about 20 people, and she looked rather irritated more than helpful.  We didn't wait that long to get everything setup in a place that was deserted.  But hey, that was just the bottom of the totem pole.  I'm a person, who knows what to order once I get seated.  I say it out loud and maybe a little too fast, but I say it clearly.  The waitress kept on saying "what?" how many times after I repeated myself like 3 times.  Once everyone got their order down and taken care of it took them more than half an hour to get the orders out. LIKE COM'ON?!  There's like NO ONE IN YOUR STORE?! And when the orders did come out, it wasn't all at once. It was like 15 mins after the other.  Maybe I'm exaggerating, maybe I'm not.....but I swear, a restaurant that has no customers to service to, should have their undivided attention in pleasing the people they do have.  I don't know, maybe that's just me? As soon as my order arrived, the waitress notifies me, that she drops my wings and says... "Sorry, we're making another batch." I was like ok, that made everything worst because it took me even longer to eat. There was no, here's a complimentary this for waiting for your food. NOT even a refill for my drink, which she failed to do multiple times! This isn't the worst restaurant experience I've had, but it's pretty up there.  You should try to avoid eating here if possible.  Plus, the food isn't all that great.  I personally like Buffalo Wild Wings better, at least it has flavor.
5	great wings and thingsexcellent customer servicevery good management various imported beers availablegreat lcd t.v. screens for espn sportsgreat takeout carriers for food
2	This place is a restaurant right??? THEN FIX THE DARN FOOD!The food is mediocre at best. Wings are 3" of breading around 1 millimeter of meat. Hamburgers were all greasy and lopsided on the bun and gave us terrible upset stomachs.As for service...sure it's nice to look at 21 year old waitresses in skimpy clothing. BUT... the waitress decided to take our order and not write anything down just did it by memory. So of course when our order came it was completely wrong. Then she gave us an attitude problem. After food was delivered she disappeared until we were ready to leave.Sorry, I won't eat here again. We spent over $100 for food that was no better than what you would get off the McDs dollar menu.
3	Draft shouldn't be blank.
1	Poor service, with worse food. The only draw is obvious from the name of the restaurant. But that is why we have the internet.
4	Surprisingly one of the better Hooters I've gone to.  The wings were good and the mojitos were excellent.Unfortunately, as a non-local you don't get quite the attention or service you would if you come here as a local.  I sat at the bar and had good service to begin but the bartender/waitress never came to check on how I was doing.  She was too busy talking to her boyfriend (confirmed) and one of the patrons who comes here every day.  I had to ask another waitress (not my area) for bleu cheese and another drink.The good part was the wings were very large (big issue with the Hooters in the Mass area......as the wings look like Buffalo Wing Wing leftovers in MA) and the drinks were REAL strong.  Three mojitios later and I had to go sit in the sportsbook for a while before I could take off back to South Point.This place takes Stations Gift Cards so that is good for me (since I bought $400 worth of gift cards for $200 from the weluvlocals promo).
3	It's strange.  I've only been to one other Hooters (in California) and I remember the wings there being a lot better.  The ones here seemed smaller, greasier, with a slightly buttery taste.  Not exactly bad, and not exactly great.  For my money, The Chicken Shack in Henderson is the way to go for primo chicken wings (my own endorsement, but they should still pay me).Oh, and the women here weren't so bad either.
3	Yup... it's a Hooters alright! Okay, lets start by saying: it is what it is! It's a Hooters... decent food served by women with big boobs and tight booty shorts, add some beer and I'M GAME! This place is a bit small compared to other Hooters I've been to but the service was really friendly and quick. I probably would've liked the food better if I was drinking more but I had to go to work afterwords. I feel like their food is great when I'm drunk and NOT when I'm... well... NOT! Definitely a good spot to watch the game, get in a few drinks, and chow on some grub.
1	Terrible wings and service was not great. Waste of money the waitress was nowhere to be found anytime we needed anything.  Also she was too busy rubbing her stomach to pay attention to her customers!  NEVER AGAIN HOOTERS!!!
3	We love Hooters!! Wednesday Wings day is awesome and the peanut butter pie is to die for! Girls are cute, but not amazing..  All in all it's a great place though I wish it had the same menu as the Hooters in California. Lemon pepper wings... Just saying!
2	I finally found someone who would go to Hooters with me.  Yeah, I said it.  We sat down in a low table and scoped out the TVs.  Me?  There to see the Big 10 championship of course.  I asked our nice waitress once.  Twice.  Couldn't find a manager.  Asked again.  Got a new waitress, Brie.  Asked Brie.  She went in search of the elusive remote.  Like a rock star, Brie climbed up to the HD monolith and changed it herself.  Big kudos to this little lady.  And a big tip.  Steamed Shrimp wasn't as fresh as I've had before but the loaded tots were DELISH.  Some may find it odd that I get shrimp at Hooters, but I alsways. do.  My male companion's boneless wings were yummy too.  Crispy and juicy.  I won't be back to this Hooters but I'll continue to patronage when I can convince someone to go with me.
4	This is our 2nd favorite Hooters in town and our favorite in a Casino. I like the Wingsday special with Hot or 911 sauce and Bleu Cheese. Also try the wings "naked" with lemon pepper (available at some Hooters.) I have found the service at most Hooter to be above average and this one is no exception. It is clean and bright, they have an outside patio. The manager was very accomodating for a large group. They always have specials on food, 'ritas and the beer is cold.
4	Hey, it's Hooters, not fine dining. But I had a good burger, a stiff drink and a good time. Me and a few guys sat at the bar. The bartender was beautiful, attentive, and friendly.
4	We used to go to Hooters all the time back in our home town.  It was great we met up with friends and the food was great.  We moved to Vegas and haven't really gone.  I think mostly because they aren't close to our house and we have 2 little girls.  It was a Saturday night and I asked my wife if she wanted to go?  She said sure.  This is what I have come to expect from every Hooter's I have even been too.  The service sucks!  Yes, I said it.  I lower the bar a lot when I go to a Hooters.  In fact they should just have the girls walk around and do nothing.  I will get my own refill and place my own order at a window.  Why? because I really like the wings.  I think they're great.  So when we went to this Hooter's I wasn't surprised when our waitress just disappeared for a long time.  In fact the table next to us moved and got a new waitress.  Back to the food.  the wings were great and my wife ordered a Philly Cheese steak.  The kids meals were not overpriced either.  My daughter got a grilled cheese.  We went in got our food and took off.  It was great!  So a rule of thumb.  I am pretty sure Hooter waitresses hate families,  (They like dumb guys who tip them for crappy service.) and the service sucks.  If you like wings and curly fries then go to Hooters! Cheers!
1	Hooters at Sunset Station is closed, gone, no more
3	I can confirm this is closed.  I was, uh, just passing by.  Right, that's it!  Just passing by.
