3	With so many top quality restaurants in the city centre offering really great lunch deals, like Tigerlily or Fishers In The City, I have to say Hadrian's doesn't really fare that well in comparison. Theirs in more expensive than most, and yet not actually any different in terms of the sorts of food on offer when you look at the menu. Haggis Neeps & Tatties, for example, isn't exactly hard to come by in the scottish capital and so if you're going to do it you need to do it so much better than anyone else. Unfortunately, when I had it for my starter it wasn't. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't unenjoyable or bad, it was just a bit repetitive and boring, and not particularly exciting. And my main course continued along much the same theme - if I want pasta with a tomato and red pepper sauce I can make it quite easily for myself at home in about 10 minutes, and for a fraction of the price.I gave it 3 stars because the service, as you'd expect in a swanky hotel, was excellent. And there's no denying that it's location is fantastic and convenient. I just expected something a little more exciting for what we paid, and couldn't help feeling a little disappointed when we left.
4	Hadrian's was one of the many closed restaurants the night my parents and I arrived; starving and unaware of Edinburgh's earlier closing hours (compared to other capitals anyway!) we walked around the city centre, and returned to our hotel, desolate and defeated where we had to settle for sandwiches.I was extremely excited when my parents decided to take me there the next time they visited me, and having walked by enough times to know how fancy it was, we made an evening of it! Hadrian's is one of the restaurants of the Balmoral Hotel. The menu was surprisingly more wholesome than I would expect from really fancy restaurants, which usually leaves me more amused with the imagination and presentation than well fed! I had a risotto and wild mushroom dish, but ofcourse, there were meal tastes and exchanges, and I have to say my mother's seared halibut with pesto was absolutely delicious! Ofcourse there wasn't much of it, but it tasted goodddd... I personally prefer these more expensive restaurants for ambiance rather than good food, which one can always have at home, so if you're heading there purely for the culinary experience, be prepared to dish out and dress up!
4	Deciding that me and my friends would go for a 'nice' meal out for Christmas, I was the one left in charge of making a decision and booking a table. It took me forever to choose where we would go, I just wanted to go everywhere!! I eventually plumped for Hadrian's Brasserie, and booked a table for a la carte.We arrived bang on time, and were swiftly seated. All the staff were very nice, and extremely welcoming. When we sat, it appeared we had the festive menu on the table. So I just explained that when I had booked it I specified a la carte. This didn't seem like to much of a problem, although she was a while getting us new menus.After looking at the menu we were all soo torn, too many yummy choices to pick from. I ended up picking Home Cured Whisky and Honey Salmon with Fennel Salad. It was lovely!! You could really taste the honey in the salmon and the fennel salad went with it perfectly. The boys both went for Highland Game Terrine, which I tried a little of  and was also delish. 3 very much empty plates, it was lovely.For Main I chose Duck with a bean casserole, celeriac puree and parsley oil. Oh heavens above, it was sooo tasty!! The only problem I was having at this specific point was the three older ladies who were sitting next to us, by this point had consumed quite a bit of wine. They were really quite loud and constantly letting off party poppers, one of which almost landed in my food. Just generally a little annoying when you are trying to enjoy a nice night out. The boys were equally impressed with their mains, another 3 empty plates all round!For pudding I was stuck between the creme brulee and butterscotch tart, mainly as the tart came with glenmorangie ice cream! Yum.But I ended up picking the Vanilla and Bourbon Creme Brulee, which when it came out was massively larger than what I was expecting! It was scrummy, very strong taste of Vanilla, not so much of the Bourbon, but I still enjoyed it.We all left feeling extremely happy and satisfied, the bill was pretty reasonable and the service was great. Would go back here for sure, maybe check out their lunch menus for a good deal.
3	First trip to this Edinburgh eaterie. Nice friendly welcome, taken straight to our table and service spot on from then.One of our party is vegetarian and has a nut allergy but no problem to the waiter, new all the dishes,which our friend could have and couldn't, a refreshing change to  a lot of places!Food really tasty, good selection and timing good.Recommend
