4	I really liked this place! It is jam packed with clothing and accessories, so go here if you are in the mood to shop because you will have to scour the racks - nothing is really laid out neatly for you. Which is fine with me on those days where you are on the hunt, and I was just the other day. The girls there are SO nice, very fun and attentive. Toward the back left side of the store they have a large sale section, with the items clearly marked down so you can know right away rather than other stores with unorganized sale sections that leave you guessing. When you go here, don't forget to go upstairs! They have a shoe store and more handbags!
5	This is mid-priced upscale stuff.  Think InStyle, Lucky, Elle. Sloan carries Ali Ro, DvF, Nanette Lepore, Theory, BCBG, Nicole Miller,  Splendid, Tracy Reese, Liquid, Fashionista, Velvet, Maria Bianco Nero, Robert Rodriquez, Cynthia Steffe, Rory Beca, Hale Bob, Pink Tartan, Byron Lars.....rich& skinny, current elliott, AG, paige, jbrand. Sloan also has great fashion jewerly - shelves brimming with jewelry in every shape, size, and style, mostly arranged by color so it's easy to shop.   Also, Sloan is really trying to establish an affordable cocktail, special occasion and prom business upstairs in their store.  Prices range from $300 to $500 and best of all, they have a dress registry so you don't see your great dress on someone else at the same party.  Genius!
4	Looking for upscale clothing, shoes and accessories in Dilworth - definitely stop at Sloan, and bring your credit card! Sloan carries some incredible brands: JBrand, Diane von Furstenberg, BCBG, Trina Turk, Nicole Miller and Splendid just to name a few. The shop is nicely laid out with a well marked sale section near the back. Be prepared to sift through the racks though - the clothes are typically tightly packed in the racks. And, for those of us who are vertically challenged, you may have a tougher time accessing the higher racks with ease. Regardless, the staff at Sloan are ridiculously nice and helpful - offering styling advice and, of course, helping you find sizes.If you're in a shoe mood - check out their store upstairs - Step by Sloan. Hawt hawt shoes in a variety of price points and styles.
4	Checked out Sloan today during the "Super Bowl Sales" event that I found out about on scoop charlotte. To be honest, I'm generally a bit leary of checking out boutiques in Charlotte as they tend to be a bit out of my price range, but today I was happily surprised. Beckoning me with the 30% off all merchandise (including sale items), I entered the store and immediately liked almost everything I saw. The downstairs show room housed beautiful clothes, a very large selection of jeans (which is what I was in the market for today), and a very large selection of jewelry. Upon heading upstairs to Step by Sloan, I was honestly a bit overwhelmed by the sheer number of beautiful shoes in multiple price ranges.As others have noted, the store crams a ton of clothing into a small amount of space, so be ready to sort through tons of  pieces for your size. And if you go during a sale, be ready to wait for a bit to try on your chosen items as there are only a few changing rooms. In the end, I realized that even without the additional 30% off, the prices weren't quite as far out of my price range as I'd thought. I don't mind paying a bit more for trendier, well made pieces, and will definitely include Sloan in my regular rotation of stores that I shop at in the future.
4	You'll feel like a kid in a candy store in this fun and trendy boutique in Dilworth.  When you first walk in the store there is a gorgeous display of sparkling jewelry waiting for you on one side, and on the other all the upscale designer clothes you came for.  It's hard to make your way past the BCBG dresses and hundreds of jeans on display to find the sales items, but if you can get there first it's worth it.  When I was there today, the already marked down items were an additional 30% off--such happiness!  I found three great tops and was very happy with what I saved.  The second level is Step by Sloan...be still my heart!  The huge selection of designers, styles and sizes is overwhelming and oh so fun!  I will definitely be back.
3	I like Sloan it has a large jewelery section - it's great for gifts and myself. They have a lot of itemy pieces-  unfortunately i purchased a necklace here in February for my sister and she wore it once and the next time she went to put it on it broke in her hands for $55 I would have at least wanted her to wear it a few more times :( other than that though its a nice boutique they gift wrap for you at no charge and they always seem to be having a sale of some kind- definitely worth a peek
5	Unique styles. The staff is friendly and have great style ideas. I have been a happy client for years and would recommend this store for your casual, and fun weekend wear.
