5	One Word: EfficientTwo Words: Friendly StaffThree Words: Im Going BackThey take insurance, they are quick, efficient, friendly, honest, and professional! I highly recommend them. I just recently decided to look into getting my eyes examined. I have been having trouble reading so I decided to use Nationwide because they were close to home. I made an appt online, within 20 minutes, someone called me to confirm my NEXT DAY appt. I went to my appt, they were on time, friendly and amazing. Kelli helped me with finding the perfect frames for my face and made me feel at ease. She was hilarious and instantaneously my best friend! lol... It was fabulous. Dr. Ratu? I think was his name, oh my gosh, hilarious and so quick and knew exactly what my problem was. SMART SMART! I ordered my frames (2 pairs) and they said they would call me when they came in in about 5 - 7 days. I got a call 2 days later that they were ready to be picked up! WOW! My insurance covered about 60%. Only reason being that I got 2 pairs and I went designer frames. No big deal. I recommend them highly. If you are in the area, need quick, efficient, reliable, and friendly service. Check em out.
4	We have  had really good results with our basic eye exam needs.  While they are a very g service , I find that they are easy to work with and easy to book an appt with at a convenient time.  The technician did a really great job coaxing my daughter into her contacts and helping her feel confident. i have been happy with the fast service and positive attitude of the workers.
1	I would not recommend this vision center to even my worst enemies...the optometrist (Eric Ruta) basically told my daughter that she was faking her eye exam and that she just wanted glasses like her sister. He is supposed to be a trained professional but doesn't even have the skills to accurately perform a fundoscopic exam to assess the optic disc (which is part of his job, not make accusations and fail to investigate why her exam was baffling). However, the front staff were amazing and helpful. They made a same day appointment for further evaluation to the nationwide vision center off of Bell Rd because they had a refractory machine that could assess exactly what my daughters eye prescription is. However, when we left this nationwide vision center my daughter did not even want to go because she was in tears telling me that she wasn't faking but didn't want to be examined again...I of course made her go. Thankfully, Ryan Wiggins (optometrist) and Joyce Miller (manager) work at the nationwide vision center on Bell Rd and were amazing and wonderful! Ryan Wiggins performed another eye exam on my daughter and found her optic disc to be pale (normally orange to pink in color) and what optometrists are supposed to evaluate when they dilate your eyes. They were then instrumental in getting my daughter the treatment that she needed. My daughter ended up having a brain tumor which was causing her blindness in her left eye and the vision impairment in her right eye. The tumor was pressing on her ocular chiasm causing ocular atrophy and a pale optic disc. If I would have listened to this poor professional my daughter may not be getting the treatment she so needed. If I could give the optometrist zero stars I would, but would give the staff five stars. It's not their fault the optometrist at this location does not know how to do his job.
1	The WORST shop ever. They will tell anything to make you buy from there and then they treat like shit. They are just awful people. Stay away and save your money and self respect.
