3	Did you know this place existed??  I didn't either, until last weekend when the Mr and I stumbled upon it on a blustery Sunday morning.  The cafe was nearly empty, but that's OK, it's small.  We shared a 'Fair Oaks Skillet', sausage, american fries, onions, green peppers, topped with two eggs.  It was actually really good, and the service was outstanding.  Just a couple of young guys working the place, but they were great- Good visit...until...you need to find the restroom.  It's downstairs, in the back, but that's all I can tell you since my eyes were closed for much of the trip.  Eww, eww, eww.Will we be back? Not tomorrow, but someday.
4	Hooray! Pancakes!While I was at Ace Hardware this morning, I thought to myself, "Man, I could go for a cup of coffee and some breakfasty-type item." I walked over to Lazy Jane's, but the line was out the door and I was impatient. I was by myself and wanted to be able to relax, read my book, and enjoy myself. I was walking back to my scooter when I saw Willalby's Cafe (it's next to Capitol City Tattoo).This place is great. The guy at the counter was friendly as can be. He warned me against getting two pancakes because, as he said, "If you eat both of them, you get them free." I'm glad he cautioned me because the pancake I got was the size of a gopher. It was light, blueberried, and not too sweet. The coffee was fantastic... nice and hot. Oh, and the price? Glad you asked. CHEAP AS HELL. I paid $4.75 (plus tip) for my ginormous pancake and delicious coffee. I love the old-timey diner feel of this place. Plus they were playing Nirvana.
4	This is my go-to diner, what I call lovingly the "punk rock" diner, because it seems to always play punk music.  Everything about this place is what you should expect from a lovely little greasy spoon next to a tattoo parlor.  The booths, the wood paneling on the walls, the seats at the bar, and all the accompanying kitsch.The food is what you'd expect from a greasy spoon, so if you're expecting something upscale, go down the street to Sardine or whatever.  But if you want a solid breakfast or brunch for under $10, this is exactly the place.  The omelets are particularly good -- I'm a big fan of their bomblet and the spanakopita.  The service is lovely; the place is never particularly busy and the wait staff doesn't give you a lot of indie-holier-than-thou lip.Bring a book, the morning paper, or a few friends.
5	This place is under new management and has been cleaned up and is really awesome. Very eclectic atmosphere. Gay/queer friendly now too :) plus they are open from 11pm to 4 am thur fri sat nights!
4	Under new ownership and two new changes make the HUGEST difference in the quality of the food: the grill is regularly cleaned and the ingredients are fresh. The menu is essentially the same as far as I can tell, with the same low prices, but I have trouble convincing friends how much better the food tastes! Mainly because for the last handful of years we could only brave the place when hangovers had numbed our tastebuds. Now the food is good, the coffee is great, the grill is clean and there's a friendly face in the kitchen. Love it!
5	I LOVE this place!!!!  It is my favorite breakfast place in all of Madison!!!  My favorite thing is the french toast...I crave this stuff!!!  The potatoes are excellent, I like mine with cheese and onions and everything is always cooked to perfection!!!  Everyone I have taken here and loved the food and had no complaints!!!  An added bonus is that I moved a half a block away about 3 months ago, so now if I could I would give it 6 stars!!!  I definitely recommend this place!!!
2	Great food, but on a Sunday afternoon it was extraordinarily slow. We waited almost 2 hours for our food. There was one person working the front and one person cooking.
5	1.  Don't go to Willalby's for speedy service.2.  Instead, go for the great atmosphere and the cozy, neighborhood feel.You'll have to wait for your food and maybe even a table but that gives you and your friends more time to catch up.  Also, the counter service is great as the wait staff are friendly.This is my go-to weekend brunch spot. There's no pretense just lots of friendly faces.
2	Three of us we went in this morning for brunch. I liked the diner and neighborhood feel, which is reinforced by the wood paneling on the walls and the triple nozzle milkshake maker. Prices are pretty cheap, with most breakfasts in the $5-8 range. The coffee is also pretty solid.However, after waiting 1.5 hours for breakfast with pretty inattentive service, I'm kind of over this place. There's a difference between charming and "we don't care." The biggest disappointment was when I finally got to take a bite of my Huevos Rancheros to find out that it just wasn't very good. I think part of me died today.
5	Great neighborhood greasy spoon! Yes, you will have to wait for your food but the atmosphere is so welcoming and laid-back that hanging out on a lazy morning is no chore. Plus, everybody that works here is super nice. Huge pancakes (with blueberries!), awesome scramblers, Just Coffee, affordable prices, what's not to like?
5	Great little diner!We ate here on a whim after moving to Madison, and we were very surprised with the laid back atmosphere and the super nice staff! Great food (I tried the vegan french toast, I'm not vegan, and it was GREAT), great staff and great "old time diner" feel. My favorite neighborhood cafe, by far. Make sure you bring cash, though. They don't accept cards.
3	The other reviews are more-or-less spot on with their descriptions and experience.  The place is tiny, which lends to a cozy, neighborhood diner vibe.  The small size also lends to the bigger problem - the long waits.  You'll wait for a seat, wait for service, and wait an incredible amount of time for your food.We stopped-in at 10:00-sharp on Saturday morning, scored two seats at the bar, and then waited about 10 minutes to be acknowledged.  Coffee (Just Coffee - perhaps the best Coffee in Southern Wisconsin) was brought to us about 5 minutes later.  We wanted to place our food order at that time, but were told to "hang on a sec."After another 10 minutes, we placed our order: 1 pancake, 1 Fair Oaks skillet.  Time of order: 10:30am.  Most other places would've had you in, fed, and out the door within 30 minutes.Coffee went dry by 10:45; the lone front-of-house staff member (doing duty as: waiter/coffee maker/water refiller/busser/etc) was swamped.  He did an admirable job, but it's hard to keep the coffees filled at all times... especially when you're taking care of the 15 bar seats and 6-8 tables... by yourself.Further complicating his valiant effort was the fact that he only had a single coffee machine with two small thermo carafes.  Each carafe held enough coffee for 8-10 cups; so, he was constantly juggling carafes between refills and making fresh coffee.  He also ran out of coffee cups, silverware, and creamer pots - the dishwasher/busser/assistant cook was swamped as well.Food came out at 11:50am.  No lie.  1 hour and 15+ minutes for the cook to fire-up a pancake and a skillet.  The food was good, but not worth the nearly two hours we had invested in our visit, nor the $18.75 price tag.  I like small, cozy places.  I like laidback environments.  But Willalby's is too much of "a good thing."  Too small means there isn't room for extra coffee makers or staff.  Too laidback means you'll alienate folks that can't spend 2+ hours on a breakfast at a diner.Willalby's = (barely) WINFood = 3 starsService = 3 stars (5 stars for attitude/friendliness; 1 star for attentiveness)Value = 1 star (expensive; nickel-and-dime-you on items)MISC = 3 stars (5 stars for homey feel; 1 star for being too small; 1 star for bathrooms)I'll probably go back, but only when I have an entire morning to dedicate to breakfast, and when I can remember to pack a flask of coffee, cream, some Clif bars, and a bunch of hand sanitizer to help survive the wait.
5	I love having a place like this in the neighborhood. The new management has cleaned it up and added great things to the menu like vegan biscuits & gravy (which are delicious, this coming from a meat-eater). AND it's open until 4am on weekends, which makes it the perfect spot for a late night snack.
4	This place hit the spot for a Sunday morning breakfast after a long day of celebrating a Badger win.  Cash only, tiny, neighborhood diner.  I loved that the (strong and delicious) coffee came in random, mismatched mugs and that the 70's era wood paneled walls were covered in random flea market type artwork. Seriously!  It just gives it a kind of cool vibe.  I ordered the Willalby omelette, which was awesome (eggs, ham, green pepper, mushrooms, etc).  And huge - enough to satisfy even the most hungover sports fan.  My husband got the french toast, which also was completely amazing (from the one bite he let me steal).  Everything was reasonably priced...between four people we got out of there for less than $50.  Food is good, but the atmosphere is even better.
5	love the divey look to this place. sat at the counter area b/c it made me feel cool. the waiter was adorable and congenial and i basically loved him.food: vegan french toast. three thick slices of serious amazingness. quite possibly the best french toast i've ever had in my entire life. eggs and all. with real WI maple syrup.bf had vegan biscuits and gravy with home fries. the gravy was not great but the 'scuits were delish.support these dudes, they are real nice.
2	Maybe my expectations were a little too high this morning, but even for hangover food, this was a little disappointing. As others have noted, the service was slow. We got a table right away, but it took a long time to get our food. I ordered the bomblet omelet and it came with toast and hash browns. (No one at our table received their toast that was supposed to come with each meal and we had to ask for it. The waiter added it as "an additional order" of toast.) My omelet was pretty plain. I was looking forward to the melted swiss cheese inside of it, which turned out to be processed swiss cheese that had a terrible melted rubber texture. The tomatoes seemed mealy and not fresh. Part of the omelet was undercooked and runny. The hash browns were dry and overcooked. The coffee was awesome, but it would be hard to mess up Just Coffee.Overall, I would will probably return here for late-night food or for breakfast if everywhere else was full. If you're on Willy Street and have some time to kill for breakfast anyway, go across the street to Lazy Jane's. They're faster, have more delicious food, and are open a 30 minutes later for brunch.
5	Yum! My husband and I love going to Willalby's for vegan french toast and biscuits and gravy. Thanks for making tasty vegan food :)We have also taken family to breakfast here. They enjoy the other selections on the menu as well. So the food is good for both veggies and meat-eaters!
3	a wonderful neighborhood place to do crossword puzzles and drink great coffee.vegetarian sausage? why yes, yes i will.
4	Great old diner, with counter seating and everything.  Super nice staff.  Went for breakfast.  For the vegans they have french toast and biscuits & gravy. The hash browns and veggies sausage are also vegan.  Pretty good food too, especially for the price.BTW, Cash only!
4	Old, dive-y diner, with a Willy Street twist.  I'm embarrassed to say it, but I think I eat here every weekend. The service is usually slow, but it's the weekend and so am I.  If it's busy, just plan on waiting a while for your food. I usually switch between the bomblet or the fair oaks skillet.  If you had a little too much fun the night before, the skillet is where it's at.  Greasy, meaty, potato-y and cheesy.  You'll also be full for at least 2 days if you can polish it off.  My friends have raved about the pancakes and the vegan french toast as well.The coffee is Just Coffee these days, but for some reason it still tastes like standard diner coffee.  Not a bad thing really, but definitely not my cup of tea (coffee?). I only get it because of the awesome mugs.
4	I finally found my pancake heaven. The "as big as your face" claim is true, and on top of that, it's darn tasty. Another bonus is the relatively quiet scene. This is not Lazy Jane or Monty's, and certainly no waiting line (yet). You show up, slide yourself into one of the booths, and a super nice waitress will come serve you fast.Everyone is just having a chill morning with nice breakfast - that's the Sunday morning scene I'd vote for. And, they have vegan French toast! I was skeptical at first, but it is actually great :)
4	There are a few things that bum me out about Willaby's. 1. They recently adjusted their hours and I won't be able to wander in there at 1am this Saturday. 2. The wait seems like forever. It probably only took twenty minutes for our food to arrive this Saturday, but it felt like an eternity. 3. I hate smelling like a hash brown. You leave and you smell like breakfast all day. I'm willing to look past these things because the food is mmm, mmm good. Butter. Lots of butter. And cheese, lots of cheese. I opted for something without much of either (eggs/toast/hash) and really dug my meal and didn't mind that it was under 7 bucks either! I hear when they're busy, plan to wait even longer for food, but it's totes worth the wait. The place is classic. Solid in every way. Though they can probs benefit from another cook because one person has a hard time plating a restaurant's worth of food. If you're a coffee drinker, they fill up pretty fun mugs with java. Get one! Snap a pic and post it like Tom Q!
2	I decided to give Willalby's a second chance since Lazy Janes had a 30 minute wait for a table. Willalby's was even worse. We got in, ordered, and then we waited an hour for our food. How hard is it to make some eggs and potatoes? The waiter said, "Oh, I forgot to tell you we had a wait," but the place wasn't that busy. Anyway, the food was okay, but definitely not worth an hour wait.
4	New Years Day, Lazy Jane's is packed to the gills with brunchers, so we decide to go up the street to Willalby's. We slide into a booth, and a harried looking waitress tells us the food will take about 40 min. Ok, no prob. I split a Bomblet omelet with my bf and his friend orders the French toast. One crossword puzzle later, 40 minutes on the dot, our food arrives. Boom. The omelet was super delicious what with the basil and tomato and BUTTER. Anyway, if you're an Austin transplant, this would be roughly the equivalent of Kerbey Lane. Or Magnolia Cafe. Except not open 24/7. Expect mismatched silverware, kitschy mugs obtained from a thrift shop, tons of hipsters, and the best fucking omelet in Madison.
3	Disappointed. Came in for a late breakfast as many tables were getting up. The dining area was at maybe a third capacity and our two omelets still took 40 minutes. Our server was pleasant enough, the place was clean and our food was pretty decent but I definitely became  "hangry" during that 40 minutes. As far as the price, quality and wait: I would go to Lazy Jane's over Willalby's in the future.
4	Loved it. I got the French toast with blueberries and it was great. But I agree with others we had to wait for 40minutes to get the food! The wait staff were nice and the other people at my table seemed to enjoy their food also. I will go there again but with a book or study material to pass my time while waiting for food.
2	I want to like Willaby's (good location, they used to be open late) but they fail me on my favorite diner foods: omelette and hash browns. The omelettes use some kind of fake cheese that make me feel sick every time. The potatoes are only ok. They also make big, flour-heavy pancakes that are the size of dinner plates that are probably a safer bet. Even though it's a drive, I prefer Dairyland Family Restaurant out on Cottage Grove for my non-ironic diner needs.
4	Being here makes me LOVE Sundays.  The ambiance is superb.  Old plaques on the faux wood walls, seats at the counter, multi-varied mugs, adorable hipster staff.  Same dude still works here (ur a cutie!).  Had the French Toast and still my favorite FT ever.  had a side of v-sausage, enjoyed that too. BF again had biscuits and gravy, a large and in charge plate of food. loved it.  We really like this place, really, really, really.
3	I checked out a review of this place before hitting it up (vegan breakfast fare can be dicey to say the least) and was pleased to see they offer a Tofu skillet plus Vegan Biscuits and Gravy. Because the omnipresent "tofu scramble" is wearing a bit thin, I decided to try the biscuits and gravy because... why the hell not. I was with four hungry dudes who each ordered some variation of eggs and sausage yet they were all drooling when my plate was brought out. Zing!The biscuits were suuuper hearty (I couldn't eat again until, like, 7 pm) and smothered in a bland gravy. I loaded on the hot sauce which helped but I still felt they were lacking in flavor. The plate came with hash browns and some chopped tomatoes and broccoli. I give Willalby's points for effort, but my meal wasn't superb.As for the guys' meals-- they were hungover and left highly satisfied. I heard that the sausage far surpassed nearby Lazy Jane's and the eggs were done well.
4	Came in for hangover brunch. Was not disappointed (queasy and headache-y, but not disappointed). Great staff and great food at a reasonable price. Bit of a wait for your food but worth it. Cash only!
5	Feel good food with feel even better prices! The food we had, for the prices we paid, was fantastic, especially considering they use real butter, fresh locally grown produce when possible and fair trade coffee too. They even offer some vegan meals. We got our food fast. Now open for breakfast and lunch only. I read a few reviews by some "never happy with anything" kind of people who seem to expect the heavens to open up and gift them $15 worth of food when they are only paying $7 a meal. We found the portions to be hearty, tasty and of great value. The instant you walk in the wait staff is extremely friendly and makes you feel right at home. This area of Madison is very safe and trendy. My wife and myself love Willalby's cafe.
4	Not much to say - it's a cute little cafe, good and simple food and great location! Will always come here for their breakfast whenever I'm in Madison - their pancakes are the biggest things I've ever seen!
4	I love this place. It's tiny, but I've never had to wait and there are always others. The good is exactly what you want with a local diner and the pancakes are huge.  The staff is amazing. There seem to be around four different servers who will take care of the entire place, and they do it with ease. The music is often a touch too loud and slightly heavy for me in te morning, but it's not too much of a distraction because they're mostly good tunes. I heard this place used to have hours that catered to bar-time crowds (which would be awesome) but they no longer do. As expected, it's cash only. I'll continue to spend time here and I don't want to tell people about it, because I'd rather keep it a secret.
5	Willabys makes me happy. Besides the diner from Pulp Fiction it creates my mental image of a diner. I was home for the holidays and went there as a destination.  The menu hasn't changed. The servers are great. The food takes a little time. Because it's cooked for you.
5	My friend and I came here for a super late brunch (1 pm) so the place was empty. Sometimes I feel like when I walk into an empty establishment close to closing the staff gets a little knackered...but the adorable waiter seemed delighted we were there! I had the vegan biscuits & gravy and they were hands down the best I've ever had, including non-vegan. SO flavorful, not too salty, just incredibly rich and filling. There were tomatoes & broccoli sprinkled on top which was a delicious addition. The hash browns that came on the side were also incredible--crispy on the outside & soft on the inside!All in all, a cute place with friendly staff and delicious breakfast. Perfect to start off your day on Willy St.
4	Great diner on Willy Street! Went here after finding out Lazy Janes wasn't serving breakfast (after 11). Willalby's serves breakfast all day.Pancakes are solid, omelette are amazing. Try the Hart's Content! The only thing that kept me from giving it 5 stars was the coffee. Not so good either of the three times I've been there. But very good diner (and cheap!) that I'd recommend.
5	I love Willalby's !!!!A wonderful much-needed greasy spoon in the Willy St. area. The service is great, it is a nice and warm atmosphere, and the food is always exactly what I need on a Saturday morning. I hope it never leaves!
5	I LOVE this place!I went here for breakfast this morning and was very happy. It is very hard to find a breakfast/cafe on Williamson street that is also child friendly, but this is it.The server was great, very informative, and was even kind with my daughter. She showed us where the children's toys were, and even put on a little puppet show for her. I had the veggie sandwich, my friend had one with bacon and spinach, and they made a mini pancake for my little one. I tried all three, and they were delicious.I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for fast, cheap, and child friendly restaurant. I am stoked I was able to find a place in my neighborhood that my daughter and I can share breakfasts together.
5	This is a small diner with real home-cooked food with vegetarian and vegan options and a kitschy decor. Don't expect for this to be immediate gratification experience. The good things in life take time. Get there early for the chocolate chip pancakes!
4	While ingenuity is appreciated, it's oftentimes best to abide by the classics. And it doesn't get much more classic than a big a** plate of Chocolate Chip Pancakes at Willalby's.This hole-in-the-wall diner kills it in terms of cheap, no frills breakfast fare. It's safe to order just one pancake here because it'll come out the size of your head, plus some. The Chocolate Chip Pancake is necessary -- an ordinary pancake will not do. The generous portion of chocolate will softly melt into the thin, dense cake in a way that will make you smile. Then add to this beautiful creation a massive amount of fluffy whipped cream, soft butter and just enough syrup to the point where your pancake is drowning in glorious calories. That is happiness on a plate right there I want me some more.
5	I'm obsessed with this place recently.  I love a nice, relaxed diner atmosphere, one without pretension, and Willalby's fits the bill.  Equally important, they have fantastic vegetarian offerings (like tofu and veg sausage and even nondairy cheese), so I can actually get a veg meal with protein that's yummy.The prices are good and the service is friendly without being pushy. This isn't a place to go if you want some flashy hangout where the staff will fawn all over you, but if you'd like to have a filling, tasty breakfast at a good price, go for it.
