3	It's a Smiths, which I want to say is Ralph's in California. This store is close to my house, so I find it very convenient to frequent here. Most of my grocery shopping is done here. The prices are standard for most supermarkets, so nothing special really here.They have 2 Red Box machines!
5	Just moved to this side of town and I am very happy this is now my local grocery store!  The prices are impressive, the store has a wide variety of items (competes with other chain stores in the area like Target, WalMart, Fresh & Easy, etc.) and it has an overall friendly neighborhood market feel.I rented a carpet cleaner the week we moved in and the store manager was the one to help me with it.  She was very friendly and helpful.  Customer service is certainly a lost art in this city and this store is mastering it.Also impressed with the pharmacy.  Friendly, easy, and never too busy.Not a fan of the store's bakery items or alcohol selection, but outside of that it has all you expect in a grocery store.
2	I moved a tiny bit uptown and this Smith's is now the closest to home.  I kind of despise this store.  I get my weekly ad and make my list.  I don't know why I keep coming back to this place because they usually only have half the stuff listed on sale from the ads.  As a self proclaimed cheapskate this really bugs me.  The only thing I can say I like about this store is the layout because it works on how I pick up things when shopping.  I can get all of my non-perishables first then head up the back to get meat, dairy, and frozen goods in one fell swoop.  I really like the Smith's at Camino Al Norte and Ann road, so even though it's farther away, I aim for that store instead.  The people who work there are just friendlier, the store is bigger, and they have all the sale items I want without frustration.
4	Yay! I'm a fan.Your friendly, neighborhood grocer (and Spider-Man) seems to have become a lost art -- at least in the areas I have lived in.  Emphasis now seems like lie in the get in, get out as quickly as possible.  Nothing is horribly wrong with that, and in fact, it seems to be quite necessary in our social climate.  Yet if that is the only mentality, then people start not to care about what they're getting, where it came from, or what it's made of.  Instead, create an environment revolving around courtesy, cleanliness, and quality where even people in a rush will appreciate it.  This Smith's gives a shot at that.From the customer service desk to the meat monger...from the cashier to the manager...and even the bagger are all friendly folk.  Service with a smile is an awesome thing.  Just getting my Smith's card was already an amiable experience.  Also one time, I grabbed a wrong item, but I wasn't about to make a fuss about it.  The cashier, who I think was also a manager (big fan of those who lead by example), insisted that it would be no trouble at all and sent the bagger to make the exchange.  Now that's the kind of customer satisfaction that can brighten anyone's day.The whole store is clean, well laid-out, well stocked, and organized.  The prices are nothing special -- neither high nor low.  Their selection of quality items is definitely above the average grocery.  Even the store's own brand (Kroger) is pretty decent; for example, the buffalo sauce is quite tastey, and if you read the ingredients, better than most others out there too.  Also, they have a little gambling area for those interested.  I'm really glad that out of all the possibilities, this grocery is my neighborhood option.
4	I shop at Smith's because I find their selection and pricing better than Von's or Albertson's.  I shop at *this* Smith's because of convenience.It's a newer store and very clean.  Everything is organized well and I never see things out of place or disheveled.  Other than produce, everything is always in stock.Speaking of produce, it seems as though they are trying to get a few more organic items which I really appreciate.  They also have a decent-sized natural foods area.  If you are like me, you will still need to go to Whole Foods to get everything you need, but if you want some organic soy milk or cereal you can find that here.  Also, the prices are good and many times you can find items on clearance for even more savings.  My only complaint is that they made the bulk section much larger (which I would like), but most of it isn't organic.The bakery is ok and the produce is hit-or-miss depending on when you get there.  The alcohol section is pretty good, especially if you are looking for wine, but I usually just go to Lee's (in the same parking lot) since the pricing is better.I can't speak for the deli, meat, and seafood sections since I'm a vegetarian.Employees are friendly and parking is easy.  They keep a line or two open for those that don't want to use self-checkout.  Two Red Box machines in the lobby.
4	Great store, Very clean, most always stocked with everything I need and the staff is terrific. Everyone is always very friendly and easy going, even management is helpful and personable at this location.theres an Albertsons and a fresh & easy both closer to me but my husband and I still prefer driving here.
4	I definitely prefer this smith's to the others near me.  It seems more organized and put together. I never have issues going rough check out like I do at other locations and the staff is always friendly. I was extremely happy because I went to two other stores looking for an item and finally found I at this location. There is a smiths closer to me (within walking distance) but I think I will start coming to this one instead.  I leave feeling happier at this location, if grocery shopping can be a happy experience?
4	One of the cleaner Smith's in town.  I'll usually travel a couple of miles further to this location.  Friendly staff, and the shelves are stocked.
3	I love Smiths and the people who work there are super friendly!However... There have been a large amount of flies flying around. This is a little disconcerting and reflects badly on the cleanliness of the store. They were really clean before! I don't know what's up recently. I understand they have produce and there are little "hitchhikers" that may take a ride all the way to the store from shipment, but there are ways of preventing this. They've been there for the past couple weeks and I'm contemplating going to another grocery store that's farther to avoid this...Please read and do something about this!!(They're in the produce section but mostly all over the butcher and deli area)
3	Meh. What can I say......I don't like the employees' attitude(s) here.. But we were visiting family on this side of town.Gotta love when I first walk in, the young kids on cart duty are cussing up a storm about some nonsense.Walking by the deli, I was able to get a sushi sample, (which I have never seen at my store in old henderson) before the sample man was distracted by another employee, talking about another employee crying because she has to do her job. I was able to swoop some neon food coloring (4 for under $2) and my cousins were able to find some discounted nail polish.  Same old Smith's.... But employees here..... Not so much.
