5	This store is the ONLY place is Las Vegas that I have found that sells Guyabano Fruit or known otherwise as Sour Sop, that cures cancer 10,000 times better than Chemotherapy and @ 4.79 a pound its alot cheaper too!! I dont have cancer and I plan on eating this fruit as a preventative measure so I dont get it. I had even gone to China Town specifically looking for this and had people looking at me like I had 2 heads. Look no further!!Its a bonus that the Owner Jaruayporn (Jan) & her husband are nice personable people.
1	Tall white guy running the store, implied he was the owner. He did not know what Hoisin sauce was!!!!  We were shocked, which apparently set him off. Was rude, called us a$$holes.  We left our other purchase and walked out. He was so belligerent that I felt physically threatened.  Avoid at all costs!!!
5	Friendly atmosphere in manna market-very nice and knowledgable white man helped us find Thai cake mix and rice...store as clean as a marine corps barracks...lovely Thai lady obviously in charge which gives the store Asian charm...you gotta get your Thai food at manna market!  Great service!   Now we do all of our shopping there when in Las Vegas !
1	i went into the store looking for Kaffir lime leaves for a very common Thai soup. when I walked in I asked the older white guy if they had any. he led me back to the freezer and some unmarked frozen leaves asking me "is this what you want?" I told them I wanted them if they were lime leaves, but he wasn't able to tell me what they were. he said they were for people that "know what their looking for." I repeated that I was looking for kaffir lime leaves and he said he'd never heard of it. then he grabbed a random jar off the shelf and said "here, since you don't know what you're looking for I could sell you anything." I told him he was rude and he replied "then leave." he told me someone else worked the next day that might know what the leaves were. I thought about going to back to complain, but now knowing he's the owner I will just not go there again.
