5	I met Darrell at a chamber of commerce event and I came to him with frustration. I have worked with other companies in the past and have been extremely frustrated when they do not tell me WHAT they are doing. They leave me in the dark and are secretive. I must say that I only sat down with Darrell for about an hour and have learned more from what he told me that I have from paying someone else. They really do care about educating their customers and providing them with superior services. He was honest with me, told me a few areas I should improve upon (on my current site) and was simply very informative about the process involved. I would recommend Yokel Local confidently to my closest business contacts, friends and family. Thank you!
5	I'm so glad that I met Matt at Yokel Local Internet Marketing. His professionalism, attention to detail, and willingness to listen to me about marketing my brand and helping me be at the top really spoke volume to me about the integrity and reputation of this company. I know there are many other internet marketing businesses out there, but with out a doubt in my mind, I would recommend Yokel Local Internet Marketing to anyone who wants exceptional service, quality work, attention to detail, and to be at the top. Thank you so much for all that you do:-)
5	I truly have been beyond impressed with the Yocal Local team!  Janel specifically is amazing! She has a wealth of knowledge and expertise in all areas of online marketing.  She has helped me take my online marketing campaign to the next level.    Matt is extremely talented as well.  He has helped my husband and I create videos for our business.  The videos Matt has created have far exceeded any expectations I initially had.  Darrell is a wonderful resource for small business owners also.  He has been diligent about explaining in detail various components of online marketing.  I would highly recommend using the Yocal Local Team.  They are brilliant!  Thank you guys for helping my business.
5	Two thumbs up for Yokel Local.  I shopped around for a company to manage, maintain and SEO our company's website.  I had been talking with Janel about switching companies. She invited me to a Chamber meeting where I saw Darrell speak. I really enjoyed his presention. I continued my search always asking Janel's opinion on SEO side. She always got back to me within minutes of emails or text. It was wonderful customer service and I was not even a customer! She set up a meeting with Darrell. He was super informative, he did his homework before the meeting checking out my site and found that it was done really well. He asked what our goals were for our business. The following week he emailed a contract with a game plan and a promise. Followed up by a phone call and another meeting with us to ensure we understood it all.  Here it is less than a year later and YL has delivered! Janel and the team go above and beyond anything in the contract I signed.  They approch everything with the same interigity we do here at our company. They are my marketing department not just a service or a company working for me. The whole YL team works with each company they market to reach their goals....They reached mine in Nov 2013 just 7 months working with us. They have advised me on website, SEO, videos, mailers, and even fixed my google+ account. Took 6 weeks but I can now reply to my customer reviews. We are in consistance contact pretty much weekly. I also love the fact that they make sure they to not represent two companies from the same field of service!!! This loyality money can not buy. I highly recommand YL for your SEO needs and more....Five Star rating and above!
5	Yokel Local has surpassed all of my expectations in every way possible. Having worked with them for about a year now I can honestly say that I am extremely lucky to have such a wonderful marketing department on my side for all of my marketing needs. Not only is their entire staff friendly, knowledgeable, and extremely helpful, Yokel Local staff is really passionate about their work and the success of all of their clients which means the world to me. The relationship that we have built between our companies is one that I am really proud of and very thankful for; a relationship built around trust, transparency, and commitment to one another. Thanks to the immense support from Yokel Local I know that we are working diligently to consistently increase presence for our company. I highly value the opinions of every single person on their team and will continue to use them forever as my business continues to grow!
5	Met Stormie Sr. & Stormie Jr. at a Henderson Chamber of Commerce meeting.  They were very friendly and informative, and we decided to have the Google Business Review done for our salon, Green Turtle Salon & Spa.  You can see their work if you Google the salon.  They scheduled our photo shoot when convenient for the business.  Dana was right on time for our photo shoot and took great care to make sure it turned out beautifully.  The Business View virtual tour turned out great and was posted in about a week or so.  Then, they followed up and provided us several tips for our internet presence.  They are great to work with and they seem to genuinely care about their customers and their customers' success.
5	We cannot recommend Yokel Local Internet Marketing  highly enough. We just completed the first phase of marketing with them--the creation of a tremendously professional website and couldn't be more pleased. If you are looking for people who LISTEN, who CARE about your business, and who are professional in every way, look no further.  YOKEL LOCAL is the place to go!
5	I didn't get a chance to work with these guys, but I am writing the review because they showed great integrity when I talked to them on the phone. I am having problems with my current SEO guy so I called these guys for advice. The guy (sorry I can't remember his name), spoke with me about the issues I was having for about ten minutes, knowing that ultimately he was going to have to tell me that due to the fact that he was already working with an HVAC company he wouldn't be able to work with me due to a conflict of interest. That is both great customer service and integrity. If you can get them to take you as a client, I highly recommend them based on my short experience with them.
