5	There is an asian pharmacist and I believe her name is Melissa. She is such a pleasure to work with. She is always willing to help and is so pleasant. Although I have another Walgreens closer to my house I always go to this one. There used to be a young pale kind of awkward girl that used to be there and I'm not sure if she's still there or not but I'm glad I don't have to deal with her anymore. If I would have known of yelp when she was helping me this Walgreens would have received one star but Melissa really proved above and beyond. She is great and she definitely needs a raise.
1	I went to this Walgreens looking for something specific. When I walked in and asked where I could find it, the associate promptly told me the aisle to go to. Prior to coming to the store, I had searched the walgreens website and saw that this product was available at this specific store or atleast that's what the website listed.I went to the said aisle and could not find it so went back to the associate and she directed me to the cashier who did not know and said she could ask her manager to check if the product is in the system. I wrote down the name of the product and tried my best to explain what it was with the limited understanding I had about it.The manager came a few minutes later and asked me. I told him what I understood and requested him to check as the website listed the product as available. He spoke in a rude high tone stating that if I could not tell him what exactly the product was for, he would not be able to do anything. When I suggested that he check the system as I  had spelt out the name, he said they did not have internet in the store to do that.The earlier associate returned in the mean time and offered to check in the system. The manager came and stood next to her when she told me they did not have the product at the store. I thanked her and suggested that maybe they should contact the corporate office just to let them know that the site should be updated on a regular basis.The manager then again spoke rudely and said that if the website states a product is in store, its not always the case, Frustrated by this point, I just walked away saying all I was doing was giving feedback.I will take the longer route to get to another walgreens or cvs in the future and avoid this place, as even though the associates are fine, the manager seriously needs lessons in customer service.
5	Red Velvet Cupcakes....Ya'll for real dude!  They have some Red Velvet cupcakes in this Walgreens, that is just as good as any cupcake place in town for about $1.95.  They also have a pack of small ones, there like bite size, I you get 12 in the container, for $2.00.   My husband has more of a sweet tooth than me, so he has to order them.  Matter of fact, they just call him now, when a new shipment comes in.  And they will put some aside for him.
4	I have never been in a retail store where the people were so nice.And they have the " best' card selection in town.Everyone says hello when you walk in.I have been going there for 3 years and it's still pretty cool.
4	We use this walgreens for all our pharmacy needs.  The pharmacy staff even know my hubby by fisrt and last name... he's not sure if this is a good thing or bad thing lol but I think it great customer service!
4	Very friendly staff and they always have a deal on my husbands cigarettes and energy drinks.
1	The service at this walgreens is absolutely APPALLING!!! There are several employees that seem to have a god complex going on, and they are completely disrespectful! My husband and I went to this location to pick up some photos taken by our photographer of our son. They did not want to print the photos due to copyright laws.. understandable. What wasn't understandable was the fact that we showed them multiple interactions between our photographer and us, giving full copyright permissions, we also had our photographer on the phone.. and they still would not give us our photos!! we have had these EXACT same photos printed at other locations with no problem before. The incredibly large and unkept employee behind the counter seemed to find joy in turning us away. Her coworker then joined in, and they began to raise their voices at us IN FRONT OF OUR BABY!! After telling them that we would no longer be doing business with them, the employee proceeded to yell at us ACROSS THE STORE, making a huge scene in which the entire store watched. It completely ruined our evening and left a very sour taste in our mouths. I will see to it that nobody i know ever does business at this walgreens again. Never have I ever been treated so incredibly disrespectfully at an establishment!!
5	Very helpful and professional pharmacy staff. Always efficient and take time to ask if need instructuons.
4	Even tho' I believe most Walgreens are the same ... I'd like to make it clear that I go to this Walgreens because Evelyn has been outstanding with customer service since day one! A truly great employee you guys have.
