3	I love some Chick-Fil-A.  I love the Randolph Road one even better, because it's customer appreciation week.  Who heard of an entire week of free stuff from a fast food restaurant?  That's awesome!  This morning was a free chicken biscuit, and there are other giveaways coming the rest of the week.As to the food, it's standard CFA fare - their unique take on chicken, which is unequaled, even though McDonald's has tried with their "Southern Style" chicken that just doesn't quite make it.The staff at this location has to be the friendliest I've ever met.  Even though I came in, had a water and the free biscuit, they were attentive to my every need.  Absolutely amazing how friendly that they were, and I was simply astounded.  Even when you buy stuff at other locations they aren't typically that friendly.
4	This is by far my favorite Chick Fil A in the Charlotte area.   No matter what time of day I go in, the staff are always super (and I mean like crazy, super, wtf nice).  Food is always hot and ready quick.   I would suggest not going right at 12:00pm for the lunch rush cause it gets super packed.The kids that work at this store must be the pride and joy of their parents.   To be honest, it almost scares me how nice they are.    I am not going to lie, I have driven off a couple of times with an eerie pit in my stomach after a SUPER DUPER FRIENDLY interaction......"thank you sir it was a pleasure to serve you this morning, I hope you have a great day".........EEEK!
4	First time I've had CFA since being here in Charlotte!  Not sure how it escaped me, but glad I finally got around to it.  Great service and really good food.  Not the most exciting place to write about.Hit the drive-thru during breakfast hours and the sausage burrito & spicy chicken biscuit did not disappoint. Fan4life.dmo out.
5	Love Chick Fila Costwold!  The food is always hot and the staff is great!!
5	I had to wait longer than usual but well worth it to show support.  Love the backbone to not back down for their morals!!!! Always reliable with great food and great service! And today was another usual day for Chick-fil-A wonderful food
4	One of the better ones I have been to. I would say, for myself, that this one is the premiere Chick-Fil-A for Charlotte, NC. Parking can be an issue and according to what time of day you go there may and could be a very large crowd. So plan accordingly. Food has always been hot, fresh, and good.
5	We ate lunch here today and again it was excellent food and service!Excellent again today:-)  1/31/13
4	Hello friends,Short and sweet. Its a Fast Food chain. This location is ...wait.... get this..... FAST!! They had a line when I pulled up, so I parked and went in. Ordered and left. People were cleaning up floors, windows etc. when I was walking out!! Fast food Fast... now ain't that something!!!TTFN
5	Great location. Always fresh. Spicy chicken is the best. Love chick fil a.
1	Yuck! what happen to hair nets?!  gross!!!!!!
1	I tried this again due to the free giveaway sent out in the mail!   YUCK! still no hair nets and Kristen was rude about it too!!!  But when your hair is long enough to be in food when it is a ponytail it is not good enough to put it in a ponytail!!!!!  GROSS!!!!!!!  GROSS!! And my order is WRONG!  and horrible parking lot to enter and leave!!! Dangerous!
5	We visit this location often and have since our daughter was a baby and now she is starting to drive..Love the staff and management we pass 3 other location and live 10 miles away but it does not matter!
4	It's a good location but the service is a little slow at night. You can't beat their customer service.
