5	Since living in Las Vegas (August of 2000) I have been looking for a great animal rescue to volunteer my time with that was truly about saving dogs and not about the $$$$$. I met Diana England about two years ago and since than I have volunteered for her ever since. She is truly about the dogs and I mean lives and breath the well being of a dog. She has never turned away a dog due to medical needs and has always made sure each and every dog is taken care of. She believes in rehabilitation of dogs in need and than re-homing to a perfect match with a family in search of an addition to their home. I have adopted a dog from her as well and little Maddy has become a staple in our family and honestly can not remember a day without her. Diana has a strong group of volunteers that devote their time without pay to foster animals, care for animals, transport and fund raise not to mention work every weekend at an adoption event all over Las Vegas Valley. Diana has spent more than 100,000 dollars on medical care alone and this year alone we rescued and adopted over 300 dogs. When adopting with A Home 4 Spot, you get the full story of what each dog will bring to your family. Kill Shelters can not say the same. A Home 4 Spot trains,socializes, rehabilitates and heals every dog they place. Not to mention every dog is microchipped, spayed or neutered and up to date on their shots. This is a great rescue, the best in town.
5	I've been fostering with AH4S since 2012.  Since then I have fostered over 20 dogs.  It has been a great experience for my family.  AH4S covers all medical costs and will also supply dog food if needed.  All you have to do is provide a loving temporary home until a forever home can be found.  There are adoption events on the weekends for you to bring your foster and volunteers are available to bring your foster if you are unable.  One of the things I love most about AH4S is that you have a say in who adopts your foster.  If you feel a family or person might not be a good fit for your foster dog you do not have to adopt to them.  Some rescues do not give you that option.  Everyone at AH4S truly cares about the dogs and always puts them first.  They can always use volunteers (fostering, handling dogs at events, transportation) and donations (money, food, pet supplies).  Check them out!
5	I have been volunteering for AH4S since 2011.....one of the BEST rescues in Vegas.  They are truly dedicated to doing what is best for the dogs. I also adopted from AH4S, their foster families are angels here on earth.  PLEASE like their FB page, donate, volunteer, support them in any way you can.  One single action can save a life!
5	Best animal rescue ever!  Okay, that might be hard to ascertain, but A Home 4 Spot is pretty fabulous.  I observed for several months before getting involved in 2012 as a volunteer and foster parent.  Since then I've fostered quite a few dogs, placed them in great homes, and been very active in the adoption process.Diana England is the founder and president and does a great job of running the show and keeping momentum up.  There are a few point people who manage other day to day operations, like adoptions and helping new fosters, and the rest of the organization is a bunch of happy volunteers.  The organization as a whole is compiled of dedicated, knowledgeable, and empathetic people who are doing a fabulous job.AH4S works by pulling dogs from the deadly kill shelter (The Animal Foundation), strays off the streets, and wherever else they might come across abused, injured, or unwanted dogs.  The rescue takes them in all shapes, sizes, colors and ages, and works to get them in tip-top shape so they can find someone who is committed to loving and caring for them forever.  In the meantime they are housed in an individual volunteer's home and cared for just as you would your own dog.  AH4S is of course no-kill, meaning dogs are never killed for space or minor issues like we see so often at local "shelters."If you cannot afford food, AH4S will provide it.  Vet care is taken care of completely.  If you're fostering a dog but you need a leash and a crate, no worries, they've got you covered!  If you find yourself a little lost and not sure how to train your new foster dog to sit, they've got a great support group on Facebook to stay connected.  Of course, there are myriad ways to get involved, so if you're not sure how you can help, just ask!  Check out www.ahome4spot.com or their Facebook page for more info.The most important quality about AH4S is how much each and every person cares about the dogs.  Everyone is interested in loving each dog to the max and finding the right home--not just the first person who wants the dog or the highest bidder.  Some rescues just try to "turnover" their dogs like retail product on a shelf, which usually ends up in further abuse and dogs being returned and abandoned down the road.  AH4S does the best they can to screen and interview adopters so the right homes are found, and then work with them to answer questions and provide support after adoptions.  If you called the Animal Foundation with concerns about your new pet's potty training issues, they'd just tell you to return the dog so they could kill it.  Adoption fees are reasonable and help defray the cost of caring for the dogs, although they are always in need of monetary donations and supplies.  Money is well spent here.  Volunteers are unpaid, so when someone writes a check to the rescue, it's going straight to the animals, not some administration's paycheck.  Many of the volunteers donate their money as well to their own fostering operation and the rescue as a whole to help.  Fundraisers are always a success because of the commitment to helping dogs.Not all animal rescue groups are created equal.  I have worked with over 20 animal rescue groups in several states and would definitely only recommend a handful--A Home 4 Spot is one of the best.
5	I moved here from the east coast a little over a year ago and did some volunteer work there. After I got settled in I found a dog I wanted to help and I contacted a bunch of dog rescues to see if they could help I got some responses but A Home 4 Spot stepped in and got the dog help right away. We took her to the vet because she needed surgery on her leg and was partially blind in one eye. They didn't even blink. I fostered the dog through them until she got a good home. I am soon to foster another through them and will always work with them. Diana and Jessica are amazing and so are the rest of the crew that I have met. They really do a wonderful thing here for these animals. If you are trying to find an organization to foster for or adopt from this is it. I promise you won't be disappointed.
5	Best rescue! We adopted our lab/dotson mix, Scarlet about a month ago and will certainly be back to adopt another!
1	This is a review from the perspective of an individual not affiliated with "A Home For Spot". The only reason I am giving one star here is due to fact that someone actually returned my call, non of the other "rescues" have so far. A dog was abandoned in our neighborhood. He was filthy, thin, young and eating out of garbage cans on garbage day. Once I realized he was friendly I welcomed into our yard and gave him water. I had my husband bring home a bag of dog food that night and we've been taking care of him out of our own pocket ever since. We've been trying on our own to find him a home but our efforts to find a GOOD home for this lovely pitbull have been futile. I finally decided to contact a rescue for assistance placing him in a good home. I am not looking to drop him off anywhere and I am happy to keep caring for him at my own cost until a home can be found. When I received a call back from "A Home For Spot" I was very surprised by the information.   After explaining the situation I was told that I would have to get the dog neutered, at my own cost, before they would help me to find him a home.  I absolutely agree with spaying and neutering. Paying for this service on a pet that is not my responsibility I have an issue with, but I was willing to seek out an inexpensive option per her suggestion if it would help the dog find a home. Then, she wanted to know if he was socialized with other animals. A valid question I thought, but I have no idea since we have no pets. She suggested I take him to a dog park and find out(from through the fence). I explained that this would be difficult. I have two children under the age of two it's difficult even going to the grocery store, my husband is gone working constantly and I have safety concerns taking my babies to a dog park in the first place.  She snapped back, "Well, I have nine dogs and two kids and I do it all on my own."  I was done. I said thank you for the information and goodbye. I am even more shocked to be learning per these reviews all of the supplies and vet care that the volunteers for this group are receiving. I am happy that these volunteers are greatly supported in their efforts. Why not offer some support to someone trying to do the same thing on their own?  I'm happy to pay for feeding him and pick up after him while a home is being found, not a problem. Why make it so difficult and shame someone for their legitimate limitations?  I am very disappointed. I will absolutely not take this sweet dog to Lied and unfortunately I am back to square one. I can understand that this lady probably deals with some very ignorant and careless individuals and perhaps she is just frustrated. But please realize that this is not the case for everyone. Some of us are on your team and trying to help, not add to the problem. I can only hope that this review serves as a reset button on how you treat individuals seeking your assistance. Thank you and many blessings.
5	I have never adopted a rescue dog before. I decided I needed a little companion and had the opportunity to adopt a little dog named Einstein. He has been the best companion ever:) it's a great thing they do here, so I adopted a second dog. A maltise mix with an underdeveloped eye. They have brought so much joy into our family.
