5	Last weekend 4/27/13 we celebrated our son's B-Day. The theme was call of duty black ops. The manager (young lady) very helpful, gave us wonderful suggestions and worked with us to come up with a wonderful cake piece to compliment the theme party. The cake was a hit and our son loved his "personal car package". Thank you Baskin Robbins the cake was delicious too. Oreo cookies and cream with chocolate cake.
4	Note to owner/management, the two kids working on 12/17/13 should be commended!The tasty treats we all love at Baskin Robbins are always the same regardless of the store you go to.  There are three things that will continually bring me back to this location:*strip mall!  I always have a good feeling coming to this store.  There is another store three miles south of this one that makes you feel you are "slumming it" for ice cream.  You have plenty of parking without the worry of your car leaving without you.  There are two outdoor tables that you want to sit at because the area is so nice. *customer service!  Excellent customer service is doled out on every visit to my family and I at this store.  These kids honestly appear to enjoy their jobs which is always refreshing.  The pride these employees exhibit makes you want to buy something.  *store appearance!  On top of the over the top customer service, these kids keep the store clean.  I have never seen this store dirty or unorganized.  The clientele here always pickup after themselves which contributes to the cleanliness. Why settle for a mediocre product or treatment?  This area has plenty of choices to get frozen treats from.  I hope my message of this store makes it to my fellow Yelper!  If you do come out to this store and are given great customer service, be sure to drop a little something in these kids tip jar.  You know you've been to other establishments with rude/unfocused kids manning the counters.  Take care of them!
5	Second visit to this location. Great service again this visit. Ordered a cake and couldn't be happier! Will definitely be back to this BR for my future cake order!
4	A lot of wheelchair space, free samples which I ordered. Will continue to go back. With it being so close I will frequent the establishment  I'm sure.
4	We stopped by yesterday to have some ice cream after we picked up our daughter from daycare.I had a coupon on my phone for a buy one get one free cone of pumpkin cheesecake flavor. I didn't print the coupon because going there was a last minute decision and I've never had any issues showing coupons on my phone before. The coupon had the PLU code and everything and it came from a reliable website I've used many times with no problems whatsoever.There were two girls behind the counter but I couldn't get their names. A Hispanic blonde one (not natural blonde) and a dark hair one. The blond one gave us an attitude and even told the dark hair one to tell us to print the coupon next time. I'm not sure why she couldn't have told us herself but I thought it was extremely rude of her to do that. Very passive aggressive, if you ask me.The dark hair girl was extremely nice. Even when the blonde one typed God knows what on the register and the price of both cones was higher then it should've been, the dark hair girl said that was wrong and fixed it , herself. I was shocked by her behavior.Our ice cream was delicious. The place's small. There are a few tables and chairs inside the store and a couple of tables outside the store. It's just fine for a quick ice cream stop.I'm giving it 4 starts because the dark hair girl was very nice to us and she tried to help us while the blonde hair one was just extremely rude. No manners whatsoever. I know it may not be the job of her dreams but she should treat customers a little bit more respectfully.
