5	Quail Plumbing is legit and don't play games.  When you call inquiring about service they will give you the estimated costs if you ask at mininum such as labor, trip charge and machine charge if applicable.  They don't play the I DON'T KNOW game that most other valley plumbing compaines do such as Roto Rooter.This prevents the awkard moment of when the technician comes out and evaluates your plumbing issue and then quotes you an off the wall amount to fix it.  Then you feel stuck because you know nothing about plumbing except that it makes your life easier.The next time you have a plumbing issue or simply need an installation of sorts call Quail Plumbing !
5	They installed our water softener as well as performed some repairs around the house. Very reasonably priced and great service. Highly recommend
5	Not sure if they are good at plumbing, but I wanted to leave a positive review because yesterday I was in Goodyear at a QT and locked my keys in my car. A very nice man was more than willing to help me retrieve them without seeming put out or bothered. As a scattered and tired mom of 4 I can not tell you how much I appreciated the help and made a possibly long, tiresome process of getting my car open a 3 minute bump in my day. I will definitely be calling if I need any plumbing needs and recommend them just for kindness alone. Thank you to the man who helped me out, you made my (and my kiddos) day!
5	For only the second time in several years, I needed a plumber and so once again called Quail Plumbing, a company who impressed me the first time I used them by being reasonably priced and very professional. This time too they did not disappoint. The gal who answered the phone was very nice & helpful and got me on the schedule in a couple of days. Greg arrived this morning as scheduled at 8:00 sharp. He quickly identified the problem was with a failing vacuum breaker on the main water line to the house. He wasted no time in picking up the part at a nearby Home Depot and went to work. He was finished and the area cleaned up in an hour as promised. His estimate was very reasonable and there were no surprises, and he taught me a few things about how everything worked. I recommended Quail Plumbing to a friend a few months ago and she too was so impressed.There really is a good plumbing company out there!!! I'm happy to strongly recommend Quail Plumbing.  They're in a whole different class from the plumbing companies who we all know by name but learn to avoid!
