4	Vermicelli with roasted pork was bomb. Servers need to understand all played should come out together. Otherwise, the service wasn't that bad. Really enjoyed the food. Nice and clean!
5	I'm very satisfied with Saigon! I got the tofu with mixed veggies, good portion and great flavor. My coworkers each got pho and said the broth was wonderful. This is gonna be a new lunch spot for me and my coworkers!
5	Great Pho! Good broth. Good portion for a Reg bowl. Will be my new go to place for pho.
1	If you are an asian or familiar with asian food then do not come here. Food are terrible! my wife could cook 10 times better.  Ice coffee tastes like water.   Service is horrible.Will never come here again. Do not waste your money.  Doan 's place is alot better.
5	The servers are terrific. The pho is excellent. A little salty but just perfect in many ways. The summer rolls are superb. The red bean ice cream a bit icy. You need more turnover of this product.
4	After one pho lunch I wasn't sure if I was ready to give Saigon Bay five stars - that's a big deal people!My "regular" portion of pho was plenty and plenty delicious. I opted for P2- filet and the meat was sliced thin and came raw in my to-go package as to not over cook in the hot broth.The to-go order was ready quickly and packaged well for transport. Saigon Bay is in front of Sushi 101 - in case you were turned around like I got.A bowl of love that will satisfy any pho craving- can't wait to try them again and truly rave.
5	Have eaten here twice in 1 week. Can't get enough of their food. We ordered something off their special one night and loved the flavors. Had com dac biet today and loved it. Highly recommend this restaurant for great Vietnamese cuisine.
4	This place is LEGIT! A lot of Vietnamese places in my area really only just do the pho (and maybe vermicelli) well, but this place also does some other, less popular Vietnamese dishes.+ The large pho is MASSIVE. It could maybe feed 3-4 people (and I might suggest eating it this way and going family style on a few other dishes so your dinner isn't just one note consisting of a giant pot of pho)+ Generous portions of greens, with culantro? which isn't always offered at some pho places+ The salted limeade drink was an adventure! Definitely a more traditional Vietnamese drink that is an acquired taste. It might be more refreshing to drink on a hot day, I think.~ Baby clams with sesame cracker. YES! Fun to eat and delectable--my family really descended on this plate. Really popular with us. However, I think it could have used more of an acidic element.~ Knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful service (our waitress was nice enough to give us another cracker on the house), but could use a little more confidence.- The spring and summer rolls were a little pricey to me, but maybe it's because I usually buy them cheaply at fast food Viet places... Pho was just over $8, rolls were closer to $3-4 for small portions and vermicelli and other dishes over $10.In summary, this place is worth a visit. Oh, and the bathrooms are super nice. ALWAYS a big +plus there. The atmosphere overall is relaxed, well-lit, spacious, with some pretty details. Keep it up Saigon Bay!
1	Been here 5 times and I can say that the food is either a hit or miss.  This time around I ordered the "Com Dac Biet", which consists of a pork chop, shredded pork skin, quiche, egg and egg roll.What I wasn't expecting was a burnt-dried quiche, a small hair presumably head hair and another ahem* hair.I will not be coming back.
