4	I ordered the Sumo Bowl which includes grilled steak and chicken. Both meats were high quality. The serving portion was huge and I could only eat half (and I fairly large myself). For a quick and relatively healthy meal you can't go wrong.
3	I'm a sucker for chicken and rice.  There are a few different "Samurai Sam's" around my side of town.  There is a "Samurai Sam's" on W Charleston and Town Center which is VERY GOOD.Then there was a "Samurai Sam's" on S Fort Apache and Russell which closed down.  This place on S Fort Apache couldn't even cook rice properly.  Now this place on Village Center seems to fall in line with the W Charleston store.We arrived one hour before the store was closing.  The store was empty, however clean.  The girl at the register was nice and the food came pretty quick.My son and I got a Large Teriyaki Chicken bowl with vegetables, brown rice and two regular drinks.  That set me back just under $18.This location has light lemonade! :)  Also, you can upgrade to brown rice for $0.39.  I usually don't need to add any extra teriyaki sauce to my meal, but I found myself having to add a little bit to finish off the brown rice.To the reviewers before me, I'm happy to report that the Siracha Suace is now out by the soda fountains.I'm willing to give this place another try.
4	Enjoy their use of brown rice, as an option, in their bowls.  Their veggies are crisp and fresh, and their chicken dishes are the very tasty.  Outdoor seating also a plus.
2	Last time I came to This location they had just opened and the experience was less than pleasant. Since the one on W. Charleston is closed this is really my only option. The rice was warm and fresh and so were the vegetables. I am pretty sure they aren't frozen as suggested by a different user. The meat is another story. Not that it's frozen so much as that it was barely Luke warm.  It's sitting in a warming table for crying out loud.  Buy one of those laser thermometers and gun the meat once in a while will you?  It was both the chicken and the steak. I wonder if the health department reads random reviews of places before they inspect.  I knew I should have gone to Sultans Grill or Capriottis!
3	I stopped by this place while I was taking a break from studying at the Summerlin library. It is pretty standard issue rice bowl and meat. I had the spicy pepper steak with brown rice. I covered it in Siracha which made it hit the level of spice I was looking for. It was decent. I was kind of surprised how expensive this place was. It was $18 for 2 people to eat. But then, I guess that's what you get in Summerlin. This location was nice though, because it is locally owned and the owners are really nice people. That said,I honestly like the Flame Broiler better.
5	We always come to this Samurai Sam's even though there's another one closer to our home. The food is always fresh and our order is always perfect. Plus, they have really good smoothies!
4	I became addicted to this place a couple months ago. I have tried a bite of what others with me have ordered but for me I can't bring myself to order anything other then the "Garlic Chicken Bowl".  I got regular size and it cost $5.99. You can get it served over brown or white rice. I really like their white rice it is cooked perfectly. The chicken has such a great flavor. You can get dark meat or for an additional charge you can get white meat. If you like garlic and you like chicken I absolutely recommend trying this one! My man had the "Spicy Steak Bowl". He got the large size and it cost $7.39. He loved it. I tried a bite and the steak was cooked just right. For $2.99 more you can get double meat. Since we got combo meals it came with a drink and "Grilled Egg Roll". The egg roll was just OK. It wasn't something I would intentionally order on the side. They recently added "Pork Pot Stickers" to the menu. These were very dry and had no flavor. I have noticed they are pretty busy around lunch time. The manager said you can always phone your order in for pick up. I'm sure I will take advantage of that at some point.I really like that they make your food right when you order it so it is fresh. The place is clean inside.Near the soda fountain they have a tray with several sauces that you can help yourself to. They cater and have multiple catering or family style dinners to choose from.
1	I Love Samurai Sams --- BUT Not this ONE !!!Went in and purchased 3 bowls -- 2 combos and was $27.00 .    I used a Groupon that saved us $6.00.  As soon as the gentlemen at the cash register saw that we wanted to use our GROUPON -- he immediately said we would have a long wait because they were busy.We waiting around 15-20 minutes to get 3 Terriyaki bowls !!!!    To top that off the bowls were half full --- hardly ANY MEAT at all --- I am assuming because we applied a Groupon to the order.  WE  should of said something when they gave us the HALF FULL Bowls but we were so hungry we did not !!!Prior to leaving -- my daughter had to use the restroom  -- FILTHY, NO TOILET PAPER, NO SEAT PROTECTORS AND NO PAPER TOWELS.   I guess this is their way of saving more SAVE MONEY!WE WILL NEVER Go to this Samurai Sams EVER EVER EVER AGAIN !!Disgusted at getting SO RIPPED OFF Tonight !!
3	I've been coming to Samurai Sam's for a while.  This location used to be a Rubio's in case you've not been in the area recently (like me).Generally, I like the food & that fact that it is wok'ed as you order it.  Sometimes, the white meat chicken is a bit dry (the chicken is precooked) .  The prices are decent.  this particular store had some items not on the regular Samurai Sam's menu, like garlic chicken & sriracha chicken.  There were others, but I ordered a chicken yaki soba & a Low Carb Special (no rice, white meat chicken).  Both items were consistent with the other times I have ordered them. The yaki soba was stir fried & pretty dry (only Teri sauce to give it flavor). It should be noted, their teriyaki sauce is very sweet. Too sweet for my tastes.  The veggies were very fresh & cooked well & the dark meat chicken was tasty & not dry at all.For those of you who want a quick Teriyaki Bowl, you might be better served at the Chinese-fast-food-place-of-the-black-and-white-bear.All told, though, YMMV.
3	I finally got around to trying this place thanks to Groupon. I ordered the combo chicken and beef bowl with brown rice.  It was your basic Teriyaki bowl but it was good and there was a fair portion of protein to rice ratio.  Service was friendly and it's close to my house and gym so I'll probably go back.
