5	As a student living alone, I get take-aways regularly. Then I get annoyed because my bum isn't getting any smaller. Probably something to do with the take-aways that I don't stop eating until a)It's finished and b) i feel sick.But Noor seem to have the solution! Their portions are quite small - perfect for one person! When I first got food from here (Chicken Korma, really creamy and delicious) I was kind of disappointed by what seemed like little amount of food I was given, but turns out it was perfect!!They have a really extensive menu, it all looks delicious. I'm a spice pussy though, so I don't tend to go for the spice, but I'm told it's really good too!They deliver too, which is great. They are even part of just-eat.co.uk so you don't even have to pick up the phone, order online!I really like Noor!
4	The food at Noor is pretty great - and as already explained by Emily T. the portions are perfect for if you want a guilt free pig out of delicious indian food in a one person banquet.Anyway, the food here is great - if a little over priced in my opinion, especially in comparison to other indian take aways in the area. Dont write it off yet though - while other places are cheaper, they lack the authenticity and generaly very hight quality food that Noor offers. Choose wisely.
5	Noor is totally deserving of my first 5 star review, and you'll now see why.Whenever I want an Indian takeaway, there is only one word on my lips - Noor.  For the past few years, it has stood out for me as a purveyor of some of Edinburgh's finest takeaway food.  I totally agree with what Jonathan said: there are cheaper places, but they don't quite measure up.All of the food I have ordered from Noor has been top notch.  I tend to go for the less spicy end of the spectrum, so stick with kormas and bhunas, occasionally stepping up to a tikka masala or rogan josh.  All of the food has been tasty and flavoursome, something which can be lacking in some takeaways.The menu has a good variety, and the online ordering service means that you don't even have to leave the comfort of your sofa.  Delivery has always been on time, and the food has been piping hot.It's so difficult to communicate the warm feeling that Noor gives in my stomach (before eating!).  Even the mention of a Noor curry starts the saliva production.  I command everyone to enjoy the awesomeness that is Noor!
5	Noor is definitely up there as one of my favourite takeaways. They serve really traditional and authentic Indian dishes which are of excellent quality.Noor's menu has a vast selection of fine Indian food which are very well priced at around six pounds for a main meal and you can see the chef's preparing your meal in the back. I love their Chicken Tikka Buhna which is full of flavour and spices.  They also have met menu's available which include starters, a main and rice for just under seven pounds per person. They also have a wide variety of vegetarian meals which are priced at under five pounds for a main course. Noor offer a home delivery service which I have always found to be extremely efficient and you can order either on-line, by phone, text or by popping into the shop itself. The food is cooked fresh on the premises and it only takes about 10 minutes after ordering for your food to be ready. They are open until midnight seven days a week so it is great place to stop buy for decent meal on your way back from a night out.
5	Me and my mate ordered from Noor takeaway last Firday, I was advised from a couple of friends that it was a great place to go to and the reviews on here looked great too so I though that I would go for it. We ordered online, where we were able to choose the time for which we wanted it to be delivered and they were on time which was a good start.I ordered a chicken ceylon, which I had never had before and tasted a spicy korma, the only criticism of it that I could find was that there wasn't enough chicken although it was lovely and tender.The portions that you get are great and me and my friend couldn't finish it all so we put what we couldn't finish into the fridge and ate it the next day. We also ordered papadums and naans, and both were delicious, this is definitely one of the best curry restaurants in Edinburgh and the prices are pretty reasonable too!
5	Just discovered this place, extraordinarily good food and very friendly staff.Even though it is a Take away, we sat at one of the tables and enjoyed our curries.Highly recommend
4	I really like it here - very cheap, the best meal deals, and certainly the best pakora in Edinburgh. The staff are extremely friendly and the curries are delicious.
5	Though named Takeaway, there are three tables inside to eat at as well.  We tried the set meal for two and were very happy with the choices - all of the items were very tasty and fresh.  The only "complaint" we could have is that it was simply way too much food!  Very friendly staff and great food!
5	My new favorite takeaway.  We've lived on the the southside of Edinburgh for nearly two years and somehow had overlooked Noor.  Our loss!Noor provides an outstanding product, with good customer service, at very reasonable prices.Saag paneer is my very fave curry, so that's how I judge most Indian places.  Their's is superb -- just spicy enough and the spinach not pureed.   Great pakora and naan.  The chicken korma is very mild.  Working our way through  the menu.On the last visit I had placed a large order that was not ready when I arrived to collect it.  A tech glitch had prevented the order from being uploaded and I had to wait about 20-30 minutes.  Without asking, 20% was deducted from the total and a 2 litre of coke added.  Very thoughtful.
5	I love Noor! The chicken Shajani is the best curry I have ever had and I used to go in there at least once per week. Unfortunately, I am no longer in Edinburgh so I can not get my Noor fix. I have been searching for something even half as good as their Shajani but I've not been successful in my search so far. I kind of wish I had never found this place but I guess it's better to have loved and lost than to have never loved, or something like that...The portion sizes are good, the staff are friendly and the food is really tasty!
4	Noor is a quality takeaway with a small eating area (3 tables) and a kitchen you can see while waiting for your food. The curries are fresh, the nan light and the pakoras and samosas are crisp and delicious, basically exactly what you want in Indian food.The staff are friendly and happy to serve the food at the tables, if you want to sit in and the food itself is great, so if you are in the area give it a try.
5	This is now my favourite take away and has overtaken the mighty kasbah for me. I left this a while before reviewing as I often ended up in here on the wrong side of a night out and everything is great when you are half cut. Food goggles I guess ha :D .... Anyway fast forward a few months and I have popped in here a half dozen times or so and the food is consistently amazing. The staff are really fiendly and the delivery service is quick. The restaurants decor is functional and the seating area is quite comfy with some leather sofas or an area to sit in and dine. Often while waiting we recieve complimentary poppadoms and pickles while we wait. There are a few stand out curries on the menu for me from what I have tried - Sabzi Chilli Dal, Hurri Mirchi Vegetables and the Vegetable Persian were great and get reordered each time we go. The veg pakoras are worth a mention in that they are great quality and there are loads of them, also served in a brown paper bag (first time i had pakora it was presented this way so in my head its how they should be served). Lastly try the Roti Boti, tandoori chicken wrapped in roti bread. These are amazing!
5	Noor is in my opinion, the best Indian take away EVER! I was a regular here when I was in Edinburgh - first for the good price but they I realised how delicious the food was!  I always recommend it to friends travelling through as well! The portions and amount of condiments are generous and the ceylon curry is my absolute favourite. I eat here every time I'm back in Edinburgh and always find it just as amazing as before!
5	I don't often give 5 stars, however Noor has earned them. This is my go to takeaway when it comes to curry, the only better curry is from Kismot (which is a restaurant) IMO. Not only is it great curry, it is great value as the portions, particularly with the set meal, are large. I have worked my way through half the menu and am yet to find a curry which isn't fresh and tasty...I have even bought the set meal for two occasionally, so I can eat curry for two days as the food easily tastes as good re-heated the next day. The chicken madras, vindaloo or hurri mirchi are my favourites however this is one of the few places I have enjoyed the milder creamier curries from.In short if you fancy an Indian takeaway then Noor is highly recommended.
4	The food was tasty and good. We had the lamb rogan josh (highly recommended) and the chicken Madras with ginger naan (the only place I've found making this variety of naan) with onion bhaji, papadom and pilau rice. Service was fast, portions were big (the meal was meant for two but we were so full after a while that we kept the rest for breakfast the next day). If you're craving good Indian food where portions are generous and prices are okay, this is the place to go.
