3	My experience here always differs every time.  I guess it depends on the cook, but sometimes the chicken wings are just cooked well with a nice crisp to it, or they're just undercooked and soggy.  The appetizers haven't disappointed me.  Onions rings are always cooked to a golden brown, fried mushrooms are great, the sampler always does well, and I can go on with the appetizers, but those are usually just good.The service can be hit or miss also.  Sometimes I might get a waiter that will never come by for service.  You're just annoyingly waiting for him just for a cup of water.  The other times, like last time, they'll be great to you.  Bringing yourself a pitcher of water without asking, trying their best to get an order right (There was a confusing moment for him when my friends tried to order something specific to go.) which I thought was admirable, and he gave us little things like ranch without any charge.   I guess I've had more times where I enjoyed it than not, but you happen to go on wrong day, it can just be really bad.
2	The wings were okay but certainly not good enough for a place with the name of the food in the name of the restaurant. The service the 2 times I've been here is friendly but super super S L O W.I like the atmosphere... TV's everywhere... very family friendly... but I don't like the smell in the restaurant/ bar and I don't care for the S L O W service.
4	I came here in November 2006 for some buffalo wings.  Add that to an intense Ohio State v. Michigan football game and excitement comes to your senses.  A couple of friends and I decided to order 100 buffalo wings with carribean jerk and parmesan garlic sauces, respectively.  Just amazing!  Hooters doesn't even compare!  Eating good food with lots of rowdy football fans was fun too.  Ever since, we've been coming back for the wings.  When you do order the wings though, make sure you don't get the boneless ones.  It just doesn't feel right.  Don't get me wrong, they taste excellent, but boneless wings are not the real deal.  Just to leave you with that thought...
5	New fun spot for karaoke on Sundays and Tuesdays (they start at 11PM). The words are up on the big screens all around (making it fun for all to sing along) and the drinks are pretty cheap, too ($2 drafts and shots). For anyone who really likes to sing multiple times in a night, this is the spot (I put on a mini concert and everyone was very cool!).
2	I used to hang out at the bar.  It has changed over the years.  I think they are trying to save money by cutting back on staff.  Last 2 times there have made me decide to not go back.  The food is ok, but the service has been sooooo slow it is not worth it.  Sorry guys have to let BW3 go.
4	I really like the new "dry" seasoning.
4	Haven't been in in a long time, but BW3 still has it going on.  Only issue was a guy smoking at the bar.  Wings were great as usual and bartender (Jose?  Juan?) was friendly and taking care of everyone - bar and tables alike.  Also happy with beer selections, just wish they'd get Longboard Lager back again (though that was years ago!)
2	Great food horrible service . Make sure you have a lot of time when going in
2	I've been coming to this location for several years. I used to come almost once a week after work, when the late night specials were great. Now I remember why I don't come anymore. The late night food specials suck compared to what they used to be here and suck compared to any other late night dining option. Service is hit or miss.
5	bww rocks!
2	If I were rating BWW of wings alone it would get four stars.  Although they are a little small, the wings are nicely prepared and I really love the number of sauce options available.  You can go with a group of people and they have a flavor for everyone.  The seasoned potato wedges are delicious as well and a prefect side for the wings.  Obviously this review is not a four star...but why?  Let me preface the following by saying that I am mainly a late night customer.  I work until midnight and used to love stopping by after work for a dozen or so wings and a cold beer.  The problem is that in a city that has late night everything, they are failing to compete.  At my regular location there is a new bartender every time I go in there which makes it impossible to develop a relationship with someone.  All this leads to is being ignored by the new guy every time I go in.  Another problem is that the late night specials have all but vanashed.  The PT's 200 yards down the street has 50% off all drinks and apps, but BWW has a few discounted apps and only one domestic draught beer special.  Maybe I'm being too particular, but when I truly want to come in once a week for some food and drink and I am usually the only person there, maybe it's time to re-examine your pricing.  Bottom line, offer some late night specials and I will forget that the new guy hasn't looked at me in 40 minutes.
2	In high school, I used to come here at least once a week with my friends after school. Not only was the food amazing but the service was spot on. However, I've been in here three times recently with a friend, and the service was incredibly slow. There were only two of us and it wasn't busy, so there is no reason why we should have had to wait 20 minutes for our food and several minutes for someone to take our drink order. The wings are good, but not good enough to make up for the fact that their service is horrible. If you have a hankerin' for BWW, the Las Vegas Boulevard location is worth the little extra drive as you will not spend several minutes waiting just to get a refill on your drink like you would here.
1	I just can't take it anymore... I was dragged into a BWW for the last time.  I hereby refuse to step into a BWW.  I don't care if all of my friends are there to hang out... I am not going.I typically avoid chain restuarants if at all possible, and this is no exception.  I will not be fooled into believing that this a good place to go.  I am NOT a common dullard that can be lulled in because of some clever commercials... you wings suck!They do have huge TV's everywhere and the service is okay... but so what!Reasons for not liking this place;1.  There wings suck!  Tiny little chicken wings.  They get tough with out being crispy.  Then they are drenched in some super sweet sauce of what ever... For $9 you get 12 tiny little wings served in a paper dish.2.  The chicken tenders are terrible.  They taste like something you would get at a skating rink or some terrible concession stand.  They were not "tenders" as billed on the menu.  These were pieces of chicken all wadded up and super heavily breaded.  The blue cheese dressing had no blue cheese.  Ask me how I know there was no blue cheese...  "Jason how do you know there was NO blue cheese in the dressing?"  Well, becuase blue cheese is blue and it should be visible in a white sauce...3.  Afterpaying $19 for tenders and wings there were 3 small paper containers of food on the table.  I want something more substantial for $19.  A measly offering of low quality chicken products served in cheap paper boats is just bad...  Again - I will not be fooled!4.  I paid $5.75 for a regular size Blue Moon.  Maybe my exwife is right, maybe I am cheap!  But $5.75 for a regular size beer???  I am still pissed off - I hate this place.  If I went there to watch football on a Sunday it would cost me $80!!!  Small wings drenched in super sweet tasteless sauce - nearly $6 for a glass of beer... uuuhhhh... I vow never to return.
5	I have been coming here for close to two years now and have never had a problem. I usually go Tuesdays for the traditional wing specials because boneless wings don't have a soul.Great bartenders and servers on swing shift and a great place to catch a game. The bartenders are more than willing to accommodate the crowd on what gets shown on the screens, and don't mind when I start frothing at the mouth every time a Laker player turns the ball over.The food is excellent, I always order a dozen hot and a basket of wedges (the wedges are some of the best I've tried anywhere). I can't testify to their other flavors because I'm a wing-purist and believes they should only be eaten hot.
4	What can I say, I am a big fan of BWW. Especially on Tuesday's where they have the wing specials and happy hour in the bar area during the evening. The staff has always been friendly and food consistent.
3	Food is good for what it is. Fun atmosphere to relax as a family. Most of the waitresses are really good..especially Taryn....BUT....heard a male server(PAUL) from the bar area totally blow off some customers who said excuse me to him as he passed by.  He actually told the people they needed to wait for their waitress and he kept right on walking. The arrogance and lack of customer service is mind blowing. Luckily Paul appears to work behind the bar which is safe for those of us wanting to avoid him.
3	This is a great place to relax with friends and watch your game. The atmosphere was clean and fun for the most part. The staff is young and always friendly lol. Just a laid back place to hang out.
3	Chain food, nothing special, just consistent. If you have a craving for regular or boneless wings this fills the need. This location can be quieter than a country church on a Tuesday if you go inside around lunch during the week. Weekends can be a zoo. I almost always order carryout. If Makayla's working the carryout window she'll make sure your order is right and she has no problem with getting you additional containers of sauces to try. All you have to do is ask so you can experiment. (That's how I discovered Caribbean Jerk sauce which I bought the bottle of and use on a lot of other things).I don't recommend their kids menu. I usually place my order with enough time to run into Vons and buy their deli Mac & Cheese or other things as my 2 year old doesn't seem to like their food. If you order carryout and Makayla's not working (and trust me you'll know Makayla when you see her), double check your order as more often than not they've messed it up or forget something.(Edit: Based on my most recent visit on 3/31/12 at 8:45 pm. Yelp's check in feature isn't showing up on the review for some reason.)
1	A friend asked me to meet him at Buffalo Wild Wings for a beer and some wings.  I can honestly say that there was not one positive part of my experience.  The service was terrible - I'm pretty sure our waitress had been drinking.  She was inattentive and slow.  The wings came out and were average at best.  The celery & carrots had a brown slimy coating, so I returned them & a food runner brought back a new basket of celery & carrots with the same slime on them.  GROSS!  My friend bit into his chicken finger, and found a small metal screw in his food.  We called a manager to the table, who was mildly apologetic but only took the chicken fingers off the tab.  Our friend was served food with a foreign object in it - That could have been extremely dangerous...You would think maybe a beer or 2 would also have been on the house....but NO.  Instead, the manager told us how much he didn't like his job and how he was looking to get back into bartending for his career (as if we cared!)I hate to sound harsh, but this restaurant is trashy and a waste of space.  If you want amazing wings, head over to Johnny Macs in Henderson.
5	four stars cos the beer is pricey BUT FIVE STARS COS THE BEER IS SO DELICOUS!
3	Okay, they redesigned the eating area which reflects other BWW.  So far the new arrangement is easier to get around and the staff is better at cleaning up the area.  That statement comes from not understanding how families can bring in their kids to let them make a mess of the table and floor without picking up the mess their kids made.  Don't bring your kids unless they can behave.  Drinks can be a little slow at getting to your table and not sure why.  Does the staff wait too many tables at one time?  We love the jamming jalapeno and parmesan garlic sauce on the boneless wings.  Good place to go late at night when you need a good meal.
1	We have been to this place a couple times and every single time they are SO slow!! There's always a wait even with lots of open tables and the servers are nice but cover too many tables & the hostess also busses all the tables! The food is ok- up to 30 min for it to come out & kinda overpriced for mediocre bar food- $35 for 2 adults & a child without any alcohol- I even had water! This could be a fun place to hang out - instead it's just a letdown every time. The manager needs to get a clue how to run the place- hire more people or learn to be more efficient! Another customer lost....disappointing at best.
4	Late review-I came here last tuesday for dinner..49 cent wings today.Looking over the menu I know that I usually get asian zing,and mild but I wanted to try something diffrent today.So I decided to get hot garlic wings,mild wings,basket of buffalo chips, onion rings,and ofcourse ranch dressing. Also I asked for a sample of wild,and blazzenOnion rings-beer batteerd good but normalMild-spicy but not to hot just nice :)Hot garlic-I could put this on just about anything thats how good this shit is,spicy and garlicy its frecen amazing! The manager also came out and asked if our food was good.I told her how much I liked the garlic sause and she agreed saying she loved it so much :)I'm not sure why everyone over all complains about this location I think its always been good.
2	I don't understand why people love this place. I think its seriously overrated. At least for food. Sure, the atmosphere for games/UFC is awesome and they do have an extensive bar. But just to dine I'd say is pretty mediocre. The wings are small, but I will say the sauces are pretty good. I had the Chili Garlic, Garlic Parm and the Wild. All we're actually good. Everything else was just ok. All of the appetizers seem like they just take them out of the frozen food bag and drop them into the fryer. Nothing stood out, it tastes like fast food. Service is good. But next time I'll just goto PT's or Village Pub.
1	It has been almost 2 years since I gave up on this BW3 location.  It is right down the street from my house. Went on a Sunday the service in the front was good food cooked perfect. This was enough to get me to invite a bunch (5) friends out on Friday to play trivia drink and eat.  Oh well, same as before.  No service at tables in the bar.  We had to beg for drinks. I was amazed that on a Friday night the only table with guest was ours.  Soon it was apparent, since no one serviced the tables why the hell would anyone ever spend any time here. We got to watch the bar tender give a massage to a young girl while we waited for him to forget that we ordered a round.  Bye bye BW3.  On the way home noticed the bar across the street was packed. Guess the owner of this location just does not care.
1	Last time I was here (almost 2 years ago). The service sucked tried again. Now I remember why I stopped coming here. No service at the bar.  Why would you have seating around the bar an not have anyone service them.  I will never go back again.  last chance!
1	I'll make it short, service sucks at this location. Go to the one on Eastern or Sunset.
5	I've been eating at Buffalo Wild Wings for several years (even worked at one for 3 years), and Jessica is one of the best servers.  She is always extremely friendly, and remembers us when we come back.  Even though we usually only come in for the UFC fights.  No matter how busy the restaurant gets, she always takes good care of us.  Last time we went in she was bartending, and her service was still incredible.
5	I can't believe of all the years I lived near here I never stepped foot into it - glad we did.  We were looking for somewhere to eat and we just couldn't come up with any ideas and I thought lets try it out.  We walk in and I fell in love with the restaurant which is like a big sports bar with TVs everywhere.  We were seated in a booth and asked if we wanted to play the trivia game they have going on, so we each were giving a little device that was connected to a computer that kept track of everyone playing.  We had so much fun playing including my 6 year old daughter.  Fun entertainment.  Service was excellent.  Our waiter was very personable and knew the menu.  I went for the salad with chicken and watermelon which was very good.  My daughter had the macaroni cheese from the kid's menu and loved it and my husband had some big burger with onion rings (can't think of the name) and loved it as well.  Our waiter stopped by several times to fill our cups.  What I really liked was the menus which included for every item how many calories they had which is perfect for those like me who are dieting.  We will come back again.  My daughter loved it so much (mostly the game) and asked if we can go there every night for dinner - too cute.  We will be back.
2	Pros: Relatively Easy access. Open 24x7. Close by to a Chinese Place and Subway if someone in your group doesn't want BWW but wants take-out. Cons: Service. If Makayla is working for carryout you get what you ordered. If not, all bets are off and service can be surly and most often sucks. I prefer to get carryout from here because the recent "remodel" didn't make the place much better. The TV's still suck, the service is usually bad, and the food quality can be hit or miss too. In short when someone asks me to go here I whine and groan. Surely out of all the places in Vegas to get food from they could find something else besides this? 2 Stars is all I can give and that's being generous.
4	Husband surprised us for dinner here at Buffalo Wild Wings.  My daughter likes it because of the trivia game and actually kicks our butt just by guessing.  I got the build your own which I chose chicken with tomatoes and put mustard on it - Yummy.  My husband chose a burger with some type of rub and ranch dressing.  My husband said he wished the burgers were a little bigger so next time we will get an appetizer.  My daughter got the cheeseburger from the children's menu and ate the whole thing.  Our server was training someone but still offered really good service to us.  She even made it to where the trivia game would show up on a TV near us.  I am thinking about having my husband's birthday here since we are big sports fans.  Not disappointed again!  Great job!
5	This has become one of my favorite hangouts for lunch during work. What I really like about it is that it's not really packed for a B-Dubs, so you get just the right balance of noise and energy on your lunch break.The staff is always nice and attentive and the food is always good. Eaten here dozens of times and my black bean burger and fries always come to me just right. Love that! And they serve Coke Zero. Woo Hoo!!I recommend this place to anyone in the area that wants the true B-Dubs experience during your lunch break from work without the evening hoopla. Now I love the B-Dubs hoopla, especially during football season. Would love to see what this location is like on a football Sunday, but I live clear across town, so doubt that will be happening anytime soon. Great location. Eat here. Have fun!
2	This BWW is easily the worst in town.  Went for Thursday night football and the bar was packed. Good atmosphere is great... 2 inexperienced waitresses = AWFUL. The service was terrible, the computers have gone down the last two times I've come here and it literally takes 2 hours for them to hand write your check.  You want forks? Ranch? Another beer? Expect to get up and ask one of the 16 yr old staff members.  Lets face it... If you want good bar food for far less money, go to Timbers.
4	Went to Buffalo Wild Wings because of our crave for chicken wings. I ended up getting the nacho burger which had a spicy taste to it and a significant amount of fries included. Had a good time and was very tasty. Expect lots of people on the weekends.
3	Came here with friends on a Saturday at lunchtime.  I'm embarrassed to say that I've never tried chicken wings (gasp!) and, to that end, have never been to a BWW.  The place was not crowded but there were certainly people here at that time of day.  We chose seats at the bar and the bartender came to take our drink orders immediately.  So since wings aren't exactly my thing I didn't find the menu overly enticing.  But as a wing virgin I was determined to try something.  I ordered 8 boneless wings (OK, so I know this isn't exactly trying wings but I wanted to "ease" into wing sauce).  I got 4 medium and 4 teriyaki.  What I determined was that I can't stand regular wing sauce.  It's just not my thing.  It had a nice "kick" to it, which is what I was going for with the medium; I just didn't like the sauce itself.  The boneless wings were OK.  Not too chewy; pretty good as far as white meat chicken goes.  And I actually like the teriyaki sauce.  This is by no means an authentic Japanese type teriyaki sauce but it was sweet and it settled my craving for it.  At least I liked something, lol.  Lots of big screen tv's at the bar and around the place to watch sports if that's why you're coming here.  Attentive service at the bar.  Slot machines for your gaming enjoyment.  I'd come back if this is where my friends wanted to go, especially since it's so close.  But I probably wouldn't be the one suggesting it since it's just not my kind of food.
4	My favorite part of all BWW is the # of sauces to choose from.  Most recently I tried Hot BBQ for the first time and I really likes it.  Spicy Garlis is still my fav, as well as the really hot ones like Blazin and WILD.  You should order the wings "WET" or order a side of sauce becuase they often do not have enough sauce mixed onto the wings.   Good place to eat, and HEY Cold Stone is right next door, so you get your HEAT with wings and COLD with some Ice Cream afterwards.
2	This place is forgettable, and I am actually confused by it.A friend of mine is visiting from Bakersfield, and they had decided on going to BWW. I hadn't been to one in years, so I was neither thrilled, or scared.  We walk in, and they are almost empty. The hostess looks like she is bored out of her mind. Barely smiled, and didn't seem amused by my friend's boyfriend saying 3 and a quarter when she asked "how many?". We asked for a booth and a high chair.The tables in the booths are moveable, and in my opinion, whoever cleaned it off should have re-adjusted the table. Trying to maneuver the table with my daughter in my arms, my friend with her purse and my diaper bag, and the boyfriend trying to get us out of the way to fix it was a task. The hostess offered no help and just stood over us with menus. She dropped them off and scurried away.Our waiter got our drinks neither quickly, or slowly. He was nice, but not a superstar. We had a round of waters (Vegas Summer) and the BF had a beer. We ordered "nachos" and they were out in record time. Tortilla chips that looked like they were dumped from a bag, thrown on with some lame looking shredded lettuce, cold taco meat, liquid cheese, olives and jalapenos and tomatoes. I do not recommend.We had boneless and classic wings. Desert heat, Caribbean Jerk, and Mango Habernero (SP?) for the table. Flavorful, but we all b!tched out on the MH. The restaurant was like an ice box. All of our hands were cold, and when we walked out, we welcomed the heat.... for a place that claims to be a sports bar, they have TV's going with just about anything that you can imagine... However, I do not see myself going there during football season, while an Enrique Iglesais (SP?) love song plays. Meh.I don't understand the "hype" of this place. Medicore food, ok service, and a schizophrenic sound track. 2 stars, meh. I've experienced better.;
5	Love it!! Go once a week atleast! I know that's a problem but I'm addicted. BDubs rocks.
5	This is my favorite BWW to go to. Mike & Jessica are awesome. I love sitting by the bar during happy hour (great deals) & delicious food. They're boneless teriyaki wings are so good omg, to die for!!!
5	Very good service with Melissa  our waitress, even the manager was walking around chitchatting with customers. Our food was good and fresh tasting.
1	Dear god this place is awful. I don't know why I've been there more than once. The service is always terrible, the restraunt is dirty, the wings are fatty and have a terrible taste. Any burger I've gotten I always send back. I haven't been back to this BWW or any others for that matter
1	Why do I have to wait 5 - 10 minutes for a booth when there are 5 empty ones? The managment here sucks. Your hostesses dont know wtf they are doing. Then you sit me at a dirty table!
1	Seriously one of my least fav places to eat and it's so close to my so that stinks. Went today for lunch with my parents and kids. Food took very long to get so you'd think it would be hot and fresh.... Not a chance. The wings were squishy and slimy and my burger was cold and bun was hard on the top. Yuck I vow to never return, it's always been junk and it never gets better.. I will say this though the waitress was slow but friendly.
2	Two stars is being pretty generous here. If it weren't for my son being obsessed with buffalo wings I'd never step foot in this place. I shiver when he asks to go but he's 8. He ate dirt once as a toddler. It's a slow progression on his palate apparently. Gotta give in sometime. The service is usually slow. There always seems to be one server for every table and 12 more standing around. I've decided to bring in my own bottle of soda next time do I won't die of thirst waiting for refills. For how much they over charge for crap in a paper boat I'd expect them to at least cook the food. I'm pretty positive the appetizer platters are pre assembled, frozen and popped in the microwave when ordered. I've decided that the only safe thing to order is a side salad. Otherwise be prepared to be nauseous within 2 hrs. I just don't understand why people love this place and how they stay in business.
4	Great staff good food but the manager. Shawna has no sense of customer service at all!!!!!
3	I was going to.give you guys a 4 Star but the waitress came to bring our order and dropped all of my.boyfriends order of sliders and fries on floor. Not a big deal but a disaster middle of the.walk way.
4	Three stars on the food, 5 on the service. The cook went an extra step to make my husband a burger that they used to make a few months ago, thank you!But still the food wasn't that great.
2	I've sat in the restaurant once and in the bar area a few times. First off, all the sports on all the walls: AWESOME!!!!!! You can come in and watch a few games at the same time and just enjoy a couple hours of entertainment. That entertainment does come with a price, though. The food is meh. I really can't describe it. It's there. It's edible. That's about it. It is fun to try the varity of wing sauces, though. Some of them can get pretty pontent! The service is meh+. We were kinda rushed out the day we were in the dining room, and I've had to wait waaaaaay to long for a beer, hell even to get acknowledged at the bar. The prices hurt a little bit, but I guess they do have to pay for their sports packages and you don't have to. The fact that you can buy bottles of their sauces is a huge plus. Their bold anti-2A stand point is very off putting, but a lot of patrons go to drink and drinking and carrying is a big no-no. That should be something that the state regulates, though and BWW shouldn't police the innocent. This place is walking distance from the house (albeit a long one, up a hill), which is a huge saving grace for them.
3	Food is just like any other BWW- pricey but good for snacking. Not much on the menu that's healthy. I like to play NTN trivia, but the controllers here are always broken.
3	I had a lovely weekend with some long lost friends, full of libations, food and good times. On the last day of the weekend, we decided to finish the weekend off by heading to BWW. It's usually a place that offers a little bit of everything for everyone.  This location is situated in the middle of the largest shopping center of this specific intersection. Not much around the area, however, Horizon's intersection is filled with grocery stores, gas stations, bars and restaurants. For Buffalo Wild Wings, if you've been to a location, you have literally seen them all! The look is exactly the same.  You walk in, you see a hostess stand and a restaurant area for dining and families.  Behind that is the bar area, both areas filled with large screen TV's for every game going on at anytime. This is definitely your quintessential sports restaurant and bar. On this visit, we decided to sit in the dining area. Our server was Phillip and I thought he did an excellent job! He was nice and very efficient.  We asked him for a few requests during our visit and he was nice enough to get us what we needed an in record time. For dinner, I decided to "Build my own burger" starting at $8.99. For my burger, nothing special, I started with the beefy burger, added tomatoes, lettuces, red onions and pepper jack cheese. This meal was served with fries. I was confused to find out that they do not ask what temperature you want your burger at. When the burger came, I realized it's because the burger is not a fresh patty, just a pre-frozen burger. Not a big deal, but I'm sure glad I ordered the pepper jack cheese as the bun and burger had little to no flavor. Keep in mind that you will probably have to ask for condiments like ketchup or mayo to add to this burger. The patty was a think patty, lettuce was shredded iceberg and the fries were natural cut and became the star of my dinner. Very, crispy and tasty!Overall, I wasn't completely impressed by my meal, however, I spent less than $10 for this dinner, so no complaints. Ending the wonderful weekend with this meal was not the best but I'm not opposed coming back at all.  BWW is a place that will always have a place in my heart!
2	Came here for a late dinner snack (around 10pm).I was not impressed. I've been to many BWW and have experience great service. I have no idea if it was because it was late and they were tired or they just didn't care...My date and I walked in and there was no one around to greet us. We didn't want to seat ourselves so waited a good few minutes before someone popped his head up to greet us. He was sitting in a booth... watching the game on the giant screen. Um, what the heck? That really irritated me. We put in our orders, got the food and started eating. Then, they started vacuuming! It wasn't super loud or super close to our booth but I was annoyed. Totally ruined the whole experience.I most likely will only go back to this BWW if I am in the area.
2	Never going to this location again!! I went there around 11pm and ordered wings togo. I went home and liked at the wings and there was barely any sauce and luckily I asked for extra sauce. So I called and talk to the manager and she asked if I want to drive back which I don't because just waste of gas, but she acted like she really didn't care and she didn't even apologize or asked if I want a discount next time or anything.
2	My husband & i used to love going to this location! It was so close to our home & usually service past the host stand is great! I have been a successful server at a fast paced strip restaurant for a while & also a lead host so I understand fully that a busy packed Friday night can be quiet frustrating... There are usually the same two blonde hosts every visit and every time it's the same thing. They always seem to make you feel like you have bothered them! The first time we came in I was roughly 7+ months pregnant and asked for a booth and were told there was none available and were seated at a table in the middle of the insanely crowded floor then right after a couple was seated at a booth right in front. I am very big on forgiving people in the industry as we all get overwhelmed and mess up.  Usually we get a server named Phillip which is outstanding & on the ball at all times! Even whole training a new server he never failed to make sure we had everything we needed!! After a few more dinners with a few more annoyed eye rolls from the hosts I finally hit my last straw... I had my best friend in town who has had a few bad experiences with bww back home in Cali I promised we would love the service received at this location. So yet again the hosts never let me down. This time one of the blonde was off, we came in and asked for a booth for 4+ a car seat. After waiting 5 minutes the other host (off shift) comes in with a friend (2 PEOPLE) were immediately seated at a booth. While the manager was standing at the front I quietly laughed and said wow they came in way after us! The 2 hosts like deers in headlights quickly & frantically corrected and said that we were there before. The manager even seeing that our name was first on the list made the off shift host get up and give us the table. We thanked him. The host & our server processed to chat leaning unprofessionally on the front counter while our bar drinks sat waiting until I finally got our attention... Thank goodness for the manager that brought out our food or we might have never received that either... I would love to go back to this location but I'm not sure if I ever will... I would give 1 star but because of our usual server Phillip I will give it 2
5	I always have a great experience here. I usually come in between classes at csn. The staff is always nice and friendly they keep the drinks comin and if the food comes out lookin like it has been sitting out for 3 days they take it back and no questions asked! The food is the standard BWW food but the service is what makes this location great.
2	Good is always good and service when eating in is always pretty good as well. Had take out twice recently and both times the service has been horrible.
3	Ordered 20 wings, with sauce on the side, on wing special Tuesday (I think each wing is .60c) and a large order of fries. Picked up my order and the to go person asked how many sauces I wanted on the side, I said we usually get 3. Seems about the right amount for 20 wings, right? Nope! They give you 1 side of sauce and charge you for any additional. New policy apparently? I told the to go person there was no way 1 side of sauce would cover 20 wings. The manager comped the 2 additional sides this time. We eat here all the time and order to go all the time, never been charged extra?!? Oh well, my husband made some wings & fries at home and my family thought they were better than BWW. Looks like they lost some regular customers. I do love their spicy garlic sauce though!
3	Okay experience but they should really have a manager on duty at night. Tried to use my 5 dollars off coupon for doing the survey and They were unable to give it because he doesn't have a manager. Well the only time I go is graveyard. So bww get a manager or give graveyard authority to take the coupon off!!! Other than that food is good and service is ok.
5	Not sure why this place gets such bad  reviews. We had great service and excellent food. All the servers check in on you regularly, even if it's not their table.
4	I really like coming here for all the TV's and the great wings! Mango Habanero is my favorite.  Spicy but I love it. My husband and I always sit at the bar and Jessica and Taryn are the best bar tenders. I'm giving it 4 starts due to the fact that they took away my pear cider beer and my husbands Killian' beer. Hopefully they bring both back soon. Other than that, we love the atmosphere and the food for sure.
4	I have had there wings and they r so good but it has been awhile. I like making my own but since we r going out to lake las Vegas we thought we would take wings. YummyTaking them to go we got 2 different flavors can't wait to try them I picked the mango and my husband picked the other flavor not sure what. A surprise. This place looks busy from the outside but there are plenty of places to eat over here so I am not sure what it looks like inside. Great parking and plenty of it. Easy in and out. Call in ur order a day be4 or ahead of time and they will have it ready for u when u request it. Looks like they have a special on boneless. Boneless Thursday.Don't forget to get ur sides also, veggies yummy
5	Love it here!!! Mmmmm new menu items and new sauces! Servers are great! New "captains" are so helpful and informative. Love that every TV is on a different game. My requests were met fast and my food was hot.
