4	My friend flew into town last night around 10pm and as is our custom, we usually go to a show while he's here.  This was about all that was available, which isn't to say that we settled (we could've easily stayed home and not done anything), but you don't have a lot of choices at a midnight showtime.From Flamingo's website: ""X Burlesque" combines imaginative choreography with outrageous props such as bungees, bathtubs and beds to excite the crowd and leave them anxiously wondering what's next.  From slow, sensual, ballet-inspired routines to funky and energetic acrobatic numbers, the 90-minute production will have hearts racing. The variety of styles allows each dancer to showcase her own distinctive talents in a truly unforgettable way. Music by some of the hottest artists in rock, pop and hip-hop sets the stage for scene after scene of erotic imagery, while seductive titles for each number emulate the style of traditional burlesque shows. In "Pharoah Fawcet," the girls perform a steamy belly dance to the Pussycat Dolls' dance hit "Buttons," while 1960s-reminiscent "Sharon Delove" set to the The Raconteurs' "My Baby's on the Level," features a gorgeous girl in nothing but go-go boots and body paint."While not everything in this synopsis was present at the show, it does sum up exactly what happens.  Like another reviewer said, the most sensual act was the bathtub scene...the most interesting was the bungee cord demonstration.  The music of this show was excellent and worked in almost every act (I especially enjoyed "When You Got It, Flaunt It" from The Producers.I can see why people walk out, it may not be their cup of tea.  It is definetly not a topless review, it is much more stylized (like Fashionistas, another show I reviewed) with excellent choreography.In the middle of the show, a comedian came out that we were pleasantly surprised to see was Vinnie Favorito from next door at Oshea's.  It was a little jarring to go from women dancing to comedy, but he was funny enough to ease the transition.  He was called in for this show, usually there is someone else performing.  It was a nice surprise.  Before the show you will also see a performance from magician Seth Grabel (www.sethgrabel.com).  He has more of a street performance style and attitude that fit in very well for the tone of the show.  I have seen him perform on stage at the LA Comedy Club at Palace Station and it's nice to see him getting work elsewhere.Note that we got free tickets to this show, which always makes the show a little better.  You could've spent $45-65 at a strip club and probably have gotten the same type of show, but there are many other costs involved with that which I will not go into now.  I enjoyed X Burlesque and it looks like they have improved their show since October of 2007, so if you get the chance, take a peek.
2	For some reason, I was talked into going to this burlesque show instead of the one we were already had plans to go to (which had a much higher rating on Yelp!). The guy at the Half Price Tickets stand did an excellent job of talking the show up. So we went.I noticed almost immediately that the girls looked bored. They seemed like they were just up there bumping and twirling because they had nothing better to do. There were only 3 girls that really stood out as being talented and interesting to watch. I was slightly curious as to their audition requirements because there was one girl who had no curves whatsoever (let alone any breasts) and there was one girl who could not dance. At all. I have no idea how she got in.Some of the acts are definitely good. I wouldn't say that any turned me on (which I'm assuming was their goal), but I did enjoy watching them.The intermission was not the comedian Pudgy as promised on all the ads. Someone told me Pudgy died, but I have no idea if that's true or not. Instead the comic was Nancy Ryan from New York.Sitting through her act was probably the most painful thing I did while I was in Vegas. She started her act by telling some lame joke about how when she first moved to Las Vegas she had a gambling problem and her hourly rate averaged out to $1 or so. I guess that's kind of interesting, but I wouldn't really laugh. She tried one other equally lame joke before giving up on her act and simply turning on the audience. She had brilliant one liners like, "You're wearing a pink shirt, you must be gay."Everything she said was followed by "Holy Shit" which got SO old. "You're from Canada? Holy shit... So what do you do there? You managed a store? What kind? A grocery store, holy shit. Are you married? For how long? Holy shit... Oh man, holy shit, look at this guy. Holy shit, your hair is ridiculous ... A bachelor party? Holy shit!"She kept swearing her act was funny and there wasn't much laughter because we weren't from New York, but seriously, I'd rather have sat in silence for 10 minutes than listen to her.EDIT: I was contacted by a member of the Nancy Ryan Fan Club who (among other things) informed me that I was completely wrong about where she's from. It's not New York, it's New Jersey. Please take note.
3	first show that my bf and I watched. The room where the show took place was small, but cozy. The show itself was alright. There were like 2 hot girls lol. I liked some of the dancing and costumes the girls wore. Some outfits and dancing was weird though. The girls showed a lot of boobs. I also liked the comedian which was a woman, but i forgot her name that came out to entertain us for a while as the girls were getting ready. I don't know if I would want to see this again. Maybe not. We paid about $67 or 76 for this show together. We got to order drinks too, but it was like casino drinks. So not good. You also get to take pictures with the girls after the show for $10. The show was about an hour or so.
4	Very intimate venue, small stage & stripper pool in middle of room.  Loved the costumes and a few of the girls. But a few of the girls looked a little masculine, to be nice.  Magician that came around before the show was awesome, we wanted to take him home.Show was fun to watch, and our male friend got to go on stage during one of the routines, so fun!Routine with one of the girls B&G on the guitar was hot!!!!!Brittany was our overall favorite dancer, she is gorgeous.Drinks are crazy expensive, it was $28 for 2-vodka cranberries, I mean come on!  Comedian at intermission was pretty cool, we laughed a lot, cant remember his name.Overall I am glad we went, we were entertained, and I guess that was the point.
5	Grr. I've seen this show so many times. Let me give an real review. First off Pudgy died last christmas eve. It was very sad because she was such an incredible woman. Second they use different comedians as the half way point.Second The venue is the second city showroom which is small .But who wants to see boobs from far away? :) Tip the doorman if you want a really good spot. Second of all I love this show. It starts out with the tune from Buckcherry "CrazyBitch" Which shows what the girls and the producers are all about.Shakeera and Olga are my favorite girls.They have some latin flavor, some bathtub naughtness with two girls. That was cool.  Airline stewardess costumes. Oh and the stripper pole in the middle. And the of course school girl dress up. I love this show. It made me want to go out and get some stripper boots and show my man what i can do. Oh and after the show you can pay like 10$ to take a picture with them. Which i did :)And drinks we'ren't too expensive. 7-8$
3	i saw the show on 15th dec,2008. It was not bad. To me it's more like a strip tease than a show. There are some different types of song being played and the girls dance with those songs. That's it. The stand up comedian was fun. Apart from that i can say if you buy it for 50 then it does not worth it. But if you can buy it for 15$ from ebay then you can watch one.
3	The difference between the advertised hype and the actual show leaves a lot to be desired. Some of the girls were really lazy and there was one girl who mis-stepped all night. I don't think that there was enough teasing and tantalizing from the dancers. The pole work was also mediocre. A lot of the solo spots from the girls were great like when Britney was in white or the girl in teal dancing to a 60's era song. I was glad I saw the show, but it wasn't as spectacular as I hoped.
5	Spent the week photographing the World Series of Poker. We stayed at the Flamingo and I ended going to the X Burlesque alone even after offering to buy both tickets.. It was sad until the show started.It was very swank. The girls were posing afterwards with the audience and I got a very cool enlargement that I put on my end table in the room.In the morning when we  woke up, it was gone. She swore she had no idea. Maybe Bugsy's ghost?Very strange. Nice time I'm getting two.
3	If you can get in for cheap, like less than $30, and got nothing else to do, then it's OK and entertaining.  The girls are not that hot.  But it's cheaper than other forms of topless dancing...  I did like the bungee dance.  My show's comedian was so so.  People laughed a little, but most of it was make up on the spot, about where people are from, etc.. basic stuff.
1	One of the worst adult entertainment of all time. The worth is down to zero. they charge "pricey" tickets for VIP seating when general seating can actually get a better view. Bottom line, if you want to see big knockers and fabulous gorgeous bodies, then X-Burlesque is not what you wanna experience. Literally some were like double A.I have no clue what all the fuss was about because when I went, I basically fell asleep and was tortured by total boredom.But not to totally step on it, some of the girls are cute and one or two dance routines were decent.
2	I'm somewhere between 2 and 3 stars. Maybe because I've seen so many strippers and Maxine's has such an awesome burlesque show in Vancouver that I wasn't really impressed here. We paid about $30 from the Tix 4 Tonight place instead of the $55 they were supposedly charging and I would say that that was a fair price but I think if I'd have known about it, we would have gone to the Pussy Cat Doll Lounge across the street. A major problem with our show was the new girl. I don't know if she was a month old or a day old there but she didn't know the steps, was late on every move and actually ran into another dancer. She was kind of a spoiler. All in all, it looked like every girl but one had real boobs though, which was unusual and awesome. (Note: this is topless burlesque). There was a good mix of people there and they had a comedian come on for the intermission. He wasn't the normal one and he had his own show in the Flamingo so it was cool we got to see him. He was offensive and hilarious. The girls are gorgeous and it's a good show. We also got upgraded to VIP seats for free because the door man was super nice. It's just not everything I came to expect from Vegas, not over the top, not extravagant, just basic. Like trying to go to see Transformers and getting Legally Blond 2. Spend your money elsewhere.
1	Nice try, but no thanks. The venue is extremely small and the seating is uncomfortable. The legs in the beginning of the show was kinda wierd, the dancing never go that great and the pole routine was anything but fantastic. What was really distracting is that the pole is in the middle of the small room and while there was a girl on the pole there were girls dancing on stage it was hard to choose who to watch, actually it wasn't the dancing on stage was more entertaining then a girl holding on to a pole to dance. I was expecting nice tricks on the pole, but like most poles at vegas topless shows they look like they can fall over at anytime. Do not see this show.
3	My friend @ VDLX Editor said the music is perhaps one of the best parts of the show. I agree. Nice ensemble of the latest club hits tied in with the classics. The setting is intimate, with a stripper pole in the middle of the room. The stage is small..best to get the middle seats, side seats are annoying. The show was about an hour and a half long. It should be 45 minutes. There are only so many booty shaking moves you can watch ... The girls are cute, talented, most of the numbers were cutesy wootsy pop moves sans bra/clothes. They can do without the single performances where the gal prances around and lip syncs..It's simply boring. There was a very tall modelesque gal who stood out. She was the most impressive with her flexibility and versatility. Overall, it might be a fun show for a group of bachelors/rettes.
3	The Flamingo Hotel needs to seriously step up their line control. I paid extra for VIP seats thinking I would get in early, but there were general ticket holders ahead of me and I ended up getting cut by other VIP ticket holders whom had arrived a good amount after me. They say the seating starts 45 mins early, but they started 30 mins late. The seating is not first come, first serve..its first come, and they make you sit where they want you...demand you choose you're own seat and they will oblige. The actual show on the other hand was good mixed in with a pretty funny comedian halfway through the show. Some reviewers said the girls aren't the bustiest ever, but they are dancers..that's how they're built. These aren't strippers, folks, so if that's what you're looking for go to Sapphire. The dancing wasn't the greatest, not always in sync with one another. All in all it was a good show, but I regret buying VIP seats.
4	Hot girlsGood showPrice was right
4	The show kicked off with Metallica ... that alone got me into the show ...Got seated in the front row in the middle where there's a stripper pole that the girls did a few acts on ..Short insult comedian act in the middle was good ..Most of the dance routines were decent, a couple of them were weird and somewhat out of place ..My wife was handed a condom during a flight stewardess routine .. odd ..Shakeera and Meeka stood out as the best of the show ..Some of the other music I can remember was "Crazy Bitch" by Buckcherry and "Save A Horse Ride A Cowboy"
1	HORRIBLE SEATING!!! They pack you in like cattle NOT ENJOYABLE. Show is good, seating is just the worst.
4	Bought my tickets at tix4tonight so it was 30 each. There's a mix of good music to go with the dancing and all the girls are nice to look at. There's also a 10 to 20 minute stand up set in the middle which is funny. Do note though many joke are about race but its just for laughs. The girls bring one guy on stage for one of the skits but I think he may have been a plant idk. After the show you have the option to take a picture with the girls for $10, I think the girls are rotated out so choose wisely.it is general admission seating but the ticket taker seats people 5 to 8 at time and he's a little slow.
4	Overall the show was pretty good I can't really say it is "burlesque"  but it's fun. The girls are very pretty with very nice bodies only 1 of them had fake boobs. The choreography honestly is very 1 2 3 4 basic but you probably didn't come to the show to see great dancing.During the halfway point they had a comedian that came out her name is Nancy Ryan. She was very witty and offensive but I love that type of humor anyway. It seemed as if it was spit 50/50 some people didn't like her at all. The best skit appeared to be the airplane stewardess one where they grab someone from the audience which was nice as far as interaction and creativity goes. There is a pole in the middle of the room about 8 feet from the main stage and there is 1 who is mind blowing on that pole. To sum it all up it was good show good music the drinks are expensive. I got the tickets for free cause my friend is friends with the main girl "Shakeera" so free is always good. I would have paid 30 dollars for the show I think 50 is a bit much.
4	This show was excellent and a great value.  Face it - for the price, you're not going to get a $100 million production show.  What do you get - a wonderful topless show by beautiful women who are athletic and competent dancers.   The show is fast paced and well worth it.  I may get tickets on each visit to Vegas just to admire the girls' athleticism and beauty.  Tip:  The theater is pretty small, so a general admission ticket should do you just fine - if you get in line at 9:15 (doors open at 9:30).   Otherwise, if you're in the back row, you may want to part with a $20 or so for the host and move up to a better seat.
4	SeXXXy. Came here with some good friends celebrating a big birthday. Got a great price on tickets, and the location (in our hotel) was a win-win.Hot damn, these girls had some bodies. Some killer bodies - I was in awe. Their dance routines were totally entertaining, and we were digging the music, too. I haven't seen a lot of burlesque shows, but I'm officially a fan.They charge you to take pictures with the girls after the show - LAME.Also, the comedian was kind of a douche. Granted, that's their job, but I would have rather seen more dancing, less marginally-funny talking.
2	This show was whatever. No story, bad choreography. No big talent. This was a PG strip perfoamce. Just go to a strip club! You'll have way more fun.
1	Came here expecting a burlesque show and got a choreographed strip show instead. It wasn't all bad, but I wasn't expecting this. I expected BURLESQUE. I would not have paid for this event had I known it was a strip show. Wouldn't do this again. It wasn't a bad show, just not what I expected.I have to agree with a previous yelper the bungee solo was probably the best part of the show.
3	My wife actually picked this show because she is a huge Burlesque fan. We had a good time but were not to impressed.
1	Wow. It could have been great.  It could have been incredibly sexy.  It could have been a show to remember.  Instead, it was a painful flop.First, the good.  The girls were all quite beautiful, as you would expect from a show like this.Now, everything else.The chairs all faced the stripper pole in the middle of the room instead of the stage where most of the action took place.  They were hard, wooden chairs which were quite painful to sit in. Since they didn't face the stage, you spent the evening with your head turned to the side to see the stage.The performances, if you can call them that, were lack-luster at best.  The show was horribly choreographed, and the girls were seldom, if ever in synch with each other.  Sure, they went through the motions, but it was obvious that most of the girls didn't care to be there, and their poor attitudes really came through in their (lack of) performances.This was NOT a burlesque show.  It was instead a really bad strip show, loosely strung together with the same dancers doing typical stripper routines over and over.  For the same money, you can get a better strip show at a real strip club here in Vegas, including transportation and drinks!Lip synching songs on a stage production?  Really?  How about some effort and actually performing the songs?  The girl-girl scenes were all contrived, and there was no sense that any of the performers were actually 'in to' their performances.The comedienne in the middle of the show was awful. Her jokes were tired and her delivery was way off mark.  She came across as insulting and un-funny, and couldn't even keep her own life story, which she attempted to weave into her act, straight. Her only purpose was seemingly to make an already bad and uncomfortable show even worse. Bottom line: skip this horribly produced, barely choreographed, strip show where the girls aren't tipped so they have no reason to care.  Hell, Donnie and Marie would be a better show than this crap was.  We should have walked out like the other dozen or so people who actually had some sense.
3	I was kind of expecting a burlesque show with, well, more feathers, or a giant martini glass, or something a bit less one-layer of bikini top.  It was entertaining, and who can turn down hot women doing rather fine dancing, but it wasn't so much burlesque as it was like a quick one-minute striptease and out.  The comedian was amusing but brief; back into the breach of more and more sort of strip-dancing.  Alright for $35 with friends.
1	The women looked great, but it seems they took a local dance course at the community college. Beautiful women. No talent. Apparently the producer of this show does not know the meaning of Burlesque. Bathtub scene? Not sexy. "Boots were made for walking"routine. Soooo not sexy.  HOT BOX segment...boring and unimaginative. Comedian. Not funny. Even she noticed the crowd was not into it. Do not waste your time unless you want to see pretty woman that can't dance and go topless to cover up their dance 101 routine. If you do go, look out for the woman/women that just can't sell this show. Even they looked bored. Worst show on the strip. Saw the show on 12/5/11. You will regret it.
1	This show is dull and boring, and would only be exciting to a young teenage boy who had never seen a topless woman before.  Some of the girls are attractive enough, but the show is boring and the dancing is actually bad.  There were people walking out left and right.  The music is REALLY loud too. As other reviewers have mentioned, the seating is just weird; you have to turn your head and try to see the stage between people.  I really had to struggle to see part of the stage by bending my neck and peering around people.  Nancy was the comedian and she threw the F bomb about every 3 words or so.  She tried to be funny but was only funny half the time and the other half was painful.   I had so wanted to see a burlesque show and this was definitely NOT that.  Like many others have said, the show was just a bunch of topless girls trying to dance.  Oh yeah, and that bathtub sketch that has been mentioned several times here was just the lights turning off while the girls repositioned themselves and then back on briefly, then off so the girls could move, then back on, etc.  Made no sense to anybody I talked to after the show.  I talked with several people after the show and it was universally agreed on that this show is not worth the time, effort to see it, or the money for the tickets.  The best show in Vegas is Le Reve.  Now, THAT one was worth every penny.  Oh, yeah, I forgot to mention they have girls from the Burlesque team dancing on a platform near the door in Flamingo so you can see a free sample of exactly what the dancing will be like.
3	This show was ok. The girls danced their butts off and I kept thinking wow this is a lot of cardio these girls are doing. I only found one really attractive. She had a european sexy look to her with natural breasts. Another one was flatter than ihop pancakes and yet another one had hard, fake boobs. I was enjoying the dancing but then this horrible female comedian came on. She started making jokes about how the crowd was not laughing or having fun. I kept thinking if you want us to laugh say funny stuff. Then she started just being vulgar towards people and not in a funny way. I walked out for awhile because she was getting really annoying. I came back later to finish watching the show and it was entertaining. I was given some free tickets so I wasnt too picky but I cant imagine paying 60 bucks or so to watch this.
3	went to a "tix4 tonight" location (there are several on the strip) and got tickets for about $30 each. I thought it was worth it. I liked the loud music and didnt think the dancing was bad. the girls were gorgeous! the brunettes were clearly hotter than the blondes. the boobies on the girls ranged from small (but not flat) to pretty sizable. I liked that all the girls were not stick skinny and had curves. however, seating at the venue is awkwardly situated. they say seating starts 30 min prior but the line (which grew fast) didnt start moving until 9:50. if you want good seats id say get in line around 9 or come.really late. it's odd that the late stragglers got better seats than us. the old cocktail waitress and ancient ushers really know how to block ppls view btw. the comedian wasnt bad. her jokes really revolve around where audience members are from, their jobs, and their relationship statuses. if youre by yourself close to the front she'll call you out. one guy with a pauly d blow out came with his parents... he was a good target.best routine was the bungee part by far. everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. only one couple left one routine shy of the ending. I guess they couldn't wait to get back to their room!
2	That 1 Asian girl.... HOT FIYAHHH! But that's about it. Some of the choreographing was a bit awkward to say the least. I mean I think it's suppose to be seductive but in reality it kind of just made me go... "What??"I was expecting some crazy insane razzle dazzle performance but I think it was just alright. We bought the tickets for $30ish at the half-off ticket price stations, but I really don't think it's worth it to be honest.The only thing that kept me interested was that 1 asian girl... hahaha.
2	My review is for both the X Burlesque Show and the XBU (X Burlesque University).I will start with the University. For our girls weekend, my friend and I thought it would be fun to do the University class, and got a great deal off groupon for only $24! (I think its normally $50ish).  The class was supposed to be from 3-4:15.  We didn't start until almost 3:30 because we were waiting on a group of 8 people, which I don't think its fair for us to arrived when we were supposed to!  The class included a make-up session and learning dance moves.  We spent 40 minutes on putting on eyelashes because there were several girls who "couldnt" put on their fake eyelashes...so for us who put them on within 5-10 minutes, we had to wait almost 30 minutes...doing NOTHING!  It was their largest group they have ever had, and there was only 1 instructor.  My friend and I ended up leaving because we had other things planned for the day!  It was after 4pm and we had only gotten our eyelashes on! If there were more instructors, I really feel the class would have run more smoothly.  I was really bummed we didnt get to do the entire class because I think it would have been a lot of fun!  So since we left early and were disappointed with the class, we received tickets to the X Burlesque Show...meh...They said the show was going to be an hour...some of the routines were pretty good.  The one blonde lady on the pole was AMAZING!  There were two girls were TRULY were good dancers and actually enjoyed doing the show.  The rest...not so much!There was a comedian halfway through the show...she was funny! But I was depressed to realize that there would be another 45 minutes of the show...With the same pattern as that same morning, we left early because we had an evening of fun planned!I dont know if I would spend the money on the show...if you are there for a bachelor/bachelorette party or a birthday, it might be a fun group show!
4	Cmon people, what were you expecting?  Ridiculously attractive girls doing ridiculously attractive things....RECIPE FOR SUCCESS.    Some of the choreography was a little awkward, but it was still fun. The ushers were 100 years old.  Drink prices are reasonable.  We slipped the usher a fiver and he gave us one of the reserved tables. Totally worth it.    The dancer with the betty page bangs is the hottest woman alive.  Also the best legitimate dancer in the show.
2	My husband and I went a couple weeks ago while in Vegas to go see X Burlesque.  It was one of the only topless shows we hadn't seen yet and thought we'd give it a try.We got tickets at the half price place and paid a little under $30 a ticket.  On the cheap side of show tickets in Vegas.  It was a bit annoying that the tickets were General Admission.  Meant that to get "good" seats you had to arrive early.  But by good seats I mean totally uncomfortable and squeezed together.  It is good, I guess, if you want to get to know the stranger next to you :)  We were also glad we didn't get VIP seats - from what we could tell they were also general admission, just one row closer than we were.The audience was small and the place was only like 1/3 full the night we went.  The girls were okay, there were a couple cute brunettes.  The only blonde in the show was horrible.  She wasn't very pretty and was always off from the rest of the dancers.  She was a distraction.  It was the first show that we saw in Vegas that all the girls looked like they had real boobs - they actually moved when they danced - how cool is that lol.The bathtub routine was really cool for about 60 seconds, but unfortunately it lasted for a few more minutes after that.  We really liked the cowgirl routine and one where two of the girls were dancing on the stripper pole together.  We also really liked the song our favorite girl did at the end of the show - but must have drank too much now, cause I can't remember more about it then we really liked it.After the show two of the girls (including our favorite - yeah!) went out to take pictures with the crowd, but they charged like $10 per picture.  Overall was an okay show that we got our money's worth from, but if you want a good topless show in Vegas go to Peepshow and if good and reasonable priced is what you want then Fantasy is much better.
3	Good Burlesque show but from the previews before the show I was expecting more. They have a video before the show that shows the girls doing amazing acts but the live acts were sub-par.
3	I was expecting more out of this show. I was hoping for a little more traditional burlesque with a modern flair. But the show was lots of very attractive woman dancing to a number of routines that did not come together and the middle of the show had a comedian telling jokes. (probably so the dancer can take a rest break) All of the dancers were very talented and and the show is worth going to as you can pick up tickets for less then $30. My wife was with me and the room was full of couples or groups of woman. We have seen all of the topless shows on the strip. If you are looking for something more sexy try Shades of Temptations at New York New York (yes like every topless production show on the strip it is couples friendly) If you want something more fun Try Peepshow at Planet Hollywood.
3	Beautiful women and hard rock are a great combo here. The venue is quite small and the seats are close (very close) together, so I hope you like the person you sit next to. VIP seating allows you to get closer and PINK seating gets you front row and/or a table. The drinks are very expensive by Vegas standards. If you tip well you may get upgraded to the next seating .... Good luckThe show itself is well done, tasteful, sexy and very entertaining. I went with 3 women and 3 guys, (Le femme suggested it), everyone seemed to have a good time. Not really a show to see twice.
3	TIP: Purchase your ticket at the Half Price Tickets booths.  Ton's of locations but I went to the one right in front of the MGM.  2nd Tip- Look for the older salt/pepper haired man seating people and give him a couple of bucks to sit you at at a better seat.  Yup I did it and got a good seat.  The show itself was alright.  The ladies were pretty and a couple of them stood out to me (beautiful).  It's not the best show and the venue is a little small.  No pre-assigned seats.  I think I'd go again.  I love dancing and burlesque so I don't mind watching women dance.
3	SHAKE WHAT YOUR MAMA GAVE YAHot damn, it's sexy time on our vacation. We're gonna see some B(  .  )(  .  )BS!!!We looked at all the shows we could see while in Vegas and decided on X Burlesque. We were staying at the Flamingo anyhow and had asked around about it. Every man who had seen it said it was worth checking out. Couldn't find any ladies who'd attended the performance. We bought our tickets online at halfpricetickets which was a better deal that going to the place on the strip that discounts show tickets. We ordered VIP and were instructed to arrive an hour early.Once it was show time we were seated in a room smaller than we expected. Which was nice except the acoustics were very loud at times. The show was a couple hours long and even though the hot-bodied dancers were really fun to watch, it would have been nice to have more than the 6 or so girls. We expected to see all sorts of girls - not that there was anything wrong with the ones we were oogling, it was just repetitive after a while.A comedian came on halfway through the show and the room erupted in laughter with her smart and witty jokes. She was fast-tongued and really involved the audience in her skit. We both agreed she could have stayed on longer. Very enjoyable.My biggest complaint was the seating. Why on earth would someone split the room in half to have chairs facing each other, and then make everyone turn their head to see the stage?! It was extremely uncomfortable. Plus, the actual seats were uncomfortable too. We talked to one girl who left the show 3 different times to stretch. Every person we talked to complained about this. Pictures could be taken with the girls for an additional fee after the show. They weren't as scantily clad as during the show and didn't seem worth the $10. No cameras allowed during the show.Boo.(bies)
1	I really hated this show. A high school musical would have been better than this. They need better timing in the choreographys. But it wouldnt make a difference since the numbers are so chessy. The sitting was awful. I wanted to walked out but my wife said it would be rude to do so, so i suck it up til the end. Save your time and go to another show like shades at ny ny or fantasy at luxor.
1	The drunk chick dancing to the music outside the Cosmopolitan can dance better than any of these ladies.  You could tell by their expressions they were doing a routine they had memorized or were just learning. Bad seating unless you were right upfront.  Who is the idiot that thought if you split the room in half and have guests looking at each other instead of the stage, was the way to seat people at a T&A show??   They had great music, just too loud for that small of a room.Usually a scene with two ladies in a bathtub is hot. They made it out to be boring and cheesy.  Only one lady know what that gold pole in the middle of the room was for and how to use it.  We saw it EDC weekend. so there were much sexier women outside for free.  Its bad when your girlfriend looks at you and says she has seen better!Not going back
1	What Idiot designed the seating in this joint? Amateur Dancers? I could have went to the local Strip joint and saved my money instead of wasting it on this flawed crap! What a rip off? Touristy at best! I could have brought my Grand mother and she would not have been ashamed. I think Miley Cyrus has a bigger ass then all those Girls put together? Fake Boobs and No Asses!...........and no routines to make memorable. I think I saw more of the back of the head of some Japanese Tourist? The Comedian was not that bad. That is pretty much where the one star comes from.
4	I lovvvvved this show!!! It was my first show of this kind so I don't know how valid my opinion is but my bf and I came here for my bday and I loved the girls !! There was only one blonde that seemed very robotic like she was just following a routine she didn't smile at all and seemed very bland. Other then that the girls were very energetic, seemed very into the dances and kept great eye contact. The only down side is yes the chairs are so uncomfortable!! I got a seat at the end of the row so it wasn't too bad but my bf said he was soo uncomfortable it was starting to hurt towards the end. Once we got there a really old guy with all white hair asked my bf if we wanted "VIP" seating or something and he tipped him a few bucks and got right in front :) one thing kinda sucked I had seen reviews that said the picture afterwards was $10 I absolutely wanted it and got it except it came out to $35!! It had a frame so I guess that's why?? Just beware its not $10 or at least wasn't when we went. Overall though I told me bf I want to come back and see them next time were in town !!
1	Got ticketsfor tonight's show on a whim and because the Tix4tonight guy recommended it.  Huge mistake.  We can now say we have seen the worst show in all of Vegas.  First of all, the tickets are all General Admission which means you have to get there crazy early and stand in a long line hoping to get a decent seat.  Dont bother because you will spend the next 75 minutes with your head turned which will lead to a headache.  Music was crazy loud for such a small venue, seats are cramped,  girls were ehhh and tonight it was absolutely freezing in there.  Husband said his vodka was watered down.Don't waste your time or money.  Skip this.
1	Attended this show a few weeks ago with my husband. To call it burlesque (x or not) is a stretch. Had I not gone in expecting a sexy variety type show, high spirited, drama, parody... maybe I would not have been disappointed. Nah, who am I kidding. The show was substandard. The seating was poorly arranged and uncomfortable. The show called for a 2 drink minimum, but our waitress did not arrive until the last 15 minutes of the show.  Some of the dancers looked bored, choreography missed the mark, and the expected curves of burlesque dancers were missing. Time and money would have been better spent someplace else!
1	This is one of the worst Burlesque shows (if that's what you call it!)  my friends and I have ever seen. It doesn't fit in the Burlesque theme at all, the choreography coach needs to get these ladies on the same page, the music and screen play is way too much, dancers are very cheesy and short.  The comedian in the middle of the show said one funny joke!  The crowd said it all there was no laughter for the comedian and very little clapping for the dancers.  One guy actually left the show and another fell asleep!!!!The ladies are not very attractive unless you are into super skinny, no boobs kind of dancers.  They pulled a gentleman on stage towards the end and were dancing for him but, they didn't even touch him it was super cheezy and don't let the reviews of the champange glass fool you!  We also ordered a soda and a juice, of course to add our own liqour and the wanted $12 for the drinks.This show wasn't even worth the half price that we paid for it!!! Let anyone you know going to Vegas NOT to waste their money on this show or their time.
2	Show was ok. It was basically the same thing over and over again with different music. My opinion was that they were just like strippers that took an 8 week dance course. Room is very very small. VIP seats are basically not worth the money. They are two seats next to you for half the price. It's first come first serve seating. Our show was at 10 and we were told to be there at 9:30 for good seats. To be on the safe side we got there at 9 and it was already packed with a long line and we ended up getting pretty crappy seats.  Room is freezing so I recommend a jacket if you go.
2	The 'burlesque' in the show was pretty limited. I was actually disappointed. The girls were attractive and talented dancers, but I really was anticipating at least a taste of Burlesque as the name implies.
2	So I had time one evening and I went "half-off show tickets" booth next to Bally's to see what I can get to kill some time, most of the shows were either very expensive or not on that night, so I decided to see X-Burlesque. I paid $41, I am glad I did not pay more because this shows barely worth's $41. I was recommended to take the discount ticket to box office one hour before the show to validate it, which I did. Then instead of waiting in line for an hour, I went to eat dinner. Came back 10 minutes before the show and I was the last guy in line, so I got the last seat. There were I think 10-12 girls dancing in small groups, while one group is dancing other group was getting ready. Yes, they get topless at every dance scene. Dances were okay, just okay, some girls had timing issues, could not keep of with the rest of the group, which shows that they do not practice enough. Lighting was designed so we do not see too much of girls, which is why they all looked to have spotless bodies. Although it was hard to see from all the way back. It was an okay show, worth the half-price I paid, will not repeat.
1	Utter rubbish. Far from burlesque. It's poor choreography with an even worse execution. It's less burlesque and more like a poorly timed strip show. Burlesque shows do not include a stripper pole nor do they include nipples. Don't get me wrong, I love the boobs but this show is so far from burlesque. Granted though there are a couple of scenes that were ok, bath tub, ballet, and the bungees. But I can not recommend this show based on a couple of ok scenes.
1	My bf bought me these because I wanted to see classy girls dance to actual Burlesque music in the right BURLESQUE theme costumes.  He spent money that I think was over priced after I attended the show, just to watch girls dance mainly half naked to modern rock and hip hop. I could have went to a strip club and paid a stripper or 2 $20 to dance like that and they probably would have done it just as better. They're choreography was like the same moves over n over.   I was very disappointed . It was freezing in the room...very cramped and like I said... it was just a bunch of girls dancing half naked mainly to modern music. Only favorite part of the show was the comedian Nancy. Other than...I would never go back.  Waste of $85
5	This was the best Vegas show I have ever been too hands down! My boyfriend and I had an awesome time. The girls were beautiful, the choreography was amazing, but the best part was how much fun they looked like they were having. I mean the boobs were great, but I don't think I'll ever forget those mesmerizing smiles on their faces. And the comedian was absolutely hilarious and it was raw on the spot. Just don't by drinks there. For $3:50 you can get a water so small TSA would let you through with out blinking an eye. But my god that show was worth every penny!
2	My brother got us a group rate for 12 of us that worked out to $35 a ticket which is better than you can get at the discount ticket places on the strip. At that price the show was alright but I wouldn't pay full price for it.The seating of the show is absolutely awful. The chairs were the most uncomfortable I sat in in a long time. They moved us to some booth style seats in the back instead which were much more comfy but they were about 4-6 inches lower than the chairs that were in front of us so the view wasn't very good.The dancers were good and very beautiful however the lighting was also not very well done. Some people in our group really liked the show but I would definitely recommend going to see Fantasy at the Luxor instead. Fantasy is a much higher production show.
4	Perhaps I may not have said that if I had paid full-price but we got good tix at $55@, and for an hour and half, it's good entertainment.  I can see how ppl can compare to some of the more expensive shows, but for Vegas, just to appreciate entertainment, beautiful girls dancing, mostly well choreographed, that's why I'm here--to be entertained.It's a smaller venue compared to a Jerseys Boys, wrong comparison, as it's more of a club atmosphere; still a good 100 can fill here.It's topless dancing for the most part, and most guys can appreciate the fishnets, garters, high heels, boots, flying everywhere.  Wished there were a bit more pole-dancing, to really show the skill, but the on-stage dancing still fine too.Comedian at half time show was amazing, she knew when to swear for maximum comedic effect..picked on several ppl from the audience, glad I wasn't one of them lol.Originally we sat on the side; luckily, another older staff worker, asked us if we wanted to move more to the centre, easy choice.  Just wished the seats were a bit more comfortable...and especially for the duration, i really thought it was well worth it. almost an hour, and non-stop dancing.  near the end, it was a bit much, though fortunately, they had short script songs/themes, so it was constantly changing.of the 6 girls, just one blonde, 1 brunette, 2 asians and another 2 dark-hair, a few with extremely gorgeous long hair, the perfect curls.After the show, you can take pics w/ the girls, for a fee i imagine, though only 2 girls came out.
4	Tickets are on the pricey side however I went to Vegas.com and was able to find them half the price. The theater is small but I found that to be a good thing. You are able to see the stage and dancers and not worry about being seated to far that you can't see. The show was not ronchy at all. I went with my husband and we both enjoyed the show. The comedian was something else. She was hilarious! My husband was a bit hammered as she called him. They both went at it that he became part of the show  they had half the crowd going. I say half the crowd because the other half was just up tight but that wasn't really anyone's fault but the people themselves lol... All in all it was all worth it and would recommend couples, men or single women to check it out. I really enjoyed the entertainment!
1	This show was horrible.  There are just 6 girls that do a variety of choreographed dances with no enthusiasm...and the big deal is that they take off their tops.  Then they change outfits and do it again....for 75 minutes.  Small dingy room with uncomfortable chairs cramped in there.  Sucked so bad...seen better acts in a strip club.  The comedian wasn't really funny...pick on a couple guys in the audience and insinuate they are gay...meh.  I could not wait for the show to end...and that's saying a lot when there are boobs being shown.  It was that bad.
5	Absolutely the best topless review on the strip.  The girls are stunning, the music is great, and the choreography is stellar.  From the moment the show starts until the moment it's over you're constantly presented with everything you'd hope for in a Las Vegas style show.  The only thing that could've made the show better in my mind would be the ability to watch each girl individually so I wouldn't feel like I missed out on anything.  Great job ladies.
2	Definitely not what I've expected. This place is works on first come first serve basis.  The line to get in stretches in the middle of a casino. And you're standing right In front of a bar which is okay but horrible If you can't take cigaret smoke. Got a headache while waiting. When you walk in its a small stage. Nothing too crazy.  There were only 2 dancers that were appeasing and knew what they were doing.... Overall the show was monotonous and Boring.  I came here with 5 other people and they felt the same way.   Very minor acrobatic stuff. If you've seen a$$ and tits before. Go somewhere else. The only upside to this show is that they had a comedian come up on stage for about 5 mins to wake us up. Which worked.
2	Box OfficeFor show tickets inside the Flamingo such as Donnie & Marie and X Burlesque. There isn't really a defined line, but there are defined areas of the counter for say their Diamond players. Staff wasn't too friendly nor inviting to purchase tickets. It was like a burden for the staff to answer questions or help interested patrons. We didn't end up buying the tickets directly from the counter. A shame. Likely avoiding shows in this casino. The ShowOne of the shows on the strip that somewhat like the original showgirls with fancy headdress located in the Flamingo Casino resort.The show has been around for sometime now. Only one show per most nights. The line is somewhat disconnected and almost like a cattle here joining a crowded small theater. Seating is cramped and doesn't allow for leg room. Stage is close for all. Seats are poorly arranged to view the acts.The acts have a story. Not epic or memorable. An intermission in the middle was almost forced and out of place. The individual dancing was ok but off sync for the cast. Good: use of small cast small stage. Dancing was ok. Bad: seating arrangement and intermission. Not the worst show. Okay to watch once. Overpriced in comparison to other shows.
