5	Came here! great delicious Food/ burritos! Very Clean atmosphere, great for a date, or eat Alone. Enjoy
4	I've eaten at this Chipotle way more times than I would like to admit in the short time that it has been open.  It's the perfect quick and affordable meal before hitting up a game or event at the Arena.The quality of the food and the service is as good as any Chipotle.  I'm really impressed with the facelift they have given to the space.  The old attendant, Moe's, had a very similar concept to Chipotle.  Chipotle could have been lazy and just slapped a new coat of paint on the walls, instead they redesigned the layout, and created the much more modern and inviting look that their restaurants are known for.
5	Stopped in last night and as usual the service was amazing! The staff here is always fast and they don't skimp on the food. Other locations I can practically see the bottom of the bowl.
5	Love the tacos here. Can't beat it for fast food.
5	A staple for me.  I found this place right across the street from the Cardinal Stadium.  We were working an event there and needed some lunch but the food at the stadium was, well, stadium food.  Chipotle to the rescue!  I love the fresh corn they have.  Here is a tip; raw corn counts as a vegetable.  Cooked corn counts as a starch.  Chipotle serves it raw. It adds a sweet flavor to the food with great texture.
5	So happy that they have this location so close to Westgate now. Everything is great about it! I love getting a bowl and dipping the tortilla chips in it! My daugther loves the kids quesdilla.
4	This place was the same as virtually all the other Chipotle's I have visited (outside of the first ever - that is an odd place!)They have Margarita's here (still never tried those) & some outdoor seating - which much come in handy October-March ;-)
2	Don't go during lunch time you WON'T get the amount that your paying for!
5	I have ate here on a daily basis for more than 6 months now and have received extraordinary service each time. The staff is fast and friendly. I'm lucky to have such a great place to each lunch so close to work.
1	Poor service with attitude.  How do you not have Avacodo  and telling everyone they have to 15 minutes with a attitude.  Recommend going to another location!!
4	Chipotle is Chipotle is Chipotle. Love the outdoor seating, the margarita options, and the fast, friendly service. It is a great location at Westgate and while others are fighting for a seat at the regular sit down restaurants, you can count on quality, consistent food at reasonable prices at this Chipotle location.
5	Chipotle is AMAZING!! The guacamole is always fresh and delicious! The line is always long but it does move fast! The only thing that holds up the line is when people call in to go orders, the the line completely stops to make the to go order. Other than that I could eat there everyday!
3	Pretty good for a fast food mexican place. Chipotle has minimal options when it comes to food. There is never as much people as other restaurants near by. The food quality isn't that good but what do you expect from a non-authentic fast food mexican place?
1	I felt really rushed at this location, and the steak had fat in it. There was also way to much salt on the chips, and the cashier was rude.
4	In terms of fast food, Chipotle is one of my favorites. This location used to be "Moe's" which was much the same. Food was a bit heavier and greasier but burritos came with all you can eat salsa. Chipotle does not and their chips and salsa is rather expensive. So if you haven't been to this location in a while, you may be disappointed.But overall the food is good and the staff here is friendly.
5	The food is prepared on site every morning from the freshest most responsibly raised ingredients. The staff is upbeat, lively, and create a fun environment for a delicious meal. My favorite is the bowl with white rice, pinto beans, fajitas, chicken, corn salsa, and guacamole. If your really hungry I would suggest a double steak burrito with guacamole and hot salsa. If your there for dinner try the margarita, it's amazing!
1	This review is not about the food. The food at the Chipotle restaurants are generally the same in quality and taste. I have never had an issue with the taste of the food while being a consumer at this location but I have had terrible service time and time again. I work close to this location , at a company at Westgate. Myself and fellow co workers come to Chipotle often since there aren't many options in Westgate during the day at lunch time . Well, there is Buffalo Wild Wins, Which Which and Mama Gina's but everything gets really old, really fast. Chipotle has something for everyone , so we go there. The taste of the food is fine and the portion of food provided is AMAZING if you are a 5 year old child. You order a burrito bowl and or burrito and you get 2 servings of rice , veggies and everything else by default and then when it comes to meat, you get a child portion. When you look confused and or concerned and ask for a little more they  respond by asking if you want double meat, which is an extra cost of course.  The chicken, steak and other meats are what make the meal. Not cheese, lettuce, hot sauce and beans. Those are used as fillers here. Where else do you go and spend 10 bucks for a burrito with meat in it that would better accommodate a taco?I did not want to really speak about the customer service since I will not include employee names, although I have them. Often times you leave feeling rushed. If you change your mind, please expect a roll of the eyes. Trust that someone will be upset because you as the customer want to add beans last minute. How DARE you ask for your monies worth!!?I really wish I did not have to create an account just to write this review but I had to. I have been working near this location and helping jeep them in business since January and I have been wanting to write this and or write corporate forever and just kept saying it fast food, its fine, it will get better. It unfortunately does not, at least at this location!!!
1	Went to this Chipotle tonight, ordered a burrito to go and when I got home to enjoy my burrito the rice inside what not cooked!!! WAYYY undercooked, hard and gross. Really disappointing to get home and not able to enjoy the food. Would have went back but decided it wasn't going to be worth it since they don't even know how to cook rice. Went to Cafe Rio's instead.
1	I usually loveeee Chipotle's  and I order the bowl but this time I decided to order 3 tacos w flour shell, this was awful, they didnt wrap it individually it was all in one big foil, by the time it was time to eat them it looked like one big nasty mess, and wet from the steak meat, I had to throw it away after a couple bites, maybe the young teenage workers do not put much thought on the product since they are only there for gas and movies money right? oh well.
1	We go to this location many times but recently the portion size has drastically diminished. My husband and I ordered two burittos. One with sofrita and the other with steak. The gal gave us a 1/4 of a spoon of sofrita and said if I wanted more, we'd have to pay for double the sofrita. When asked about the sample size portion, we were told it was 2 ounces and that was the protein requirement. We had to double the steak for my husband too! Not going back to this location again.  If you need a children's size burrito then this is the spot for you!!!
3	Kind of did a breeze in and out, I rarely eat at Chipotle, so the one time I did want it there was one right down the street where I was at! It wasn't busy at all inside, I mean it's located at West Gate and there's a ton of eateries around there, depends what you're up for!But I was up for Chipotle that day (12/12/14) and the staff was super nice, me with my bad hearing I had to ask the gals to repeat it to me twice - I'm still young! This shouldn't be happening to me! But they were patient haha, the food was good too, a nice warm burrito for a chilly day!I think I will stop here again, and just ask for a little less red salsa since it ended up being too hot for me!
