4	Sure, they might be a bit more spendy than the Fry's down the street. But my sanity is worth that price. While that Fry's is a zoo 24/7, (I'll have to review it separately), Albertsons is an oasis of banal pleasure. It starts with the Starbucks at the entrance, and ends with the sweet emo kid who mans the register.The produce man always greets me, and even though I know he is forced to do so, it's still nice. Nice. That's how the whole store is -- uncrowded, wide aisles, neatly stocked goods, everything clean and tidy -- nice. It's like the valium of grocery stores.
4	I have to agree with Korina  here...Albertsons is a treat for me because it is not where I frequent for everyday things (I live almost too close to Frys and SAFEWAY) so it seems that whenever I go there I am interested in some kind of culinary creation.I actually get a kick out of walking into this grocery store hearing the under-age Starbucks baristas flirting with the 'security' guy because before I can even get annoyed I am greeted by the produce man.  (Most likely the same one who greets Korina!)  He is always interested in helping me select the perfect apple or point me in the direction of the hottest pepper.I also enjoy their prepared salads and sandwiches as a nice convenient alternative to stopping somewhere else on the drive home.
3	This has been where I have done most of my shopping for 11 of the last 16 years ( I lived in Surprise for a while).  The only day it was a real zoo was one time I went on the Saturday before Easter, never again!  Some of my shopping in recent years has been moved to Wal-Mart for price differences.  This is still where I get most of my meat and vegetables.  And they have stuff that many other stores don't.  Bob, the security guy, is usually the first person to greet you.  Most of the high volume stuff (beer, bread, milk, eggs) is competitively priced even with the discount stores.  I am the kind of person that if I am going someplace for one thing I will get my whole list there as I cannot save enough to pay for my gas and time to make several stops.  And I very seldom fail to find everything on my list here.  I have seen several changes in layout.  It used to have two doors and no Starbucks.  I have seen teenagers grow up into adults as they went from shagging carts to bagging groceries to become cashiers.  It's nice going into a big store where even if  they do not know my name I am recognized and greeted several times.  I really like their meat counter, much better than the Safeway 2 miles closer to home.  They could do with a bit of training in the deli,  I have had to explain every time the numbers on the slicing machines are calibrated in millimeters and if I ask for an 8mm slice of bologna to fry they do not need to cut 3 test pieces for my scrutiny if they just dial in 8.
4	I visited this store three days before Christmas to get cookie decorating supplies. At this point of the holiday season I was tired of crowded and understocked stores. Honestly, I was expecting the worst. They would be out of everything I needed because everyone else and their grandma was getting ready to do the Christmas cookie rumba in their kitchen. I have to say that this store pleasantly surprised me! I was greeted immediately, then as I turned down an aisle, a young employee asked me if I needed help. Not being familiar with the store layout they took me right to the FULLY STOCKED cookie decorations! I was able to find everything I needed with pleasant and helpful employees and not being rammed by other shoppers carts! Every employee I passed greeted me with what appeared to be a pleasant sincereness. It really made the pre-Christmas food shopping at the end of a long work day a delight.
4	Nice place. A lot of fruit options, which I like.  People have been there forever, too!
4	BEST BAKERY EVER!!!!  Hands down the best for their baked goods.  I've ordered cakes from them, my daughter has to get a cupcake every time we go there, have taken some of their freshly baked grab and go things in the cases - always so fresh and reminds me of the bakeries back home (east coast).  The Starbucks is in a good location away from traffic and so tempting that it's the first thing you face as you go in....always want to stop.  The produce section is the best I've seen in AZ - looks so much greener and fresher than anywhere else.  Their stuffed/filled mushrooms are so good and highly recommended....they are half the price of the same at Frys and much better.  The service in this location is wonderful - they really go out of their way with customer service.  That's what I particularly love about this location and in addition to that, like with all Albertsons markets, they carry stuff you just don't always find elsewhere.
5	They have a Starbucks in here. Love it. These facilities are always clean, the selections of everything are great and their sales are pretty amazing. I feel like Albertson's gets over-shadowed by other grocers but they are a wonderful place to shop at. I also like that their kitchen appliances and gadgets are at great prices. Love this place.
2	This had been my primary, weekly grocery store run for 5+ years; up until the last month or so. In the last month I have experienced: dodging construction workers and equipment (in the afternoon), elevated and incorrect pricing, and employee attitude.I assume this is due to the merging / purchase of Safeway.Something is not right.I will go elsewhere.
5	This was my primary weekly grocery store way back, probably 20 years ago.  I tried Fry's for a while, but I am back to Albertsons. Albertsons is such a nicer store then Fry's, prices great, clean and has aisles that two people can actually pass each other.  Meat dept amazing. I finally enjoy the weekly grocery shopping again.Recommending to everyone.
