4	Passage to India is a fairly new Indian restaurant in the University area.  Unfortunately, Udipi (the vegetarian restaurant) has closed down and Passage to India took its place.  It features a full menu as well as a weekday lunch buffet and a weekend brunch buffet that serves a couple more items than the regular weekday buffet like specialties from South India and a selection of popular street foods and of course vegetarian as well as non-vegetarian fare.My family decided to try their weekend buffet, as a way to sample their style of cooking.  The interior: simple, clean.  Service: polite  Price: $9.95 for weekend and $7 something for weekday, menu prices are varied but they have a $3.99, $4.99 and $6.99 bento box type special everyday.The buffet is served until 3:30 pm, however they refill the buffet trays for the last time at around 2:30 (when we arrived) so we kinda had to try the leftover and dry-ish food.  I didnt expect much, but I was pleasantly surprised.  The food was Amazing!  I tried to sample a bite of everything, but that was very hard because everything was so good, I wanted to cram my mouth with it.  Even my mom - who never likes restaurant food, ate everything on her plate and praised it to bout!  The amazing Iron Chef-India praised someone else's food!  WOW must've been good :)Ok, so I tried 2 of the 4 types of rice dishes, which were very flavorful but not overpowering.  I tried the spinach/paneer dumplings in a creamy sauce, boneless tandoori chicken--they have the bone-in tandoori chicken too but since we were so late coming in, we didnt get any :(  chilli chicken which is something everyone should try cause it was really good.  The star of the buffet table was the Indo-Chinese style noodles.  They were so good, it made me wish I had an extra stomach to I could keep eating it!  When I go back, that and the chili chicken is all Im saving my stomach space for.  I even tried the dosa, idli (rice cakes) with coconut chutney and sambar.  They were all good, in fact really good and I cant wait for our next trip down University City Blvd.  I took some pictures with my iPhone, so I will be posting those as well, please excuse the poor lighting or angles.  Overall, great brunch/lunch but my only regret is coming in so late, cause we missed out on a true 5 star rating meal.
4	One of those roving-eye-hungry lunch stops (seriously, it could have been TGIFri or Hardees, we were so starved) that turned into super-happy-belly-land. Tiny, as has been said. Darkly lit, too. If you're a bit of a wide load, you're going to have trouble squeezing past chairs and tables. Buffet is cramped but packed - all the classics present and kept refreshed. Mostly veg, with some chicken and other meats at the left end. Malai kofta, paneer masala, daal, sambar, iddly, vada, hamburger buns (wtf), biryanis, chutneys and such, along with some sweets, on the cold bar. Veg lo mein . Free paper dosas brought to the table as you sit.10 bucks is a little high, but worth the variety of flavor and freshness of grub. Had a sip of a mango lassi - and smiled - pureed cardamom pods made my tongue sit up in surprise. Sweeeeet.
5	This is the only Indian restraunt except for mall food courts that I've been to.  As others have said the place is small and dimly lit.  However, the lunch buffet is yummy and filling.  Been many times.
5	Great food.  Lunch box's are awesome  veg: $3.99, meat: $4.99.  Comes with oven baked flat bread.  Good service and clean.Two thumbs up!
4	Definitely one of my favorite Indian spots in the University area. They offer a lunch buffet on the weekend and it is truly something special. Everything is so fresh and they keep the buffet stocked and clean. I usually do take out of the buffet or just an entree and everything is made to order fresh, not to mention some of the best plain and garlic naan around.
4	I am not a fan of the Indian buffets, mainly because the food often is bland because it is after all quantity over quality. I was surprised at how good the food was at Passage to India. We tried the weekend buffet for lunch recently. The chaat section is so so. But their main buffet is really good and only $9.99. If you like Goat/lamb biryani, then you will like their goat biryani. Their Indo chinese dishes are also yum. The also have a good variety of south Indian dishes too. Something on the buffet for everyone. It may become mine and hubby's weekend hangout. Its a bit of a long drive for us from South Charlotte, but the food is totally worth it. Definite yum factor!
3	Nestled into a two story strip mall close to UNCC, Passage to India is easily accessible and great for a quick bite and has a lunch buffet available as well.We had garlic naan which was quite good and a red onion chutney that was tasty as well.  I also tasted samosas for the first time and I loved the outside pastry, and the jury is still out on the contents, mainly because of the texture of the mixture, not really the flavor.  Our entree was a vegetarian dish with okra that I didn't write down the name of, but it was actually quite good and seasoned well and not too spicy.I wasn't overly impressed with our service as my glass was never refilled during our visit, and I'm not sure if I'd dine in again, but might consider takeout to try some of the other offerings because of it's proximity to my house.
4	Really good food and very nice staff.  I was pleasantly surprised by the experience.  Better than other Indian restaurants in the area.
3	Pretty yummy Indian. Good rice pudding. We went during resto week aka queen's feast. Really good deal. Still looking for Indian food in clt that will knock my socks off tho.
5	Awesome lunch buffet
3	Honestly , I've tasted better in the area. We arrived about 1pm on a Sunday. A number of items on the lunch buffet were empty except for thesauce. Unlike many ethnic restaurants , our drinks were kept full. Overall flavor was good, but as mentioned I've tasted better in the area.
4	My rating is based on the Samosas and sauces I tried at the Dances of india 2011 Show at CPCC in April.  They were crispy on the outside and the potato/veggie filling had the right blend of spices. WONDERFUL!!!  I have yet to trek down to their restaurant which I plan to do when my family come for a visit to Charlotte from ATL this summer. From what I've read so far my family should enjoy the Saturday brunch.
4	Indian food is typically not at the top of my list of favorite things to eat.  That said, I do know good food when I see.....  Let me rephrase that, when I smell... maybe that isn't the right word to use...  let's just say: when I experience it.Despite that I do not like the smell of Currie and most Indian food looks unsightly to me, there is something to be said about the food here.  It is cooked well and has a certain richness being full of the unique complexities you might expect in well prepared Indian food.  I have had bad Indian food before: dry, bland or grossly over seasoned and spiced but you will only find good food here.On my visit, my friends and I ordered sampler platters that featured a variety of different Indian dishes.  We only ordered two samplers for the four of us but so much food came out that they had to slide an extra table over to accommodate it all.  I feel we really got more than our money's worth eating here.As for the environment, it is really nothing special.  The decor is sparse and the furnishings are dated and low budget.  Don't go expecting Taj Mahal surroundings, you will get far more enjoyment if you focus on the food and your good company.
4	The Passage to India lunch buffet never fails to satiate my curry and tandoori fix and their mixed up lunch buffet has kept me happily coming back here for about 2 years.No one is going to say this is the best Indian food that you'll ever eat, but, the prices are very reasonable and food is worth returning for.If you've never had Indian food before the lunch buffet is a cheap and yummy way to see what you like.TIP: UNCC students show your ID for 10% off. A bunch buffet comes out to less than $7 for all you can eat. Where is this, Vegas? Just show me the slot machine!After two years of ethnographic observation, I think I cracked the Indian Buffet Code. In general the buffet consists of something like this:Carbs:- Pyaz Pakora: crispy deep fried onions. Yummy- White rice with peas- Fried vegetable rice- Butter Naan and Garlic NaanThen about 3 or 4 vegetable curries, such as- Something beany: Channa masala, Dal- Something greeny: Saag Paneer, Aloo Gobi Palak- Something creamy: Paneer Tikki Masala, Shai Paneer- Spiced Cabbage(y): I can never eat enough thisAnd then about three Chicken dishes (with a Lamb mixed in there sometimes too):- Tandoori chicken- Chicken Tikki Masala- Chicken Saag- Butter Chicken MasalaDessert- about 1 or 2 of the following:- Rice Kheer - Gulab Jamun- Sliced fruit (oranges, watermelon)With the variety and consist quality, I'll be coming back here as long as I am a student at UNCC!
4	After a great workout this morning at the Y....I was very hungry and had an intense desire for naan...and other great Indian goodies.  It has been sometime since I had gone to Passage to India for lunch.  We were pleasantly surprised that they had the buffet open until 3PM.  We considered other locations as we drove from the north side to the east.I am glad we decided on P2I.  It was really great.  The rice, the curries, tandoori chicken, everything all so very good!   Now if we could just have gotten some mango pudding for dessert, we would have been so so so happy!
5	Amazing! I prefer to take out the lunch box on weekdays, it's a better value for me since the buffet is a little limited. I LOVE the weekend buffet though, so much food and variety. If you eat dinner here, try the bhindi masala. It's kinda an okra stew, which I would have thought sounded gross, but it's so good! My other favorite is the chicken tikka masala. For dessert try the rice kheer- sweetened rice in coconut milk, or galub jamon- fried cheese balls that don't taste very cheesy, soaked in a sweet syrup.
5	I love going to Passage to India, especially for the buffet.  When I can see the food I am about to eat, it makes all the difference in the world.  The buffet selection is varied with entrees, salad, and dessert items.  Or, if you prefer, you can order from the menu.  Lunchtime is pretty busy any day of the week so if you need a few big helpings of Indian cuisine, you can't go wrong with Passage to India.
5	I have eaten here a few time now and am impressed with the place.... The lunch buffet is affordable, and you can say, (this is great food!) the price changes after lunch, but the food is well worth it. I am always greeted (with a smile) and seated quickly. Dirty dishes don't clutter my table and my glass never runs empty. Check it out!Indian food at it's finest!
5	So good!  Don't let the easy-to-miss exterior fool you...the lunch buffet can't be beat.  For a low price you can eat your fill of fresh masalas and naan and chickpea wonders.  Always spend the next few days thinking that their lunch would be better than whatever I am eating.  Other people know about the food so try not to go at a peak lunch time because you'll compete for seats with a long line (but it is worth the wait).  I'd recommend this place to introduce anyone to Indian food!
4	This place definitely hit the spot for me and a fellow yelper (Grace check her page out!)We came here for the lunch Buffet which was reasonably priced. ($10 for all you can eat) They had a very nice assortment of Indian food and they all tasted pretty good. And I was told from a friend of mine that it is quite authentic as well. The butter chicken was pretty good and after two plates I was full. Overall, I liked the atmosphere and how they catered to giving you the sense of an Indian culture.But I definitely enjoyed the food and will recommend people to come here to eat their buffet and get a taste of that butter chicken. (and all their other delicious food!)
4	It's pretty rare to find great buffet eats outside of Vegas. Seriously - buffets usually get sloppy, run over by hungry patrons. That's typically why I avoid them...they're usually not that appealing. However, Passage to India is a true exception to this rule of mine. The buffet is pretty banging. Not only is it (and the restaurant) quite clean and tidy, but you'll spy a nice selection of items. Fresh paneers, tikka masala, rice, two types of naan, fresh salads, and more. All of these items look to be frequently refreshed and judging by the full tables, this fab buffet is no secret. For just $7.50 per person (weekday) you can gorge on gorge Indian east. Some of my favorites included...Tikka masala: Tender chunks of chicken swimming in a perfectly tomatoey sauce with a touch of creamCucumber, tomato and onion salad: Crisp and refreshing with bits of cilantroGarlic naan: Hot and delightful. There's buttered naan if you prefer! And for those who prefer their food to go, Passage to India offers a pretty sweet deal: $3.99 for a vegetarian lunch box and $4.99 for a chicken lunch box. Those University area folks have it made here!
2	I ordered deliver tonight and I was less than pleased. Even when I specified I didn't want my tikka masala to be spicy, it was. I ordered a portion of nan bread and it seriously had two small pieces, the appetizers were cold and my order took a little over an house even though I live 5 minutes away. I don't think I'm going to be ordering dinner from this place again, but I might still go for the lunch buffet once in a while because the lunch buffet even if not the best Indian food I've had is not the worst one either. For $8 or so I liked their chicken tikka masala ( not as spicy as the one I got deliver), love the onion bhaji I just wish they had fresh from the oven naan bread like other Indian buffet's I've had. Not a fan of their mango lassi, they have a different version with some herbs, I like the sweet one.
2	went here with my parents for the weekend buffett (hello all you can eat pani puri!) honestly not the best indian food i've ever had, but then again i'm pretty picky and NOTHING out there is authentic, i don't care what they say. you have to make it at home to get real authentic taste. anyway! place was packed and seems to me their front door is a fire hazard, but whatever! food choices were decent, heavy on the vegetarian side. of the chicken choices, the chicken makhani was pretty good although the chicken pieces were cut pretty oddly. the pani for pani puri did not have any side dish that was adequate to carry it in. they had these really shallow bowls but they don't work very well for pani. the staff seemed pretty nice except when they tried to steal your plate before you were finished. weeeeirdd. overall, just another indian buffet for me, nothing spectacular. considering the choices for really good desi food are pretty slim in this area, i'll likely be back....i just don't know when. :-/
3	I've been here twice now; once today and once about a year ago. It seems to be the most affordable or cheaper Indian restaurant in this part of Charlotte and is right across the street from UNCC. I wasn't impressed with the food on either visit and found the food to be rather bland. I think I'll ask for my entree to be spicy instead of "medium spicy," if I return. They do have an impressive number of vegetarian offerings and my sweet lassi was really good.
5	If I'm in the university area and it's lunch time, the first place that comes to mind is Passage to India. I'm so in love with this place that I invent excuses to make the drive up here. Let me start off by saying I am a huge fan of Indian food and this place does not disappoint. I try to avoid buffets, but this place has an amazing buffet that I just can't resist. The restaurant has a nice quiet atmosphere and is well maintained. The staff is awesome, really polite and attentive.The food is ridiculous. The curries are flavorful and there is a wide variety. Usually there are 4-5 veggie based curries and 2 chicken based curries. There's nothing quite like mixing delicious chicken tikka masala with jasmine rice and rolling it up in garlic naan. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. Not to mention the tandoori chicken that's always on point.The best part of all, it's affordable. The lunch buffet is only 7-8 dollars! Passage to India is my go to place and if you're a fan of Indian food I suggest you check it out too
5	My previous roommate took me to Passage to India almost two years ago and I was exceptionally impressed with the quality of food. Who cares about decor when you're getting the best Indian cuisine in the area? Much like that favorite diner in a small town or that hole in the wall in a city, it's a gem. If you go to a place like that and it's almost always packed and not a chain restaurant, you know it has to be good. I didn't make it back too often, but I found a menu I grabbed the first time I was there in my delivery box today. They deliver within a 5 mile radius and I count myself exceptionally lucky that I live within it. I ordered the Eelam Calamari ( I LOVE calamari) and it was actually better than my favorite Greek style. Also, I ordered the assorted bread basket  with enough variety and naan to last me a week. The Hydrabadi Keema (Minced lamb cooked in an authentic mogul style with fresh spices) was outstanding. I've never ordered delivery service from them, but it was perfect. 25 minutes for steaming hot, perfectly prepared food that in NO way disappoints. You can also order online. I have no idea why I didn't know they delivered sooner! I was always disappointed in my delivery options in the University area, until now. No more settling for Domino's or Wing Zone when I'm too tired to cook.Between that and the International Market nearby, I can safely say I no longer have to eat crappy, unhealthy, tasteless food when I'm desperate and exhausted, but hungry. Passage to India is amazing. Also, if you're not afraid of (or thoroughly enjoy, like me) spicy food, get the Hydrabadi Keema spicy. Perfection.
5	Best Indian food place in Charlotte.. The weekend lunch buffet is great and the price is affordable.. There are  a variety of dishes comprising both Vegetarian and non vegetarian. Apart from the curries, naan and biryani  you also have chats, SouthIndian Idly , vada and Indo-Chinese..
2	The food is ok but the service is TERRIBLE!  I've ordered delivery twice from them.  The first time the driver got so angry and yelled at me over the phone because he couldn't find my house.  My house is in the city, in a neighborhood with a street light right in front of my house, not difficult to find.  When he arrived he shoved my food at me and stomped off without a word.  The second time I ordered on a Friday night, their website says they're open until 11:00 and delivery orders are accepted until 10:30.  I work at a restaurant and I got home late, so I placed my order shortly after 10:00, plenty of time before their 10:30 cutoff and 11:00 closing time.  The driver arrived around 10:50 and told me, VERY rudely, that if ever want them to deliver again I need to call earlier because they need to have time to clean up.  They still weren't even closed yet!  Why is calling almost an hour before they close still not early enough???   If my restaurant turned people away an hour before we closed because we need to clean, I can't imagine we'd be open for business too much longer.  If you don't want to be open until 11:00 then change your hours of operation, don't have your website tell your customers one thing and you say another.
1	I come to Charlotte for business trip once in three months and i always order food for delivery from Passage to India. This place has the best Indian food(not good for south Indian food - not at all!) in university area of Charlotte. But this time i really had a worst experience with this restaurant. While ordering online, I missed to add tip and the delivery person was literally shouting in front of my hotel door. He said the company is not getting profit due to online orders, OMG! Then why do they allow us to order online. The food was not packed properly and the "sambar" was flowing out of the box.If he had asked for tip directly i would have given him. From now on, Even if i don't get to eat Indian food, I have decided never to order in Passage to India. I am giving one star for the very rude behavior of the delivery person. Had i written this yesterday, they would have definitely got a three!
4	Best. Indian. Lunch. Buffet. In. Charlotte. So far.First off, f- all your reviews about rude Indian waiters. If you've been to India, you know what may come with the territory... heeheehee... Who doesn't love hole in the walls? I would only moan about the cleanliness depending on whether or not the food was good. And in this case, I don't complain.There is also nothing that makes me happier then coming here and seeing 80% Indians eating lunch. If this is where all the Indians go, you know it's gotta be good. Dipping fluffy nan bread with their right hands into steaming hot curry.I haven't tried anything but the lunch buffet, but I think it's incredible value. Everything is done properly, the rotis, idlys, the chana masala, the chicken curries, the raita, etc. There's usually 2 meat curries and 4 veg curries to choose from. Fresh salad (cucumbers to plonk into the raita) and fresh fruit for dessert.What I'm saying is, know that this isn't gourmet Indian or out-of-the-box Indian. It's just plain average mama's Indian. Which to me, is perfect for a quick lunch. It's also tons better then overpriced Indian, or sad discolored Indian food. Like the Saag Paneer ain't the best you've tasted. But it's satisfying.Prices:    Lunch Buffet $6.99    Weekend Brunch Buffet $9.99Me happy. If you want a un-American eating experience, eat here. Crowded to elbows, people eating with their hands, stuffing your face, in, out, job done.Rankings    # of times dined here: 2    Cost of Bill: $8 for 1person    Food Rating: 8/10    Service Rating: 6/109510 University City Blvd 101 Neighborhood: University City
5	1. An Indian joint usually serves lousy buffet... WRONG in case of this place. Every single time the food is amazing.2. Servers are okay. Ambience is ok...Nothing extra ordinary about them. Which kinda compensates for the good food.3. Try their Dum Biryani... It takes 45mins but is worth waiting every single of those mins.4. All in all, it gets all 5 stars for the food. And it is not even that costly!I would suggest first timers to try the buffet.
5	My boyfriend and I try to eat here as much as we can, at least once a week.  The food is always hot, fresh, and delicious.  The staff are always friendly and fast.  I've recently become a vegetarian, and the Butter Chicken Marsala really tests my willpower!
5	This is a pretty neat restaurant tucked away next to a gas station. The service and ambience were awesome. We were served food within 20 minutes of ordering. The food was great and not too spicy. I loved the Shahi paneer, rice and the naan. I came here for dinner and want to come here again to try the lunch buffet. I also see that one can get lunch boxes to-go with good amount of food for around 4 $ which is pretty cheap.
5	First review I ever make here in Yelp, but I felt like I had too.My husband and I just came back from having a GREAT dinner at this restaurant.It was clean, yuuummmyyy food, great service and the prices are good!I would highly recommend this restaurant!!:)
4	Passage to India is essentially 2 awesome restaurants in one: a wide ranging, well-tended buffet at lunch and a great dinner spot with an exhaustive menu. You would be smart to try either, genius to try both.At lunch, for under $10 you get your run of the buffet table which usually consists of at least two kinds of rice, paneer dish, at least two other veggie dishes, tangine chicken and two other wet entrees, plus salad. The choices are never allowed to go empty and can rotate so it may be worth a second pass if you are still hungry...or if your taste buds insist. The chicken tikka masala is often on the table and has a great flavor.For dinner Passage to India is my perfect hole-in-the-wall dining experience. There are many choices for each of your main categories, be you chicken, lamb, veggie, or seafood lover. I love the Hydrabadi Keema (Indian hot, of course) which has a deep flavor and practically leaves me licking the serving bowl.The service is okay. Not overly attentive, but they don't leave you hanging. Like I said, I love the hole-in-the-wall feel but if you are looking for a classy date spot the atmosphere might not be what you want. If that's the case though, bookmark Passage to India and go later. You won't regret it.
4	Namaste.I took a coworker here for lunch. Now you've got to imagine, my coworker and friend, was the living embodiment of Aunt B. from the Andy Griffith show. My mischievous nature thought that it might be interesting to introduce her to something outside of her comfort zone. Passage to India is a neat way to be introduced to Indian cuisine, since lunchtime features a buffet. One gets to try a little of everything. I have to admit, that I didn't know what I was eating the majority of the time - but it was flavorful, and spicy. I was smart enough to get plenty of the yogurt dish, that I characterize as an "Indian fire extinguisher."Service was very good. The buffet was kept fresh, and the employees were friendly. Prices were reasonable. When I asked "Aunt B." if she enjoyed lunch she said, "yes." When I asked her later on if she wanted to return she said, "uh uh," - translation: no. The spiciness was just a little more than she bargained for. ;o)PS: Parking here is pretty much like trying to squeeze into a sardine can, so arrive early or park down at the left side of the building and walk up. There is more parking on the left, next to Arby's, and less chance of door dings. Also be careful of "idjits" driving around the blind narrow corner too fast - it happens.
3	Unfortunately for Passage To India, I compare every Indian restaurant to Woodlands and It's hard to match that level of quality.Everyone else's reviews raved about the buffet, but I was here for dinner on a Tuesday. I will definitely try to make it out to the buffet if I'm in University at lunch time.I had been here years ago when the place was Udipi, it doesn't seem like much has changed. We split the CHILLI PANEER appetizer. It was good. I definitely liked it more than my boyfriend but I'm a sucker for any Indian food with lots of paneer. The texture of the panner in this app is a lot like tofu with almost a sweet and sour type sauce over top. Served on a bed of mixed greens, rather like a salad.I tried the MUTTER PANEER as my entree. I told the server I wanted it at a medium level of spicey, but it was pretty mild. Maybe I looked like a sissy and he didn't think I could handle it? :] I was still happy with my selection.My boyfriend ordered the MUSHROOM PALAK, which was okay, Nothing special, nothing bad.We shared POORI BREAD and GARLIC NAAN. Not the best we'd ever had, but still yummy.
4	I like this place, I get some really good vegetarian food here!they also have a nice lunch buffet and is really reasonable on the price.
1	Small. Staff not friendly. Lunch special did not offer a variety. Uncharged $1 for rice. Will not be returning. Food was tasteless.
4	Came here for their lunch buffet.  The restaurant is located in a strip mall with an awkward parking lot, but once you get into the place, the entire dining room is filled with the aroma of food.Yes it is a buffet, but they kept it very well stocked and very neat.   The food was good (I ate too much naturally).  Lots of vegetarian options.  Now, I am not an Indian food expert, but I felt pretty satisfied with the price and the food.Servers were very nice and kept our drinks refilled and the tabled bused even though the lunch crowd was growing and busy.The place is pretty cramped and doesn't have much atmosphere, but face it, it really makes the food the star.  There is a nice mural of the Taj Mahal on the wall but other than that, nothing too tricky or gimmicky here.
5	Best I've been to and I travel all across the US.
4	If you find yourself around Harrisburg, and you like Indian cuisine, this is definitely one you should check out. As an UNCC alumni, I know my way around this area well and there really isn't much on this left-front corner of campus. It really can be hard to spot at first, as it is wedged in the Campus Station shopping center.This place has a pretty sweet buffet. Although I've gone here once, I highly enjoyed their food options and felt it was an average size buffet. The food was of overall decent quality and the service was very tentative. I'm sure most items ordered off the menu are equally as good as what was available in the buffet.The location is not a bad walk from campus. The lunch buffet runs until 3p, 3:30p on weekends. The business delivers and takes orders online.
5	We just had a lunch buffet at this restaurant and I must say its very inexpensive and one of the best food I have eaten around Charlotte area..Your money can't buy a better food than this...
5	Not only do they have the best Indian food I've ever had, they may have some the best FOOD in general that I've ever had.  This place defines "hole in the wall".We've eaten at  several Indian restaurants around Charlotte, and none of them touch Passage to India.  I dont know what they do differently, but EVERYTHING tastes good.  We've been back several times and had the food delivered and I almost would say the delivered food was better...which never happens!  And the portions are HUGE.  My wife and I ate for 3 days on $20 worth of food.This is seriously one of the best places to eat in Charlotte.
4	Reasonable priced - good buffet, very tasty.  Thoroughly enjoyed our meal.  Good variety of both dishes with meat and vegatarian.
5	My boss, who is originally from India, and I found this restaurant during a recent business trip.  After our first visit we felt the food was ok, like "I had it before".  We decided to give the restaurant another shot on a second trip two months later.  The second time, everything was delicious, more than we expected.  We ordered Palak Paneer (Cheese in Spinach Gravy), Dal Fry (Cooked Lentil), Bhindi Masala (Okra cooked in spices) and Spicy Cheese Masal Dosa.  The Dosa was unbelievable, crispy-juicy-hearty-delicious. And Chili Naan, if you like spicy, this is something you don't want to miss.  We regretted so much not being able to finish all of the dishes but I had to fly back to California the next morning and could not take the leftover's back to the hotel.  The waiter (seemed to be an owner?) actually remembered us from our previous visit.  He specifically remembered my boss's preference for certain foods, this impressed us even more.  I am looking forward to eating at Passage To India when I get back to Charlotte.
5	Simply great quality, fresh food.  I'm originally from NY and I must say this Indian restaurant is great.  My wife had the chicken curry, I had the tikka masala.  We also had spinach naan and calamari.  We will visit again for sure.
5	We went there after seeing the reviews on Yelp while driving back from Washington DC. The staff was quite nice and waited for us till the time we decided.Food was great and tastier then we we expected. Chana masala and Naan was awesome.If you are looking for great taste food at low price, this is the place. Loved it!!
4	This is a really good restaurant.  Went here for lunch with my wife.  Didn't expect the buffet.  We tried it and it was delicious.  The only issue I have with the food was it was a little on the cold side.  As if their steam table wasn't working.  I know food is suppose to be kept at a certain temperature.  If the food was hotter I would have given this place 5 stars.  Indian cuisine is usually very spicy but their food is not as spicy as you would expect.  I will recommend this restaurant.
5	This place rocks,     I have taken many out of town guests here and they have all said the same thing, EXCELLENT !  and quite the surprise ! I have never had bad food from here,  once I did take out and they made my Chicken Tikka Masala  to spicy,, I called just to let them know the kitchen made a mistake,     THEY insisted on driving me over a fresh order ! ! !    I went back instead, ,  since I only live a few miles away.   MY fresh order was waiting on me,,  AND a few extra things !  :)  Im going tomorrow for take out !  Dang this made me hungry  LOL
5	A true gem in the University area. There have been other Indian restaurants in the area and none of them can compete with this one. For lunch they have a buffet with a number of dishes to suit any taste including vegan and vegetarian. The buffet is on a rotation so some of the dishes change from day to day. Since it is a buffet I think they do not make the food as spicy so many people can enjoy it. Be careful, the food is so good you may accidentally eat way too much. For food this good you may expect to pay a lot but two people can get the buffet for $15 (or $10 if you get the takeout special). If you are unsure what dishes you would enjoy, go for the weekend "brunch" buffet. It is larger than the weekday buffet and includes some of their other Asian dishes as well. I have gone for the lunch buffet many times and have never had problems with the food (except when they can't keep up!), it has never tasted bad or been cold. They also have a large dinner menu which you can preview on their website and they even deliver. Of course the dinner menu is more expensive but they give large portions. I usually order butter chicken, vegetable biryani, and naan for dinner and have enough leftovers for lunch and dinner the next day.The dining room is rather small, around 15 tables, so if you go during a peak time expect to wait (but it's worth it!). The decor is simple and tasteful and the place is always clean. The waiters are very attentive and polite.FInally a personal remark about the last time I was there... I used to go here at least once a week since I lived in the area. I have been away for a year and when we went back the other day the waiter remembered me! Even though I don't live as close as I used to I will go back as often as I can now that I'm back in Charlotte.I hope this review has been helpful and convinces you to try Passage to India. Great places like this deserve the support of their community!
3	Maybe a little more expensive than one would imagine...The lunch buffet is the way to go here. Delicious food though.
4	Good:buffet ~ 10 on weekendsnear IKEA
5	My first experience with Passage was through delivery.  My family ate every last bit of food that was delivered to our temporary corporate housing.  Personally, I had the tandoori platter and it was amazing.My second experience was on a Saturday with another family.  We absolutely got our money worth.  Everything on the buffet was great.  The fried cauliflower is perfection.I've been back several times with co-workers and everyone has had the  "we have to go back" comments.  5 stars.
5	There is no question, this is our favorite Indian buffet in Charlotte. The food is amazing and always very fresh. There are many options for vegetarians and non-veg (me). I don't know what it is about the University area and great Indian food, but this is definitely the best around. The malai kofta is always my favorite. Chicken tikka masala, paneer, tandoori chicken, fresh naan, and there's always something new to try. Fresh gulab jamun too for dessert which is delicious. We usually go to the lunch buffett on Saturday which is always slamming. It can be very crowded at times, just be patient, everyone is very friendly and just wants to get down with some good food, especially hungry college students!
4	Awesome Indian spot....  Small, but clean and all the food is hot and fresh.   Amazing quality and the best Indian lunch buffet I've ever had.  I try to go by here at least twice a month!
2	we decided to try Passage to India out during dinner time, which it's not very busy at all. When you first walk in the place, the curry smell hit your nasal right away. I order a mango lassi  which taste more like a dessert.  We got Samosa for appetizer, and  shrimp biryani, curry chicken, garlic naan and plain dosa for entree. Then the cheese ball and rice pudding for dessert.Overall, the food is ok not very impressed. I do love the garlic naan, which is crispy outside and soft inside. The price is a bit expensive for the amount of food. I probably wouldn't go back here again.
5	Good indian buffet at a reasonable price 9.99 usd + tax. Food is not too spicy and its in perfect taste. They refill everything and everytime when tray is emptied. Be ready to wait for sometime during week ends as this place is crowded mostly in week ends
5	On of the best indian food in charlotte. I love the food quality and price is v much affordable.
5	We were in Charlotte for a wedding and ended up going out later for dinner.  Even at 10pm there were people in the restaurant.  One of the parties was a group of 10.  The server was polite and patient.  My salty lassi was great.  We also had a lamb samosa-type appetizer that was fresh and tasty.  We tried the poori and naan, best poori ever.  Naan was good too but is always good!  Lamb vindaloo and chicken makhni (my go to dish) were perfect.  Too bad I don't live in Charlotte.
1	The service was okay, the lamb curry was salty. If they would stop staring at us eat, creepy. If had better Indian food for a cheaper price.
3	Food : 2.8Quality : 3Service : 2.8
4	Weekend lunch buffet is totally worth it, even though it's not extensive or overly ambitious. There is always enough to make me full and happy. There are at least 6-8 veg items, including rice, daal, Chinese fusion noodles, 2 curries, fried onions and a chaat bar. Their chutneys are good and plenty and the naan is refreshed often. The prices are very reasonable, less than $10/person for the buffet. The interior is small and crowded. If you are unlucky enough to get a table in the middle, expect the buffet line to wind next to your table. Don't wait to be presented with the bill; you might sit there for a while. Just head up to the register and tell him what you had and you'll get checked out a lot faster.
5	I expected a good meal, but got an Excellent one!
5	I've had Indian in London, in Germany, in California and this is hands down still my favorite Indian spot. The buffet is crowded for a reason; it is an excellent value. The buffet is around $7.Not only is the food great, the service is impeccable. I can't remember a time that I ever had an empty glass of water or an empty plate ready to be taken from the table for more than a minute. Food levels in the pans are also closely monitored by staff so they are never out of anything.It gets slammed at lunch so I usually come when they first open.When are we getting an Uptown location???
4	The food is wonderful.  Lunch buffets normally offer chicken tikka masala, a saag dish, a couple vegetable dishes, and a curry chicken.  Every now and then there is goat available and it is great! The meals are reasonably priced and  the portion sizes at dinner are generous.  The staff here is lovely and very welcoming.
5	I love this humble Indian restaurant! The service is excellent and their Tikka Masala (Paneer Makhani) is delicious. The waitstaff is amazing. They are very attentive and always remember what my husband and I order. My husband loves their lamb biryani. For us we have tried competitors and are always disappointed we didn't come to Passage to Indian. One request - please get a liquor license. However it speaks a lot to have such a popping place that doesn't serve booze. That means the food speaks for itself, right? They also do take out. Yum!
5	I love this place. The food is great and the service is wonderful. I am a vegan and they have a great menu selection.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. Nothing really went wrong, but I just felt like there was nothing to write home about.For starters, we got here around 8. No one asked us to be seated. We were awkwardly standing by the door between the little space that was around the cash counter. The attendants saw us, but walked by us, and we just stood there till the two parties in front of us who were waiting to pay their bill, were done. Then the guy asked us "can I help you?" Yeah, um, we're hungry and would like a table, please. "Table for two?"Then we were seated, but no one came by to take our drinks order or to give us the menu. I finally managed to catch someone's attention and asked for water. Then we got water, but still no menus. Repeat catching someone's attention to bring menus.We decided on our orders and I told the server we had a free dessert coupon from Yelp. He said that's fine. My boyfriend ordered the cheese masala dosa and I ordered the chicken Chettinad. The Chettinad was delicious (although next time I would ask for mild. If you are not used to the Indian spice levels, maybe you should ask for extra mild). Also, there was a LOT of it! The rice they brought with it was very nice and flavorful, with cumin seeds and green peas. Yumm! The cheese dosa was okay, IMO. It wasn't very thin or crispy and the "cheese" inside wasn't cheese, but paneer. For non-Indians, paneer is a type of cheese, but for Indians, paneer is paneer, not cheese. The dosa didn't have cheese, and I didn't enjoy it like I enjoy cheese dosa usually. My paneer-loving boyfriend was very happy though, so that's that. And the potatoes, although plentiful, lacked taste and flavor. The sambhar was just okay.We did get our free dessert though, one gulab jamun for each of us. Although even that took like 15 minutes to arrive, and I almost thought of passing off on the free dessert and just asking for the check, which then took another 10 minutes to arrive.
5	Amazing food and great service. This place is a real hidden treasure in the University City.
5	Awesome indian food! Finally a place I like. Awesome service, great prices, buffet & to-go lunch boxes are great! Owner Andy is a nice guy as are his wait staff. We drive a long way to eat here.
4	Delicious South Indian food....pay attention - the Mysore masala dosa is quite huge size for 1 person to eat alone. Idly was tasty as well. Sambhar nice and hot and so was the chutney - good. All in all a good dinner. Will be back here next time I am in Charlotte.
5	First timer today. Found them on yelp. Amazingly good! So happy to find it! As a chef if 20 yrs, I can be uber critical. I came for lunch buffet. Everything was fresh and delightful. Service very friendly. You surely can't beat the price either! Can't wait to come back again.
4	Pretty good food for the price they offer.  Lunch buffet is $6.99 per person all you can eat different type of curry. If you're a curry fanatic this is the place. This is my first Indian restaurant and so far I like it except for the strong curry smell.  Enjoy!!!
5	I got the chicken chettinad and it was awesome. I ordered spicy and the spice level was great, most places don't get the spice right in my opinion, they always go to light, Passage to India got it right! The fish fry was great, my boyfriend got the tandoori chicken and lived it! They just made repeat coustomers of us tonight!
5	Absolutely, positively, the BEST Indian restaurant in Charlotte!!What you get at Passage is more than just some of the tastiest Indian you've ever tried in your life. You also get a really unique atmosphere. As soon as you smell the cuisine from outside, you know it's on like freaking Donkey Kong man!!! If it's your first time, check out their lunch buffet. It's a little bit cheaper on the weekdays, but if it's the weekend, you'll get more variety. I find it difficult to try everything I want to try in one trip, sometimes two trips. It's seriously all good! You're going to want to try the Paneer Tikka Masala or Paneer Tikka Masalam as it is the best in town and the Onion Pakoras are fantastic too. Make sure you try a Mango Lassi to drink! If you're not as hungry, ask for a "lunchbox". It's only $4-$5 for naan, rice, and enough curry to make most anyone full.Passage is one of those few restaurants that if the place went out of business, you would be really depressed. It may also make you consider not moving if you live close by it. You may or may not be a fan the first time you go, but as I tell all my friends, go three times. It's something about that third time that will make you a fan for life!Also, ask for Andy the owner or Avito and they'll take care of you. By no means am I affiliated with PTI...just a super fan!
3	I had an offer for free desert, when I trued to redeem they gave reasons that you need to print it and didnt redeem it!!!They are hesitant to to redeem the coupon. Weekends are better than the weekdays.
2	I was kinda excited to have finally get to eat Indian food since moving from California a few months ago. Today, I've been craving for curry. I had the calamari and garlic naan, they were good. Then, I tried some of the Goat curry which was a little salty, the portions are a little small for the price. I had experienced better with more portions for the same price I paid here.
2	Food was cold/average. Service was okay. The owner himself was nice. Would not go back.
4	My boyfriend and I have been going here all throughout college. We started out going for dinner but only occasionally, because it's pretty pricey. Then one day we went for the buffet and now that's the only time we will go! It's pretty cheap and they have a great selection. It all tastes amazing to me and nothing is too spicy. The unlimited garlic naan is obviously one of the best parts.
4	Great Indian food.We had the lunch buffet, and to drink Masala tea and mango lassi.  The food was superb.  The buffet turnover was extremely high, with new food served every few minutes.  The vegetable biriyani, goat biriyani, tandoori chicken, tikka chicken, and chicken tikki masala were all great.  The naan was crispy and the gulab jamun was par for the course.  The tea was almost certainly not from a powder, and the mango lassi differed from what I was used to by having chopped pistachios in it.  The nuts added a sense of depth and texture I have not yet seen in other mango lassi.  The dessert bar had rice pudding along with a host of unrecognizable desserts.  Absent were the expected fruit cocktail, jello, and ice cream offered at "cheaper" buffets.  Instead there were interesting mixes of chick peas, almonds, and other presumably homemade desserts.  I will update this review once I try their dinner menu.Pros:- Inexpensive.  Lunch buffet for $10 a person is great.- Food is freshly made for a buffet and turnover is high.- Wait staff is friendly and keeps the drinks filled.Cons:- There were a lot of indian customers, which I take to be a sign that the food is legit and authentic.  However the wait staff did not have a set uniform or nametags.  They were for the most part dressed casually.  It was difficult to determine who worked for Passage to India and who was a customer.- After eating the lunch buffet, I had the worst food coma I've ever had post lunch.  The food here is heavy.  Be prepared to take a long afternoon nap after eating at Passage to India.
4	3.5.Food = 4Service = 3I'll rate a 4 to give the benefit of the doubt. The Indian food was pretty good. I was satisfied but it isn't the best I've had. I'll just lay it out there that I'm totally fine being the closed minded American eating Chicken Tikka Masala, and they did that pretty well with it. Service could have been a little quicker though. Also very reasonably priced which helped the rating.
4	I loved the buffet here! The food was good and full of flavor. I can't recall the names of anything I ate and I didn't eat the chicken dishes. They looked good but today was a meatless day. I really enjoyed the onions (I think they were fried?). The bread was fresh and definitely worth a try. The staff was friendly and courteous. Just as important, the food wasn't stale! That's usually an issue at buffets. I will be coming here again and will definitely pass the word to my friends, too.
4	Went for lunch on the Yelp recommendation. Lived up to the reputation: very good food, reasonable prices. Will definitely be back.
5	Great food, it's always fresh and flavorful. I also enjoy the lunch boxes very reasonably priced.  This is my favorite Indian restaurant in Charlotte!
5	Best Indian food I've tried!!  The first time I've tried Indian food was here and got addicted!!The prices are good and even the atmosphere is great. Love this place and recommend it to anyone who loves Indian food or wants to try it.
5	Best Indian food ever!! The staff are great (but very busy) & they always recognize us "regulars".
5	Excellent food and very friendly service! I got a lentil dish and my husband got goat tandoori and they were both delicious and full of flavor. They serve your meal family-style, which I think is fun. One word of warning: 'mild' 'medium' and 'spicy' are not quite comparable to Mexican food, and if you think you like hot, order medium! But to tame the heat, you can order a lassie (yogurt drink) or the waiter may feel sorry for you and bring you some yogurt sauce! Anyways, I highly recommend this restaurant. Happy eating!
4	A friend who notes this is her favorite Indian restaurant in Charlotte brought me here on an empty stomach which was filled before the main course came out. I ordered a bhindi dish (okra) with spices which was fantastic. Before that, had the crepes from the South Indian portion of the menu andthe spicy dal (lentil) soup, both of which were excellent. Sad I did not save room for dessert, but would love to try more menu items when I return to Charlotte. Check it out!
4	The food is delicious! The price for the buffet is great! I go once a week. I'm only giving it four stars because the restaurant is small and when its crowded, I feel like they rush you out the door. Plus when I order a water, I feel that the waitstaff becomes rude to me. I never drink soda. It's not that I'm trying to be cheap.
4	Always a great place to eat Indian food. The place doesn't look all that fancy but food is definitely one amongst the best in Charlotte. In the top 3 I would say. When it comes to top 3, it doesn't matter. They have a decent off buffet and buffet. They honored my free dessert via yelp as well. And he gave an extra dessert although it's one for table. I would suggest to try it out, but go early. Peak times are crowded...
4	Great Indian restaurant near the University. The decor is authentic, as is the food. I ordered the chicken marsala, and of course, the garlic naan! Every bite was delicious. To end, I had fried cheese balls in a sweet honey sauce. Although this may sound somewhat repulsive, it was everything but! You have to try it! The restaurant is fairly inexpensive and great for college students. Be sure to get there early, as it does fill up quickly.
5	It is cheap, taste great, and all you can eat. What else can you ask for?
5	I won't lie, me and Passage to India go way back. I used to live in Charlotte, and when I visit Charlotte:I always visit, my Mom, Dad, brother's, sisters, In-laws, and Passage to India. Some times all at the same time if I am lucky.Andy has done a great job, I know he has been there since 2011 at least, and he has come a long way, the first time I met Andy I believe it was at Bombay cuisine an upscale Indian restaurant that I never really ate at, I did some wholesale deliveries there. What Andy has done for Charlotte, was made the best Indian Buffet, and made it available to the masses. I am perfectly comfortable with the prices, and it is well worth paying the extra for the weekend buffet. I am always sure to stop by and visit him when I am in Charlotte.Things I like on the buffet:Gulab Jamon (Usually Weekend)Rice Pudding Chilli GobiGobi fish (Weekend)Tandoori ChickenButter Chickenanything NaanNot going to lie, I don't know all the dishes by name, but I eat it and love it. I remember another reviewer mentioning a paneer dish. Definitely need to get that on your plate too.I usually come for the lunch buffet, as I am more of a budget/binge Indian eater.
4	Absolutely delicious. Garlic naan was on point, as was the samosa chat and tandoori house platter. All reasonably priced. They grossly underestimated how long it would take for the food to be ready, but it was still worth the wait. I will definitely be back!
4	Very good choice for my first Indian restaurant in Charlotte.  The staff was attentive, helpful, and polite.  The restaurant is conveniently located near the university and residential area which I stayed near.  My food was hot and carefully packaged.  I hope they will have Indian style rice packaging versus the Chinese rice boxes in the future. Tee hee.  They have amazing prices so I got a good meal under $15.  I ordered the butter naan, chicken bhuna, carrot hawla, and got the gulab jamun with the yelp special for free.  The servings was enough for two people.  The carrot hawla needed more sugar and the gulab James was a little soggy but both still enjoyable. BI will come back.  It may be too tight to eat inside as business was steady and parking was tight too.
5	The food at a Passage to Indian is PHENOMENAL, it is my favorite Indian spot in Charlotte. Every dish is flavorful and fresh. Their buffet is first rate and very reasonably priced. At lunchtime, they are always packed to the gills. I definitely recommend eating there.
5	Lunch box. Do it. Your mouth will thank you. It's cheap. It's tasty. The only thing this place is missing is a drive through.
5	I lived near this place for 5 years and just checked it out 2 months ago. Since that time, I've visited 3 times because it is delicious. The buffet is fresh and sits well with my sensitive stomach. I would suggest this place to people who like Indian food.
5	For Indo-Chinese in Charlotte, this is place to go. We have ordered their Gobi Manchurian, Veg,Egg and Chihcken Fried Rice so many times, I am addicted now.Their delievery service is quick and efficient and food is great. Would love to try other food variety sometime soon!
4	If your not familiar with traditional Indian dishes, try the buffet during the afternoon. Hot and tasty traditional good at its best.
5	Amazing as always!!! Service is awesome and the 5 stars speaks for its-self!!! We will be back!!!!
4	I'm Indian and enjoyed it.   Masala tea was water downed but everything else was great.
5	I'm a regular at the Indian lunch buffets of south Charlotte, so I jumped at the chance to try one in the university area.  I'm glad I did.Not only was the food delicious and the service good, I got to try some dishes I had never had before.  One with grated paneer cheese and tomato sauce was very tasty.  A yogurt dish with garlic and a variety of savory spices was also excellent.  I meant to go back and find out the names of these dishes, but the place was packed, with a long line at the buffet when I was leaving and I didn't want to be in the way.I'll be back!
5	Ate here with some coworkers again lastnight, and again the food was flawless along with the service!!! I couldnt eat anymore I was so full!!! We are so happy we found this little gem!
5	Yes! Yes! Yes! Lunch buffet is everything I wanted and more!! We have ate here several times for dinner but this was my first lunch buffet here! And it was delicious! I also ordered the Mango Lassi which is a refreshing creamy drink with chopped nuts blended in. Perfect lunch spot!
4	Ordered here this afternoon (Delivery) was definitely quality food nice balance of spices unlike some Indian restaurant I have ordered from in the past where they feed to the misconception of indian food being purposely blazing hot.  Very professional attendants and food arrived precisely on time (50 mins).  I had ordered a plate of Lamb Biryani, Goat Vindaloo and some Butter Naan.  The only disappointment was that the food was a bit cold by the time it arrived, however it is a bit chilly outside today.  It would have been nice if the restaurant took measures to ensure the food remained hot by the time it reached.  All in all cant complain, I will definitely order again.
5	Some of the best food in Charlotte. The Indian food is very authentic. I HIGHLY recommend going during lunch hours, paying a flat fee, and enjoying the all-you-can-eat buffet. The chicken tikka masala is out of this world.The service is great, no complaints with the staff - the only issue is that you usually have to wait to be seated. It's a popular place, so there's typically a wait - especially for dinner.Dinner can get very pricey as they charge per dish, again I recommend going during lunchtime and just doing the buffet instead.Overall, this place is highly recommended. Give it a shot!
5	It was a good decent place.
4	4 for food. 3 for ambience. Not a fancy place but a weekday dinner was calm and peaceful. Food is really really tasty !!
4	As an absolute novice to Indian cuisine, I had always been a little hesitant to try it out because I wasn't sure I would be able to stomach the spices. Well, I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed the flavors and the dishes I ordered at Passage to India.I tried this place thanks to a suggestion of my best friend who works nearby and asked me to join her for a Friday evening dinner. Passage to India is situated in a tiny strip mall right down the street from UNCC (aka my alma mater, go 49ers!) and is quite small inside so the place can fill up quite quickly. I joined my friend around 6:30 p.m. and walked right in with no wait.For my beverage, I ordered the mango juice which was pure, delicious mango puree and the vegetable samosas as an appetizer. The samosas were brought out nice and hot and served with two different dipping sauces. One was green which had more of a cilantro flavor and the other was brown which was on the sweeter side. Forgive me, as I have no idea of the "official" names for the sauces.I didn't have the chance to look over their menu online before I visited so I relied on the knowledge and preferences of my friend to walk me through the menu possibilities. I would personally recommend checking out the online menu before you go because it can be a bit overwhelming especially if you're an Indian food newbie. I settled on the chicken tikka masala which is grilled chicken breast cooked with tomato creamy sauce and served with basmati rice. My friend ordered the tandoori chicken. I have to rave here: THEY WERE BOTH DELICIOUS. My taste buds were so relieved!Our waiters varied throughout our meal but all were so kind and accommodating and checked in to make sure we were satisfied with our meals. As a newly-minted Indian food fan, I am happy to have a place to recommend and cannot wait to come back to try their highly talked about lunch buffet.
5	Finding an Indian restaurant in my new city was on the top of my list. I found this place on a Saturday cold night and we couldn't just passed by, specially when u see so many good reviews on Yelp. We enjoyed the food so much, even my one year old who has been tasting Indian food since he was in mama's belly, enjoyed it so much. They made the Tikka Massala no spicy for him and still had that delicious Indian kick. It is not close to my place but I see myself driving just to keep trying the food at this place.
5	Always been my first choice when it comes to Indian food. I'm an Indian and have been to many Indian restaurants around Charlotte. So far nothing beats the consistent quality of their food. Love this place!
