4	Best Chinese restaurant on the West Island.I came here at least once per month, and was never disappointed. The food quality is really good, inexpensive, and the portion is huge (unlike some other restaurant, I'm looking at you Tong Por).The waiters are always very friendly and the service is fast, efficient, and food comes out of the kitchen really usually within 10 minutes after the order.
5	I was blown away by this restaurant.When I was told that we were having a family dinner at Maison Kam I was not expecting the food to be so good. You can imagine - The West Island is not quite known for having great Thai and Chinese restaurants. But Maison Kam is here to change that stereotype. The food is fresh and portions are huge for a group. Their General Tao chicken is good - not much batter, and nice chunks of white meat. Although the sauce is brown - and more sweet than spicy or tart. Almost like a BBQ sauce. Everything on the menu that we tried was great. Certainly somewhere I'm going to go to again.
4	Best Chinese food tasted anywhere in Montreal ever! Seriously. The egg rolls just tasted very fresh. The Beef & Broccoli was delicious, beef was tender, broccoli was firm. Special rice was full of delicious goodies including egg, mushroom onion and more. The General Tau Chicken was actually chicken with a little breading not breading with a little chicken. The ambiance and decor was a little to be desired but it was full on a Monday night.....if you want very good Chinese food, this is the place.
3	We have been gong to this Chinese restaurant , since it moved from the Cote Des Neiges area, the food is always top notch, and hot.Recently on the last two visits, the food is not coming out as hot as usual, and last time had to send it back.Don't go during the week, as they have less staff and it takes too long to get your order. recently we went back again, and waited over an hour for our meal, and it was one of their selected meals. It's a smaller place but the staff that serves should be changed, and not use the owners son, who has a bad attitude at times.
