3	For the life of me, I couldn't check into the location that Yelp had, so it showed this.  So lets hope it is and if not, oh well. For years, I literally avoided TGI Friday's because i had a boring experience there.  Yeah, I said boring.  The food was barely ok and the place was just dull.  Unfortunately that location burned down to the grown (Chandler location).When i was there I ordered the fried mac n cheese and I gotta say, i could make better mac n cheese with my eyes closed with no ingriedients.  Talk about bland.  This was the worst appetizer Ive ever had. That was then..So at this location, I had a total change of heart.  First off, TGI removed the nasty Mac N Cheese balls (good job!) and we ordered fried green beans.  Damn they were yummy!.   We got something else that was good.. Ohh yeah.. I remember.  I think it was shrimp or something.  I know, I don't remember.  But it was good too.I got their ever popular Jack Daniels BBQ burger.  This is a  burger that is nationwide known from TGI and I finally had it.  guess what?  It's a burger with BBQ sauce on it. Nothing to go to the press over, but it was just good.  Drinks were good and refills were always coming.  So over all, the food was good.Service was great.  We tend to all go out with a bunch of people, so Im always impressed when they handle a group of 8-10 people.  Nice work!
3	It's Fridays.Close to school, quick service and tasty food.Got the job done, but wouldn't go out of my way to come back.
2	TGIF is always my last resort kind of place. The food is meh...you get what you order and its obviously cooked by someone who's not a cook. The drinks are standard giving this place nothing special. Food quality below average to average.The service is slow and inacurrate. It never seems like they care about you giving service quality poor.The price is average. Not much to say about the price because it's mostly cheep, but so is the food. Value below average to average. Over all there's not much to say about TGIF. Definitely not worth going out of your way for or visiting when Phoenix has so much to offer. My advice to TGIF...do something big and unique and train your staff.
4	This location is no longer open
