1	The fame and popularity of being shown on Pawn Stars has gone to the owners head.  Since he has moved his shop down to Fremont St. he now targets tourist.  He has no loyalty to his local customers.  I have purchased many items from the shop when it was on Tenaya and now that they are on Fremont he has literally doubled all of his prices.  Every single item in that shop was half priced 6 months ago when they were still located on Tenaya.  He is trying to take advantage of tourist and has no ethics, morals, or loyalties.  He would rather make an extra $75 - $100 once than to keep a life long customer happy.  I asked about an item I had seen on Tenaya which the price was doubled on, and if they would still honor the old price, and was told "sorry, but the tourist are willing to pay any price we put on things so we cant help you out".  Bad business, and I would avoid it all all cost cause if you do happen to visit your going to extremely over pay for whatever you buy.
1	these guys including jeremy brown are complete rip offs. they owe me two thousand dollers on certified autographed base ball players including walter johnson. they sold items against my will and offered me 75 dollars then said they will pay me the $2000 they promised me. id beat all there asses as they are all pussys. but its against the law so im sueing them. we will see if the court can do anything. the bbb will be my next stop
3	As far as sports collector stores go, this place is A-OK. Rob was very informative and knowledgable. They are a small store but they have a decent variety of sport collectibles. My favorite was their Johnny Unitas and Archie cards, which were in amazing condition.
4	I love coming here just to see what they have.  Pretty good selection of old and new product.  They pretty much are always willing to open boxes if you want to buy packs. Don't just assume price as marked, I asked what price they can give me on a box prices had come down on, and they knocked off quite a bit. They usually don't bother repricing things too often, so just be respectful and they'll work with you. Also tons of vintage and memorabilia there. Better location for tourists with more things in the area, and they'll talk sports all day with you if you want. Definitely check it out, they have something for everyone.I don't agree with that 1* review.  I don't think Jeremy or his employees would say something like that.  Never had an issue with any of them, always good conversation, and always respectful and professional.All in all, this is a great place for locals and for visitors who need the sports card and memorabilia fix.
2	This place is ridiculously overpriced. Locals should have some sort of discount since they moved from another location from north Vegas.  I really don't know how they stay open. They have a good collection of auto's but the price is way to steep. Regular packs are priced about 20% over regular. This place really is for just high priced tourists who are too drunk to notice the price. Maybe that how they get they're business?
5	I was able to purchase some nice sharp singles from Topps Baseball 1959-1961.  The cards were in order, and priced not too bad.   I bundled a bunch together and did a little better.The store staff were very friendly, and talked a lot with me.  I will be back.
