5	I have been anxiously awaiting the opening of this restaurant, as I have lived in Japan and am always on the lookout for good Japanese food in addition to sushi.  Well I was not disappointed!  I was lucky enough to be their very first customer as today was their "soft" opening, and I came in just after they had opened the doors. In addition to offering a number of traditional Japanese Donburi dishes such as Katsu Don and Oyako Don, they also offer all-you-can eat sushi, but with a couple of important differences from other sushi bars here in Vegas.  First of all, if you are one of those people who only eat sushi rolls, you'll pay less than those of us who enjoy rolls and nigiri sushi.  At lunch the rolls-only price is $16.95, and the "full" price is $19.95. In addition to the sushi, the AYCE option includes a full list of items from the appetizer menu, including the BEST gyoza and shumai that I have eaten outside of Japan.  Both of these dishes are made from scratch, and the gyoza are prepared in the proper style: pan fried and steamed, NOT deep fried.  The shumai were stuffed with chicken and pork, and just the right amount of scallions. Another standout was the tempura, which included some excellent kobacha (Japanese pumpkin) as well as some tender shrimp. The tempura batter was light and not greasy, and even though I had to request the dipping sauce, I can excuse this as a first-day mistake.  The service was excellent, and my waiter was both friendly and helpful, and was very attentive to my needs.  As for the sushi, well, I can honestly say this is some of the best I have had in Las Vegas.  The nigiri portions were just the right size, and they did not skimp on the fish.  The tuna was soft and buttery and I know this will be one of the first items I order on future visits. I started by telling the chef I would have "Omakase" (chef's choice) and I was not disappointed.  I dined on the afore-mentioned tuna, as well as some excellent yellow tail, red snapper, shrimp, salmon, and mackerel, a fish I normally avoid due to its "fishy" taste.  This was not the case with their offering.  Most surprisingly, the squid and the octopus were both soft and tender, and not rubbery as usually is the case at most sushi places here in Las Vegas. As luck would have it, I was able to talk to the man who buys the seafood for this restaurant, and he told me that their fish and seafood came from as far away as Japan. In addition to the usual selection of fish, they also offered smoked salmon, something I passed on, as I am not a big fan of salmon in any form. Most of the sushi I ate was nigiri, but the eel roll I had was excellent, as the unagi was firm and not mushy, and was not drowning in sauce as happens in other sushi bars far too often!The restaurant (which used to house Pasta Shop Ristorante) is located only three mile from the Strip on the southwest corner of Eastern and Tropicana, and is well worth the price of a taxi ride if you are here from out of town and want to avoid the outrageous prices the sushi places on the Strip charge. The decor is simple at this point, but they've only just opened so I'm guessing the place will take on some additional decoration as time goes on.  There are plenty of seats at the sushi bar itself, and lots of comfortable booths as well. As of this writing they have not yet received their liquor license, but the owner assured me that it was in the works, and that they would be offering beer, sake, and wine as soon as the license comes through.And one final thing that should sell you on this gem, there is NO time limit on their all-you-can-eat option.  The owner told me he wants people to relax and enjoy their meal, and not feel rushed.  I was there for almost 90 minutes, and the owner more than once  said, "order some more, it's all you can eat!"By the way, the address listed here is the right street address, but it is located in Las Vegas (89121) NOT North Las Vegas!
4	Let me preface my entire review today by saying that Sushi Katsu is still on their soft opening phase and anything I say here could potentially change by their grand opening in two weeks.  Having said that, this new restaurant has a lot of potential and could be a great addition to the valley's ecosystem of ayce sushi joints.I came here on a Monday noon for ayce lunch and my experience is quite interesting to say the least.  It feels like I was going to a friend's house whose family happens to make great sushi and are inviting me to join them for lunch.  There's just this homey hospitable feel to going here as supposed to other established restaurants where all the employees have their dedicated tasks.In Sushi Katsu, the single wait staff was also the kitchen staff who made appetizers and reminds me of my grandma on her golden years, she'll just keep telling you to eat more and not be shy.  The sushi chefs were equally friendly and enthusiastic.  They were very interested in knowing what I thought of their food and how they compared to the other sushi places in town.I ordered omakase and entusted my palette to the chef who dutifully obliged.  I was able to sample all of the nigiri they had in stock, plus one roll that's not on the menu.  The fish were fresh, prepared skillfully, and tasted great!  The nigiri style here reminds me of Sushi on Rainbow in that it's purist and minimalist - only the fish on top of sushi rice with an appropriate portion of wasabi.  There's nothing wrong with pre-sauced nigiri, which when done properly is quite delicious, ie. Sakana's nigiri. However, you can appraise the fish quality much more accurately than if there's already sauce.  I also sampled the gyoza and shumai per the previous reviewer's recommendations and found them to be of excellent quality.  The miso soup and edamame I had we just ok.Last menu item worth mentioning is that you can get a single order of sashimi if you choose the $19.95 ayce option on their menu.  That sashimi was yummy, though I wish it had hamachi too!  It's just awesome that you can even order sashimi for that ayce price.  Btw, they have several ayce pricing tiers beyond the 16.95 and 19.95 mentioned in the reviews thus far.  Please see my uploaded pics.  Because this place is still in soft opening, I feel that it will be unfair for me to rank them against other established sushi places we have in Vegas.  Let me just say that Katsu isn't a complete restaurant yet, more like a work in progress.  Things are changing and there may not be total consistency yet.  From my perspective, I see the makings of a nice, new,  unpretentious ayce sushi restaurant and I'm rooting for them to succeed!
5	Great little hole in wall Sushi place.  Great Food, Fresh Fish, and a very friendly staff. PS.  This is the only place where you eat fresh Sushi, and rip the microphone with some Rick James Super Freak! (Karaoke)
5	This place is great!! Family owned. They have fresh fish and amazing roll with great prices.
4	Saw this across the way from the Walgreens Plaza and decided to stop in and try 'em out. The place is nice and clean but still puts off that hole-in-the-wall vibe. Regardless, it has a nice relaxed vibe to it and currently doesn't have too many customers during lunch; definitely to my liking haha. The lady who sat us was very nice and took care of us the entire time. She gave us a bunch of lunch options to choose from (ie. all care, lunch specials) , but the interesting part of Sushi Katsu was the way their AYCE options were structured. They have two AYCE options: A and B. The A option was the lower priced AYCE option and consisted only of rolled and hand roll sushi plus a limited appetizer menu ($16.95/lunch, $19.95/dinner). The B option boasted the bigger menu which included nigiri in addition to the rolled sushi and a expanded appetizer menu larger than the A option. So many options to consider but we ended up going with option A. Overall, the sushi was pretty good. Wasn't the freshest fish but I've definitely had worse. I am a fan of Katsu's crispy rolls (crispy albacore FTW) and the spicy tuna roll. Personally, I thought they could've dialed up the spicy a little more than they had it based on my high tolerance for all things spicy but it still came across well. Made sure to touch on a yellowtail roll and some salmon rolls for good measure and it didn't disappoint. Our waitress also hooked us up with some baked mussels that wasn't on the appetizer menu for option A and they came with a little bit of mayo and a touch of ikura. Again, not the freshest I've tasted, but I downed them pretty quickly nonetheless. Not too shabby, Sushi Katsu! The food was good and the service was even better. I will be back to follow up on option B and check out the nigiri offerings. Solid effort from Katsu; looking forward to the next outing.
1	This was my first and last visit to Sushi Katsu. I stopped by yesterday because their van parked out by the street has a sign which advertises they have clam chowder.Upon entering, I asked the manager, who took my order, if they make their ownchowder as I thought it was an unusual item for a sushi house. He assured me it was homemade, so I said ok, I'll try it as I love good chowder.   While I was waiting for my soup, I was looking at the fish at the sushi bar as I was thinking of ordering some sushi after my soup. I noticed some fish under plastic wrap in the glass cooler where they prepare sushi from. It was dated12-20-13. The date of my visit was 12-27-13!!!!!!!!!   I brought it to the attention of the sushi chef who was standing behind the sushi bar doing nothing as I was the only customer in the restaurant. He said "someone forgot to change it" and just looked the other way. He did not even look at it or try to verify that it was fresh.   At that point I decided I would not even consider eating sushi here as they had fish at the sushi bar that had been there at least a week!!!!!!!!!!! WTF???  Ok, so the manager comes out with my "clam chowder". It was so obviously fromCampbell's Chunky soup can that I asked him again if it was homemade. He said yes but that he didn't have the right pot to make it in............WTF???????????  After taking 3 spoon fulls I reached into my pocket and put down the money to payfor the "soup" and walked out.  Canned soup is unacceptable in a restaurant andI don't like being lied to. I also don't like seeing food in a restaurant that has a date of preparation a week old.   Although I usually just write reviews for restaurants I find exceptional,I feel it necessary to write this review as this was by far the worst restaurantexperience I can remember. The food was horrid, I was lied to, and I observed outdated food at the sushi bar. I now know why I was the only customer in the placeNEVER AGAIN.
5	Just stopped by for lunch special and had the 911 roll, level 10. Hooo weee they should rename it the 91run roll. The special spice is super hot!!! Friendly staff, and for under $7 lunch special, you can't beat that.
5	Came here with my cousin. I'm a big sushi fanatic so I thought we'd try out this place. Staff/employees were very friendly and professional. Did the all you can eat, of course. Saw a sign in the front of the store about getting free sake/beer with the "all you can eat". So we asked about it and got the sake & beer. Which was great, went well with the sushi.Ordered some seaweed salad & poke. Followed by a dragon roll & crunchy roll, loved it. Asked the sushi chef if he could make a special hand roll for me with any raw fish. Got a delicious hand roll with tuna & salmon w/ veggies.The guy who greeted us as we walked in recommended some things on the menu. Appetizers etc. We got miso soup & oyster shooters. The oyster shooters were really good & fresh. Overall, place was clean & the staff was cool. I'd definitely would go back again :)
5	Start off by saying WOW! I get great sushi in Cali at a high price. I had The all you can eat sushi $21.95 for Lunch with my friend. The place looked mediocre outside but stepping inside the staff was very friendly and made me feel right at home. Everyone greeted  us with smiles and then came the menu. Plain and simple but as I ordered and started to get the rolls and nigiri I realized this is now my new sushi home. Everything was delicious and made just right. I thought this level of sushi couldn't be found with all you can eat sushi at only $21.95. I was wrong.They asked me if I like spicy and of course I do. They offer two rolls 911 and Ninja roll with different levels of spice. 1 through 10 is what our server said we ordered 7 to be on the safe side of each roll. To my surprise they were delicious and very spicy made me sweat. Next time I might try the level 10. This is my new home for sushi I'm so glad is literally across the street from me. Five stars +++
1	They tried, they really did. This is a group of people that WANT to see you leave satisfied, you feel for them and want to see them succeed but everything just doesn't connect . First of all, they needed to hire an interior decorator. Walking into the place was an ordeal, they have this metal fence out front which I understand is for outside dining but just looks terrible. Then walking inside you experience this cold, office fluorescent lighting and tables and benches which reminds me of an old deli or, well, an office space from the early 90's.  The menu was confusing and disorganized to say the least as well.Food - The nigiri was good. We had a few choices: salmon, tuna and white. Good size pieces and good flavor. They had about 5 "special" roll options with about another 10 "standard" roll options. We had a few but the only memorable one was the Spicy Crunch roll. For these few positives, it doesn't make up for the rest of their follies. The problem is for the same price you can head to Yama, Sakana or even Sushi on Trop and have a WAY better experience and food quality. It was nice to see a sushi place on this side of town, we need it, and I was excited to try this place. Unfortunately, I feel it will fall victim as the rest of the startups around here and start sacrificing quality for quantity....As a final note, like I said in the beginning, these people are nice, they try to serve, but they need something to connect the dots and get someone in there that can help them succeed and change things around.
5	great food, nice people.  looking fwd. to returning.
1	I came here with a group of friends because they wanted to try something new and I said why not.  A few days later, I'm regretting my decision having tried this place unfortunately.FOOD-First of, I'm a big fan of sushi of all types but this by far was the worst experience I've had from a sushi stand point.  My friends and I order quite a bit of nigiri and each piece of fish was warmer than it should be to be considered "safe to eat."  The fish was supposed to be colder than it was but it wasn't and so it was very off-putting.  We had also ordered some oyster shooters and luckily those were cold.  Their options overall seem very short, not many choices for rolls or hand rolls and the overall size of the rolls were tiny (about 1.5 inches in diameter).  But it was the warm nigiri that got me sick two days later from eating it.  It wasn't fresh whatsoever and this is my biggest complaint of the restaurant.SERVICE-We had a large group so understandably, they would fall behind and credit to them for trying to keep up.  But when a waitress comes up to you and says to remind her what you ordered after you had initially placed an order, that's unacceptable.  There's a reason you have a pad of paper and that is to keep track of the orders.  Our food would come out 15-20 minutes after our initial order.  If they really want to do business with big groups, they need to prepare themselves better.AMBIANCE-It did feel like a traditional sushi restaurant.  The decor was bland, there was one big screen tv showing some PBS programming and the placement of the sushi bar itself from the rest of the tables seemed awkward.  The layout didn't seem to make sense to me and I'm not sure if that's due to them being fairly new or poor planning.  I will not be coming back to this restaurant, regardless of if my friends invite me to join them.  No offense guys, but I'd rather pay more for a reputable sushi experience than go to a cheap place and find myself nauseous a few days later.
3	I took some friends here last night, hoping to expose even more people to my favorite sushi spot, but I was really disappointed to learn that they no long offer all-you-can-eat Nigiri sushi!  They were nice enough to serve us nigiri last night, (even though it is no longer on the menu), but they let me know it would be the last time.  I can't tell you how disappointing this is for me.  Their rolls and kitchen menu items are outstanding, but not being able to get AYCE nigiri sushi means I won't be going back.  Don't get me wrong, if you are a "rolls only" person this is a great place to go, but for me this was like finding out that my favorite place for burgers and fries now serves only fries!  Sorry guys, I'll miss the great sushi and wonderful staff.
5	Great all you can eat sushi at reasonable prices! The friendly staff's commitment  to customer service is evident.
5	Great food and great service !! Friendly staff and good quality food. My in laws from Hawaii were very impressed :)
1	We came here for lunch last week.  We had a coupon we had purchased online and thought we'd try this place.  The visit started off badly when we arrived at the place and there was a handwritten sign saying that "All Groupons must have reservations", with a phone number listed.  So, we stood outside in the 100 degree Las Vegas heat and called for a reservation.  We were asked when we wanted to eat and my wife told them, we are standing outside and are here for lunch.  They told her the manager wasn't there and could we call a different phone number and talk to the manager?  So, we did.  Again, my wife asked if we could make a "reservation" and told the person on the phone that we were here for lunch.  He said is would be over in about 15 minutes.  Say what?  Not sure what his presence at the restaurant had to do with us eating lunch.  My wife asked, "Can we go inside and order".  Yes, you may.  Sheesh! So, in we went.  A nice lady promptly seated us as we were the only customers there as lunch time (a bad sign?).  We ordered a la carte sushi from the "Groupon Menu", huh?! We were quickly given water to drink.  About 10 minutes after we ordered, a young man showed up at our table with headphones on.  The manager perhaps?  Not sure, he didn't introduce himself, but he wanted to know about our coupon.  He took the coupon.So, after all of that, the sushi came out.  It seemed decent actually, but who wants to go through all of that to order a few sushi rolls?  This place will likely close within a couple of months due to bad reputation and no business.I feel bad for the waitress as she seemed nice and polite.I definitely would not come back.
1	Not surprised to see this place is closed- a little relieved.They had a Groupon up, so they were clearly hurting for business. Shit-talking your existing customers generally doesn't encourage more people to give you a try, either: see management's response to Paul G's review. That alone dropped my typical 3-star-mediocre rating to a bottom of the barrel single-star.Menu is small, not too many specialty rolls and even when you order them they are small. Take out seems to be a hassle for this location but dining in would take a century and a half.Fish is not the freshest and pricing is on par with places that have better quality. There are so many other places in the city that do sushi better and with more variety, sans an attitude problem.Good riddance.
4	Food was very delicious and service as amazing.
