5	Best and classiest comedy club in Vegas
5	We got slightly discounted tickets that ended up being about $45 each. The night we went, we had never heard of any of the comedians so we were a little worried but we figured Brad Garrett would get the best, especially in a new club. During the 2 hour show we saw 4 comedians. All but one were excellent. One guy really bombed. He had a really bad sense of humor and off-colored jokes that almost nobody laughed at. The other 3 guys were terrific--funny, high-energy. A few weeks ago we paid $36 for The Caveman and the guys we saw at BG's were funnier and it was a longer show.Wait staff and maitre d were super nice! We will go again!
5	Awesome.! When we first got into the theatre we had a tall gentlemen in front of us and an usher moved us to front row! Great seats! Lots of laughter! Super friendly waitresses! Made the first impression great, looking forward to setting more comedians here
2	I had high expectations for this club and attended a show for media night with Brad performing. On the positive side, LOVE the venue! Lots to look at and a comfy feel.On the downside, the comics weren't original and I heard the same off-color humor repeated. Brad has great stage presence and commands the room, but I found his set to be sub-standard. The show seems to be geared toward the generic male audience member and not the diverse crowd of tourists and locals that attend the shows.
5	Awesome, Loved every joke by all the comedians!  Would highly recommend this to anyone I know.
4	Gilbert Gottfried.  That's what brought us to BGCC.  My husband and I are closet fans and we had no other plans that night so it worked out.  It is downstairs where the monorail station, Fat Tuesdays is located.  I liked that the club had chairs & tables rather than theater seating.  Very intimate venue.  The waitresses are attentive and come right to your table for your drink order.  I believe they include a gratuity when you order something from them.All the comedians we saw we enjoyed.  When Gilbert came on, some people left.  Not their cup of tea I guess.  But I thought he was funny, and my husband and I still laugh at some of the stuff he said, so I say it was worth it.  After the show the comics are outside to take pics, sell CDs.  A fun, laid back evening for a change in Vegas.
5	I was a little weary about going to this show but boy was I wrong. Brad Garrett wasn't there but that's ok! Sam fedele was on instead and seriously the guy is HILARIOUS. He is a local in HB and was standing up at this club for a week. Vargas was also on stage. He is funny too but we really liked Sam more. We got discounted tickets for staying at the MGM too! Great show!! Will come again next time we are in Vegas.
2	Cramped space, steep prices on drinks (this is Vegas, I know), nothing special about the club, disappointing show.  I think it is  unreasonable to pay over $50/ticket when the comics aren't even that funny.  I'd rather go to Harrah's and get my money's worth.
2	Looks like a real old-school comedy club, very small, seating at tables, and a low stage with red velvet curtain. I didn't go when Brad Garrett was there, so we had a bunch of no name comedians who came up and preformed. Everyone who came up were really amateurs who jumped from joke to joke with no real momentum. They really overused curse words, which really watered down most of the jokes. Using the F-word really loud doesn't make for good comedy.I got two free tickets off MyVegas, so my 2 friends and I all split a third ticket for only $55. Went there on 2/13/13. My friends and I came a little late, so the host gave us a booth in the back, which was still pretty close as the place is pretty small. I just wanted a glass of water, but had to pay $6 for Fiji Water instead. I wouldn't really recommend going back to this comedy club unless your really drunk or just looking for a cheap show. It seemed like it was kind of a hit or miss place for comedians, but all of the people there my night were misses. If your going to go, get the two free tickets of MyVegas, drink a lot before you go, and don't have very high expectations. Can't really spend a whole night there, but it's something to do.
4	This place has look and feel of a classic comedy club and isn't so large that you'll need binoculars to see the stage. The drinks are expensive, even for Vegas, but if you can get discount tickets for the show it all works out and there's no drink minimum as far as I know. If you sit near the front you might become fodder for the show, and that makes it even better. Apparently the comedian from NJ had never seen a Florida State hat before. I enjoyed this place and would go back.
4	The first of three shows I had the pleasure of seeing on my recent visit to Vegas.Brad Garrett wasn't home but a slew of other great comedians were in the house and brought it down.  I wish I remembered the names of the comedians for our show because they were all wonderful.  Not a lot of cursing which I like, when the humor is good cursing isn't needed much.  The final act, a beautiful Mexican woman was outstanding and had a great take on how to make a marriage work and how to keep a man happy and I can say I totally agree with her decisions and plan to utilize them to the fullest.The atmosphere is dark and quaint, not too big.  There isn't a bad seat in the house and if you wind up in the front row be prepared for some fair picking.  Drinks are pricey at ~$12 a piece for a signature cocktail and watch out for the automatic gratuity added to the bill when cashing out.  We were a table of two and were surprised to see the automatic gratuity added to the bill.  it sounds like the experience here can vary depending on the performers and on my night they were out in full force.Great first show in Vegas and full of hilarity!
1	Worst comedy show in Vegas. Paid for the highest priced tickets available and was sat behind a pole next to a couple who paid half what we did just five minutes prior. When I asked the host if he had seated us correctly, he told us we were "late". (We had to wait to be seated so I guess we were seated late). Drinks were pricey for well liquor and what tasted like box wine,  but the worst part of this was the "comedians". Not one of them was funny! It was horrible. Based on the amount of money we spent, we sat through the first two acts and about 1/4 of the way through the third we finally couldn't take it anymore and left. We wasted over $150. Totally disappointed in this place. Better comedy club is The Improv at Harrahs - never disappoints.
4	We enjoyed out night here and would go back.  We thought despite the basement it was a nice venue (and comedy just seems seedier in a basement anyways, so it's all good!).  The staff are somewhat scantily clad (hello, it's Vegas ;) and they were friendly and timed the drinks well.  The comedians were a tad sketchy, crass and funny - so it was great!  The drinks were expensive, but again it is Vegas - so it's all good!  We would go back.
5	This was decently priced. I haven't heard of 2 of the 3 comics.  However they were all funny.  This is definitely worth the price, and time flew by while there.
3	I will return, service was good
5	*** Note Brad Garrett is not at the club every night***We visited the club on a nigh where Brad Garrett was hosting and had an amazing time. This is NOT the same family friendly Brad Garrett from Everybody loves Raymond, well its the same person but not the same comedy. He has all the crude comedy you would expect from a Vegas comedy club. The two comediennes that performed that night were also very funny and worth the visit. The show is more expensive on the nights where Brad is at the club but it is worth going.
4	Great show, awesome staff with a few surprise guests, def worth the price of admission. We planned out our show for a night that we knew Brad would be there and it was a very good choice. The club has booths along the back but most of the seating is limited to wooden chairs which could be uncomfortable after a few hours. The club is is in the basement of the MGM and you just get the feel of an old classic comedy club. The staff was very attentive, friendly and entertaining. They give you this little light at the table you can turn on when you need service which is great. Aside from popcorn they don't have any food options within the club so make sure you get something before you come in. Brad was hysterical, nothing seemed planned he was just interacting with the crowd and incorporating people in the front row into his act. If you don't feel like being teased don't sit in the front row, nothing is off limits. All kinds of legends of comedy randomly stop by and joke around when Brad is in town, which is pretty awesome. George Wallace popped by for a min and went off on some tangent about ghosts which was hilarious.
4	Brad Garrett is hysterical and if you are old you might pee your pants. I thought one of the other two comedians was funny too. They don't make you buy drinks like at most places. We purchased some wine and it wasn't awful but it wasn't good either it was just drinkable. They add the tip on so you don't have too. The only food they sell is pre made pop corn.
2	Very disappointing.  Kind of uncomfortable- he made fun of the audience-- crossed the line, and jest not really funny.  He is so talented and doesn't need to use shock value to entertain.
4	always a good night out at a good price
3	Classic comedy club set up and venue. We got hooked-up with good front seats, which was pretty cool. The guest comedians were decent, not bad, but not great. Drinks were mediocre. Overall, we had a ok time. For the price, I would not call this a "must stop", unless you have nothing else going on...
5	We had a ball here. Brad Garrett has this theater named for him in the "basement" of the MGM Grand. If you can't place the name, Brad Garrett was Ray Romano's older brother in the TV show, Everybody Loves Raymond.He doesn't perform every night, but we chose a night he would be there. He is hysterical - very off-color, so be warned and try to stay out of the front row. If you are in the front row, you're a target. He does offer consolation to the folks he abuses at the end by giving them t-shirts and hats from his show.There were two other comedians that also performed. Both have been on late night TV shows, but he overshadowed them tremendously.As for the theater, it was very nice. It is not set up like a traditional theater, but more like a night club. There are tables and booths adding more ambiance. The service was wonderful, and the prices were reasonable for being a theater in a hotel. We both enjoyed a couple of drinks (one on the house). We left happy and laughing!
4	Not the kind of show you want to bring your kids or patents to. If I wasn't so stressed out at being w my kids and mom and listening to this "naughty " type of humor, I probably would have enjoyed it. The theater is very nice. Waitresses very organized. Not recommended for families.
1	The worst experience of my life!! Run away...no seriously run. Burn your money pr give it to a homeless person. Both are a better use.
1	The worst experience ever.   Horrible staff, management as well as comedians.   Extremely unprofessional and horribly run.
1	Bought tickets to see Brad Garrett for my Birthday tonight from "Showtickets.com". The website NEVER listed that he would not be performing tonight. The comedians that performed were VERY vulgar and tasteless. If this is the theme of the comedians who perform there then it's safe to say Brad must be just as bad. We got up and walked out and management could careless. I liked him on the Raymond show though. Rep for "Showtickets.com" could careless about the bait and switch. Beware everyone.
1	.
5	My husband and I came here and had a great time!  The venue is small and there isn't a bad seat in the house!  The cocktail waitresses are great and the costumes are adorable!  They have cute hats!  Off topic, but seriously adorable!  We had a couple drinks, the prices are steep, but the drinks were good.  There were 3 comedians and they were very funny!  The show is not for the easily offended, but not over the line, either.  There is no food, save for gourmet popcorn, so eat first.  It is easily accessible from either the east valet or hotel valet.  We will definitely return!
3	Went on a Tuesday night and it was a really low energy crowd, 3/4 full. The MC and comics (one opener and a headliner) were funny guys. Brad Garrett was not there, we missed him by a week! Don't think you'll get half price tickets that week!One thing I'm not keen on is comedians drawing too much attention to the fact that it's a low energy crowd/ tough crowd. It can make them even tougher. Maybe mention it once but then keep working until your time's up. If you win the crowd over then wonderful but if it's not your night then it's hard to listen to. They're professional comics and they've been booked because they're presumably experienced and funny. They'll have dealt with shitty crowds on the way up.It's a hard job. Not everyone is gonna love you and sometimes the crowd are sleepy. To be honest, I was a bit weary and kept shutting my eyes during the headliner - I'm not blaming him though. I'd been travelling a long way. Pooped!Let's face it, at any comedy club unless all the acts are your faves or you're really pissed, there's a 50/50 chance of enjoying and laughing your tits off or having a terrible time. Check out the line up before you go and if you're not sure who's who look on YouTube - most comics have clips or showreels uploaded. That'll give you an indication of their style, and you might be more relaxed stepping in. Lastly, have a couple of drinks!
4	I'm reading the one/two star reviews and wondering if they really knew what they were getting into when they stepped inside. Mr. Garrett has his name on the club, but obviously he ain't going to be there every night. Most comics in Vegas are NOT going to be family friendly. Look at who's going be playing that night and do some research. You don't have to go in not having a clue what to expect and then be severely disappointed. Anyway, rant over. We lucked out on our Monday night show. Paul, the manager was super insanely nice and personally seated everybody that came in. Seemed like the place was 40% full for a slow Monday. The hostess was super friendly as well. I guess your experience (good or bad) depends on the comics. The opener/host was ok, the second comic was a tad hipster, but easy to follow. The headline act was a veteran comic with a polished set and a real pro. Next time in Vegas, we'll check who's scheduled at the club and maybe hit this place again.
4	We laughed a lot. Brad Garett was very funny. Don't heckle him, his is very good and heckling back. For the whole show. The other guys were very funny too. But for the price I would go to another club and see other comedians and save a few bucks.
5	First time seeing Brad Garrett and he is so worth it. We laughed so hard I was crying!! They are located at the MGM and they are near the entrance from the parking garage across the way from Haagen Das. This was the 2year Anniversary for them at MGM and it was sold out. They have booths, tables and chairs, bar with chairs and just chairs for seating. We sat in a booth and it was very comfortable and we could see the stage with no problem and did not get a crick in the neck!!On each table they had their menu for drinks etc that you would click a button it turns red to let the girl know you have an order or question and they were at your table in less than 2 min. The Girl was very nice and fast in her returns with our orders. Brad Garrett was the Host for the evening and was a riot. He also had two other comedians Tom McTigue and Danny Bevins. My group did not really know them but, they are doing stuff for HBO and have some movies coming out. They were very good as well.The club was very well kept and nice inside with Red Velvet curtains and red every where. With as many people in there it did not get hot at all.Well worth seeing. Brad Garrett is not there all the time but, you can go on the web site to see when he will be there but, the other comedians are great as well. We will be back
1	Jon Manfrellotti was the headliner and he was just an angry "comedian".  The crowd started off with less than typical energy, but instead of being a professional comedian and working to get the crowd on his side, he made fun of the crowd. This didn't put him in good graces. He tanked.  The more he bombed, the angrier he got with the crowd. What a negative tank spiral. I've never seen a professional comedian do so poorly.  Oh yeah, his openers were funny.
2	Get there 1 hour to 45 minutes early.Crowd is 45yr average, but a good mood.The show is very offensive and was funny in the moment but left a bad taste in my mouth. Trying to make the couple of ethnic people in the room say it is fine for white people to be racists is not cool. Brad needs to work harder on coming up with jokes that are genuinely funny and not just easy laughs.The first act was pretty funny with an awesome impression of rage against the machine.
4	Talent I'd heard of before, all of which were rather hilarious, and luckily a heckler-free crowd made for a fantastic experience.  I can't add much to the extensive reviews that are already posted, but watch the drink and snack prices.. pre-gaming recommended on this one.
4	Hi There,We went to the show on a week that Brad was there, as recommended by other folks on Yelp.  We had a great time.  I have not been to many comedy shows, but doesn't the headliner finish the show off.  To our surprise Brad started and then introduced the other two comedians.  I felt sorry for the second comedian, as he followed after Brad and was mediocre at best.  Brad was fabulous and we enjoyed ourselves.  For the same price we went to Steve Miller and Journey at the Mandalay Bay which was twice as long.  I guess that is vegas pricing for you.  Enjoy.CheersIan
4	I've been here twice and both times were an absolute blast. I have never met staff so eager to make you feel welcome and show you a good time. The talent has always been top notch. If you ever get the chance to see a show by Bob Zany please do! A price on the pricier side but worth it.
5	Such an intimate setting; it doesn't matter about the seating because there aren't any bad seats. Drinks were a little pricey (about $7 for a bottled beer) and we weren't allowed to bring in outside drinks. The ladies who greet you were polite and offered to store our drinks until the end of the show. They even put a napkin over the drink so it wouldn't collect dust. Talk about considerate people- I don't even do that for myself let alone a guest! The comedians were great and their skits were different from one another. I wish I could have seen Brad Garrett perform, but these were comp tickets so I really can't complain. I wish it was longer too! That hour and a half went by too fast. I definitely recommend this show, especially towards the end of your stay. Gives you a chance to enjoy your night without the crazy neon lights of Vegas.
4	A group of us from work went to the comedy show.  It was great and we had a lot of fun.  It was a great seating arrangement feeling like all of the seats were good within the club.  Each performer did a great job.We saw DOM IRRERA & DYLAN MANDLSOHN.
5	We went to the show this past weekend and had a blast!!! The show was amazing and could not have been better. The comics were energetic and refreshing. The service was very prompt and efficient. I would recommend the show to all.  Unfortunately, Brad was not there this night however, I would still recommend going. The entertainment is 5 star and they have a great drink menu! By the way this was my third time and I will be back. It has been consistently fabulous:)
5	Went to club 12/13/14 a Sunday night when Brad Garrett headlined with Michael Malone and a Cowboy comedian from TX ( can't recall name) Club is small with tight seating at tiny round two-seater tables.  Full bar with wine, beer and mixed drink options. No minimum. 3 pricing options with most expensive seats in first 7 rows. I sat in second section with good stage visibility. Go early because it's not reserved seating. Ushers will seat you according to your category purchased. Only snacks sold are $10/bag caramel or cheddar popcorn, not freshly popped and very small for price. Eat before you go.  Be forewarned - Garrett is NOT politically correct and is very adult content but he is hilarious and plays the audience very well as did the other billed comics. I say definite go as long as you are not easily offended by ethnic jokes and overt sexual content. After the show all three comics remain in the lobby for meet/greet/photo ops. Garrett bought a round of drinks for a couple married 42 yrs and distributed logo hats to those he picked on during his set at the end of the show. Very nice gesture.
1	Eeks! Me thinks not....is exactly right! We found Brad Garrett to be vulgar and not even funny!  If it weren't for Cowboy Bill, as the headliner, we would've walked out.  Brad Garrett ragged so much on the front row...we actually felt sorry for them... and the rest of the audience was quit literally was left out...Brad Garrett said it best, when he said that" ...the audience was pretty stupid to even come to his club...'there are at least 140 clubs on the strip... and you all decided to come here!!!!  Next time do your homework!!!...."   Oh don't worry about it... we will :/
5	We had an amazing time. I have not laughed that hard in so long. The staff was so helpful and on it. The atmosphere is so cool. Great drinks and food were great. Would definitely go again.
4	Brad Garrett wasn't there when we attended the show, but we didn't give it a second thought after the headliner that night, Tom Rhodes, got cracking.  He was fantastic!  Blistering deadpan humor as high art.  I had not laughed so hard or so much in years.  If I ever have a chance to see him again, I will jump at the chance.  Down side:  The drinks and popcorn are, as everything else in Vegas, overpriced, and the servers are  made to wear these tight little outfits that make Hooters waitresses look like nuns in comparison.  Since I'm a guy, that's not so much a complaint as it is an observation.  Adds to the overall decadent ambiance, consistent with the raunchy humor.  If you're easily offended, skip this show.  If you're looking for smart but unvarnished Vegas humor, this is the ticket.
