5	So far the hamachi kama is eggcelent, they have a  SAKE bar connected to the sushi bar. The decor is very nice and modern . Staff is eager to help and Jax and Tiffany are excellent hosts...the fat belly salmon nigiri was melt in your mouth like buttah goodness!!!! Even the cucumber sunomono was fantastically delicious and presentation was astounding!to be continued......
5	So so spectacular. Came in for happy hour alone and was treated like a VIP. I havent had service this great in a long time. Jax is an outstanding manager, I know the restaurant is new so theyre trying to get themselves out there but everything was above and beyond. The happy hour menu is great- $3 for 8oz hot sake. Had the edamame which was tossed in a sweet & salty togarashi, the Konpa cold app- salmon,hamachi,bellpepper,citrus,dehydratedapricots, tomatochips,jalapeno and almonds- YUM and only $6 on happy hour. Then had the Hotateyaki, the seared scallop dish with tomatillo,cauliflower and grapefruitgingermiso vinaigrette accented with beautiful edible flower petals. Also had some sort of green, creamy puree, SO DELICIOUS ! The chef himself came out and presented me with a little app he created, not on the menu with chilled watermelon cubes, red onion, basil or cilantro with a chilled light broth over it, also killer.Great new concept, not only for Vegas but anywhere, very attentive, friendly, knowledgeable staff, fantastic food, great atmosphere, excellent happy hour menu. Its in a weird location but very close to me. Ill be going at least once a week.
5	So my boyfriend and my best friend ate here, while I sat and watched (I dont like seafood). It was a little expensive, but they said it was totally worth it. Everything they had was delicious. The expressions on their face and the yummy sounds they were making said everything. I actually tried a very tiny piece if of the tuna collar and it was good. The staff here is extremely friendly, which always makes the experience even better! My boyfriend and best friend would like for me to tell everyone out there to come check out this place!
5	Sake bar, the sushi bar, or a table.* Amuse bouche - Fried creamy potato ball rolled in wheat noodles.  I was a bit disappointed that my version didn't come with ikura as I had seen other diners receive, but it was an interesting start to our meal.* Crispy Brussel Sprouts "brussel sprouts, lemon chili, mint, puffed rice" ($6) - This came out rather immediately and set the tone for the rest of the meal.  (The Husband had high hopes for this dish and the result would probably reflect how much we would enjoy the rest of our dinner.)  It was good...really good.  Yes, damn good.  It was a generous amount and we were loving it.  We were delighted.  * Crudo "sea bass, heirloom tomato, ikura, candied quinoa, lemon herb oil" ($12) - This next course took quite awhile to come out.  It wasn't as if they were cooking anything for it, but we were twiddling our thumbs waiting.  The presentation of this dish could be as to why the wait.  The candied quinoa is definitely different as its uncooked quinoa.  The Husband only wished he had more.* Takorizo "grilled japanese octopus, chorizo, melon, almonds, salsa verde, black olive oil" ($16) - Again, quite a wait for this dish too.  The octopus was warm, the melon was cool.  You need to take a bite of the chorizo, melon and octopus altogether to really appreciate the sweet and salty factor.* Hotateyaki "sea scallops, tomatillo, cauliflower, grapefruit-ginger-miso vinaigrette" ($13) - At this point, we realized we needed a fork and knife to cut down the food as chopsticks weren't cutting it.  (Plus, most items were served in quantities of five and we are all about sharing equally here!)  Another dish that requires you to get a piece of the scallop, tomatillo, and grapefruit segment all at once.* Compressed watermelon - This was a complimentary dish, again something I had seen served with big eye tuna for other diners.  It was soaked in fish sauce, but was quite refreshing. * Sake Orenji "atlantic salmon, orange supreme, yuzu tobiko, lemon oil, maldon" ($10) - It was among one of our favorites.  The salmon and orange segments were a bit large and needed to be cut down, but the sauce that it lay in along with the yuzu tobiko were delicious.  My only problem was that the tobiko would fall off the fish and into the sauce and I had to dig around to get every little morsel out.  The busboy wanted to clear my plate and I was definitely not done digging around!* Sakana Dore "fish of the day, bell pepper, zucchini chips, apple, micro greens, yuzu honey, tosaka seaweed" ($15) - We were told the fish of the day was albacore and Yonaka was the only place in the Valley that had fresh albacore versus frozen albacore.  The waitress said it came from Hawai'i, so we decided to order it.  However, it came out with salmon instead of albacore.  They ended up comping this dish for us while they made a new order with albacore.  You really need to get every component of the dish into your mouth to enjoy the food.  The yuzu honey was superb!* Sakana Dore "fish of the day, bell pepper, zucchini chips, apple, micro greens, yuzu honey, tosaka seaweed" ($15) - This time it came with albacore, but the Husband actually preferred the salmon version.  This version was a bit fishier, but still good nonetheless.  And we were happy to get more yuzu honey!* Shioyaki Saba "grilled norwegian mackerel, cucumber, lemon, parsley" ($5) - Considering they said the dishes were meant to be shared, the saba was one large piece of fish sitting on a bed of English cucumbers.  Thank goodness for our knife and fork because we needed to cut down the cucumbers to enjoy a piece with every bite of fish, which was just cooked perfectly.  We made a point of pulling the fish to the side so it didn't soak up the sauce too quickly.* Machitaki "yellowtail tataki, asparagus, yuca chips, tomato ginger puree, soy pudding" ($13) - This dish came highly recommended by our waitress and for good reason.  It was among one of my favorites.  The soy pudding wasn't exactly what I was expecting as its rather concentrated soy sauce and not soy like tofu.  Instead of asparagus, we got avocado, which tasted great anyway.* Chokoreto "lime, chocolate, mint, avocado" ($7) - A generous chocolate heavy dessert with chocolate cookie, chocolate cookie crumbles, chocolate torte/pudding, lime sorbet, and dots of mint and avocado sauce.  I think I could have used a bit more mint and avocado though.Service - Ashlee, our waitress, was great - attentive and relatively knowledgeable.  The busboys were bit overanxious with trying to clear our plates, twice reaching from behind me and over my shoulder.  Water glasses were filled very quickly though!  I thought the music was a little too loud.  (And no hot water in the restroom?)  Overall, beautiful presentation with foods jumping from savory to sweet to tangy.4.5 stars and only three weeks since it's been open.
5	Fusion better than your Ford hybrid.I am not usually one to appreciate Japanese-related fusion food, but after a stellar meal at Uchi in Austin, I know I can be open-minded when it comes to creative cuisine and good quality ingredients.  Service was really amazing.  My server Ashlee was very attentive, gave me great food suggestions, and made it easy for me to be a solo diner.The chefs in front of me were also great - I did not get any names but we had a cross-section of Asia with a Japanese female chef, a Thai male and a Filipino male.  I also met the executive chef, who is Filipino.I received a hot towel to prepare for the meal, and ordered a pot of hot green tea.The amuse bouche: king oyster mushroom "scallop" with yamaimo (mountain yam), raw okra slices, yuzu tobiko - a bit hard to pick up with chopsticks so I had to ask for a fork - the raw okra was awesome, and everyone knows I love a good yuzu...anything!Special dish from the chef: fresh (large) cubes of watermelon topped with cilantro, in a lime-fish sauce-coconut cold broth.  When I first tasted this, it exploded with Thai flavors and was more delicious that I expected it to be.  It was a nice gesture to receive this dish gratis.Appetizer: crispy brussel sprouts with lemon chili, mint and puffed rice.  I love brussel sprouts with crispy leaves (I make this at home with basalmic and olive oil) - these were different because they were halved, with some of the stem on, in a powerful citrus-y sauce that was deeeelicious.  I could probably make a meal off of this dish.  A MUST order.Nigiri: I ordered 3 pieces next, the shime saba (Norweigan mackerel) with ginger, scallion and lemon zest; hamachi (yellowtail) with jalepeno miso and cilantro leaf; and the gyutan (beef tongue with pesto).  The hamachi was good but not too fatty...sauce was tasty.  The saba was a star - perfectly cured and the flavor highlighted by the lemon zest.  The beef tongue was SO tender, it was glazed and in the shape on a rectangle, wrapped with a seaweed wrapper around the nigiri, topped with basil and pine nut puree. It was really unique and I would get it again.Sakana dore: fish of the day (tonight was choice between salmon and albacore and I chose salmon), apple slices, zucchini chips, bell pepper (yellow and red in long shreds), tosaka seaweed, micro greens, and yuzu honey.  The apples really tasted great with the yuzu honey, which was spiked with aji amarillo (yellow Peruvian chile pepper) and had quite a nice back heat to it.Next for my pre-dessert, I ordered uni, with candied quinoa and tamari.  The tamari is not necessary here because the uni is really some of the freshest I have ever seen or tasted.  I also hate quinoa but the candied nature added an interesting crunch.  I did not like the candied quinoa on my nigiri at Uchi either, but this was still a delicious bite of food.  Normally I end at uni, but I decided to go for dessert since I was doing a lot of tasting.  First, I asked the chef in front of me if I could try the mentaiko aioli served with the toro.  He happily obliged.  It was really delicious.For dessert, I ordered the avo hanimu.  The menu only says "avocado, lime, peanut, honey" and Ashlee gave me a brief description, but when I received it, it was HUGE and not at all what I expected.  It has these disks of lime curd? with a peanut-sugar crumble, lime "chips" that were like sugar glass, and then 2 textures of avocado - a frozen mousse and a sorbet.  The avocado was really tasty (I love a good avocado smoothie so bring it on as a dessert!) but the dish was a bit disjointed and I wish I had other people there to share it with me!When I was preparing to leave, Clint B. and his wife arrived and I told them to order the brussel sprouts.  Great ambiance, wonderful service, creative eats, and a lot more to try!
4	My food was so good I tried to suck the juices off of my chopsticks. It was that serious. I should be embarrassed but I'm not. Great atmosphere, calm, soothing, very laid back but not over the top fancy. We had great conversation with our server Bjorn and I'm pretty sure my boyfriend has a man crush on him... Anyways, the sushi was so good and fresh, the drinks were potent and delicious, the beef cooked on a hot rock was PERFECTION. The only issue I had was that the portions are more like tapas style. They're small and elegant and beautiful and I felt like a pig ordering so much food to fill me up. I will definitely be back.
5	What a novel idea (at least compared to the Strip)... a restaurant whose concept focuses on innovative and artistic food as opposed to the dining atmosphere. Dishes here are equal parts substance and style with ingredients that work together.Some combinations might seem odd, but most work brilliantly. And, they're not just a million random ingredients that are thrown together. You can actually taste how they benefit each dish.Lisa R. was heading out as I came in and she recommended some great dishes. The brussels sprouts are a must. I didn't think I'd find any better than the ones at Meat and Three but Yonaka's is tops. The hamachi were generously sliced and the jalapeno miso sauce gave it a unique touch. I've never been a big fan of uni, but the execution here, with it's candied quinoa, is good enough to turn many skeptics into fans.Teri C. raved about the sake orenji in her review so I had to try that. Yeah, it was just as amazing as she described it. Another must when dining here.The avocado nigiri was good, the agemaki roll (baby yellowtail, avocado, yuzu kosho, cilantro lightly battered into a tempura) was tasty and had an interesting profile as it had a bold flavor on the first bite, but finished bland. The watermelon cubes with cilantro and fish sauce was delicious -- another dish with a variety of discernible flavors in one bite.I finished with the Chokoreto ($7) - lime, chocolate, mint, avocado. It wasn't my favorite dessert but I appreciate the uniqueness of it. I could have done without the lime sorbet. I think this dish had too much going on with the textures and flavors. The chocolate crumbles and chocolate mousse (? -- or whatever it was) was amazing and if those two were the dominant flavors I would have loved it. Still, I cleaned the plate, so you know it wasn't bad.This place might be new but you can already tell it's going to be a hit. The Strip can keep its "vibe dining" with their music turned up to level 11 and all the douche bags it attracts. I'll take the thoughtful and creative food at Yonaka any day.4.5 Stars
5	My Japanese wife and I decided to give this place a try. She is very hard to please when it comes to her native food and this was one of the few in Vegas that stood up to the test. The service was premiere on par with places at 3 to 4 times the cost. The food was the best and the price was more then fair if not lower then I would expect for what we ordered. I have no issues giving them a 5 star review!
5	Beauty tastes like flowers and flaked salt, fresh fish and citrus with a hint of spice.  Beauty looks like the plates presented before me at Yonaka, each carefully crafted by chefs behind the counter or in the main kitchen.  I pictured each element being carefully placed, turned just so for presentation, for we eat with our eyes first, followed by the delicious scents right before we eat.  Yonaka does Japanese fusion justice, and off strip nonetheless.  What this restaurant provides is fulfillment for those who long for something different, something with just enough uniqueness to create a culinary adventure for one night.The ambiance is striking, especially the walls covered top to bottom with singular blocks of wood, carefully placed by hand over the course of weeks before opening day.  Every chair, every table and place setting is done just so, creating a sleek, natural setting for patrons to enjoy.  Their sushi bar is beautifully clean and minimalist.After being seated, our server immediately attended to our needs.  The entire service team was impeccable, ensuring our table was never cluttered or dirty.  Drinks flowed freely without asking and our food was prompt.We ate 21 courses at Yonaka, almost covering their entire menu, which is brief but has enough variety to keep you coming back for more.  Their happy hour menu along with their daily specials change constantly, which is comforting to me because it provides me more adventures when I stop in to eat again.  I won't name all the dishes we ate, but it took us 2 hours and several complimentary palette cleansers (fruits, sorbets, etc.).  Each course was an experience, from the foie gras nigiri to the beef tongue.  We had one roll, the Asian Pillow, that was simply divine.  Beet salad and beet fries started our evening off with a bang.  The chefs love to play with powders, drying of fruits, and various salts, all of which I respect and love.In the end, we ate a bold chocolate dessert that incorporated avocado, citrus sorbets, chocolate cake "crumbles", wafers, and ganache.  It was an explosion of flavors and textures that completed the evening perfectly.  In the end my tummy was overjoyed and I respectfully crumpled my cloth napkin on to the table to show my appreciation.I love places like Yonaka, where I can sit and enjoy each dish, where the servers are just as excited about the food they serve as the patrons will be, and the food is as delicious as they are beautiful.  Thank you, Yonaka, for bringing your love on a plate to fill our stomachs.  It brought a tear to my eye when the night ended, as I was moved by the rare display of passion that most places lack today.  I hope that your future is as beautiful, bright, and flavorful as the dishes that you serve.Please, I beg of you, dear reader--try this restaurant.  Do not be afraid of the unique qualities that this place brings.  Some people love it, some hate it, but I personally recommend this restaurant because it was one of the few that surprised me and tasted as wonderful as it was a beauty to behold.  Happy eating.
5	Pick two of the following: service, quality, or value. That would sum up how I felt about most restaurants, you could only get two of the above, never really all three. After visiting Yonaka, I swear they used some kind of alchemy. Maybe in the back of the kitchen they have a philosopher's stone churning out magic. That magic of theirs is putting out dehydrated this, compressed that, candied this and maintaining a clean presentation that has no "odour" of pretentiousness. What more can one ask for in off strip dining? Really, the only thing that could make the experience better is if they threw money at you. Chances are if that ever happened, it would be folded nicely in some origami. Is there an option to mark "Yes" for "Good for dates"? If your date is not a success after visiting Yonaka you're doing something wrong. If you're not convinced on visiting Yonaka yet, then let me tell you what I ate! The Crispy Brussels sprouts are a must get. The dish comes in a surprisingly generous portion and very clean flavors. Unless you really love edamame, or craving it I would pass on the grilled edamame. HOWEVER you would be crazy to pass on ordering the Sake Orenji and its tasty citrus flavors! I believe that its only $7 during happy hour too. Now the Wagyu ishiyaki was good, but a bit gimmicky, if you want something interactive then by all means go ahead. For me the stone cooled a bit quickly after about the 5th piece and took a bit longer to cook the delicious sliver of marbleized beef. The Pokuyaki is recommended, comes in large portions of Kurobata pork, complimented by a fennel puree, dehydrogenated fennel, sliced jalapenos and granny smith apples. Finally to desert (phew!), just take a look at it (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yonaka-modern-japanese-las-vegas#HbyoBxcqDscvxc9Zvway0A) if you don't want to try that, there must be an error in your DNA replications, or you're allergic to chocolate. I believe the happy hour starts at 11pm to close (around 2am?) with a decent amount of selection (SAKE ORENJI!), $3 Asahi draft, and wine.The only thing *I* would like to see from Yonaka in improvements is a better beer's list. They have the classic Japanese beers, but with craft beer booming in Japan there are lots of tasty options that could be added and pair well with a lot of their food.
5	A modern and elegant Japanese restaurant popping up at the intersection of Flamingo and Decatur was definitely unexpected. But here, Yonaka takes fusion and knocks it out of the park. Too often, Asian fusion takes a wrong turn (at least on my taste buds). But I could just die at the perfection of each and every dish served up here. Its beautiful to look at and even better to taste.I'll start by saying that I've left every meal feeling light and healthy. Nothing is overladen with fat, sodium or sauce and I've come to prefer eating my uncooked fish here over any other place in Vegas. Fusion or not, this place is the real deal. Top-quality fish and expertly sliced nigiri. We sampled the Toro, Salmon Belly, Saba, Hamachi, Hirame, Scallop and Beef Tongue. The Saba was a winner (I love my cured mackerel) but the Hamachi had to be my favorite flavored with jalapeno miso. The beef tongue wasn't my cup of tea. It seemed overly dry and had a slight jerky quality to it which only added to the oddness of it being served as nigiri.After that, it was all enjoyable again. We came late and ordered a the Konpa and Brussel Sprouts off the Happy Hour menu (Everyday 5-630 & 11-2). Those brussel sprouts are totally addicting and the innovative combination of salmon, yellowtail and apricots is news to me. Toss in some jalapenos and tomato chips and you've found the must order item on the HH menu (also available on the regular menu w/ a higher price tag). On the main menu, their take on crudo is perfection with candied quinoa. The tuna nicoise, machitaki, umi matsuri, and shirohana were all equally as fabulous. Next trip, I'm trying some of their hot items for sure!After all of that, I have to rave over the prices. Rave in positivity and gloriousness. As if the already low-prices weren't alluring enough, the HH menu is downright irresistible. Recherche, creative and artistic cuisine in a strip mall on Flamingo is as random as it gets. But as soon as you see the modern and minimalistic design of the interior, you will be impressed from first glance to final taste. Basically, everything is amazing. And needless to say, like everyone else I'm beyond fangirl-ing (or fanboy-ing for my male Yelpers) over Yonaka.
5	I decided to give Yonaka a try, even though I'm not a huge fan of raw fish.  Lucky for me, there are plenty of options on the menu for the sashimi-averse, and the raw fish offerings I did try were so different and delicious that I might just end up a convert.First, the ambience.  The interior design is smart and contemporary, without overdoing it.  A loop of music plays constantly, but not so loudly that it interferes with dining.  There are some really nice touches, like the wood-block wall, that give the dining room a casual elegance.I sat at the sushi bar and asked the staff what were the dishes that a lot of people seem to like, especially the Happy Hour items since the prices are so gosh darn reasonable.  The first recommendation was the crispy brussel sprouts, oft-mentioned in other reviews.  Yes, they are every bit as good as everyone reports, and this coming from someone who used to hate brussel sprouts.  I also tried the sake orenji, salmon w/oranges - fresh, clean, and delicious.  Executive Chef Ramir DeCastro has an uncanny knack for putting together flavors and ingredients that you would never think of combining, yet blend together for unique and delicious dishes.  At HH prices of $5 for the sprouts and $7 for the sake orenji, the Yonaka HH menu is some of the best bang-for-the-foodie-buck in Las Vegas.From the regular menu, a crazy-but-it-works (and how!) combination is the beef berry:  medium-rare beef medallions with strawberries, trumpet mushrooms, caramelized enoki mushrooms, and fennel.  Uh, fresh strawberries with beef??  But as nutty as it all might sound, the dish works!  In my three Yonaka visits, other knockout tapas were the beef tongue sliders, the uni (raw sea urchin, amazing freshness), and the ishiyaki (wagyu beef you cook yourself on a hot stone).  The only item I wasn't crazy about was the eel tempura with sweet potato chips.  The fried eel didn't have much flavor, and even seemed a bit dry (how does anything tempura end up dry?).  But the $6 cost of the dish was well worth it just for the sweet potato chips: the thinnest, crunchiest, and crispiest I've ever had.  My favorite from the specials menu was the foie gras sushi.  At this point, words fail me.  You simply have to try this exercise in decadent self-indulgence for yourself.  Just trust me when I say the foie gras melting on your tongue sparks an involuntary response of your eyeballs rolling back into your head.I also tried a couple of desserts, chokoreto and the ringo lico.  As much as I'm not a chocolate fan, I tried the chokoreto (lime, avocado, chocolate ganache, chocolate crumbles) just because by that point I was so blown away by Ramir DeCastro's inventive combinations that I was adventurous enough to try anything.  I loved everything, especially the chocolate ganache, except the chocolate crumbles, which were far too dry and bitter for me.  The ringo lico is more up my alley:  granny smith apple sorbet, grapefruit panna cotta, candied kumquats (only ingredient I don't like, but I just push them to the side), sugar-dried fennel, grapefruit supreme (grapefruit segments with the membrane removed), pistachios and pistachio butter.  How they sell it for $7 and still manage a profit is beyond me.  I'd pay $7 just for the little cube of grapefruit panna cotta.The staff gets an A+ for effort.  A lot of workplaces like to describe their staff as a team, which usually makes my eyes roll because it all seems a little too Self-Help Meets Fortune 500.  But at Yonaka, the staff really does work as a team.  They're putting in a heckuva lot of hours, far above and beyond, but they know that's what it will take to make a new restaurant a success.  I did find that sometimes the service can get a bit too casual, however, like when I saw on more than one occasion the server punching in an order a good 5+ minutes after taking it.  I was in no rush since I loved chatting with the staff at the sushi bar, but diners at the tables might get annoyed.Yonaka is smart, hip, contemporary, and all while avoiding pretentiousness or even a hint of attitude.  The menu is creative, the ingredients are first-rate, and everything they serve is done with passion and dedication.  There are countless restaurants in Las Vegas.  It's a tough to pick just one, but I think Yonaka just became my favorite.
5	I haven't written a review in a long time. I felt that this restaurant was so good that I had to say something about it. So much about Yonaka has already been written and elaborated on by so many Elites and distinguished Yelpers. That alone should be enough to get you bookmarking this place and planning your trip to Yonaka. We took two trips to Yonaka within just a few days because we couldn't get the thoughts of the amazing food, impeccable service and elegant decor out of our minds. I can safely say that, at this moment in time, my new favorite restaurant in Las Vegas is Yonaka.Its hard to break down my whole meal because our first ticket at Yonaka consisted of somewhere between 25-30 dishes. The dishes were all so good and went so fast that I didn't even get to take a picture of some of them. My favorite dishes to start off with at any Japanese restaurant are Tempura, Karaage and Hamachi/ Sake Kama. The Tempura dishes are served with a gelatinized dipping sauce and a nice finishing salt to preserve the crispy batter coating on the Tempura while you are eating it. The Ebi Kinoko was a new addition to the menu and has already become a new favorite for me. Yonaka does many dishes uniquely and has become the new standard to which I will gauge all other Japanese restaurants by.  On the second trip we ordered a replay of some of our favorites then I pointed at the board with all the special fish and said "I'll have two of everything on there." The Sushi was of the highest quality. Off the top of my head I can remember having the following: Aji, Hobo, Kiara, Kanpachi, Kinmedai, Shima Aji, Tennen Tai, Toro, Sake Toro. We also ordered the Seared Wagyu, Gyutan Beef, Foie Gras and Avocado Nigiri Sushi. Some of the Nigiri was served naked and some were either topped or accompanied with something that both complimented and highlighted the ingredients. The sushi rice is awesome. Each piece was an experience in its own.I have only tried two deserts, the Sorbets and Chokoretu. The Chokoretu is a brilliant combination of citrus, mint, chocolate and avocado. The Sorbet trio was b far my favorite. Blood Orange, Green Apple and Passion fruit. Each was good on their own, get to mixing them in different combinations for more fun on the tongue. Mix all three together for a fruit punch. I'll be back for the other deserts soon enough.The staff at Yonaka is a perfect example of how a restaurant is supposed to be managed. Tiffany and Jax are a pleasure to meet and talk to and always make you feel very welcomed while simultaneously keeping an eye out for every little detail. We have had the pleasure of being served by Michael, Rob and Joe. We were never left wanting for anything. The servers here are so knowledgeable. They can take a jumbled order and bring the food out in a way that makes the whole meal cohesive. Executive Chef Ramir DeCastro and Head Chef Toshi Yoshioka are performing a mix of old world magic and science in that kitchen. Their cooking techniques have so much visual appeal and will enchant your taste receptors.Yonaka Modern Japanese is an exciting dining experience. It truly is as good as it gets.
5	Yes for Yonaka.  This place is awesome, as other Yelpers have already said.  It was a Friday Night First with Mel C. and Chad S.; we knew we had to see what all the fuss was about, especially after Duchess Christina W. and Duke Arvin C. told us that they love it here.  Decor:  Modern Japanese, just like the name of the restaurant.  Beautiful wood accents, simple, and clean.  I liked that the tables had a hideaway for the menus--cool.Service:  Top-notch and attentive.  From the time we arrived to the time we left, the Yonaka staff were so personable.  Ashley and Michael waited on us and we met Jax and Tiffany, who I'm guessing are managers.  Jax came to our table and we name-dropped Christina and Arvin and that did the trick-hah.  Seriously, the staff always checked on us, cleared empty plates often, and refilled our glasses promptly.  Little things like bringing us hot towels at the beginning of the meal to wipe our hands to a couple of complimentary food items were nice touches.Food:  Delicious and artistic--the presentation of all the dishes was fabulous. We started with the Crispy Brussel Sprouts since that was recommended in almost all the previous reviews--who knew they could taste so good?  I loved the sauce and the crispy rice.Miso soup:  Nice and light, but I could have used a bit more salt.Grilled edamame:  Never had it grilled before, so it was different to have it warm, but I liked it.  They also had a nice little kick to them with the seasoning used.Sea Scallops on Hot Stone:  A tray of sea scallops was brought to the table along with a hot stone to cook them on.  The scallops kind of stuck to the stone at the beginning, so Chad and Mel just watched me try to finagle the scallops with my chopsticks.  Maybe the stone needs a little oil or something like that.  However, they were still good.  I needed a second stone because the first one got cold (cold stone, get it?) before I could finish cooking all of the scallops--there were quite a few!Shrimp Tempura hand roll:  This dish and the Brussel sprouts were on the happy hour menu.  I've had shrimp tempura rolls lots of times, but this was probably the best I've ever had.  Mel and Chad had some great looking fish dishes, but I cannot comment on those since I can't eat fish, just shellfish.  Overall, this was a lovely meal in an equally lovely atmosphere.  For a Friday night, it was pretty empty, but hopefully word will get out and others will find out how good it is because a business like this needs to stick around.  Try it; you'll like it.
5	I'm Mel C. and I approve this restaurant. Wow!  That's all I gots to say about Yonaka. So many great reviews here and it's not at all just hype. Yonaka delivers in all aspects from ambiance, location, service, presentation, and of course the food.  This has been bookmarked ever since I read Cathy L's review in January.  Also, the current Duke of Yonaka aka Arvin C and his beautiful wife C-Dub also recommended this place to us.  So it's set.  Me, Sugi, and T-Elite changed our original Friday night plans and headed here for dinner.  Best decision we made all week.  Yonaka is legit!!!-Food:  I enjoyed every dish that I had and when it comes to freshness, Yonaka is the "Duke of Freshness".  Their fish is even delivered straight from Japan.  I had their Horse Mackerel Nigiri, Yellow Tail Nigiri, Yellow Tail Hamachi, Yellow Tail Shashimi, Spicy Tuna Hand Roll, Asparagus w/rice crisp & spicy mustard, and their Spider Roll.  Come to think of it, this is a lot of food that I just ate for about $30.  Every dish is prepared and presented like a piece of art.  You have to check out the pictures to know exactly what I'm talking about. I don't think a review does the food any justice.  You just have to come by and check them out for yourself. -Service:  Woohoo! As good as it gets!  Jax and Tiffany were great.  Jax came to our table and explained everything to us, the history, about the food, etc.  Jax is such a darling.  How often do you go to a restaurant where the staff shakes your hand and introduces themselves to you?  Think about it for a second.  Here, they do exactly that. We even had two servers (Ashley and Mike) and they were both attentive.  One thing they do here at Yonaka is that they serve each of your dishes one at a time.  This means no crowded table full of empty plates and no food confusion.  I think they watch when you're about done with one of your dishes, then serve the next one.  Perfect timing here and I love it.  When we were done eating, Jax gave us her number so we can spread the word. I guess she knew we were all very satisfied. So many positives about this place.  Here's another one...it's close to the strip for you out of towners.  I think I could go broke eating here, but not because it's expensive. The prices are fair here.  I think I'd go broke because I could eat everything on this menu.  PS:  Yonaka...Can't wait!!!
5	Talk about living up too the HYPE and MOREEEE! I always pass by Yonaka everyday before work and afterwork. So had it on the radar then hearing more and more great reviews, oh my GOD the pictures get posted looked phenomenal, and even done too the decor. Friday night asian persuasion decided check it out on recommendation of the duke and duchess of Yonaka. Mahalos too Arvin and Christina. The place from the minute you step in blows you away with the interior design. The walls with wood whatever but really modern retro look, the tables (even have slot too hold the menu on the side of the table; REALLY now if that not modern what is?) and booths too chairs really nice and comfy, and the sushi bar although we Mel C, Terri R, and I sat on table look really nice. Jus the whole look of the restaurant looks like fine dining see on the strip but think Yonaka free standing restaurant is impressive too say the least.It doesn't with the decor but from the service our servers was the best started with Ashley and then Michael. They both were extremely knowledgable about the menu made some great recommendations that we all had and some ran out of room but UYE Duke and Duchess get the rest in!! The attention too detail was top notch constantly checking up but at the right times. Just super friendly staff that makes the evening experience that much more fun. The management very much present asking us questions and also giving us great recommendations (pointing out the specials of the day chalkboard; I miss I walk in really blown away by the decor). Never empty glass on our table. The Happy Hour forget the booze for food! Yonaka takes Happy Hour food too another level!! This stigma that cheaper price food. Yonaka is artwork on plate or even say picasso on plate. Seriously the amount of detail put into every dish HH or regular menu there is no difference. Refreshing. The prices are very reasonable for HH not just one or two things few things on the menu most under $10. The regular menu not so bad. I keep thinking that eating at fine dining establishment on the strip but yet got the bill not even close. The food gosh we just about order the kitchen sink and more. I did have the benefit of Mel and Terri on lent. LOL! I got whole karaage for myself! It was really good. I like the fact that not deep fried more saute and the sweet chili something type glaze combine with jalapenos and onions was awesome, The edamame was solid. I fan of ones not just boiled but saute or this case grilled get so much more flavor in every bite. The spicy tuna rolls not that spicy at all but loved it! Three per order for HH. Brussel Sprouts everyone raves about that staple everyone should get every visit. It refreshing dish. It just vegetables but still so good. I love the sauce served in or more vinaigrette. Soft shell crab was solid. I found it interesting that not come with wasabi or ginger (had too ask). It was tasty and liked maybe the chef was bored but spelled Yonaka on the plate! Yellow tail was really good. We had mixed berry that was good. I sure missed couple but everything was awesome! If not been too Yonaka yelpers need too GO!!!
5	Heard so much good things about this new Modern Japanese restaurant in the SW corner of Flamingo and Decatur, and after a late night fourth meal (aka CMYE after party) at Yonaka, I too am now a great fan and advocate.The cuisine served here truly is original, unique and refined.  The chef has combined traditional Japanese ingredients and techniques, with refreshing fruits, Western herbs and spices and flavors from SE Asia to dish up original culinary treats for your eyes and mouth.Traditional Japanese comfort food such as chicken karaage, is skillfully enhanced with jalapeno, mint, basil, onion and a fish sauce-based sauce. Salmon pairing with oranges. Not a huge culinary leap of innovation, but the presentation and taste combination is at least equal to those of restaurants with celebrity chefs billing, strong patrons followings and good reviews.Yonaka Modern Japanese is definitely going to cost you more than your typical AYCE sushi meal, but if you want to experience something different and still get your sushi fix, make Yonaka one of your final selection options.They also have Happy Hour from 5-6:30pm and again from 11pm to 2am.  Perfect for test driving their menu in the shallow end of the pool or diners that are looking for a light snack.Service:  4.5/5  The staff worked together to service the guests, so you are in good hands.Food:  4.5/5  The chefs definitely have put a lot of attention into all aspects of the dining experience. Plates of food served are all artfully plated (color, arrangement, height, etc.) with thoughtful pairing of quality ingredients, flavors, textures, smell.  Price:  4.5/5  For tapas, the prices seems high, until you see the portion size of the food served.Decor/Atmosphere:  5/5  Very modern, minimalistic interior design application, with well lit counter seating, which are perfect for photographing/Instagramming/Yelp photo blogging your food.Parking:  4/5  Not a huge parking lot, but seems to be sufficient for the businesses in this strip mall.5 stars.
3	Went here with friends on a Friday night. It was our first time. The inside is decorated really cool. There is a sushi bar and the rest of the restaurant are tables. The walls are decorated with 4x4 cubes its actually pretty cool looking.Everything on the menu is made for sharing except maybe the sushi orders. We ordered a lot of dishes. So I cant review every single one. But i felt like all the dishes had WAY too many ingredients. It was so much that i couldn't figure out what flavor I was supposed to be tasting. Most of the dishes were OK. I think my favorite was the Fois Gras sushi and the pork belly. The service was really nice but the food took a long time to come out. Probably because they had so many ingredients in each dish. I don't think i would return because it is quite expensive. Some of the food were good and some were not. It would cost too much to try everything on the menu. The bill was around $300 for 4 people. It was worth a try though.
5	The chef is quite talented judging from the limited things i got off of the specials and happy hour menu. Even Ray Charles can see why Christina and Arvin seem to be glued to this place. My phone's been acting up so i couldnt really take picture or make notes of what i ordered so going off of memory as best as i can. - Brussels Sprouts Slowly but surely i'm starting to see these micro cabbages pop up at more and more places which isnt a bad thing if cooked properly. Does Yonaka Modern Japanese know how to prepare and serve brussels sprouts? You bet your sweet ass they do!- something something oysterseh...cant remember the name possibly due to the fact that it was written in romanized japanese. Fresh oysters and quite refreshing with the yuzu and pickled shallots- Fresh UniI traded an oyster for a piece of Uni. I've had fresh like 10 minute ago the uni was in the ocean talking about pointy politics with it's other pointy uni friends before it was ripped from the ocean and thrown on the table just to be hacked open with a knife and hungry people going fingers deep to get it's buttery orange flesh. Anyway the shell is still suppose to move a bit even after you hack it open and all the ones that were served werent moving no more. They probably shocked it or read it parts of Twilight to get it to stop moving. Regardless...question is: Was it fresh? Answer: Yup!- Seasonal SorbetsWow..i can not for the life of me remember anything else...i know there were others but for the life of me i cant remember wtf we ate...I was given 3 flavors: Passion Fruit, Granny Smith Apple, Blood Orange. I should have just got as much Passion Fruit as i could get my hands on without being charged extra because it was the best one in my opinion. Blood orange came second, It was either Yuhi or Anthony but i agree that Blood Oranges arent exactly something i like. Pretty sure it was Yuhi now. But yeah Blood oranges have this bitter sourness to it kinda like grapefruit. The sorbet did a great job adding some MUCH needed sweetness to this otherwise bitter and sour fruit. The granny smith did nothing for me. Thought it was too tart. Eh....i'll write a better review next time. Not to self bring note pad next time.Yelp 100 - 013 of 100
3	When we first walked in to the restuarant we were impressed by the decor....simple, modern, and elegant.  The food is good but does not make up for its flaws.  Each dish has about 8 ingredients which overcomplicates the dish and also slows down the food from the kitchen.  The product is of great quality but still felt overpriced for the establishment.  We dined for almost two hours and stopped ordering food because we were tired of waiting for dishes.  The bill was $60 per person before tip and I went home and cooked food because I was still hungry.  If they simplified the food and lowered each dish by a few dollars I would go back.
5	After consulting a friend on Yelp, decided that this would be the spot for my first dinner this trip to Las Vegas . . . he was right . . . this place has it all.Started this the Crispy Brussel Sprout . . . the flavors and textures were unbelievable . . . I will never be able to eat plan brussel sprouts again.For my Main Course I settled for the Hotateyaki . . . since I really wanted the Takorizo, but was informed that due to the popularity of this dish, they were presently out . . . anyways . . . the scallops were cooked perfectly, the sauce, and the fruit made my taste buds dance like they have never done before.Desert was Ringo Lico . . . this mixure of sorbet, grapefruit, pistachios, and custard was a perfect ending to a wonderful evening.My only concern . . . by the next time I get to Las Vegas . . . I will need to make reservations, because this hidden gem, will not stay hidden for long.
3	Oh no, I feel real bad for giving only 3 stars when everyone here is raving about the food. I was so excited because the food shots here look uh-mazing.  So last night, we decided to try the food out.  I enjoyed the ambiance... just like their food, it had an edgy elegance and yet relaxed feel.  The food was presented beautifully, but unfortunately we had quibbles with each item.  Great stuff - beet fries and an apple berry palette cleanser.  The quibbles - the salmon toro sashimi was too cold, like it had to sit out longer from a freeze.  Not good :(.  The hamachi sushi had too much miso mixture that was very tart it just blew away the delicate hamachi.  The pokuyaki pork belly was... just that... seasoned fatty pork.  The other elements were all separate.  If you like eating a lot of fat, then this dish is for you.  The chicken kaarage was drenched in sauce.  My longing for some lightness and a little crispiness was lost in what I thought was a muddled flavor.  The brussel sprouts tasted good, but I think if you were to serve a deep fried item, you should serve it with other stuff.  Not on its own, and not as a starter to a group of hungry people having dinner at 9pm.  If not your evening just starts with too much grease.  The shrimp tempura was not great tempura, and was served with a marmalade and a side of salt.  Sorry, but this is not good fusion to me.And finally, the exquisite looking Chokoreto dessert had too much icky cookie crumb in ratio to the good chocolate mousse, and the ice cream on top?  Is lime.  Very sour ice cream on top of chocolate goodness.  It was not good :(.  I am no foodie expert, but these details in fusion cuisine cause a successful transition from the traditional Asian flavors, to Western yumminess.  And somehow, we left Yonaka with a reasonable but substantial bill feeling let down.
5	Disclaimer: this is not an all-you-can-eat sushi restaurant.  This is also not the place for you if you're short on time.Everything at Yonaka is modern from the food to the interior...except for the music from the 60's-70's (Beach Boys, Bee Gees, etc.).  Although the service was not 100% great (they forgot 2 items we ordered: got served complimentary dessert before our entrees came), the excellent food more than made up for it.  You had me at Foie Gras Nigiri!We got the toro sashimi, uni, wagyu, Asian Pillow (salmon, beets, shallots, lettuce, tomato, chili and walnut spring rolls), Pokuyaki (pork belly, granny smith apple slices, garlic chips and fennel with lemon shiso puree), Uni to Ikura (uni, ikura. fresh scallops and mushrooms with yuzu), Midnight roll (eel, salmon asparagus and jalapeno) and of course, Foie Gras Nigiri.  This was the perfect selection.  The fennel puree, yuzu and granny smith apples balance the richness of the uni, wagyu and pork belly.  The presentation was fabulous.  Everything was like art on a plate.  It was definitely a delightful experience.
5	Lordy Lordy Lordy.  Is this place amazing or what!  I am always up for a unique dining experience and this place just blew my mind!After this appeared on my radar, having seen my yelpster pals Misty Y, Lisa R, Tony T, Terry R and new friend Arvin C and all the reviews, I was raring to go!The tough thing about going to a restaurant with your hopes high, is that it is sure to be difficult to meet the standards that you create in your mind, going in already expecting a lot.1.  Location - Oddly located on the SouthWest corner of Decatur and Flamingo, near a tire outlet. Plenty of parking, easy to find.2.  Ambiance - Modern, clean, warm, good flow, a nice way to enter and go, okay, I am gonna like the place.3.  Service - The best!  From the greeter, to the server to even the owner Jax coming out to say hi, you immediately feel you have just been seated in a first class seat!.  I mentioned to Jax that Arvin C highly recommended this place and said hi and she was really cool and appreciates yelp.4.  Busy Factor - OK, you all need to go to this place NOW.  I went there on Saturday for a 6:30 dinner and it was not too busy. I can tell you, this place is gonna be swamped in the future, so go NOW.  They also have some "happy hour" specials where the food is cheaper.5.  FOOD!!! - So, you can imagine first of all, I eat basically everything, not fear factor stuff, but I enjoy great food. I was blown away regardless of my already high expectations.  My recommendation is to order from the appetizers, cool plates and hot plates to gain a new perspective on Japanese Food and exquisite dining.  Order from  all their specials too!a.  Grilled Edamame - I never had it grilled, only boiled and salted in the past. What a nice and delicate flavor!b.  Crispy Brussel Sprouts - What the heck, is this a brussel sprout or the most amazing vegetable dish that any carnivore would love!   If they made all veggie dishes like this, the cows would all be safe.c. Shioyaki Saba - A great mackerel, just right.d.  Kurudochikin - Fried Chicken with ikura and kabocha ginger. Watch out Col. Sanders!e.  Pokuyaki - Kurobuta pork belly. I am not sure if I was in love with the pork or the granny smith apple, dehydrated Fennel and puree or what, but man was my porky belly enjoying this puppy.f.  Ishiyaki - Now, I have had teppanyaki, teriyaki, shioyaki and my old favorite robatayaki, but never cooking on a stone.  We had the beef and it was delicate, and it was the perfect way to cook it.g.  Live uni - What the heck, I thought that the stuff served in sushi was already live, judging from how it wiggled and jiggled.  So when I was shown the live uni, I had to have it. And, most of my guests I was with are not uni lovers like I am, we were all amazed.  OK, amazed that they tried it, I really enjoyed it. Flavorful, light, delicate.  A great mixture of natural taste and great texture.  And, if you have never seen live uni, it comes in some freakin porcupine like shell thing and served with it, so it is also FUN.h.  Nana Iro - Ii am thinking, is this Grandma Iro??? Named a food after your nana?  Well it is Yellowtail.  And, it is served with grapefruit, avocado, tomatoes, fennel.  What an explosion of tastes for my little buds.i.  Iroha - OK, this is salmon.  I am not sure if I was more impressed with the salmon, or the candied quinoa,j.  Irodori - Big Eye Tuna - with fennel and pistachio no less.  My eyes were getting big too.k.  Dessert - I don't care if you are on a diet or what, order it and share. I don't even remember what I had, I stopped taking notes. l.  Price - Are you kidding me?  I feel like I just got the deal of the century. I would pay a lot more for this place, and now know that I have been overpaying at many other places!All I can say is that when you think of first class, of quality , this place is extraordinary when it comes to ambiance, quality of staff, freshness of food, and a savory otherness when it comes to texture and taste.  I am not sure what impressed me more, however, I believe the texture to me so outstanding that it far exceeded most of my experiences in life so far throughout 6 continents of traveling!
5	Easy 5 star late night spot!I am reviewing off the Happy Hour menu, since everything I ordered was HH and a steal at about $20 for all this food!  Happy Hour is everyday 5-630pm + 11pm-2am!The insides are very chic and clean, and service was great including management intros and individual dish details when they are placed on your table!  Even at 1130pm....High class service at cheap prices!  Great date night spot :)They brought out a surprise amuse for us, but my little guy ate it so fast I couldn't take a picture of it LOL.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yonaka-modern-japanese-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#PeQuMZ1m0oU0Z7ynmAx5YgIt was some sort of tomato and ginger I believe lol.Next up was the Grilled Edamame :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yonaka-modern-japanese-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#j44-Gn1LOSkmTLcqUXwBjQAnd Avocado Nigiri :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yonaka-modern-japanese-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#r-9Ejdlk9C1eakbrvz1zJAWhich were great versions of the classics. This is my Baby's go-to food, and he ate them all up!  Actually, he ate EVERY single thing here...he loves great tasting Japanese!The Sake Orenji came out next :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yonaka-modern-japanese-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#tsjmaUkTc2NVZu0-ajlE7gSalmon and oranges in a great sauce and garnish. It was very summery in taste with just a hint of spice. Good stuff!  I think this was the most spendy dish oh happy hour at only $7, but still worth it for sure!I think the highlight of the night was the Crispy Brussel Sprouts though!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yonaka-modern-japanese-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#TEMmqjR8-fZcDcWyDujkQAThese were the best way I have had them....with lemon, chili, mint, and puffed rice! The edges were burned with a nice char, and they had a very nice caramelization! I will be ordering these every time I come here!And last but not least, the Karaage : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yonaka-modern-japanese-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#i1e390goIk-di0_kTiljPQFried chicken, jalapeno, mint, basil, and onion! A great version of the classic...each bite was very tender and flavorful, with just a hint of spice!We will definitely be back! I wanted to try the Gyutan and Foie Gras nigiri, but had no more room! A great excuse to come back again soon!
5	I don't always write Yelp reviews but when I do, the place deserves it. If you're looking for an upgrade to your sushi dining experience that won't break the bank, this is the next place you need to eat at. I ate here for the first time last night (During the 11-2 happy hour). After my first plate (even though it was chicken) I couldn't wait to try more. All the fish was fresh and the flavor/texture combinations were unique and delicious. I ate: Karaage, Konpa and Hamachi Sashimi. I cannot wait to go back and will not be satisfied until I've had the whole menu. Also, we were a pretty big obnoxious late night crowd and the service was attentive and the chef seemed to turn out plates rather quickly. So kudos all around!
5	Definitely a cut above Ichiza and Kyara in my opinion.  The quality, atmosphere, and overall experience is much better at Yonaka.   If you're looking for a casual fare, then go to Ichiza.I hope business picks up as we went on a Friday night and were 1 of 3 tables at 7pm.  The food is modern, upscale, neo japanese fare.   This is not where you get your AYCE grade B-C sushi.All of the cold plates are perfectly crafted and balanced together for the perfect bite.  We especially liked the Sake Orenji and the brussel sprouts.  Be sure to also order off the daily specials menu.  We had a cold plate consisting of scallops, ikura, and uni.  We will definitely be back for the happy hour which takes place at 11 pm.  Most items are between 5 and 7 dollars - what a steal!
5	Food is about soul, but it is also passion and ambition and when you can translate that into what you present then you are onto something.We start off with a amuse of a compressed watermelon, with thai basil, pepper and a bit of fish sauce. Nice, fresh and herbaceous. We went during happy hour, but we ordered these off the new/specials menu and it was worth their price -Hotate Kinoko (Hokkaido sea scallops, cauliflower, morels, pistachio, grapefruit $16) - the scallops were nice sized and very fresh. I liked the texture play of this one and depending on what you combine together it can be like eating a different dish. Cauliflower, mushrooms and scallops is always a trifecta combo for me that I do at home so you see how that wins, then the pistachio and grapefruit wasn't expected, but made sense.Gyu Rame (wagyu, halibut cheek, orange supreme, peach herb puree and gelee fish sauce) The wagyu was really tender and went very well with the gelee fish sauce and the peach herb puree. I've never had halibut cheek, but it was much meatier than I expected, and went well with the puree. Nice take on surf and turf. Yuzu To Kaki (shigoku oyster, yuzu sorbet, pickled shallots, thai basil) - 3 small oysters, but top notch freshness and the toppings on it was perfect. I just wish there were 4 as splitting a 3rd was a bitch. These were off the Happy Hour ( 5-630pm, and 11pm-2am ), Crudo (japanese seabass, kumato, candied quinoa, ikura, lemon herb oil) - I liked the use of green varietal kumato tomato in this. There was jalapeno and I bit into a few that made it spicy. It was good with, but better without. The fish freshness and the ikura was really nice. Konpa (salmon, yellowtail, shallots, bellpepper, apricots, tomato chips, jalapeno) - the BF normally doesnt like salmon, but this place serves up some he likes. I like the bellpepper and tomato chips adding some crunch to it all! Sake Orenji (salmon, orange supreme, yuzu tobiko,sprouts) Since the crudos salmon as good we decided to get one of these. We love yuzu tobiko and it was the most sad game trying to get it to not drop in the sauce. There's a surprising spiciness with it which came through but nice with the citrusy. Crispy brussel sprouts - I love crispy sprouts and never get to cook them at home. This has the right amount of seasoning with the lemon chili and the rice puffs add just some extra crunch. Negi hama - really simple, but good staple that fills ya up and is comforting. Chicken karaage - if you like thai chili type sauce this is tossed in a more tangy version of that. I like it, but didn't love this one. I cracked myself up at a observation the BF made that was just so WRONG though in that he thought it smelled like....vaginas. We also got a palette cleanser somewhere between our courses of a fruit salad (strawberry, blueberry, apples with fish oil, fish sauce and microgreens. Interesting combo, but it's successful. Think about Asians who put fish paste on mangoes or salt on fruits. Same idea.Then desserts. We just grabbed a sorbet sampler. Today was strawberry, lemon and blood orange. The standout was the blood orange, the strawberry was good and the lemon was a slightly too acidic.The chef then sent us out one of the desserts since we missed yesterdays tasting, the Ringo Lico which had granny apple smith sorbet, panna cotta, pistachio butter, pistachios, fennel chip, dill chips,  kumquats. It was a lot going on, but I liked the aspect of the panna cotta with the pistachio butter, or the pistachio butter with the sorbet and fennel/dill on it separate, but not together. Overall I think the food is exciting and bright and things I like. There was a repeating theme of citrus fruits in things we had being a bit heavy. Some items didn't say it would have it and it was in the dish.  I guess I got my Vit C today? Since people will be doing some form of courses, just a thought it might become one noted to be used so much.Service was very attentive, talkative and earnest. The manager came up and asked how it was going and asked how we heard about them and introduced herself. Our servers asked for feedback on their newest dishes and what we thought was successful about it, etc. This is not a fast dining place. They like to pace you out, bring you a dish so you can focus just on that and not have hot plates go cold or cold plates go room temp trying to go through it. In ways made me appreciate each dish, but maybe they could have tried to shorten the gaps in between just because it was 2am when we were done with dinner and tomorrow was a work day. It's one of those places that can be trouble as I want to order all the things. The quality, the plating and flavor felt much more expensive than what it was. . Ambitious food, earnest staff and doing a little bit extra to make the experience, it deserved 5 stars off the bat which I normally reserve after repeat visits. Yes, this is a Yelperazzi cult favorite for a reason.
4	Earl and I finally made it for  the happy hour on a Friday, since we were in the vicinity.  We got there right at 5:30pm, so we were trying to place our order as quickly as possible.  Our server Michael took the time to explain their popular items on the HH menu, and about Yonaka.  Though, I already did my homework by checking on Christina W's review for hot items.  We enjoyed everything we ordered, but our favorite is the wagyu beef tongue sliders.  The buns were made of rice, and it was almost perfect.  Just needed a touch of salt and it would be.  By far, the most interesting sliders I ever had.  When HH was over, Earl was looking for this item on the regular menu because he wanted to order more.  Another one of our favorites is the  grilled norwegian mackerel with cucumber, lemon and parsely.  The beet fries were pretty good too. We ended the meal with the assortment of sorbet, and you can definitely tell that they were freshly made.  The only complaint I have is the garnish (meant to be consumed?) were not as fresh as the sorbet itself.  The strawberry that was used to garnish the strawberry sorbet tasted bitter.  The apple garnish was dry.Overall, the experience was great, and I am definitely a fan of Yonaka.  Decor is beautiful, and staff is wonderful.
5	This restaurant is a hidden gem, and I urge all sushi lovers to experience it.  As someone who is part of the service industry, not only do I appreciate good service, but I really appreciate good service with a genuinely positive attitude.  The servers and manager are helpful and happy to serve you.  I can't count how many times I have been to higher end restaurants where you have service from people that seem like they don't even care to be working at that moment.The food... I would describe in general as clean, colorful, and having intense and unique flavor combinations.  As unique as some of the the dishes' may be, the ingredients work very well together, they are never overwhelming.  Each dish is delicate, butt he portions are big as well.The standouts for me were the karaage for appetizer.  It's fried, but lightly.  Those onions, I love that touch!  We ordered this several times for the table.For entrees, the sea bass with heirloom tomatoes won my heart.  Call me crazy, I didn't know sea bass sushi existed.  I have never had a dish like this in my life, clean simple flavors.We didn't order a desert, but a fruit salad was given to us at the end. with.  It had blueberries and apple with a fish base sauce.  Quite a nice ending to our meal.5 stars!!! woot woooot
5	What a find! A few Yelpers had been checking-in to this place rapid fire a couple of months ago when it first opened, so not wanting to miss out, I took a friend and went to investigate. And then I thought my investigation could use a little more research, so I went back a few more times. Findings: creative food, great ambience and friendly staff. Ding, ding, ding we have a winner!Yonaka is a bit off the beaten path at Flamingo and Decatur in a generic looking strip mall, if you could even call it that. A real diamond in the rough, it's pretty unassuming until you step inside and are kind of transported to another dimension. The restaurant is modern and Japanese in design with this awesome wood tiled wall, clean lines, and minimalist decor. I know it's a weird thing to comment on, but even the (ladies) bathroom is nice! The sink is on this cool bamboo-ish platform and they offer nice hand soap in a decorative pump-not one of those generic plastic boxes that sit on a wall that someone always forgets to fill up. The food is an eclectic mix of Japanese inspired tapas that are creative without being pretentious (i.e. essence of foam nonsense). Some favorites that I've enjoyed here are the sake orenji, fatty tuna, grilled edamame and brussels sprouts. I'm still on the fence about the karaage-the first time I had it I didn't care for it because the texture wasn't as crisp as I was expecting, however the second time, really great flavors jumped out at me, so I'd probably order again to give a final judgement. They have an excellent happy hour featuring some of the above as well as a daily specials menu with some of the most creative combinations and platings you'll experience in town. The dining experience here really is something special! If you're not an adventurous eater, this might not be the place for you as the dishes here are a little off the wall (in a good way), and being open minded about combinations like cauliflower and grapefruit is a must. The staff is friendly and helpful about answering any menu questions and always happy to give a recommendation. It's one of those places that really makes you upset when you go to another restaurant with piss poor service that is considerably more expensive than Yonaka.Yonaka could easily become a weekly habit for me. The detail that is put into everything, says to me that this is a place that takes pride in everything that it does. And who doesn't want to dine at a place like that?
5	Excellent fusion of flavors and taste of exactly the name of the restaurant, "modern." The staff was very friendly, but the lady manager was very informative in describing the details of dishes. Our best was the Chicken Karaage and Foie Gras Nigiri special. The quality of seafood was superior except for the Sake Orenji. Uni sashimi was fresh and excellent in taste.  Definitely, we will go back for this tapas like of new japanese flavors! This restaurant is for young and middle age to enjoy each other's company with enthusiasm.
5	Woohoo is correct! This is by far the best sushi place we have ever eaten at. It is very clean and the service is great. The food is so imaginative. These were new and exciting flavor profiles. The very best dish we had was on the Special menu. It was called Iroha and was hands down the best thing I have ever tasted in my life. So many textures and flavors! Another great surprise was dessert. Who eats dessert at a sushi joint? Well now I do. We had th Chokotero. Sounded weird but OMG it was amazing!Good bye Blue Ribbon. I have found a new love!
5	An awesome experience from beginning to end. We had the omakase and everything was right on point. Fresh, great quality ingredients, very flavorful. Unfortunately I don't remember a lot of the names but I do remember the amazing foie gras!Tiffany took care of us at the bar and we couldn't have had a better experience. Very knowledgeable about the food, on point with her sake recommendations and we never had an empty beer glass the entire evening.
5	Yonaka is impeccable and blew my taste buds away.  This items on the menu where unfamiliar to me and I would not have tried any of them if it weren't for the recommendations from the servers or my friend ordering for the table.First, everyone that works there (servers, chefs, hostess) were absolutely amazing and they all have such a happy and welcoming attitude.  They consistently check up on you making sure we are not only enjoying ourselves but enjoying the wonderful tasting food.Now, about the food...I was really amazed how the precise of flavors were all blended together to create the perfect bite.  I recommend tasting:-Karraage (fried chicken & love the taste of their onions that goes along with it) -Machitaki -Crudo -Hamachi Kama -Sliders (during happy hour)..Unfortunately, there were other dishes that we ordered & I dont remember the name, but I am sure everything that is on the menu will be AMAZING. :) Overall, I am so pleased with my experience at Yonaka, the taste of their food and service that they provide is very upscale.
5	Awesome twist on Tapas style.  I loved the flavor adventure I had at Yonaka, everything was very delicious.  The service was excellent, we received the food in a timely manner and the servers were very friendly and informative.  I think that wasabi and ginger should be served with the sushi rolls, that is my only "gripe".  I highly recommend Yonaka to anyone looking for flavor outside the norm.
5	This place blew me away, and I am not easily blown away. The price is incredibly reasonable for the quality and freshness. You can tell they put a lot if time into each dish, making sure the flavors go well together. The best piece of advice was to get every component on the plate into one bite in order to taste it all together, which made such a difference! Don't be put off by slow service. We were there on a Saturday and it took quite a while for them to get our order, but once they did, the kitchen was pretty quick and the food was worth the wait. I can tell from the fact that other reviewers wrote whole novels on this place, I don't need to say much more. What would make this place over the top for me is if they would use sustainable seafood, especially the salmon, and to try to source herbs and things locally as there are plenty of small farms in and out of the city that would be able to provide.
5	Thank you Lydia N for introducing me to this new Japanese restaurant concept that is just amazing. Not only is the food exotic, attractive and taste good, but the service was outstanding. While I don't remember the exact names of everything, i will do my best to describe what I had in lay terms. The fried chicken appetizer thingy was excellent. An excellent combination of differences spices and sauce mad this dish one of my favorites. The pork belly sliders were also amazing. We had some other dishes as well but I can't honestly remember what they were called as it has been a few days and the Asahi Dark kind of clouded my memory. Oh, the Asahi Dark was excellent by the way. It's a dark lager which is kind of like the Japanese version of Negro Modelo which is my favorite Mexican beer. Definitely looking forward to coming back here, especially during their happy hour kicks ass also.
5	Yes it is five stars without 5 star prices... but its not exactly cheap. Excellent menu, great food, and amazing presentation and service. I'm not one to get excited and throw out four or five stars.  Go here. Anything you get will be pleasing. I loved the nigiri, and spicy tuna was not simple like most places.
1	I won't be going back. As a person of Japanese descent I was offended when I pronounced the items properly and my waiter didn't understand me and "corrected" me re-saying the word with a very American/English pronunciation. My friend and I ordered about 8 different tapas which they brought out all at once, our table was so crowded and the manager had told us that they were a very new restaurant and asked for suggestions or comments. I told her that I felt the plates were too big for the table since we had no room. Instead of saying to the affect of noted or thank you, she says to us well the plates are meant to be ordered one at a time so that they can be focused on one by one, to which I said I understand that but as a foodie I like a blend of various flavors or how about if they know that plates should be focused on one by one how about you only bring the table one or two plates at a time till we finish and then bring us the new dishes as we finish them. How dare they ask me for an opinion or comment then tell me something like that. I asked for green tea and was served mugicha (barley tea) which is fine but if for example I order a hamburger and you serve me a tofu burger it's two DIFFERENT things, my waiter didn't know the difference, yet he told us how he lived in Japan for years. I realize this is "modern" fusion food but I only liked one item out of 8 we ordered. Yonaka means midnight as in 0000 hour, blank slate, beginning of something new. Personal opinion: was not my kind of fusion or restaurant.
2	I thought the food was excellent, but unfortunately the service was lacking.Serving of the food was super slow,and i was afraid to order another dish, because it might take 30 min for 1 dish of watermelon with tuna. When i took a peak of the kitchen, i saw that the cooks was not in a rush to make plates, but have plenty of time to talk with servers. Hopefully they will get their act together in 6 mo. I might go back.It ashame to have good food but very slow service. At this rate they wont make any profit.
5	This place is amazing. Everything was so good. The food was very flavorful and so creative. The way they treat the food and transform it is amazing and its so delicous. If your a foodie and you apreciate good food come here. And i love the whole tapas idea because you get to try a variety of food. I wish i would have came here sooner and cant wait to go agian.  Its a little pricey but so worth it go during happy take advantage of the happy hour. I didnt have anything i didnt like. The fish was fresh and very tasty everything was lol this is a must try 10 thumbs up. And staff was very friendly. :)
3	Maybe my expectations were too high...or maybe we hit Yonaka on an off night, but this cute little modern Japanese joint hit a few sour notes for my date and I. The restaurant is brightly lit and has a modern, upscale cafe feel so I'm not sure it would make for a great date place like some of the other yelpers have suggested. As far as the rest of the ambiance goes...and I know that Yonaka can't control it's clientele, but there was a family with a small child dining in the restaurant and a good number of that group had on sweat pants, pajamas and slippers. Really? It definitely took away from the Saturday night experience were shooting for. When we were seated the restaurant manager came to our table and instructed us on how to eat the food. Fine. But then she insisted that she new my boyfriend. She asked him what he did for a living, if he wore glasses, etc. The abrasive questioning went on for an uncomfortable length of time. It was very strange. In spite of the weirdo start, the wait stuff was awesome. They were knowledgable and overall helpful and friendly. So moving on to our order...we started off with the fried octopus. No bueno. It was tough, rubbery, soggy, oily and worst of all, terribly salty. I couldn't eat it. It was the kind of heavy salt that stings your mouth a little bit. My boyfriend, who is a salt fiend, even commented on how salty the food was. We went on to try the scallops that cook yourself on the hot rock, the tuna/jalapeno/watermelon dish, a few of the salmon sushi options and their tempura veggie/hashbrown dish. The fried veggie/hasbrown was, again, heavy on the salt and greasy. All of the other dishes we tried were awesome. Beautiful textures and fresh flavors that were a treat to eat. I can't say I won't be back to Yonaka, there are still a few more options that I'd love to try. But I'll stay away from the fried options.
5	Yet again the Yelp crew has not lead me astray. My first time was after a Yelp event to partake in their late night happy hour. I shared a few plates with Anthony T. and was blown away. I could not get myself to write a review just yet. My second time was with Christina W. before the last CMYE. We came in for their happy hour and sat at the bar. Of course we had to get an order of brussel sprouts. As always, they were crisp, slightly salty, and had the right touch of citrus. That was not enough to satisfy our craving. MUST ORDER MORE! The crudo was next on our list of must haves. Each component from the tomato to the candy quinoa showed how well thought out the menu was. We were lucky enough to try a dish that the chef had been working on that day. I am not a huge fan of mackerel, but it was fantastic. Paired with huckleberry compote, blackened citrus salt, onions, and frois gras sauteed mushrooms, it made for a splendid dish. I would happily order it again. That was still not enough. An order of the bay scallop fritters were necessary. One order comes with two large pieces. The light batter had a nice bite and did not feel greasy at all.At this point, I have had almost everything on the happy hour menu. I would be more than willing to order anything I have tried again. It makes me confident enough that I could come in, blindly point at anything on the menu and be happy.
5	I usually don't do reviews on sushi establishments, but I had to do one for Yonaka.  I stopped craving sushi for over a year because the whole AYCE sushi craze got really boring.  The whole quality vs. quantity philosophy plays a big part with this establishment.  Yonaka has actually made it fun and exciting to sit down and eat! EYE LIKA!!!So Mikey C. Elite brings me here.  Was kind of reluctant to eat sushi, but I went along.  I was so thankful afterwards.  First off, I was surprised to see no soy sauce on the tables.  Weird.  I totally understood why after my face was stuffed.  The tapas that they serve have all these different ingredaments that when combined, gave off an everlasting impression with my palette.  Mind boggling was what was going through my mind.  I'm not even going to mention what my favorite plates are.  Just find out for yourself and be adventurous. That's going to be the fun factor when you eat here.  I admit there was one plate that I wasn't a fan of which had an edamame puree for its base, but I think they took that off of their daily special menu, which change from time to time. Now back to the whole quality vs. quantity philosophy.  In my last feeding, I was talked into eating uni.  From a FEW bad experiences from a few AYCE restaurants, I stopped trying uni.  I'm not a big fan of uni, but DAMN THEIRS IS EXQUISITE!!!  Adding that to my menu in my gut.  Another item which I'm not a fan of is raw salmon.  I tend to stay away from it whenever I'm eating sushi.  Salmon was my favorite item on their menu!  Who would have thought that salmon would go so amazingly well with something citrusy!?! GREAT EXECUTION with the salmon guys! HIGH FIVE!!! In the end of my last feeding, I was fortunate enough to shoot the shit with our waiter.  He wasn't trying to BS us on what was good on the menu.  I could see and feel his genuine passion for the establishment where he was working in.  Pretty much the cat said to just start on the first 5 on their menu and keep going down the line to experience the art that these amazing chefs have to offer. EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
5	i'm not normally a food picture taker. but everything here was so pretty that i snapped some pics. incredibly fresh and unique. i love the flavor combinations. i also didn't find it that expensive. next time i'm in vegas, i will be back!
5	Gather up the children, family, friends...and come down here for a near perfect meal! I don't think you can be a Vegas foodie and pass up the opportunity to eat here.  My coworker told me that the brussel sprouts here were amazing...I thought to myself, really brussel sprouts?....very suspicious.  Well, lets just say I would gladly trade a meat dish for these brussel sprouts and that's saying a lot for me.  This is not a typical Japanese izakaya (tapas style) restaurant like Kyara and Ichiza, but it has an east meets west feel.  The traditional Japanese plates and flavors are melded with dressings, purees, dehydrated fruit, herbs, and vegetables in a unique and creative manner.  The plates each are made with extreme care and concern towards plate presentation, evidenced by the myriad of colors and textures combined into each plate.  Each bite screams umami, in a perfect blend of flavor profiles that tantalize each taste bud.  I tried the brussel sprouts, beet fries, konpa, sake orenji, crudo, karaage, agedashi tofu, gyu sliders, pork ribs with honey and sesame, chokoretto, fresh made sorbets, and ringo lico. Yes, happy hour (5-6:30pm, and 11pm to close) was good to me! Of all the items I ate, the only two I didn't care for as much were the beet fries and the karaage.  All the other items were beyond delicious, my favorite being the crudo and the brussel sprouts.  The dessert is also stellar, with again a unique combination of flavors and textures.Onto the atmosphere, seems out of place in this little strip mall and reminds me a lot of some old stomping grounds in Belltown, Seattle.  The decor is modern with wood paneling, clean lines and minimalistic furniture, but yet the establishment still gives off a warm vibe. The service was stellar with smiling servers and even a PR person coming around to explain the concept of the food, as well as the proper way to partake of the items to experience the full flavor.  We recently got engaged and they even gave us a free dessert to help us celebrate.  What can I say, I'm in love with this place.  I almost wanted to be selfish and not review this place....so I could keep it to myself.  But the success of this restaurant is inevitable, and I know there will come a time where they will no longer take reservations or have cheap happy hour prices and I will have to wait outside with the rest of the groupies.
5	I came here to late night happy hour with a friend. They don't have a liquor licence, so the only thing missing was creative cocktails, but the Nigori sake was a rather pleasant quaff.  Don't let the milky appearance put you off; it's a gorgeous smooth drink, and quite a large measure for the $3 happy hour price!  Oh, and it didn't sit right with me that the drinks menu included such low-rent yellow fizz as Bud Light (really?  Who would have Bud flipping Light with this food?  I don't get that).  Minor quibbles that really don't take away from my 5-star rating because the food is enough to get there.  At first glance, it seems a little expensive, but, as I've said before on Yelp, we get what we pay for.And so to the food.  Oh, my stars!  The fooooood!!!  I frankly don't think the people dissing the food for too many flavors are totally sane.  All of the flavors were subtle and beautifully balanced.  Trying to balance a slice of dehydrated pear, toasted almond, dehydrated fig, leafy herb thingy, and pesto-y sauce on a piece of hamachi sashimi slippery with house-made fish oil sauce and getting it all to the mouth with chopsticks was admittedly not an easy venture, but it was worth the slapstick effort on the first chew when flavor explosions of sheer delight decorated the palate with joy!  We had the Omakase 8 courser, which is a tasting menu that changes according to the chef's creative whims on the day.  There was nothing in it that we didn't love or at least like very very much.  With each mouthful of an eclectic mix of flavors, some that appeared really incongruous, like the amuse bouche strawberry with fish sauce (say what?!), salt, pepper, and some funny little leaves that I can't remember the name of, we MMMMM'd and rolled our eyes in pure delight at each new flavor sensation. The portion sizes were very reasonable, and we were satisfied without being overstuffed, even after the to-die-for chocolaty dessert concoction, which was the perfect conclusion to an outstanding meal. The service was generally good, if a bit...what's the word?  Juggly?  We seemed to have a different server for each course.  It just seemed slightly strange, but everyone was very friendly and knowledgeable.  Our courses came out mostly in excellent time, not too slow, not too fast, with plenty of time to savor each course and let its moment pass whilst enjoying each other's company.  We couldn't figure out why it wasn't busier at late night happy hour (it was steady but not packed) on a Friday night (maybe location?  maybe no liquor licence?  maybe the word hasn't gotten out yet?). I hope it picks up because this is going to be one of my go-to places for beautiful food.  Yataaaaaa, Yonaka!!! :)
5	Excellent service! They make you feel like VIP guests. The food was AMAZING!! I loved every dish we had. The fish is SO fresh and their original creative preparation of each tasty morsel is reminiscent of a work of art :) To be more specific, Brussels sprouts: TRY THEM. They were so good. Atlantic salmon sushi: BOMB. Loved the little piece of tomato& drizzle of delicious sauce on top. Fatty tuna sushi: tasted just like the ocean. Loved it. Nana iro: yellowtail slices with grapefruit sections and avocado pieces and chili sauce. So fresh and delicious :) for dessert we had the rings lico. Let me just say... HEAVEN. So many different textures and flavors.Plus they had my favorite sake (sho chiku bai nigori) on happy hour! :DWill be back for sure!!
5	The food was inventive and immaginative... and incredibly delicious! Lots of weird and wonderful taste sensations. The high quality ingredients brought joy to the palate with delicious bursts of artfully balanced mmmm-inducing deliciousness. My favorite plate was the "Ikura to Uni" special and the "Chokoreto" dessert made the perfect finale.There are some pretty great restaurants in Vegas, but this one is so far my clear winner. I can't wait to go back!
5	The Happy Hour menu was one of the most creative and intriguing variety of food I've had. For starters, the Gyu Sliders are slices of beef tongue sandwiched between two layers of rice. Also try the Tea Brined Ribs for a meatier, filling dish.But I'm getting ahead of myself! I must note the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. Jax greeted us while we waited for our dish and it was a neat conversation. Guess what? All their fish is imported from JAPAN. That explains why the seafood is such amazing quality. We tried the Uni (sea urchin) dish and it was stellar, 100/100.However, I wanted to point out a few things that makes Yonaka juuust slightly short of perfection. Firstly, the waiting time can be pretty darn long. My party of three and maybe another table were the only ones present at the restaurant and it still took nearly 20 minutes for our first appetizer dish. Secondly, as Happy Hour was ending we managed to squeeze in our last order. Unfortunately, by the time it got to the chefs it was literally ONE MINUTE past the Happy Hour time so our orders did not make it in time. Seriously? What a bummer. Usually the servers will go around and announce a last-call for Happy Hour at other restaurants but there was none during our visit. Oh well, not a deal-breaker by any means.All in all, it was a great experience.
2	This place is over lated... My husband and I decided to try this place because the review is high and i always love to try a new spot(especially the japanese one)When we arrived,there were 3 groups(not including us)and a customer at the bar. Looked like 2 groups were already done, they were just talking.We orderd Green salad,Kaeaage,Shrimp tempura roll,Hamachi-kama,Gyu-tan-sushi and Ikura-sushi.We also tried Samuel Smith's apple cider beer.It was really good!When we finish ordering, 2groups left the restaurant,so it was just us,the other and some at the bar.The first thing I thought was 'How many people working in this restaurant?'I saw at lease 5people working around the floor.I understand it's because they want to care every customers I think.and I thought everybody who works at the restaurant was nice in the beginning.We got a salad first,it was okay,nothing special,but I loved pear in it.Second,Karaage was served.We liked little spicy tast.Then... we WAITED so long to get our entire meal!!!!!(over an hour!!!)and at this point,the server started to avoid us.We of cause finished karaage(we are not fast eater.we eat dishse slowly especialy when we drink alcohol.) and we kinda sarted getting annoyed.I don't know why it took sooo long to make our dishes.When the restaurant is really busy,I totally understand,BUT this slow and I don't think the other group orderd a lot of food.When the manager came to our table,I asked her about our sushi,roll and kama,then she saied 'We want you to forcus our dishse one by one'REALLY???We were too tired to forcus each dishes.Finally,we got sushi,roll and kama.(It didn't come at one time,we waited so long to get each dishes.)Our mood was already bad and we wanted to get out here,so It maybe is good tast,but we didn't feel any good ways especially the kama was not tast good.I think every server noticed that our mood is not good,so nobody came to our table so it was hard to get our check.then I put my card with my bill,nobody returned so I changed to pay by cash.You got many servers,why nobody can care us???orNobody care us,why you got many servers???BAD SERVICE!!!!!We will never come back.Why 2stars?Because one server brought us a fruits dish.She didn't say because of the slow service,she just told us it is free.but it can't cover all our bad experience here.
5	Pretty easy choice here. If you are visiting Las Vegas and your friends are suggesting the Lotus Of Siam as the 'best Asian place', laugh hysterically in their face(s), jump in a cab, and go 5 blocks West of the Strip to Yonaka. For the price of a family dinner at Applebee's, you will have a fresh, down-to-earth Asian food experience that will inspire you to come back every night for the rest of your vacation.Too much to list here. Best and freshest or else they don't serve it. The right aftertastes, the right texture and flavor contrasts, creative cheffing that is never snooty. Just great ingredients and always the best service. Have eaten there 8 times in 2 months. Will turn a non-sushi eater into a sushi-eater. Will turn a sushi-eater into a sushi-expert. (they also do ridiculous things with pork and beef - like their tea ribs, their Nikuberry steak w/strawberries, and their new Momofuku-killing Chuka Buns.)Will be the requisite first dinner for all out-of-town guests this coming season.Awesome Happy Hour, too!
4	I've gone to Yonaka quite a few times now, and like most others here I'll say it sets a new standard in atmosphere, service, quality, and presentation. But with a big asterisk - in happy hour only. But I'll get to that.Firstly, the place is beautiful and serene in an ultra-modern type of way. A mix of natural and synthetic materials done just right. Service is exceptional with attention to detail in ways I haven't seen in most places. It is an experience. After ordering anything, you will be presented a modern Japanese work of art that you can eat.My favorites are still with the Sake Orenji and Karage. I think the Sake Orenji (being their salmon with orange slices and orange oil, plus fish eggs) is the best representative of their sashimi style plates, and the karage is just a fun and easy dish - being just fried chicken - that can give you a bit more of a filling effect as a contrast. Portions are small, after all. Which leads me to my asterisk.It's expensive, unless you're in happy hour. I'd say if you hit happy hour, it's worth the experience. If it isn't happy hour, I find it hard to stomach 4 pieces of salmon for $15 no matter how good the service is. If you've ever been to Raku, you know the food is amazing - but you wouldn't go there hungry. I'd say the same for Yonaka. You go for the flavors and experience. Luckily you have the option of happy hour.I also wrote a review for a UYE/tasting held here. http://www.yelp.com/biz/uye-yonaka-with-christina-w-and-arvin-c-las-vegas#hrid:rEYFiw0XU8b_ah2yK1mbnA
5	Loved it!  We tried to go to Raku when right when it opened on a Tuesday night, but even though there were more than 10 available tables, we were told they didn't have any room for us since we didn't have reservations.  Their loss - because we found Yonaka and it was awesome.  We had 10 or 12 different items - everything was unique and tasted great.  My favorites were the spicy grilled edamame and some kind of salmon/orange slice creation that I'm still dreaming about.  The staff was attentive and helpful, and the marketing manager even came over and explained the concept behind the restaurant.  And the best part - out the door for around $100 - very good for 3 people at that quality and the fact that we were in Vegas!  We'll definitely come back - Yonaka has a fan in me!
5	Modern Japanese dining at it's best. If you haven't eaten here yet, do yourself a favor and make it happen soon! There was no question what we would get when we saw there was an 8 course omakase. Timmy, our waiter also suggested the Crispy Brussels Sprouts (Brussels sprouts, lemon chili,mint,puffed rice) I hate brussels sprouts, and normally wouldn't touch them with a 10 foot pole. But, Timmy said the same thing, so I was like what the heck...  And let me tell you they were friggen amazing! A little crispy, and a lot tasty.Our 8 courses were timed perfectly, and generously plated. The dishes were creative, and absolutely beautiful. There seemed to be fruit fusion theme with many of the dishes. Combinations that most would never think of. I must say that I'm still convinced there was an error on our check and we were severely under charged. I have never in my live gotten away with such a low bill when I've gone out for sushi, tapas and had 3 bottles of saki. The service was excellent by all and we were helped by a team of workers. The manager even found time to come and explain their dining concept. She was thrilled to find out I was a Yelper and had heard good things from my friends. If I could give 6 stars I would, If I could give 3 thumbs up I would, all in all, it's become one of my favorite sushi places in town. Looking forward to my next tasting, and happy hour.
5	I highly recommend Yonaka.  It's easy to feel fatigued after eating at many Japanese restaurants. Often the menus are littered with the predictable items: miso soup, chicken teriyaki, and sushi rolls. And you know what? Sometimes you want something different to keep your senses alive. This place delivered.The restaurant achieves what most new restaurants can't: excellent food, service so saccharine and attentive you'll leave a diabetic, and a clean and understated interior decor. Walking inside, your hipsterdar might ring. They played the XX during the dinner! Yeah yeah yeahs next? Regretfully, I played it safe on my first visit: Midori salad, sunomono, chicken karaage, Asian pillow roll, and dessert. All of the dishes sashayed our way beautifully like a runway show by Jean-Paul Gaultier. They were Instagram ready, for sure. They tasted as good as they looked.Since leaving, I've been reading their online menu and planning the next visits in my head. Weird, I know, but curiosity and excitement has filled every single muscle fiber in my body. As Rupaul would say, "Shantay, you stay!"
5	Having only been to Yonaka one time prior to this visit I was blown away when the hostess knew me by name when I walked in the door!I was out with the wife and thought it'd be a great idea to wing in to Yonaka for a snack, some cold Japanese beer and sake! :)We requested to sit with Tiffany at the bar and she and... too many drinkies to remember guy's name... Anyhow, the really nice server guy at the bar took exceptional care of us the entire time.The bluefin, yellowtail and foie gras were exceptional! Absolutely one of our favorite spots and we highly recommended it to locals and tourists alike.
5	Yonaka is the embodiment of the newest techniques and art in cooking: molecular gastronomy. Ordinary cooking employs concepts one may find in chemistry while molecular gastronomy uses physics principles to construct the food to the desired texture, taste, shape, colors, etc. Here you'll experience food that went through processes such as compression and dehydration, or perhaps food cooked at various temperatures atypical to traditional cooking techniques. But before I started to sound like an ad executive writing a promotion for a client, I will just go straight to the food we tasted.Beet salad - Wow! The presentation alone deserves five star, seriously! On the plate sat four or five pieces of cooked yellow beets wedged between dehydrated and wafer-thin slices of green apple; all of the ingredients piled atop a layer of the most creamiest and delicious white dressing. This is not a salad. This is dessert!!! It is THAT good.Yellowtail sushi - Really fresh yellowtail. Normally I prefer my fish pieces to have a slight drop of lemon or lime on them. This tasted like a piece of plain but very fresh fish so over all, not bad.Crudo - This is a big roll of sea bass sushi. I tried one little piece of it and I thought it was good but nothing super special.Midori salad - My friend ordered this so I tried it. You'll find square pieces of crunchy pear and green leaves all dressed in a nice acidic dressing. It's really refreshing and light.Various other fish sushi - We also ordered four or five other pieces of fish sushi but I didn't get the names. They were all really fresh. One thing we didn't get is the dessert. Perhaps this beckons another visit at a later time. For sure!
5	I've been here before for a  friends birthday dinner which was amazing but it's not always fair to review a place based off of a special night. My husband had never been, and I  kept raving about it....so we decided to meet up with some friends for their late night happy hour.I have nothing bad to say, my husband isn't even a big fan of fish and he was astonished at how fresh and delicious it was. We shared the Crudo and Sake Orenji...he loved both. Complimentary taste of the Watermelon with Tuna, sweet and delicious, again Doug was shocked. We got some meat dishes as well just in case he wasn't a fan of the fish, but it wasn't an issue...Tea Brined Pork Ribs and Chuka Buns (Doug still talks about these). The Grilled Edamame really has that grilled smokey taste...wow! Everyone of the staff makes you feel welcomed and taken care of.I will never turn down an offer to go have a bite here, everything is a delight to the eyes as well as the taste buds.
4	Ooooh weeee, this place is fabulous.  I came here for dinner with the family and was so glad we did.  There was 4 of us and having that many, we were able to try out more dishes.  I definitely want to return for this infamous happy hour. As soon as you walk in, the ambiance is relaxing and hip.  We tried a variety of things.  A list of goodness that entered my belly:  Wagyu Beet, Ibushi Hamachi, Crudo, Uni to Ikura, Toro Sashimi, Foie Gras Nigiri, Crispy Brussel Sprouts, and a few more dishes I'm sure I'm missing.  I saw Foie Gras Nigiri, my eyes went bug eye and I literally was drooling when it arrived.  I devoured it and the Mmmm sounds came out without hesitation.  You know, everything that we ate was EXCELLENT.  Its kind of like tapa style, but the portions are more than enough to share.  With the 4 of us, we left satisfied.  The dishes yes are fusion, but not so crazy fusion where the natural flavors are ruined.  In fact, that's what makes these dishes so great.  They really emphasize on using real natural flavors to their dishes.  Like candied quinoa, fresh fruit, or dehydrated fruit, or vegetables, that give the fish or meat added flavor.  It was a great overall experience, a bit on the pricier side but a MUST try.  My mother-in-law and I drink lots of tea, we did however find ourselves asking for tea refills often.  Either need to give bigger cups for the tea, or allow us to have the tea pot.  The Only suggestion.  Staff was great and inviting.  I am a fan!
5	I'm pretty sure when they opened Yonaka they said,  "there's a lot more to life than being really, really, ridiculously good looking. And I plan on finding out what that is." So they put a restaurant to surround  the ridiculously good looking and tasting food. A happy medium between Ichiza and Raku.
5	I love going to restaurants off the strip to experience great food and good value.   I love the decor and the concept of this restaurant.    I think they need to offer more pre-fixed menus options for people that are new to the concept.  Overall, great experience and we will be back when we return to Vegas in a couple months.
4	Service is great. Not a single complaint about Michael, our waiter. a lot of thought obviously went into every aspect of the restaurant. The food is excellent. The only knock on the place is that most dishes have a citrus base, and its a bit much by the end of the meal. Crispy brussel sprouts are excellent. Hamachi kama could be one of the best one ever had. Sushi rolls and nigiri is fresh and well presented. We have been watching the chef plate dishes, and we love seeing the patience and pride that goes into each plate. Soups are clearly made in house, with subtle flavors. Give yourself time here. The pace is slow, but well worth it.
3	This is intended for Yonaka management as much as for fellow Yelpers.  I'd go with 4 stars if the service team was just a little bit more "with it".  Admittedly, I'm a tough critic of sushi bars, having spent over a decade living in Asia and having visited Japan about 50 times over my business career.  So here goes.My wife and I sat at the bar for dinner - a 'genre' selection on her part and her first visit to Yonaka.  I had visited once before recently, as Yonaka is new, with a close buddy from Tokyo and another international guy that grew up in Pasadena, but lived for years in Provence and visited Japan on numerous occasions.  I recall that "guys" dinner as being credible and satisfying. But last night requires attention.  First, don't assume that the Asian half of a couple is the "regular" as we experienced.  Not a big deal, but it's an assumption that should be avoided.  Our waiter was a nice enough chap, but he'd not been very well trained and his pronunciation was, well, off.  The pace of presentation was out of rhythm with a very long stretch between the mini-sushi veggie appetizer (tasty!) and the nicely presented sashimi.  We don't expect fast-food service, but we sat without wasabe & soyu until we asked for it with our sashimi.  No low-salt soyu either.  But we soldiered on.  The food was presented beautifully in sufficient portions, so we have no complaints about food quality, portion size or artful presentation.  We did miss the chance to enjoy picked radish as a condiment, which is, for me, essential at a sushi bar.  My wife, being Chinese, had a hankering for noodles at the end of our meal - who knows how she keeps her gorgeous figure - but, alas, no udon or ramen.  There's an ethnic joke in there somewhere about not being filled up.  QED.The bill total approached $200 with tip, including Nigata sake at $48, so we weren't skin flints on the orders.  Yonaka has the potential to be "brilliant" with a little back-office work.  The "Wagu Beet" specials we didn't explore, but most likely were truly non-vegetarian.  And we're not sure why the propensity for sushi chefs in Las Vegas being Korean, but I miss being greeted with the traditional "IRASHAIMASE!" when I visit a sushi bar.  It's almost like having to ask for wasabe & soyu.Itadakimas!
5	I found Yonaka on Yelp when I had a hankering for Japanese flavors and wanted to avoid the Strip prices and scene. My husband and I went during happy hour (which runs 5pm-6:30pm and 11pm-2am) and spent a mere $55 (plus a well-earned 20% gratuity) on six small plates, two glasses of wine and a beer. We were stunned by the quality and inventiveness of the menu at this price point. It's icing on the proverbial cake that the service was highly attentive and the modern decor was gorgeous.
4	There are very few times, I find dining out more than just filling in my belly; Yonaka was truly a culinary experience.  From the moment I walked in, I knew this was going to be unlike the others. A beautiful setting with its modern clean lines, colors and decor...very fresh looking. We decided to sit at the sushi bar, because I wanted to see the preparation of the sushi.  However, this is not a sushi bar you start ordering.  First, we were brought hot wet towels to wash our hands.  Then, Michael, our waiter, explained the philosophy behind the menu and pointed out a few popular dishes. Then as we got our complimentary "bite", Jax, the Manager, explained that with each bite we eat we should try to get a bit of all the component of the dish. At first it seemed like the explanations were a little excessive, but without those explanations I am not sure I would have gotten the full experience or appreciation for the detailed and intentions of plating of each dish. Here are a few details that make this a 4 vs 5;  these are just preferences.  I am always cold at restaurants, but my husband for once in his life felt chilly. The wine glasses were small and only filled slightly above half way so at an average of $8/glass for ordinary wine (yet well selected), I expected more wine, not much more but another ounce would be good. However, the bottle selection and pricing was very good.   Not a complaint from me about menu because it is low carb friendly, but my husband was craving some noodles or udon (probably because he was cold), and there wasn't any on the menu.  While I do appreciate the subtle flavor of fish, I did feel I needed a touch of soy sauce, which they brought out upon request.About the food, my husband got the shrimp tempura and  5-piece sushi omekase  (toro, salmon, halibut, and hamachi, ) and I started with the uni to ikura special...which was so pretty I didn't want to eat it, well ok, for 10 seconds I just look at it.  My first bite, I was surprised at the unusual, but pleasant combination of  kombucha squash puree, citrus, mushrooms,  ikura  and uni...it was sublime. My husband got a spicy tuna roll, he appreciated the price is comparable to run of the mill sushi joints, and the tuna to rice ratio made it a great value.  I ordered the kama; they were right, it was the best kama I've ever had. The prices were very reasonable, especially given the portion and quality.  Service was genuinely attentive yet professional.  Can't wait to come back, but definitely with a thicker sweater.
5	Excellent food here! I highly recommend this place! Modern Japanese tapas style dinner
5	Food AND service ROCKS!!!  Level of BOTH rivals any 5 star restaurant on strip withOUT the prices!
5	Had a terrific Father's Day dinner! You can spend $400 at NOBU or Sushi Samba, but the food won't be any better than it is at Yonaka. Fascinating dishes with flavors bursting at every bite. Wonderful, warm and knowledgeable service. To top it off, they'll arrange a cab to take you back to your hotel! So glad I tried Yonaka.
5	I'm jumping on the Yonaka bandwagon. I have been dying to try the place since before they even opened. Driving past the restaurant for months, I never got the chance to eat here. Finally, I dragged my mom along for Happy Hour and I'm absolutely sold. Every bite I had was absolute heaven. We started with a cucumber amuse that was very refreshing. Every description sounded great but we narrowed it down to a few choices that we shared. Beet Fries - Great flavor and texture. I'm not typically a fan of beets, but these were really delicious. Brussel Sprouts - An absolute must for me whenever they're offered on a menu and these did not disappoint. I see myself ordering these every time I come.Avocado Nigiri - My mom's favorite of the evening. The flavors were amazing and all the sauces complemented and enhanced the flavor of the avocado superbly and it was beatifully presented with an edible flower. Kaki-age - Not a showstopper dish, but once you dip the tempura into the sauce they provide, it was quite flavorful.Sake orenji - The salmon was great. The subtle flavor or orange and roe really made the dish sing. Watermelon salad - Absolutely amazing. The little bites of watermelon exploded with flavor and definitely pack a punch. One of my favorite flavors of the evening. I could eat this all day long. Karaage - Different than any other version I've had. Probably my least favorite dish. Just a little too sweet for me, but the chicken was perfectly cooked and had great flavor. Overall, I have to say this place surpassed my very high expectations. The menu is inventive and takes lots of risks and most of them pay off. Not to mention the prices are fantastic and service was attentive and friendly. We left full and satisfied for a very low price. I am already planning my return and expect to be a regular for Happy Hour.
5	Yonaka is good VERY GOOD.  You need to come here for some delicious tasting eats.Come here for their Happy Hours.  There's a separate Happy Hour menu.  They run from 5 pm - 6:30 pm and 11 pm - 2 am.  I've only been to their 11 pm Happy Hours which doesn't get to busy.  Sit at the bar if it's available or at one of their tables though they both work out good.  A must have is their Crispy Brussel Sprouts http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yonaka-modern-japanese-las-vegas?select=3_WTe2cZ1rDORg9bsAWJgg#3_WTe2cZ1rDORg9bsAWJgg there are better pics but this was mine. So good and so refreshing.  They're brussel sprouts with lemon chili, mint, and puffed rice all charred up together. Didn't really care for the puffed rice but so good.Another must have is their Tea Brined Ribs http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yonaka-modern-japanese-las-vegas?select=De2lRI4xE353jlYac9aC6Q#De2lRI4xE353jlYac9aC6Q again there's probably better pics.  They're pork ribs in a citrus citrus-honey-tea glaze and sesame.  Sweet and tasty, not your typical BBQish pork rib.Another must have is their Karaage  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yonaka-modern-japanese-las-vegas?select=De2lRI4xE353jlYac9aC6Q#4SDCYEHrg0maFggCW_1T5g  I didn't take a good pic so I stole one.  They're this fried on the outside and juicy on the inside fried chicken pieces with jalapeno, mint, basil, and onion.  The best way I can describe it all is like fried frog legs but not really.  You bite into them and after you past their fried outsides it feels like it burst opens with it's moist insides. I don't really know how to explain it just try it. Spicy, yet refreshing. Who am I kidding almost everything is a must have. Here's a few more items I've had with a pic.There's Gyu Sliders http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yonaka-modern-japanese-las-vegas?select=8bju5AS8EBNp7o4aO6k9Lw#8bju5AS8EBNp7o4aO6k9Lw A Seasonal Sorbet Selection http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yonaka-modern-japanese-las-vegas?select=yAxLlRGdxR-3axaQ2Jc7zw#yAxLlRGdxR-3axaQ2Jc7zw Eat everything slowly and in small bites that's how I'd eat it all. Nice interior and excellent service and very friendly staff. They have special daily items. And there's sake.If you need a quick phone charge while you eat there's a power outlet next to the tables near the hostess counter.  It's right there so why not use it just don't go setting up shop there.3 more hour 'til 11pm I'll be there haha
5	Many of my dormant taste buds woke up with amazingly and so creatively arranged assortment of food  from Yonaka. The parade of dishes will simply challenge your taste buds and helps you understand the "arts" in food! I would've never ever imagine putting fish sauce over watermelon. That's how creative it was and it was like...(very slow) " WOW!" That complimentary appetizer set the tone for the rest of the night and we were not disappointed. Surprises kept coming and coming! If you appreciate great quality Japanese, you really owe it to yourself to try their flavorful modern dishes. Me and taste buds can't wait till we go back for some more~!
4	I am a religious Raku go-er so there aren't many places that will impress me. Yonaka was pretty good, foodwise and ambiance wise, service wise was lacking and slow a bit but I won't hold it against them. Fusion japanese food at its finest I guess you could call it. Ordered a variety of dishes ranging from hamachi kama to fried brussel sprouts. It was very tasty, but I found that things were on the more well-cooked side, personally I like things cooked just right or on the raw side a bit. Sushi was ok, the nigiri was well-thought out and different but they didn't taste as good as they sounded. We came with a few out of town friends and they really liked it, it was a good meal. I wouldn't be jumping with joy to come back here, but maybe I'll give them another chance to impress me more.
4	Dined at Yonaka last night.  The staff was friendly, helpful and pleasant.  Charlie, our server was very accommodating.  the food was excellent. Sashimi was graced with a variety of fruits and edible dressings.  The place is clean and the ambiance is relaxing.  This was a very good dining experience and we will return.
5	We decided to try this restaurant after reading the yelp reviews. We went for the early "happy hour". Yelp comes through again!! We had a great meal - not only very tasty - but very unique dishes. To me is seemed like a cross between upscale Japanese food and tapas. We had small dishes that we shared, but got to taste a great variety of dishes. The waiter was efficient and very personable. The manager checked in with us to see if we were enjoying our meal, and seemed to truly want our feedback. It was a very enjoyable evening. The only comment we had other than totally positive was that my husband missed having rice with his dinner. We will definitely go back the next time we are in Vegas, and would recommend it to anyone we knew was going there.
5	Group of friends wanted sushi without paying a ridiculous amount of money for something mediocre at the strip. Somehow we ended up at the bar of yonaka. Omg !!! The food was wonderful and the service was great. Loved the fruits with the sashimi and everything was so refreshing. I will definitely go back when im in vegas!!! Can't wait
5	This place is amazing!  When it comes to proportions and pairings, this place has done it right. I can't recall everything I had but I remember having that "mmmmmm" feeling with everything I tried. The two most memorable dishes were the Uni to Ikura & the Foie Gras Nigiri. The Uni was light, fresh and not too "sea" tasting; and perfectly paired with the scallops and squash puree. The foie gras literally melted in my mouth. The wait staff was really friendly, and the manager came up to us to tell us more about the restaurant. This place is a true dining experience. Each dish is handcrafted and well presented. So don't come here expecting to get all of your dishes at once. It does make for a long meal, but I don't see it as slow considering the quality of what you get. I can't wait to come back!
5	Having a bad day? Sit at the sushi bar and order a few specials. Need a bit of happiness?  Yonaka can provide multiple bites of sunshine. I love this place and always will. They never cease to amaze.
5	Do you see how many five star ratings this place has? Stop reading this and just go there! Personally, it irks me when I can smell grease while I am at a restaurant. (What can I say, I am a snob.) At one point there was some of that smell that wafted toward our table. And that is the only negative comment I can write about this joint. The style is slick, the service is friendly and helpful, and the food is phenomenal. I came here with the intent of doing nothing but the small plates - having been a little tired of sushi. However, my date wanted a sushi roll. We ordered the Midnight roll, and it turned out to be absolutely sublime. The fried Brussels sprouts were simple and awesome. Every small plate we ordered was magical. Considering the quality of the food, the prices are very reasonable. You would have to sport a monocle and a black tie for the same fare on the Strip.
1	Ok one star is the lowest I can go. I can't review much about the food because we left before we were able to taste anything aside from the miso soup (which btw was bland). Our food never came out because apparently they were too busy to even drop off one sushi item!  How long do u have to wait for a couple pieces of sushi? We were there for a good 40 min and still nothing. And nothing was about to come out either after asking and asking. Are u kidding me? Customers who came in after us to sit at the bar were chowing down on food so I have no idea what the problem was. Asking the waiters and waitresses was like asking each other. Nobody knew how long it would take. When the workers avoid you, you know there's a problem.  And the answer to why it was taking so long was "oh we're really busy!" Yeah, they're  the only restaurant that gets busy.  That's the excuse? So I think this place got rave reviews maybe as long as you can eat something otherwise don't bother going on an empty stomach because you'll be leaving hungry still. Second time ever that I had to walk out of a restaurant!  Totally unacceptable.
4	My girlfriend fell in love with this place, for me it was soso. Their sushi were very fresh and the staff were really nice but their sushi lacked taste and everything tasted very raw. They did introduce that to us when we got there so that was nice! The place is neat and clean and im giving 4 stars because I had better tasting sushi for my tastebuds. I would only go back to this place because of my girlfriend.
5	Definitely one of the great new "hole in the wall" Japanese locations in Las Vegas. I discovered this little restaurant from a friend a little while back and have been going about once a month since then. The fish is very fresh and there are many daily specials on their menu.  The happy hour is from 5:00p-6:30p and 11:00p-2:00a daily and is highly recommended.Lately I always get the Brussels sprouts, chukka buns and the sake orenji.If you go for happy hour then you can get a great meal with $$, if you go when it's not happy hour I would prepare for $$$.
5	Amazing food and people. Great place, food was awesome and service great too. Some of the nicest people in vegas. Way to go, thanks.
4	The night before I dined at Yonaka I had an expensive and generally unsatisfying meal.  After that, Yonaka was such a welcome experience.  I had 3 cold plates, Brussels sprouts, tea-infused ribs, and the pistachio dessert.  (In defense of this gluttony, I didn't finish the Brussels sprouts or ribs, despite how delicious they were, and I was probably still hungry from the night before.)  I enjoyed every single dish, particularly the yellowtail and scallop cold dishes; the flavors were interesting and well-balanced.  I also appreciated the friendly and helpful service.
3	Beautiful presentation but I wish the portions were a touch bigger. The staff was really friendly and I enjoyed some of the different fusion flavors.
1	Food was great as confirmed by reviews.  However service was extremely slow!  We probably had a new waitress because not once did she apologize for our food taking so long or forgetting my son's beer TWICE. Might try it again just to give the service another chance.
5	Interesting and well executed cuisine. Service was above average.
5	We love Asian food so when we saw the reviews, we were hopeful. Yonaka is in a nondescript strip mall and from the outside doesn't look like a great dining experience. Are first impressions often wrong?  In this case totally!Tonaka is tastefully decorated, modern but not overly trendy. Our waitperson was extremely helpful and knowledgeable. However the real star here is the food.  Everything we tried was delicious. The Asian blossom roll was amazing. We are ourselves into a stupor and the cost was very reasonable.  4 thumbs up!!
5	I'm not a huge fan of modern, fusion food in general but Yonaka does it really well. I came here twice in the past two weeks and I had great food both times. The restaurant is a great value if you are willing to spend some money for some great food. The sushi quality is great and I loved everything we ordered. Service was very attentive. We were able to get a table last minute on a Saturday night, which was great for us because we failed to get one for some of the other popular Japanese places in Chinatown. I just hope it doesn't mean that it will be gone soon after.
5	Wow! What a cool find!  The fusion tapas concept was incredible.  While the concept has some roots from the likes of Nabu, the food is fresh and unique with its own blend of flavors. We went there for dinner on Father's Day and had great service and an education. Can't wait to go back!
5	This is the type of establishment that makes me want to start writing more Yelp reviews.  For the quality of the food, creativity, and value, Yonaka is truly a gem!  My boyfriend and I came in on a quiet Sunday evening, and the emptiness almost scared us away. Good thing we stayed, because our dining experience was phenomenal!We ordered a few items off their happy hour menu (5-6:30pm), daily specials menu, and regular menu.  They started us off with a complimentary appetizer: a Kumato wedge lightly seasoned and so, so flavorful.  My boyfriend ordered $3 sake drinks off their happy hour menu, and while I'm not much of a drinker, he seemed to really enjoy it, especially for the price.Other items we ordered:Beet fries - beets had a good sweet flavor, the creamy dipping sauce complemented it wellSake orenji - slices of salmon (think carpaccio) on top of orange slices, topped with yuzu-infused fish roe and micro greens, swimming in a sea of citrus-y oils...I love citrus flavors with salmon, so I absolutely adored this dish!!  It's a must-have for me :)Hotateyaki - another favorite!  Grilled scallops with tomatillo and grapefruit slices, lightly dressed in a fruity vinaigrette, with creme fraiche and edible flowers. Both delicious and a beautiful presentation!Pork belly sliders - I forgot what it was called exactly, but the sliders were made with Chinese steamed white buns, with pork belly, apple slices, kimchi, pickled carrots/daikon, and cilantro.  The flavors reminded me of a Chinese-Vietnamese-Korean fusion.Compressed watermelon with mint - really refreshing!  The restaurant started getting crowded, and gave us this plate on the house as an apology for the wait between dishes.Salmon belly - fresh salmon belly sashimi on a bed of ice.  Lovely presentation and rich flavor.Lime-infused ahi with leek puree - I don't remember the exact name but it was on the daily specials menu--this dish NEEDS to be on the regular menu because it's SO good!! The ahi was really fresh with a light citrus taste.  It was accompanied by kumatoes, leek puree, candied onion, and some sumac.  Probably my favorite dish of the night!Dessert time!  We ordered 2 desserts because we were excited to discover more of Yonaka's creativity, and because I love desserts :)Chokoreto - a bar of chocolate on a plate with avocado cream, an avocado chip, cookie crumbles, and a lime sorbet.  The rich creamy flavor of avocado complements the chocolate well, and the sorbet helps cut the richness with some tart flavor.Ringo lico - when they brought the plate, I thought it looked like a mini alien landscape! There was a cube of grapefruit panna cotta, with pistachio pieces, pistachio butter, dehydrated fennel, slices of grapefruit and kumquat, and apple sorbet.  Despite my misgivings about how the flavors would work out, this dish pleasantly surprised me!  The pistachios really stand out and help bring together the other ingredients.  Definitely try this one!The servers were very friendly, and took the time to explain every dish to us.  Yonaka is a very creative restaurant that really lives up to their title of "Modern Japanese".  I saw mostly young hip patrons during my visit, but I hope more people will be open to trying it and discovering for themselves the wonderful dining experience that Yonaka offers.  As for myself, I will definitely look forward to my next visit at Yonaka Modern Japanese :)
5	Great service! Charlie and Chef Toshi were amazing! I ordered the Karaage and the Kaki-age, and they came out so quickly and were just so tasty. You can watch them make your food right there, if you sit at the bar, and they will take time to explain the composition of each dish. They come out with new specials every week, and each one is delicious! I loved it.
5	Great little sushi joint off the strip. Staff was GREAT and explained what they were bringing to the table. All of the food was top notch sushi that you wouldn't expect off the strip. I would recommend this to anyone looking for GREAT sushi at a reasonable price. I'm moving to Vegas in a month and I will be back!
4	Happy hour prices are very nice with the portions of food serve. Regular prices are a little more steep for what you get, but the food is very, and maybe a little too-- unique. Food was good nonetheless, but I feel like I wouldn't try to many things more than once, but hey, they have a lot of things to try.What I had:-Beet fries (Unique. Tasted nice. I wouldn't really push this one that much though.)-Kara age (Kinda felt like calling it Vietnamese chicken.. Basil, lime and sweet chili sauce. It was good though, and only $5.)-O-toro (As long as its fresh, its always good. Five slices for $25 so it's priced averagely.-Wagyu sliders (Nice idea and execution. Pretty much a bun made of crispy rice with Wagyu beef and a jalapeno. Didn't really blow my mind, however.)-Uni to Ikura (Best part of the meal. A mix of scallop, ikura, uni, lemon, orange and a pumpkin puree. The texture and flavor mixed very well. It was REALLY good, but just so unique I'd only feel like eating it once.)I heard the dessert is awesome though, and wished I could've tried, but we were pretty full. They give us some complimentary snacks like freshly cut watermelon with some basil. Rice is complimentary as well if you ask for it.
3	Very nice and clean dining room, food could be bettered seasoned and sushi needs help!
5	This restaurant really deserves 6 stars, but Yelp won't allow that! My husband and I went here on a recent trip to Vegas. We found this place through Yelp and the reviews did not let us down. The staff is amazing and extremely knowledgable. They were so helpful in explaining the dishes and helping us decide on what to order. The dishes were beyond excellent. The chef is very creative and we loved that the staff told us that he is constantly reviewing and creating new specials each day. We loved every part of this restaurant and wish there was a location in Los Angeles, where we live! If you live in Vegas or are just visiting, I would recommend that you come to this restaurant. You will not be disappointed!
4	I loved kaki age, fried brussel sprouts, and all of the nigiri I had, but found that some of the modern twists on some of the menu items had flavor profiles that were odd - I guess they were odd in the sense that they were not familiar tastes to me. The service was good and the waiters were very familiar with flavors and ingredients of the dishes I ordered. However, the nigiri took longer to make than I expected. The waitress told me that the nigiri took more time to make because they cut the fish from the block (in order to keep the freshness intact). I was perfectly fine with this but when it took more than 25 minutes to get 7 pieces of nigiri, I was disappointed.For the price, I was expecting a little better. Still it's worth a revisit.
5	Elevated Japanese food with heart and character!Yonaka has one of the best Happy Hour menus for premium food, but their entire menu ranges from good to great.  Don't come here looking for a cheap meal...that is not what kind of HH going on here.  What you are getting is a discount on some beautifully made items.  The menu is comprised of incredibly clean, balanced, and elegant flavors delivered in a composed and artistic manner.The "Modern" of their name refers to a whimsical fusion play that is incorporated wonderfully into their dishes.I usually want to know what items a place excels at, but at Yonaka, it really is more about what you typically like or are in the mood for because there is nothing bad on the menu and the vast majority is done exceptionally well.  I've heard people complain about the portion sizes, but considering the level and quality of the dishes here, I have to disagree.
4	Decided to try a new place off the strip for dinner.  We found this place on yelp and had dinner on 8/9 with a party of 8.  This place is quite far off the strip.  Dinner was set for 6:30pm and the place was at about 30% capacity at that time.  We were seated right away.  The decor was nice and "modern".  The server came right away and gave us the menu.  We were about 10 mins away from the end of Happy Hour, but she let us order a bunch of stuff off of it.  Not sure if the portions are the same or not (most likely smaller), but the prices seemed decent.  There were a lot of hits and misses during our dinner.Hits:-  Sake Sangria.  Not terribly strong but tasty.  Felt like drinking juice.-  The brussel sprouts were pretty good.  They were deep fried and flakey.  I usually only like it with bacon, but this was decent-  The Salmon Orangi (sp?) was also good.  Salmon was fresh and the orange made it sweet yet savory (ponzu sauce I think).Misses:  -  Beet fries.  No real flavor.  Had to use the aioli to make it palatable-  Blue fin tuna.  Very disappointed.  The tuna was sliced pretty thin.  - Pork ribs.  Lots of fat and flavor was just ok.All in all, I think this place has potential.  I would like to come back and try their regular menu.  Service was good and the price was decent.
5	The food  is so beautiful that you do not want to destroy it - until you take your first bite!  The service is the best.  Naomi has been our server twice and her enthusiam for the food makes the experience that much more delightful. They start you out with hot hand towels.  Then they bring a complimentary starter.   I don't like beets, but the roasted beet salad was delicious!   Yonaka made me change my mind about another childhood nightmare with their Crispy Brussel Sprouts.  My favorite cold dishes are the Sake Orenji and the Konpa.  The fish is so fresh and the accompanients bring your tastes buds to a new level of nirvana!  Just thinking about the wagyu beef on hot stones is making my mouth water.  The beef is butter!  And the Ringo Lico dessert - TO DIE for!  Can't wait to try their late night Happy Hour!
5	Came here with my family about a month ago while we were looking for not-so-expensive sushi in Vegas. We loved that we could just park and walk in, rather than have to walk through a hotel casino. We arrived around 9 pm and there were only two other tables (the restaurant was full by the time we left around 10:45). The waitress was incredibly friendly, honest, and gave us some great tips about what to order. From memory, the brussel sprouts were delicious (my first time eating brussel sprouts!), the Salmon with orange was my favorite, and their rolls were okay but then again I don't like seaweed. My little brother is a very picky eater but they had some thin sliced steak that you grill on a hot stone at the table, he ate every last bite. Their appetizer portions are huge in comparison to the entrees. My family shares everything so we just ordered a bunch of plates and took a couple bites of everything. With a bottle of wine, appetizers, entrees, and dessert, we came out to $120 (great price for a family of 5 in Vegas!!!). We will definitely return when we are in town.
5	Let me get it out of the way that this, after two visits, is probably my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.   But you say statistically that's not a large enough sample size to make that sort of declaration you say?   I REVIEW WITH MY HEART AND NOT YOUR FANCY STATISTICS.   With reviews from my heart, I type a lot, so be warned:Let me start with the service, which starts with the hostess who on my 2nd visit already made me feel like Norm from Cheers with a hearty "welcome back!"   Full disclosure she also thought that I had been there before during my first visit, so perhaps this is all a big marketing ploy to make everyone feel like Norm.   The waitress both times was helpful with recommendations and the food and refills came out quickly and impeccably timed so there was never too little or too much food waiting to be devoured.  They're a well oiled machine of asian fusion delivery at Yonaka.As for the food itself, each time has started with a different amuse.  I can't remember what exactly, but they did their job in amusing the mouth each time.  For what we ordered, both times we started with the brussel sprouts which lived up to the hype and then some.  My favorite appetizer this year, and at $6 for a plate big enough that it satisfied 3 guests on my 2nd visit, a total steal.  On the first visit we tried the Grilled Edamame, and while did enjoy them, and having them grilled is more interesting than you can get at most, it didn't really stand out too much to me.   It IS edamame though, so I'm not sure how high your expectations will be of this to begin with.      We got the Ishiyaki "sear it yourself" hot rock plate with wagyu beef both visits. On the first visit we liked it so much we ordered it twice.  I'd had this dish once before at Japonais and always had fond memories of that, and found it to be just as delicious if not more so at Yonaka.  They bring out two dipping sauces with it (ponzu and mushroom), and then you grab a piece of thin, uncooked high quality wagyu beef and place it on the hot rock to cook, dip and eat.   One interesting thing to note is as much as I loved the sauces, I actually preferred the meat by itself.  This is why we ordered a 2nd helping the 1st visit, to forego the sauces on the 2nd plate.  I'd also like to point out that against all odds, I have not yet burned myself on the hot rock.   Highly recommended.   Another highly recommended, oh hell I'll bump it up to a "YOU HAVE TO GET THIS" rating, is the takorizo.   Goodness look at this list of ingredients:  grilled octopus, chorizo, melon, almonds, salsa verde, black olive oil.   Why does this taste good?  Who on earth came up with this?  Is this an episode of Chopped?   My favorite thing about this dish is that you can either get a big boy bite of all the ingredients and the flavors somehow work together to form an incredible mouthful of food, or you can take each individual part of the dish and eat them alone and enjoy the heck out of them.   Each segment is of the highest quality ingredients and have been prepared beautifully (particularly the octopus which I am hit or miss on depending on the preparation at other restaurants).   I haven't even really hit the tip of the iceberg with this menu yet, and I'm sure there are several other menu items that have the same depth and "Chopped" style combos that will blow me away...Such as the Wagyu Peach off the "specials" menu on our 2nd visit.   I'm sure there were other ingredients, but all I needed were the ones in the title.   Beautifully cooked, thick slices of melt in your mouth wagyu along with juicy slices of Georgia peaches.  As I've said about other dishes, whether I ate the beef alone, the peaches alone, or together in a bite, it was pure bliss.During both meals I've been lucky enough to have at Yonaka we were also presented palette cleansers gratis, and both involved fruits with their homemade fish oil.   I must say I wasn't a huge fan of the mixture of fish oil with sweet delicious fruit.   Other members of my party strongly disagreed with me so I chalk it up to personal preference.   I still appreciated the ability to try these free of charge.   And here my mom always told me nothing in life was free.   I'll have to bring her to Yonaka to prove her wrong.  I'm the type of guy who almost always skips dessert, but not here.   This last visit we had the Chokoreto and Ringo Lico and both were phenomenal.  All with various components that (I know I sound like a broken record) taste great individually or separate like candied kumquats and lime ice cream.I'd be remiss not to mention the prices here as well.   Both times my portion of the bill ran $60 or so after tax and tip.   This is after having several alcoholic beverages, a plethora of food to stuff my face silly and wonderful service in a great atmosphere.   Go for the Norm greeting, stay for the candied kumquats.
5	This place is far better than the over priced riff-raff you'll find on the strip.  It is a "fusion" style joint, so leave your basic, run of the mill, roll expectations at the door.  Just go with it....You'll have fun and be pleasantly surprised with how amazing their bizarre flavors come together.  Love Love Love the brussel sprout appetizer! Yes, I said brussel sprouts!  Trust me, they are delish.  I've been trying to duplicate at home ever since!
3	I like Yonaka.The food is excellent. All the positive reviews about the cuisine are correct.BUT:They charge a hefty corkage when you bring wine from your cellar, and the fact is their own wine list is rather ordinary. This is punitive, and hardly welcoming.So I won't be going back to Yonaka anytime soon.
5	My husband was referred to Yonaka by a coworker. We decided to give it a try and was blown away! The flavored and textures were amazing! The pairing of fish with fruit was unbelievable. The service was on point. There was nothing for us to complain about.
5	This is a waayy overdue review! I've been sitting on this easily five star review for months because I wanted to take the time to write something thoughtfully and carefully, yet at this point given that my wife is due to give birth in four days, I realize my wordsmithing days are practically over! well, at least let the five stars speak for themselves. we totally loved this place.we were there during the happy hour menu and tried quite a few things. it was nice that they paced the evening based on what we ordered. the amuse bouche was the compressed watermelon. the crispy brussel sprouts followed. we happen to love brussel sprouts but even if you don't, this one just might be the one that wins you over. ok that's all I wrote so far: we had many more things including chicken karaage, vegetable tempura, shioyaki saba, and sake orenji that were completely off the hook and some awesome dessert!  we will totally be back with our stroller.
5	Excellent food, one of my favorite sushi places, great quality food for a very reasonable price, reverse happy hour is awesome
4	they have some really outstanding dishes here. My favorites are the Uni to Ikura, Sake Orenji, Beef tongue, spider roll, and of course the foie gras nigiri :D . I havent tried all of them but I order these every time i've been there. Yonaka didnt get a 5 star rating from me cause there are some dishes that will disappoint you. As well as a very slow service. So don't eat here if youre in a rush.( I was here with only 3 other tables and it was still slow) I ordered my beef tongue when i sat down and it didnt come until an hour+ later. Dont get me wrong, it's DELICIOUS and i'll order it everytime but does it really take an hour to make it!? I just think that this place would taste a lot better if it ran a lot smoother. I'm usually the one telling my mom to be patient but when I get antsy I know it has been awhile. Bottom line theres some great stuff here that it warrants five stars but the cons dropped it to four.
4	The decor is lovely, the service was attentive and friendly, and the food was amazing! Can't wait to go back! I don't think there's anything bad on the menu. The brussels sprouts are delicious, as well as the ribs.  Cannot wait to go back soon.
5	I don't usually write reviews for anything ever.  But this restaurant is SO AMAZING that I just had to.  It would be a sin if I didn't.  I can't even begin to explain how good this place is.  I am a foodie, I appreciate textures, presentation, originality, flavor combinations.  And this place has it all.  I've been telling all my friends to check this place out and everyone has been blown away like me.  I'm totally serious -- in my opinion this is THE BEST restaurant in Las Vegas.  In fact, I ate at Nobu the other day and although it was amazing I think Yonaka's has it beat.  Please please please do yourself a favor and check this place out.  I'm not going to recommend anything because at this point I've probably had at least half of the menu items and they've all been amazing.  Well OK, I'll recommend a few things.  First of all, the chocolate dessert plate is out of this world.  The cold plates are unreal.  The sushi rolls are excellent but in my opinion not as good as the cold plate options.  I just tried the octopus dish today and was really surprised how good it was.  And the new dessert addition -- the cheddar flan -- was also super super good.  Most of the people I know are crazy about the brussel sprouts -- I think they are good but I'm not crazy about them.  Then again, I normally hate brussel sprouts and these are pretty good so that in and of itself is a feat.  The saki orenji, the crudo, the karaage, any of the wagyu beef options (the berry, peach, mushroom sauce, etc) are all amazing.
5	Customer service... informative, tentative and kind. Food... Delicious. Simply delicious. Taste the flavors of their artwork.You will have an experience of your own. Check out their menu. I suggest the following: Appetizer: Crispy Brussels SproutsMain: Hamachi (sashimi)Desert: Chokoreto
2	I had high expectation for this place since Yelp gave it 4 1/2 stars. But nothing impressed me. Brussels sprout was ok, uni was frozen and had bitter taste, ikura was not fresh, started getting mushy, beef tongue was too dried. Worst was the sushi rice, no taste of vinegar. 2 stars is for the service, decoration and Choya plum wine.
5	Very good food, that is all.
5	Solid place, loved the food. Everything was amazing. The prices aren't too bad with, which is even more amazing. I hear their happy hour is great, so I'll have to check that out soon. Even better that it's available on weekends, since it's hard to make happy hours on weekdays with my work schedule. The standouts for me were the raw fish and pork dishes.
3	I heard a lot of great things about this place and read some of the reviews that also said the same. But I was a bit disappointed when I finally dined here. A few of the dishes I ordered were pretty good but overall I think they're focusing too much on trying to create "unique" dishes and the presentation that it was just too much. As the saying goes "simple is better"... definitely applies here. Not sure if I'll be trying this place again.
5	I've been here a couple of times since July.  I like taking visitors to restaurants off the strip and this one is great!The first time I went I asked the server for suggestions and she suggested the Crispy Brussels Sprouts.  After I finished laughing, she told me I HAD to try it.  I have had brussels sprouts once and it was not a good experience and I swore never again.  But the server was insistent that I should try it.  I decided to put my faith in my server and we ordered a plate of brussels sprouts.  Then we ordered another.  Yonaka is probably the only place I will ever eat brussels sprouts agin.Another dish enjoyed by my guests and I are the Tea Smoked Ribs.  Now, honestly, it's hard to make a bad rib.  I like Yonaka's version a lot.  Tea smoked, deep mahogany color, flavorful, and tender.  Fatty?  Yes.  What do you expect?  They're ribs.  Don't want the fat?  Get the sushi.  The food is very good and very creative.  In addition to their regular menu, they also have a happy hour menu and a daily special menu.  Different foods have different preparation times so if you are in a hurry, this isn't the place.  This is a place to have a great, unhurried meal.  The staff is friendly, knowledgable, and attentive.
1	Why is this place rated so high? The food is gross! We ordered a variety  of things but I seriously couldn't even eat much of anything. Even the crispy chicken was boring and blah...how can you mess up fried chicken? I'm a huge fan of scallops and these would of been good had them come out hot from being seared. They were cold and I didn't even want to finish more than half of one. The service was trying so hard to be fine dining and missing the mark. The hostess who half the time brought stuff out couldn't answer general questions however. I mean fine dining and that price tag your servers should be on point. My other complaint is that they let me water and my wine glass go empty. We waited nearly an hour and a half for the food to come out as well. I was so annoyed and hungry when I walked out....NEXT!
5	Molecular gastronomy meets Japanese. Well thought out combinations of foods that are elegantly prepared to produce a visually inspiring, mouth watering, and taste-bud hipnotizing meal. Easily the best sushi I've ever had. Highly recommended !
5	Service is a plus. The interior looks great. I've had the same server for both of the times that I've went so far. He goes over the menu for a brief 5-mins intro of their selections and categories. He speaks highly of their happy hour menu, quoting as "one of the very best" because they take their most popular items and make them cheaper for HH :0). I'll list all the dishes I've gotten on my 2 visits (all HH except for the fatty tuna) and what ones I wouldn't mind getting again. Beet Fries $5-- I'm not really a fan of beet fries so this did not stick out to me, but whatever the sauce is, that was pretty yum.Sake Orenji $7-- Delish! I got it both times. There's a nice kick to it and I like the touch of the oranges with it.Lipa Roll $7-- Pretty standard tasting in terms of a roll.Negihama Roll $5-- Yellowtail with scallions and that was pretty decent.Negitoro Roll $7-- Bluefin tuna toro with scallions. Decent.Crunchy spicy tuna hand roll $5-- Nothing special really. Might wanna add your own wasabi.Chuka buns $7-- It's got pork belly, green apple, cilantro, jalapeno, shallots, black lime, and kimchee puree. It reminds me of the Great Bao buns and it's not too shabby, but I wouldn't be begging for it.Karaage $5-- Surprisingly decent. I guess I got used to the lame ones at those ramen places.Gyu Sliders $7-- Double no. It was bland and tasted quite plain. I ended up dipping it in the sauce from the beet fries and that made it taste less bland, lol. Don't recommend this one personally.Fatty Tuna Nigiri $5 apiece-- If you're the type that likes your fish-on-rice plain and simple, then you might not like how they add seasonings and shiz on it. I liked it, though :0).I'll be back to try a few of the other things that I missed from their Happy Hour menu as well as try some daily specials fish (sashimi) another time :0). Happy Hour is from 5-630pm and 11pm-2am daily. They open from 5pm-2am daily.
4	Great food and friendly service! Somewhat pricey even for Happy hour but it's a definite must to check out!
4	This is good sushi and modern Japanese food creations. I shared the $60 tasting menu with a friend. It started strong, but finished a little weak in the sense that the creativity fell off: they included a fried chicken dish that left us with the impression that it was meant to fill you up for cheap. However, the best things we tried were not in the tasting menu like grilled foie gras sushi and the spare ribs. I think this is a great place to try and it has a lot of potential.
5	With good food you can't really go wrong, and that's exactly what Yonaka serves! The service is a huge incentive to go also. The staff are extremely friendly and do their best to make you feel comfortable enabling you to fully appreciate the music, restaurant design, servers, and most importantly the food! Everything on the menu was created with great preparation and true thought to your pallet. I highly recommend this place.
3	This place makes some truly incredible dishes. I am a fan, and I will probably go back at some point. It's pretty pricey, but I think it's occasionally worth the cost if you know which few menu items to avoid. So, let me get that out of the way first!Karaage (Fried): too sweet, too much fish sauce. I just didn't like this at all. It had potential, but I felt like it was done poorly.Chokoreto (Dessert): this dish is trying way too hard. Far too many contrasting flavors, and most of the combinations of them just didn't go well together. Yuzu ice cream was novel but awkward, and the combination of lime and chocolate just isn't good. My friend and I both really disliked this one.But now that I've said those things, let me reiterate that if you decide to splurge on a meal here, you'll probably be very happy that you did. I strongly recommend:Sushi omakase, their fish quality is truly excellent.Pokuyaki, absolutely incredible interplay of crispy textures, fruity flavors, and meltingly tender pork.Flan with cheddar ice cream (was on special the day I went). This dessert was mind-blowing. Yes, it was cheddar ice cream, and it was amazing. Seriously, get this if it's available.Anything with wagyu - they serve excellent quality steak dishes.The service is very sharp and not a single beat was missed during the entire meal. However, the chefs were not talkative or engaging at all. Overall, I recommend this restaurant, but you should expect to spend a good chunk of money here.
5	With the wide array of Asian fare available in Las Vegas beyond the strip, Japanese cuisine continues to lead the pack in terms of variety and innovation.  With heavy emphasis on presentation in Japanese dishes(often to create the illusion of more with less), they inevitably begin to resemble works of art.  If Japanese small plates in Las Vegas were to be represented by famous artists I would label them as the following:Raku= Picasso- the old master, consistently brilliant and timeless with indisputable genius and imaginationKyara= Cezanne- transition between the traditionalists and the modernists pulling in influences from various sources Ichiza= Warhol- iconic and often overhyped/controversial in public opinionWith Yonaka, Rene Magritte comes to mind:-Magritte is from Belgium (the signature appetizer is the crispy "Brussels" sprouts with puffed rice, coincidence?)-Often overlooked and underrated (much like Yonaka's location off the strip in an unassuming retail center on Flamingo and Decatur) -Challenges convention while giving new meaning to the familiar (compressed watermelon with house made fish sauce and thai basil? But of course!)-Much like his most famous work "The Son of Man" (http://uploads2.wikipaintings.org/images/rene-magritte/son-of-man-1964(1).jpg) there is  frequent juxtaposition of fruit in unexpected settings at Yonaka, like the dynamite combination of orange supremes with salmon and tobiko or the tender cuts of wagyu served with peach salsa and slices of georgia peach, which all work in surrealistic harmony.-Pierce's Brosnan's title character in "The Thomas Crown Affair" takes inspiration from Magritte's "Son of Man" to pull off a seemingly impossible art heist at the climactic conclusion, and the happy hour menu offered at 5-630PM and 11-2AM offer food and libations at such low prices/great value, your bill will seem like the steal of the century.Perfect for a first date, gathering of friends, or an intro to the local scene for an out-of-town visitor, Yonaka is modern Asian cuisine executed to perfection, and the food does in fact tastes as good if not better than it looks.
5	Outstanding. my wife and I are foodies. We shared the Omakase six course. Enough food for 2 to share. Outstanding wagyu strawberry dish. Also amazing the Atlantic Salmon with orange. Mike the Waiter was great. Overall excellent service. Will come back soon!!!
5	The service was impeccable. The food was sumptuous. I don't believe I've ever had a meat so tender and so delectable that I could cut it with chopsticks!When our waitress was leaving her shift she was kind enough to bring another waiter to our table, introduce him and thank us.
5	A very nice spot away from the craziness of The Strip. I found this excellent restaurant on Yelp and was not dissapointed. I liked the unusual offerings and presentation of the delicious selections we ordered. The brussel sprouts were amazing, fish very fresh and rolls tasty. The service was good (although could have been a soft spot as our server seemed young and inexperienced, but I'm cutting her some slack because she was nice.) I especially appreciated the manager stopping by and checking in with us...overall, a really nice dining experience.
5	Vegas antidote.  All hits, no misses.  Totally unassuming place on W Flamingo Rd, near strip, with sensitive and satisfying kitchen.  Compares with Uchiko (last year's Top Chef, Paul Qui) in Austin at 1/3 the price.  In fact, as much as I like Uchiko, I'd like Yonaka better even if prices were equivalent.  It is this good.6 course, chef's choice omakase last night brought us a sequence of beautiful proteins (raw fish from Tsukiji, grilled Waygu tenderloin, slow-cooked kurobuta spare ribs, etc.) prepared with an array of housemade sauces (delicate to spirited), accompanied by perfectly roasted Brussels sprouts, Japanese beers, preceded by super little amuse bouche, carried along by a couple of palate cleansers, and served by informed, thoughtful staff.  Executive chef, Ramir, is engaging and friendly, and is complemented by other chefs behind the sushi bar/open kitchen, waitstaff and management who are unaffected by just how completely good Yonaka is.  Their style is infectious: One particularly loud, obnoxious table across the restaurant (poor folks couldn't have had a clue what they were eating) brought reactions of quiet patience and humor from team Yonaka and relaxed the rest of us, helping to further illuminate the really cool folks making/serving us dinner.  A restaurant this good could have all kinds of attitude and Yonaka embodies the opposite:  graciousness and warm humility infused our experience which only made the truly beautiful food that much more transcendent.
1	Omg. We looked up this place on yelp. This is a 4 half rate restaurant. But I REALLY DON'T F*** KNOW HOW THEY GET THIS!!!???!!!??!?  The food was only ok. Some of them were fine and others were awful.  And the food comes sooooo SlOW.     We were in this restaurant for more than 2 hours and the food is still not all on.  I think they were trying hard to make it a fine dining restaurant but they really failed.       Hope they can improve better.
5	Super interesting and great food! A definite must see. So many unique combinations of food that I have never had but well worth it.
5	Yonaka you are a class act! You deserve 5 stars if not more. The food was terrific,the service super,and the restaurant itself very clean,simple,and quite comfortable. Kudos to Charlie our waiter who was an absolute delight and catered to our every whim. Yelpers do not miss this terrific place.
5	Awesome service (jax and the Caucasian server). Food was incredible and combinations were really interesting but so tasty. Would come back in a heart beat.
1	Idk if the people leaving such good reviews for this restaurant have little experience with sushi or they simply like coming here because of the novelty of overpriced food. The tuna sashimi was the worst sashimi I have ever had. I needed to douse my food with soy sauce to make it edible even though I hate soy sauce!Service was extremely slow. My nigiri arrived 75 minutes after I ordered it.Sushi was extremely dry though it had some interesting flavors. Only positive note was the beautiful plating of the food. Except who cares about plating when the food is average-tasting at best.
5	Great place; super cool staff, on the whole (Filipina waitress was wonderful); went with friends last week on a tip while visiting LV and were delighted with nigiri, sashimi and composed dishes, alike.  The uni (fresh from Channel Islands, off Santa Barbara) on scallops dish was a particularly great take on a Japanese original.  Service was strong, overall, with one episode of soy sauce spilling on a diner's jeans from an over-eager, but, sweet, manager.  Two suggestions:  Please make sure the hojicha or genmaicha is served in a warmed mug and nearly piping at 170-175degF (ours was lukewarm); and, please consider offering a lighter, more tradional dessert.***Noto bene to Roman, Franklin, Marissa and other Yelp haters -- others who will never "get" a place like Yonaka:  there is a Chinese mega-buffet with mountains of cheap "sushi" near you where you can be as loud and tacky as you like, and, where you can fill up your gut with non-sustainable fish that's likely mismarked, e.g. what you think has been hamachi all this time has actually been something else (bait fish, rejected by fishermen), washed in bleach.  You can actually then pass out in the booth at said same establishment once you've had your fill, awaken a few hours later and then hit the buffet, again!!  Such a deal!! They also have unlimited fortune cookies!!  And, vanilla pudding!!  Oooooh, you're such celebrities!!***Oh, and, oenophiles, spare us ALL, please, your whineeee complaints about corkage fees, etc:  it is so Junior Varsity to order red with sushi, in the first place; it is even more JV to actually bring a big red (or, "buttery chard") with you from your private stash.  In the best Japanese restaurants (think Jiro-san's Michelin 3-star, Sukiyabashi in Ginza), the progression is sake and beer with early courses, progressing to hojicha with later, then, fresh matcha whisked up to accompany sweet course (and, not much of that), to finish.  Save that "amazing", leggy cab that you simply cannot live without and must carry around in its own, special wine carrier for your philistine buddies and those corn-fed, USDA Prime, 24oz, steroid-laden T-bones at the country club where you, as the great Bacchus, god of wine, can lord over lesser beings with your phenomenal ability to actually drink $200.00+ bottles of wine in public with a straight (and, way too serious) face...  And, gentle eaters, kindly stop rubbing your chopsticks together, making soy sauce-wasabi emulsions, and, dipping the rice portion of the nigiri into the soy sauce, will ya?!Yonaka works on so many levels, but, it works best for the more experienced, subtle diner who's actually spent time in bigger markets (especially Japan) and who can appreciate just how good this place really is.  There is a fine, well-edited selection of beers, etc., along with really good sakes (it's World Sake Month, so, good specials, now), and, thoughtfully selected wines, etc., so, appreciate the staff and ask for pairing recommendations.  The measure you give is the measure you receive...  At @ $60.00/person for sharing the abundant 6 course omakase (w/drinks), we kept wondering where the rest of the check was.  This is one of the great deals out there, folks.
4	I learned about this place through 2 of my chef friends from red square at Mandalay.  Late night happy hour is where it is at.  Al the workers are very friendly and very helpful.  This place puts a different flare on japanese food.  Every dish is plated beautifully and everything on the dish is meant to be eaten together to get the full effect.I have been here multiple times and always enjoy every food.  The happy hour menu is always changing depending on what is in season currently.Some things I would recommend are the scallop and foie gras nigiri.  Also my all time favorite dish here is the chukka buns.All the fish here is definitely fresh and well prepared.
5	FANTASTIC!  This place is incredible. Brussel sprouts, followed by Asian Bacon, sashimi, and several other items, wrapping up with tuna on watermelon, with cilantro and jalepeno and basil oil drizzled on top!I just can't say enough positive about the food and service.  The staff was welcoming, professional, and the food was delivered promptly but not rushing.  Worth a very short taxi ride from the Strip.  Worth a very long plane ride from the east coast, too!
5	Amazing food and service!  Very nice servers and atmosphere!
5	Excellent place, and a very unique eating experience! Everything we tried here - the starters, the sashimi, the rolls, the coffee-seasoned pork belly were all extremely delicious and such a strange, yet sumptuous blend of ingredients and flavors. We left the place with fully sated appetites and a conviction to eat out here every time we come back to Vegas.
5	Happy hour happy hour happy hour! While I have dined here for dinner as well, the happy hour is what draws a lot of people to Yonaka. Consisting of around 20 items or so, the happy hour menu has a great variety of flavors, some of which are as high quality as it gets.I'm honestly addicted to avocado nigiri, even if its super simple and not even special. At a dollar a pop though, I could go there and just order 10 of these and be very happy. I should just learn to make it myself, huh?My personal favorites are, besides the avocado, the new pork belly, the chicken karaage, and the tea ribs. Ok, so I'm favoring the meaty dishes, but they're fantastic deals at their price. I've been making it a point to try pork belly a lot more because it can vary greatly in quality based off preparation and the source of the meat, and Yonaka's is one of the better ones I've had, with a good balance of fat and meat.As for service and environment, Yonaka's staff is very attentive and polite, while the decor is very modern and clean. One cool thing is they often (I can't remember if it was every time) give you a little taster at the beginning of the meal!
1	They have fresh fish that is for sure, and I think that they have capable and competent sushi team.  It started off pretty well.  I was promptly greeted and then given a detailed overview of there philosophy around only serving one item at a time to fully enjoy each serving.  In essence to "Focus" on the course.I can appreciate the desire for a "Zen" experience around the serving.  Certainly at many of the finer establishments I have been to this has been the case.However they are still going through the growing pains of a new restaurant which I found to be surprising.  The space is much too big a space for their ability to put out consistent and reliable food.  The friendly woman managing the front of the house does a great job explaining the concept they are going for.  However, they are SOOOO concerned with "pacing" so I can "focus" on one dish at a time that it took 70 minutes between my app and my first piece of fish.  I had all that time to focus on no food and crappy service which over shadowed the originality they were going for.  What little I got tasted great, but I would never go back again.As a note, to the fellow from Austin that rather snobbishly insulted about everyone he could.  You should be embarrassed to compare this place to Jiro Ono and his business in the Ginza Tokio Subway station.  Yonaka's wasn't consistent between preparations of the same dish at the same station let alone over decades.  Most certainly Yonaka's is not even worthy of a Las Vegas gamers's dinning award let alone a Michelin star.Again, fresh fish (which most can get at their local Uwajimaya market, Ranch 99, or similar market).  They also have an interesting concept of a fully prepared bite with the ideal flavor combination, but they have a very long way to go.  Frankly, if I'm getting fully on water while I wait they aren't going to sell me very much food.  So whatever success might be found is going to start with figuring out a pacing of food and a consistent quality product while they still have the appeal of being new.
5	Tried everything in the "Happy Hour" menu. Amazing!!!   Infusion of fruits, herbs and even flowers added to the complexity and unique flavors profile. Every dish was a delicious experience.
4	I came here with three others on a Thursday night. We didn't have any reservations, but that wasn't a problem as there were plenty of tables available. My friends decided to come here based off of Yelp reviews. They were expecting common Americanized sushi rolls like rainbow, dragon, and california rolls. Now, Yonaka definitely had rolls, but none that they really recognized. I opted for the 5 piece Sushi Omakase. I love being surprised! I really can't recall the fish that I had, but you really can't go wrong with this. Everything was surprisingly fresh (being in Las Vegas and all) and very tasty. I liked that they only included small drops of soy sauce. There is no way I could overpower the fish with the sauce and I think just that tiny bit of sauce brought out more of the flavor of the fish. Excellent! My friends ordered some rolls that I didn't get to try, but they left unsatisfied. They didn't want to order anymore as it would have been too expensive. They wanted more bang for their buck. We also ordered a bottle of TY KU Coconut Sake. This went down extremely smooth. The marketing manager came out to speak with us and explained their concept - how they strive to modernize their dishes and incorporate non-traditional ingredients for a great balance of flavors. I really didn't feel like I experience that in my dish, but they provided a complementary after dinner appetizer which exemplified their concept. It was chopped apple and pears in a lemony fish sauce. Sounds weird, but totally works. We all loved it. I loved the decor. Very classy and modern. I love the wood paneling and the wood blocks at both ends of the room. Great place for a date.
5	Five stars for Yonaka, I'm a fan! When it comes to food, I get a little nervous to try new places, but dinner tonight.. AMAZING! Yonaka is a modern Japanese restaurant that serves tapas, sushi and sashimi. (Not a AYCE for a flat rate spot) When you walk in you automatically are blown away. Judging from the outside you would never expect such a beautiful, modern and trendy place inside. From the customized brick walls, the elegant lanterns, the awesome tables with built in menu holders, to the comfy stylish sofa. The dress code for this place I was told by the server is casual... I gotta tell ya.. I was feeling really under dressed in my yoga pants, sweatshirt and beanie. Looking around at the other customers, hostess, servers, chefs and managers..I would say semi formal. The service was phenomenal! They have a great solid team here who knows what great customer service is. Sad to say.. I am allergic to strawberries, one of our dishes contained strawberries. They took our dish back and gave us a new one that was strawberry free! Charlie was our main server, but everyone was great, food came out in a timely manner and tasted scrumptious! The plating on all the dishes was absolutely beautiful. Jackie, one of the managers was so enjoyable to talk to. She recommended some fantastic dishes to us and gave us a little insight on what and where some of their ingredients are from. Overall, incredible. It wasn't just dinner.. it was a experience and journey from begging to end! I just found my new favorite spot!Here are all the amazing dishes we tried! I recommend all of them and will definitely order them again my next visit! I also posted pictures of each dish we ordered. Oishii desu!Seaweed salad, Sake (I forgot which one, but it was served in a wooden box), Meat candy (my favorite, we had to have 2 orders!), Coconut ceviche, Beef tongue, Pork belly buns, Atlantic salmon, Wagyu & scallops(cook yourself on a hot rock), fennel chips and for dessert.. Flan and cheddar!Be sure to come in during happy hour! 5pm-6:30pm, 11pm-2am
5	Very good service and knowledgable staff, good variety of delicious sushi creations , I was pleasantly surprised
5	5 stars for effort - we shared the tasting menu, which turned out to be 6 entrees with a huge amount of meat/fish in each course. A really good value, but I don't know how they can make money on it, especially with what seemed like the 1:1 waiter:table ratio. Didn't have room to try any rolls on top of the tasting, would be nice if one was included as a course.
5	Yonaka is on my top five favorite restaurants of all time. From the service to the freshness of everything they served, it was top notch. The niche about this place is the experience. It's unlike ordinary restaurants where you sit, order, eat as fast as possible and leave. The food is to die for and I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys unique flavors and seafood. Will definitely be going back!
5	If you're having a case of the munchies at 11pm, make sure to check out the happy hour menu at Yonaka to take advantage of discounted prices on some food and drink. Even for dinner, prices are pretty reasonable compared to lot of quality Japanese restaurants serving this caliber of food. If it's your first time here, the omakase is the way to go. The ambience is nice for a date night and the service is prompt and friendly.Almost everything is good here. Standing out from their regular menu were the uni to ikura dish, wagyu beef and the seared foie gras sushi. The latter is just so buttery, it melts in your mouth. There are also several must-try items on their happy hour menu like the crispy brussel sprouts; the sake orenji which consists of salmon sashimi on top of sweet oranges and special sauce; and the chuka buns which are yummy pork belly baos. Don't care what those talking chihuahuas say, this is the place to go for fourth meal.With more delicious dishes to try, Yonaka is quickly becoming one of my favorite places to eat.
5	Vegas best kept secret?  Best service and food. Happy hour selection great with Asahi draft and sake also. Perhaps my best meal in Vegas this week... And I ate pretty well!
1	I was glad to finally find a place that wasn't AYCE that wasn't on the strip. Looking at the reviews I was excited & thought I was in for an awesome dining experience. We ordered the Brussel sprouts since that's what so many people suggested based on the reviews. They didn't have much flavor & tasted charred. They brought a side of sauce which made it better but not great . We had the Lida roll which was decent but really dry. Our server told us that the chef doesn't liked to put lots of sauce on the rolls. I don't like lots of sauce but I also don't like choking on something dry. The edamame was ok, I've had way better. The daily special of something coconut ceviche was lackluster. The tuna didn't taste like it was good quality, def didn't taste any coconut & overall it wasn't very flavorful. We had another roll Okura(sp)? and it was just ok. It needed more miso sauce since it was very dry as well. For the record I'm not a mayo roll kinda girl. I also don't like feeling like what I'm swallowing won't go down. I've eaten sushi all over the world & I'm totally down with eclectic Japanese fusion (or whatever they call it). But this place was way off the mark. I grew up in the restaurant biz so I'm thankful to have had the privilege of knowing what good quality food is. I give this place props for trying something diff but they need to do something about adding more flavor to their dishes. I left feeling empty. I will say that we had a humorous server which helped make the dryness a lil more palatable but not enough to warrant another visit to this establishment nor would I recommend it to friends.
4	Everything was good but the dessert they tasted funny. Sangria's good too. Come during happy hour and be willing to spend some$! =) We had a party over 10 and they were willing to move around tables to our liking. Good customer service they were always coming around clearing our empty dishes and refilling water, etc. The manager or marketing lady came to visit us as well.
5	We were staying at the Orleans Hotel, ughhh never again, and one of our friends wanted to have Sushi at the hotel. We checked Yelp and found this place that was very close.Well if we could give this place 10 stars we would.The food and service was what you would get at a top fine dining place. It was all fantastic and the servers are very helpful in ordering.If we lived here we would be here once a week.
5	Yonaka is amazing! They take ordinary sushi and make it something special.Everything we tried on the menu was great. We especially enjoyed the salmon prepared various ways and the sake selection.If you are a visitor, take the time to head off the strip a bit to try this place and if you are a local, why haven't you been here yet!?
5	This place was great
5	I cannot begin to fathom how many mothers right now are shaking their heads and thinking, "I told you so," as their children tell them, "I just had Brussels sprouts and they were AMAZING!" I feel like that is the only thing that has not yet been said about Yonaka.
5	It's been a long while since I was here and wrote a review...So sorry to the great people who were there and created a great experience for me and my business consorts that I brought with me.Let me begin with this and say this place is TRUELY SPECIAL!!!! WARNING! DO NOT just recommed to any ol' Crunchy Roll eating, edamame popping, soy sauce drenching "japanese food fan" to this restaurant. It would be ashame if they didn't understand the beauty behind the food here and such a waste!Since, I can't remember exactly what I ordered, I will just say that EVERYTHING, EVERYTHING SINGLE DISH was AMAZING!!! I feel someone could eat sushi for their whole lives, and never once experience something so enlightening as the meal we had at Yonaka. Don't let the location and generic signage out front fool you. Yonaka is on par if not better than some of the most well known sushi restaurants in all New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Tokyo, so on and so forth. Nobu better watch his back! There's not doubt in my mind of the freshness, creativity, vision, and perfect execution from creators and chefs at this place, and seeing as though Las Vegas is desert, it just blows my mind why they chose here for their debut restaurant, but it is not a place to be missed!! I will continue to return again and again whenever I get a chance. I just want to say thank you to their manager, Jackson. She was a pleasure, (of course so were the rest of the staff), but I appreciate her taking great care of our party and extending her continued engagement with us.
5	I would recommend the 6 course meal especially for dinner for two, they dish out their best dishes and you get the taste of their Japanese tapas fruit fusion.  But if your really hungry they have an 8 course meal.  Ambiance is great and service was top notch.
4	Really good food with some exotic and rare flavors. I love the creativity of the chef, mixing Japanese fusion with what seems like Vietnamese flavors. Some of the sauces I liked, but some I didn't like. A lot of things we ordered had fish sauce mixed into it. Our dinner was tapas style, so lots of small dishes. I don't know the dishes' names because I didn't order them, but I'll try to explain them as best as I can. Happy Hour FTW.-sake orenji- salmon sashimi with mandarin oranges; refreshing.-sangria! yummy! strong though.-pork ribs- great flavor and tender.-spicy tuna roll- always love these.-beef satay- tender.-garlic fried chicken- yummy! batter was just right.This one dish I didn't like was the fruit mix with fish sauce. I don't know, but I usually don't associate fruits with fish sauce. LOL. We all left the dish there after trying one bite.Anyways, give this place a try! GREAT presentation on every single dish.
4	Although I'm not usually eager to eat Asian food in Vegas (seafood in the desert!), the stellar review from my favorite Hawaii/Vegas food snob, Rod U., was just too enticing. Since I was venturing to Vegas for a tame trip with my mom, I made reservations on OpenTable for our first night there.The Happy Hour menu is extensive. In fact, we ordered almost exclusively off the HH menu. They have both an early and late night HH.Crispy Brussels Sprouts - I loved this. I like brussels sprouts in general, and this had a fantastic mix of textures with a tangy dressing.Agedashi Tofu - Nothing unusual but a solid preparation.Crudo - Very fresh, good textures.Kakiage - Standard, not too greasy, and well fried.Shimi Buns - I'm a carb fiend, and I just loved the actual buns.Gyu Sliders - I didn't love this. Give me real buns (heehee).Tea-Brined Ribs - A nice meaty bite.For future visits, my definite repeat orders, if available, would be the brussels sprouts and the shimi buns, but there were many other things I wanted to try as well. Service was great - friendly and attentive without being too invasive. Although it was not intentional, because we ordered so many HH items, the bill was really cheap (tip accordingly!). Yonaka is located about 10 minutes off the strip and is easy to find with good parking. Recommended.
4	I came here with friends for an early dinner before a show and it happned to be happy hour (HH 5-6:30pm). Three of us order a total of 17 dishes and the bill was less than $150 (WHAT A DEAL). The couple next to us later congratulated us on our monstrous feast. This is a modern take on Japanese Cuisine but tapas style. All of the dishes were great but the Cool Platess were excellent. My favorites are crudo, sake orenji, konpa. I could have done without the sliders and the takorizo. There is nothing wrong with those dishes but I didn't like the Mediterranean take on the takorizo and the sliders were a bit dry. However, 15 great dishes out of 17 ordered is fine by me. The fish was fresh. The ponzu sauce was flavorful with  a great soy base and bright citrus notes. Each dish looked like a work of art. Every ingredient in all their dishes were thoughtfully prepared and placed harmoniously to produce a masterful bite. I found out later that their soy sauce is specially blended for them. Jakks (female) is the manager and she came to see how we were doing at least 3 times. I will definitely be back.
4	Overall the food here is really good. My boyfriend and I really enjoyed the miso soup, one of their side salad, the Atlantic salmon sashimi, which was amazing, and the sake sangria was delicious. We will definitely return to Yonaka next time we are in Las Vegas.
5	Loved it. We're staying at ARIA, and this was away from the strip but it was so worth it. The manager made it a great experience. Thanks guys!
5	The sushi here is amazing. Ambiance is chic/cute.  We've ordered the omakase special, uni/sea urchin, foie gras, etc. for 3 ppl which was plenty.  Omakase special is by far the best choice of order inorder to try out a new restaurant & chef potential.  The restaurant didn't disappoint me.  It is now one of my must go to restaurant whenever I'm in town.
5	Amazing. Everything was outstanding. The combos can sound intimidating on paper, but once you taste them, they totally make sense. The salmon and persimmon dish mimics bacon, the wagyu is a must. You can't go wrong with anything. Homemade ginger ale is awesome, as is the coconut sake. The service was really something. Everyone seemed to really about how our experience was, how we heard of them. It really made a difference.
3	The service was really good.  The food was so so.  We ordered the scallop hotateyaki and it was served lukewarm and overcooked.  Dishes were served sporadically and we were left wanting and waiting many times.The karaage was very different than what we have been used to and not in a better way.  The chicken tasted squishy and soggy.  Too much use of the same garnish on a lot of the dishes made it seem very same.The best dish we had was the kurobuta pork dish.Lastly not sure why, but the food gave us really putrid breath.
5	Great food as usual had an array of dishes, brussel sprouts, agedashi tofu, seared tuna, nana iro, nikku berry,  and the list goes on and on. No disappointment here!!!! Nice place to take a date, beautifully decorated and ambiance.One of my wife's favorite restaurants!
5	this place was amazing. they encourage a very Zen experience. take any suggestions from your server. Charlie was ours and he even got me to try sashimi. (which im usually afraid of!!) it was not only good, but its something id order myself from now on! great date night spot!
5	Incredible!! If you've never been try the 6 course meal. Sample of everything. Gave me free dessert for bday (beet ice cream) and it was tast-tastic. Service amazing and the bathroom is fun too pee in
5	This place is nothing short of amazing. Tapas style plates. We tried the 6 course for 2 and it was like nothing I've ever had. The blending of flavors, fruits, fish, spice, etc. ah-mazing. The coconut sake was delish.  Take a cab here or walk from Palms/Rio. I wish I could eat here every day. Great service and fantastic food. Best new restraunt I've been to in a long time.
1	Worst happy hour selection you will ever see for sushi. 3 items to choose from, and one is avocado and rice. Edemame is covered in some kind of seasoned salt or cajun spice, which is no good. We got there at 6:00 on a Friday and it was completely empty. Bad sign, this place won't last long. Owner and staff were very nice. Priding themselves on Japanese cuisine intermixed with food around the world. Which begs the question, why is your menu then smaller than most sushi restaurants? And come on, no sashimi at all on the happy hour menu, and 2 weak rolls on it. Bad menu. Go to a real Japanese restaurant and skip this "modern" aka failing restaurant. We spent 30 bucks a person and went away hungry, could have hit up yama sushi or other great choices in Vegas and had all you can eat with better selection.
5	Amazing quality food, interesting pairings, and cute place. They don't drown the sushi in nasty sweet salty syrupy sauces like most sushi places these days. I love how they let the natural flavors shine. My favorites are the wagyu sear it yourself, Nana Iro, and Tuna with watermelon. The service is great, very attentive. Definitely comparable to the other high end sushi places like Nobu.
5	We had an absolutely fantastic experience at Yonaka last night. The food was great; the service was excellent. The menu is so unique. No need to try ordinary sushi rolls. No need for wasabi or soy sauce. Wish this place was in OC.
4	I'm a little late to the party as usual on trying this place. My first time here, it had already been open for some time, and I had heard what an awesome happy hour they had, so when I finally got here, we had to order one of each item. Brussel Sprouts-my favorite item on the menu. Crispy and tender with a really nice taste of citrus on them. I would've eaten more brussel sprouts growing up if mom could make them like this!Crudo-I love seabass, so this is a no brainer. Did I say the sprouts are my favorite? This might take first place. Perfect cuts of fish fused with lemon herb oil and the heirloom tomatoes make this dish so good.Karaage-Fried chicken with mint, jalapeno, basil and onions. The marinade is amazing, I ended up eating the scraps left at the bottom of the plate it was so good.Chuka Buns-Pork belly, apples on a steamed bun. I've had this twice and it's not my favorite. I find the pork to be really tough.Coconut Nigori-delicious.  A must try.Service was great the first time we came, but the second time around, we were only able to get in one order before happy hour ended. Our server never came back around to check on us. This was a bummer. Definitely will come back for happy hour. Or maybe to try the Omakase.
4	Awesome presentation, quality, & service... Artful, fresh, & delicious, and I am now a regular. Amazingly creative dinner for two plus a 750ml bottle of Kurosawa (Black River) Junmai Kimoto Sake $147... home sweet home!
5	This is a VERY good rzestaurant: wildly unusual and very creative blending of flavors, textures, and colors, very efficient and friendly wait staff, and excellent value for what you get.  A foodies dream!  Take a look at the menu, grab your date, and enjoy a superb dinner away from the faux glamor of the Strip.  Our new favorite in LV.
5	nice place, good location, great food, the chef really knows what he's doing, the design of the food is amazing, fabulous experience here & will definitely come back!
5	Parking (5/5)The location is in excellent area, the restaurant shares its parking lot with other businesses in the plaza. Those business are not always packed, so its easy to find a parking spot, even on busy nights. Ambiance (5/5)The atmosphere is excellent at this restaurant, it has a vibe of a posh casino restaurant but the its more relaxed. It's not noisy, at least when I went their at night for their happy hour. Service (5/5)Service is excellent, there is no rush on ordering the food and each course is served as based on how your party is eating the food. Since, my friend Shawn and I were taking a lot of pics, we were taking our sweet time eating each item, and upon noticing this the restaurant staff paced how they would bring our meals. The staff was very friendly and courteous. Food (5/5)I want to apologize in advance for this review focusing on just one item. I'm writing this review 2 months after I went to this restaurant. I loved everything they served, but this one item they served changed my perspective on whole it, so here is goes. Not everyone is a fan of Uni; it looks scary from the outside and when you look at the meat, it looks like a tongue of cholera patient, yellow and slimy. So, I've always tried to avoid eating it for the texture reason. We decided to order the Fresh Uni, from their menu during their happy hour (also, its not part of their happy hours menu, ~$20). When they mean fresh, they really mean fresh, the spikes were still moving a little when it arrived on our table (see the pics below). Each piece of meat was placed on the radish strings, which were stuffed in the actual shell. The presentation was excellent. Upon taking one piece into my mouth it literally dissolved in my mouth, like a piece of butter does in a 500 oF oven. The flavor was exquisite, it was so smooth and buttery that I had to sit back and take it all in. This is the moment that I realized my love for Uni, it has to be fresh to be enjoyed properly. You can't expect the same flavor from any AYCE sushi restaurants. Overall (5/5), I wanted to write down negatives about this place, but I just can't find any. Happy hour (11PM - 1AM) is the best time to go here. Our bill came out to $30 for one of the best meal I've ever had. I also want to do a shout-out to my friend Shawn Hong for introducing me to this gem. Thanks bud.
5	The food was an absolute heavenly experience for my friend and I after finding this very unsuspecting restaurant. While eating the Sake Orenji, I had to sit back after a few bites and just close my eyes. It felt like instant meditation. The service was also incredible and incredibly friendly. We appreciated very much the woman (her name has slipped by, Jo? Possibly?) who came around to inquire on everyone's dining experience. We ended up talking to her forever (which was wonderful) and she told us a lot about the food, the goals of the chef and the staff, and just a lot about what you could tell was tons of heart and care put into every aspect of the operation. I truly hope the best for this place and tell everyone I can about eating here! I haven't had a dining experience like this in a long time that felt entirely complete and left my tummy and my spirit lifted. I love to see places like this where they really consider the art of food and turn it into an adventure. I could really brag about this place forever.
5	Having tried hundreds of Japanese restaurant in Asia, Europe and the US. This place is probably the best sushi place we had. A must go if you like sushi and you're visiting Vegas. Sake Orenji is their signature, a must try. Enjoy!
2	Food was good as well as drink when we finally got it. The service was horrible ! Considering they only had five tables .. They claim to be fine dinning but they need to speed up the service and pay attention to what the customer needs. It took fifteen minutes for us to get a refill on our waters, that's after I asked for a refill. I have never had to ask for a refill. Zenshin at southpoint is 5 stars all day compare to this place. I would never go there again.
5	It seems as though most Vegas sushi joints earn their stars from yelpers whose idea of a 5 star restaurant entails eating bad fish til they vomit at the price of $15. As a result, I actually had to read reviews (GASP!) to find Yonaka instead of relying on rating. Oh man, I'm glad I did; I can't remember the last time I had fish of that quality. The bar has been raised.
4	AWESOME PLACE.The food was delicious and the presentation was perfect. The waiter was pretty funny too, and the rest of the staff was knowledgeable and friendly. Great place to go to grab excellent food, better than the strip! Prices were a lot better too. I highly recommend this place if you are staying in Vegas and want more for your buck. We'll be back :)
5	I went there with my friends it was my first time there and i really falling in love of this place. The food was great! So many dishes we've tried. All the dishes was recommended by the server i forgot his name ( oops! ) great service. Defiantly going back again for my next visit sin city!
4	This is a fantastic modern Japanese tapas place.  I love great izakayas and have lived in Japan, so this place had a high bar to meet.  And it did.  The food was very good, and bonus points for the creativity of the flavors.  Best dishes we had were the brussel sprouts and the shishito peppers.  Despite my initial skepticism, the beet ice cream for dessert was also really good.  Decor and ambiance of this place is great for a date or a group of friends.  I'm reluctant, though, to give this place 5 stars, because the two fish dishes we had -- the suika sakana (watermelon tuna) and a yellowtail dish were slightly fishy.  Not too noticeable to be a problem, but there was still a fishy taste.  Their fish is sourced from Japan according to the general manager, so I'm not sure if the fish was just slightly too old or had a rough flight or what.  We'll be back for sure, but we'll probably try to order primarily non-fish dishes in light of this.
5	Very good Sushi! Very good restaurant!! Food taste amazing!! Sake organi is the star of my night!! We spent 2.5 hrs there and never recognized! This restaurant will become popular!!
5	Took a girls' trip to Vegas on Friday but didn't have reservations to any places on a Friday night. Found this place online and decided to try it out. We called around 6 pm to make a reservation for 6:30 pm but was told that there are no availability until 7:30 pm. We arrived at almost 7 pm and the place was my crowded. There are quite a number of seats left and we were seated right away. Restaurant had a tasting menu for $75, which included 6 items of the chef's choice. After asking the server about it we found out that we can get the tasting menu for everyone to try. I thought it was great that not everyone had to pay $75 for the tasting menu. I give it a 5 star for the prices alone. The portions were quite good. Tasting menu is not to make you full, but for $75, every dishes were served with five pieces. I am normally not a sushi eater, but I must say the sushi here is delish! All the sashimi pieces were served with the restaurant's own sauce. It is normally a very light sauce that makes the sashimi very flavorful. If you are not a sushi eater like myself, this would be a great place to start!Service was great here as well.
5	This was a great experience with very creative dishes. Very nice staff. Loved the sunomono and the yellowtail sushi!
5	Charlie may be my favorite server in Vegas. And I think he lives in the restaurant, as he has been there every time I have gone.
1	We're done.  How embarrassing to invite a visitor from NYC for a trendy, modern sushi meal - only to fall so terribly flat.  Yonaka has diminished it's ability to deliver quality and value expected from their projected image.First, they were out of a sake offering from the menu.  Either re-print the menu or strike it out from the list.  And we polished off two bottles of the substitute, so we're not stingy.  I'm annoyed with this trend - 2 in 1 night - restaurants with beverage offerings that are "out of stock".  Baloney!Second, the order of delivery of the dishes should be as presented to the waiter.  Edamame, sashimi and sushi - in that order.  Not the reverse, which is how the dishes came out.  I also fear the edamame was of the frozen variety.  Hey, guys and gals, we can get that dish at Costco.Third, don't tell me the "sushi chef is not taking special orders".  It's not like he or she was asked for milk-fed yak rolled in Alaskan salmon roe.  Is a spicy salmon skin roll too exotic?The search for a cozy, suitably-priced sushi bar in Las Vegas continues.  The trendy nature of this one just doesn't appeal, in spite of trying.
3	My review will strictly be on what I ordered:Coconut Ceviche - The idea of a coconut broth and tuna at first glance was not too appealing, but this was definitely one of those "try it before you say something" dishes.  Very refreshing with big cubes of tuna, fresh tomato, fennel, etc.  The dish overall made sense and I would recommend this.Sushi Omakase 5 piece - I ordered 2 of these, requesting all different fish and while they were all sushi grade, fresh, firm, and withheld a nice temperature, I would have preferred my sushi WITHOUT the garnishes.  Understandably their aim is a modern twist on Japanese cuisine, however in my own preference, this dining experience made me realize I like my sushi with rice done well under a fresh piece of fish.  Sake Avo - The waitress suggested this and while it was visually appealing, the flavors weren't to my favor.  The salmon was firm, fresh, and tasty, however the avocado puree was extremely salty.  The citrus gelee was a fun addition, texturally.Ishiyaki Wagyu - This was one of those dishes where I asked myself, "why in the world did I order this".  As familiar as I am with American Wagyu & true Japanese Wagyu & true Japanese Kobe, this meat tasted nothing more than a piece of thick-cut brisket.  There was no "wagyu" flavor... Even with the ponzo and mushroom sauce, it was a bland piece of meat.  Amuse - This palette cleaner wasn't too appealing to me.  Because the flavors were so COMPLEX, my palette felt overwhelmed.  I would have preferred a light citrus, sorbet perhaps.. maybe even something so simple as a roasted fig.  OVERALL:  I respect this place for being so bold and taking a modern twist on japanese cuisine, however I feel like this place has a few more steps to take to get there.  While every dish was ok, they didn't have that "wow I would come back here" factor.Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
4	I first went here with a large group for a Yelp event and really enjoyed the uniqueness of the food. I liked the yellowtail collar and the presentation of it on a board. I didn't like the compressed watermelon with fish sauce. I think fish sauce has its place and I wouldn't say its with fruit. The waiters knew their stuff and took the time to explain each dish. Service was great for a big group and the food kept coming. Let's just say It made me want to come back for more after my first experience.The second time was just today and it was for happy hour. I'm not sure if something was off or we ordered the wrong things, but I was disappointed in some ways. Granted I've been eating paleo and have been eating very mild food so everything here was bursting with extreme flavors and some were not good. Everything mentioned below was from the happy hour menu. The tuna hand roll- great presentation with orchid flower. Simple and tasty, I ordered two. No soy sauce or ginger offered, too embarrassed to ask but wondering of that's normal? 4 stars short ribs- fall off the bone good. 5 starsAsian bacon- pork belly looked dry when they brought it out but it was moist. It sat on a bed of salad which was completely soaked in fish sauce. The pork belly was delightful but the fish sauce soaked salad underneath was overboard fishy taste. 5 stars for pork belly 2 stars for fishy salad Tuna ceviche- I love tuna I love ceviche I love coconut I love tomatoes I love strawberries but put them all together and you have one disgusting mix. It was not edible in my opinion. I forced myself to eat it because it was $7 and I'm a real cheap ass.  I don't know what that sauce is that its soaked in but I couldn't event taste the tuna!! It was completely overpowered by the coconut "sauce" at the bottom of the dish. Gross. Negative starsKaraage chicken- I can't say I've ever had a bad karaage until I came here. How can you screw this up? I'm so confused. It was soaked in sweet chili sauce and had tons of onions sliced. Who wants to eat large slices of chili soaked onions. The sauce again was overpowering. Negative starsSake orenji- one of my favorites here, perfect blend of flavors! 5 stars but no longer on the happy hour menuBrussel sprouts- I've been dreaming of these brussel sprouts. They were very oily today and not oily the first time I had them, usually 5 stars, today minus a star for the pool of oil ;(Beet fries- love the presentation in the cute basket! Nice dipping sauce. Sadly I love beets and love fries but it tasted like warm pure beets. I didn't get much of a breading or a fries taste. 3 stars you better really like the taste of pure beets. I still am curious to give it another try based on my good first experience here but I'm not sure what to order. It's been hit or miss for me. 5 stars for first time and 3 stars this time making it 4 stars.
5	A 4.5 star review rounded up to 5 stars.This place is really quite deceiving.I was admittedly skeptical of this place. When I first looked at the menu, some of the flavor combinations were similar to that found in fine dining places. The prices, however, were not quite that of fine dining.The strip-mall like entrance did not help my initial perception of this establishment.But once you're in, you are greeted with a decor that is truly contemporary. The wait staff members are all sharply dressed, but since it's Vegas, casual attire is always accepted. I don't remember what we ordered exactly as it's been a few months. I do remember that the flavors are truly done well here. I've always thought that a dish is cooked or prepared properly if you can properly dissect the flavors. For the most part, this place indeed succeeds in that respect.There are a few misses in terms of the ingredient combinations. I remember trying a roll whose flavors didn't quite jive. However, the raw fish in their rolls is very fresh, so if a given piece of a roll as a whole does not fit your taste buds, you can always eat the components separately and still be rewarded with fresh ingredients. The same freshness can be had with their warm dishes as well.In terms of portions, the individual dishes can be best described as super-sized tapas that can easily be shared between two or perhaps three people. My friend and I paid $50 per person not including drinks but including gratuity. We ordered at least seven dishes and were very stuffed. For food of this caliber, it was well worth it.My next trip to the Vegas area will definitely include a stop at this restaurant. The New York City area may have establishments similar in appearance and/or name, but I have yet to see a "Modern Japanese" restaurant in the NYC area that is as true to its name as Yonaka is.
5	My east coast foodie buddy introduced me to this place this past week and it was LOVE at first bite!So much so that my hubby and I ended up going back 3 more times for happy hour during our week long stay in Vegas. Being from SF, with an ubundance of fresh and local sushi/seafood options, this little Izakaya style joint serves up unique and flavorful dishes, the ones worth mentioning being as follows:*Sake Orenji (scotish salmon with sliced oranges in an orange yuzu dressing) Simply my FAVORITE! *Sake toro (Salmon belly) this was so buttery and just melted in your mouth! I'm also not somone who enjoys most raw fish.*Toro (Tuna belly) very simular to salmon belly but a stronger fish taste*karagi (fried chicken) thiers was the mpst unique as it had a spicy jalepenio sauce which really gave it that extra kick!*sauteed brussel sprouts-these were amazingly delicious and crispy,  with a lemon zesty sauce. I truly have never liked brussel sprouts until I tried thiers!*thier pork belly steam buns (thier version was spicy and perfectly steamed) *ribs (4 peices with tons of tender meat that falls right off the bone in a tangy orange bbw sauce.*fresh house made ginger ale. *greenies dessert (green tea brownie with a rasberry and green tea ice cream served with a small cup of strawberry white hot chocolate. I loved thier take on strawberry milk so much so that I specifically requested this each evening we came. Its completely made from scratch using real strawberries and a perfectly frothy milk. If there is one place that will make me keep coming back to Vegas (since I dont smoke, drink or gamble) it would be this place! I highly recommend coming here, especially for happy hour and for those who want a little taste of the bay that thier missing from back home! The only (minor) thing I would say more as constructive criticism, is the time it takes between dishes to come out, even when there are only a few tables there. I've eaten at plenty of sushi and Izakaya places and even when packed, the food seemed to come out more quickly. Again, this was just a minor annoyance and doesnt take anything away from my overall experience or appreciation for the place. :)
3	I was looking forward to trying out this restaurant that was billed as Japanese food with a modern taste. I have to say I was a little disappointed. The food looked amazing and was presented well but for some reason, the choice of ingredients just didn't seem to match well together.That said, I would return for the foie gras sushi alone as it was pretty damn delicious. Tempted to give four stars just for that dish but held off... Perhaps I ordered the wrong items.
5	My boyfriend and I come here all the time, it has became one of our regular spots to grab some great Japanese fusion. The happy hour menu is off the chain, cheap prices and amazing quality in food and drinks. I highly recommend this spot for locals and tourists. I tell everyone I know to go! We also go because Mike provides us with excellent service and always makes sure we have a great time! He's the best! You gotta try the beet fries!
5	This has become on of my (or even my?) favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. It's located a bit off the strip, which for me is totally fine (it's just 5 minutes or so with a taxi, so it's still not far). Two of the three times I have been here I have had their 7 course Omakase menu. It's really a different experience for your mouth! A lot of really delicious courses with fantastic looks. The service is also very good. I would especially recommend this place for dates and smaller parties. I will for sure gonna go here again!
5	I went with my husband for the first time and all I can say is were definitely going back! Good service, nice ambiance, good prices and amazing food! Oh yeah, and fast.. Do yourself a favor and order the meat candy.
3	Ingredients are fresh, ideas are advanced, and service is much friendlier than it has any right to be. This is a "sushi" place meant to impress, and for the most part does. All our dishes were beautiful and composed with finesse. There is a deliberate effort made to incorporate citrus and fresh micro greens in many of the plates, so the overall menu has a lightness and especially brightness you won't find in many "sushi" joints. The square quotes point to the fact that, for some depressing reason, the owners decided to jump on the horse flogging bandwagon and refer to their dishes as "tapas." Dear future restaurant owners, for the love of all that is holy can we please let go of this "tapas" fixation?! Sushi is the original tapas. No need to call it "sushi tapas"--it's redundant! That is the restaurant's major downfall, the urge to make trend and style it's leading concerns. I can hear the original concept tumbling into place: "hey man, let's do a sushi place, but "tapas style" and with a California color palette." "Yeah man, dig, right on." The execution, however,  is to be applauded. Some of our dishes were first rate, especially the yellowtail collar with (just slightly bitter) preserved lemons. There is a level of obnoxious pretense threatening to eclipse the quality of the food here, and draw in the kind of fickle crowd that will bounce onto the next hip "tapas style" whatever. Here's hoping the kitchen can get out of its own way and prepare the kind of food that doesn't need to wear a costume. Give me great ingredients prepared with confidence. Leave the yoga pant selfies for the strip limo crowd.
1	After hearing some stuff about this place. me and my girlfriend tried this spot, horrible decision! We both ordered drink one came out the other came out 15mins later.... Food was ok nothing special, our server Rob was the worst! The restaurant had 5 tables and 5 people walked by my empty water glass never filled it! I had to ask someone mangers are clueless as well
5	Quickly becoming a regular here.  Food and service are both incredible.  Even better when the check comes.  Unbelievable value for such a great dining experience!
5	A hIdden gem off the strip.  Only 10min cab from stripReally good food and good value here, wish i could've tried more. Try the bruseel sprouts.They have great deals during there happy hour times.Def must try
2	Strange this has so many stars... Overall review dined @ table 2/1/2014  515pm- Sake = Good Fortune - Sold Out!- Dishes all dirty / Glass with lip stick- Plates all over the table slow to remove - Only 3 tables seated.- Asian girl host  - didn't do much just stood at the front door. - Sushi was good but small portions aka tapas. We will not be going back... Far better Sushi Bars in Vegas.. I have found most sushi bars that aren't owned by Japanese are substandard.  I have been around the world to a few hundred sushi bars.
3	The first big note I'd say is not to eat at this place if you are in a rush. The food takes an extraordinary time to come out. Not everyone at the table got everything they ordered because it took so long and we had to leave to catch our show. That's bad news since we had been there for an hour and a half and were not ordering everything off the menu. While we were leaving, one of the APPETIZERS we had ordered finally came out but we had to go so we let some other patrons have it.The waitress told us that they course the meals, so everything comes out at different times. I call shenanigans on that. There was no rhyme or reason for that, nor did they explain that when we first ordered. I ordered spicy tuna rolls and a few other sushi dishes and my food came out ALL AT ONCE. However, other people at the table had to wait about half an hour before ANY of their food came out. Not sure why they coursed it. There were not a lot of people in the restaurant at the time. Plus, a lot of this food is raw food. It's not like they places six sizzling fajita skillets on our table at the same time and we had to rush before it cooled. It was strange. The service wasn't great either. Did not fill up the water very often (and again, not a lot of people inside). The waitress also took forever giving us the bill even after we had told her we were in a hurry and a party member had to track her down to get her to take the bill. I will say the waitress did seem knowledgeable about the menu and did put in a special request of mine (which wasn't that special, just not to have cucumbers in my spicy tuna roll).What saves the restaurant really is the food and the presentation. I'm not a sushi connoisseur, but I enjoyed the sushi we had. I had a tuna belly sushi roll which did (as the waitress described) melt in your mouth. I believe we had some midnight sushi rolls wish was eel that I enjoyed as well. I had a freshly squeezed ginger ale that was strong and tasty. All the plates had a little pizazz on them as well. Just looked great. Also liked the inside of the restaurant, very clean look about it. Overall, the place was a little underwhelming (as it has a ton of five star ratings). I thought it was okay, just plan on being there for a few hours apparently for the coursing or ask them not to course the meals (as the waitress commented as we were leaving).
2	Wow you yelpers take such great pictures, all the food-photos on this particular restaurant rocks! It's also what tempted my mother and I to try this place. Such original tastes off traditional dishes! Or so it seems. My experience here was decent. It's a very trendy-style location if you're aiming for new-age Japanese cuisine, but if you're into the old-style dishes, I wouldn't suggest coming here.We got there early, at 6PM. We said we had no reservations, and the hostess told us only a bar was available. I'm going to say this now before I forget: My mom and I noticed that for the 2 hours that we were there (and we didn't want to be there for 2 hours, it's just how slow everything is), there were still ample amounts of empty tables. I don't know if it's because my mom and I weren't decked out in jewels and cocktail dresses, but we had the feeling we were being completely discriminated. This isn't fact, this is just how we felt.I'm not going to blame our server - He was concerned that we were waiting so long for our food, and was the only person that showed genuine concern for our dining experience. There were two sushi masters, yet it only seemed like one was really working hard, and the other, older gentleman, just stood there. No joke. And maybe that's cause he's the owner, who knows. It took us 2 hours to dine, and nearly 25 minutes between dishes. It was just all too long and painful. We would have ordered more but we were tired of wasting our time.As for the dishes itself, the brussel sprouts were creative essentially, but they had too much zest. The shishito peppers (and they misspell shishito in their menu, and correct it in the description - pet peeve), were OK, but the homemade bacon wasn't all that grand. I give them kudos for the cookie and strawberry tortilla/salsa thing. That was interesting. Tempura was normal. The sashimi moriawase was pretty good, but I imagine we are paying more for the aesthetics than the freshness, as Naked Fish still blows this place away in terms of freshness. The foie gras sushi was good, and the best part was the LIVE Uni. That stole the show and was the best part of my meal.Wouldn't come back here again.
1	Had a horrible experience and definitely won't be going back.The presentation of the food was nice but that's about the only thing that was nice about this restaurant. A friend of ours who lives in Vegas suggested this restaurant based on reviews he'd seen on Yelp so we gave it a try.First off, our waiter was clueless. When we asked for his suggestion on what to order, he highly suggested a menu item "Omakase" which had the description "7 Course Yonaka Favorites" however when I asked him what exactly it consisted of, he literally answered "Oh, I don't know" Ummm.... okay?! We went ahead and just took our chances with some other dishes and all the dishes came out looking pretty but none were decent as far as flavor. They were horrible. The sushi was fishy and gross.Don't get fooled by the Yelp reviews!
4	The place is not what I expected. It's exceptionally nice. We sat at the bar for happy hour-- bartender was pushing a $75 tasting menu. We ordered on our own instead. He kept insisting that everything is served "family style". I really believe that he does not know what that means. Portions small but everything was super delicious! If you order hamachi and like it thin sliced make sure you ask for it when you order, otherwise the pieces will be super thick. Worth checking it out for happy hour and otherwise. Enjoy!!
5	A needle in a haystack!The customer service was amazing and carried a conversation that wasn't just for business talk even our server. Where do I start?They have daily specials and get all there products fresh and all over the world like Japan and Bluefin from Spain. The presentation of all I order was perfect. Modern Food Art, even the flower was edible which my friend took a bite out of beauty ha! (Pictures below)What I ordered.I started with the mushroom soup and two pieces of bluefin tuna. The soup was amazing, I ordered it twice. I also ordered this calamari salad dish, BOMB! The bluefin came out and disappeared like it was a magic trick. Each bite of the bluefin taste better than the other. The manager talked with us and offered recommendations what to eat. She told me about the scallop roll than the seared scallop I was going to order and quoted "I have dreams about this roll". So I gave it a chance. The roll was amazing and just melted in your mouth. If your in Vegas, this is a must stop. Even from the center of the strip like Aria we was staying - a taxi won't cost you more than 20-25$ so have a friend or two. :)Editing later for proper names or use my pics as reference. Enjoy, you won't be disappointed.
4	After finishing up at Bingo with some fellow Yelpers, we headed over to Yonaka for their reverse Happy Hour. They were actually pretty busy for the 3 or so hours we were there and rightfully so.This was our first time here and thankfully got some great advice from Nelson Q. on what to order. Per his suggestions, we started off with the crispy brussel sprouts and avocado nigiri. He was dead on and we absolutely loved both! I believe this was the first time I've ever purposely ordered brussel sprouts, but if every restaurant served them like this, I'd get them all the time. It's packed with flavor and the mint adds a slightly refreshing feel to it. The description mentions lemon chili and while the lemon was definitely there, I didn't really get any type of chili. Don't get me wrong, these things are absolutely delicious and addicting but I think they could benefit from a bit more heat and a touch more salt as well.The second suggestion was for the avocado nigiri and it was even more impressive then the brussel sprouts. We liked them so much that we ended up ordering about 8 pieces on top of the other food we got. They are small but with a happy hour price of just $1, they're a steal. There's so much flavor in these things! You get a little sweetness with just the right amount of saltiness and the rice is cooked perfectly. It may look and sound like a simple item but if you come here, you can't leave without trying one...or 4! We also ordered some tea brined ribs and I got a lipa roll for myself since the wife doesn't do seafood. The ribs were super tender and tasty but too sweet for my taste. I loved the lipa roll and can't wait to go back for some other rolls. Then to finish off we had what I believe was a version of their Kanmi. Once again, just bursting with flavor and while there was much more there, it was really like a bananas foster on steroids to me. So, so good!Yonaka not only offers great food but some of THE best service I've ever received. Every single employee who came to our table was super friendly and made sure we were taken care off, had full drinks, etc. We also had the pleasure of having Jax come to our table several times. She was enthusiastic, friendly and I loved how she and the other servers explain the dishes to you. It was an amazing dining experience and I'm itching to go back already!
5	Awesome place! Clean, fast service, super friendly staff, delicious food (unusual combinations!). Tried the 6 course menu for $60 (shared for 2 people) and was impressed. Definitely coming back!:)
5	Amazing food, amazing service, great Happy Hour! From walking in to leaving, the experience was fantastic. I highly recommend taking the quick trip off the strip and hit this place up!
5	We came during happy hour and received excellent service from Robert. We enjoyed the delicious Modern Japanese cuisine and the fresh ingredients. The chefs paired some unique flavors well in some traditional dishes. I also ordered a Sakura Cake Martini. Absolutely delicious! Sake, cherry, vanilla, mint, lime juice, and graham cracker dusting on the rim of the martini glass.Impressed with the entire experience from the moment we stepped in the door, until the owner greeted us on the way out. We definitely will be returning customers.
4	Fresh and delicious fish, great selection of seafood. Could definitely have a better selection of wines. The food was delicious, save room for the green tea brownie dessert. My only complaint is that the restaurant is very small and romantic but the lighting is way to bright for the type of place it is. Could be a better ambiance, but the food is worth it.
5	Amazing service. Impeccable presentation.  Delicious.  Seven course tasting was perfect. A must go.
4	I can understand why people might be annoyed about a reservation or a wait, but there was nothing about this food that was ordinary. Very well executed experiments with sushi and veggies. Went on a Sunday night and they said it wasn't busy so I thought jeez, I made the wrong reservation. Not true at all. Was a terrific meal and the waiter was very nice. Don't listen to the naysayers. This is the real thing, and four big guys ate well for less than a sushi bar in jersey
5	An experience that is extremely pleasing and quite surprising from your comfortable ordinary. From their unique menu items with interesting flavor combinations and quality ingredients, to the amazing ethereal desserts and service. Instant favorite that left me and my group hastily planning our next visit. We ordered a lot of our plates according to our servers suggestions, and they did not disappoint. We had a variety of items to share and go around, and all in all everything was great. The Crispy Brussel sprouts with lemon chili, mint, and puffed riced packed a fairly unexpected pop of tangy flavor and texture. So different and such a wonderful play on a veggie dish. The Tar Tar trio with salmon, yellowtail and tuna with cassava chips was tasty. The tar tar itself was a little more minced than expected but it still allowed the flavors of each fish to be distinct and delicious on its own. The Asian pork belly with papaya salad was acidic, sweet, and salty. Tried not to let any of it go to waste.Our desserts absolutely sealed the deal. To be honest, Id come back solely for dessert. We had the "Greenies" and a chocolate dessert, that was equally phenomenal. The Greenies came with an amazing green tea and chocolate brownie, green tea semifreddo and a lot of other unique components. A warm strawberry white chocolate accompanied and pulled everything together. The other dessert consisted of chocolate mousse, with beet ice cream and cocoa nibs. What I loved about each dessert was that they were not overly sweet, in fact incorporated flavors of savoriness and salt, and had many complexities with depth and subtlety. Service was the best I have received in a while. Professional and sophisticated but still humorous, light and personable about their food. The layout and timing of the meal was also the best I've never had. So very impressed with this establishment and look optimistically forward to future visits.
5	I know all y'all care about is what to order, so ima get right to it: Brussel Sprouts, Buta Shishito (not spicy), Crudo (probably my favorite dish), Sake Orenji (extremely refreshing), Pokuyaki, bluefin tuna, karaage, carafe of sake sangria, & GREENIES (I would come here just for the dessert).Apparently their HH has changed from 5p-7p to 5p-6:30p so get there early! We arrived close to 6p on a Tuesday night (during Magic convention week, mind you) and it was empty, score!! Service was prompt, friendly, and conversational. We had Charlie as our server and he was awesome! I almost want to ask for him next time we go. Everyone was super friendly and involved in our experience, cleaning, recommending, etc. Honestly I keep thinking about this place and plan to bring every single one of my friends back. Mad love to Yonaka.
5	This place was AMAZING!!! Went with 4 friends and did the Omakase for 2 and then added some other dishes we wanted. The meat candy is a must have. We missed the happy hour which I'm sure is impressive as well. The inside is well decorated and updated. Great service and great plate presentation.
4	This was my first time at Yonaka and I was very surprised. The environment is very laid back and the menu with daily specials. Our waiter was well versed in the menu and made some great suggestions for us. One of which was the calamari which was delicious. We also had the crispy brussel sprouts which were sweet and crispy.  We ordered mostly from the happy hour menu which is just as diverse as their traditional menu. They have a couple of cocktails on their happy hour menu that are sake based and very tasty. I would venture to Yonaka again and would try the chefs tasting menu next time to get a better feel of their vision.
5	Truly an experience. The most delicious food. Every single thing we tried. Best ive ever had.
4	Ok this place really surprise me... It's ridiculously  good!!!! uni is clean and sweet, yellow tail melts on your mouth so as the scallop and the sea bream, shishito peppers are delicious and beef tongue yummy, everything I ordered was  so good I can't complain
4	This is the best sushi in Las Vegas, I love all the creativity involved. You can't go wrong with regular sushi or sashimi orders but try the Madai Midori. :P
5	I'm absolutely in love with this place. The flavors are always delicate and refined, and it goes without saying that the fish is always fresh. Definitely make a reservation, of course they're busy. The service is always top notch, and don't forget the sake!
5	Amazing! GO NOW! The quality of food was fantastic. The staff was amazing. Go before it becomes to popular like Raku . Any one rating this place less then 4 stars is crazy.
5	Late night happy hour with Michael is it! He was so helpful in menu selections! The food was amazing! We had Spicy Tuna Rolls (lovedi it)! We had the ribs, great flavor! The Saki Martini and Saki Mojito were delicious!  I will be back for more!
3	Based on reviews and photos I decided to give this place a try. Not impressed. Food was just OK. We were there on a Thursday night 530-7p. Place was empty. Family of four we ordered variety of things. Some from happy hour some from regular menu.  Bill was about $300. We were not even full. For the price I'd rather go to Izheza or Raku. Or go to Sushi House Goyemon for AYCE.
4	I took my wife there for her birthday. It will likely become a regular place for us. The food was outstanding, though some of the flavor combinations seemed a bit much. They were so nice by bringing a dessert for the wife's birthday. Prices were reasonable, service was good, management was clearly involved and helpful. We will definitely be back.
4	Must haves:Brussel SproutsSake OrenjiWatermelon/tuna/jalapeno - no idea what this was called. May interesting tastes and great helpful staff. Also a decent happy hour spot.
5	Wow!! If u want smthg different & can explore different stuff then this is ur place. The bluefin tuna belly will melt in ur mouth, smoked hamachi, amazing! Uni dish was very different & robust, a must try if ur an Uni lover like me. The icing on the cake was the foie gras! beyond butter! Simply the best ever. Found this place on yelp while visiting & I'll be back tmrw :)
5	Best sushi I've had in a long time. They have more varieties of sashimi than anywhere I've ever been. Also some really interesting dishes but I stuck with the sushi. Great drinks and beer choices
5	One of the best dining experiences I've ever had. The service was incredible. They brought hot towels to clean our hands, the plate setting was beautiful, and our waiter was very knowledgable and cordial. I loved the mix of traditional Japanese cuisine with modern twists. We ordered the brussels sprouts, the Hamachi Kama and some delicious pork with an orange glaze. We must have gotten six different dishes and enjoyed them all. The flavors were incredible and very fresh, but more than anything the price was right. :)
2	Based on the prior reviews, I was expecting spectacular food with spectacular service. I was so disappointed. I went with three other people and the appetizer came out very timely. Then we waited 30 minutes after ordering before the first dishes came out. Okay, no problem. Then the third dish came out 15 minutes after the first dishes came out. The two people in the party who recieved their food early had already finished eating. By 50 minutes in, I still hadn't recieved my food. Everyone else in my party already finished eating and I was hungrily chewing on my chopsticks. I had to ask the waitress for my food before they gave it to me and by that time I was so annoyed that I couldn't enjoy it. They were barely apologetic. Never again.
5	Met a couple of friends in Las Vegas for the weekend and they wanted to try this restaurant after listening to me rave about it last year . . . what can I say . . . another great experience.This time however . . . we tried the sushi to start the meal . . . be had the blue fin tuna roll, sea urchin, and fresh water eel . . . all were unbelievable.  We also ordered the Crispy Brussel Sprout . . . and as last year . . . made this my favorite vegetable . . . again.The main course for me was Niku Berry . . . the flavors . . . the presentation . . . man do I wish they had a restaurant like this near me.  For desert it was the Kamni-O . . . for a brief minute . . . I thought I was Elvis and died and went to heaven.Another great dinner at Yonaka Modern Japanese . . . I will be back . . . again and again and again.
5	Yonaka is, surprisingly, my first foray into the upper tier of Japanese cuisine in Las Vegas. With one small exception, it did not disappoint.I brought my mom and aunt here for happy hour. I had a bit of a faux pas in that I went ahead and used the OpenTable service through Yelp to make a reservation, but I did not realize that it's a reservation for a table instead of bar seating or a booth, which are the two areas that you are allowed to sit at for the happy hour menu. They were gracious enough to allow us to relocate to a booth, thankfully. (By the way, the booth area isn't like that of a typical restaurant since it's practically in the middle of the room.)You know by now that they call themselves modern and Japanese, and they deliver on both points. The restaurant itself prominently features a sushi bar, but it's also built with a pleasing wood aesthetic and isn't too dark or too bright. The food itself ranges from almost traditional sushi items to inspired combinations of both familiar and unusual ingredients. The service was also very thoughtful in that they gave us the cold items before the hot plates and, with the exception of a pile-up at the end, Without further ado, a breakdown of the food:- Complementary amuse bouche: a cucumber cube topped with a chunk of cherry tomato and a hint of salt. Pleasant, and a sign of good things to come.- Avocado nigiri: one piece of sushi rice, with avocado slices on top and a small nori wrap. Citrus and soy sauce flavors were present, and a re-reading of the menu reviews that yuzu kosho and tamari are included. I'll be honest and say that I thought the tamari was soy sauce, but I guess I'll have to come back some time to determine the difference.- Sake orenji: this is our one order not from the happy hour menu. It is something that you kinda need to try though, and when our server reminded me about it, I was happy to go for it. There's about 5 or 6 pieces of salmon, an equal amount of orange slices, a fantastic sauce, some yuzu tobiko topping, and baby arugula on the very top. It's just a fantastic medley of flavors.- Negitoro: bluefin tuna belly and scallions presented in a nori-encased roll, six pieces' worth. Quite good. Need to make sure to use restraint on the soy sauce, but I guess that's what I get for becoming too accustomed to the low sodium bottle on my sushi adventures...- Complementary palate cleanser: sliced and slightly sweetened fruits, including peach, mango, apple, strawberry. I have no idea if this actually cleansed anything, but it was nice.- Corn urchin: it's a new menu item and a new happy hour addition. In my opinion, it should have been called Uni Corn. I would have laughed. Anyway, it was bound to please me because it's a combination of my childhood favorite food with one of my new "grown-up" favorites. There were four sections of corn on the cob, each topped with uni-miso butter, a reasonable piece of uni, and negi. It's finger food, and it's really good.- Chuka buns: not sure why the server kept pronouncing it "Chuku." It's not so important though. I won't bother describing it because it was mediocre relative to everything else tonight and, more importantly, does not come close to matching my favorite pork belly bun at Fat Choy. I would strongly recommend skipping this unless you read the ingredients and are enamored with all of them.- Crispy hen: another of my favorites. Four pieces of cornish hen. The crispy skin seems almost infused with sweet chili, and the pickled vegetables, though not strictly consistent with traditional Vietnamese flavor, bring welcome freshness.- Tsutsumi: the server presents this in a clay pot and quickly breaks and stirs an egg into the mixture of mushrooms with pork belly and ear. Apparently, you're supposed to wrap it in the lettuce, but I couldn't make heads or tails of it and just settled on munching on the lettuce and the mix separately. It's a satisfying treat if you're a fan of pork ear. I do wish that I hadn't gotten lettuce that was slightly reddened from age, though. They should be able to find a more pristine leaf.- Shioyaki saba: one mackerel. Firm meat with optional lemon (pretty sure somebody squeezed a little too much) and cucumber chunks. I'll need to try this again some time since it's supposed to be hot but was kinda cold by the time I got to it.- Beet fries: sweet chunks of fried beet with an apparently homemade mayo, rosemary, and sea salt. Came out at the end because we made a last-minute add. That mayo complements the beet very well.Surprisingly, that was it. I'm really glad we were all still pretty full from earlier in the day. The portions all seem fairly modest, and I don't see myself ordering too often from the regular menu. But I'll probably go for happy hour again if I can find a companion. You should definitely make the trip out here at least once if you're a local or if you're an out-of-towner with an appreciation of Japanese cuisine.
5	Ever thing we had was great! just off the strip,lots of parking great dining very good pricing. no one has talked about the desserts? all unbelievable,i was thinking the same thing a Japanese restaurant and talking about the desserts, yes. wait until you try them. Can not wait to go back again.
5	When my family asked me where I wanted to go for my birthday dinner, I picked Yonaka.  With its modern and chic decor and inventive Japanese cuisine, there was no other choice.  The only gripe I have is they didn't sing me Happy Birthday.  :)I got the omakase sashimi and the chef didn't disappoint in his/her choices.  They served fatty everything, just the way us sushi die hards like them.  The other dishes were superb as well.  The orange salmon had my mom wanting to find something to soak up the sauce.  The foie gras was perfectly grilled.  The fried brussel sprouts were crunchy, sweet and salty at the same time.  The shishito peppers had a nice snap and I kept grabbing the sweet bacon lardons.  Yum.  The fried cornish game hen was nice but got overshadowed by the other superb dishes.I always order the home made ginger ale.  It is good for your digestion and it is refreshing.The dinner came out to $25 per person which is quite reasonable for the kind of food you are getting.  It could get pricey because you are ordering dishes to share for the table so watch out.  Hard to resist ordering everything on the menu.
5	Everything here is perfect- the atmosphere, the knowledgeable wait staff and of course everything on the menu.  It's the best sushi I've had away from the coast and better than a lot that I have had on the coast.  Tuna belly melts in your mouth, the cook yourself waygu beef is unbelievable and really everything I've ordered there the past 3 times has been amazing.  It's the best, most unique, delicious, & fun restaurant I"ve eaten at in Vegas or in most states & countries.  I don't know how they do it in the desert, fresh fish and all, but it is, and it's amazing.  Trust me, go.
5	Hands down the best sushi and sashimi that I have ever enjoyed.  Sparkling decor, intimate surroundings, incredible good, attentive service -- it simply does not get better than this!  Worth the drive one mile west of The Palms.
5	Being in Vegas on an expense account, I decided to try the three different 4.5 star sushi restaurants. While this is not your traditional sushi, it is by far the best and most unique that I have sampled in Las Vegas.  Came for happy hour on a Wednesday and left feeling shocked that there was not a line out the door with how good it is. Ordered:Coconut CevicheHamachi chili Chunka bunsLipa rollSalmon nigiriAll staff was exceptionally welcoming.  There is no doubt I will make the drive from the strip in the future to show others this gem.  You must appreciate cilantro, unique flavors and have an open mind to fully appreciate.
5	In Yelp we trust. I was looking for a great sushi place in Las Vegas for the wife and I on our recent visit and Yelp truly came through. With some help from some local knowledge, we were able to make it to Yonaka and we are both thankful.I can't recall getting this level of quality sushi at this price anywhere, let alone Las Vegas. Maybe I am used to the sticker shock prices of the Strip. We started off with an interesting amuse bouche of a strawberry with some foie gras mousse. Well, I should say that I started with both of them as the wife was not feeling the foie gras this evening. I did encourage her to try a piece of it, but I also gobbled the second one down after 3 straight no responses. They were really indescribably delicious. How they made the foie taste like sweet caramel while preserving the flavor of the foie is beyond me. And then we ordered sushi!Our sever talked to us about their menu options since it was our first visit. We opted not to do dinner for two with chef selections, because we had already decided on some items that we wanted to try. We started with the sake orenji, which is one of their signature dishes. The citrus and salmon worked perfectly together. We followed that by some hotate kokoro (scallops) and uni to ikura (sea urchin). Again everything was expertly prepared and taste phenomenal. The wife was not the biggest fan of the uni, but that just meant more for me. Next was a smoked hamachi special plate that was on their daily special menu and shioyaki saba (grilled mackerel). Ok, now the grilled mackerel was great, but the wife and I agreed that the smoked hamachi was the best piece of fish in recent memory. So much so that we loaded up another plate of it in sashimi form. I am sure that I missed a plate or two in there somewhere as there was more sea urchin for me and something else the wife wanted. We left Yonaka stuffed for a decent price and we were ready for bed after our long trek from the east coast. Yonaka will definitely be seeing us again on future trips. We still need to check out their happy hour.
5	EVERYTHING I have tasted here is amazing. This is our alternative to Raku when hosting friends in town or celebrating something special.  Even though the portions are very small, the taste is an explosion in your mouth. They offer a special happy hour menu ($5-$12). I am not sure what time it starts but it ends at 6pm. PROS: Very beautiful modern cuisine             Quiet and beautiful interior             Crunchy Calamari             Happy hour menu available             CONS: Expensive for a group of people to get full $$$             Small portions (but I understand it's artistic so. . . )
5	Yonaka, what a gem! Intimate surroundings and the best combo of sushi & tapas I've ever had. Still dreaming about this place and our experience here. Bea, our waitstaff, made our experience so pleasurable. She answered all our questions, made some recommendations and went above and beyond to make our visit extremely memorable. We shared some many wonderful small plates and some of the specials on the board. Fresh, fresh, fresh. Favorites, hard to say, but the TORO comes in at first place. We must have spent at least 3 hours dining here, leaving with a belly full of excellent food and many a fine memory. It's off the beaten strip, but worth the taxi fare to get there. Vegas is not my favorite city to visit, but if I find myself here again I would go to Yonaka in a heartbeat. I would also recommend a reservation as it is a bit on the intimate side.
5	Run...don't walk!  This is one of the BEST dining experiences I have EVER had in my entire life.  I have never posted on yelp before, but when food is THIS good...I couldn't resist.  The chef that put together the flavors on this menu is a genius in the truest sense of the word and each "bite" was an explosion of perfection!So why does this restaurant stand out?  The use of fish (and also cooked food) is put together with an array of sauces, other flavors and combinations to create dishes that are meant to be shared (but you won't want to!)The sushi is the freshest it comes, and watching the chef use a teeny tiny little tweezer to delicately place each addition on the plate was like watching art. There is a dish which features scallops, uni, salmon roe and a sauce...BEST dish I've ever had!!!  You MUST get this!  But all the others are great as well...and I ordered about 8 of them...then followed it up with having pieces of sushi that were also delicious.The sushi pieces were done in a way that you would ruin it with soy sauce.  They were bursting with flavor and just the right amount of sauce prepared by the chef that you did not need to add a thing!I could go on and on...but you get the point, right?  GO HERE.  You will not be disappointed.
5	I have been coming here since they first opened & Yonaka Sushi never disappoints. The place is small but it had no problem accommodating my  party of 15+ people who all had an excellent time even for those 'sushi beginners'.  Salmon orenji is an all time favorite! Tea ribs are really good too. Save room for desserts, especially the cheddar flan !!!
5	26 of my Yelpie friends had reviewed this place. All except one had given it 5 stars. Well, it was time to make it 27! And I can't believe we waited so long. Yonaka impressed on all levels. Just had an amazing meal at Yusho last weekend (arguably the best restaurant in its genre) so it was hard not to compare the two, but Yonaka held its own on every level. The taste is clean, intelligent, sublime. The presentation is beautiful. The service impeccable. The price is a downright steal. Mike and I went a little overboard with dinner. We had the seven course omakase, which turned out to be eight, along with several other dishes from their a la carte menu and four courses of dessert. Yeah, we're going to hell, I know. I can't possibly describe every dish, so I'm going to write a few that stood out to me. Suika Sakana - lean tuna, watermelon, jalapeno, mint, cilantro, basil oil. The tuna they use is delicious, very flavorful, there would be no problem eating it as sashimi. But the jalapeno, mint and basil oil really added another dimension to it. The watermelon added a sweet crispness to the bite, but the basil oil and tuna was the combination winner to me.Niku Berry - wagyu, strawberries, enoki, king's trumpet mushroom, fennel fronds, fried egg puree, thai chimichurri. Wagyu was absolutely delicious. It was interesting take on the compressed strawberries and chimichurri, interesting because strawberries aren't sweet at all, more sour, the compressed variety really brings out the flavor. Meat Candy - pork belly done to perfection with a side of kimchi apples and onions. The desserts were all amazing. I would have to write a yelp review for each one to do it justice (sorry Drew, not going to happen). All I have to say is you have to try them all, especially the Mango egg (trust, it was sublime) and the Kanmi-O, a delicious version that was part creme brulee-ish and part bacon ice creama. Lastly this review is dedicated to Roger T, which we owe a debt of gratitude. Sixteen courses for $100 pp, Yonaka is a veritable bargain. The foie gras was a bit pricier here than Goodwich, but Mike said it was nothing short of spectacular. Thanks Roger! Click on my pictures for more drooling. This review does not do Yonaka justice.
4	Our server was friendly. Gave us an exceptionally comprehensive rundown of the menu and urged us to please not order a California Roll. I feel you, dude. We got the Sake Orenji ($11, we got two of these, actually), Compressed Watermelon, Honmaguro sashimi, Crunchy Calamari, and Pokuyaki ($15). I thought the flavor combinations were a little ambitions and overall successful. Everything was great. The atmosphere is a little tighter and more sophisticated than, say, Ichiza. For the portion sizes, the prices are a little higher than Ichiza as well. But for the quality and preparation of the food, for the type of service and ambiance, the prices are just right. I liked that the sushi menu listed the fish and place of origin. Most of the sushi in the world indeed does not come from Japan. They frequently rotate out the specials. #offthestrip #noncasino
5	Came here on a Sunday night with a party of 7 Ordered one 7 course omakase($95), one 9 course omakase ($145) and the following items as add-ons:1) Foie gras sushi ($9 per piece) 2) Fatty Tuna Belly sushi (it was the special of the day so $8 per sushi instead of $15)3) Uni sushi 4) Ikura sushi We definitely ordered too much food for 7 people but every single dish was fresh, delicious, creative, and beautiful. I wish they will open another location in Los Angeles and I can't wait to come back and try other stuff on the menu!
4	Impressive...they are very creative, use different kind of fruits to pair with fish; Sunkist orange with fatty salmon, juicy grapefruit go with hamachi and compressed watermelon for tuna. All fruits not only gave us refreshing taste but also bring the sweetness of the fruits to the plates. Very clever combinations.
5	We sat at the bar and our waiter Rob W. was very informative, knowledgable and he never took long to get anything we needed. He also kept us updated if the dish would take a little longer (which i love). We got the 6 corse favorites, which the chef chooses. Hot plates, hamachi Kama was so good we ordered another round. For chicken, the Karaage was delicious but then again everything was very good. The pricing: for what you get was very reasonable and fair.We will definalty return.
4	Yonaka's decor is pretty hip and the food is Japanese-Western fusion.We ordered the 9 course omakase with  chef's special tasting menu and dessert.All of the dishes were pleasing to be palate and quite delectable. The ones that really stood out were the palate cleanser, sake orenji, sake kale, konpa, uni to ikura.Starters- palate cleanser  - shot of carrot juice blend with plantain chip togarashi- grilled edamame with soybeans and togarashi- karaage - fried chikcen, jalapeno, mint, basil and onionMain- sake orenji - Scottish salmon with orange supreme, yuzu tobiko, orange oil and maldon- hamachi chili - yellowtail, cucumber, ginger, red onion, chili water, green tea oil- mixed sashimi - sake kale - salmon, kale, Asian pear, cherry tomato, quinoa- niku berry - wagyu, strawberry, enoki, king's trumpet mushroom, fennel fronds, fried egg puree, Thai chimichurri- konpa - Scottish salmon, white fish, bell pepper, citrus, dehydrated apricots, almonds, tomato chips, jalapeno- uni to ikura - sea urchin, salmon roe, Hokkaido sea scallops, shiitake mushroom, kabocha (pumpkin), yuzu kosho- meat candy - twiced cooked caramel glazed pork belly, kimchee apple, cilantro- machi dashi - yellowtail, rice, egg, green onion, soy brothDessert- green tea and beet ice cream, chocolate pistachio, coco nib- mango cotta - mango pistachio and coconutDrinks- sake - hoyo "fair maiden"- Asahi black aleService staff were friendly and the service was excellent! Yonaka is a bit of a drive from the the Las Vegas strip/center but definitely worth it.
5	The sushi (Omigasse) plate from the chef was perfect according to my husband.  I'm a vegetarian and they whipped me up a candied walnut and avocado roll that was delicious!  Poor waiter though, I kept asking him questions and he had to keep going back to the chefs.  He was a very patient dude.However, the real treat was the "MangoCotta".  Vegan, gluten-free OMFG goodness.  You'd NEVER know it!  I can't sing this dessert's praises enough.  It's one of the best desserts I've ever had.  I've been to Per Se in NYC, this dessert blew theirs out of the water.If you go there and don't order the MangoCotta - you are SO missing out.  I'm going there again tonight and ordering that for dinner!This is a great little find.  Very willing to accommodate, open until midnight (thank the gods since my husband made me wait an hour at the airport while he got a "cheaper" car) and damn, so good!
5	Best service I've revived in Las Vegas in a long time. And the food matches the service
5	Delicious and inventive!! Sometimes I'm wary of fusion food and "modern" cuisine when the concept compromises actual taste. Yonaka did an impeccable job of bringing new flavors to traditional Japanese foods, incorporating fresh ingredients from around the world. We tried the ten course tasting menu, ordering two sets for our table of six and were not disappointed!  Each dish was impeccable in taste and presentation. The meal built perfectly, nothing was too heavy so we could enjoy every course. The flavors were all unique, with combinations like Hokkaido scallops with strawberries, black pepper, and cilantro. Who knew how delicious that could taste?!!  Even the simple starter, watermelon with fish sauce and mint~ was perfect in taste and timing. The unique taste grabbed our attention and got us psyched to try whatever was coming next. There was blue fin tuna, yucca and kale chips, red radishes, grilled potatoes, delicate sauces all craftily combined for perfect bites. We had unique sashimi, flying fish included! All great. By the 8th course, we were definitely getting full. The 9th course was a dashi/rice/egg/stew kinda delicious concoction, that easily filled up anyone who was somehow still hungry.  And the desserts were pieces of art (we had two different types, with many delightful combinations on each plate-- mango mousse and coconut, strawberry mint ice cream, green tea brownie, strawberry chocolate milk.... YUM). It wasn't too sweet, which our indulged bellies appreciated. The decor is simple and elegant, service was timely, friendly, and each dish was explained thoroughly (a tough task with all those ingredients and courses)!Also, the fresh ginger ale was perfect and helped me digest all the amazing food Yonaka served up!!  Thanks for a memorable meal!
5	One of my long lost friends came to town and it was time to wine and dine! Our group was 10 deep and we were super hungry. The day before, I got the opportunity to try Soho Japanese restaurant for the first time, so I had super high expectations. I heard this place was more of an upscale, modern take at a sushi joint, so I was pretty excited!This joint is located in a pretty weird strip mall close to Flamingo and Decatur. The inside, though, is completely different. Such a gorgeous setting! Dark wooden floors, aesthetically beautiful wooden designs on the wall, dim lighting and an open kitchen. The interior design work is elegant and high end! When we sat, we were greeted with warm wet towels for our hands and a plate of yellow beets and strawberries. Our server was Naomi and she was definitely sweet and accommodating. The server assistant was just as accommodating. At the end of our evening, we were greeted by Janice, the restaurant manager. She was by far, the most personable employee! I really enjoyed her presence and energy. I really think highly of businesses who have managers humble enough to converse with guests. Awesome! For dinner, here's what I got:Hamachi/Yellowtail sashimi platter for $11. This is probably the best deal of the day! 5 very thick slices of hamachi on a plate. The fish was super fresh, not a lot of fishy flavor. Those sashimi cuts were on point! HIGHLY RECOMMEND this dish!Miso soup for $3. This soup was definitely strong on the miso side. It was really salty but didn't hurt the overall experience at all.Hamachi/Yellowtail nigiri for $2.50 per nigiri. Another fresh pick! The hamachi was topped with a jalapeno miso sauce and micro cilantro which definitely enhanced the overall taste. Hamachi kama for $10. Whenever I visit sushi joints, I always get this dish. Love yellowtail, love the fact that it's grilled and love that it's super flaky yet very marbleized and flavorful.Overall, I really enjoyed my time there! This place really takes the time to showcase their love for food. From the garnishes to the side dishes, to the main course, this place focuses on serving great food and aesthetically pleasing dishes. I highly recommend this place for a date night or catching up with friends. Such a great experience, one that will keep me coming back for a long time!
5	We had dinner for two Thursday evening. Reservations via open table but not sure if they were needed for weekday dining. This is the best Japaneses food we've ever had. The restaurant is Japanese traditional and Japanese fusion. Our meal consisted of one 9 course omakase and yellow-tail collar ad on plus a bottle of sake.Each course was flavorful and delicious. The omakase was probably more food than two should consume but we consumed it all plus the yellow tail collar.
5	The food presentations are amazing! The 10 course daily special menu is superb! The serving sizes are very generous.  The Sashimi variety is to die for. Incredibly fresh . Service top notch, the staff is very informative and knows the menu well.  They are great in describing the different types of fish. They provide excellent recommendations.  Incredibly unique and different menu. The way they combine the sashimi with fruit and vegetables is amazing. Incredibly healthy.
5	I had dinner at Yonaka on Thursday, May 15, 2014. It was my first time to eat at this Japanese restaurant. The food was absolutely unbelievable, the presentation was spectacular, and the service was exceptional. We had the 10 course "tasting dinner," which was anything but just a "tasting."  It was 10 full-size cold and hot servings to be shared by two people -- (it actually was too much food for two people to eat, but it was still exceptional). Our dinner for two actually could have fed four very hungry people -- the serving size for each dish is very generous. I have been to several of the most popular or so-called "best" Japanese/sushi restaurants in Las Vegas, and Yonaka is every bit as good as, of not better than, Raku, Kabuto, and Nobu, and it definitely is better than Zin of Japan -- (not meaning to demean or be negative toward any of those 4 fine Japanese restaurants, because I consider all of them to be excellent). Moreover, Yonaka is far (repeat, FAR) less expensive than Raku, Kabuto, Nobu, and Zin of Japan.  I would highly recommend this exceptions Japanese restaurant. You will not be sorry you ate there.
2	It is not traditional - but their dishes are beautiful.  Their menu is innovative.   It was recommended by a friend - so I think we must went there on their rare off time.  We went there at 7 PM on Sunday night.  The service was SUPER SLOW.   It took: 30 min - first appetizer 45 min. - 2nd appetizer - tempura1 hr - 1st roll1 hr 15 min. - Sushi (blue fin toro) I like to order as we eat, which is pretty traditional way to eat sushi,  but after one hour and 15 min, I was done....  Plus I had a show to catch!   So we left before finishing the last sushi.  Servers are friendly - but not quite knowledgeable on dishes.
5	Having had the pleasure of dining at Yonaka on a number of occasions since my first visit, I am still enthusiastically giving this place five stars. Always inventive, always delicious and with excellent service to boot, I can't really think of one flaw about this place.
5	Love this place! Sushi and sashimi is superb.  There are a ton of places in Vegas offering rolls drowning in sauce, which is good when I'm in the mood for that -- but when I'm craving ultra fresh, innovative sashimi and sushi, I head to Yonaka.  Excellent from start to finish + polished customer service = 5 stars.
5	Awesome and awesomely priced hamachi sashimi ($11), Saba ($5) appetizer. Beautiful interior, atmosphere. Not much here for non fish eaters, buy everything is super yum. Go here.
5	Very unique fusion restaurant.  Got to try many things I have never had before and combinations I never thought would work but were excellent.
5	This place has really good ambiance and really cool staff. I love the menu. Their dishes are beautifully plated. They explained every dish they brought to us basically. The chuka buns are amazing!! And the midori salad oh man
5	Everything we ordered was full of flavor. Highlights were the tea brined short ribs, flash fried brussel sprouts, and pickled green beans. Food was fresh and the service was friendly. Take advantage of the price reduced food/drink happy hour until 6:30pm.
5	Great great restaurant.  The food was delicious and the presentation was excellent.  We had mainly sushi..all fresh and wonderful.  We also had the mango desert which was the best ever.  And, a nice martini.  Staff is friendly, atmosphere is fairly quiet so you can actually hear one another.  We would recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves sushi.
5	Yonaka is modern Japanese cuisine, which is something I haven't seen a lot of.  Their fruit infusions into many dishes reminds me of French restaurant tasting menus but with Japanese cuisine instead - with a more reasonable price.The dishes were all excellent, with flavors I had not tasted in other Japanese restaurants before.Would definitely recommend.
5	Went here again a couple of weeks ago, but didn't have time for review. What can I say? This place is amazing, my bf and I always have a kick ass time here. The staff is amazing, the fish is super fresh, the ambiance is awesome. We love the bar area for seating.Usually go for all raw fish and other raw items but this time we had the Kurobuta pork belly salad, which was Incredible. Just the right amount of flavors and textures. Perfection. Can't wait for another date night here.
5	The 8 course omikase good for 2 for $98 was so worth it !! Everything was delicious and the servings were more than we expected ! Love the modern concept and service
4	When I think of this place I think "Experiential Adventure." Yonaka takes you on one hell of a journey of the senses. The visual presentation of the dishes here are ridic! It's artistic, vibrant, and in some ways delicate. The food here is explosive! I feel like there's a party going on in my mouth when I eat something from here. There is a nice balance of texture and flavors. Powerful bites of citrus, strong hints of heat, and sweet accents to smooth over your palette. Mmmhhhmmmm. My suggestions: THE BRUSSEL SPROUTS! Crisp, light and airy with hints of zest. Sake Orenji - fresh cut salmon, orange slices, and this tingly orange oil that's just...drool...I have no words for! The tea-brined ribs are scrumptious. Sauced in sweet & sassy perfection. For parties or 2 or more, go for the 8-12 course meals. The 8 course is $98 and consists of the kitchen's fave dishes with a few surprises along the way. Good portion sizes. Also, the Happy Hour deals are great. The service is on point. The staff knows the menu and are super accommodating if you have specific wants or needs. Overall, this place has fair prices, delicious eats, and a fun atmosphere.
5	Talk about an innovative restaurant that pleases all the senses  - the dishes are gorgeous an very pleasing to the eye, the taste is tantelizing with every item on the dish having conscious thought as to how  your tongue will taste and feel when chewing.  The seafood is paired with varying fruit and ingredients giving it a wow factor with every bite.  Dessert is exactly the same way - whether it be the mango panacotta oozing with mango & coconut, the 10-way chocolate with the varying textures and tastes of chocolates you never even imagined or the green-tea brownie with hand made ice creams that blow your mind.  I have been going to this place since it opened - I have never been disappointed. have been thrilled with the service and the food is beyond description - you have to experience it to understand it, and even then you keep wanting to go back and try  whatever they have on the menu for the day.Thanks Yonaka - my favorite Las Vegas restaurant!
4	Went here a month ago with the family on my sister's recommendation. It's located down the road from the strip on Flamingo. Located in a small strip mall, Yonaka is fairly easy to see driving by. Floor to ceiling glass walls adorn the front of the restaurant. Inside the decor has a very clean, neat & modern look.Since there was five of us, we ordered a very wide variety of dishes. A couple of dishes that stood out is the Sake Orenji, their take on salmon sashimi. The flavor of orange stood out and it complemented the fish quite well. Nana Iro, hamachi sashimi. It came with a mix of grapefruit, avocado, tomato & pickled fennel which also formed a well combination. The tea brined ribs are finger licking good, although they do take quite awhile to prepare so remember to order them early in the meal. The mango panna cotta & mango ice cream paired very well with the nutty & saltiness of pistachios.The service was good. The employees were very attentive & considerate. Some might consider Yonaka slightly on the pricey side but there is a happy hour to take advantage of. In my opinion, it's definitely worth a try. I give Yonaka 4.5 stars.
3	Everything sauced is delicious. The brussels sprouts, calamari, salads, etc.I wish I tried more of the sauced sashimi and hot plates.I would stay away from the raw fish and typical sushi. It's not exactly soft or fresh here.Overall, good meal because we had a variety of things to try. But don't get sushi here!!
5	Well done. Menu was inventive, fish was fresh, ambiance was modern. Made a New Yorker feel at home.
4	We always seem to come here more than slightly intoxicated to take advantage of their fab happy hour specials! The berry mojito is pretty darn tasty so worth a try. And due to this slight intoxication I can't remember the menu names for the food... But the the avocado sushi, pork rib things, crispy pork in a bun and brussel sprouts are super delish and a must try. The mackerel was really fishy and I'm not a fishy tasting fish lover.. 6 people... And lots of drinks came to $161 and we were stuffed!!! We'll probably be back for another drunken meal soon...
5	Excellent!!Started with a fabulous bottle of cold sake...Hamachi was really really good..... all the sashimi was fresh and delicious.My fav was the hamachi, my husband's was the salmon. If you love sashimi... this place is worth stopping in and trying.....we also tried the shrimp tempura because of other yelper's recommendations, I am glad we did, it was great! We were extremely happy everything!
5	As soon as you seat you are brought a hot towel.  It's for your hands (you're welcome).  The menu is certainly not typical.  All your favorite items are present but they're given the modern treatment.  Those items that aren't refreshed are completely traditional.  The Japanese chefs at work look impressingly serious.  The servers are very friendly and appealing. We tried the chefs prefix last time and the portions were immense.  Presentation is taken to another level here.  Each plate had dashes of edible color.  There were regional ingredients.  A chalk board lists each days freshly imported meats.  Such as Japanese Uni, as an alternate choice over the standard California uni served everywhere.  This is just one example.This time we had the Fat Duck roll.  Breaded Foie Gras, bacon, umami.  Wrapped in romaine lettuce.  Magnifique!  The Asian Bacon was caramelized roasted pork served with a vinegar sauce.  It reminded me of roasted German pork.  Highly recommended.  Try the Blue Fin tuna, it is becoming a rarity in sushi these days.  In fact restaurants like this are quite rare.  Price for quality you can not be dissapointed.
2	First review on Yelp just because this place 's quality is too far away from other four and half star places.Service and creativity were good but raw material was bad.Tried two cold appetizers, including salmon scallop and uni. None of them was fresh enough. You can even taste the freezer from salmon sashimi.I should not give it a try given its review on Zagat. Very disappointed about this place and Yelp this time.
2	I chose to go to this restaurant because of the great reviews on Yelp and it was on the Eater 38 for Vegas. We ordered both sushi omakase dishes (daily selection and regular). The fish was just ok, we've definitely had better. We also ordered the uni to ikura dish. The uni was NOT fresh... almost foul tasting. Disappointing since I usually love uni. I wish we had just gone to a regular sushi restaurant with fresher fish and a more authentic feel. Fusion just isn't for us. To top it off, the service was extremely slow. There were only 4 occupied tables, a few people at the bar and two servers. After our meal was done, we were asked if we wanted to look at the dessert menu. The server never came back. We sat there for 20 minutes and then had to flag down the server to ask for the bill. We won't be coming back. 3 stars for food, 1 star for service.
5	We have been in Vegas for nearly 3 months. The entire film crew has hit this place multiple times. It's a game changer! It's presented tapas style, the specials ever changing. Some of the top hits are: the brussel sprouts (beyond comprehension) the shoshito peppers, everything Chef deigns to send out to you will make your taste buds sing. I will absolutely miss this place above all. And.... When you get the check & see what an amazing value it is you will love it even more!
5	OMAKASE DINNER!!!  That's all I need to say....So good and so worth it at $96 (for two).  The food not only taste delicious but also looks like art!  All the sauces are unique and made in house.  Seafood are fresh.Can't wait to go back when I visit Vegas again.  Wish they open one in Seattle!
5	My friend took me here to raise my spirits and because I had never been. It's a popular date spot for those wanting to impress their lady friends, and I can see why! G and I followed the Yonaka fruit theme with a dish of salmon and oranges, followed by a fennel and grapefruit sushi dish, completed with more salmon with crispy kale, cherry tomatoes, and pear as the fruit. We complimented dinner with sake sangria. Each dish was extremely balanced, never letting the sweet fruit over power the savory sauce, or the other way around. Every sauce was so delicious that I wished there was more food with the plate to keep using it! An excellent place for a date, group (sharing plates!) or as an individual wanting a reprieve to sit at a quiet bar corner and eat a diverting meal.
5	Yonaka is the bomb I have been at least 20 times.Service is a bit spotty but the food makes up for the bad service. I guess it's difficult to get good manager and servers in vegas. Where I come from and work I would probably off myself if I sucked that bad @ waiting tables. Last time the waiter grabbed my glass to refill it from the TOP basically fingered my beer so disgusting!! I also love nearly everytime they forget to run the food from the sushi side and the sushi chef's don't say anything or yell at the servers it's pretty much a joke u watch your food sit there for minutes.But with the food I give 5 stars it seriously rocks and is light and healthy and unique and packed w flavor!and I wouldn't give anything less than 5 stars because I don't want to damage this place and it close for any reason b/c IT IS THE BEST in city and sooo cheap for what u get it it's scary..Anyways chef's sashimi plate is a F'in steal for 26 beans. Enormous pieces of super high quality fish!Mushroom soup is simple and deliciousChicken wings w fish sauce some of the best ever!Really everything rocks here could go on and on.
5	Been here twice. Amazing the first time, very good the second time. Only ding on the second visit was that they ran out of two dishes that I ordered. (Better that than not fresh!) Innovative dishes, delicious food, reasonably good service. Phenomenal prices for Las Vegas. Gluten free options clearly marked on the menu. Definitely worth the trip from the Strip.
5	We (group of 4) enjoyed the omakase (chefs choice). First we had some delish Scottish Salmon, followed by yellowtail, some super yummy seabass and then the cooked food happened.  The pork belly was dreamy, the steak tasting and the cooked salmon with cauliflower were okay but I think our expectations were extremely high after having our raw offerings.  For dessert....I don't even know what happened.  There were all kinds of textures and flavors that included pistachio, mint, mango...there was ice cream, brownies and panna cotta yum everywhere.  The service was great, they have a very "interesting" and eclectic staff.
5	Mind blowing great.  15 dishes and everyone has bullseye.  Amazing value.  Tremendous mix of flavors.
5	Last night we had one of the best Japanese dining experiences of our life. This is not your typical cookie cutter Japanese restaurant.  The personal service from the staff and the expert craft of the chefs allows you to sit back and they will design and deliver a truly exceptional experience.  If you are in Las Vegas and crave fresh sushi do not miss this!
5	Our favorite sushi restaurant in town. We used to be AYCE eaters for years. But this place makes us don't want to look back. Exceptional food, presentation, atmosphere, service and very reasonable prices. Their happy hour menu is so worth checking out too (you can only have it at the bar). And I don't think I will ever touch uni at any AYCE spot again.
5	I love this place. Every time I want good food and service I end up here. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Each plate is like a work of art. If you want a true dining experience come here.
4	Finally made it to yonaka! Planned ahead to get there for happy hour (5-6:30), and very glad we did. For two if us, we split 6 dishes from the HH menu: salmon kale, tuna ceviche, the other cold dish, tuna hand roll, spicy crunchy shrimp roll, and the pork belly buns. They were all very good, but the salmon kale really stood out. They actually made kale taste awesome! We also had a cucumber saketini and a sake and grape drink that were both excellent. Overall 5 stars for food and drink. The location is china town south, so not quite as packed in, but not any closer to me. The ambiance is definitely cool - they've got the minimalist sushi thing going on, but with a rustic vibe. It only loses points for price. For HH dinner and 2 drinks, we spent $70 for two. And that was basically half off regular prices. High! I would come back for happy hour, but not during regular price hours.
5	I've probably been here with my boyfriend about 3 times now within the last 3-4 months.  And each time has been wonderful!  I love their meat candy.  Their apple/kimchi salad is sooo good, I can't believe they compliment each other so well together!  I have yet to try their sushi yet.  However, my most favorite dish for this restaurant is the sashimi chef pick!  It's so fresh that you can taste the ocean in each bite!  Makes me sad I haven't been able to go, but I definitely will be going very soon.  If anyone is looking for a great sushi place or japanese in general, this is the place.
5	Loved the place, they didn't have many vegan options but the chief was able to accommodate some dishes to be vegan. Great customer service, a little slow but worth the wait.
4	My official rating is 4.5 stars.This place is great!  We had the omakase dinner and it was a great experience.  The amount of food for the price was very generous.  In retrospect I sort of wish that I had ordered off the a la carte menu because I wanted to try some of the more adventurous offerings, and I feel that the omakase is toned down a little to appeal more to the masses.  Nevertheless the food was creative, fresh and delicious, concentrating a lot on acidic sauces and fruit paired with the fish, which made the meal very lively and refreshing.  Everything was delicious, and only one dish, involving a piece of supposedly Australian Wagyu beef that was pretty tough, was a let down.
4	Well worth the trip off the Strip. Fun, inventive Japanese cuisine. The Omakase is the best option for first-timers. For the 3 of us, we ordered the omakase and threw in a couple extra things (the menu is quite extensive). For me, the cold plates really stood out -- sashimi paired with fresh fruits, vegetables, and sauces. Will definitely check it out again!
1	I used to come here at least twice a week, I used to recommend it to everyone- but some thing was changed here during the last month-the food is awful tasteless and the freshness disappear.Today was my last time here.i am really upset because they were my favorite during the last year !! So sad that they can't keep up with the high level they used to have.
5	We had planned to celebrate Bastille day at a place called Marche Bucchus. However, after very rude initial service we left. I called and made a reservation at Yonaka. The staff salvage a horrible start at Marche Bucchus and made our evening at Yonakas an experience we will remember for a long time. The staff and service was superb and Marche Bucchus could definitely learn from your place on how to do it right. Even when the restaurant lost power, the staff at Yonaka kept excelling with top notch customer service. Keep up the great work!!!We have now made our reservation to celebrate our anniversary with Yonaka. Great things come to those who do it right. Thank you
1	Alright, I gave the restaurant manager ample time to respond to my complaints via email.  Now I need to share with you guys the worst dining experience I have ever had.Let me preface this by saying, I am a restaurant manager.  I know I am critical about service.  Even bad service I can sit back and chuckle about, but the end of this meal had me in awe.  We went here after work one night, not too late though.  I think they are open till 2 and wen went in at 11.  We were promptly seated and greeted.  Everything went great.  The food was great, it was paced out, we were not in a hurry so we were happy waiting a few minutes between courses.  Our server seemed knowledgable.  She checked in occasionally and had some good suggestions.  All seemed to be going great.  When we were on our last course, with food still on our table, she came by and asked if we had decided on dessert yet.  Well, that's a little early to ask that when we don't even have a dessert menu in front of us and we are still eating our entree.  We said we were still eating and we weren't ready yet.  When we were done, a busser cleared our food.  We figured out that the dessert menu was on the regular menu which was in a drawer beneath the table.  So we pulled it out and she immediately came back and asked us again if we were ready.  We told her we needed a minute.  That was the last we saw of her.After ten minutes, she had not come back, I even tried to wave down a manager, who ignored me.  I finally got up, went to the bar area where they were all hanging out and asked if we could order desserts.  The manager came over to take our dessert order.  The dessert came out, still no check backs.  About the time the dessert is delivered I see our server sit down at the bar with her friend.  They both have beer in front of them and start having food put in front of them.  Now my blood starts to boil a little bit.  We finish our desserts, while I have to stare at our server sitting down to a good time.  After about 10 more minutes I go up to the bar again.  The manager is behind the bar, the server is still sitting there.  I ask if we can have our check and the server looks at the manager and says, "can you get her check."  What kind of restaurant do you run where your staff gets to drink and eat instead of doing their duties, and not only that but bosses around management to do their job.  I cannot even fathom how this is acceptable at this restaurant.  So the manager brings us our check, and I"m still fuming, he apologizes for me having to get up and says he took care of our dessert.  I'm still fuming.  He comes back with our credit card and gives me a coupon for a free appetizer next time I'm in.The server literally never came back to our table.  News flash...I will never go back in to redeem my "free appetizer" coupon.  As I said, the food was amazing, it's a nice place and I know a ton of people have had great experiences here.  I was so offended by how I was treated, I will continue to tell people this story.  Any place that allows their staff to behave this way clearly is not run well.
3	Food here is amazing.. Sashimi dishes were fresh and any pork belly dish is delicious.. Went here a couple of times this week the cons of this place is SERVICE! the first time we went our server seemed to have disappeared drinks weren't being refilled no one checking on us and server didn't bring us our check we had to flag down someone else to get it.. The second time we went was today and again the food there is great.. Service not so much.. We ordered a ton of stuff just to sample and planned on taking the rest home some items had a maximum of 2 bites taken out of them and we asked that it get boxed up.. When I got home that night I didn't have all my items and they were close to being a full portion..so if you get anything to go there make sure it's all in the bag.. Also took FOREVER to get the check and had to ask multiple times..
4	Had dinner here at 9:15pm on a Tuesday night. We had the 8 course omakase. == Service ==We were promptly greeted, seated and had the Yonaka concept was explained to us. Our server also explained the menu, including some of the new and popular dishes. We ordered our drinks (a white wine and green tea), which arrived promptly. The rest of the service for the night was great, everyone was attentive with check ins and drink refills (for the green tea) and always made sure we weren't wanting for drinks.The one tiny demerit point is that when there wasn't anything for the servers or kitchen staff to do, they would gather around the bar for a chit chat. I'm not opposed to a friendly work environment, but having 4-6 staff gathering at the edge of the bar in plain sight of the customers just seemed to be off. Again, this is a tiny tiny demerit point, since they WERE attentive and prompt with service.== Food ==The omakase was well paced. It was also a lot more food than I had anticipated. We had an extra starter course, compliments of the chef, which is always a nice surprise. The omakase consisted of an appetizer of brussels sprouts, 3 cold dishes, 3 warm dishes and a dessert.The one thing that is consistent through all 8 dishes is that the sauces were amazing. As in, lick-the-plate amazing.Another minor demerit point, and I'm not even sure if it's a food-category demerit, or even demerit worthy, is that because the sauces were so amazing, I often wanted a spoon to scoop it up with. Admittedly, I could have just asked for a spoon.I don't think I could pick a single favorite dish from the 8 course omakase. Overall, it was well balanced.== Ambiance ==There was only 2 other tables when we arrived. At the end, there was about 6 tables, including us. It was quiet, but not uncomfortably so. We could carry on a conversation in normal voices without feeling like we were being too loud.The decor is calming and modern. There's options of table seating or bar seating.== Summary ==Great food, good service, good ambiance. Will be back for the 11 course omakase!
5	What a find in Las Vegas!  While in town for a wedding we were looking for a good place to eat in the sea of buffets all with terrible reviews.  My wife discovered Yonaka and we set out.  Despite our initial concern that it was in a strip mall, the first courses set our minds at ease and we settled in for a leisurely meal.  The brussel sprouts are fantastic, the sashimi was fresh and almost melted in our mouths.  The foie gras was not your average presentation and we wound our way through several courses.  Our only regret was not leaving room for dessert, they looked marvelous!  If you like amazing food you owe it to yourself to leave the strip and take in this rare gem.
5	me and two friends ate here for 4th of july weekend.  it has been a while since i have eaten at an asian fusion-tapas kind of place.  this was the best and most unique ive ever been to.  by far and away. everything we ordered was amazing, and we had alot so i will list the items that really stood out:SUIKA SAKANA, lean tuna, watermelon, jalapeno, mint, cilantro, basil oilKARAAGE fried chicken, jalapeno, mint, basil, onion NANA IRO, yellowtail, grapefruit, avocado, cherry tomato, fennel, chili sauceISHIYAKI, "sear it yourself" on hot stones, lemon salt ponzu, mushroom sauce wagyu beef TEA BRINED RIBS, pork ribs, citrus-honey-tea glaze, sesamefor dessert, let me say this as clear as i can.  this was the best dessert i have ever had.  i had milk and cookies.  fresh baked soft choc chip cookies, with a glass of "cereal" milk on the side.  we also shared the 2 other desserts that came with it that were also amazing.  cant wait to go back to vegas and eat here again.  the service was also terrific.  great place.
4	I recently went here for happy hour was was impressed and surprised at the skill and thought they put into every dish. Service was wonderful and the ambiance is lovely. Most of the dishes I had were awesome (the brussel sprouts and octopus). I only had a few issues. My toro was chewy, and the foie gras dish on the happy hour menu really didn't highlight the star ingredient it was 90% toasted thick bread and greens. Overall I would definitely try it again, hopefully for their chef's omakase.
3	So my husband and I haven't had a date night in over a year (we had a baby) and when the time finally came for our big night out we wanted to get our most favorite thing ever, omakase!! We made a reservation, took a cab all the way from the strip and came in with really high expectations (maybe too high).So when you get omakase, you are basically agreeing to the culinary stylings of the chef and our chef on that particular evening was seemingly enamored with one ingredient, one very controversial hated-by-many ingredient, and that infamous ingredient, was FENNEL. You know, the cabbage that tastes like black licorice, yeah that. Now I'm not a fennel hater, but no one likes fennel THAT much. I was starting to feel like the chef wasn't really be creative but just trying to get rid of all this extra fennel he bought and I was the garbage disposal. Anyways, our service was stellar and the ambiance here is beautiful, but for the extreme cost of the meal, I expected more from Yonaka.
3	A modern take on sushi...very creative.  Although being creative, some ingredients do not do too well together.  They also got rid of a few dishes that were popular.  All in all a nice modern atmosphere and if you like interesting dishes...this would be the place!
4	Waltzed into here at around 10:45 p.m. on a Thursday night, having an awful day but boy did Yonaka turn it around. it's got a romantic-ish modern vibe and awkward but hilarious servers.  I asked one server what the "super dry" asahi was, and rather than bs his way through an explanation he ran back behind the counter to ask someone more well-versed and came back with the full scientific classification of a super dry beer (LOL). Slightly unnecessary but appreciated. the food did not disappoint, I had hamachi chili, which had a generous slices of yellowtail in a chili soup reduction thing with pickled cucumber and fried onions on top. the mackeral (3$) was decent for the price. I knocked over our bottle of sake and the ice spilled out of it.  The waiter came back and was like, no worries, i'll replace it. ( i thought he meant the ice) he comes back with a full nother bottle of sake (ours was almost gone) minutes later he comes back with another bottle of sake (complimentary for my roomies bday). Later he returns with two shots of the best sake they had, and did a shot with my roommate, again celebrating her birthday.  Finally, after we did the celebratory midnight drink, they came out with an elaborate plate of some sort of mango coconut concotion with mango ice cream. All of the sushi was fresh, interest, and retained the integrity of the fish. Great service.  the waiters recommended dishes that I sincerely believed they enjoyed and did not try to push anything on is. WIll return.
5	For being a semi-frequent visitor of Las Vegas, my husband and I are always looking for some good eats outside of the strip bubble.  Thank you to David V. for the recommendation on the best sushi + happy hour that we've had in quite a while.We arrived during happy hour and were greeted immediately by some happy faces.  The service is phenomenal, and our server was attentive and professional.  We had a handful of questions about the small plates, recommendations, and cocktails they had available, and all of our questions were thoroughly answered.Prior to dining, we were treated to a ginger apple/fruit mixed amuse-bouche which was incredible in itself.  How can one bite have so much flavor?  Seriously delectable.For our meal, we ordered the chuka buns (pork buns), sashimi, and California rolls.  I'm a little disappointed I didn't end up trying the brussels sprouts that everyone's so clearly raving about, but I suppose that's for next time.  The chuka bun was delicious, and the kimchi gave me a spicy kick in the mouth.  The fish was fresh and the visual presentation was exceptional.  The sashimi was almost too beautiful to eat!http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=eWTu-jCx_xakSovzb21UNg&userid=FAJSZu5vgxibnUN7HxKItQ (chuka buns)http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=fvQ4S0Qtg996zDuh-Tk4YA&userid=FAJSZu5vgxibnUN7HxKItQ (sashimi)I highly recommend the cucumber basil martini.  It was refreshing and complimented nicely with the sushi.We couldn't pass up the greenies.  Green tea brownies, strawberry ice cream, and white chocolate is the perfect way to end your meal.  I'd visit again just for drinks and dessert.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=kqvP774Oh4qOAQYTjhNe8w&userid=FAJSZu5vgxibnUN7HxKItQ (greenies)You're absolutely getting what you pay for with Yonaka.  The small plates and entrees are more on the $$$ side, however the quality is superb.  A+!
5	The service was awesome! Probably the best service I have ever had. The waiters were really friendly and were always available. Right away we were given watermelon samples and lemonade. The lemonade was AMAZING. This wasn't AYCE as I expected, but I definitely wasn't disappointed. I ordered the spider roll and mushroom soup. The soup and sushi tasted great. I have never had squid before until this dinner and was surprised by how good it tasted. We finished the night with the Choco 10. DELISH. Would definitely come here again!!!
5	Absolutely fantastic find. The food was spectacular - some of the best sushi I've had (and I've had a lot) and the service was faultless. We arrived late (bad traffic, slowest taxi ever) and had to rush to get to a show - without flinching they brought us their tasting menu in record time. There were dishes that I would not normally have ordered (including the brussels sprouts) which were all absolutely fantastic. Only wish we'd had more time to savour each dish.Definitely worth the drive off the Strip!
4	I am a sushi lover and went here for the first time a couple of weeks ago for dinner with a friend. We took the server's recommendation and went with the 5-course tasting menu. The food was fabulous from start to finish. Yonaka is high-end sushi and sashimi doing Nobu-quality dishes (including some very creative and delicious items) for 1/4 of the price. The crispy brussels sprouts, sea bass, yellowtail, wagyu beef and scallops were all simply great. And... The tasting menu for 2 plus a couple of drinks each came to $150.My only criticism is that the drink service was a little slow mid-meal. I'm a customer who likes a server to notice that I'm almost done with my cocktail and ask me whether I want another drink and bring it quickly. On this occasion, I had to flag down the server and ask for another cocktail, and then it took quite awhile to get it. However, the server acknowledged the slow service and apologized (without me needing to say anything) and the manager took the drink off the check.I'll be visiting again, soon!
5	If you want to get the best bang for your buck and with the most variety, I highly recommend coming in during HH as well as order the 8 course omakase! It's meant for two people but we split it among three. So glad our server suggested it! The omakase consisted of one appetizer, three cold dishes, three hot dishes, and one dessert. Don't forget to ask what they are serving for the omakase that day so you don't double order! Well, unless you want to.. We also ordered a few dishes off the HH menu and by the end, we were STUFFED! We were also given one extra dessert (Mango Cotta) for a birthday celebration!My favorites:Sake Orenji consists of salmon, oranges, tobiko, and yuzu sauce. It sounds a little weird but it tastes so refreshing!Crispy Brussel Sprouts: I never had brussel sprouts before this so i don't have much to compare. All i remember from my childhood is that NO CHILD liked brussel sprouts. This was so good though! It wasn't too overpowering at all. So crunchy and airy at the same time.Tea Brined Ribs: These were so tender and delicious. I loved the citrus honey tea glaze on this! BUT it is a little too sweet for my taste.Uni to Ikura: It consists of uni, ikura, shitaki mushrooms, and scallops all on top of a kabocha paste. If you're not a fan of shitaki mushrooms, I wouldn't recommend this dish because it has a strong taste to it. BUT I guess you could just pick it out lolFoie Gras nigiri: This was definitely interesting! For some reason, I was expecting it to be a little firm but It was buttery and just melts in your mouth. SO GOOD.My only complaint is that it does take some time for the cold dishes to come out if it is busy. I believe the main chef prepares most, if not all the dishes and you can tell he spends time on the presentation.The lighting at the bar isn't the best to take pictures. Forgot to take pictures of everything!
4	The freshest sushi and sashimi. We loved the salmon, yellowtail, and fatty tuna sashimi.  The grilled yellowtail was delicious. Wanted to try the wagyu but it had sold out.  I hope to try it next time. The mango dessert top the meal off. Can't wait to go back next time I'm in vegas. It would have been 5 stars but the service was slow and my sashimi was delivered to another table so I had to wait for them to prepare it.
5	The reviews do not lie, amazing atmosphere, great service and awesome food. We had the opportunity to talk to the manager which was very friendly and informative. She told us that the whole concept of the restaurant was to pick the freshest ingredients and mix them with different flavors and fruits from around the world. Apparently, they have over 150 different sauces that are all home made. As a matter of fact everything is home made even the soy sauce!! I would recommend you to have the sake orenji and the yellow tail sashimi.. Well actually any sashimi you order would be a good option!
5	Wow!!!! Best tapas ever! We had a group of 4 and we ordered the 11 course chefs special. EVERYTHING that came out was amazing! The fish was so fresh and melted in your mouth. Some of the absolute favourites were the seared tuna and uni! If you're here visiting don't miss this gem just because it's not on the strip. You will pay half of what u would at some name brand and you will get so much more food and it will all be amazing! oh and did I mention the service is impeccable!
5	Wow... the food here is amazing. So delicious.  The fat duck is a must to get. Its hard to explain the type  of food it is here but its just good
5	I found this place last year.  Off the strip and everything is amazing.  There wasn't a single dish that did not exceed our expectations.  And almost everything we tried was unique.
5	My husband and I come to Vegas four times a year for tradeshows. We spend 1-3 weeks at a time there, have our favorite places to eat (and are getting sick of some of them!) This time, we made a deal to look around, make an effort to leave our area (but still staying off-Strip!!) and find some good food. Yonaka came so highly recommended here, we decided to give it a try. I am pescatarian, and the server was helpful in offering that they would alter the omakase dinner to include all fish proteins. Nice! I wish I had made notes on exactly what we were served. The brussels sprout dish, as others mention here, was wonderful. The other dishes, both hot and cold, were invariably surprises: impeccably presented, made from wonderfully fresh ingredients, and, all, dishes and concepts I had never tasted before. Dishes ranged from the very delicate, fresh raw salmon with oranges to a hearty friend octopus.....and the mango dessert, as others mention here, is amazing!The service was responsive and attentive. Our server was informative and friendly, never intrusive. Just a really pleasant evening, delightful food, a memorable experience.
3	Tonight, the Brussels sprouts were not as good as on my first visit. They were very bitter possibly from the batch or maybe because they use a different supplier. This was the commonality among all the dishes. We also ordered the Asian pillow, midori salad, and beet salad. Midori salad- light tasting salad however the lettuce was a premixed spring salad and the radicchio made the salad bitter; avocado was not ripe; needed a crunchy element other than a crunchy vegetable Beet salad- all the ingredients in this salad paired well togetherAsian pillow- same premixed salad as the midori salad; once again too biter; sun dried tomatoes were hard; the yellow sauce on the plate was entirely too sour; didn't taste or see any Thai chili
3	I'm giving "TREE"  stars for this place. First off I would like to say overall the food was good we, me and a friend had an 8 course omakase. 5/8 dishes were fairly good. Being in the culinary industry makes my criticism go a little further into detail but let me cut to the point and not make myself sound like in ass. Lol. I'd recommend if your visiting; always nice to explore and see what's out there instead of staying ordinary cause that's just BORING. You don't want to be that guy/girl.With that being said I would like to bring this up...me and a friend had an Indian food funner "I'm not being racist" don't know If he was new to the restaurant or not but he had no idea what was in some of the dishes for example; what type of fish it was, what sauce it was dressed In, the vegetables to compliment the dish. I knew for a fact what type of fish  it was but I let him explain the dish before I ask questions. He then told me it was scallop sashimi... idiot it's red snapper, then told me there was all kinds of veggies on the plate. WHAT A MAROON! After I corrected him they switched of food runners that actually knew what he was talking about lol which was kinda nice. No need for being a pain in the arse. Overall I would recommend for people that's willing to expand their pallet and explore what these chefs create.  Not the best but worth the price now go!!
5	All the rave reviews are true! I was told by many people to go here, so I had really high expectations. I was afraid this place was built up too much and I'd be disappointed, but that certainly wasn't the case!We came for happy hour as suggested, and everything was amazing. The brussel sprouts came out first and set a high bar for the rest of the meal. One of the best vegetable plates I've ever had! I could eat bowls and bowls of these! Then we got the sake kale and the sake orenji (not on HH menu). Both were an explosion of flavor! The pork belly buns came out last, and they were worth the wait. I love the grilled, charred flavor and the jalapeno added a nice spicy kick. Yum! Not only does everything taste delicious, but the presentation was absolutely beautiful. It made the food look even more appetizing! This will be my new go to place for out of town guests!
5	This place was good! Same concept almost as sushi samba but off the strip, therefore cheaper (but still around 70$ per person). Oh and they have their own twist on their plates but it was yummy! Their Scotland salmon special (don't know what it was called) surely was the best salmon I've ever had. The mandarins and the sauce fit together perfectly. The foie gras was also awesome!..
5	Food=amazingService= amazing Price= amazingHappy hour offers great options. I had the sake kale and that was delicious.
5	A unique experience.  Not your typical sushi place.   Loved everything we ordered including dessert!  Service was also great.  After eating at a few celebrity chef owned restaurants in vegas i would say the creativity and taste here surpasses the strip restaurants.  Also ate at nobu a while ago and food here was on par with quality there but you get more for your $$ here ;)
5	My husband and I have just spent the last 2 weeks travelling through LA, Vegas and Palm Springs, and this was out favourite meal of the whole trip- keeping in mind we visited some of the "best" and "most expensive" restaurants in all 3 locations. The service was wonderful and the food just incredible. We did the 8 course tasting menu- just amazing!!!!! I don't think I have ever had such innovative, yet traditional Japanese food in my life. I definitely recommend this restaurant if you are in Vegas!!! We will be back!
5	This is the first review I have ever written and I created an account just to review this restaurant. This is hands down the best Japanese restaurant we have ever been to! At first we were unsure if we wanted to leave the Las Vegas strip, but now this place will always be apart of our trip. The food was delicious and the experience was wonderful!  The brussel sprouts, wagu beef, and chocolate dessert were our favorite. Even better, the prices are very reasonable and we honestly though our bill was going to be $100 more than it was. From now on, I will recommend this place to all of my friends when they go to Vegas because I honestly believe it will be tough finding many restaurants better than this!
5	Loved this place and the incredible reviews took me straight there. Love sushi and this pops and opens up all your senses to new sushi. Head Chef Toshi presented his signature dish that was delicious with mandarin and sashimi. Loved ordering single pieces and full rolls. Very affordable. The best was Shaila, Pastry Chefs suggestion to try Choco 10. Layers of chocolate that you have to make room for after dinner. Incredible place you have to visit. Not your ordinary sushi experience.
5	This place was outstanding!  It was recommended by a friend of a friend. Meaning, I was not at all confident that it would be any good at all. And unlike, say, pizza, mediocre sushi is not still damn good.  I have to say the menu items were inventive and fresh. Perfectly executed. And beyond delicious. I shared the eight item Chef's Choice, and there's just no reason to order anything else. Ok--that's a lie. I wish I'd had room to order the foie gras and duck roll.  Although it's hard to get me to travel off the strip since there are so many choices, I would go out of my way to eat here again.
5	Simply amazing!!!My wife and I tried the tasting menu by the the third cold dish we were in love.The service was outstanding in every way and plan to make it a staple for every Vegas trip.
5	We went for the omakase menu.Dinner was simply the finest Japanese food that we've ever tasted. The server was polite, courteous, and knowledgable. And the food was served in courses very timely. We were constantly checked on, with drinks always being filled, and never had to wait long between courses.My friend went here on a recommendation and instead went for their happy hour menu, and she too said that all she ordered was good.
4	We dined at 10pm this past Friday for a late dinner in Vegas. This seems to be a local spot, so it wasn't as lively as I thought it would be. Not to worry though!! We enjoyed the chill ambiance. The decor was minimal, but comfortable borderline contemporary.I went here with my bf who's Japanese and we both really enjoyed ourselves. The execution of the fusion dishes was spot on and did not mask any of the traditional Japanese flavors, which are meant to be clean and simplistic, but robust. The presentation was beautiful and carefully crafted. The service was outstanding, attentive and informative. Our waitress with the glasses was very sweet. For that matter, everyone was very nice and accommodating. To get a better perspective of how much a party of 2 ordered: shisito peppers, konpa, sunomono, 2 pc eel, 2 pc wagyu, Fat Duck roll (omg so rich!), and tuna tataki which was on special menu. We also received a complimentary starter of the compressed watermelon which was very refreshing, and a complimentary palate cleanser that consisted of chopped apples, cherry tomato with a vinegar-esq dressing. We were VERY full after eating! :) We will be back next time we are in the area! :)
5	Do you know the song Explosions by Ellie Goulding? If I could somehow describe Yonaka using a song, it would be that. The flavor of each dish slowly exploded in your mouth, and it was beyond delicious. I came here twice, and both times were equally delicious. All in all, I tried the crispy brussel sprouts, karaage, pokuyaki, tea brined ribs, 10 course chocolate dessert, and a couple of other dishes (which I unfortunately forgot the names of and will try to describe).Brussel sprouts: I hate brussel sprouts, but after having Yonaka's brussel sprouts, I would come here again and again for it. The brussel sprouts I have tried are usually bland, but there was so much flavor packed in their dish. There was this crunch, and in a way, it felt like you weren't even eating brussel sprouts. They almost tasted like mini-potatoes, because it was so soft.Karaage: As I'm writing this review, my mouth is watering. The chicken is extremely juicy and cooked to such perfection. At other places, the coating of the chicken overwhelms the chicken itself, but the chicken to coating ratio is perfect. Salmon, kale, quinoa, cherry tomatoes, and pear (I forgot the name of this dish.): I am not a fan of fish, but I did try the salmon. The cut of the salmon was extremely fresh, and my table loved it. I did eat the other parts of this dish, but the one that that stood out  of this dish was the crispiness of the kale. It was flawless.Coconut sandwich with egg dipping sauce (I forgot the name of this dish.): My table got this dish towards the end of our meal, and by then, we were stuffed. This dish is unique: a sweet coconut sandwich dipped into a soy sauce with egg? Even though it sounds weird, it was scrumptious. Pokuyaki: Ah, I'm so used to eating steamed buns with peking duck, but Yonaka's twist with the pork, granny smith apples, and jalapenos surely satisfied me. They give such a big, thick slice of pork, and the flavors of each ingredient compliment each other. I especially liked the spiciness of the jalapeno.Tea brined ribs: Yummy ribs! This dish a bit on the sweeter side, but still mouthwatering. The only negative is that I made a mess while trying to eat it because the meat doesn't slide right off.10 ways to eat chocolate dessert: If you love chocolate, you have to order this. SOOO GOOD. I particularly liked the ice cream, and the chocolate isn't beyond sweet. Our table was also given a complimentary strawberry drink in the cutest cup, and I could drink that forever. I love Yonaka, and I would definitely come back again, and again. The quality and quality here is beyond superb. And their waiters/waitresses are extremely friendly and well-informed. It is such an exquisite place. :)
5	In Vegas I've realized that you just can't judge a book by it's cover. Yonaka is located in a strip mall and we had an incredible experience here! My friends Nelson and Sylvia took us to Yonaka for happy hour and they did not steer us wrong. I'm from Hawaii where we have a plethora of Japanese cuisine and Yonaka certainly holds its own.Highlights were:Brussel sprouts: Order them and then write me a thank you letter. I enjoy beautiful stationary and $100 bills.Avocado nigiri: I've never really cared for avocados but somehow they really worked as nigiri sushi. The creaminess of the avocado just explodes in your mouth.We ordered a bunch of other dishes but quite honestly my brain exploded from the pure bliss I experienced and I basically blacked out. It was that good folks. I do recall though that service was excellent and the modern, clean decor is great for a first date or gathering of friends. Happy hour is definitely the way to go and we left stuffed for just $20 each once we split the bill. Just a few minutes off of the strip and a great way to eat like a local on a budget! Do it, do it NOW!!!
5	Love this place! One of my favorite restaurant in Vegas. I crave it every time I'm in the area. I like to get the Omakase and have every dish come out as a surprise. Great place to take a date. My boyfriend and I had dinners here multiple times.
3	Please consider this a 3.5 star review.  ;)The food was epic, and has been well documented in pictures and prose on these pages.  If you like imaginative eats, and are open to some wild protein-fruit combinations, get over there and try it.Unfortunately, the second line service we received was very poor... and unbefitting of the food and the atmosphere.  Our server (Gene, I think his name was?) was great.  Deep knowledge of the menu and was working his ass off.  The busser/helper dudes, though, were in way over their heads.  One guy, after delivering some nigiri sushi, said 'I'll be right back with wasabi, ginger, and soy for you'.  Never came.  Tired of sitting there watching my sushi get less fresh by the moment, I flagged him down, and he apologetically said he'd bring it right over.  HE.  FORGOT.  AGAIN.  Having to ask three times for the same thing is crazy.  And I'm really not a picky diner... but we're talking about a SUSHI BAR where traditional accoutrements should be provided on an anticipatory basis.  Another guy accidentally dumped so much water on the table next to us, I thought there was an ice bucket challenge going down.  Anyway, we'll go back and give it another shot.  The food was that good.  Bonus tip:  The $8 Chardonnay on the list is surprisingly delicious for the price point and goes great with everything we tried on the menu.
4	It was difficult to review our dining experience here - many dishes we tried during our omakase were easily forgettable, but there were some dishes that definitely took modern dining to a whole new level. I'll feel comfortable giving this place a solid 4, for innovation, value and also counting in the fact they offered quality service.We celebrated my boyfriend's birthday with an 8 course omakase for 2, $110. The 8 courses offered so much more food than we expected - the portions were generous. Also, we appreciated that everything was well paced. However, we concluded that we would rather order a la carte the next time we dine here. One thing can be equally said about all of their dishes, they have perfected the art of plating and presentation - down to an extremely beautiful science! I adore vibrant, edible flowers used as garnish and they really outdid themselves on the colorful aesthetic of each dish.Appetizer://Crispy Brussels sprouts//Lemon, chili, mint, puffed crispy rice. The charred, dark brown, leafy bits coated with the sweet tangy sauce is to die for! I can honestly say that it's my favorite dish of everything we tried. So good! Flavor rating: 5/53 Cold: //Sake orenji// Scottish salmon, orange supreme, yuzu tobiko, orange oil. This dish had wonderful soft texture and refreshing flavor. It was a little on the oily side, for my taste, but it was the second top dish of the evening. Flavor rating: 5/5//Tate Ichigo//Raw Hokkaido sea scallops, fresh strawberry, apricot relish, strawberry dashi, hibiscus salt. The presentation and the sauce was extremely gorgeous, yet the sauce and overall taste of everything was mild and forgettable. Flavor rating: 2/5//Crudo//Sea bass, kumato tomato, ikura, candied quinoa, lemon herb oil. This dish also didn't blow away my tastebuds. The sauce was tangy, but simple. It's an innovative combination, but definitely not one that I favor. I also ended up with stab inside my cheek by a sharp, firm pin-bone. Flavor rating: 2/5//Hamachi Crudo//Yellowtail, Castelvetrano olives, pickled fennel, chives, grapefruit, preserved lemons. This dish was the Chef's apology for feeding me a sharp pin-bone in the last crudo dish. While the gesture was appreciated, I took one bite and couldn't eat the rest. The yellowtail sashimi tasted offensively fishy, the pickled fennel was cut too thick and extremely hard to bite into, and the overall, combined flavors of the dish was unappetizing. They practically took the dish back whole. Flavor rating: 0/5Palate Cleanser: Small bowl of fresh fruit and mint (green apples, kiwi, strawberry) 3 Hot://Meat candy//Twice cooked caramel glazed pork belly, kimchee apple, fried crispy cilantro. The pork belly was tender and sweet. The kimchee green apple salad was unique and it helped add texture if you ate it together with the pork. (If you're wondering, we're stuffed silly by this point) Flavor rating: 3/5//Niku berry//Wagyu, strawberries, apricot, Serrano, candied enoki, grilled fennel, fried egg puree, thai chimichurri. This dish was extremely dry for my taste, there was minimal sauce or chimichurri on the plate. The wagyu was offensively overcooked, dried out and tough. Again, the fennel was an unwelcome addition to the plate - raw, flavorless, and too hard to cut or bite into. The only thing on the dish that I enjoyed was the candied enoki mushrooms - wow those were amazing! Flavor rating: 1/5//Sakana yaki//Chef's choice oak grilled fish seabass, cauliflower, table poured cauliflower dashi, pickled Cucumber, creme fraiche. The overall flavor was very bland. Use a spoon to scoop up a bite of the seabass together with the creamy cauliflower dashi, and make sure to get some of that pickled cucumber into the bite- it will help wake it up a bit. Flavor rating: 3/5Dessert://Greenies//Strawberry white chocolate sauce (yum), rich coffee soil (chocolatey and crunchy), crunchy candied almonds (adds perfect texture), refreshing strawberry mint ice cream (light), lusciously creamy green tea semi fredo (my favorite!), green tea twill (tasted burnt) and green tea chocolate chip brownie (great concept, but it was rock hard and dry) & wash each bite down with a sip of warm strawberry white chocolate soup (WOW!)What made the "Greenies" dessert course from Yonaka incredibly unique and extraordinary were the little cups of warm strawberry white chocolate soup that was served alongside the dessert. You're supposed to sip the warm, slightly sweet, almost milky soup after every bite of the dessert. Wow! It tingled and delighted my tastebuds! Step aside milk! The warmth of this soup set each component of the dessert to a whole 'notha level. The dessert concept was extremely chic and scrumptious. (I'll turn away my cheek from the burnt twill and the dried out brownie on this one) Flavor rating: 5/5
5	Had dinner here last night. Awesome service and the food was amazing and super fresh.
2	I did a lot of research before my trip to Vegas and was pleased to learn about Yonaka. I had been to Raku twice before and love their food but was ready for a change. So I eagerly went to Yonaka, hoping for a new Japanese dining experience in Vegas.The first bad sign was that the restaurant had only about 10 people in it at prime time of 7pm. Not a positive sign. The next was that not one but 2 of the wait staff couldn't even pronounce "omakase." What?We ordered the 8 course omakase anyway, despite the pronunciation issues. For some reason, this restaurant loves to combine citrus acid to their fish and it just didn't work for me. Oranges and salmon. Strawberries and scallops. It was just all too bizarre. The flavor combos didn't work for me at all and I felt like the fruits were disguising the lack of freshness of the fish. And their fish was cut way too thick.The hot dishes weren't much better. The supposedly wagyu beef was overcooked (there was no red at all in the steak) and the pork belly was chewy.Sometimes, traditional food just shouldn't be messed with and Yonaka is a prime example of that. If you're looking for good Japanese food in Vegas, head over to Raku. Right now.
4	This is actually a 4.5 star review.  We liked many things about the restaurant but decided to subtract a star because the $30 approx for 12 pieces of sashimi was overpriced and the waiters were too soft spoken and hard to understand. But the staff was very nice.All of the sashimi was fresh and flavorful. The uni to ikura was our favorite part of the meal. It was delicious with earthy crispy mushrooms, tomatoes, fresh delicate uni, scallops, and roe. We had the greenies for dessert. It tasted very sweet and had a lot of components to it. It came with strawberry milk that you were supposed to sip with every bite.
5	Just stopped in after the Mayweather fight. Hands down, this was best sushi we have ever eaten.  Excellent service, the chefs were so personable, and the dishes were out-of-this-world! The brussel sprouts are a must-have. We will be back, each and every time we go to Las Vegas.
4	A few weeks back a friend had told us about "the best" Brussel Sprouts he had recently eaten during an omakase meal at Yonaka Modern Japanese. My husband and I love Brussel Sprouts so it was easy for him to convince us to check it out during happy hour (5:00pm-6:30pm and 11:00pm to close). You cannot make reservations for the bar tables where happy hour is served. It's first come, first served, but I wouldn't anticipate a wait. We were the only patrons until 5:30, then tables slowly started to fill. The space is modern and comfortable. Comfort is important because it takes time to craft their beautiful dishes. Cold sake and Asahi drafts ($3) are available during happy hour along with a couple other options. The menu offers a variety, allowing you to create a feast. Our party of three enjoyed the following:Beet Fries ($5) I didn't expect to enjoy these as much as I did. Crisp, earthy and slightly sweet. They were addicting. Crispy Brussel Sprouts ($6) were highly addicting. They were caramelized and dressed with lemon chili and topped with puffed rice. Sake Orenji ($7) is one of their best sellers. It's beautifully presented. The flavor is fresh and clean, with a hint of orange. I thought the salmon pieces were cut too large. It would be better with more delicate cuts of fish.Hamachi chili ($7?) was another beautiful dish. Well balanced and great flavor, but again, the fish was sliced too thick.Negitoro Roll ($7) is blue fin tuna belly with scallions. Tasty.Crunchy spicy tuna hand roll ($5) were a pleasant surprise. I really enjoyed the crunch, it offered a contrast texture to the soft spicy tuna. Very fresh and great flavor.Chuka buns ($7) were quickly devoured. The pork belly was tender and nicely rendered, loved the crispness of the green apple, and the heat from the jalapeno.Avocado nigiri ($1) so simple, but well composed with a hint of soy and citrus.Service was attentive but disjointed to start. We were approached by no less than three staff members before identifying our server. All in all, it's a great little find.
4	Excellent! Could have been five stars!!My friend and I found on Yelp, looking to get off the strip. The place was quiet and mostly empty but we did arrive before 6 on a Sat which is def early for Vegas. Right away we noticed the sushi chefs. These guys are authentic! It's harder to describe but trust, you will understand when you see. We ordered a variety of apps and sushi and it was all amazing. Not a big desert fan and I think there were four to choose on the menu but the waitress highly recommended so we split one. Very unique and as amazing as the rest of the meal. We were looking to get away from the Vegas strip pricing though and it was not cheap. Cheap can be a dirty word though and I am a believer you get what you pay for. We tipped well and it was about $180 for the two of us inc one bottle $7 sake. Ok, it could have been even worse on the strip, but the food could not have been better. If you are looking to save I can't recommend but otherwise I recommend very highly!!
5	I can't even put into words how amazing this place is! I'm kicking myself for not coming sooner! The 8 course omakase is one of the best meals I've had in this city- or any city. Service is both personable and impeccable, wonderful flavors and presentation you won't find elsewhere. CRISPY BRUSSELS SPROUTS- a favorite for a reason, generous portion, too! Love the sauce, wish it was more liberally applied.SAKE ORENJI- salmon with citrus elements, fabulously fatty cut of fish packed with flavor. Starting simple...TATE ICHIGO- Wait, strawberries and scallops? I'd never think to combine these flavors, the similar textures were a trip and the fruit-salsa-like sauce was well done.HAMACHI CRUDO- BF's favorite dish but not mine, a bit too much going on with the pickled fennel AND green olive but it grew on me.Sumomono- frozen cantaloupe lollipop was simple an delightful!AKAMI BEET- complimentary daily special from the staff, blew my mind with the presentation, textures, and flavors. BF called it one of his favorite dishes of all time, the sauces and vegetables could stand alone as their own dish even without the spectacular spice-rubbed tuna.MEAT CANDY- how did I live before knowing about crispy cilantro?! BF lives for pork belly but I'm both less carnivorous and not a kim chi fan, but I enjoyed the contrasts in this dish.NIKU BERRY- Wagyu was slightly overcooked but the amazing enoki mushrooms more than made up for it!CHEFS CHOICE- Grilled barracuda with a salad of crispy potatoes, spinach, and chorizo with two sauces, so much texture AND a favorite fish prepared very well.GREENIES- This dessert is like fireworks for the end of your meal. Coffee soil and strawberry-mint ice cream are the new peanut butter and jelly, except a million times better. Add in the green tea twill, brownie, and semi-fredo, and cups of strawberry-white chocolate sauce in teacups and each bite is explosively different from the one before it. And I'm not even a dessert person!Easily a place I can see myself frequenting- so glad to find culinary gems like this in our world-class city! Check their website for special events, they sound amazing!
4	I don't know half the stuff my girlfriend orders when we try a "new" sushi restaurant, but this place has gone beyond my expectations. A must stop in LV for future visits and service is top notch.
4	Finally, after a couple of months of well-intentioned attempts, we made our way to Yonaka for a night of munching and imbibing.  We wanted to eat slow, drink slow, and make a relaxing night of this Friday evening.  So imagine our surprise when we enter the place, and it is a... restaurant.  Now, you could ask, why didn't I check Yelp to see if it was indeed an izakaya.  I typically do that, but for some reason I didn't bother to confirm.  Well, when every time you punch in "izakaya" on search and this place pops up at one of the very first ones...Anyway, it turns out the experience was worthwhile, so I'm not complaining too much.  If you take it for what it is - an upscale Japanese small dish RESTAURANT - it is quite a unique experience.  The restaurant is attractive - modern, grey-neutral tone, open space - with a large sushi bar area across the back.  The front host as well as all the staff are very pleasant and quite professional in appearance and demeanor.  They really make all the efforts to make this as upscale as it looks and costs, and succeed at it quite well.  Despite what it was not, our expectations rose a notch or two.We ordered the 8-course omakase, which was recommended by our server as appropriate for 2-3 people.  She was spot on, as we struggled to finish the complete package and left the very good dessert only half-empty.  At $106, the 8-course is quite a bargain.  Here is what we got: - Bowl of Pan-fried(?) brussell sprouts which had a great toasty-tangy taste to it, although it came with no accompaniments and was much too salty for that - Sake Orenji, which is sashimi slice of salmon and orange with clear sauce.  Delicious. - Hotategai & strawberry is big slices of scallops and strawberry.  Interesting flavor, but I think it would be hit or miss depending on your take on the combination.  I liked it, mainly because I love both ingredients. - Hamachi & grapefruit is the same theme as previous two with yellowtail & said fruit.  Again, depends on your taste but I liked it as well. We are starting to get full at this point, and then the heavy stuff starts coming - Pork Belly w/Kimchi is 6 THICK pieces of pork belly with side of lettuce-like kimchi.  Pork is sweet and kimchi is semi-spicy, and the combination goes well.  At this point we are really wishing for a side of rice to tame all the raw flavors. - Angus Beef w/Mushrooms was my least favorite, because there was a bit of fishiness to the beef.  The sauce and shroom mix made me wish the beef was better, because that was a great combo otherwise. - Flounder w/dried Chorizo and potatoes - We are completely full at this point and I wish I had the stomach for this, because it was really good.  Probably the best dish of the course. The 8th course is the dessert, which they mercifully waited a while to serve.  Still, we could only eat half of the combo of Green Tea Brownie, Strawberry Mint ice cream, and the vanilla ice cream.  The strawberry cream is quite unique, as the mint flavor is as if I was actually chewing on mint leaves.That plus a hot sake resulted in a $160 bill after tips, which is a relative bargain.  While the taste of each dish with the strange recipe was largely dependent on the diner's preferences, the presentation and quality was top notch.  Regardless of your personal preference, this place deserves a 4-star or more.  We need more places like this.Table-for-1 Factor:  They have a large bar so that might work, but the atmosphere is wholly for dates and good conversations for larger groups.  So I wouldn't recommend it.
5	This place is amazing as always! I can't ask for more it's just breath taking. The food was delicious and the service was great! I would definitely recommend this place to my family and friends
4	So imagine sushi has a kid brother that has a little more swag, but tries too hard in other situations.  This is exactly where Yonaka lies.  I was in town for a normal debaucherous/degenerate weekend trip in vegas and decided to venture off the strip to try out Yonaka.  It is definitely better if you have your own car (rented or driven from LA) but still worth a cab ride for some modern Japanese cuisine.Our group of 6 tried the large omakase (11 course) and the smaller omakase (8 course) and it was a unique roller coaster of dishes that constantly had us guessing the flavor profiles of sauces and the techniques of dishes.It was pretty cool.  Overall, there were many notes of citrus that were surprisingly well matched with the fish.  However, the fish itself could have been fresher.  Some of the presentation was nice and whimsical... others looked like a train wreck.  But the good at this place, definitely outweighs the bad.  So if you are a frequent Vegas visitor, it is definitely a nice breath of fresh air from the normal places on the strip.
5	This place never fails to surprise me. The food is amazingly great! Every time i visit and eat at yonaka they always provide a different cuisine. Which isn't bad in my opinion :)
5	I came back for happy hour, and let me assure you that my first stellar experience here was not a fluke: the staff are on their game, all the time, both servers and chefs.HH menu offers some treats that aren't available on their regular menu.Tried the BEET FRIES, which are somehow reminded me of sweet potato fries in that they are a root vegetable that is fried then somehow made sweet with sea salt flakes and a mayo sauce. It works, but it's not my thing.Followed up with the CHUKA BUNS, which were easily the largest buns I've ever had with thick, succulent slices of fatty, flavorful pork in a beautiful sauce topped with apple, jalapeno, and a relish that all complemented one another perfectly.Server recommended their MIDORI CEVICHE, with apple, avocado, tuna, and a Midori sauce that resembled a pesto- very light, seemed like it was missing a citrus element to truly be a ceviche, but I enjoyed eating this with yucca chips.CRISPY SPICY TUNA HANDROLL was tasty with a spicy mayo sauce and an explosion of fresh fish and nori flavor- perfect hint of sushi to tide me over because I couldn't justify getting the Fat Duck roll this visit.Lastly, we opted for a new dessert. The Greenies was an amazing flavor and texture adventure, and this time the Chocolate 10 Ways didn't disappoint either: highlights were the white chocolate tofu and some kind of chocolate dust that reminded me of the old-school Nestle Quik powder, except without the chemical aftertaste or weird foam at the top of my drink. Again, another dish that married various flavors and textures in a harmonious way, to great effect.Service, as always, was stellar. Sitting at the bar this visit allowed us to see various dishes being prepared, and it's crazy how familiar I am with the menu to be able to identify which dish each is after only two visits. You might say I'm obsessed.Still have to schedule another trip here for the famed Fat Duck roll and the 20-minute made-to-order Milk N Cookies dessert!
4	Awesome Sushi place.  Great decor and excellent service.
4	Really good stuff and pretty cool design!  Got the Omakase for 2 and it was yummy. I liked the cold plates and my girlfriend liked the hot plates.  I'm not a dessert person, but their dessert with called Greeny or something like that was delish!  Made a reservation but didn't really need it. Try it before it blows up.
4	I recently ate at Yonaka. Is a quaint little spot. I never really noticed it and I just wanted some sushi one day but I went inside and got more than sushi. The food was very exciting and I learn and love how the chef played with the textures and flavor profile. When I first came to Las Vegas I had a favorite sushi spot but Yonaka over shadowed my expectations of service, scenery & quality. Absolutely one of the best places I've dined in Vegas. Umami. I felt like the food made love to my taste buds. A little pricey but well worth it. Treat yourself don't beat yourself.
4	We came here specifically for Happy Hour (5:30 - 6:30 pm)Coconut Ceviche: This sounded promising but it was just coconut juice with bits of cut up fruit and a raw fish I didn't recognize.Hamachi Chile: Hamachi got overpowered by the sauce. It also has bits of ginger so if you're allergic, avoid.Buko Jam: This sounded really interesting because it has coconut pandan jelly on toast along with foi gras and egg. Very cute presentation, but the combination of tastes was a little odd.Lipa Roll: Shrimp Tempura with Spicy Tuna. Standard stuff.Negitoro: Nothing special about this.Tsutsumi: Pork belly with pork ears, and you mix a raw egg in it to cook in the stone pot. Cute presentation and it was fun mixing.Asian Bacon: This was really good! Yummy pork belly with a nice crisp. Like lechon.Shioyaki Saba: Good presentation, but a little dry.Crunchy Spicy Handroll: Generous portion but didn't seem like HH price at $5 per.Brussel Sprouts: This was roasted really well and a good filler for $5!Foi Gras Sushi: This was off HH menu at $9 per piece. SUPER rich.Greenies Dessert: All my stars go to this. Green tea semi-fredo ice cream, green tea cookie brownie, mint ice cream, coffee soil, candied almonds and you take a sip of the warm strawberry white chocolate milk after each bite. Amazing!!I would come back for the dessert and have it all to myself instead of sharing with 4 others ;)
5	Awesome service! Super friendly staff! Open late! AND super awesome food.  This place had a very cool, modern atmosphere and the food was no different.  We had a big group of about 10 of us so we decided to go with the tasting menu, and really - that's the way to go if you're with a big group or simply want to try the best items on the menu.We had a full course meal with tons of small plates to go around from salads, to sushi rolls, to foi gras, and yummy dessert after.  My favorite was this green tea pistachio ice cream at the end.  The presentation was beautiful, the servers friendly, and the food was great.  I highly recommend for a group dinner or date night as the ambiance is also romantic with dim lighting.
5	What else can I say that no one else has?Chocolate 10 ways! OK, some other folks have mentioned it but it is worth highlighting again. This is one of their signature dessert dishes that incorporates 10 different style of chocolates into one plate.The different ways: 3 chocolate sauces, marshmallow, ice cream, crumbles, wafers, and more! To put all the elements in one spoonful is impossible, but any variation of the elements are delicious. Other items that are noteworthy: Avocado Nigiri - lightly topped with zested citrus and a swipe of ponzu-like sauce Foie Gras Nigiri - all you California folks... it's worth the drive! ;)Brussel Sprouts - fried to greatness and tossed in a orangy sauce. Gotta round out dinner with some greens, right?!Go! You'll thank me..... you're welcome!
1	.
5	I am not one to right reviews. See how many I wrote. This is the best place I have been to with the guts to try something new in what is already an overcrowded industry. I enjoyed every meal, not just for the taste but the creative courage to try and bring you something new and fresh. Try the choice that gives you a tour of the chefs mind. The fried octopus was incredible. Like bringing the south to the east and then making it blend like that's how octopus been prepared for years. Man love it.  I also hate seeing reviews that just try to find a flaw for flaw sakes. The only flaw to this restaurant is that it's not copied every where else in town. Vegas restaurant goers and owners be bold like this place then Vegas won't be just a place where celebrity chefs come to roost but be challenged and grow. Love this place.
4	Service was very good! All waiters very nice and knowledgable about the food. My favorite was the aka miso gyu and meat candy! Softest pork belly I've ever had!
5	This place is not new I had bookmarked it awhile ago but with the business of life I kind of forgot about it but wow am I glad I re found it!I do not hand out 5 stars often but when I do I feel it is well deservedThis place is a high class Japanese Tapas.  My man suggested coming by for the late happy hour on a night we were out down town on the way home.  I pulled up to this not so easy to pull up to place.  Trust me if you have to do a turn around please and must do! You walk into a semi light modern designed room, welcomed warmly by the staff not yelled at from across the room.  The manager at some point came over and explained the menu and how it is changed sometimes daily.  The dishes are highly thought out and prepared with amazing technique.  I was so impressed and so happy with our food.We will defiantly be back!
5	I headed to Vegas on a weeknight for less than 24 hours to meet one of my oldest friends. I recommended we eat off the strip because I have been really into Izakaya style restaurants lately.Found this place on yelp and talked the boys into heading over there. It did not disappoint. In usual Mullet Man fashion we all were donning Mullet Headbands and I had my sweatsedo on. They welcomed us with open arms. our server was very attentive and she knew the menu by heart. Of all the dishes we had the Uni to Ikura dish was something I have never tasted before, it was unbelievable. One of the best things I have ever eaten.Other highlights included the ishiyaki Beef, salmon sashimi, Crispy Brussel Sprouts, Buta Shisito, Pokuyaki and the Meat Candy.The manager Jax was awesome, she was very friendly and was interacting with all the guests. I would highly recommend this place and I am already planning a trip back out just for dinner to eat at Yonaka
5	The meat candy is amazing! Slightly sweet, melts in your mouth. We did the 8 course tasting menu and everything was great. I didn't really like the berry sake mojito (too sweet), but the rest of the food was great.
5	Great food at reasonable prices. Not too far from hotels on the strip and definitely worth the drive to save some cash. Crispy brussel sprouts - tangy and yummyHamachi sashimi - perfect temperature, melts in your mouthMango cotta - so surprised at this one! I would never have ordered if the waiter hadn't suggested it. There was not a speck left on that plate.
4	Very good quality fish. Everything was good and when the bill came it was even better! For two we spent $82 with the omakase 12 oc with other dishes as well as dessert
5	Great value and some memorable dishes. Recommend the brussels sprouts and shioyake Saba and the choco 10 ways for dessert. Waygu beef roll was our least favorite.
3	Came here because of good Yelp reviews. Sake orenji 11 was excellent. Toro 20 was not from a good belly cut and had lots of "tendon", they replaced with better fish without tendon strings, but not worthy of toro. Yonaka coconut bluefin 14 was ok. Same with Hamachi midori 14.The quality of the fish should have been better than I expected from the reviews. The fusion style and price should demand higher quality of fish. I would rather have less fish for better cut of fish.
5	This place is amazing. Food was great, service was spot on and prices were very reasonable. Pork bell was fatty and that is a very good thing. Presentation was gorgeous.
3	Went there with my wife and mother.Recommend if you want a date place.  In a strip mall.  Decor is nice and the server was informed.  Service was touch and go.  Food was good, but small portions and high price seemed like we should have been on the Strip.
5	This is my favorite sushi place in Las Vegas. I haven't tried some of the "high end" sushi joints, but I'm scared of going into those places and perhaps paying $100-200 for my meal hahaI love Yonaka because the food is delicious! Just about every dish is made perfect! From flavor to presentation.The hana wings are amazing. Though it doesn't seem consistant. Sometimes I have to ask for the wings to be made with extra sauce.My favorite is the blue fin tuna belly. This alone I could give Yonaka 5 stars on. I have yet to find another place in vegas that has this cut of fish that yummy.The dessert is also a great presentation on the eyes. Also it's yummy.The hamachi kama used to be on the happy hour menu. It was amazingly huge for the price. I bet they took it off the menu because they realized how you could just order that and get full for the cheap price.There's a floral sake there, i thought it was pretty darn good.
5	Nice place! Very good customer service! As yelp reviews are pretty good we decided to have dinner here! We tried 3 dishes. Don't remember the names of the first 2 but were pretty good. The last one was Sake Orenji. It was absolutely delicious. Must try!
5	With its excellent service and delicious food, Yonaka is now my favorite Japanese restaurant in Vegas. Different from Raku and Yuzu, Yonaka provides Japanese fusion dishes to diners. While most Japanese fusion restaurants like Roka Akor in Chicago provide food on the salty end, Yonaka's dishes are on the sweet end. Fried Brussels Sprouts served in most restaurants tend to be very oily, but those in Yonaka are balanced by the citrus sweetness. It is refreshing that the shishito peppers are not overwhelmed by salt. Diners can opt for purely the peppers or the bunta peppers, which are thick bacon and peppers. My friend loved the chef's five-piece sushi sample - the fish was fresh and the sushi rice had good acidity. Although I am normally not a dessert fan, I enjoyed eating the green tea brownie dessert that was complemented with ice cream because it was not overtly sweet. Last but not least, I am impressed by the service at Yonaka. Our waiter was very knowledgeable of the menu and the food execution, while our server constantly ensures that our glasses are filled with water. The food was also served extremely efficiently. It would be great if Yonaka can slightly slow down the pace of serving the food to give diners time to clear their palate for the next dish. Albeit I normally prefer authentic Japanese restaurants to Japanese fusion restaurants, I rated Yonaka the best Japanese restaurant in Vegas because of its fresh ingredients, great execution of food and amazing service. As much as I enjoy eating in Raku and Yuzu, I am not a fan of the former's service and the latter's occasional subpar quality of ingredients. Yelpers, come to Yonaka!
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas! fusion Japanese food, both creative and delicious!!Ambiance: 4/5 not fancy but clean, modern, comfortable. nice enough for a dateService: 4/5 friendly, but can get a bit slow at times.Food: -crispy brussel sprouts: 5/5: DELICIOUS. crispy, crunchy, delicious goodness. though at times it can be a bit heavy on the lemon-karaage: 4/5: very good, but not exceptional-buta shisito: 5/5: awesome-crudo: 5/5-sake orenji: 4/5: this appears to be their signature dish. it's very good but not exatly mind blowing, especially compared to other dishes here. -hamachi crudo: 5/5-tea brined ribs: 5/5 amazing.-pokuaki: 5/5 also amazing-a sizzling hotpot meat on happy hour menu i can't remember the name of: 5/5 there were other dishes that I unfortunately cannot recall the names of. but EVERYTHING we had was at least 4/5 goodness.  What's also amazing is that when you come for happy hour, it's incredible value. I think for the quality of food, even the full price menu is a bargain. Come for happy hour and you won't regret it!
3	3.5 starsI had high expectations for Yonaka due to such high Yelp ratings, but the place did not deliver. The service & presentation is A+, but the food was just a-ok. The crispy brussel sprouts & sake orenji were good. I also liked the kurobuta pork belly, very tender with perfect crispiness. The other stuff was not bad, but not good either. Uni & scallops in the "uni to ikura" dish didn't taste particularly sweet. I think the biggest fail was the rice of the sushi (we got 5-piece omakase). It was cold & hard, which kind of ruined it cuz I thought the fish part of it was decent.Ambiance n presentation n service lived up to hype, but I care more about the actual taste & quality of the foooood.
5	Followed the Yelp reviews to a great Japanese meal in Vegas. The restaurant is located on the Westside near the corner of Flamingo and Decatur in a strip mall. The menu is large complicated and a bit confusing between Hot dishes, cold dishes, sushi dishes and sashimi dishes. We ordered the sashimi omakase and the chef's 8 course omakase along with one order of a Japanese Blackfish sashimi and there was plenty of food for three people. The best dishes were :Scallops with persimionsSashimi Salmon in a citrus sauceBrussle SproutsCilantro HamachiThe sushi was Baracuda and TunaThe grilled mackeral was just OkDessert was ice cream and a green tea cake.Service was good. The menu is a bit pricey by it self but the omakase are a decent value.
4	The sushi here was great. Very fresh fish. Tasty rolls. I would go back again and I am a very picky sushi eater
5	OK, Yonaka is my favorite restaurant in Vegas and I am a foodie, I live here.  Traveling around the United States, there are few restaurants that really stand out as my "death row meals."  First, what makes Yonaka great:Tradition - 3rd generation sushi chef, low reliance on American traditional B.S. (like soy sauce and wasabi), the pacing of the meal as it is in Japan, ingredients.Flavor Combinations - I could give Yonaka 5 stars just on tradition, and then six stars just on flavor combinations.  They break rules, they stick to rules.  They combine old favorites, they create new must-haves.  If they only had a dollar for every time they heard "I would never think to put _______ with ________ and then douse it with ________" Hot plates - Yellowtail collar - exceptional.  Ribs?  How did they get the ribs so perfect?  Barbecue spots must be jealous.  Amazing.  And the Hana Wings - the best wings in Vegas.  I am a Buffalo Bills fan - spent 2 years in upstate NY and will tell you these wings are as good as any in Vegas.  My two other faves are Steiners and Johnny Mac's in Henderson.  Dessert - No, seriously.  Let's be honest here.  No japanese restaurant really offers any worthwhile dessert options unless you love mochi or something super simple.  The elaborate yet playful cookies n milk combination is everything I have ever wished for in a dessert.  All in all, you can't beat Yonaka.  Lotus of Siam put Vegas on the map for exquisite Thai cuisine.  Yonaka continues what Raku started - exceptional Japanese food in Vegas.  Note to management: please raise prices.  Your restaurant is too inexpensive!
3	Food was very good. Service quite good.we were surprised by $25  corkage fee in an off strip location. So beware if you take your own wine.
5	Great food at reasonable prices in a city where everything is quite over priced. The sushi was fresh. Our server was excellent. I'll be visiting again if I'm in Vegas. Took a cab from the strip, and rode Uber back to our hotel.
2	I tried this place perhaps a month ago. I had been really excited as I love sushi/Japanese food, and the reviews sounded great. In their defense, my girlfriends and I made the mistake of meeting here for happy hour when they had a special event/tasting menu going on, and the entire place was booked out, so we sat at the bar. Service was a disaster at best. They were busy with the event, but they knew they were sold out and should have either brought in more staff or not had the bar area open for regular service.Our drinks took close to 20minutes. White wine was nearly room temperature and came in tiny, cheap looking glassware that is generally only found in cheesy local casinos and dingy downtown bars. Specialty drinks tasted watered down and reminiscent of Kool-aid. Service was spotty at best. It once took 20min to get the attention of an employee- even though we were sitting at the bar. Food didn't arrive for nearly an hour after that... and in haphazardly timed segments to boot. I could have forgiven the service in light of the event- if the food had been as fantastic as I had hoped. Sadly, it wasn't even good. We had a hamachi appetizer and some other raw fish plate. Both were cut thickly and tasted fishy. I forget what else we had (bad sign), I only remember that all of the starters seemed bland and thoughtless. Such a disappointment. I'm sure a lot of this had to do with the event- but food and beverage quality shouldn't have suffered as a result.
4	We ordered the eight course meal. It was really good. Fun to try something different. This place did not disappoint.
4	Based on the great reviews on Yelp, I decided to check out Yonaka.  We ordered the 8 course Omakase meal.  While most of the dishes were great, I really wish we just went off the menu.  Must say the desert was great .... and service was fast.  But what's up with the tea pouring?  I had tea all over the table and pouring down the side onto my clothing!
5	Great service. Really great food. Love their happy hour.
4	One of the best places to eat Asian food with a western twist.The size of the dishes is small so it you are looking for all you can eat Asian with sushi, then this is NOT the place.Prices are OK, about 30-35 per person...but very bite is spacial.
5	Traditional Japanese food with a twist of modern flavors. This was a phenomenal and fun dining experience.  Price is reasonable and our server was very professional when explaining all the flavors.Some of my favorite dishes:crispy brussel sprouts with lemon chile oil, mintbeef tongue with coffee balsamickaraage (fried chicken) with jalapeno, mint, basilyuca chips with hamachi and avocado (***must get!)And of course all the sushi/sashimi selection^Most of these have a nice touch of flavor or pairings with it.  For example, the uni (sea urchin) sushi i got had candied quinoa. Really cool concept. A+
2	Between all the raving reviews and the gorgeous pictures of the dishes I was super stoked to try this place. Sushi is my go to favorite and within that my expectations are simple. I want fresh, quality fish. While decor, service and unique menu items score points in my book, at the end of the day I go out for Japanese food mainly for the fish and am not shy above indulging in massive quantities of sashimi. Perhaps the modern twist was too much for my palate, or we caught them on a bad day.. The root cause doesn't matter, the bottom line is this is not my kind of Japanese restaurant.To the establishments credit, the decor is solid and staff super friend. Seriously 5 - 6 staff members stopped by to ask how we liked our food / the restaurant.  Good try.  There in however lies the double edge sword of customer service. Asking is only the first step. We found the staff friendly, but not knowledgable about the menu nor really sure how to handle it when we weren't so keen on what we ordered.  If you're more into hot plates with fried food and pork belly you'll have lots of options.  Clean sashimi and rolls, not so much.Back to Soho for us.
5	Awesome dinner. Chose the prefixe 8 course meal for two and it was delicious. The meals came on time right after each other. The server was very knowledgeable with every dish and explaining what ingredients and what the chef did. Pricing was also very reasonable. The prefixe menu was also just the right amount of food.
3	We were deeply disappointed by the sushi and miso soup. We don't understand why this place has so high ratings on the Yelp. The food doesn't match up.
3	Needed a last minute dinner place, so we decided to check this place out thanks to yelp. It's a fusion Japanese restaurant with modern decor. We were greeted and quickly seated since we had reservations. The menu was pretty expansive, but the waitress did a good job explaining how this is fusion cuisine and recommended the 8 course omakase for 2 ppl for $99 total. We were told that the omakase would be the signature dishes of the restaurant. Here's what we had in the omakase:- CRISPY BRUSSEL SPROUTS- SAKE ORENJI - best thing of the night- SHIOYAKI SABA - most disappointing of the night- ISHIYAKI- 4 pieces of sushi- Tuna/cucumber/jalepano crudo- Another cold dish with fish, avocado, mint, and yuca chipGREENIES - dessertNow as I think about it and typing out what we ate and comparing with the menu and prices...I think we coulda had all of those dishes for cheaper than $99...hmm..taking off a star.
5	Excellent service and desserts. My girlfriend and I were celebrating our anniversary there and they went out of their way to give us an additional dessert cake which was much appreciated. In general, the food wasn't bad, but nothing outstanding. Servers were attentive and polite.
5	This place was amazing! I can't wait to go back! Great staff, and amazing food. We did the tasting menu for two and it was so worth it. The salmon cold plate was delicious and very flavorful. The scallop cold plate was to die for! The pork belly was the best I've had! Very impressed! Highly recommend! The dessert was excellent too! Green tea and strawberry flavors...
5	Food - very deliciousHighlight: sake orenji, wagyu and tuna belly sushiService - everyone was nice and have knowledge about the food being servedIt's worth the trip off the strip
5	Another restaurant that I stumbled on while I was vacationing in Vegas. We ordered the omakase with a bottle of of one of my favorite sakes (MU). Mu is smooth and floral and I can literally drink this like juice. Keep in mind that the omakase here is more of a fushion style izakaya with both cold and hot plates/dishes. I loved the omakase because we got to try a bit of everything. You would think that sushi and Japanese dishes are rather simple but it's amazing to me how the artistry, palette, and style of these dishes rather contrast remarkably on the same type of dish depending on the chef's perception. The previous day, I had dined at Raku and Raku was decadence and rich with creamy, savory, and buttery flavors. Yonaka's was a stark contrast but in a good way as well. They like to infuse lots of fruits and citrus flavors into the dishes here. It was refreshing and light and unbelievably delicious. Some notable dishes were the sake orenji wich is salmon with yuzu and slices of orange and orange oil. This dish really astounded my taste buds. It was so crazy good. I literally died a little right there. Other notable dishes included the pork belly with pickled appled kimchisand also a cold sashimi dish with mint and avocados. CONS: I was playing nice today by giving them a five star but their service was definetly not 5star worthy. I'll forgive them this time but it better not happen again when I come back.First off each dish took forever to come out. Secondly, our server spilled a glass of our (EXPENSIVE) sake. Didn't even bother to give us service or give us some kind of refund.
5	Possibly the best Japanese food I've ever eaten. We had the omakase tasting menu; every dish was beautifully presented, fresh and delicious. If we lived in LV I would eat here every week.
