5	I've known about this place for ages, but I've never really had enough money in my pocket to go (not that it's expensive at all). Plus, I just assume that my back will always be a bit messed up. Because I store all my stress in my shoulders. And I'm a stresshead. So I just figured that it was pointless. But I finally caved and went and it was good. Firstly, you don't just get a massage there. You also get aromatherapy. Which is why, Alex, the masseur, informed me, you have to know what you're going there for. And if you can, you should go regularly. It's more a kind of therapy than just a pure massage (and no, I'm not talking chasis-longues and Austrian men with mustaches). It was one helluvan intense experience for me, as I've never had a proper massage. But, oh my, it felt good. For my aromatherapy, I got a mixture of rosewood, lemon, black pepper and something else I can't recall, to both soothe me and stimulate me. Essentially, for stress, as I've been working like a madwoman. I was left kinda zonked out by the end of it and was told firmly by Alex to watch my posture (tut tut), but it was a really good experience. Definitely go. I doubt you'll get a better experience anywhere else for such a good price. By the by, here are the prices: 5 for 10 minutes, 10 for 20, 15 for 30 and 18 for 40.
1	Absolutely awful. I chose the Massage Corner based on the (one) stellar review, its great location, cute space and affordability. Unfortunately, they have absolutely no professionalism or reliability to back it up.I made a reservation for the boy as a birthday present on the day prior. There was one massage therapist meant to be in that day, and she was doing Thai yoga massage. When we actually showed up (about five minutes late, but I'd called in advance to warn them) the massage therapist was nowhere to be found, even though she'd just had a session finish a half hour earlier. I had to dash to another event, so I left the boy in their presumably capable hands. An hour later, he texted me to tell me that he was done, and instead of the hour I'd booked, they "only had time for a half hour".So let me make this clear. I booked an hour-long Thai yoga massage. What I (well, the boy) actually got was a half hour-long aromatherapy massage. They refunded him part of the payment, but as it was meant to be his birthday present I was incredibly upset and disappointed with their lack of organization and follow-through. Book at the Massage Corner at your own risk - you never know what you might (or might not) get.EDIT: Alex, the owner, contacted me after the fact with an explanation, a very kind apology and a generous offer to come back for a complimentary massage! I am no longer in Edinburgh, and sadly can't take advantage of the offer, but it was so lovely of him to take responsibility and try to make it up to us. Hugely appreciated.
5	Alex's aromatherapy massages were one of the main highlights of my time in Edinburgh.  He is pleasant, knowledgeable, responsive, gives a thorough consultation before each session (even repeat visits), and it's affordable.  Cozy, friendly location.  Wish I were still there, it'd be at least a monthly treat.
5	I've had a couple of aromatherapy massages from Alex at The Massage Corner and they were both excellent, relieving tension and helping with relaxation and sleep.  I've found him flexible and he charges extremely reasonable rates.  My girlfriend and I also attended one of his 'Introduction To Aromatherapy Massage' (I might have the name wrong) evenings, and learned more about the oils, and some basic massage technique with them.  Of course we've forgotten 90% of it, but it was an interesting and lovely evening!
