3	Usually this place is OK. Don't try to ask any questions, there won't be any meaningful answers. Food is Great. My favorite thing is the diversity of options compared to other mexican places. This location usually is filled with business casual people. And, is completely packed at lunchNow do not get the Tortilla soup to go. it is $3, comes in an small cup, and leaves the worst taste in your mouth. Stick with the burritos.
3	I enjoy the food here. Straightforward concept like Chipotle and the like. I am a big fan of the nachos here. The three cheese sauce is delicious and has a little spice. I enjoy the salsa here, always seemed fresher than competitors. The burritos are pretty standard, and always consistent. My only real concern is that on veggie nachos or veggie burritos you have to pay more for fajita veggies or rice (only on nachos). Seriously? I am already not getting meat, which means that it is already cheaper to make. Other than that, this place will stay on rotation. This Qdoba is always very clean, not really too busy, and the service is typically pretty decent.
4	We used to go to the now-closed location at D.I./Durango alot (before Chipotle was here- the cashier said that that location was closed due to numerous robberies). We came here recently, a couple weekends ago. It was for lunch on a saturday- nice day so we just barely got a table outside. Inside was big/spacious, clean and not too many people eating inside either. The food containers were full. There were several people working there. (No drive-through window.) There was yummy seasoned smelling chicken on the grill which reminded me of El Pollo Loco. They make it right there in front of you- to your liking (beans, salsa, etc.), like Chipotle and Zaba's. Simple menu  (like Chipotle, and prices were around the same too, average price $6-) but no take-out menus available. My husband had the burrito and I had the hard corn tacos (you could get soft flour tacos). I think the cost was around $16 (regular price) for the both of us but we had an Entertainment Book coupon so it was half that! It was very good- as good as I remember, a few years back. The flavor of the seasoned chicken was really good. The crunchiness of the corn tacos was fulfilling. I had corn, lettuce, cheese and salsa. Notice I keep making references to Chipotle. I just love Chipotle (been there 3x in a month's time) so it easily edges out Qdoba Mexican Grill; the concepts are similar but not exactly the same, but it still gets high marks.
3	If you like Chipotle, this is Chipotle. The only thing that separates itself from Chipotle is that "queso" (cheese with peppers in it) they offered to put in the burrito. Other than that it's the same exact thing. They just re-labeled a Chipotle. The food is fake mexican like Chipotle, but served by clueless non-english speaking servers. Know what you want, say it loud, and be prepared to point. Don't make special requests. You'll ruin someone's day.
3	I ordered the Nachos, they were pretty good.  I like the queso cheese on the Nachos, and the chicken is good.  I also like the portions.  For me, the chips are a little to salty, but I don't eat a lot of salt in general anyways.  The service was pretty fast and mostly friendly.  Me and a friend ordered together and specifically asked for 2 drinks.  She gave us 1 cup and when we told her again we needed 2, she said "I only charged you for 1" in a somewhat snotty attitude.  WTF, I don't care, charge me and give me another cup.  Other than that everything else was fine.
1	WTF. The burrito was tiny, the tortilla was gummy and it was ALL rice with all the salsa and sour cream only on one side. Awful doesn't even describe it.
1	Terrible food. The cheapest nastiest tortillas I've ever had. And how hard is it to roll a burrito that doesn't just fall apart? Hate.
3	I really like Qdoba Grill. For those who have not been to Qdoba before, the concept is similar to Chipotle. Burritos, Salads, Quesadillas, Tacos, Nachos. Select your item, pick a meat, select from an "assembly line" of ingredients. The ingredients are flavorful and fresh and I've never been disappointed with a meal from here. Great for a quick lunch or dinner. My favorites are:Naked Burrito - just means it comes in a bowl without the tortillaQueso Burrito - perfect medicine for a hangoverGrilled Chicken Taco Salad - sans the crunchy tortilla bowlFavorite ingredients are:Blackbeans - protein rich goodnessCorn SalsaPico de Gallo - fat free low cal volumeThis particular location is ok. I've been to a few other locations and the staff is more friendly and "giving" on the portions, but overall this is a good location. Typically I come here for lunch so realistically the portions they are providing for LUNCH are sufficient.
4	Qdoba is right up the street from where I work, and my coworker is a big fan, so we eat there ever few weeks. I have only had one thing, the naked burrito. Naked simply means no tortilla, so no extra carbs, and you are cutting 330 calories! All the goodies go into a bowl instead. You get to pick chicken, steak (both of which are good) and I think they have pork as well, but I have never tried it. Then black or brown beans (I always go with the black). Then you can pile on the rice, veggies, cheese, sour cream, guacamole and multiple different kinds of salsas. The corn salsa  is my favorite, but last visit they had a mango salsa that was excellent. I really hope it is not seasonal bit I bet it is.  Service has always been great when I have gone, and I have never experienced the employees skimping on things like other reviewers have mentioned. Then again this is the only location I have tried, so perhaps I just don't know what I am supposed to be getting? I am always happy after eating lunch from Qdoba though, so I am a fan.
5	Best mexican fast food! Very yum Mexican Gumbo (vegetarian).
4	For above fast food mexican food, cant be beat. cheap prices. good quality of food. great taste. I really like the 3-cheese burrito or 3-cheese nachos. Having the choice between black and brown beans is also very good in my opinion. Location is very convenient for me being near my house. And I would absolutely put Qdoba up there with Chipotle quality of food.
4	Qdoba Who?Funniest thing happened, as I walked into a Qdoba I felt like i walked into a chipotle. Yes, same thing. Except that I had no idea what Qdoba means, (and I'm Mexican) but it looks more like a middle eastern word.  The concept at Qdoba:  All the ingredients are laid out in front of you. You pick  from burrito to tacos or just a bowl or naked burrito, you pick your protein, steak, chicken or pork and last you pick all your toppings and you have a meal. A very good  Quality meal for a very good price, fast! I really like the location there is plenty of parking  and right across from my favorite star bucks. The place is clean and the service is also great. Great for quick lunch or a nice casual dinner with friends.  Some "useful," information. The word Qdoba has no meaning, it was created by Qdoba marketing because two previous names they used were already being used by someone else. "funny" so they decided to come up with a unique name and they ended up with Qdoba."cool"
3	So I was always wondering what kind of food Qdoba was. Little did I know what that it was similar to other places I have ate at. The concept is the same as a Chipotle or Cafe Rio. You tell the first person you see what you want and they prepare what you want on your burrito, taco, salad, etc. The food is good, but it is not worth the price. Chipotle is virtually the same price and the same food. If you want convenience, go to the closer one to you because it is virtually the same.
3	Eating at Qdoba reminds me of eating at Chipotle' except a little more on the mexican side. I mostly eat there on longer lunch breaks because I'm never sure how big the crowd is gonna be. Another major factor is that Qdoba's manager comes by my work (a block away) and drops off 2 for 1 coupons, which really is a no brainer. I like how all the ingredients are laid out in front of you, the workers are pretty efficient and quick to choice selection as well. I prefer the soft Burritos with Carne' Asada and corn, some black beans, Guac and Sour Cream for a super filling meal.At the same time, I can't see dropping $8 on lunch when I can get a massive mondo Carne Asada Burrito right down the street at Roberto's. But, the place is clean, The bathrooms are usually spotless, and it's usually busy at lunch time. It's twice the distance (2 blocks) from my work which deters me sometimes, and though I like Qdoba, I usually can't find a spot close to it to park with my limited time due to gym crowd and workers parked in the parking lot. I enjoy this place and will come back every so often. I don't believe they deserved quite 4 stars, maybe about 3.5.Cheers!~MikeB
3	I am indifferent to the food here. The salsas are kinda' bland but you can tell that the meat is lean and not fatty. Whenever this is the only restaurant in sight, I always drive around for a bit to see if I have another choice before settling .
5	Needed taco fixin's for a last minute office lunch party.  Not being a party planner, I was advised to use QDoba's.  Called and spoke with Rebecca, who could not have been nicer or more accommodating. She helped me figure out what I needed...and got it to us at the agreed upon time.  The ingredients were fresh and well prepared.  I would highly recommend, and will most likely use again, although we don't have many office parties.  Thank you Rebecca!
4	What I typically think about Qdoba is that it's just like Chipotle just not as good. I was in the mood for a burrito bowl and Qdoba was much closer than Chipotle so I thought I'd give them a chance. Pretty much all the same options as Chipotle. They offer brown rice as well, but I decided on white. Service was quick and satisfactory. Nothing amazing or noteworthy but it sufficed and I was in and out in less than five minutes. I took my meal home to eat and it was tasty and relatively healthy, depending on what you choose to eat. Overall the experience was a 3 1/2 star, but I rounded up for convenience sake. I have to remember that it's in the area, which I always seem to forget.
4	I am a big fan of Qdoba. I have been since I was in college in Reno and a Qdoba opened up not too far from my apartment. This place was awash with kids from the University all the time. Mainly because it was the first place of its kind to open up in Reno. No one had really experienced this type of fast-food movement before. Reno had Qdoba before it had Chipotle.Overall I like both Chipotle and Qdoba. There are a few subtle differences, but for the most part is the same style, same food, same way of doing things.The one thing I enjoy different about Qdoba is the their Queso Burrito, which Chipotle does not have. Basically you get a burrito (or anything I guess) and you can have queso dumped on it. Thus making your somewhat "healthy" meal completely and utterly unhealthy (add sour cream for extra fatness, yay!).This particular location is in a very busy shopping center. Parking is quite limited. The restaurant itself is also on the small side. But, I've never waited long for the food and the employees for the most part are quick and cordial. I would give 5 stars, but since being introduced to Chipotle I think I like the Chipotle style just slightly better than Qdoba, unless of course I want queso. Well, then the choice is clear.
4	First time at this location.  Went in at lunchtime.  Only one server/cashier working but she did a great job moving us thru.  There were at least 6 people in line.  Had a naked chicken burrito with queso and no rice.  Excellent.
4	I don't go to a lot of fast food places, but this is one I have been to way too many times :)I really like the food here. I almost always go with the "Naked Burrito", or a bowl that you can pick and choose what to add to. It comes with white or brown rice. Black or pinto beans. A selection of types of meat (chicken, beef, pork (or veggie)), and a choice of salsas, sour cream and lettuce. You can also add quesa (cheese) sauce. It's good, but not very healthy, I believe :) You can also add grilled peppers and red onion. To be honest I think all of it is good! After having tried all the meats I would definitely pick the chicken, but that could just be me loving chicken a bit too much.They do of course have a lot of other things to chose from, but the bowl is the best option!
4	Qdoba is a hidden gem for those of you that have been hiding under a rock or never heard of it. The concept of Qdoba is similar to Chipotle and Zaba (healthy Mexican food). They have quesadillas, burritos, taco salads, tacos, and some of the best nachos with toppings that you can buy. The queso dip is incredible as well. You are able to pick your meat of choice as well as the toppings to go along with it. Very simple. The naked burrito is by far one of my favorite things on the menu when I want to eat healthy. You order what you want and they put it in a bowl for you. The staff are always very friendly and the place is always extremely clean. Enjoy
5	Food is good and service is excellent.  Came here after the gym and the guys were friendly and built me a custom meal per my request (since im on a lean down diet).  The meal really hit the spot.. Definitely be back here again!!
1	Worst Mexican food I have ever had ! Tortillas were cold and un cooked ! Over priced !!!
1	I use to come here alot , till I ask for a request and the employees acts like they never done it before.  I asked the cook  if he can cook it for me, all his response is I don't know how.  Do the manager asked what I need I told him,  his response was so rude.  And he asked me who done it for me to give  the person's name so he can fire that person. I said no I'm not gonna give the name.  So I just walk away, I'm never going to that place again.
1	I grew up in Denver! (Where Qdoba and Chipotle started) & This location is by far the worst one I have visited, I have been to this location many times. And my luck its get worst every time I go. Im am not the one to be a bad one to review a place but the people that work here are not happy. Sad cause cause if you visit most they are welcoming and are happy to help.
4	I don't care what anyone says, Qdoba is the shizzzz! From the lemon zesty rice, to the delicious diablo queso sauce, to the flavorful guacamole, everything is done right! The service is always friendly, quick and on point. 10 times better than Chipotle.
1	Their catering service is absolutely horrible.  If you don't want to be embarrassed with colleagues, do not ask this company to cater.  You want to stay professional, Qdoba is far from it.  EVERYTHING went wrong from A to Z.  Delivery was never made since the driver was an hour late.  People had to leave and get back to work.  HORRIBLE!  Absolutely embarrasing.
1	Keep returning to this joint for the same problems repeatedly..poor customer service..unlike the Mexican employees @ Robertos.they must be very unhappy with their jobs. Very poor cust.serv.worst cold and Luke - warm food----ok went in @ 12:45 noon. Why in the heck would an establishment be totally empty at Lunch time????? counter girl acknowledged me but didn't speak english. asked her for the 3 taco dinner. she turned and asked 2 employess that were standing very close together chopping food or vegetables, she said in Spanish ":Do we have any ground beef ? 3x, finally one guy brings over a lil bowl of very old cold ground beef, the stingy heffer scoops up 1 lil teaspoon per taco shell. I get home "no fucking meat! wheres the beef??? this is why you don't have frigging customers at lunch time.... Close down and go out of business please....another waste of $12.00.......
1	Food meh. Customer service terrible. I got a vegetarian salad, and asked for the guacamole in the side. The line worker told me she would have to charge me extra for that. I explained her I got a vegetarian, and it comes with guacamole. I just wanted on the side. She insisted on charging me extra. Terrible attitude. High expectations, let down.
3	Qdoba is like Chipotle, which is like Zaba's, which is like Cafe Rio. So if you have been to any one of the above mentioned, you know what it's all about. You pick your base, a burrito, tacos, nachos, or a burrito bowl. Then your meats and then your toppings. Qdoba has a few different things that the competitors do not. The first thing is queso. Hot cheesy dip that you can get on top of your burrito or on the side with tortilla chips. I got it on the side with chips and it was actually pretty tasty. The second thing is Mexican gumbo. Basically they take tortilla soup and throw in whatever meat and toppings you like. I havent tried this yet, but it does peak my interest, so I will be trying that within the next month as the weather gets colder. The prices are about the same, if not a little higher than other places. I got the burrito bowl, chips and queso and a drink for around $15. They have the freestyle coke machine which I love so bonus points for that.
1	I had a not so great experience here last time and I'll probably never come back. First I asked for a steak quesadilla and the lady started making me a chicken one. I said "sorry but I asked for steak not chicken" and she gave me the dirtiest look. Hey it's not my fault she misheard me. Second, the cheese wasn't even all the way melted and the quesadilla wasn't cut properly so when I went to grab a piece, the whole thing ripped. It felt like they just half assed the whole thing. Lastly, I really don't enjoy the flavor of the meat, whatever it is marinated in is not good. Plus, why are the prices so damn high? For a quesadilla and a drink it's $14! This was my second and last visit to this place.
