5	I found Dr D a few years ago and he has helped me tremendously with various running injuries, in addition to keeping my spine functioning properly so that I can function optimally!
5	I was getting migraines on a weekly basis and had tried everything to "cure" them myself. I heard about Dr. D through a friend of mine and decided to go pay him a visit...and I couldn't be happier with my decision. Nice, clean office, very professional staff, and the best thing...my migraines are completely gone. Dr. D is very knowledgeable, friendly, and professional. I would HIGHLY recommend this chiropractic office to anyone looking for a chiropractor...not to mention they have an amazing massage therapist with a great deal on their massages. 5 stars!!
4	I got a groupon for their sauna and jade table massage. So far I've tried their infrared sauna and I will try the massage table this week.The sauna is just GREAT! I've used it 2 times and the 30-40 mins you are in are more than enough to sweat all those toxins. They provide towel and a bottle of water and because it is a single person cabin, you can turn the light off if you want. The missing star...a shower for a quick refresh would be awesome!
3	I wished I had known the massage alone was $55.. the groupon deal was a waste of money for me and I was a little disappointed... The jade bed is impossible to relax in while 5 people walk around and talk around you. Then I sat in the infrared sauna while it heated up for 10 minutes (equivalent to just sitting in your car during March) because they forgot to turn it on.  So, a bit annoyed, I just went home early. The massage was terrific though, I would give her 5*'s if the other factors weren't involved.. I also wish I could remember her name :( I was tempted to ask for my extra $20 back, so I could go relax at the bar at Frasher's! Agghh
4	First time visit. I highly recommend Erin for massage. She did wonderful job on my lower back problem. I also tried out Jade table massager and sauna. Great prices with Homerun deal. Would definately return.
5	I am a massage therapist of 11 years and very picky about massages.  Had injured myself day before I had the appointment so timing was perfect.  It's a little noisy when you're on the jade bed if someone is in the front office, but the jade bed is awesome.  I didn't notice any noises when I was getting a massage because I don't have issues with being able to focus on the present and tune other distractions out.  Dr. D was able to get me in to see him for ART and an adjustment after my massage and I felt great afterwards.  In fact I signed up for their great monthly deal.  Couldn't be happier with this place even if I don't like to drive 10 miles to south scottsdale!
5	The Healing joint is a fantastic facility for both chiropractic and wellness needs. Dr. D is wonderful. He is a true healer who is there to help you get better. His vast knowledge and kindness  truly makes him fantastic at what he does. Both my husband and I have gone to him for treatment and he has helped us both with our issues. I had a knee injury from running and because of Dr. D my knee feels great and I am running again with no problems.                                                                                     My husband and I also take advantage of the great monthly deal that is offered. The Jade bed and sauna are wonderful and so relaxing and the 60 minute massage is amazing. All of the massage therapists that I have had are great and very professional and knowledgeable.                                                                                                  The Healing Joint is truly a wonderful place. The friendly and knowledgeable staff gives the place a wonderful sense of community and comfort.  I look forward to my time there and highly recommend this place for your wellness journey.
5	Jessica was AMAZING!! I went in because my calves were seriously destroyed by me working out and not stretching properly. They were so inflamed that I could barely walk. I asked for a 1.5 hour deep tissue. She spent more than half the session on my calves and legs. Thank goodness she did! They needed it. When i got off the table I was able to walk with nearly zero pain! I was truly shocked and thankful! I will very much recommend her to everyone.
5	This place is great! Dr. D always does an excellent job and offers great advice. I always recommend the Healing Joint when someone is looking for a good chiropractor!
4	I had a groupon for a massage and it was a great massage. I needed special work on my IT bands and my glutes and the masseuse was terrific. She applied the right amount of pressure to release those areas of tightness. The whole experience was very good.
5	Kara was absolutely fantastic! I've had tons of massages in my life but hers was most definitely in my top 5! The receptionist Sarah was very helpful and kind on the phone and in person. She was able to put me in the same day I called and was sweet and professional. Kara greeted me with a smile and a warm handshake. The massage room was beautiful. A candle, soft light, relaxing piano music(best music I've had yet), and a very comfortable temperature. Kara has warm hands and just the right amount of touch. She did a mixture of Swedish and deep tissue. She was so nice and a delight to be around. I'm a hairdresser and have many problem areas but by the time my massage was over I felt like a new woman. I'm so thankful I found this place via groupon:) I can't wait to go back! Thank you Kara!
5	I have been here and i feel great after leaving ... the dr is great i would definately recommend this place .
5	LOVE this place. Your money goes to technical expertise and quality work, instead of decorative frills and prime location rent. Elizabeth worked a kink out for me that I'd had for a month. Definitely making this a more than monthly routine.
5	I have been here 3 times now for a massage and am very happy with the results...I have deep tissue issues with my right arm and shoulder and all the massage therapists know exactly what to do to relieve my pain....would recommend them anytime...great quality and value.
4	I've had two deep tissue massages here and both were very good to excellent.The atmosphere and professionalism was excellent. My therapist was excellent, but didn't quite have the vigor and strength to grant 5 stars.I would definitely return for I also think they are terrific people, Chiropractor included.\Thank you
5	This is place is fantastic! I bought a groupon, and typically don't stick to a place after using a groupon. But I am going back to see Elizabeth this week, because she was absolutely amazing! I found my go to massage place!
3	I wouldn't go here again. I used my Groupon and when I got there a deep tissue was $10 more, being that I'm at athlete I wanted a better massage so I paid for it.  Once in the massage the lady hardly touched me. She kept stopping throughout the massage and I couldn't figure out why she would stop, move around a little and then start again. It was very disappointing and a waste of $50.
