4	Finally another downtown option!  I tried this place when they had a soft opening and we're giving away free slices a couple months back.  They have officially opened!  I got one of the lunch specials, two slices and a drink for $5.50.  They have a pretty extensive menu with subs, pasta, salads, wings, fries, etc.  Prices seem reasonable and they deliver if you happen to work downtown as I do.  They were extremely busy since they just opened but my order was ready fairly quickly.  They have some inside seating and a couple tables outside.
4	New York style pizza! Located right across the courthouse, great location, lots of foot traffic for this place.  Met the owner, he was working the ovens, nice guy, driven and ambitious.  The pizza was exactly what you expect from a NY style pizza; large and meaty!
5	This is the best pizza and deli in town!
5	If you like New York style pizza this place is a hidden gem in Downtown...Located across from the court house on Lewis & Casino Center, they are one of the best I have found in town.They are open Monday through Friday only from 7am to 6pm, but if you can make it downtown during the week, this is a place to check out.  Parking is a bit of a challenge as there is no free public parking lot, but I tell you it is worth the trip.They have lunch special's which run daily until 4pm which means 2 large cheese slices with a drink is only $5.50 until 4pm.Everyone I have talked to during my visit today has told me everything they have is excellent.  You won't find a bad item on the menu and Anthony is a very cool person to hang and chat with.  I highly recommend this place, you won't be disappointed...
5	New pizza place downtown, and it's great.  New York style pizza with a good menu of pasta and sandwiches.  I get two slices with sausage and a Coke for under $7.  I've worked downtown for a long time and have been waiting for a place like this.  Say hi to Anthony working the oven, he's a great guy and works hard to get you a great meal.
4	The best pie I've had in Las Vegas!The crust was perfectly crisp on the bottom, and had a great chew.  The sauce was not too sweet, nor too tangy, and the cheese was off the hook!I should have asked Anthony where he got his pepperoni from as I would definitely change brands for my home made pies.$29.00 for a 16" pie and 4 drinks...4 people fed for that price in Vegas?  Super deal!Anthony is a great guy.  Super friendly, and works the crowd between pies. Free advice:  Hit 'em up before or after lunch.  Yes it gets that busy.
5	The best Sicilian pizza I ever ate! The mozzarella, sauce and dough are so much like NYC. Awesome for the picky pizza eater. Can't wait to try the regular pie.
1	Map "pin" isn't right, the address is at Casino Center and LEWIS. Plus when we got there it was CLOSED. As in, looks like closed for good. Dang
5	Their entire menu is amazing. I haven't tried anything that wasn't amazing. The only down side is that it is pricely for lunch but everything is made fresh. The owner works there everyday and takes pride in the business.
5	Best ny pizza white pizza is to die for. When you walk in the smell takes you back to new york real pizza . Draw back not open on weekends for us downtowners.
5	Anthony's Pizza is New York style and delicious.  I am also a big fan of their chicken parm sub, modified with some wing sauce:)I wrote this review because I wanted to share a story about their customer service.  They delivered the wrong order to me today, and before I could call them to complain, they delivered my correct order.  Well played Anthony's!
5	I don't really like pizza but I LOVE THIS PIZZA!!!!Anthony's started off on the right foot by giving out free slices of pizza, or a whole pie if you were taking it back to the co-workers.  It only got better from there...Delicious pizza, great fresh toppings, and a quick lunch option downtown!  The french fries are excellent.  There's too much chicken to eat when you order chicken strips.  The lasagna is yummy and the salads look great!The staff is wonderful, they remember you and your order and the service is always quick even when they're busy.  If you work downtwon the trick is to call in your order and pick it up about 10 minutes later.  They'll let you skip to the front of the line to pay and your pizza will be waiting when you walk in the door.  My personal favorite = sliced meatballs + onions.  The pizza itself if the perfect balance of excellent cheese and sauce  that isn't too sweet.  The meatballs are better than regular sausage because they're perfectly seasoned and don't fall off your pizza :)
5	The ANYP&DIf your on a diet smh you will murder your diet here! OMG good pizza! Great Pizza the best Pizza oh yeah! Sometimes I get a lil angry when my husband points out places such as this because he knows I'm on a diet. Ok so I'm weak. I ate it and yes as I put  my left hand on the bible and put up my right hand. I swear this pizza is so OMG good. Sad to say should u go here you may catch me eating pizza here :(
3	This place has great food, but it's a bit pricey for lunch, in my opinion and there is usually a long wait to get your food. The Pizza is always fresh and delicious and the salads are a good sized portion and the sandwiches always look great. The wait isn't really their fault because they're always so busy, but I $14 for a salad and a drink is a bit on the expensive side. I think it's because they charge $5 to add chicken. I'll eat there again, but probably just stick with a slice rather than try to be healthy, haha.
5	We had our weekly cheat at this restaurant last week. We live in North Las Vegas and read the yelp reviews and hoped it would be half as good as they wrote. That said, this was THE best We've ever had, anywhere!! North Las Vegas is not a destination spot for great food, so you got to drive! This will be our go to pizza place from here on out...we are spoiled by Anthonys! And it's even better the next day!
5	I LOVE this place! I work right around the corner, so I love ordering from them! I usually always get the caprese salad with extra bread, which is YUMMY, but make sure you've got some minty gum...it's drenched in garlic, which I love! Today, I ordered the greek salad and a cannoli. I loved the salad. This was the first time I've had a cannoli, so I don't have anything to compare that to, but I really enjoyed it. :) Definitely a place to order from!
5	Meatball sub special is my go to but everything I've had is great! Nice staff and clean.
5	I am a fan of Anthony's. When I eat lunch here, I usually get the spaghetti lunch combo. It's pretty simple, but always really good. I've also had the chicken strips and the chicken Parmesan sandwich, both of which were great as well. Lately, I've been coming mostly for breakfast. I had an omelet with spinach once that was a little on the watery side for my taste, like they hadn't drained/squeezed the spinach well enough maybe. But most of the time, I get the two eggs and potatoes, sometimes with bacon. The potatoes are cooked on the flattop with onions and green peppers. Quite good.
2	food is okay.. but i just called to sub fries for a salad. im on a low car diet! and they said THEY DONT DO THAT.  For a repeat customer, I'm sorry Anthony, thats just not acceptable.
5	I work at a law firm downtown, so my coworker Lucy and I are regular customers. We stop by Anthonys at least once or twice a week and order chicken fingers and fries or the cheese slices. The employees are always happy and eager to help. Anthony is also always super friendly. The food is DELICIOUS and prepared in a timely manner. I love Anthonys and will continue to be a loyal customer.
1	I was so disappointed in my order from them today.   Ordered the pizza special with Canadian bacon and pineapple for delivery.  Both were thrown on top of a previously baked pizza with no cheese added.  In fact it wasn't Canadian bacon but rough cut large unevenly diced chunks of ham.  I asked multiple people in the office and they had never seen anything like it.  Wish I could upload a picture. I usually eat there at least once a week so I tried to call and talk to a manager.  The phone was answered with please hold in an annoyed voice, followed by another person picking up the phone with a yeah.  I asked to speak to a manager and was told the person who put me on hold was the manager.  I repeated that I needed the manager and was informed that both the manager ( who was yelling in the background I don't have time for this) and the employee didn't have time to talk to me.   HORRIBLE customer service won't be eating here again.
5	I can't say enough good things about Anthony's! The owner is busting his butt every day and really cares about his restaurant, customers, and food. The food is hot, fresh, and delicious every time. I have eaten more of their chicken and pizza lunch specials than I care to admit to, but I have NEVER been disappointed. The staff is friendly, funny, and hardworking. My co-worker is from Philly, PA, and walked in with me one day to order a cheeseburger sandwich, which he hadn't been able to find on a menu since moving to Las Vegas. I had never heard of it (being from California) and didn't see it on the menu. But the cook and cashier new EXACTLY what he was asking for and made it special just for him, thrilled that he had ordered it. That's the kind of spirit you can expect at Anthony's.
3	Had very high hopes for this place based on a number of great reviews and the fact the I love NY style pizza. Ordered a large pie with pepperoni, sausage and mushroom at lunchtime. Although it wasn't bad, it's definitely not in the same league as pizza from John's, Lombardi's, Grimaldi's, etc. in NY. Personally, I think the sauce was under-seasoned, the crust too thick and also too dry. It was also slightly under-cooked with no char on the crust. I would like to go back and give them another chance. Maybe I just got there on a bad day.
5	Fast & efficient service. Employees are very amiable and prices are reasonable. A great quick pick up especially if you're waiting for jury duty!
