1	Seriously, when will United get rid of the most ridiculous concept ever thought of, ECONOMY PLUS?! This section of the plane makes everyone else super jammed and uncomfortable. Come on, United, stop trying to nickel and dime your passengers. Give everyone in Economy the right to be comfortable. Its enough that we have to pay for checked bags and snacks on the flight. When will the abuse on passengers end?!Why not be the first airline to set a good example and put passenger satisfaction first?!
1	First I might point out that Virgin America has a 4 star rating at this airport. I have flown them to San Francisco and I couldn't agree more. In fact I think one of the ratings is my own.Now!I flew from Syracuse through Chicago back to Vegas a few weeks ago and despite a 4 hour delay in Chicago (this part was airport wide, keep reading) they couldn't manage to get my bag from one airplane to another. My bag spent the night in Chicago while I arrived in Vegas.So the next day I made a trip back to the airport to get my bag.I then asked for a refund of the $25 they charged me to check my bag. I got a mailing address and fax number where I had to send a list of hard copy information. Even though I had already provided the same information in my e-mail before they asked for it.I told them to keep my $25 and forget about ever getting my business again. Here is what they get in return. Fly Virgin America!!!!
1	This review is specifically for the United customer service reps at McCarran. They are idiots, to put it simply. Idiots. There is no organization, it's practically a free for all. It doesn't help that their customer base are idiots for the most part too. Seriously, here is a conversation I overheard:United Rep: Where are you headed today?United Customer: Ummm... I think Denver, or maybe it's Texas? I'm not sure where I'm going. I mean seriously?Anyway, so the first step to checking in are the kiosks, which is easy enough. Unfortunately, I had to check a bag, and this is where it was hellish. I apparently picked the wrong line because I waited 45 minutes to check my bag. Apparently, the people in front of me in line thought it would be good to book a flight in person, at the airport. I'm not even sure where they were going, but it was probably Neptune based on how fucking complicated the customers and the United Customer service rep were making it. It's not rocket science, people. What frustrates me even more is that while the customer booking her flight to Neptune was on the phone with what I presume to be another United customer service rep, the original, in person, customer service rep couldnt push them to the side as the customer booked their flight to Neptune, and checked my bag. Luckily, some nice people in the line next to me noticed that I had been waiting nearly an hour and they let me cut in front of them. It took me five minutes to check my bag.I think in order to make this United hub practice business more smoothly for their customers, they need to organize themselves a little more. There should just be one line, not seven. Also, all airline customers should just be smarter about flying. Get to the airport on time, dont pack explosives, don't overpack, and then freak out over an overage charge. Seriously, flying shouldn't be complicated. Maybe if people practiced common sense, people wouldn't  be so pissed to be a the airport. Just a tip!
5	Awesome service!! I was booked with Continental and missed my flight to Denver this morning by 5min..the customer service rep helped me get on the next flight on United Airlines (same company) within minutes! Nice! On my way to Denver!
2	I fly United to Fresno about once a month. The only reason I take United is because Southwest does not fly to Fresno. The plane is a cramped little prop plane with minimal overhead storage. You get charged to check your luggage (though if it's small enough to carry on on a regular plane but too big for the little prop plane overhead storage, they will check it for free at the gate). About half the time they have to check if they can get us all on the plane due to the weight requirements. There's a steep fee to change your flight. Not much to like IMHO.
5	Always great ticketing and gate agents.
1	This review is for the UA reps at McCarran who lack customer service and resolution management skills. They managed to turn a relatively benign situation into something ridiculous.Upon picking up my suitcase I noticed a big dent and hole in my suitcase. My husband is desperate to get to MGM because he has UFC tickets that start in a few hours and I piss him off by going to the baggage claim office to show the rep what happened to my suitcase. I spoke to Charlene Lasoz. Our conversation goes like this:Me: "My suitcase is damaged. There is a big dent in the top that was not there before."Ms. Lasoz: "You're right it looks damaged, we can get that fixed for you. Do you live in Las Vegas?" Shocked as I was expecting a there's nothing I can do, but doesn't hurt to try.Me: "No, I live in San Francisco"Ms. Lasoz: "Are any of the contents damaged?"Me: "No, I don't think so." I opened the suitcase to confirm.Ms. Lasoz: After I close it and stand it upright she starts hitting the dent real hard and somewhat flattens the dent out. " Oh it's fine, it did what it's supposed to do by protecting your belongings."Me: "So, you're not going to fix the suitcase?" Shocked that she thinks by flattening the dent that is fixing the suitcase.Ms. Lasoz: "No, the suitcase is not damaged."Me: "Fine, I'm going to file a complaint, let me please have your name and the 1800 customer service number." If she had just said no in the first place rather than flip flopping on the issue I wouldn't have gotten upset.A few days later I'm back at the airport and have to pay a $25 check bag fee. I had no problem paying it the first time, but don't feel like paying it again due to UA damaging my suitcase. I pay the fee at the kiosk and talk to the guy taking the luggage. I told him what happened on my previous flight.Me: "Is there any way to waive the fee because on my way here my luggage was damaged?"Luggage Taker:  "Let me get a manager"My husband is embarrassed because he said the luggage taker was muttering FU under his breath at me. I spoke to a man named Mr. Aquino and told him what happened including my conversation with Ms. Lasoz.Me: "Is there any way to waive the baggage fee since my luggage got damaged in transit?"  I accepted my repair claim was denied and was going to file a complaint.  I was not asking for a repair since I knew it should be handled by a different department.Mr. Aquino: "There is no way to waive the fee, but I see your luggage is damaged if you go to the baggage claim department then you can get it fixed."Me: "Great, where is the baggage claim department." Mr. Aquino: "It is across the street."Me: Being poor with directions. "Can someone please escort me there?"Mr. Aquino: "No, but it is right across from carousel #13"Me: Realizing I was already there "Okay, if I go there can I tell them that you said that my baggage would be fixed since Ms. Lasoz said they could not do anything about it.  What is your name so I can tell the baggage claim person that you said it was okay to be fixed"  I found his name by glancing at his name tag as he didn't want to tell me.Mr. Aquino: "No, I did not say that."Me: "Yes, you did, you said it could be fixed"  Getting upset and raising my voice.Mr. Aquino: Raising his voice at me "I did not, you are putting words in my mouth."Me: "Yes, you did"  Later I realized he probably meant fix my issue not the bag and was trying to push the problem to another department.  I was upset and raising my voice at this point indignant at implying I was a liar.Mr. Aquino: Walking away from me in disgust "I am not taking your baggage and getting a Supervisor."At this point my husband is mortified. A supervisor comes out, forgetting to get a name I will call him Tall Portly Caucasian Man TPCM.I tell TPCM the story for the 3rd time as I had already told it to the luggage taker and Mr. Aquino. I showed TPCM my luggage and how it was damaged in transit to Las Vegas. TPCM agreed there was damage.TPCM: "We cannot waive the $25 bag check fee, but I can see the luggage has been damaged, did you file a claim?"Me: "Ms. Lasoz said there was no damage and did not file a claim for me. I did not stick around because my husband had UFC tickets. I told her I would file a complaint and left." I still am not asking for a repair. I just wanted to waive the baggage fee and a simple no would've sufficed.At this point a buxom African American lady came out and told me it was a manufacturer defect of the suitcase and UA had no responsibility for the damage. She did not hear any of my story nor the fact I did not ask for a baggage repair. Not feeling like telling the story again, I tell her I'm filing a complaint about the way this was handled. If they had told me no I would've been fine.  Don't waste my time by having to repeat my story multiple times and aggravate the situation by bringing up repairs and then denying repairs.  In hindsight what happened was comical.
1	Boo united. And for shame.While standing to board Red's flight we were approached by a young lady in tears who apologized for asking this bizarre request: can I borrow your shoes just to walk through the check in gate?Ummm...????Ever the skeptic, I allow her time to explain - she begins to cry saying that by wont let her cross the boarding check because she's flying standby and wearing flip flops. Note - flip flops are ok for non-standby passengers, but not for her? Red comes through as the hero and agrees to shoe swap until they're past the gate and then everything is fine but... WTF? Isn't it better for United's image to *not* have a young lady sobbing at their gate because she got denied her flight based on wearing flip flops rather than risk *THE HORROR* of a stand by passenger pass through the boarding pass scan area wearing flip flops!? Absurd. The ticket agents showed no sort of compassion for her either. AND on United's website I couldn't find anything about a dress code. When I used their "ask alex" feature on their website to ask "is there a dress code?" the answer was that they DON'T have a dress code except to dress comfortably...
2	Plus one star for United actually locking down the nicest newest terminal at McCarran Airport. The premier access line through security is pretty fast since most passengers at McCarran are tourists rather than business travellers.That being said United Airlines does very little to go out of their way to make either airports or flights enjoyable. They are an old, outdated airline with old, cranky, entitled employees that could take lessons from Southwest, Jet Blue, and Virgin.
2	Laaaaaame, our flight was delayed by three hours to sfo. which is only a 1hr and 10 min flight. Other people missed their connections and I remember no one answering their questions till 45 min later. And one customer was at the desk for 30 min because the employee was not able to help them get to their destination.Then one lady wasn't able to get on our flight because of a mess up at the check in desk before security. Thank the Lord I was not traveling far but the service at the gate was not great.
1	Horrible. Choose another airline please! 15 hour delays going to San Francisco to Las Vegas both ways!  Every hour was a new excuse for the delay. Service was awful. Customers on airplane for an hour with little cool air serving themselves water  since flight attendants sitting around. Unbelievable! They never could find pilots to fly the plane. Please, choose another airline.
1	When I reflect on why I prefer Southwest over any other airline (although Banana Republic just designed Virgin America's new Flight Attendant uniforms and that's cool) I'm going to remember the ridiculous woman at the United gate that asked for volunteers who wanted to gate check their bag. Gate check is pretty awesome, when it goes well. This was not one of those times. I explained that I was connecting in Denver and that my final destination was Madison. She explained gate checked bags are the last on the plane, and the first off, so it would be waiting for me on the jetway before I even got off the plane. Sounded like a good deal to me. I stuffed my Denver boarding pass and a few other silly things in the front pocket thinking I'd have access to them in Denver and I boarded. Late. The aircraft was stuck somewhere and the adjusted arrival time in Denver made it so I'd have 12 minutes to get to the gate in Denver and board. What this woman, we'll call her Theresa, what Theresa failed to mention is that gate checked bags on one leg of a flight are automatically checked through to the final destination. Doesn't sound like too much an issue... right? Well you'll have to check out part 2 where United takes a nose dive into ridiculousness....
1	My adventure began with what was supposedly a 7:00 pm flight. As a good and wary citizen, I arrived early and sailed through the very efficient Las Vegas TSA and arrived at my departing gate by 6:00 pm. Upon checking the board, I saw that my flight was delayed 45 minutes. "No problem," I figured, "I'll just sip on a $12 glass of wine poured from a $3 bottle at the cafe next to the gate and wait for a bit."45 minutes turned into an hour. An hour into two. By 10:00 pm, I was getting antsy. By 12:00, I realized that I actually lived in this town and had no reason to spend the night in the airport. I got in line at my actual gate, where, after waiting 20 minutes, a dismissive little man in uniform told to get in the "correct" line, two gates over. THAT line snaked all the way down the hallway and around the corner.While inching towards the counter, the well-dressed, older Asian man behind me began bitterly complaining. He was supposed to be on the same flight as me, and wanted to reschedule. When I told him what they told me at our actual gate, he shrugged and stomped over there. The very same man who told me he couldn't help me helped HIM right away! It's as if they couldn't wait to speak to him! Everyone else in line was furious. One lady went over there, and the same man sent her back to our line again. Not sure what that was about.Finally at the counter, I asked why our flight - no other - was delayed. Guess what they told me. No! Guess! "Weather." What weather? Where? It's July!! Sunny here in Vegas, sunny there in Seattle (OK, maybe that anomaly alone was enough to ground planes...but I digress...) what do you mean, weather? What were we supposed to do in the mean time? Were there upgrades, other flights, something, ANYTHING that would help us get to where we were supposed to have already been hours ago?This bitter, dismissive uniformed man then went into a tirade about how the airlines cannot control the weather, and how we wouldn't sue a car dealer for potholes in the road.Uh...what?Trying a different tactic, I practically tackled a supervisor as she went whizzing by me. Annoyed, she shouted a phone number over her shoulder, but then took the time to add, "We can't control the weather," before she sped away again. Confused by the clear skies and warm air, I asked an attendant at another airline about the eeevil weather that was grounding planes. She looked at me as if I were bonkers. "We haven't heard anything," she said.Fine. I'll try the stupid number. To be continued...
1	I used to fly Continental from Vegas to Newark several times a year, and I came to love that airline, especially during the one year I actually made it to Elite status and got upgraded a few times to First Class.  Alas, Continental is no more, replaced by the evil United Airlines. This, then is a summation of my flight back to Vegas last week.  Note that it is NOT my worst experience with United, just the latest.  The worst one is currently in litigation!1. The agent at curbside check-in was efficient, but the check-in stations were FILTHY.  I didn't want to put anything down.  2. The flight was delayed an hour, which then stretched to two, ending at four.  Original gate agent was snippy and nasty to passengers, even though few passengers ever approached the desk during the four-hour delay, and there was never any harassment on the part of any passenger.  All the passengers seemed to understand that the delays were due to the bad weather, so there was absolutely no reason for the condescending and annoyed attitude.3. Seats on United are left empty - especially in the exit rows, which NEED to have people sitting in them - because United will not let people move to unoccupied seats mid-flight without paying $109  DOLLARS????????!!!!!!!!!!!!  When I asked why it went from $60 to $109, she said "Oh, if you want to change midflight, that's the cost."  This is a tragedy waiting to happen; if there is ever a time that evacuation is necessary and no one is sitting in the exit rows because they didn't want to give in to United's extortion, precious seconds could be lost.4. Flight attendant made announcement that baggage could be claimed at Carousel 3.  She did not say that it was Carousel 3 at TERMINAL 3.  My flight deplaned at the usual gate, and my husband went to the usual terminal 1.  I did not learn it was Terminal 3 until getting to the rotunda where it now diverges to TWO trams, which was AFTER calling him and letting him know that I'd be at Carousel 3.  He had to go back to the parking lot, pay the parking fee, then drive to the lot for Terminal 3, and pay again when we left. The corporate culture of United seems to be to make the flying experience as miserable and uncomfortable for the passenger as possible.  The customer is treated with contempt and disdain, and this is reflected in the attitudes of the flight attendants, most of whom were Continental employees who continue to evince tacit dislike for their new employer.  Henceforth, I will be choosing Southwest over United whenever possible, because I am treated with respect and appreciation.  And judging by the other reviews on Yelp, I know I am not alone.Karma is a bitch.
1	They really seem disorganized. and still to this day I'm not sure why the United Airlines would take off knowing they didn't have enough fuel to make it to the destination thus having to stop mid-way at another airport to get fuel.  This caused me to miss my connecting flight.  The flight attendants couldn't even give us a decent excuse. They mumbled something about weight restrictions leaving John Wayne airport.   I'll avoid United Airlines at all cost now.
3	Love the frequent flyer program and love getting upgraded for free.  United has been getting better lately as they used to be the worse.  Now they suck less so that's better than before and definitely makes me happier to fly with them again.
2	YES star alliance has arguably the best/easiest mileage plus program. YES their fleet flies allll ovvvaaa.YES they just purchased a crap ton of the new Dreamliners.NO I don't like your crappy, outdated planes.NO, I REALLY don't like paying extreme prices for bags.YES....your customer service STINKS (no literally, it's like they don't bathe...their planes smell atrocious)!But I keep flying, because I have miles, and because I want to fly on Singapore airlines one day for free (aka miles). ::sighs::BOO you whores!
3	I think most airlines are all about the same at this point. I'm not really impressed by any of them. United was alright. The plane wasn't the most up-to-date, the staff wasn't very friendly (pretty rude actually), and you can only purchase food - nothing was free (except pop and water). Our flight was on time, and we did have TV's, so that was nice. I just don't know that I would rant and rave about them.
5	I haven't had any issues whatsoever with my luggage on any United flights out of LAS, of course most of the time I go on small personal and/or business trips and so I don't usually check my bags under the plane, which is, I would assume, why it has some bad reviews. After reading most of these reviews, as I do most reviews on Yelp, and you have to wonder how many of these people are the source of the problem not the company. Until I have an issue with United, I will gladly fly again...oh and this last time I flew I used mileage, it was easy and got me a free flight to Vegas. I'll take that thank you!
4	I have been on a lot of other plane co. and United has been good for us. I have had far more bad flights with others. I will use United again
1	What's going on with United's reservations??????I called and tried to see how much it would be to change the date of the return portion of our R/T ticket.  Turned out to be too expensive and told the agent that we would keep our original return date.  No problem until I checked my bank account!Seems that while the agent was checking for flight dates and the cost difference, he used our debit card from our original ticket purchase several months ago, (without my permission) and almost completely wiped out my checking account with up to 6 transactions totaling $1485.After many calls and hours on the phone with United supervisors,  they said it was a computer glitch and they were aware of the problem.  United did not actually take the money, but put a hold, (pending) on my checking account.  I am completely lost for words as United has shown no concern or remorse for the situation they have put me in.
4	I guess I'm in the minority when I say I don't mind United.  I try not to fly them internationally since I recently flew to Australia and there were no power ports.  Compare that to Turkish Airlines that had free wifi as well as power ports.  But that aside, I have status with United so I do fly them a lot, and it's usually just fine.
3	United recently changed terminal at the Las Vegas airport and they are now located a the brand new Terminal 3. It's mot a big change as far as the gates are concerned as they are still operating from "Concourse D", a large remote gate complex. Before if you arrived at the concourse the only option is to take an automated tram to Terminal 1. Well now you have to be careful as there is two tram lines. One for Terminal 1 and one for Terminal 3. If you fly on United you have to go to Terminal 3 otherwise you won't be able to get your checked luggage back!Terminal 3 has a more modern layout than Terminal 1 and is easier to navigate so it's a nicer experience arriving here on United. United's service for me here this time was a flight between Washington Dulled and Las Vegas. The flight was nice and on-time. Delivery of luggage was quick. All in all, nothing exceptional but still a experience that match or surpasses my expectation which as low for american carriers.
1	Worst airline I've ever flown.But don't just take my word for it!  Just today I read about a study conducted by Wichita State University and the University of Nebraska that ranked United as the worst airline.  This is what prompted me to write my review.I don't want to call out the Las Vegas branch of United in particular, 'cause they're really no better or worse than any other I've dealt with.  The service was horrible on my recent visit, though.The only reason our family is stuck with United is because my husband travels a lot and he's part of the frequent flyer program.  Since theirs is one of the crappiest FF programs around, I keep asking him to switch.  I hope some day he will.The state of the aircraft is substandard.  Seats are uncomfortable, food is barely edible, and most aircraft are lacking the seat-back personal entertainment units that nearly all airlines have these days.  On our recent flight out of Las Vegas, it became obvious that our flight would be departing late.  As it turned out, we left about 45 minutes after the scheduled departure time.  However, this tardiness was never acknowledged by the ground crew.  The official status remained "On Time."  So, don't believe their On Time record, 'cause while it's probably bad, it's not even accurate.In short, I hope I'll never have to fly United again.  It's experiences like these that remind me to search elsewhere, even if the competitors are more expensive.
1	The woman works around the kiosk was very rude!!!!!
4	@United is one of the better airlines in my opinion. They've time and again proved that they are good at fore-seeing potential issues and have taken steps to make all my flights with them seamless and stress-free. I fly about 6-8 times a year, so I don't expect to run into issues when I fly. In fact, I would say 90% of my flights are uneventful and that is just the way I like them to be. Whenever there has been an issue, United has handled them very much to my satisfaction.
1	I wish I could give 0 stars.  My flights changed 3 times due to weather... I get that.  However, when a customer has been awake and inconvenienced for 24 hours and it will be another 18-24 hours (because your crew were stranded due to weather) wrong things to do/say are: "we aren't ready for your questions, we aren't working the desk yet" (and then to repeat it more rudely when the customers asks who to ask instead); you don't refuse 3 times to give their boarding passes and receipts back that they show you (Ms. Badu...close I believe); and you don't tell the customer to go wait at D50 (Ms. short dark haired supervisor) and then not approach them for 2 hours (actually no one approached me at all...I gave up trying to get help).I fly often and will NEVER fly, recommend, or speak well of United.  Here I was eager to try their WiFi too...NO WAY!!!
4	I feel bad giving 4 stars after reading all these bad reviews for United Airlines. But I frickin love them! Me and the BF have flown about a bazillion miles on United and we get really great service.I have never had a missed or late flight and that includes all if my international flights. After flying so much I have learned a few tricks of the trade in United. If you are flying from Vegas and going somewhere out of the country, make sure you do your layover in Chicago. This is only if you are flying in First or Business Class.United has the planes with the pods ( lay down beds) for both Business and First for their international flights. You can almost guarantee that you will get on one of these planes when you go through Chicago.They are like heaven when you are on a long flight. The drinks are good, service is good and the food ( I hare to say it) is not to shabby on international flights. It also helps to get the United Visa Credit Card. They give you a ton of miles and United is really easy to work with on using them. I have never experienced a problem with getting  seat using miles. You can even book it yourself online. Hello- how easy is that?
4	My experience was pleasant. We were the last group to board the plane so we didn't have space to throw our carry on. United just started checking everyone's baggage without missing a beat. Once we landed, we were greeted with complimentary water bottles and cake pop... I can genuinely say that was a first!
1	If only I could give NO STARS!!!!I absolutely hate United! They lost my parents luggage on May 15th and to date they are still claiming that they are still trying to "trace" the bags and they have no record of it ever leaving Las Vegas. We have the baggage claim tags proving we checked in the bag too. I am sure the bag is lost forever but they do not communicate at all with the customer and make no effort to help. They claim they have a liability of up of $3300 but only if you can prove what was inside the suitcase with receipts. Even that is still iffy. The most they would ever do for a customer is provide a voucher. Who in their right mind would ever travel with them again after that.  Who the hell carries receipts of all their items! Honestly, I am sure the bag has been stolen and we will never see it again, but I am so disappointed in how United has handled a customer's belongings. We can write and call their main headquarters and companies all day long and they will not do a damn thing for you. I feel bad for my parents, as they don't fly much and had this unfortunate situation happen to them.
4	I usually fly Southwest and miss their convenience. But sometimes I don't get a choice and end up flying United Airlines.Pros:-Spacious seating-Assigned seating-DIRECTV -Outlets under your seats.  You can charge your phone or keep you laptop fired up while you fly. Cons:-Most don't have wifi.  Tough to get caught up on reviews without wifi-My luck, always delayed-DIRECTV isn't free.  -Meals aren't free like they were in the 80's and 90's.  -Check In and Ticketing:  Regardless where I'm flying from, this takes forever. -Bags don't fly freeEvery flight experience is different. I've had good ones and bad ones with long delays.  My last trip was another delay, but somehow United made up for it by getting me to my final destination 40 minutes early.  The cons was enough to give United only 3 Stars. I bumped it up because I made it home safe. Conversation with my pilot on every trip:Pilot:  Enjoy your day and thank you for flying United Airlines.Me:  You have a good day too. Thank you for landing.
1	The worst start to a vacation ever.  First they load us onto a plane, then there were issues, they unloaded us, then didn't give any info.  After a bit they loaded us back on then stopped and unloaded us again.  It turns out the plane had issues BUT this is not my complaint.My complaint is during this process the staff were completely rude and not understanding to anyone's needs.  They barked out, "if your connecting flight is out of Houston at midnight then you'll just have to wait until tomorrow at midnight and we don't have any hotel rooms for you".  We are the paying customers and the staff seem to think talking down to a paying customers is acceptable.  At least show a little concern or have some sensitively regarding the unfortunate situation...that goes a long ways in a customers eyes!Maybe the airline as a whole isn't so bad but I'll never know because the staff at McCarren upset me enough that I'll never fly United again and I'll tell everyone I know not the fly with them either.
1	Wow these front agents are RUDE! I understand you prolly hate your job but be nice! I approach the front counter bc I wasn't assigned a seat number. They looked a bit busy bc the flight was oversold so I patiently waited for them to acknowledge me and actually thought I was invisible for 5 min. It was soo awkward I thought i was getting punked. While waiting I witnessed the mean mean female agent yelling at the other male agent right in front of me! Man oh man they had a serious case of the Mondays.
2	I normally have a good experience with UA, but the one here at McCarron International is pretty disorganized. Flight got delayed (not their fault) and that's when everything seemed to fall apart. When we got called back to board finally, the boarding groups were gaggled in a mob formation - asses to elbows. Ppl complaining, talking out of the side of their necks, UA workers yelling to each other. There was no clear line for any of the boarding groups. Mehh
1	Worst flight ever. Forced to view advertising on the small screen, horrible flight attendants. Rookie company.
1	Awful customer service, even for Gold members. UA canceled a flight and after they deplaned all 200+ people, we had to wait in the same line to get assistance. Even if UA could help one person per minute that is still over 3hrs of waiting. There were lots of open desks and employees around the terminal.
1	This is why airlines need to be shut down and high speed rail needs to be implemented.United won't let me drop my first leg without auto canceling my two leg trip. So basically I am in city #2 but I have to drive back to City #1 so they can fly me BACK to city #2 again??? This is the dumbest thing I have ever heard and makes me realize why we have global warming and so much waste.All I ask when I speak with the supervisor is to let me continue on with my second leg, and just forget about the first leg. But because of policy, they rather waste plane fuel and not be able to resell the first leg because policy says I have to do exactly as my itinerary says or pay a ridiculous change fee.So as I am typing this, I am driving back to city #1 so united can fly me again to where I already am. DUMB DUMB DUMBFunny thing is they should actually be thankful that I don't want to fly the first leg so they can resell my seat or save plane fuel but nope, they rather burn their money, so investors and customers beware.
3	Flew United from SMF to LAS through an Expedia deal.  Flights were decent and staff was good.  Of course I miss my free Southwest checked bags, but what can yah do?It was cool because they have a promotion with The Cosmo in Vegas for coupons for joining their membership club.  Two for one at the Wicked Spoon and free slot play,  so sweet there.  Plane was a good size and comfortable for the short flight,  so I'd probably fly again if they were cheaper then Southwest.
1	How is it possible for a company to be this badly run?
1	I got a very bad service from United Airlines on Feb 2014. Bad customer service, disorganized system, just very poor service overall. I wish someone would have warned me beforehand. I will never fly with United ever again. I would pay more to fly on a different Airline and you should as well. Not worth it!
2	The check in procedure is a joke, people behind the counter not doing anything but we have to check in at the kiosks and they weren't working. 2 of the 3 names came up but would not print, United lady says that the are used so much they don't work, so I asked can they check us in at the counter she said people dont pay enough for us to be helped! What wait a minute I paid to much for our tickets and I bought them from United not one of the online traveling sites, $475. Each then a guys comes and tells me I need to check our carry on, o now someone wants to help but help who not me see he was thinking $$ for the air lines. I told him I would not check our bags we carried them on here and we will carry them on back. What a way to end a great trip with lazy rude people.
2	I was a loyal United Plus member, but since they now require you to fly a minimum number of miles AND spend a minimum number of dollars to maintain a premium membership makes it difficult to maintain my loyalty.  Once I use up all my miles, I will chose another program and fly with them instead.  I will miss the economy plus, but other airlines are doing it as well.
1	The worst experience I have ever had with an airline!!!My wife and I had scheduled a flight to Wisconsin, as her father was in ICU with stage 4 lung cancer.We needed to move up our flight, as the staff informed us that he may be passing.  When we explained the situation to United, they were incredibly rude and told us that they would charge us an *additional* $900+ to move our flight date.We decided to fly out via Delta instead, as my wife's mother had unused frequent flyer miles, but were intending to use the same return tickets through United for the flight home.We called United to tell them that we wouldn't be using the outgoing tickets, but would be keeping the same return tickets.  I was speaking to the rudest person yet, a supervisor by the name of Mrs. Roger and was informed that they would be charging us $400 in 'change fees' to use the exact same return tickets that we had already purchased - unbelievable!During a time in which a family member was dying and a time in which we did not have the extra money lying around to pay this ridiculous fee, here was this rude person that actually seemed to enjoy our midfortune!To this day, I still do not understand what the 'change' fee was for - we used the same tickets we had already purchased.It will be the absolute LAST time I will ever fly via United.  The stress that they added during a difficult time in our lives was just soul crushing.
1	First time I flew United airlines was from Vegas to Jersey. Everything about their flight  experience was the complete opposite of other great airlines. Everything was consistent in a negative way. From checking in through the new electronic kiosks with error kinks still in them, to the luggage lady who just woke up(if you're gonna treat me & my bags like trash then don't do it in front of me at least), to the irritated looking guy scanning our boarding passes, to the stewardess attitude, excessive uncomfortableness & freezing temperature of the plane ride, to the broken intercom on the plane. Everything clearly hates their job with this company & must not be getting treated well. I'm sorry that the United Corporate must be so bad to them that their employees can't even pretend to like their job anymore. I will probably never try this airline company again. If TSA was the most helpful & kind person during your trip, then there's something going on, right? Haha.
2	Where to start.  No one out on the floor to help for over 15 minutes and then they send one person to help 30 people.  In line forever.
2	United Airlines needs to get it together! Baggage checking process is broken and their customer service practices are horrible. Kudos to Milton a check in rep at T3 in Vegas for going the extra mile! He was the only one willing to help would be passengers navigate the hell that is there process. To mr. Scott snooty first-class dude... Remember it is we the low coach passengers that pay your salary and policy be damned if you have struggling customers in front of you and not a first-class passenger in sight. Take a moment and help- smile and be nice. Don't wave us off like flies and smirk saying "this is first-class" go over there. Finally I am wondering how long it is going to be to get my $50 back that your stupid machine did charge me for one bag! Fly SOuthwest people!!!! If you can!
5	I wish I could fly them to every treatment at MD Anderson.  They are friendly and on time.  If the tickets were better priced at united, I would never get on another Spirit airplane!!!  Spirit sucks and the people aren't real friendly!!!
1	OMG!  My girlfriend is too nice to write a review of the horrible experience that she is having today, so I am writing it for her.  I just cannot believe the behavior of a major airline and their horrific service.  My girlfriend planned a short vacation for herself and 2 children to see Mount Rushmore.  She used Travelocity, which offered the United transportation.  They were supposed to leave at 6:15 AM this morning from McCarran Airport, but the flight was cancelled.  Why?  She was told that the flight crew was tired and needed to rest.  (Maybe call in another crew?)  So, she had to go to the ticket counter where there was an enormous line.  She stood in line for 4 hours!  Hear that, 4 hours!  And no one cared or once apologized.  Get this, during that time, one of the 2 agents left for a break.  When the agent returned, a person started applauding, which was followed by other applauding.  Know what happened?  The agent told them to settle down or she was going to call the police!  Someone said that they were just happy that there would be 2 lines and were clapping, and she threatened the crowd again!  Is this a foreign country?!  Are we still in the USA?!Well, 4 hours later, my girlfriend made it to the front of the line.  They wanted to put her on a flight the next day which would get her there at night, she would only have one day there and then have to return.  They offered her a credit.  She planned this vacation for months.  It cost her a lot.  She chose to take a flight out tonight, and risk one of the kids being on standby at their connection in Denver.  The agent said that chances are good that he'll get on.  If not, they will all be sleeping at the airport.  I feel so bad.Please never fly United!
5	I am prejudiced, but, after living in Denver, a UAL Hub, I have to say, United Airlines is the best! Best widest service of all airlines, and best flight attendants, reservationists, and counter people, and best pilots too. Good dependable service by air worldwide! Bravo! That's who I shall continue to book for my flights.
1	It is really hard to imagine new lows for United, but this company has succeeded. The worst managed airline on planet earth. Easily. They have cut back everything in this airline. Thank goodness for FAA and lawyers, at least they require they inspect their aircraft, and the threat of massive lawsuit keeps them at least at minimums. Staff which were poorly trained and horrible now have been dispatched, and checkin at Vegas is now completely self service - you tag your own bags. Problem? Sorry you are officially screwed. No one there to help. Good luck!  Priority member is a joke. Actually worse than non priority which is at least staffed with one person when things go wrong, and being United of course they are having computer problems. How can stockholders stand by and watch this once great company trashed?  Answer they don't care, they just want to be paid. So they squeeze profits at any cost, treat customers horribly they are sheep anyway. Sad!
5	Currently on a plane from LAS to SFO & I have nothing but good things to say about their customer service! From getting our tickets at the counter to boarding to being on the plane, it's been great. Immediately after being seated, they asked if we wanted any drinks. And one of our flight attendants (whose name I can't remember), saw our coats in our laps and asked if we wanted them hung. Lastly, my boyfriend had recent ACL surgery and she asked if he needed a wheelchair when we landed. It was an extremely nice gesture, even though we did not need it It's been awhile since sitting first class, so the experience again was great!
1	Had a wonderful trip in Costa Rica, packed our bags and handed them to the United Airlines Crew, who then stole items out of them! I will never fly United again and will tell everyone I know what thieves they are, that is all.
1	As a traveler who has traveled all around the world, I have never experienced the worst customer service like provided at this airline. I flew family members from canada to Las Vegas that had a connecting flight. Due to a delay on the first flight they missed the second flight. They could not help in anyway in means of contact or in urgency of finding them a new flight. You would think since the delay was on united airline part, that they would take care of their passengers properly and respectfully. Poor customer service, and customer service has no direct line of contact. Even invade of emergency you get the reservation 1800 number that aren't able to help either. I will never use or fly with united airlines again.
1	Sometimes in life you find out what an organization stands for by the way they treat our elders. Least to say in united that does not exist. Myself or any of-my family will never fly with them.
1	Absolutely horrible. First time using United Airlines to fly from Vegas to Fresno. I had an event to attend and had to be there at a certain time. Long story short, due to their incompetence, it can't be for a lack of funds because they charge for everything, they could not repair the plane I was supposed to be on in time and after waiting at the airport for quite some time they tell me that I can either have a flight that lands at 11:30 pm at Fresno or cancel my flight. I was livid. I chose to cancel my flight.  Horrible experience. This ruined my whole day where I took an expensive cab to the airport, checked in, walked a long way, waited for a long time, ate extremely overpriced food and drinks at the airport, heard the great news (sarcasm), canceled my flight, walked all the way back to baggage claim, waited for my bag, took an expensive cab ride back to my hotel, got a room for the night and bought a last minute ticket on Southwest (great, great airline - too bad they did not have a flight to Fresno) back to LA, which cost much more. Needless to say, I will never use United Airlines again!!!!  Don't waste your time with them, especially if you have to be somewhere at a specific time.
1	Never met a ruder staff! Their set-up is also horrible. First with the setup. Six long lines waiting to use the kiosks, which is mandatory. At least one was broken in every group of them. I arrived at 4am and finally got through at 5 minutes to 6am. My flight was scheduled for 630am. I would ask their two attendants for assistance on the kiosk because I was flying on military orders and needed one of them to swipe their badge for me to continue. Every time I would be able to grab one, they would both say, sorry I have to help someone who has been waiting longer. (Which, if was the honest truth, I would be ok with.) I started watching who was behind me in line and started to notice that people who arrived way after me and made their way up to a kiosk were being helped first. I informed the attendants and they stated that they only help those who were here before me. Enough on that, because it fire's me up just thinking about it. When I finally was able to check my bags in and receive my boarding passes, I asked if there was anyway to use first class or get through checking faster because I didn't want to miss my flight. Before I could even finish my statement, I was told, "you should have planned better and arrived earlier". You should never talk to a customer in that way, ever! I bit my tongue, but I wanted to inform her that I was here more then 2 hours prior to my flight.Long story short, I barely made my flight and will never voluntarily choose to fly United!
1	What a vile and disgusting company!!  Not only did they cancel my flight which I had planned and paid for months in advance, which completely ruined a family get together for me, but to add insult to injury, they did not even refund the $25.00 baggage fee that I did not need because I never flew with this piece of garbage of a company.  FLY AT YOUR RISK WITH UNITED!!!!  They are HORRIBLE!!!  Btw, American Express is a great credit card. As a courtesy, they credited the $25 for me.
1	Why I won't ever fly United again!!! On the way to Wisconsin they had me on an oversold flight. Due to the fact that they charge to check a bag, everyone had roller carry on bags. Because of that they made the last group boarding (me) check our carry on bags. Assuming I would get that bag back at the next airport, I wasn't too worried. But, nope, they checked it all the way through to my final destination. My meds, coat, snacks, electronics, etc were in that bag and I needed those things. Lucky for me I decided to pull my laptop out of it before letting it be taken. I then got the only seat next to the two ladies who wouldn't shut up the whole way there (keep in mind this was a red-eye flight and I was trying to sleep). At take off, I thought we were going to crash the way the pilot had us weaving all the way down the runway and then seemed to have problems getting us off the ground. On the way home when I checked in at Madison airport the counter guy was nice and offered to change my flight to get me home an hour earlier. I was excited and agreed. Well, turns out they ended up delaying my flight and it took us forever to get out of the Madison airport, and yet again, another pilot that seemed to have a problem keeping it steady on the runway. Got to Chicago where several people were panicked due to the fact that we had to grab a shuttle and race to our connecting flights. They guy next to me had 5 minutes until his flight was due to take off, no way he was making his flight. When I got to my gate, again, I was on an oversold flight. This time I didn't have to check my roller carry on so I was happy about that. But, once again, we were delayed and sat for about an hour. You would think that the crew would have at least let us know what was going on by making an announcement, but nope, they just left us hanging and wondering what was going on. The male flight attendant obviously was grouchy and was less than pleasant. In fact he was downright rude at times. Didn't even get my drink order right and when I asked for water acted like I was being difficult and even rolled his eyes at me. At one point when he walked by he ran into my shoulder (which was clearly inside my seating area) and didn't even bother to apologize. Then later when I had to go the bathroom and was walking down the aisle he came out of the kitchen area (after I had already been walking towards the bathroom) and wouldn't even wait for me then wouldn't step aside so I had to squeeze next to another passenger so this "god of the flight attendants" could have his own way. The lady behind me kept kicking the back of my seat and the girl next to me refused to even share the arm rest. I'll pay the extra money next time to fly with an airline that actually cares about it's customers. NO MORE UNITED FOR ME!!!!!
2	I used United because they were the cheapest option to go to Seoul, Korea for a family vacation/ reunion. Well, I purchased tickets for myself and my twin sister, however, I assumed since I bought the tickets together they would seat us together on a eleven and a half hour flight but they didn't for the flight there or back. Every time I tried to talk to someone at the counter or kiosk they would turn me away claiming they weren't "available" yet and were very rude. I wanted to see if we could get seated together but every employee immediately said "it's a full flight there are no seats available" and wouldn't even check the computer. This happened at the Salt Lake City and San Francisco location. So I gave up and I had to sit apart from my sister on the long flight...The flight attendants were very nice and friendly which is why I gave a 2 star but the people who work behind the counter are not very good with customer service. I won't use United again.
1	Currently on the plane from Las Vegas to SFO we been sitting on the plane for 2hours and still waiting I will never again fly with United . They need to check all these plane problems way before people board no water or any kind of customer service .
1	Thank you very much for tearing up my luggage and then claiming it is not within the policy of your company to replace.  I TOTALLY understand that wear and tear happens...in fact, I expect it.  However, it appears as though a United employee had a very bad day and took it out on my luggage.The United representative at LAS was professional and courteous, but obviously could not do anything about it and was quick to rehearse a canned speech that I no doubt believe he has had to use many times.  I at least appreciate that he treated me w/ respect.  What's going on United????  It OBVIOUSLY appears you are more focused on profits and not customer service.  Time to change airlines???
1	Flight 1174 from Cleveland to Las Vegas.  Had a first-class ticket.  Tried to enter the UAL Club in Cleveland.  "Only International First Class can come in.  Domestic First Class cannot.  What, am I going to drink you out of business with a cup of coffee and some peace and quiet away from the terminal?  Other airlines let domestic first class into their clubs. Then, on-board, in first class, the attendant hand-picked [certain club status] people to receive the hot breakfast, like the guy next to me.  She skipped me, and found another [certain club status] and others to get the hot breakfast.  Then, she was so sorry, all I could have was corn flakes with a banana and a fruit plate.  Screw these guys.  They know how to create bad customer feedback all by themselves. I'll stick with airlines who know how to treat first-class customers like first class, not coach.
1	First off they canceled my flight in the morning. So I go ask if they can book a new flight around that time since I need to get back early for school in California. The guy at the counter tells me he's found a flight and that it's already started boarding and tells me to go in a hurry. I ran about a mile to get to the gate number provided only to be told that the flight leaves at 8pm and not AM. Not only does the guy at the counter can't read, they book a flight 12 hour later?! Are you kidding me united? This is the worst flight experience ever! Plus the phone number just sends you to endless holds so it's impossible to talk to an agent. Basically what I learned today was don't book a flight with United at this airport. I don't want you all to experience the same.
3	I paid $25 for my bag to fly. Wtf. Not only that I had to weigh it tag it and pit it on the conveyer. I asked if I also needed to load it on the plane.  On the other hand we were on time.
2	My mom has to go to San Francisco and transit to Taipei. Our flight is 8:00 and we arrive airport 5:10 am. Because united airline's flight will delay(don't ask me why a delay can be predicted),they move her flight to an earlier flight on 6:10 am. We hardly can find our way to go and she doesn't speak English. The person on desk told me I can go with her, but in security check point I can't! Now I am very worry if she can find her way on time. Even if she luckily arrive, I will not buy tickets from United airlines anymore!
