5	Brand spanking new CFA in the Arcadia area!! Location is a little cramped, but they've handled the traffic flow..making the only entrance off 44th street. Typical CFA food - tasty chicken and poly sauceAlways exceptional customer service. :)
5	Brand new and first visit was excellent.  Food was hot and tasty. The staff was extremely friendly and attentive.  We showed on family fun night and the kiddos were treated to games, balloons,  and a free desert.   Will definatly be returning soon.
5	So, I no longer like the regular chick-fil-a sandwich.  Don't get me wrong, it's a tasty sandwich.  But, I'm a Chargrilled Chicken Sandwich girl for good!  And however they make their diet lemonaide....it's like crack.  It takes everything for me to not drive there daily and get a lemonaide.  So good!!
4	Ok we all know this is about as good as it gets when it come to a piece of chicken between two piece of bread. Tasty!.  This location is brand new and for some reason doesn't seems as busy as most, at least not yet.  Only complaint is there's only one entrance to the parking lot which is on 44th street heading north.
5	WOW!!!  Awesome food. We drove all the way from East Mesa for the sweet tea. We came in on Saturday for lunch. I got the Cobb salad with the apple cider dressing and it was Awesome!!!  It was actually packed and not fluff to look full. The sandwiches, nuggets and of the tea was YUMMY!! Yumm yumm.
5	If I'm having fast food this is the place.  Classic chicken sandwich, waffle fries, and a lemonade! Yum!  So glad they are expanding and I don't have to drive so far when I have a craving
2	I don't know what's up with this location, but the order accuracy (via the drive-thru) has gone in the crapper!  Not once.  Not twice.  But the last FIVE times has our order been wrong (which a few of the times we discovered after we got home)!  The manager has tried to make amends by giving food vouchers.  Doing this is great if your workers make mistakes every once in a while.  But the fact that this has happened the last 5 times tells me that this is happening to A LOT of customers.  And J and I cant be the only customers that have voiced our displeasure.  Which means that they're giving out a lot of free food cause the people (kids) behind the counter cant get their act together. I think I'll stick to just getting lemonade from here for a while.  Though I may not ever do that as they even almost screwed THAT up last week.  I order 2 lemonades - 1 diet and 1 regular. The girl at the window tries giving me 1 lemonade and 1 dr pepper.  I tell her I didnt order a dr pepper.  She says, are you sure?  I have to show her my receipt (that she had just handed me not even 30 seconds prior) and prove to her I ordered 2 lemonades and not a soda and lemonade.  SMH  FAIL!!!Funny - All the times we've gone to the Riverview CFA, we have never had an issue with order accuracy.  Maybe we'll just have to start going back to that location.  And seeing as it is at least a 15 minute trip, we'll end up saving $$$ by not having the convenience going to the one that's in our backyard.
4	Busy at lunchtime with a variety of ages of customers. Nice play area for kids. Parking is an issue as the cars lined up for the drivethru make it impossible to park on one side of the parking space. Entrance only on 44th...can't be accessed from Indian School Rd. Service is good and quick. Appreciate that they always bring food out to you. Quality food with good portions. Wish they had a drink station to refill your own cup.
4	Food is good as always, but I am left wondering why the praise music is only instrumental versions when I sat down to have my lunch.. I was to hear lyrics, it's one of the reasons I dine there, helps me find my center.
5	I am not a fan of fast food - not to be pretentious because we all have our vices. I happen to prefer to indulge in sweets, like cake and candy and sometimes ice cream. My kids and I often go to McDonald's (or as they call it, "the ice cream store") to eat vanilla cones. And then I sit on my phone and read E!News while they crawl through the tunnels.They wanted to go to a "new ice cream store" today so we went an extra mile to Chick-Fil-A.  I ordered our typical cones and then my 4-year old son blurted out that he wanted chocolate.Well, of course the only soft serve option is vanilla. I had a brief flashback of  the good old days when McDonald's offered chocolate soft serve....and even better, my personal favorite, swirl.So, I asked if they had any chocolate syrup because we would take some and she said no, they could not do that.  But then a man from behind her said, "yes, we can. we can blend some up."And that is exactly what he did!  Our first 2 vanilla cones (that we ordered and paid for) were delivered to us promptly.  And  then a few minutes later, a huge cup of chocolate ice cream was delivered to us as well.  And it had a large cone sticking out of it.I felt like I needed to pay for it, but he said absolutely not.  And whatever this chocolate concoction was, it was really really good.  Like a Frostie, and maybe even better.I am not sure of the last time I got such good customer service, although I am sure that it was not a fast food established.   So 5 stars to  them for delivering something that was not on the menu (and for no cost!) to make a kid happy.  And the very clean play area, free from the stench of urine, was just the icing on the cake.
3	Ohh why do you always forget my chick-fil-a sauce. You batting .200 with my chick-Fil sauce. I love it so and you always forget. You say "Chris why don't you just look in the bag" because I got looked in my eye by the man with the tie and he said "yes" it's in the bag. It's never in the bag. I munch my fries and chicken club with such sadness when u forget my chick-fil-a sauce. It's all I can think about in my ride home. I say to myself "I bet they forgot my sauce" Waaaaaa. I cry and go to bed so unsatisfied. But I keep coming back for that most amazing Tang. I think I've gone insane and I'm starting to think they keep it out of my chicken bag in purpose!!
5	I was sent to this location to order food for my office's lunch break and it was personally my first time ever being in a Chick-Fil-A. I have never been a big fan of chicken until then. Right away the customer service was excellent. The girl that helped me made my 5+ different orders extremely easy and I didn't feel rushed like I do when I go to other places, which was nice considering I was new to the place. I waited for the order a reasonable amount of time and was headed back to work quickly! The order was near perfect as they only forgot a honey mustard for one of the orders. I am now a loyal Chick-Fil-A customer and will definitely return on my own time. Thanks for the awesome experience!
5	Customer service here is impeccable.  My boyfriend and I are always pleased by the impeccable manners and service of the staff!  Great job!
5	I love love love this place!  They are probably sick of seeing me bc I am here so much. How can you go wrong?  The chicken is amazing and so flavorful. I only wish I could get hash browns all day!  Have they made mistakes? Yes but who doesn't?  I honestly think I am their number one customer and I will keep coming back even if there is a mistake!  Got the wrong flavor soda?  I bet they fixed it!  Didn't see that in the reviews though.
4	This is the newest CFA store in Phoenix and it also has the smallest dining area.  However all employees that works here are very nice and polite.  They will always say "My Pleasure" after you thank them.  Kudos!
5	As a wanna-be vegan, I feel guilty for loving this Chick-Fil-A, but they definitely earned it. I stopped by last week around 1 or 1:30pm to pick up a sandwich and milkshake (umm peppermint chocolate chip? HECK YES!). From placing my order to receiving the items, every single employee was cheerful, friendly, exceedingly polite, and just generally awesome. I didn't realize how good service could be. These are the nicest people. I left in such a good mood. And the food! Maybe it's just cuz I rarely eat fast food, but everything was frickin delicious. Speedy, efficient, just overall fabulous. There's even a play area, so bring the kiddos!
