4	Pretty good way to spend a warm spring or fall evening.  Drive-Inn movies are so much fun.  Glendale sometimes does double features that are a pretty good deal.  The place is nothing special, but one of the few Drive-Inns still around.
3	Five great reasons to go to the drive in. 1. You get to see 2 movies for less than the price of 1 at the regular theater! 2. You can bring in your own snacks! Beer if ya want to! 3. You can go in your pajamas! 4. You can talk and no one can hear you! 5. You can smoke if your a smoker. I have been smoke free for 10 weeks after 20 years of smoking! If you have never been to this drive inn or if you have it has changed dramatically in recent years. The concession stand is much cleaner than it used to be. The bathroom at least the women's is much much much cleaner than it used to be. Heck that bathroom used to look like something you would find at camp crystal lake and Jason is lurking somewhere. SCARY! They have a little playground for the kids. You listen to the movies through your FM radio in your car so if your car radio is busted or someone stole your speakers, borrow a friends car so you can hear the show! Warning go early and take cash it gets busy and they don't take debit cards. Have fun I always do!
4	Great place to take kids! Live where there is no drive-ins and always wanted to have my kids go to one. This place was wonderful and cheap. Don't go on a hot summer night! Great prices $6 per person on a Saturday night, two movies! Tuesdays during the summer 2011 is $4.50 per person. Great deal.
4	LOVE going to the drive-inns with the family. Such a great deal, $6.50 for adults & kids under 5 are free. You can bring your own food & drinks in without having to smuggle them in. They do have a snack bar with a good selection of food & snacks that are decently priced. For $6.50 you can watch 3 movies. The 1st one starts around 7:30 (a little later in the summer) and there are 2 showings after that. The kids normally pass out towards the end of the 1st movie, then Mommy & Daddy can relax and watch another movie together.  Tonight we watched Kung Fu Panda 2 and our 2nd movie is about to start. Great times, I love my man!
5	Really enjoy going to the drive-in with friends or its an easy date to take the baby on because he can be loud in the car, or better yet sleep. We usually pack the soda cooler go to relax.Everyone around here is usually relaxed and just looking to have a good time. People will bring lawn chairs or blankets as well.They have a children's arcade and jump castle for kids who just aren't into the movie you are watching.I really hope they do not close this place. It may be a relic but I still enjoy going..
4	Coming here is so fun I mean how could it not be, it the drive in movies you always have the perfect seat, you can eat whatever you want, and it's okay to talk. Its like a cross between a movie theater and your living room. It can be romantic  date or a fun family outing where no one gets upset if the kids have input on the movie. The movie seats recline and there is never anyone in front of you to keep you from putting your feet up that what dashboards are for. Gotta love it the movies with privacy.
5	I am 33 years old and I have been going to Glendale Nine Drive-In since my mom was taking me back when I was a little one.  Now, my son, 4 years old gets to experience this awesome place !Where else are you going to get to watch two movies for $6.50 and children under 5 free ?No Where !That's what makes this place special.  You can UNOFFICIALLY bring your own drinks and snacks with-out hassle but don't forget to check out their snack bar as well for all your traditional movie snacks.Heck, we have been known to stop by Little Caesars to buy pizza and crazy bread to enjoy at the movies.I love their DILL PICKLE only $2.  They have CHURROS also only $2.  Popcorn is decent and you can catch a free refill ( Large ) on your popcorn.  DREYERS Ice cream two scoops on a waffle cone I think for $3.50.  They also have fountain drinks which are very fresh but I am not paying $3.50 they also have bottled soda.Prices are reasonable for their snacks and did I mentioned that on Tuesday's its family night ? $4.50 for two movies and the kids under 5 are STILL FREE !They know take Debit / Credit Cards !  Extra Bonus !They have arcade games and an ATM on-site.The restroom facilities are much cleaner than years past.Get on over to Glendale 9 and watch a movie !
4	I suppose I'm long overdue to write a review of this place, since we've been going here at least once a month for, like, 2 years. I don't even go to the movie theatre anymore--the drive-in is WAY more fun.things you need to know: (especially on Fridays, and especially on the opening night of BIG movies) GET THERE EARLY. I'd suggest showing up about 20-25 minutes before your movie starts. this gives you time to wait in the line for the ticket booth, find your screen, find your spot, and run back to the concession stand/bathrooms, if necessary.bring your own drinks and snacks!if you come late(or leave early), show some class by turning your headlights off as you drive amongst those already watching the film.**Tuesdays are half-off!**
5	I grew up going to the drive-in theater located in my small home town, so I have always had a bit of nostalgia for these places.I heard of this one years ago, but for some reason never really got around to actually going. Then I had kids which limited my going out options even more.Now I have kids that are old enough to enjoy movies and after some convincing, we went with our kids and our friends drove separately with their kids.  We setup next to each other and converted our cars into places they could lay and watch the movie and also setup camping chairs and a little table.Took a little bit to get in - which I anticipated reading the reviews.  I just got there too early, there were a few cars in line already but the gates weren't open.  By the time the gates opened (about 40 minutes until showtime) the line behind us was fairly long.We settled in at our screen, had sandwiches and snacks and then took the kids back to use the restroom and grab some popcorn before the movie started.  The popcorn tubs are huge at $5.50 and although they included a refill we didn't feel the need to use it.  My wife said the bathrooms were really clean as well.  Concessions area is very nice.Sound was decent and the image was really good on the movie.  Our kids had a blast, the adults all had a really good time as well.My buddies car went dead about an hour into the movie so we had to give them a jump to get out of there - saw another car next to us doing the same.  Our battery was fine, but in the future I'm probably just going to bring a radio.  Car batteries get abused enough out here.Will definitely be going back with the kids with some frequency and can even see this as a good spot when my wife and I want to watch a movie without the kids.Only thing that was a bit confusing was getting out - we watched a 6pm movie so there were cars coming in when we were leaving, since it's really dark the headlights coming back at you can make it a little tricky to figure out how exactly to get to the lit white box with "exit" on it
4	$7 and $1 per kid.  Affordable snack bar.  A fun night for all.  A variety of current and slightly old movies.  Always something for the kids.  Double features too!
4	Price went up, which is still not bad $7 and kids are still a dollar, but if they go any higher on prices I wouldn't go to the drive inn as much as I would now.
2	Perhaps I came on a bad night. Thursday night, absolutely disorganized. Unbelievably understaffed. Sound coming through the radio is fuzzy and inconsistent. Screen image is subpar. Not sure I'll ever be back. In fact the movie has yet to start, and I'm not certain I'll even stay for this one. Bummer. I was really looking forward to seeing 'guardians of the galaxy.'
