3	It used to be that I was a Home Depot fan.  I'm not really sure what happened, but there came a time when I decided that Lowe's was more my speed.Maybe it was just that I got old and didn't like driving the extra little ways down the street.  Maybe it's just the extra layer of dust and grime that seems to settle on everything at Home Depot.  One of our neighbors also started working there recently, and it could also be that the staff at the Home Depot is usually just not interested in taking my money, but in the end, I'm not really sure.But in the end, this Lowe's seems so much newer, cleaner, and even larger (though I think they are about the same size) as the Home Depot down the street, that I find myself shopping there much more often.  Choose whichever works for you - I'm just saying that between this one and the Home Depot, it is pretty clear why Lowe's has been doing so much better of late.
1	Worst customer service. Go to Home Depot across the street.
4	I like to come here and get Valspar paint, light bulbs, and DIY magazines.  Recently I decided that I wanted to take the popcorn down from the ceiling so I'll be in here again getting the materials that I need.  I've never ran into any associate here who was not willing to help by having accurate information or finding someone who does.
4	Hello friends,I go to this location because it's about 3 driving minutes away. I can't say there is anything that stands out from any other location. It's always clean,i guess that's something. Customer service can be hit or miss, but that's no different from any other business. My sister bought a new Range that was delivered....only to find out they delivered the wrong one. We drove back, spoke to the salesman that helped us out to begin with. After punching on the cpu for a while he said it was his mistake. (Kudos to him for owning up to it & not trying to be dismissive or blame someone else). Hey, people make mistakes, no problem. It's how you deal with it once it's brought to their attention. And for that I'm going to add another star (4 stars). He filled out the return forms, set up the most earliest day for delivery. Apologized repeatedly all with a since tone.TTFN
