5	This is a fantastic radio station.  Wake up and listen to news on NPR; fall asleep after a long day at work listening to great jazz.  Plus, the selection of jazz the station plays is fantastic, including a nice variety of jazz vocals, which I've never really heard much on other jazz stations.  I'm not big on modern, free jazz (a la John Coltrane), but I haven't heard much of that on this station, so I'm happy -- this is definitely a 5 star radio station.
4	Hello, NPR.You've given me music interviews, including Sharon Jones and the Dap Kings. You've given me commentary on the Amy Winehouse revolution and young female singers/songwriters from other countries who are really making an impact in the music industry.  You've given me discussion on the search for happiness, and how to harness my sadness for good. Timely, too, since I just read an article about how sadness can make one analyze their life and strive for improvement. You've given me sports theater, parodying Tom Brady and Eli Manning before the Super Bowl in what would make Shakespeare cock an eyebrow.You've given me Sunday breakfast with the Beatles. Enough said.You've given me so much in a short amount of time, KJZZ. And what have I given you? 1) Your very own programed radio button. 2) Two petite ears.
5	The weekend shows suck me in!Car Talk was one of the only things my father and I had in common.Ira Glass?  My secret radio crush :}Splendid Table?  Love it!Fresh Air?  Awesome!I love NPR!  I even have my friends back East tune in online on Sunday nights for the blues
5	Quite often, KJZZ weeknight broadcasts are my escape from reality when I want to just kick back and relax.  With playlists inclusive of Miles, Dinah, Terence, Duke, Ella and Coltrane - this jazz is the real deal.It's not my most favorite public radio station (that honor would go to KCRW in California), it could stand to grow some dimensions and diversify its music programming.Regardless, I still love KJZZ and have listened to more Morning Edition, Diane Rehm, All Things Considered, This American Life and Whaddaya Know than you probably care to know.  I have also heard KJZZ jazz broadcasts also come in handy if you're looking to get lucky.
5	KJZZ,Yesterday, due to a malfunction, you were off the air for about 20 minutes of my morning. I moved SO slowly, trying to get ready for work! And I realized how much I depend on you to make my mornings not suck. I especially love your international reports with National Geographic, and I've even grown to like the "This I Believe" segments.The only thing I don't like is Car Talk. Oh well. You could make up for it by maybe adding more David Sedaris to your mornings????Overall, you let me learn something new every day. And I love you for it.
2	I'm an avid listener of Jazz and a musician and I'm not too into KJZZ.Yes they play a lot of the Jazz classics and even some new stuff, but it seems that it's all in the vein of straight ahead or vocal jazz.  I rarely hear anything experimental.  The station's understanding of New Jazz is far off.  I rarely hear any Mehldau, don't think I've heard a Redman or Rosenwinkel track, and bet your ass they won't drop some Kneebody or Wayne Krantz.I can understand why they program in this manner, because they're probably not trying to alienate their base of listeners in sun city.  Anyways, I'd rather listen to NPR then Blaze spinning kind of blue for 12 hours straight.
5	Simply no other choice for intelligent radio in the Valley. NPR is of course quality but the local stories are excellent as well.When I am feeling a bit more partisan I do flick over to Randi Rhodes on Nova M Radio - 1480 KPHX.
4	Okay, this is the best station in Phoenix, period. NPR programs are pretty good, at least the news oriented stuff like All Things Considered and Morning Edition. Prarie Home Companion should go back home to Squaresville and the Car Talk guys are wearing on my nerves as well as the pompous Wait Wait Don't Tell Me host.What really makes this station is the music. Once NPR goes off the air in the early evening and Blaise Lantana (if that really is your name...) starts spinning the jazz then KJZZ really starts to shine.The mix of jazz is really good. Sure like some other guy said, you get a lot of stuff from the mainstream classic jazz albums from Miles and those guys which is nice but if you're into jazz you've heard a million times. I mean how many times can you play Freddie Freeloader and Flamenco Sketches... Kind of Blue is like the Thriller of Jazz..Anyway the cool thing is that she plays a lot of jazz vocalists who I don't normally listen to but I dig hearnig on the radio. Now I've got to mention the biggest plus... She has a thing for Houston Person. She plays the heck out of him. I hadn't heard too much of him other than a Grant Green album from the early 70's and maybe a date with him as leader and always thought of him as a poor man's Stanley Turrentine. But man she plays him so much that I thought he was a Phoenix native or something. It sure seems like Blaise and Houston had a thing going on back in the day. She plays all sorts of Houston Person like at least six tracks a night. Thanks to Blaise I've discovered Houston, and lots of new jazz vocalists.The blues shows on the weekend nights are really good too.I dig KJZZ. Wins hands down over the KYOT!
5	I judge new people in the Valley this way: "Hey, do you listen to NPR?"  If the response is, "Nah, dude, I've never heard of that." The conversation ends there.  I have neither the time nor the inclination to exchange trite banalities with the vapid scottsdale echelon.  I really can't do NPR enough justice in this brief space, so I'll just say that KJZZ does the valley a tremendous service with its broadcasting, which can be heard nearly up to Prescott.
5	NPR Rocks. It is like breakfast for your brain. They play jazz at night, pretty pedestrian jazz selection though. Who cares about the jazz though, NPR is great and everyone should listen to it as part of their daily routine. It is better than the rap crap you are likely bumping next to me as I listen to NPR....
5	I love this station. I can do without the excessive emotion, yelling, and loud promotion music they play on other stations like CNN, FOX, CNBC, ABC, etc.  And I like the wide variety of stories and shows they play on this station.  I don't really listen to the jazz part late at night though.  I almost wish they'd play shows through the night too.  But that's okay.
1	Wow! I can review NPR on yelp?! What a world! Anyways, one star for never having jazz on when I want to listen to it, and for having the most old, boring sounding geezers droning on a continual loop the rest of the day. I guess I'm not as enlightened as the rest of the leftists who worship this old man snooze fest.
5	Nice people, great environment. Went here for morning session and was feeling so comfortable with the music immediately. I love it!
3	NPR is only one of a number of feeds. Prior to Az I listened to Boston & NYC and Pacifica? KJZZ has never compared even in 1980. It was a great stationand I had not heard Garrison Kealer for 35 years.He needs to turn over the reigns. Jazz at 8 PM is both an extremely important and also uninspired program.The playlist needs to be expanded. Take 6 has more than one good recording. Some of the vocalists are played too much while many greats never get airtime.Car Talk might be moved to different days. The local portion of the station is sometimes irritating as wellas poorly set up. The fund drives are unending and there is endless mention of local commercial sponsors. There are many good programs and if they were popular enough I would prefer even moreBBC program , dropping some programs and adding some of the music that was dropped. Possibly a prescription service with monthly payments. I would not be getting Prairie Home Companion or Car Talk,both of which I have to think a very popular.The sponsors might be mentioned at the end of each hour. Similar to many feeds that list those creating that show.
