2	During my last trip in Vegas, we stopped at the Extra Lounge for some drinks since it was smack dab in the middle of the Planet Hollywood Casino.Basically, the service here isn't that great, and the drinks were not good at all.. Don't get me wrong, I don't mind paying Vegas prices for drinks, but not for shitty drinks... My friends and I ordered LC's, and usually we like them, but the ones here almost killed us. The only good thing about this place is that it's in the middle of the casino, so you can stop here for a drink real quick if walking around.
3	Fun to relax and have a drink, watch TV and talk, nothing more. I prefer to save the $ and play them on a nearby slot and just tip the CW $1, but thats just me.
3	By most measures, this is just another casino bar, but its location and high visibility make it a hotspot in spite of OTHER Planet Hollywood bars' advertising and designerly chic; right inside the doors from Las Vegas Blvd, adjacent to the poker room, and near the stairs for the Mezzanine, Extra Lounge probably sees more traffic than the other bars combined.Saturday nights here are decidedly raucous, with the high prospect of seeing the young mingled with new school celebrities; PH is still really new.  Sunday and Monday nights from 9-1, the extra bar serves as a karaoke spot.  And Karaoke is what it is... rarely good, but entertaining!Oh, and one of the most kick@ss Bloody Marys I've ever ever had at 3:15am... & 3:35am... 4:00... 4:10... 4:something... 5:ish...
4	My girlfriends and I made this bar our second home during last weekend's birthday rockstar happy time trip to Vegas.  Bartender Drew adored us and we attracted what we called the United Nations of Hotness both nights -- Swedes, Brits, and the ubiquitous American d-bag.It's not trendy, it's not hip, and the warbling singer dude tends to ruin whatever atmosphere there is.  But there's lots of seats and the slots and tables are just a few steps away.  I love you, Extra Lounge!The only thing wrong with this place are the drink prices.  I couldn't bear to look at the tabs, so I just charged it to my room.  And I still haven't looked at that bill...
4	Great little sports bar to lounge in and relax.  Plenty of flat screens everywhere with ESPN and all the games.  The bar tenders here are friendly and are heavy handed with their pours!I also have to say that I think PH has hottest cocktail waitresses in town!
3	This is an alright little spot. It's a wide open lounge area and definitely on the small side. But the cover bands / singers aren't too shabby and the waitresses are quick to take your order and bring your drinks. All in all, not a bad spot to hang out for a bit.
4	Whenever I see the Extra Lounge at Planet Hollywood, I always think about that stupid show and their theme song, "EXTRA EXTRA" but I guess it's a good location inside Planet Hollywood since it fits in with the fakeness of the Planet Hollywood theme. This is a great place to watch live bands play and mingle with the international crowd and the slot machines are just seconds away from the Extra lounge and not to far from the exit to the strip.
3	What kept me from voting the Extra Lounge lower is that it is great for people watching being near a hotel exit, has comfy modern seating, decent service, and great bands even if management keeps the band volume lower than I would like.  Otherwise, I would rather visit Yolos.  The bands we saw here on Friday and Saturday nights were great and covered a lot of different songs, but were hampered by the volume on the vocals being barely audible.  We told the waitress about this, and she advised how annoyed she was with this too, but said it was managements' decision to turn down the volume this low.  Even so, the venue could at least do a better job of audio balancing or get 3 man bands instead of 4-5.  There will be at least 1-2 tables that are really digging the music and sometimes a handful of people will dance while everyone else is talking among themselves.The waitress from both nights provided great service, easy on the eyes, and recognized me on the second night.  During the day, there's a handful of TVs that can show various sports games, and the staff are willing to change the channel to what the people want.
1	The "lounge" is pretty bad, if I could I would rate it zero stars. Waitress that helped us (the only reason I gave the "lounge" a star) was really nice, but this bar is way over priced. Paid $10 for a watered down vodka cranberry that I could've gotten for free just by gambling at the penny machines. Would not recommend this "lounge" to anyone, definitely will not return
4	Extra Lounge is the place you go to, to sit down, have a drink and enjoy listening to live music. I was here on a Monday night listening to Monroy (80's Cover Band), and for someone who enjoys more mainstream music, I enjoyed it. Waitresses were quick to get you your drinks and were also very friendly. Make sure to stop by here before you head out or why not spend your evening vibing to the 80's. Cheers!
