4	Here in the shadow of Superstition Mountain, you will find a museum of artifacts, history and folklore of the surrounding region, in central Arizona.  That's hot.  This area is believed to contain the richest gold mine in the world.  THAT'S hot.  It's called the Dutchman's Lost Mine.  The "Dutchman" was Jacob Waltz, who died in the late 1800's, supposedly without revealing the site of the mine.  Treasure hunters are still searching, to this day.  (Hint:  Weaver's Needle rock formation might point the way when the sun is in perfect position.)  The museum is open every day except Christmas.
4	I like this museum. My daughter and I both discovered so much history with just a quick tour.  I can't wait to come back and explore the rest of the area and the outside structures. The volunteers are enthusiastic and helpful.  The gift shop is well supplied with locally produced items.  I am happy to see that the Elvis Chapel and Barn from the Apacheland Studios are preserved here.
4	Nice little station on the way to the north mountain paths: the ladies at the desk were most helpful in helping me figure out what paths I should take for the day.  Usual gift shop cheesiness but this is unavoidable.  Nice little touch are the rustic desert buildings (church, jail, hammersmith, etc) which make nice pictures for the backdrop of the mountains.   There was a nice little $1.50 map shows all the trails.
3	Maybe it's just me but I found the Superstition Mountain Museum extremely boring. The chapel where Elvis filmed a movie was pretty interesting, but overall, it wasn't that interesting. Inside there was a TV and a fake Elvis statue in the front. On the walls were pictures that were filmed at Superstition Mountain, which was probably the most interesting thing of all. The museum itself you had to pay $2 for entry fee. The gift shop was nice.Would I tell someone to go there if you're in the area? Maybe. It depends if it's what you're into. We were trying to kill some time and this definitely helped kill time but it wasn't as much fun as everyone was making it out to be.
5	What a beautiful setting and quaint exhibits.  The volunteers are helpful and knowledgeable. The 20 stamp mill is so impressive and the Apacheland barn has some great memorabilia. I have been here several times and always enjoy their special events too. A "must stop" when in the area. Gift shop has cool stuff too!
