4	Swirly Q!!! A cute name and a great location make this yogurt spot fantastic!  My supervisor found a flyer with a coupon that benefited a student organization and advertised the grand opening of Swirly Q across the street from UNLV in the same center as Cafe Rio and the Post Office.  I have longed for a frozen yogurt place nearby for quite some time, hoping it would happen in the Student Union.  When we found out Swirly Q was opening, it became something to look forward to at the end of this excruciatingly long week for our office.We just got back and all I can say is HAPPINESS!!!  There are quite a few flavor choices, tons of toppings, friendly service, and the place is sparkling clean!  I think we will be making this a Friday tradition.Also, we were chanting "Swirly Q" on the way through the parking lot, and one of their crew handed us 3 $1 off coupons to use for next time, seemingly amused by our excitement.  It is just such a good name, as my supervisor has one of those old fashioned names like "Mary Ann" or "Tina Marie."
5	Super nice people, clean, and the yogurt selection is pretty varied. I had the New York cheesecake with caramel and m&m's. I'm impressed and SO glad there is a great frozen yogurt place on this side of town. Bring back the cake batter, though!!   ;)  Don't forget to "like" them on Facebook! I received a coupon!!
5	Elsie helped me pick out the perfect  desserts for me and my girlfriend what a nice clean and courteous operation.  Great staff and awesome hours. THANKS Swirly Q!!!!!
5	close to home.never too busy and awesomely priced! you gotta try the french toast flavor!
4	I really enjoy Swirly Q! Super close to home and UNLV campus. It is always clean when I go in there, and the staff is friendly. I like the flavor choices and topping choices are good as well. I like that I can give them my number and after so many purchases I can get free frozen yogurt.
5	I've been here twice in 3 days. The flavors are good, fruit toppings are fresh, and the service is good. I'll be back real soon.
3	I actually like the yogurt flavors. Specifically the french toast, watermelon and pistachio. Actually, the french toast is exactly why I come back. There is nothing like it.  However, the topping selection is too tightly packed and borderline boring. Whatever, not the end of the world I guess. The thing that bothers me most though is the dicey service. The frozen yogurt business must be a really tough racket because every time I visit one of these places the staff always seems so miserable. This place, for the most part, is no exception. Sometimes you're welcomed, sometimes sort-of-kind-of acknowledged, sometimes ignored. Oh yeah, I also asked the counter person if the watermelon is fat free (I have to assume it is, but the signage above the machine makes it hard to know for certain). She says it's not so I only have a small serving of it. On my way out of the store I see a giant poster promoting the watermelon flavor and of course it plainly states 'Fat Free'.    I find the lack of courtesy particularly odd given that the business seems to have little to do in the way of 'made to order' preparation and the pressure associated with it. The ease of food prep and clean up should leave lots of  time for exceptional service. Regardless, I'll go back. The french toast is too good not to.
2	When I walked in, I noticed the lay out was like any other standard yogurt shop. From how the yogurt machines were laid out to offering generic toppings that can make yogurt as unhealthy as ice cream. I asked Elsie for taster cups and she handed me 2 without a smile or any type of greeting. I sampled cheesecake and pistachio first and didn't want either. The cheesecake flavor was too sweet which made it taste artificial and the pistachio flavor was too tame for me. Next, I had caramel corn and chocolate. The caramel corn refreshingly matched the taste of real caramel corn without being overly sweet and the chocolate didn't taste like a true chocolate. I decided on the caramel corn with white chocolates chips; sliced almonds; granola. I noticed the chocolate chips had a white coating and asked Elsie about it. She said it was probably a bad batch but they were still good. They still looked unappetizing and it made me question how fresh their other toppings are.As my friend and I were sitting down she said there are dirty toe nails on the ground. I looked down and saw at least 5 dirty big nails. I was appalled and told Elsie, she said she literally just got here and has been busy ever since. Whatever the reason she should have apologized instead of giving excuses and gone right away to clean them up. Those toe nails looked like they had been there for days and the entire time we were there she never cleaned them up. It's too bad because I enjoyed my yogurt  enough to come back.
4	I love the frozen yogurt here! It's close to school and the flavors are great! The place is always clean and the price is the same as other frozen yougurt places so no surprise there! I recommend that you try the cake flavored frozen yogurt only thing I'd suggest is having a stamp card
3	This was a perfectly serviceable frozen yogurt joint.
