3	Food here is pretty good - tastes just like homemade meals and you definitely can't beat the price. For $5.99 you get a tasty lunch that fills you up nicely. I agree with the previous post, the owners are very friendly and courteous. Decor is definitely not anything to brag about - but that can be overlooked. The only BIG problem I have with this restaurant is the fact that they show soccer matches on their 2 televisions and they allow patrons to basically jump and scream (sometimes obscenities) all over the place turning it into a rowdy bar ambiance rather than a restaurant. If I wanted that type of environment I'd got to a sports bar - several times I've wanted to just have a quiet meal and that has been close to impossible. It's starting to turn me off from returning there altogether. My advice to the owners would be to take advantage of the ACTUAL bar area they do have (which is set aside from the dining area) and install the TV's there. That way there's at least a small buffer between the soccer fans and those that simply want to dine in peace. It baffles me that they don't already do that.  I probably would have given this place more stars had it not been for this "nuisance" .
3	I found the empanadas ridiculously small and overpriced. The service was pretty terrible and our order took 45 min. The food was decent. I later complained to the owner about my service and she was very kind and understanding. I just hope they hire a better staff and think about their prices. For the location and the lack of atmosphere they truly overcharge. I say go if you're in the area but don't go out of your way to check this place out.
2	Food is ok but ridiculously overpriced. I paid $11 for a "sancocho de gallina" during lunch hour - that is simply outrageous!! And I must agree the service is absolutely terrible. They take way too long to bring your food - they even take a very long time to bring you a menu. When my co-workers and I walked in today we basically waited a full 10 minutes to even be acknowledged (and there were only 2 other tables taken). Someone in my group had to actually get up grab some napkins and wipe our table as the 2 waitresses were simply ignoring us. Not sure what that was all about. I had not been to this restaurant in many, many months and now I remember why. NEVER going back there again. The food is simply ok (definitely NOT good enough to overlook everything else that is wrong with this place). If you want better Colombian food and GREAT service try Los Paisas (and no I have no affiliation to that restaurant - it's simply the truth)
