5	This is the only place in town that has snow cones and these are New Orleans style also - which I think are the best! This place is in the shell gas station parking lot at the northwest corner of Horizon Ridge and Arroyo Grande. The prices are reasonable and are a great treat while it's 100+ degrees outside!
5	Kid that works there is great. They have something there to make everyone's snow cone the toot de la toot of snowcones. I got the $4 King of Cones (I just made that name up) = Large single flavored with Ice cream at the bottom. They have a small for like $2 which might have been plenty since the large was rather large.BRING CASH!!! The chump gas station host doesn't do cash back so I had to use the ATM machine which cost me $2.99 on their end and $2 on my bank side. Nonetheless we still tipped the kid $4 for the cones because it was a great experience. I signed up for this yelp site just to tell everyone about it.
5	Who would ever imagine that sugary flavored ice could be so good. There is just something so relaxing, calming and yet so excitable to enjoy one of  the many different flavored snow cones offered from The Purple Penguin. For a while now I had been driving past the well decorated Purple Penguin trailer and noticed that it always seemed to have a line of people awaiting their delectable icy treats.  Curiosity finally got the better of me.  After all, how can a snow cone cause this kind of draw.  Well, to my surprise the goodness contained in the ice was addictingly scrumptious.  Unfortunately I discovered the place towards the end of the snow cone season, as The Purple Penguin closes for winter at the end of August until April.  The season end is the only drawback of the Purple Penguin Snowcone Shack.
4	Super yummy snow cones in my neighborhood....and I happened to go on the last day they are open until April!Lots of flavor choices, plus you can add cream (condensed milk) or ice cream.Small, medium, large, all under $3.50!  I got a medium coconut-margarita-daquiri with cream and it was sooo yummy.  The service was excellent too!!!!  A fun place!
5	These frozen treats are AMAZING! It is the ice! The ice is not crunchy or granular at all it is smooth and perfect...no comparison to a regular sno cone or a hawaiian shave ice...its much better!!! I mean zillions and trillions times better!! I try and have one every day because they are that GOOD! The flavors are amazing too. My favorite way is with a scoop of ice cream on the bottom and sometimes cream on the top....its delicious!They are only here 6 months so get while the getting is good!! You will love it!
5	Finally got an early jump on The Penguin this year. Just redeemed my frequent buyer card for my free Large Snowcone.  The purple Penguin is snowballing (pun intended) in popularity. If you happen to drive by with little or no line, take every opportunity to seize that moment to grab your cone. Otherwise expect to wait in line a bit, but never fear the wait will payoff huge dividends. I expect The penguin to give away many large Snowcones this year as the faithful customers continue to redeem their cards.Found my new flavor combo: Margarita/Mango
5	Warning these snowcones are addicting. (can you tell by all the check-ins Ive had?) Snowcones made here are like fresh fallen powdery snow I kid you not. Every spoonful of icy goodness is full of flavor from start to finish! The friendly peeps at the PPSS know their stuff.  If you see a long line dont fret, just sweat it out, it's worth the wait. (and really the wait isnt that long)
5	The Pickle Juice with the Margarita flavors goes well together.Try the red velvet! ...And dont forget to get a punch card. Buy 9 (any size) and you get a LARGE one for FREE!
4	Excellent ice texture and flavors, but the condensed milk is not quite right.  It was thin and runny.  Can't figure out if it is a cheap brand or watered down.  In New Orleans they use Eagle Brand condensed milk and it is excellent!
4	Took the kids here on a recommendation. Waited in line for 45 minutes. Snow cones were inhaled by the kids. The service was very friendly. For a unique treat, add cream to your flavor. Overall, it was really good but would not wait 45 minutes again.
5	First time visit today.  Had the watermelon with coconut and cream....so yummy!  If I had to explain the texture, I'd say it's between the texture of your typical snowcone ice and a slurpee.  The people were friendly.  Had to wait about 20 minutes but they had umbrellas for people to use.  I will definitely come back, especially in this Las Vegas heat!!!
5	I don't have enough nice things to say about Purple Penguin. We try to go in the middle of the week so the wait isn't as long but even when there is a line - it's totally worth it.My favorite is the blue bubble gum. Oh wait... cherry and watermelon... nope... green apple?Heck, I like them all and have been bugging my daughter to try the pickle juice but she's not been brave enough yet.The service is always super friendly and this season they have umbrellas for people to use to shade themselves while waiting in the sun.I will reiterate what others have mentioned... BRING CASH.
4	Last night my bf and I were driving over to costco and on our way home. He wanted to try this place called the purple penguin. Wowee the line for this place was super long. Long lines= delicious food. When it was finally our turn to order we had the cake batter, sour apple, and pineapple. The apple and pineapple were okay but the cake batter was so sweet and delicious. What a refreshing treat to end the night with! The snow that they made was not as fine as Snow Ono, which was still fine. After I would put a spoonful into my mouth, I would try to suck the syrup out and let the ice melt in my mouth. By the time I was finished I had total brain freeze. Two thumbs up!
5	This was my first visit to the Purple Penguin and I am hooked! This was undoubtedly the best snow cone I have ever had! The have a huge selection of flavors to choose from and you can mix and match. I picked Blue Raspberry and Cherry and my husband had Banana and Cherry. Next time I will get all Banana it was so tasty. The ice is so soft and fluffy, no ice crystals. It is like perfectly fallen snow. The small is only $2 and it was plenty for me since it is very sweet. Totally worth the wait, don't give up if there is a line. We waited over 20 min and I would do it again and again! They say they close at 8p, but we got there at 7:50p and there were about 20 people ahead of us in line and by 8:20, still that many in line behind us - so I guess they keep serving past the "closing" time. If you like snow cones, or even if you don't, try it and you will love it!
4	Passed this place quite a few times - always a line. Have been trying to convince the hubby to join me for a late evening snack. Glad we didn't go too late as they close at 8, though we arrived a few minutes before and the line continued to grow behind us. I had the coconut mango with a .25 upcharge for cream. You can add ice cream for .50. It was yummy, smooth, cold and just sweet enough. Will return and wait in line for their treats. $2 small $2.50 medium $3 large Small is big!
4	We came to Purple Penguin at the advice of a bunch of friends from church. We happened to be in the area, and in need of dessert so we stopped at the snow cone shack. I had already prepared myself mentally for the possibility of a wait, and there was definitely a wait- nearly 40 minutes! This is one of the reason that I didn't give it 5 stars. We had the kiddos with us, and the got pretty restless. HOWEVER- I will say that it was absolutely worth the wait! The Purple Penguin has a great selection of off-the-wall flavors like mojito, fuzzy navel, pickle juice and red velvet cake. The also provide a sugar-free selection for the sugar conscience residents here in the valley. The "snow" is actually produced by a snow-ball machine, and it super smooth. None of the crunchy ice you get at a typical snow cone stand! You can combine flavors and even top off your snow cone with cream or ICE CREAM! I went with the sugar free red-velvet, and topped the medium sized snow cone off with cream. It was heaven on ice! Much Love to the Purple Penguin. We will be back :)
4	OK, this is a great place to go.  I will be back for sure!  Just coming back from Hawaii and have the best "ono" shaved ice, I would say that this place in terms of taste and enjoyment is not shabby at all.1.  Parking - This place is in a Shell station lot, so parking is what it is. Not a lot.2.  Lines - The lines to get this stuff is long, and the process that they use to make it is not the most efficient, so the line is slow. Be prepared to wait and if it is very hot, well, you will have your wonderful shave ice soon.3.  Service - All the staff is very nice. They will explain the odd flavors like Hurricane and the Pickle flavor.... Very odd, but hey,  you gotta try it.4.  Price - Great pricing and all the right add on.5.  Taste - Not bad at all. I like how they will pack the flavor into the first layer and then add more ice and add more flavor on top.  The process they use to make this, seems to have too many steps and too mechanical, which leads to longer time to make the shaved ice.  If they have practice, they can make it faster and get the line moving and increase sales for sure.GK says check this place out. Unique, fun great tasting.  No where to sit, no where to stand, and yet the best things in life are not the things, so don't focus on what is not there.  You just get over there and enjoy!
5	First visit on 8-25-11 really good snowcone/shaved ice whatever you wanna call it!!! a bit of a long line but hey it was refreshing!!!! Wanna go back for more!!!
5	Okay so when was the last time it was 114 degrees out and you were in your car wishing your AC was just a tad colder and you couldn't stop thinking that you would like an ice cold treat. Well take a drive down Horizon Ridge and it will be a like a mirage in the Sahara, no your eyes don't deceive you, that is a Smiling purple penguin and it looks like there is a line from sea world waiting to check it out. After hearing more than enough good things about this place I was beginning to think they gave out twenties with each purchase because these people talk about it like they are getting paid to advertise, and there is no way that this place is that good, come on it is shaved ice and sugar flavoring....Right.... Wrong!! It has to be one of the best cones of snow you have ever eaten, they have flavors from pina colada to red velvet even Horchata... Yes the parking is tough because it is at a gas station and the line is long but come on folks, we will wait in line for our dudes at the slider truck and why is that.... Because they are delicious and anything worth putting in your mouth is worth waiting for so why not wait in line for the penguin.All in all I give two cones up to the PPSS.. see you next season buddy
5	I don't think you'll find a better snow cone place in town! I only wish they were open year-around!! The employees are so nice and they always smile. I love that they supply umbrella's for the killer heat in July and August. You will never be disappointed with an older but goodie...........sour apple :)
5	PPSS is back with a shiny new shack! Same flavorful snowcones! Same friendly & efficient service! ..and now they have 2 snowcone machines going plus additional staff.  So dont let the long lines fool ya...average wait time for us (from 50 people deep) is about 17 minutes.
5	YES!  I'll be back....The first time I saw a line at this place was on tax day and I just thought they were giving out free stuff...then the next day, same thing and the day after - again. And then the following week, the same thing.So now I was definitely curious and needed to find out what the hype was over this Purple Shack at the Shell gas station. Needless to say, I checked Yelp to see if there was any info and behold my curiosity just grew tenfold.  I needed one of these!I had errands to run this afternoon, and since the post office is down the street I made up my mind that I was going to make the jump...And yes, there was a line, but not as long as other times, so I went and stood and waited all by my lonesome.  I have to admit, there were about three times that I contemplated leaving and just coming back at night when the sun wasn't pounding down (it was definitely hot) but I was so close...I decided to wait it out.Ordered me a small cheesecake ($2) with ice cream ($.75)I watched as all the colorful orders came out before mine and then my turn.  Such a sad looking snowcone - there was absolutely no color and looked like a cup full of ice..I wondered if I made the wrong choice in flavor.I was so wrong!  The flavor oozed through with each lick and spoonful.  The ice is so soft and the small was good enough for both me and my hubby who I shared with once I got home.  Our two other roommates just had to listen to us enjoy this wonderful treat...LOL.  I'll definitely be back tonight and this time with three more curious souls.  :)I'm so glad they are just down the street from us and not across town.  Never thought I'd ever be in love with a snowcone!
4	I would give it five, but the wait!! Every time I go there I swear I won't come back, because of the 30min wait...but it is so worth it.The prices are just right.The flavors are great.The service is nice.I love my rewards card!Time to but a faster bigger machine purple penguin dude!!
5	Awesome!!!!! U have get the ice-cream in the bottom!! It's only 50cents extra!!! Very very worth it!!! Hurry because I heard this place closes every years winter time.. But not very sure in which date..
3	Aint no Sno Ono that's fo sho.  You get to pick 3 flavors regardless of the size.S - $2M - $3L - $3.75Add Cream  - $.50Add ice cream - $.75It's super close to my home.  There are many flavors, but not as many as Sno Ono.  The ice was soft, but not as soft as Sno Ono.  If I crave for shaved ice and can't make it out to get some Sno Ono, I would drop by Purple Penguin.  And yes, staff are friendly.  They also have a punch card where you buy nine snowcones, you get a large snowcone free.  That's quite an incentive.
2	'O' no, I've heard of this type of place before, shaved ice with flavored syrup.I'm no shaved ice connoisseur but the texture of the ice is what differentiates these places from one another. Purp Penguin's ice has the texture of mini ice chips which has a rough texture. I prefer the ice that is smooth in your mouth somewhat feels like ice cream. They call this a snowcone shack but where is the cone? The ice is served in a Styrofoam cup which I guess is appropriate for the "Shack" theme. I heard lines get pretty long here but I've had better. If you park Sno Ono beside the shack, Sno Ono would probably have the longer line.
5	I am a real regular here! I know all the employees and they know my name and order by heart! I get at least one large or penguin size every day! My favorite is coconut and vanilla, which sounds weird but it's AMAZING! Thank God for this truck! It puts a smile on my face and gives me something to look forward to each afternoon :)Great employees, great favors and generous portions for the price! Just Awesome!!!!
4	Neighborhood Snow Cone Shack !!  It can be a long wait but well worth the it !!
4	I love this place because its simple, cheap, and delish. I love the variety of flavors they have. I go at least twice a week. I gave them 4 stars, because I prefer the snow cone place I go to in TX... but def my favorite in NV. :)
2	I can't believe alloif these good reviews. Have u guys never had Shave Ice before?    This was horrible. There was 6 of us total. All different flavors. They put lots of syrup on it but their syrup is too watered down. I couldn't taste anything but ice. I am glad I paid extra for the vanilla ice cream in the bottom or it would of been a complete waste. The ice is shaved nicely but no flavor.  I mean nothing. Also they are real slow.
3	I was really disappointed because I really wanted the guy with the bad review to be wrong.  I got the rootbeer and vanilla.  It tasted faintly like a rootbeer float, but all the syrup was at the bottom of the cup.  There were several times I got huge chunks of ice and all I could think about was the review saying that.  The small was 2 bucks with a 75 cent increase for ice cream at the bottom.  My daughter got the cotton candy and birthday cake.  The cotton candy overpowered the birthday cake, to the extent I could not taste the birthday cake.  I will say the cotton candy did taste like cotton candy and made me jealous I didn't get cotton candy instead of rootbeer.  She got ice cream at the bottom and it was really good.  It did not melt even though it was 110 outside.  I will give them another shot, but I will likely try some other sno shacks too.
4	this place was a real pain in the ass to find, so look for the speedee mart at the corner of the intersection.  it's a small purple truck near the gas station.  it's not hawaiian shaved ice, and its not your typical snow cone from the carnival.. but it's actually really delicious!  the snow is mainly fine with a few crystals of ice and the flavor (no plural, i only got one flavor ]: ) tastes like how it should (vanilla) without any extra sugar that other places have.  i got a small vanilla snow cone with CREAM (YUM YUM YUM!) on top for $2.50.  the size is alright, it is a small foam cup which was surprisingly more than enough for me.  the flavor was dispersed through the cup evenly so you never eat a plain spoonful of snow.  you can choose three flavors without getting charged extra but i didn't read that part until after i ordered.  getting cream or ice cream costs an extra few cents.  there is a charge for credit card, so bring cash!  standing outside in the sun while they made it kind of sucked but it was worth it for such a tasty treat.  this place is seasonal.. which is a shame because i love to eat snow cones/shaved ice year round!  anyways, this is a place that i would definitely come to again if i were ever in the neighborhood.
4	We dont make it to this side of town too often but when we do we try to stop in for a quick snowcone snack.  We do like it better with the ice cream added to it but either way its still good.
5	This IS NOT shaved ice!  This is a regular outing for our family during summer.  When this closes in the end of September, it is a very sad time.
5	Love love love this place! Their frozen ice is the best. You MUST try it with ice cream because it makes it 100x better. There's so many flavors to choose from and you can get up 3 different flavors. It's also so cheap for this flavory goodness. A small is only $2 (2.74 w/ ice cream) and the other sizes are just as cheap. If you don't have cash you can use a card they just charge you 50 cents more which to me isn't a biggie. When I went this time there was a long wait as always. That's the only bad thing if you go during a busy hour (I went right after kids got out of school) you will have to wait at least a half hour. It'd be nice if they had more staff. But its so good that I will wait in line every time. I got strawberry, peach and mango with vanilla ice cream. So good and fruity-definitely worth the wait!
4	My buddy Wes has been raving about this place for a while.  I've never been a huge snowcone person so I didn't really see the big deal.  On the way home from a Beerfest we ended up stopping and I couldn't believe the line.  Not only was there a line but there were multiple couples that were dressed up for Prom.  And they were stopped at a snowcone shack?  Yes, they were!This place is no joke and was one of the best, if not the best, snowcones I've ever had.  I can't quite remember the combination of flavors I got (see beerfest) but I know that the Tiger's Blood was in there somewhere.  There was just something about the flavor and the cream they used that made this snowcone amazing!  I'm glad I finally stopped in and even happier that I live less than 5 minutes away.
4	Satisfies the snowcone craving but more like flavored ice chips. Reasonably priced and good serving sizes but would rather have shaved ice.
2	Gotta bump it down a star...I wanted Shave Ice the past Sunday because I have been craving for it ever since we left Maui some days ago.  However, Purple penguin did not satisfy me one bit.First, they gave me the wrong flavor.  I asked for Tiger's blood, leche, and mango.  The order taker wrote down TB/LE/MA.When I got my cup of ice, it became Tiger's blood, pink lemonade, and mango.  So, we had to wait for them to redo it.  Was it worth it...Heck No!It's as if they had preshaved the ice and just scoop it into a cup as it is ordered.  There were chunks of ice.No bueno.  Not returning, ever again.  Why?  There are much better shave ice shacks out here in my area.  Just had Beach Bums today and is more of the Hawaiian shave ice consistency that I was looking for.
4	Best snow cone I've had here in town. The only thing that keeps it from another star is the wait the usually comes with each visit. Good sign for the business, but it sucks in the middle of a summer day when the sun is beating down on you
4	This place was pretty good.  They have lots of flavor options and offer friendly service.  The lines tend to get really long, especially at obvious times like after school lets out on the weekdays.  We went on a Monday evening and, although the line wasn't that long, we waited FOR. EVER.  They accept credit cards but they do charge to use them.  They have a punch card - 9 snow cones and get one free.  I like that they'll ask you if you have one or, if not, if you want one.  Some places don't even tell you about them... I haven't tried all the snowcone/ice places in the area, and Beach Bums  is a lot closer to me, so I'm not sure how soon I'll be back.
5	Love this place. I am not a snow cone fan, but is far superior to  the other trailers in the neighborhood. selling snow cones.  It is all about the ice and syrup. They even have sugar free, The line can be long but goes quickly. The kids who work there are all friendly, energetic, and helpful. One kid Garrett is so cool you would think he has been in business for 20 years.
5	This little shack is definitely a gem in the desert of Henderson. Anyone who has lived here for over a year knows how hot the Las Vegas sun can get, and these snow cones offer the perfect relief. There have to be at least 30+ flavors to choose from and you are able to choose up to three flavors on each cone without any extra charge. They have some of the normal flavorings you'd expect to see, like orange and blue raspberry, as well as some for the more adventurous out there, like pickle juice and Tiger's Blood. There are also sugar-free options available, but they are changed every week and announced via their Facebook page. For a few extra quarters, you can also choose to add a scoop of ice cream or some cream drizzled on top. The sizes are also in very generous portions with plenty of snow stacked on top.The staff is always friendly and makes it an overall enjoyable outing. If you live in the area, it's also worth it to pick up one of their punch cards. It isn't open all year around, but that just allows you to savor the experience.
5	We LOVE this place! We travel across town just to go to The Shack for our dessert. My favorite is the Black Cherry with cream AND ice cream. The kids usually go crazy with blue bubblegum/rootbeer mixes. And my husband usually goes Black Cherry with cream. Great place with reasonable prices and umbrellas to keep you out of the sun while you wait in line (which does get longer every year).
5	July, 2013. My daughter and I will drive to LV to get it EVERYTIME!...  I'm normally a big fan of "shaved snow" here in LA, but PPenguin's shaved ice can match it well!!  Definitely add the ice cream to your shave ice!! See you next month!!
1	I'm honestly SO sad that this place has such great reviews cause I was really disappointed! I came here on a Saturday afternoon and it wasn't too busy. I was really surprised to see that Purple Penguin was literally a purple shack. This place is cheap but you do have to remember all you are getting is ice and sugar. I ordered a medium ($3) and got pineapple, coconut, and mango and was really disappointed! I couldn't even tell the difference between the mango and pineapple  Sorry Purple Penguin but this Asian penguin won't be returning.
4	we decided to see what al the hubbub was about with shaved ice. I have never had it before.We took the kids of course, they will never say no to dessert. First thing we noticed was the long line. Always a good sign.The menu board was HUGE so many choices. Really funky ones too like pickle juice.I had the tiger's blood with a scoop of vanilla which was very good. The snowcone itself was very sweet. I liked the texture though. The kids enjoyed everything and had sticky hands, blue and red tongues, and huge smiles.Its a great value too, $2 for a small which is plenty. I don't know how someone can eat one of the huge ones without it melting all over and making a mess.
5	I heard the good things about Purple Penguin, and I wondered how a snowcone could be that good, but it really was.  We went to Purple Penguin on a Monday about 12:30 or so.  They already had the "velvet rope" set up for the line, but there pretty much wasn't a line when we arrived.  2 people in front of us, we probably waited 5 minutes from the time we walked up to the window to when we got the snowcones.  I had a strawberry daiquiri.  I liked how they did the syrup, basically half and half instead of just all mixed together.  Also, the syrup completely permeated the entire snowcone.  I've eaten other snowcones were the top is mostly ice, but not this one.  The flavor was throughout and it was good.  The ice was shaved very fine, it had a slushy like consistency from the beginning.  I read the reviews about waiting a half hour for a snowcone.  I don't know that I would do that in the Vegas heat, but it certainly was an excellent snowcone and I can see why it's so popular.  We will return.
2	We always used to stop here whenever we were reasonably nearby (it is a 30-minute trip) despite waiting in long lines in the heat because it was worth it. Yes, the service was always a bit uneven but the Class of 2013 summer crew = absolute disaster. I understand it's hard to find people willing to work in a trailer for minimum wage for a couple months but the applicant pool must have been incredibly small this year. One girl working there during our most recent visit had to remake 3 orders ahead of ours. The dessert is still excellent but the customer service will probably have us sitting this summer out and hoping they have better luck next year. I'm sure they'll get things straightened out by then. I don't think we are the only ones who've noticed because the crowd was much smaller than in previous years.
5	Yum! Another day in the desert heat, but today with a refreshing and tasty twist. I heard about The Purple Penguin sometime ago and couldn't wait to try it. Today my son and I had our chance and already are trying to figure out when we should make our way back! One vanilla ice cream topped with a triple flavor snow-cone: Sour Apple, TuttiFruitti & Bubblegum and one vanilla ice cream topped with a margarita flavored snow-cone with whip topping :D We Heart The Purple Penguin!
5	Best snow-cones. All in the texture. Price is really good compared to others also.
5	When I think of snowcone, I think of that rainbow ice treat that you get from an icecream truck. You know, the typical paper cone cup with a mound of rounded ice which is literally just coarsely blended ice doused in sugary syrups. Purple Penguin was a shocker for me. I have never had a snowcone more moist and snow-like. My boyfriend swears by that place & knew just the place when I stated my cravings. Best part of this place is that they served Fuzzy Naval flavored snow cones. UH-MAAAZING!
5	Love this place! Great snowcones served by damn sexy guys!! I just waited in line for 1 hour 15 min. Worth every single second.
5	Purple Penguin is the best place to grab a treat in the desert, hands down. All kinds of concoctions are possible which leaves so much to the imagination. Lines can get a little long in 115+ degree temps but it is sooo worth it! If I could give 10 stars I would.....You need to visit this place if you haven't already!
4	The snow cones here are absolutely amazing! Especially during the summer. 4/5 Mainly because if the long lines. Other than that it's great!
5	A winning business model with a superior product, PPSC is an obvious winner during the hot days in Vegas. Fuffy-soft sno-cones come in all kinds of flavors, including Tiger's Blood (fruit punch with coconut). A scoop of ice cream at the bottom can be a nice variation in any of their four sizes and I happily paid the 50 cent fee for swiping my card.There is a place just like this called Jerry's Sno Cones in Memphis, TN, so I obviously couldn't pass up an opportunity to check out PPSC on a recent trip to Vegas. If you are in the area for fun, make it a sweet double-feature with a tour/tasting at Ella M Chocolates too. Happiness in a styrofoam cup!
5	The PP is the closest 5 star establishment to my house bar noneBut for some reason I had a strong dislike for The small penguin stack posted up at the gas station Ive pasted by it hundreds of times with a scowl... WhyMaybe it was the thousands of people who flock toIt like wild animals at a watering hole on the Serengeti Maybe I can't stand that the average age of the cliental Is 15 Or maybe just maybe I can't stand to wait in lineFor anything But this year the penguin was brought to Me unexpectedly so I had to try itLet just say I will be one of those fat hippos at the watering hole This summer
5	I live 5 minutes away from this establishment and every time I pass by there is always a line.  I always thought, "what is the big deal about a snowcone?".  It is just ice with sugar.  Last night I was going to the gas station but I saw there wasn't a line at the Purple Penguin for once.   I had to find out what the big deal was.   I walked over and although they were supposed to be closed they actually served me, which was really nice.  I got the mango with pina colada and I got my boyfriend the birthday cake with ice cream.  As I was waiting I spoke to the owner and the staff who were super friendly.  I got my snowcones and I now I understand.  This is not the ordinary snowcone.  It was beyond delicious and very refreshing.  Whatever flavors you get, you will taste.  I will definitely return to this place.  The customer service is exceptional and the snowcones are wonderful.  On a hot summer day you have to come to this place, you will not regret it!
5	I have heard of this place and finally got there yesterday. WOW!! I LOVE IT!! It was in the nineties and needed  a refresher. Had the rootbeer and pina colada with ice cream. My friend had the grape and watermelon with ice cream. The grape was pretty sweet BUT it did not get thrown away. HA! Want to go back SOON.
3	I am giving the purple penguin three stars for a couple of reasons. But first, we will start with the snow cones. I got a large black berry cheese cake snow cone with ice cream. My eyes were way bigger than my stomach and I didn't finish the entire thing, but it was delicious! I had a few larger ice chunks in my snow cone , which I wasn't expecting . Honestly it should be down to a science by now considering you have been open for how many years? Anyways I was with two other people and we waited in line forever I don't know exactly how their whole setup works but there were 3 people behind us that got their orders first. We ended up asking about it and the employee was kind of rude. I get it, you work in a snow cone shack but it's all about good customer service. I think that if our question had been answered in a different tone I would have given it 4 stars. Again the first star was deducted due to the line. With this being said pretty good snow cone. I'll go back next time a little earlier to avoid the teeny bopppers ;)
3	I don't eat snowcones. I probably haven't had one for over 5 years. When running errands all day in the heat and stopping to get gas at the gas station, we bit the bullet and grabbed one. I figured they must be good as their is always a line up.  They were definitely refreshing and good for cooling down. I don't have anything negative to say but I am just not a snow cone kind of guy. I can see where kids would love to get thesesnowcones on a regular basis during hot days. They had alot of flavor added and were not just a cup of ice.
5	Only downside of this place is the line but thats because it is well deserved since this place is so fantastic.
5	The price is about the same as any other snow cone place I've been, BUT the snow come itself was AMAZING! I had no large ice chunks as can sometimes happen at other locations. You can also get blue bell ice cream in the center of your snow cone! The line wasn't too long when we arrived. Our wait for our snow cones was super short as well. Highly recommend.
5	The BEST snowcone you will ever have!! We have been frequenting PP for a few years now and we still LOVE it. If you have to wait, it is well worth it. I always get cotton candy and tigers blood and it always tastes the same, PERFECT! They do allow you to add Blue Bell ice cream to your snow cone and it makes it even better. Everyone that works there is super nice and friendly. The owner is one of the nicest guys you will meet and still slings the snow in the shack as well. Love this place!
4	Great friendly staff.  Awesome snack on these hot days especially for the kids.  I only dropped a start because they are a little heavy with the syrup.  The kids surely don't mind but I prefer a better ice / syrup ratio.
3	Purple penguin is a little food truck/stand in front of the corner gas station. The workers were friendly and they have a large selection of flavors.Positive: large portions for pretty good prices. They have 4 sizes and you can fill each with any combination of three flavors. I tried a combination of cherry and blue bubblegum and a separate pickle juice. Negative for me: the taste is pretty bland as it is just blended ice with flavoring. The pickle juice is sort of pickle juice only lighter on salt taste with a added sugary taste. I dumped both my cups after like 10% finished. Not too say it was bad but it wasn't quite the same as back east snow cones and maybe I just Haven't had them since I was a kid. Anyway if health concerns and calories are on your mind this is a nice treat for those hot days . But if not then I don't know why you would get some nice frozen yogurt , ice cream or some delicious gelato .
5	We have been hearing about the Penguin for a year and just never went. Made our first stop on Saturday and went back today (Monday) for more. Good service and a nice soft snow cone. They have lots of flavors to choose from. I guess our VIP card will fill up fast if we stick to this every other day schedule!
4	I would give it five stars if they had shade for the line and someplace to sit.  Love love love the red velvet with ice cream.
4	My grandchildren come each year to visit from New Jersey, home of Rita's and sno cones galore at the Jersey shore.  Going to the Purple Penquin is high on their to do list here.  That says it all.  Thanks!!
5	I have been going to purple penguin since their first summer 5 years ago & still wont go anywhere else.  PP has the best ice, flavors, AND customer service. They exceed in beating your expectations with great flavor & overall customer experience. Hurricane with cream is the beat combination and I hope to see this shack around for many years to come!
4	In Hawaii, having shave ice with the ice cream in the middle is a staple. Imagine my excitement when they start opening snowcone/shave ice shacks around the Vegas valley/Henderson. This place has become our favorite, and we've been visiting the Henderson location for a few Summers. This Summer they've began using BLUE BELL vanilla ice cream, making this sweet treat that much sweeter. The prices are affordable, the punch cards are helpful and if you're like us, you earn a free treat pretty quickly.  I always opt for the same flavors: banana, strawberry and pina colada. However, between the kids and the husband, we've tried almost every flavor on the menu, including their flavor specials. Every flavor has tasted great, and the ice is saturated with the syrup flavoring, avoiding that bare ice sad part of snowcones which sometimes occurs. Melt in your mouth ice, delightful flavors, and always friendly employees.COOL! (literally!)
4	LOVE the mango flavored snowcone. I get cream on top and it's sooo good. The ice is soft, and the mango flavor is amazing. Sometimes they don't put enough cream, and they charge extra so it's nice when they put alot since you're paying for it. Also, the lines are super long and during the summer it sucks. BUT I will def continue to go because I love it. PS get a stamp card! buy 9-10(not sure exactly) and get one free :)Oh yeah, and the people working there are always very friendly.
5	Perfect
5	I love how they offer a bigger cup so I don't have to have the mound of ice on top. The ice is super fine, not chunky like other places. I went the last Saturday of this season, and mine had so much plastic in it (from the ice bag maybe) that I couldn't eat it. I know mistakes happen and all other visits have been great so they still get my 5 stars. Bummed my last one of the season was ruined though :(
