3	The staff in the mens department failed to inform me of the 3 day sale that got me 20% off in the mens dept.So I went to the other Macys and returned the $600 worth of clothes and re-purchased it.  Saved the $120 and life goes on.
4	Love the clothes and the sales.
4	When there's a sale here, it's really fun to shop. I found some really cute things in the junior department on the second floor, that were marked down to $5 each! It was a tank top and a dress. There's a scanner nearby, to double check the price, which is really neat- just like Target. There's always coupons in the local paper, too- called a "savings pass". But it has to be a regular sale not a "special value"- gotta read the fine print, gotta read everything. Additonal savings when you use your Macy's credit card. One of my really good friends shopped here and loved the sales. The shoe department is a little small. The handbag department is good but there are few markdowns, if any, on Dooney & Bourke and Coach. There are markdowns on the other handbag brands. Sorry ladies, no MAC department here.
2	I'm a huge Macy's fan.  With that being said, this was one of the worst Macy's I've ever been to.  After working at a Macy's in the past, you get a good idea of where things should be, how things are grouped, etc, but I got so lost at this Macy's.  To make it worse, I could not find a directory that told me which department was on which floor. -___- The result? I had to go to all of them.  The staff wasn't very inviting either.  Not one of them made eye contact with me or asked me if I needed help.  Lest to say, I did not walk out with anything...a rarity when it comes to Macy's shopping for me.Overall, you may be better off going to the one on the strip inside Fashion Show Mall.  I can't imagine it getting any worse than this.
5	I love Macy's!
1	Horrible Customer Service, if you can call be ignored service.Also, not to customer service individuals, customers do not want to hear about the internal drama of your work situation.  Especially when they are there to sign up for a bridal registry, which would bring a lot of money to your store.  Just sayin'
2	I needed to exchange a gift my mom gave me so I looked around the clothing for something to replace it.First, when going to customer service I was standing there and the girl seemed like she was with a customer chatting and after a while of standing there it was pretty clear she was chatting with a friend. After a while she told him "let me help the customer"....uh, ya think? So unprofessional.  I didn't really find anything that perked my interest and feel that the selection at this Macy's isn't that great....there were whole sections of clothes I didn't even bother with because they weren't what I would consider even style (majority is just branded bullshit or things a 15year old would wear or old peoples clothing). I looked through not just clothes, but also scanned through bags  and jewelry, just anything so I can spend the store credit. I almost always find something at other locations. I guess I have to go to Fashion Show or wait til I'm back in California.
4	I have to up the stars! I didn't have great customer service last time in the clothing area, but this time received great, polite, and friendly service in the home department. One girl was helping me and the BF to check stock of a dutch oven I was considering. They didn't have a lot of the colors out since it was on clearance so she went to go check their warehouse stock and went to find me to let me know that she can order exactly what we want and have it shipped to our home for free. They were so sweet about looking up stuff and kept telling us don't settle if the right color makes us happy. I had a question about a sign for 40% off as it was right next to the Kitchen Aid mixers but was very vague so between the girl helping us and her manager they were able to work it out. So glad we asked! I almost didn't as I thought no way would a Kitchen Aid mixer ever go on mega sale and it probably means just the hand mixer sitting on the same table. They applied it to a mixer so I was sold and got the nicer, Architect series. Plus there was a rebate for a free attachment of a glass bowl or meat grinder so I'm getting a $60 grinder too! Then the ladies got us to open up a Macy's card so we saved 10% more off instantly then 20% gets skimmed off our cards balance for purchases made today and tomorrow. Oh, and I had a exchange to skim off another $90. So a Kitchen Aid mixer, a Martha Stewart 7qt dutch oven and Waterford Marquis crystal glass set and we were out only $150 instead of their $700 value. I have a buyers high right now. I am Queen Deals but this definitely one of the best things I've ever gotten on sale. I've waited for years to have a Dutch oven and a Architect and it paid off to wait! I might pass out.
4	The store isnt laid out well no signs to guide you to the escalators. The clothes are crammed in and you have to squeeze between aisles. Its not a comfortable shopping experience.Ok so why three stars? Because the customer service is top notch. I had such a problem the day before at Fashion Show and these guys (gal) put them to shame! Giving them a fourth star just for their help!Give them a try!
2	Oh my God I hate Macy's.I thought I should get that out of the way before you continue reading my review.Their clothes are just as cheap as what you would find at Forever 21, but at least Forever 21 charges the appropriate prices for what they sell.  Here, you can buy a cheap, poorly made shirt for 50 bucks.  Or, if you like, you can get a Lucky Brand shirt that Lucky Brand won't sell at their stores and pay 80 bucks for it.  The choice is yours!Whyyyyyy do I keep coming back here??Oh, yeah.  My family buys us stuff at Macy's all the time and sometimes I need to return it.If you're lucky, you can find decent deals on shoes and kitchen stuff.  That's all I've really noticed.For this Macy's in particular, the clothing areas are always chaotic messes and there is zero customer service.  The shoe department is cleaner, but they get easily overwhelmed as they are short-staffed.  The kitchen section is usually well-put together and easy to navigate and the customer service is the best here out of all the departments.The changing rooms are filled with crying babies that need their diapers changed and you have to fight with ladies to get a view of a purse you're not going to end up liking anyway.  What a mess.Two stars because I've bought a lot of kitchen things here.
1	Went here looking for something on a Wedding Registry and to have them take off some items we bought at a much cheaper price elsewhere.  The store was not laid out well and was not very clean and lots of the inventory was gone.  The lady that helped me wasn't very helpful at all - she said she couldn't take the items I already purchased off the registry and she only looked in back for the one item I was looking for - she didn't even check in nearby stores.  The Macy's Home store on Spring Mountain Road was much better.  I will never come here again.
1	Never shopping at this location ever again! I do not recommend visiting this store.I went in to look for a ring I found online. The first man I spoke to had no idea what I was taking about. (I even showed him the ring online on my phone so he could search for it!) He didn't even bother to search for it on the computer, he just casually looked through the glass display and after looking through about 3 cases said that he couldn't find it so that meant that they didn't have any left. What the heck!?I then began to look throughout ALL of the remaining cases looking for the ring since he barely even helped me at all. After looking around aimlessly for a while, I was finally asked again if I needed help. This time when I showed the worker the picture of the ring online she actually went ahead and looked for it on their computer (which they should have done in the first place!) ---I later found out that this woman was a manager when I called the store to complain about my experience.After she found that they in fact did not have the ring in stock, she turned me over to a different worker. Before she walked away she clearly said to both me and the worker that I would receive free shipping and 25% off. After she walked away I was given the 25% off, but then charged $10 for shipping. I had already wasted a lot of time in the store so I agreed to pay for shipping and requested for it to be sent to my house. I then *clearly* stated that I wanted a size 7 ring.She charged my card and I left the store, already disappointed in the service I received.I arrived home about an hour later and checked my email for a confirmation of the purchase they had done for me. Once I opened the email I saw that she had ignored what I told her about being a size 7 and needing the standard ring size. My order was for a ring size 8, which will not fit my finger. Macy's also has a policy where orders online can only be cancelled or changed within an hour of purchasing. I had to then deal with customer service in order to cancel the order for a ring that I no longer wanted due to the problems I had just to get the darn thing!
4	This is one of my favorite Macy's in town. They have a good selection in most of their departments, or at least the departments that I care about which is usually women's clothing, shoes and jewelry. They also have great clearance racks with plenty of variety. Customer service is ok, I just prefer to shop at my own leisure and when I need assurance that I have someone ready to help me and that's what I get here.
2	I went with my mother yesterday &; it was horrible! I went wanting to buy a purse which I did end up purchasing but first we get there and there's two lady's doing who knows what but they tell us that another young lady will be right with us so we respectful and patiently wait. So we notice another lady and we ask her if she could help and she said yes and when we asked to see a purse she couldn't unlock the rack! She struggled for a while until she went to ask the lady that was supposed to help us first the lady wasn't much help because she had her own customer so we waited and the when we asked why it was taking so long she said they keys were missing... We saw her look and look but finally 20 min later  the other lady finished with her customer and in 3 seconds she found the keys! SERIOUSLY?? The other lady didn't say anything and the young lady that was supposed to help us first took over and it went well from there. Overall I got what I wanted but after waiting for over 30 min just to make a purchase! I went in picked a purse and waited over 30 min.. It's ridiculous!
1	I wish it were possible to give no stars. I do not plan on going to this location again. My girlfriend and I were going out buying gifts for a baby shower. We were unsure if they carried diaper bags. We called ahead of time and some lady got on the phone and said yes it is on the 3rd floor. Needless to say, we go up there and no diaper bags in site. However we did find a few other things for the baby shower. The real reason for this rating is based upon the "customer service." I work in loss prevention for another store and have experience doing so. As we walked in, my girlfriend needed to use the restroom which was in an odd location on the 1st floor. As I waited for her to get out, I noticed that a female employee stared at me and proceeded to walk a good 50ft from behind the register to stand right behind me about 10ft away. I watched as she pretended to clean a rack of clothes. When my girlfriend walked out of the restroom we headed for the 3rd floor and I told her about the incident. She thought it was weird as well. Now up at the 3rd floor, we browsed around in the baby area. I felt someone staring at me and noticed that a gentlemen was half way across the area watching our every move like we were stealing our being suspicious. (Note that my girlfriend and I had no bags, purses, or baggy clothing whatsoever.) I told my girlfriend we are being watched again. She got upset but thought I was joking. As we made our way to the escalator, we passed the appliance area. The same gentlemen that was staring at me stood no more than 5ft away from us. We both had nothing in our hands. I looked in the clearance area of the appliances and the employee felt it necessary to walk right next to me, stand and pretend to look or count a display merchandise setup. My girlfriend stood array from me and watch the guy watch me. I felt extremely uncomfortable. I understand trying to prevent theft and being cautious, but I felt their loss prevention staff and employees were going too far. As my girlfriend and I were leaving, she even felt uncomfortable and was irritated at the actions and behaviors these employees were doing. Again, being apart of the loss prevention team, I understand how things work and what employees and customers do. But to make my shopping experience that uncomfortable was uncalled for. I hope this was merely an isolated incident and it doesn't happen to every customer who is a true paying customer.
1	Worst experience at a Macy's ever. It's as if they would not even take my money. Okay, I chose a watch that was on a display table, it was to be a gift. There was no one in sight in the jewelry area, so I brought it up to the second floor. The woman at the customer service register refused to allow me to make my purchase. She sent me back down to the jewelry area to make my purchase. I went back down to the third level, where one woman was working. Unfortunately, she was dealing with someone who was buying a watch that needed to be sized. Now, there was myself and another gentleman who wanted to purchase something and be done with it. The woman working on the watch called for assistance. After about five minutes someone came over to ring up my watch. I am just wondering, what if I wanted something from each of the three floors. Would I have to purchase linens in one floor, clothes on another, and jewelry on yet another? Really? Makes no sense. Never shopping here again.
