2	Mediocre Caesar saladTough sirloin
1	So. Not. Worth. It.Really, save your money and have someone fire up the grill. K/W needs to nut up on their restaus. They are SEEEERIOSLY lacking.
3	Well I never thought I would give a keg a 3 star, but here it is.  When I attended, the place was pretty buisy, but the service was still fairly reasonable.  The waitress I had was new and still in training, but she did a great job. I had ordered the NY peppercorn strip with fries.  While waiting for my food, I was treated to a bowl of homemade chips which were delicious, and then their standard bread ( which unfortunately I can't eat ).  The food was a little slow coming out, and when I did get it, my steak was a little over done, and not much peppercorn sauce, as far as flavor it was still good.I feel that it they still want to keep their higher prices, they can't let the quality slide.  But besides this experience I've always had good luck with the Kegs in the past so I would still recommend trying it.
5	Excellent surf and turf. You can always count on them to cook a steak properly. Lobster tails were also great. Good service. The bar is real nice out front to sit and have a drink while you wait for a table. Make sure you get reservations
3	Ah the Keg. Very nice atmosphere and service. I ordered a ceasar salad, sirloin steak and garlic mash. All very good but not really interesting. Expect to pay $30+ a person. You are paying for the service not the food. Fancy place for boring food.
4	The keg delivers a quality product at a steep price. But all in all once in a while it is worth it in my option because the overall experience here is excellent. Steak is always consistently good here and the French onion soup is to die for!
4	Impressive customer service and great classy atmosphere. Not to mention the amazing food. -1 star for being overpriced.
5	Amazing steak. (Don't recommend prime ribs.) If you love medium well, order medium here. If you love medium, order medium rare here. I found that they always over cooked the steak a little bit. But overall, most tender and juicy steak I've ever had in the region.
