2	So, I study at coffee shops a lot.  A whole lot.  I've gotten to the point that I feel that I'm getting a little uppity about what I expect in a caffeine shack that I'm going to be sitting, wholly immobile except for my eyes, for hours at a time.  Realistically, I can deal with blah service.  I can deal with less than amazing coffee.  I can even deal with a little bit of a mess.  But there are two things about this starbucks that absolutely drive me nuts.First off, the place constantly looks dirty.  And I mean dirty to the point that I'd prefer to not put my book bag down because I'm worried what it might come into contact with while it's down there.Secondly, the place has either the most powerful AC unit in AZ or it's completely possessed.  There are constant waves of hot, then cold, air that pass through this place.  You have to take your sweater on and then off again in the space of 5 minutes.  A deal breaker?  No.  Annoying as all get out?  Very much so.
3	Coffee is good , cashier nice but time in drive thru was way too long! 15 plus mins with only 4 cars ahead of me;( cashier comped my drink due to the wait time without me saying a word;)
2	Im not judging this on the coffee at all.. this 2 stars goes to how slow this place is. I was once in the drive-thru for 20min..  when we pulled up, they gave us the coffee for free.  Ever since it seems I average 10min per visit.  That's hella long. TIP:  If you are going in the mornings before work. DO NOT use the drive thru...  go inside, it's much faster.
1	Im so glad I can update my review of this place...Let me tell you all the past and what happened this past week.  My girlfriend and I always frequent Starbucks and this is one of the locations that she is a regular at.   Every day, if not twice a day, she comes here and will order a Venti Iced Caramel Macchiato, no ice (because she has sensitive teeth), skinny and mixed well.  What they do with no ice is that they add milk to fill it up.For almost 4 months now, she's never had a problem with that.  But this last week, after getting her coffee she noticed that her usual coffee was no $.75 more.  What??  When asking the girl behind the window to explain, she said that was for the few ounces of milk.  Last I checked, a gallon of milk was about $2.00.  So you're telling me for barely 3/4 of a cup, you are going to charge $.75?  WOW.She asked to speak to the manager, who you could tell loved being the manager of a Starbucks.. Oh the power.  She kindly mentioned that she was a regular customer and this is the first she's been charged for this. He rudely replied "well we have to charge for milk since you dont want ice.  Do you want your coffee or not?"  I wont say what i was thinking, but she did.. lol.  She said "Ill take my damn coffee and never be back here again!"  Seriously, every other Starbucks we visit and its probably 4 or 5 total,  have never charged to add milk.  In fact, she's such a regular that they usually start making her drink when she walks in.Was it worth it Starbucks on 43rd??  Get a new manager who actually is nice to the customers.  Im done.  NO wonder this place has horrible  reviews.
4	Driving 4 miles out of my way to go to THIS Starbucks. Why? Because THIS Starbucks is Larger, more table tops for homework, and open MUCH later than many of the Starbucks in the surrounding area.I believe this was some sort of old Fast Food restaurant before... you can tell because the bathrooms are totally.... crappy :)AND it is true what is written in some of the other reviews- this place spends a large fortune on the A/C... Brrrr! You can go sit in their outdoor area but there are misters out there and they will turn your pages all wavy. I say, bring a Northface and tough it out!
4	Ok people are way to hard on this Starbucks.  First off parking is tight but plenty of places to park if you don't mind walking some people still do this.  Be careful backing out of the spots on bias because people will cruise up to get in the drive thru line. The reason this Starbucks can be slow sometimes is this is the busiest one in Phoenix they compete with the one over at Shea & 101 (I hear they go back and forth so just remember if you go to the busiest starbucks in the state you might wait). I go in here or drive thru here at least 5 times a week.  So ASU west is really close you have your study buddy thing going on, the hospital Banner Thunderbird is just past ASU west so these hospital folks come in.  Then half the people at the gym I go to go in here which is just down the way in the strip mall. The baristas do turn over pretty quickly in here but Bri who works in the morning knows me from my voice when I drive thru at 4 something in the morning on my way to work.  The other older ladies who work in the morning here are always nice.  The afternoons are your highschool/college baristas mostly....definitely some hotties.  There is a beautiful blonde who always wears this punk rock rasta belt gorgeous blonde hair wow she is worth going in here just to dump your coffee out at the door lol. I have gone and waited and also been through really quickly but every one is nice and given how busy they are most of the time I get what I want a strong ass cup of over roasted coffee in a hurry so I can deal with my life. So if you go here please take the aforementioned statements into account.  Also you know why I get in and out of here so fast..? I'm not a pretentious a$$hole I get a venti pike place roast......you coffee hipsters with your "special orders" really jam up the jerks who have written all the negative reviews about a really nice Starbucks. Thanks for reading.
3	I have to say the Customer Service here is awesome...I love the drive through also...they are always so cheerful and kind
1	Let me start with 1 star is too much. THE WORST COFFEE SHOP IN THE WORLD.Subpar drinks. AWFUL customer service. Slow slow SLOW!!I've seen lobsters crawl faster than that place. I will drive 10 miles out of my way and still get my coffee before this place. AND it's dirty. So long..
1	The Starbucks app shows that this location is open until 11pm and that is why I went out of my way to come with a friend here. Only to find out that it actually closed at 10:30 (according to the barista). As we walked up to the counter, the barista rudely barks at me "What do you want?" I was in shock. We quickly ordered our beverages and weren't even given an opportunity to order 1 of the 2 pastries out. Even if I had wanted to waste my breath and complain, no one seemed to care about anything else other than cleaning up. Very disappointing service coming from a Starbucks location.
5	I'm surprised that this location hasn't gotten better reviews. I go to Starbucks EVERY DAY (ha! sometimes twice!). So I've been to many different locations around the valley. This one, by far, is the best.First of all, I've only had the best experiences as far as customer service. Even when I make outlandish requests, they're always super nice.But the most important reason is that it has a different atmosphere from the other ones. It's open and airy and spacious with lots of light, and good indoor and outdoor seating. I love the 4 person desk they have in the middle - very clean, minimalist, with blue globe hanging lights. This is where I come to do my work. I've tried other Starbucks locations, and it's just not the same - I can't really seem to get into being able to do work for long periods of time. Yet I keep searching for one that's similar.If any of you know of another location like this one, by all means, let me know!Update:  This location no longer has my favorite 4-person desk worksace. Boo!
5	Best place ever and super awesome people working there. Busiest bux in the valley so might be a wait, but deal with it...it's not fast food. And who stops to get coffee when you're running late? Tip your baristas!!!! No it's not built in. ;)
5	The people at this location are always nice and do a great job!  Thanks Starbucks!
3	I have a love-hate relationship with this Starbux. For a long time it was my absolute favorite place in the valley. To come and read, study, have coffee with a friend ... It is spacious, nice, great atmosphere. Then they started hiring some slow, pretentious morons and it all went down the drain. Lines at the register and drive thru were annoying beyond description. At the same time a lot of people started coming there and on weekends it is almost impossible to find an empty chair. On top of everything they crank up AC that you literally freeze if sit longer than 30 minutes. Well that's the bad. But it is still best place for casual coffee date in the area. It is never dull or boring and atmosphere is always uplifting enough.Update;The new stuck up management can suck it. I'm not pain in the ... about customer service usually, but when newly hired shift supervisor comes to a customer that comes every day (multiple times) for years and says if he leaves tea bag on the floor again (it happened maybe 2-3 times, better than on the tables I would say) she won't serve him again, then I have problem with that. It happened to a friend, I was present and the rudeness and attitude she gave was just disgusting. I'm writing a complaing for this one for sure!
4	Drive thru is always busy I prefer to go inside
5	Love he drive through. If you do go inside the staff is super rad. They are knowledgeable and very fast. This is defiantly a busy store, so everything is always fresh! Great study spot. Free WIFI.
3	I love this place!!!! However, one thing that I am starting to dislike is the hours! They close really early on weekdays, at 10:00pm...come on guys, this is a place that is mostly used for people to do work and to study and closing at 10 is too early...most of us can't study at home because is loud and we rely on places like this to go study and it closes at 10??? IS THERE ANY STARBUCKS AROUND THIS AREA THAT CLOSES AT LEAST AT MIDNIGHT??? Im pretty sure that college students like me understand my schedule and with work and school we have to study at this time.
1	5 stars for location! Woohoo! This is close by and convenient because it has a drive thru!  That is about where the stars stop! I have been tolerating the crappy customer service because of the convenient drive thru but today I decided that it just isnt worth it anymore.  The drive thru window opened and closed at least 5 times ...each time I could see my drink sitting there.  It looked sad and I am pretty sure I heard my iced vanilla latte calling out to me on the 4th and 5th try.  Finally a different person came to the window, no hello, no screw you....just a that'll be $4.86 (or whatever it was), I hand her the money, the window slams!  It opens again and finally she hands me my sad drink...no words.....I take my drink....WOW!  Never again!  I will go out of my way to the friendly Starbucks at Bell and 75th even though it is not nearly as convenient!  I am pretty sure "Starbucks" would be pissed if they saw you in action.
2	I've never reviewed a Starbucks previously because, to date,I haven't needed to.  They are fairly consistent in delivering quick friendly service.  My experience at this store forced a review.  I walked into a store with two ladies ordering a drink and snack.  The guy at the counter proceeded to chatter relentlessly with them allowing a large line to form while he made small talk completely oblivious to my 10 minute wait and the forming line.  I am typically patient and quickly moved on to placing my order.  He then messed up my order.  I patiently informed him of this.  He tried again, asking my name and then called me by the wrong name with no real concern about getting it right....J-A-M-E-S....sound it out, not too hard.  Got past this to await my order.....wrong size.  Asked the apathetic/indifferent drink maker and she asked if I had a receipt....really?, my receipt?  I kept thinking maybe I'm on that show "punked".  Sadly no such luck.  This was an all too real example of how not provide customer service.  It would have made a perfect training video for any company trying to show examples of bad service.
4	Great location. Really nice baristas
2	Disorganized! Service slow. Hot drinks were not hot.  This used to be one of the best Starbucks around. What happened?
3	Happy to report I have since been to this Starbucks (twice) and can say it has been a much better experience in the drive thru and inside. :)
5	~*After a girls lunch and shopping, you want a drive thru Starbucks!*~We drive up and I tell my mom my order literally, 3 times (grande java chip frappachino) and she's still like...a what? So when it's time to order she tries to say it but starts laughing.  We end up laughing really hard.  Finally she composes herself and manages to say "a granda". Which makes us laugh more.  The Starbucks girl adds in "a granda???" So funny.  Eventually I order my drink and then she gets an equally complicated drink (hot grande skinny toffee nut latte)!This place has down to earth employees and the girl that works when my mom goes in the morning always goes to extra mile!!Our drinks were perfectly crafted and we had no wait at all in the drive thru. I wish this was closer to my home/work but I usually go to the Starbucks on 24th st and camelback or 16th st and Bethany.  Both are decent but the drive thru on 16th can be hit or miss.
4	I've been to this Starbucks many times before and I know it switches on and off as being the busiest Starbucks in Arizona, probably because it's right next to ASU West. The staff is always very peppy and friendly. The only downside is that because it is one of the busiest, if you go at a peak time, you may end up waiting twenty minutes for your purchase.
1	This is not only the worst Starbucks in the Valley but easily the worst Starbucks I've been to anywhere in the world. Corporate really needs to get some good management into this location. It IS possible to be busy while still providing friendly customer service and accurate orders. This location routinely does neither.
2	I want to start off saying that I have never had bad service there. BUT.... the drinks are hit or miss and I usually hit the drive thru in the morning around 5:30 and it is slow. Like if there are 2 cars I will keep going kinda slow. I notice that they take every ones order first then start making drinks WHAT!! "Ain't nobody got time for that"
1	Stopped off at this location thinking I could walk in and get a real quick drink. Needless to say that didn't happen. I wouldn't have written this review just based on how long it took them to make my tall green tea latte, but I am writing this based on the fact that I had to wait for over 15 minutes for my drink and they served their "regulars" before me. I didn't see a VIP line there but apparently at this location they have an imaginary one. They served a gentleman who walked in after I had already placed my order and was waiting for 5 minutes. On top of that there were approx 5 people working at the time and only 1 girl was making the coffee, the rest were laughing and hugging and goofing around. Finally I asked how much longer and apparently they lost my cup with my order on it. If I didn't ask they wouldn't have even noticed that I hadn't received my drink yet. You'd think that because it was their fault they'd offer to comp my drink, but no. I work in the restaurant industry and this right here was just down right poor customer service. Don't know how corporate would feel about this.
4	My favorite Starbucks location.  Staff aways polite and friendly.  Clean with lots of space.  It's very convenient and easy to get in and out of parking lot.  Drive through gets me in and out in a hurry.
4	I usually do the drive thru and they are usually pretty fast even though they are packed crazy busy all the time.  I'd recommend the drive thru and not walking in as when I do go inside I feel I'm waiting longer then when I'm at the drive thru.It's expensive yeah, but what trendy coffee shop isn't over priced.  They all are, get over it.  If you don't like it then buy some Fry's coffee and make it yourself at home and quit your whining about the prices.
1	Everyone that was there is gone ad it's gone downhill. I feel bad for the customers that have to wait over 20 minutes in drive thru because there are not enough employees there. So sad.
2	This has been my favorite Starbucks location for a number of years. However, my recent visits have left me feeling frustrated and wondering why I ever liked it so much. This is mainly due to the customer service. This morning I went through the drive thru. My baked item had not been warmed, and the woman in the drive thru never gave my total. She took my card and I don't even think she made eye contact.The lines inside are forever long, no matter what time of day, and I've experienced baristas complaining about their jobs while people at waiting for drinks to be made. Great atmosphere, very poor customer service.
5	This is a very busy starbucks especially because of the drive thru, I've been going here for years but this is first time I'm leaving a review. Service has always been good and baristas pretty friendly, prompt and knowledgeable. AJ served me the other night and I have to say what a great guy and barista. He was so down to earth and professional at the same time. Kudos to AJ and his great customer service!!
4	Ranked 3 busiest Starbucks in AZ! Cut them some slack people!! Always busy all day! With some good customer service what else do you want?! Yes the only bad is they take pretty long for a drink when you go inside but drive thru is fast.
5	I go to this Starbucks all the time because it is so close to my house and let's face it I'm kinda addicted to their coffee! I usually go on my way to work (around 10am) and sometimes don't leave early enough and the line is particularly long so what do I do? I don't go! Because then that would just be my own fault if I went in and thought it was slow because hello! It's the morning at Starbucks, and this is the busiest one in the valley.That being said I think they do an amazing job! Most people there I encounter are very friendly and have great recommendations!
1	Honestly, the only reason I come to this location is because of how close it is to my house but I think I'll have to be finding a new location. My boyfriend and I waited 3 minutes at the order window after being told it would be just a moment, and then another 15 minutes to get our drinks with one vehicle at the pick up window in front of us. Once we got to the window, I got my tea and we had to wait an additional 3 minutes for our fizzio. No apologies for the wait. Unfortunately, I've found that this has become characteristic of this location. As far as the drinks go, my chai was good as usual, but we would not recommend the fizzio. It's not terrible but it does have a bad aftertaste. One star is because customer service really does make or break the experience, and this location seriously lacks quality service. I still love you though Starbucks!
2	I am a customer who goes to Starbucks EVERYDAY.  I have been doing this since I was 20 - so its been over 20 years.  I moved to Arizona 3 years ago and there are two Starbucks closest to my home, though I travel all over the state and experience various Starbucks.  This particular Starbucks gets the majority of my business.Sadly, the customer service here is horrible.  There is never a time you do not have to wait..either in the drive through or if you go inside.  I am not against a business being busy, thats good news for all of us in business. However, it is terribly frustrating when your standing in an endlessly long line and there are three employees gathered by the door that goes to the back room sipping coffee and talking about when they should take breaks, what they did last night, what happened with the boyfriend and how much they are frustrated with other co-workers and their manager....A customer behind me finally stepped in and said "do you work here?" which all three replied "yes.".  Then they went on talking.  The customer, who was an elderly lady, went on to say "are you not suppose to help us? Do you do something else here?" All three looked at her confused, then looked at each other and laughed out loud.This is my typical experience at this Starbucks.  There is a large amount of customers and a large amount of staff but the staff just don't seem to care about the length of the line and everyone who is waiting.  The customer service that historically Starbucks was known for has gone out the window and they have become the average business providing average service.  Which is unfortunate... I happen to coach people in training sessions and use to use Starbucks as an example - now I just can't do that.Here is the conversation I heard today while typing this... the person making the coffees at the front and the person who is supposed to make the coffee at the drive through stopped to discuss who was the slowest co-worker on the team.  They carried on for about 7 minutes about who they thought was the slowest and why they disliked working with those folks etc etc.  Meanwhile, no drinks were being made.I wish I could say that I won't go to Starbucks again.  My addiction, however, will not allow me to do that.  I am willing to drive the extra miles to a Starbucks that provides great customer service but I cannot give it up all together.I think Starbucks needs to go back to the basics and assure that the name they have made for themselves is saved before its too late.
1	We spent literally 30 minutes in the drive thru and the line wasn't even long. To top it off our drinks were wrong! The barista barely apologized for the wait. And didn't apologize ... Not too mention it's not the Starbucks way of doing things. We still had to pay!! Never going to that location again!
2	It's pretty straight forward. THEY ARE THE SLOWEST STARBUCKS ON THE PLANET!!  Good coffee as always, but it seems like a 20 min ordeal each time to get my iced coffee!!  PLEASE SPEED IT UP.
2	Drive through takes way too long.The staff is rude and unwelcoming.The amount of coffee you get for the price is terrible.There are so many better choices when it comes to coffee! I'm just glad I had a gift card because I wouldn't spend my own money at (this) Starbucks.
5	Never had a bad drink from this store. The drive thru can get a little long, but it's worth the wait.
2	Ugh this location is so frustrating. It's the only one on my long commute to work that's easy to get to. It's always busy but not for the right reasons. I can only speak for the drive thru but it seems as though there's only one person running the register and making the drinks. The other 5 employees are standing around. Guess that's why I never see the same person at the window for too long. They must hate being the only one who works and eventually quits. 3 times out of 5 my drink is wrong. For some reason they can't get a regular mocha and a white mocha straight. For me, Starbucks is a treat. I budget for one or two stops each month. So, I look forward to it. Unfortunately I haven't leaned I need to budget more time for it too because I can't usually wait for them to remake my drink. Terrible customer service too.
1	So I walked in today for a coffee. It wasn't that busy and there are 3 people working at the shop. I was  waiting to order but cashier was just looking at me. She didn't say hi or hello, can i help you? So I went ahead and ordered. I asked to leave a room for cream, it was full with no jacket. There was no raw sugars, cream and I have to come back and asked for it. He seemed to be busy and he gave me 2 packets of sugar and half empty cream. I have to share it with 3 other people. I told them first they gave me a full cup of coffee with no jacket, second there are no raw sugars and cream. He replied "we're out of everything". The unfriendly cashier just stared at me. You all need a lot work and need to improve customer service. This is unacceptable, all I want is 2 cups coffee and a pleasant star buck's people.
1	Used to be awesome.  Now it is horrible I would rather visit the one in the Fry's.
