3	I really like this spa, mostly because it's really close to my house and I have been going there for a few years now.  They changed owners so things are a little better now such as the look.  However they change girls a lot, once I get use to someone she's gone and there is someone new.  The only problem I really have with this place is they don't hear you.  You tell them what you want, and they just don't hear you, they do what they want.  I had a not so good experience with that today, not sure if I will be returning.
1	The atmosphere was was strained and the techs made no attempt to converse with clients.  There was only one young lady, I think that does the lashes, she was very nice.  My tech was terrible and I had the worst manicure with gel ever.  What a waste of money.  My polish is chipping and I only got them done on Friday. Don't go there, find another place. Very pushy trying to up sell.
1	I normally go to this place because it's very close to my house, but as of today I will never step foot in that place again.  The "owner" or who ever she is, by far is the nastiest person I have ever come in contact with.  I got a awful manicure today and I complained about it, I got the gel manicure and they tried fixing it by refiling my nails really? And when I complained about it the "owner" or who ever she is said just get rid of her to the girl that did my nails.  And I said excuse me you said get rid of me because she did a bad job?  She said yes just get rid of her, she looked at me and said you get your black african american butt out of my store and then called the police.  Not only was the person rude she was just right out nasty and I will never go back I paid 65 dollars for a banged up job that my 2 year old could have done a whole lot better.  I'm not prejudice and I really hope that all asians do not act like this person.  But today was a mistake and all she did was make it bad for herself.  I'm soo freaking up set right now.
5	I have been living in Charlotte for two months and am a woman who is very particular about my eyebrows. I took a chance with Elite nail and spa because they were very close to my apartment. WOW! Renee hooked me up. She did a great job on my eyebrows and I have been back twice since. Each time she has not dissappointed. As far as nail services, I do my own but I would definitly go here for their waxing services.
4	I was looking to get my nails done quickly after work so I could get home. I stopped in here on my way home from work. They have GEL for $20.00 which is awesome because the last place I went to in Mint Hill charged $25.00. Also, the girl I had was really sweet and took her time. She gave me 5 coats of the gel. It was only my second time getting gel nails done and I find it doesn't damage your nails like the acrylics do. The gels also last for about 2 weeks. This place did a great job and had me out in about 20-25 min. I'll be coming back here again for sure!
