4	Finally after watching for months the old Fry's is now El Rancho Market and it's finally open! The grand opening was huge! This place was monster packed, all lines were over 10 people deep. They had order takers at the fresh food counter because behind the counter, they were just buried. Debit/Credit card machines were down while the band outside played loudly. People were dancing in the parking lot which was nearly impossible to navigate! Crazy crazy! The red and green chile looked amazingly irresistible but alas I was unable to sample any, was just to crowed! Though tomorrow is a new day, or is today a new day? Anyway, going back for a more in depth taste, oh, and some of those awesome looking in-store made tortillas!!
4	This place is down the street from a place I've been staying at lately, and I only ventured in here in search of some Sprite and/or Squirt.I had heard about how cool this place and places like it are, but I finally got a chance to see for myself.  Its a regular grocery store for the most part, focusing on Mexican goods.  What makes this place awesome is the whole side of the store that has hot food and baked goods.  The assortment of multi-colored baked yummies is awe-inspiring.  People buzz around the display case with trays that they put their chosen stuff on, and then go to the checkout.  Everyone I've seen in my few visits there have their trays overflowing with all kinds of breads and deserts.There is a long long counter full of hot foods.  I have no clue what most of it is, but it all looks delicious.  The signs are in Spanish, but if you know Mexican food, then you'll probably know what all the stuff is.  But someone like me can only asked stupidly, "Uh, wut dat?" Today I couldn't resist something in a tray at the end of this counter.  It looked like some kind of roasted pork, all gooey and tender and amazing looking.  I asked what it was and the guy said pork, I asked to taste it and he let me, and then I got a pound of it.  This is what I've been wanting for so long...slow roasted pig.  I've only dreamed of what that skin must taste like, and now I know.  Unbelievable.There is also another counter island in the middle of this section that seems to have a lot of sides and deserts in it.  It all just looks so appetizing.  Its not a good idea to come in here when you're hungry.I admit, if you're clueless about Mexican cuisine then you will be a little lost.  You won't know what to order.  You won't know what tastes good and what you won't like.  But that is part of the whole culinary adventure.  I say embrace it.As far as being a supermarket, its ok.  The prices are the same as other places like Fry's, but not as many sales going on.  But who cares about that stuff.  The place to be is over by those display cases of goodness.
4	This place is amazing!  I walked into the store the other day, to get some essentials and walked out wanting to go back and get a ton of other stuff. The produce was really fresh and it looked like the meats were as well.  They have a bakery, a small restaurant and a place where you can get salsa, guacamole and mexican drinks.  The place is big, clean and really affordable!  Nice job El Rancho!
1	This store smells horrible. I immediately walked out.
5	Nothing can prepare you for the sensation overload that comes with walking in to El Rancho Market. It's a feast for the eyes and taste buds. Upon arriving at the fresh food counter your senses are completely overwhelmed by the smell and sights and the desire to sample every single thing in this case, ESPECIALLY the warm flour (or corn) floppy disc that are produced from the tortilla maker that rests behind the pass. While disgracing Krispy Kreme's conveyor belt, the modern tortilla extruder machine is a compelling scene similar to that of a four year old going through a car wash for their first time.El Rancho Market always has tons and tons of people buzzing though it and it's best to gathering your bearing then decide on a game plan before entering
3	Muy stinky...this place looks pretty nice inside and out but when you first walk in, its hard to hide the fact that the odor is way to strong.  You get used to the smell about 5 minutes inside but that isn't good either.  Anyway, I came here for a breakfast burrito and it was pretty good, the tortilla was homemade which is always a must.  The chorizo was not very runny and did not change the color of the eggs but it was not to bad and probably more healthy.  I walked around and it is similar to the grocery store we used to stop in over at Rocky Point and smell is the same there too.  I wish they could identify that odor and just kill it already since the place is pretty nice inside.
3	I can only speak for the hot food counter here, as I have just eaten it.  It is inspiring me to write.  That is partially because if I die of salt over-consumption, I want the world to know that the carne asada here is tasty with very few gristle bombs, but the salt content is close to lethal.  The guacamole is fresh tasting and oniony, and the tortilla is slapped on the griddle for a minute or two to give it a delicious, crispy/chewy texture, but man, oh man, that carne asada.  Apologies if this review seems to have a flair for the dramatic, but that is what happens to a person when they see their fingers swell right before their very eyes.  I think if I were to take another whack at this place, I'd maybe go for a different meat option.  Also, I'd try to be more aggressive when fetching the attention of the counter ladies.  Being a quietish, grungy redhead, I can say candidly that sometimes I give off the "sore thumb" impression in ranch markets, but it was when the fluent spanish speaking lady that ordered before me went to pick up her food, turned to me and said, "you better be loud, or else they'll ignore you" that I worked up the guts to get a bit pushy about my burrito needs.
4	I always enjoy shopping at this store.  The price on produce is great.  I don't buy limes anywhere else.  They have great prices on the produce. They have a bakery in there and a cafeteria if you get hungry and can't wait to get home.  The food is pretty good too.
4	El Rancho is a shopping experience.  The store is smaller than most, but they seem to pack in twice the amount of stuff.  The aisles are packed with all the usual groceries, and tons of imported specialties, but the real treasure in El Rancho is all around the perimeter of the store.  They have the most beautiful meats, poultry and fish.  I'm accustomed to butchers in stores and did not appreciate how, in Phoenix, most grocery stores do not have butchers.  El Rancho has butchers working there who will cut anything the way you want it.  In addition, at the end of the poultry, meat and fish counters (which are huge and spectacular) there is a section devoted entirely to Mexican cheeses... Queso Fresco, Cojito and all sorts of Mexican white cheeses.The aroma of fresh tortillas hits you as soon as you walk in the door.  They have their own tortilla factory in the corner.  A huge bag of white corn tortillas for tacos was $1.99.  There were at least 6 different kinds of tortillas in many different sizes.The hot foods section had at least 3 different soups, and 6 different hot dishes.  They also had a cold counter that had fresh cut fruit, salsa, fruit cocktails and at least 6 kinds of fresh juices.  I can't remember all of them, but I do remember that one was watermelon.  They all looked delicious.The bakery was filled with heavenly looking pastries and cakes.  They also have plenty of breads cookies, and pan dulce.The produce section was beautiful and diverse.  The counters were stacked with ripe peppers and chilies. They stock all the usual grocery fare and lots of specialty items.  They had big bags of fire roasted green chilies for $1.It is a wonderful place, and even though they were quite busy, customers did not appear to be waiting very long for any service or checkout.  Parking is easy, and the location is good for me.  The construction on 19th Ave is a little bit of a hassle, but It's well worth the visit.
5	This place is representative of the rich culture of food Mexico offers. The store is clean, filled with amazing produce, and the prepared foods puts WholeFoods to shame. Fresh baked goods, on-site tortillaria, a real juice bar, aguas frescas, and a kitchen serving some amazing breakfast burritos, tortas, and street tacos. Not to mention every food product imaginable. Love it!Lo
4	I guess the shortest way to describe this market is that looks like an abridged version of Pro's Ranch Market. You will find lots of fresh produce, hot and cold prepared foods, baked goods, meats, beverages, and groceries. There's also a nice selection of Mexican cheeses which are hard to find in regular supermarkets. The market could use a bit of sprucing up to make it look less old and more organized; but other than that, it is a good place to shop for inexpensive groceries and Mexican specialty foods.
4	Loved it. Good prices good food, love the variety of Mexican cheeses, tortillas  and sweet breads.
