4	When my friend from home visited , we decided to be all proper tourists and take this sightseeing tour bus .This was further decided upon the fact that neither of us have much stamina for long walks and she was here for only a couple of days and really just wanted a whizz around the City Highlights.And this tour provided just that. Its open top make it great to enjoy the chilly sunshine, although I can't imagine it being used at all the rest of the 10 months of rain. It takes you to all the highlights of the City including the controversial Parliament and Holyrood park. It's also a tour so you get to actually hear whatever building it is your are looking at accompanied with some fun and entertaining facts. What makes this bus tour great is that you get to hope on and off at numerous stops around and your ticket lasts for 24 hours so you can take your time if you wish to have a proper look around. Quite a good tour if you have a limited amount of time and want to have a quick introduction to Edinburgh.
2	One of Edinburgh's main selling point to tourists is that the vast majority of it's tourist attractions are within walking distance of each other. A second selling point is that the walk between these tourist attractions is usually very nice, and free..So why then, would one pay over a tenner to be ferried around on a gawdy peasant wagon, driving past all the points of interest, when it would be far more enjoyable just to walk to them and revel in their splendour at your own leisurely pace?Pointless!
2	Having ridden the same bright red bus in Bath and enjoyed it, I figured that trying the same in Edinburgh would be a useful introduction to the city and would give me the lay of the land for further detailed excursions.The City Sightseeing Bus Tour starts from Waverley Bridge (though you can purchase your ticket at any of their stops) and makes a dozen stops throughout the city. As you're driven about through the traffic, you plug your earphones (a plastic sealed fresh pair for every visitor) into the jack and are told facts and things are pointed out by the recorded voice. Other than English, they have other languages available plus there is a captioned television screen inside the bus for those who are hard of hearing.Lots of the information is very interesting and useful, but Edinburgh is such a big city that it's hard to get into much depth on just 12 stops. I left the bus feeling a little rushed and felt that at least this time, it wasn't worth it.Perhaps it was my mood - loads of people seem to ride this bus or any of their competitors.
3	I reluctantly came on here with my grandparents when we came here, reluctantly because I had seen all the sites countless times before, but I had to because my grandparents were kind enough to come all the way up here and see me.However, the city of Edinburgh is small enough to enjoy on foot rather than by bus, but as my Grandad is not very good at walking these days, it would be too much of him to take in the whole city walking at snails pace, so in this respect, the bus tour was great for him as he wouldn't have been able to see all that he did otherwise.For everyone else, I would say that if you want to take in the city, the tours don't really represent value for money, you get a far better prospective of the city without being on a bus. I would get a guide book and a map and explore the city the good old fashioned way, any you may walk into a few hidden gems whilst doing it!
5	We choose just the Edinburgh City bus tour, but it was just what we needed. We started out upstairs (roof partially covered cuz of the weather at that point), but would've maybe enjoyed being downstairs more (the upstairs seats tend to allow you to 'slip' forward) but they are probably great for when the weather turns - they won't be ruined in the wet.Loved our first guide - at one point he actually went downstairs and asked the people to quiet down (they were louder than he was on the loudspeaker!) and that impressed me.We took the tour completely around once, just to check it out. Then we rode back around to Holyrood Palace and got off to tour there. Later got back on (just an easy wave at the driver) and took the bus back around and got off on the Royal Mile.Tickets are good for 24 hours and ours had some kind of coupon for Hard Rock Cafe (I think), but didn't go to Edinburgh to do a Hard Rock, so ignored those.Each guide was different in his/her stories, so that was a plus.Well worth the money.
4	First time doing a sightseeing bus tour but it was very informative and fun, especially if you listen to the kids' Horrible Histories channel! We took the red tour around the old town and had a great time, although to really get the best vslue you should probably hop off at every point of interest as your tickets are valid for 24 hours from time of purchase.
