5	Also don't want to go here if you have epilepsy, because the chaotic hodgepodge of dolls, toys, signs and flashing lights might induce a seizure.  However, even in its craziness, for a west coast jewish boy, this place was a savior for supplying me with some of the only New York deli-style sandwiches and salads in Wisconsin.  They also have great burgers.  Definitely gets 5 stars for the effort at creating a one-of-a-kind experience blending Wisconsin and Jewish cultures with an acid-trip circus, all rolled into one motif.
4	The only thing that has changed at Ella's in 20 years is the cover of their menu.  It's refreshing to know that papier mache rots slower than my mind does.  With tables, walls and ceilings buzzing with mechanical toys and games, and a full-fledged carousel operating during the summer, the environment proves to be kid-friendly, although as a kid I recall my taste buds not being well adapted to the bitter Kosher-style deli flavors I now eat with zeal: sweet and sour cabbage soup, open-faced reubens piled high with sauerkraut and swiss cheese (all this along with a side of cole slaw, and perhaps my zealousness is truly just geared towards cabbage), noodle kugel, cheese blintzes.  My "mature" taste buds still cringe at the sight of tongue sandwiches and gefiltefish, but I can look past this.  Treat yourself to a salad --- their croutons are fried in magical high-penetrating butter.  Their ice cream comes courtesy of Madison's local Chocolate Shoppe, and is made ever the more extravagant when served over pound cake and topped with hot fudge.
4	This is not a dinner destination but an ice cream carnival. I love the mechanical displays in the tables and all the overhead whatnots.
4	Ah, I wasn't sure where in the entire state of Wisconsin I could find Matzo ball soup. The answer is here, my friends! The broth is flavorful and the noodles a nice complement. At first I was leery of this place being gimmicky looking, but the turkey and melted cheddar baked potato changed my mind. My eyes were able to wander off and look at all of the moving mobiles on the ceiling and toys galore. In Manhattan terms, think of it as a mix of FAO Schwartz plus Serendipity plus a dash of Times Square showiness thrown in. I had to do a double take at our scratched table because at first I thought it was dirty. No, wait! On the inside, it was actually ground up magnets that you could use a pen with attraction to draw. I would return for the good food, but be extra prepared with my cheesy tolerance up. Take your friends that can handle the carnival-esque atmosphere :)
3	While Ella's deli might not have some of the best food in town, it does have the electricity bill.  Therein lies the real reason you should visit, the explosion of gadgetry, mechanical toys, mouse-trap style novelties, and all around eye candy make Ella's the only restaurant I know of where its permissible to get up and wander around wide-eyed at this little shop of curiosities. If you have strong impulses towards cold-cuts, potato salad, reubens, and ice cream or a small convoy of children with frequently shifting attention spans Ella's will be perfect.For those looking for a bit more culinary sophistication or higher quality shy away from the American foods and learn towards the more kosher elements.  The chicken in my Caesar salad was actually so stale it was send-back worthy.  But for a place with a carousal outside and an interior that's been as constant as bologna fallen behind the stove, Ella's makes for a nice one time excursion of new sights and sounds.
4	Excellent deli food, great ice cream, and a crazy fun atmosphere.  It's definitely a place that needs to be seen to be understood.The food itself is not extraordinary but quite good for the style.  There are other places I would recommend for "just food" in Madison, but the atmosphere and environment add so much to the experience.  I would recommend this as a place to check out for lunch, probably not dinner.  The ice cream is also a great after-meal treat.  They come in a variety of great flavors.
1	They cover the walls with tacky crap with blinking lights and annoying little beeping sounds to distract you from the poor quality of the food. To call this a "deli" is an insult to all of the real delis out there.
2	If you find that you simply MUST go here despite knowing in advance that the food is at best edible, at worst horrid and overpriced, and that the crap hanging from the ceilings is never cleaned although it zips mightily across the ceiling hovering over your plates, then there's nothing I can tell you to change your mind, is there??The pound cake sundae is literally the only saving grace for this decrepit place.  You have been warned.
1	I have never had a satisfying meal at Ella's.  They have a few great things, but they are all over-priced, and kinda not worth it.  I mean, the croutons on the salad are delicious, but it's not worth paying $10 for a salad that tastes like the salad bar at Copp's grocery store to get them.  The fried pickles are good, but why would you just order a meal of fried pickles?  The ice cream is okay, but there is better ice cream in Madison.The atmosphere is cool, but there are always screaming kids to deal with.  Overall, Ella's isn't worth the hype.
5	i really dont understand how anyone could give anything less than five starsit has one of those things where a strobe light creates stop-motionand flying superman'sand ball's rolling through tubes in apparent perpetual motionand games INSIDE your tableand blintzes, kugel, dr. browns, and FRIED PICKLESwtf. what is wrong with you people?! is there anything in life you like?!!?
4	I could tell that this place was different, just pulling up to the parking lot. I've attached a photo and a link to their web site... but this is one of those cases where you just have to experience it to understand it. The web site doesn't even come CLOSE to conveying the experience that this small, family-oriented establishment is. And the best part of all... it was PACKED! And it was LOUD! (so be forewarned: this is for kids and those young at heart. it's not for those trying to be cool or hip.)The menu is adorable, homey, features local menu items, and is reminiscent of a diner menu. But the really amazing part about this unique eatery are the gadgets, toys, and displays covering every square inch of the interior... and a working carousel outside to boot. There are a number of flying figures inside, including Bart Simpson, Batman, and Harry Potter. There is something interesting and unique inside every table. We sat at an electric toy-train table where the train actually moved. We also saw Monopoly embedded in another table, a display of PEZ dispensers in another, and a giant castle scene in another. Basically, this place is a child's toy fantasy come true.A place where the families of Madison can have a good meal at a good price, and their kids can enjoy the near-chaos of every imaginable toy, gadget and doodad constantly in motion. A sensory overload experience!I'm giving it four stars instead of five because it did seem like it could use an overall sprucing up. (My visit here was July 2006.)
5	I have been coming here since I was a pint sized tot. It's your average run of the mill deli style menu but the atmosphere is amazing and makes for a wonderland of excitement for little kids. I'm still in awe of all the moving gadgets when I go in. The carousel is beautiful and needless to say I myself have ridden it countless times... I luv Ella's!
5	Grew up in Madison.  This is a must to visit, and definitely a place to take children: it is fun seeing their fascination with all that this place has to offer.  They also have a merry-go-round that operates in the Summer.  The food's good too: root beer and reuben is hard to beat, let alone the ice cream shop they've got for dessert.I give this place 5 stars because you don't just go for the food, what Ella's offers is an experience, that that unique experience they do whole hog :)
4	This is a fun touristy destination place to go in Madison. The kids were happy,  the grownups were happy, because merry-go-rounds and ice cream are happy things.They had a baby plate with little things to try for my friend's  little one, which was a nice touch. I had an egg salad sandwich and matzo ball soup, which was OK. I don't like celery, but it's not their fault. Pretty cheap lunch, considering... Wierd thing is that they don't provide crayons and paper for the kids to draw on-which would have been nice. we had a good time with old friends.
4	* * * This review is based on Ice Cream & Merry-Go-Round visits Only * * *My daughter and I came here yesterday (after a long ordeal up the block from here) for waffle cones.  Black cherry for her, Mint Chip for me.  I took my 11 year old 2nd cousin here for ice cream and a horsey-ride about a month ago.The place is pretty cool eye candy for out of towners; I agree with Nina O. though they ought to shut the place down for a day, cover tables, counters, kitchen, etc. and take a huge can of compressed air and blow the years of dust off of everything in the place.
2	I have a feeling this place is starting to show its age.  It's a relatively fun and interesting place, and the food is ok, but this last visit revealed what I believe to be some disappointing issues.I've been to Ella's Deli countless times; my first visit was in 1977, just after seeing Star Wars on the big screen.  Generally speaking, I've been a fan, but this last visit was troubling.  Here's how it went.When it comes to restaurants, I'm a stickler for a few things: service, cleanliness, and taste.  Tonight, we arrived at Ella's at around 8:00pm (on a Sunday).  The place was relatively empty - a few tables had folks sitting at them, but for the most part it was slow.  There appeared to be a ton of staff - I counted at least 2 bus boys, a cashier, at least 2 hostesses/hosts, several waitstaff, and countless "cooks." So it was surprising that we stood and waited for about 5 minutes before being acknowledged and offered a seat.  It wasn't until a larger group came in behind us that anyone bothered to look up and notice that people were entering the restaurant.We were seated at a dirty table (there was a hunk of lettuce sitting on the condiment tray and my side of the table was sticky and gross), and a waitress brought us two tiny, worn-out plastic glasses of water.I say "worn out" because one glass was riddled with teeth marks (see the photo); we didn't drink out of it - it was quite gross.  How much does a new plastic cup cost these days??We ordered the grilled poundcake turtle sundae ($6.45?!) and a cup of coffee.  The coffee was delicious, but alas, there was lipstick on my cup (I'm a guy, so I'm fairly certain it wasn't mine).  Ugh.And then came the sundae.  Served in a large dish that's designed to make the thing look bigger than it actually is, the sundae was good but nothing spectacular.  Sigh.  Take a look at the photo we uploaded, and before you say "it looks like a big sundae," look at the size of the spoons and then compare them to the sundae.  The dish is also "flat," so there's not much (if any) sundae below that big apron.I don't think I'll be going back any time soon.  The place was expensive and fairly dirty in appearance.  Our waitress was good, but the hostess/host/cashiers need to pay more attention to the door.  Summary:Food: 2.5 starsCleanliness: 1 starService: 2.5 stars overall (4 for our waitress alone)Value: 1.5 stars; tiny portions and $10 for a sundae, coffee, and tip.For the money, I'd rather go to Culver's or Michael's.
3	An ice cream parlour with a carousel?!!?  The ice cream is great in that old timey, not mashed with all the toppings sorta way.  The ice cream is great, but how do you fudge up ice cream?  The real treat is the setting which is so much fun.  Obviously it's ideal for children which for a person without kids means you have to deal with a least one child screaming for ice cream all the time.  I've never tried the deli menu, but I'd like to!
4	Ok, I am totally charmed by this place. It's kitschy and loud and the food is awesome deep fried deliciousness. Love the old animatronic crap that is everywhere!Best of all, however, are the absolutely AMAZING and gloriously perfect deep fried pickles. I've yet to find them done better ANYWHERE.
2	I've been talking about this search for the perfect reuben for so long that people are starting to wonder. I figured that I'd better start documenting this search lest people begin to question my dedication to the task at hand.I hadn't been to Ella's since I relocated to Madison 7yrs. ago. So I figured that this Madison Institution would be a good place to start. So, the sandwich was pretty decent. The corned beef was delicious and not too greasy. I don't know why they don't serve it on a dark rye, like most every other place I've had one (we'll forget the sourdough I had once in the north woods). Loss of points here. My only other gripe would be that they could have spared some fries and made a bigger sandwich.The reason for the two star rating is the service I received. I was one of maybe four customers in the whole place (everyone else was already seated and eating when I arrived), and it still took ten minutes for a staffer to bring a cup of water. The server's demeanor was short and far from sweet.So, bring the kids to Ella's. That's the demographic they're going for. It's like Chuck-E-Cheese for the pre-teen steampunk crowd. If you're looking for a decent reuben in Madison, get it to go.
4	The food is good/ok as well as the service.  The four stars are because it is a great place to bring a kid.  The atmosphere and decorations are terrific for a young one.
4	Love IT! For a person who doesn't have / doesn't like kids, I go here pretty often. I love the old school ambiance and just the sheer volume of STUFF to look at while dining. The menu is super extensive - I dare you to go and not be able to find anything on the menu to eat.Con: if you don't like kids, it can be kind of a pain to go while there's a birthday party in progress. But then, you did go to a restaurant with a carousel out front.  :) Have fun!
2	My boyfriend and I decided to check Ella's out one night for dinner.The place was packed with screaming children (which I suppose isn't surprising, considering the carousel and decor - but still, not my bag). Our table was sticky, our silverware wasn't clean, and the food was mediocre. I almost lost my appetite when I looked up at all of the creepy, dusty toys hanging from the ceiling. The only saving grace was the ice cream - but in Madison, you can get good ice cream just about anywhere.I know this place is a Madison institution, and I really wanted to like it, but mostly it just grossed me out. I might order food or ice cream to go, but I will not dine in the restaurant ever again.
4	the review is definitely leaning towards the unique nature of the inside rather than the food, and i can't quite say that i've been to a place like this before.  well, we used to have the submarine thing in California.  the food is so-so and not priced to match its flavoring.  even when it looks good as they bring it out, it is average deli food.  i concur that the menu is extensive and its really difficult to figure out what want to go for that day.   even soda costs more.  when we were there, there wasn't a whole lot of kids (it was a Sunday late morning), and we got to enjoy playing around with our table (it was the one with iron fillings covering some images, so you can play with it with magnets to form beards over ladies and such).  its a place worth coming to once, but not sure if it is worth a second visit if you're here for the food.  nonetheless, unique.
1	This is a sad place. It has a carousel, it has all sorts of cute kitsch scattered about, above, around, and beyond. It's got cartoon characters, horsies, and things that look like it came out of a child's dream... Unfortunately, this place is more of an adults nightmare. In fact, it's really only good for those who know no better, or don't care to get ripped off. The prices are unconscionably high for the mediocre quality and the skimpy servings (sides are extra, unless you settle for watered down cole slaw). There's a place in Chicago called Perry's, whose sandwiches are probably 4 times the size of those at Ella's, 10 times the quality, enough for two to share - maybe more... but at the same price. How is that possible? Ella's is also dirty. Dirty seats, dirty tables, dirty silverware, dirty plates, dirty cups... If you are going to slip that much money out my pocket, keep the damn place clean. The servers are kinda not so clean either. My son and I waited almost 10 minutes to be served after being seated. We only got attention after I flagged down a server from another section who passed by and made a conscientious effort to avoid eye contact. Really? I would have left, but my son would have been sad. Instead, I let him enjoy and decided to be the sad one.It's possible only because they surround themselves with a carousel, kitsch about, above, around, and beyond. The kids want to go there... they don't care about an overpriced sorry sandwich. They are too young and too distracted - and can you blame them? I don't. I blame the owners of Ella's for using all the distractions... because if your kids didn't want to go there, you probably wouldn't even bother either .
3	Bottom line? Great for kids. Hell on earth for those without. The prices weren't great - $6 for an ice cream sundae? - but the ice cream was good, and the options are many. They have a whole desserts-only menu, for Pete's sake. The serving dishes are just small enough that if the ice cream melts at all, there's an overflow - but that's just incentive to eat faster, right? I've never been when the place isn't packed, but with a real merry-go-round in use, it's not surprising.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!  I grew up in Wisconsin, and this was a frequent visit with my parents.  It's a kids paradise!  Merry-go-round, fun food, ice cream, and the place is decorated with toys.  Something to look at everywhere.  Plus, you can buy candy buttons when you are leaving :0)
5	Great place for kids.  Sandwich list is HUGE!   Look for Harry playing Quidditch.
1	This resturant is good for one thing: birth control. The food is gross and WAY overpriced. If you love screaming infants and paying ten dollars for a hot dog, this might just be your place.
4	One of the most kid-friendly restaurants ever, and know that most of the clientele are going to be of the under-12 crowd. I grew up going to Ella's Deli, and this year I was able to take my 2-year old. She loved it! The matzo ball soup with noodles keeps bringing us back, and you can get pretty much any kind of deli sandwich you can think of at this establishment, and they are all pretty good. The price has certainly crept up over the years, and the cost doesn't match the food quality, which is frustrating. But let's be real - you don't go there for the food quality. You go there for the ambiance -- the 1920s carousel and the explosion of decoration inside.Oh, and for those complaining about too many loud kids? Look around. Clowns on the wall? Check. Robot greeting you at the door? Yup. Candy counter? Sure thing. Use these context clues, turn around, and find a McDonalds.
1	My wife grew up in Madison and spent her childhood going to Ella's Deli. Unfortunately times have not been kind to Ella's Deli. I first went 12 years ago with her family on my first visit to Madison and the food was good and the prices reasonable. A bowl of Matzo ball soup had two Matzo balls and came in an actual bowl. We have gone to Ella's on every trip that we make to Madison but have noticed that over the years it has become a disappointing experience. The food has become mediocre yet the prices have risen, which is quite an odd phenomenon. Usually prices increase with quality but Ella's has managed to rewrite the rules. A bowl of Matzo ball soup is now one ball in a cup, yet more expensive. A $9 Reuben does not even include fries and somehow a scoop of ice cream is a whopping $3.65. This was our last visit to this once good and reasonable but now expensive and less satisfactory restaurant. This ends 12 years of my visiting and a lifetime for my wife.
2	Sad face :(No, wait. A GIANT SAD FACE :(Why doesn't this birthday place have a better selection of cake? I'm a traditionalist, and I'd like to have a nice pice of layered cake on my birthday. My friend took me here on my b-day, and as soon as I saw the dessert menu, my heart started sinking .... . There was nothing I wanted to eat. Sigh. I ended up sharing a lame chocolate cake with him. Another sigh. I felt bad to be such a downer when someone was treating me .... but the cake really bummed me out!
1	I have chosen this place many times for various occasions both as a child and as an adult. Fantasy land was always what kept me coming back and reminiscing of childhood. However a few months ago I had a Jewish co-worker.  We got to talking about eating out. I inquired if his family frequented Ella's (They advertise kosher right on the outside of the building). These were his words, "They aren't actually Kosher. My family and I were so excited, we went, we sat down, we started asking some questions, and left."I was shocked. This restaurant has many other attractions then it being "kosher".  If they aren't kosher, they shouldn't advertise it that way. I'll never eat there again.
1	The atmosphere is interesting, but the noise created by all the whirliegigs is as loud as a bar on Friday night.  The service was terrible, even for a sandwich place.  I was one of four tables, two tables per server.  She walked away as she spoke, she didn't refill water, and was pretty clueless when it came to the menu.  The food was meh at best.  I tried the Lox Salad.  Some lox, nicely flavored, accompanied by a handful of pathetic looking lettuce and a few spoon fulls of rice on an enormous plate for $10.  Presentation was clearly not a consideration.  I want to support local businesses but if given the choice between Ella's and a chain bagel shop, the chain would win hands down in overall experience, food quality, atmosphere, and service.
5	I go there for their amazing salad with amazing croutons-incredible.As far as all the other stuff I just ignore it.Just get their salad and you will be very very happy.
1	Service was HORRIBLE. I went there twice -- once during the week when it was empty, and once on Sunday afternoon when it was full.Both times the two different servers were rude, condescending, would walk away before a question was finished being asked  -- wouldn't give refills of water or coffee. When we finally got their attention, they seemed upset that we were bothering them.After asking for something, they seemed to be passive-aggressive -- served other tables, stood around doing literally *nothing* (leaning on column), before finally getting to what we asked for.When the food was served, it was dumped on to the table and the server rushed away, leaving us to pass the it around.While the food was good, the price was on the high side. I left frustrated and angry both times. I was going to complain to the manager at the register, but he was just like the waiters (not engaging, looking down)  -- didn't really seem to care.Anyway, if you have long time to wait, like bad service and good food where the staff seems to be in a perpetual bad mood, this is your place.
2	I'm not a fan of the food there... but I certainly love the black-cherry ice cream they serve! :)
3	HUGE menu.  They have one ~20 page menu for food, and another entirely different menu for the ice cream, shakes, etc.The main menu is primarily deli standards, so if you're looking to get a tongue sandwich on rye, here's the place.  But they also have burgers and other American food.The main reason I go here is their Chicken Matzo Ball soup, which you can only get a couple other places in Madison.  Tasty, but I wish it had more chicken, it's usually just chicken dust.  Manna Cafe on Sherman Ave. has much better Chicken Matzo Ball soup with fresh veggies, lots of chicken and a side of fresh bread - but they only make it on Fridays currently, so I end up at Ella's usually.Otherwise, barring their lunch specials, the place is really expensive for what you get.  $9 for salami on a toasted bagel with no sides?  It tasted great, but I can make that myself at home for $1.50, even using "artisan" salami.Ella's is a great place for kids.  Tons of moving animated puppets and things flying around the ceilings (which are made by one of the owners).  Games that kids can play, and even some of the tables are interactive.  They also have a carousel open during the warm months.You can also reserve the place for birthday parties, and they have a bunch of different packages depending on your budget.Since it's such a kids kind of place, and you have all those things whirring around the restaurant, it's pretty noisy, even when almost empty.3 stars for prices in relation to quality and amount of food for us adults, but a neat place for kids or people visiting Madison.
3	You don't go to Ella's for the quality of the food, despite the vastness of their menu.You go to Ella's for the atmosphere - it is every ADD kid's dream! There is so much to look at and interact with, lots of animitronics, and rarely changes in appearance, so you can always look forward to the comfort of seeing all of your old favorites. I particularly love that many of the tables are interactive, with glass tops encasing fun games to play with your family and friends.Plus, they have a big ass carousel, and fun candy and toys for purchase.Hands down, the best thing to eat at Ella's is their famous #1 - fried poundcake with vanilla ice cream and hot fudge on top - it is to die for.Another special item for large groups: their sparkling kazoo (formerly the kitchen sink) - which is 32 scoops of various kinds of ice cream and sherbet in a big metal bowl, covered with every topping imaginable and a huge spoon to dish it out with. - great for parties!
4	As an admitted crusty old fart, one would think that I would stay miles away from Ella's. Quite the contrary my friends. I would not consider a trip to Madison complete without a visit. I agree with many that the food is nothing special, but I have never really had a "bad" meal here either. I tend to stick to soup and variations on a corned beef / pastrami theme and I do ok. Tonight after spending the day at the anti- Walker / pro union rally downtown, we added a special treat to our usual order. We split the caramel apple crisp (ala mode no less). It was deeeeeeeeelicious!!!!Anyhow, I come to Ella's time and again because I love the atmosphere. It is as though Rube Goldberg went crazy in a toy factory.  Even in my dotage, I can see this place through the eyes of a child. It helps to keep me young at heart. Yes, it is a bit over the top, but it ranks high on my Kitchy Kool list!!
1	Oh please! Other than the desserts, which often come with dirty silverware, it's simply not worth it. The place is jam stuffed with toys, one would think at first glance, that it would be a mini paradise. Upon closer look, everything is filthy and dusty. The floors and tables are sticky. The prices are inflated and the waitstaff only occassionally friendly. I love good Jewish food. Ella's is not. The matzoh ball soup has no flavor and the blintzes are soggy. The sandwich meats are processed and the bread is dry. I would come for their famous #1 if I had to have a sugar fix, but it is most certainly not like the Ella's deli I remember on State Street from the late 1970's.
4	You know what?  The food here isn't anything to write home about.You know what else?   This has never been a destination I would go to for the food anyway.  In fact, if you are coming here just to eat you are missing the point entirely.What you should be coming here for is the atmosphere, the carousel and the ice cream.  You should be coming here to make memories with your kids (or the kids in your life--nieces for me) and have some ice cream.  I remember this place from my childhood and I defy you to find a child that is not mesmerized with the amount of stuff hanging from the ceiling or tucked inside the many shodowbox-like tables (Ours had a medieval LEGO scene inside it).  My burger was decent, but I can assure you it wasn't the reason I set foot through the door.
2	Food was average. Ambiance is great for kids. Lots of doodads and trinkets and thingamabobs. Prices were good, especially the lunch specials. $5 meatloaf with mashed potatoes for example. Waiter got soup and salad dressing wrong. It took about 1 hour to get food once seated (an eternity for 3 year olds). It was crowded. There was a wait to get in. They actually ran out of glasses. Matzo ball soup was "terrible". The broth tasted like dirty water. Waiter didn't ever check in.
3	Not great but good.
2	1 star for the ambiance star for the ice cream and the carousal outside this place and my kids love em. Food and service is a different story. Food sucks beyond imagination and service is so so. If you want to go this place for food, I would recommend a sandwich from a gas station freezer than this place.
5	Revising my previous review. Last year, went Ella's twice and the service was very poor to say the least.Today, we went back to at least soak up the atmosphere with a few kids who hadn't been there before. We had Gregory as our waiter, and, based on Gregory, the consensus for Ella's went from one star to five stars. I hope Gregory and his light, fun attitude is what pervades the rest of the wait staff. People go to Ella's to have fun, and their server is at least 50% of the equation -- they don't have to be comedians, just be friendly, courteous, and attentive -- Gregory was all those things. The food was good, and we got it quick. Definitely a good night.
2	Now please take my review with a grain of salt, because I never actually had the opportunity to try any of the food at Ella's. I made it inside and had a chance to look around at the wondrous variety of colorful toys and games that would have brought out the kid in me. However, I then looked around and saw dozens of greasy screaming children that made me wretch at the idea that I ever used to be like that. The rest of the crowd here didn't do much for the atmosphere as well - morbidly obese hillbillies, old people on ventilators, waiters with pit stains and spilled food on their clothing...together they created some kind of overwhelming stench that slowly turned my desire to put food into my stomach into an uncontrollable instinct to send it flying straight out.Once we were seated at a table covered in a thin, sticky veneer that grabbed on to everything it touched, we had had enough. As soon as the waiter left to get our water, we had to sneak out of there. Any longer and I was afraid this place was going to devolve into a scene from Stephen King's It.
1	The food is simply terrible. I have eaten here over 10 times, and each time the food is simply terrible. Do not be tricked by the toys and games, or the carousel outside. It all masks the bad food they serve. It is also VERY overpriced for what you get. You are paying a fee just to sit at the table to see all of the toys and gadgets. Not directly, but they hike the price of the food. The ONLY reason I would go here is to take a child to be entertained by the toys and gadgets. If you go here to enjoy the food, you are in for a big letdown. Also, this is not a true deli. Real deli's are located in New York City. For example, the Carnegie Deli. Calling Ella's a 'Deli' is a direct insult to a  true deli. The waitstaff is OK, but they are clearly phoning it in. They simply do not seem like they want to be working there. They have ignored several attempts to flag them down to get a refill of water, and when I was there you can see a visible letdown on their faces when you only ask for water, because they know the tip will be lower. Overall, go for the toys and outdoor carousel.
3	This place was like magic to me as a kid. I used to beg my parents to go here, but now that I'm an adult, I can see why they were reluctant. The food isn't great, and the service is pretty average. That, and the combination of animatronics, knick-knacks, and screaming children is enough to make anyone want to make sure they have some aspirin with their meal.All in all, it's fun for the kids, but make sure you take it in moderate doses.
3	I loved going here when I used to live in Madison. Overall, the food is okay, nothing special about it. But, this place seems whimsical to little kids. It's fun to watch them oohs and aahs over neat animatronics. They used to have small carousel set up outside. So, not really a place for foodies, but worth the visit for the little ones.
3	I just visited Ella's a couple weeks ago after not being in for a few years (as I now live abroad). It definitely has cleaned up its act since I was last in.The food has always been ok and overpriced, but on this occasion we just got ice cream. GIANT scoops. Yum! (They used to do their own, but these days serve Chocolate Shoppe premium ice cream which is delicious and very high quality). The decor is the reason anyone comes back. And it needs a little love, but wasn't as dusty as the last time I visited. Ella's - you seemed shinier in the 80s. I hope you will return to your glory. But I still love you all the same.
4	One of my favorite places in Madison. Good coleslaw and I recommend the pump platter salads. Try to save room for some frozen custard.  You have to make it here if you have little kids just for the eclectic collection of toys and "stuff" that creates a great ambiance for kids.
1	Not a fan!  They were good when they were on State Street, but I haven't enjoyed it at all on any subsequent visits.  I find they use bad quality ingredients and I cannot stand the atmosphere.  I guess if you would enjoy eating at a circus this restaurant's for you!
4	Great family entertainment, decent food.  Don't come here expecting a gourmet feast, it is for the kids.  Although, the reuben was good and the potato salad was also pretty good.  A little pricey, but you are paying for the atmosphere as well.  The carousel is only open in warm months  (whenever those are ;).
4	Perfect place if you have kids.  Lots of visual stimulation...plus ice cream.  Food wasn't bad either.
4	I LOVE THEIR HUMMUS.  I would pay lots of money for the recipe. Or buy it in a large tub.  In fact, next time I visit, I just might ask about that latter option... anyway, every time I have ever come I have gotten the hummus platter and I always walk away feeling like I got a great healthy meal.  For a veggie and chickpea plate, it seems a wee bit pricy (I think $8 - I am cheap though), but it's oh so yummy.
1	I ordered a French dip here for dinner the other night, and there was a very large brown insect right there on the plate, floating dead in the au jus.They covered the price of our bill, at least. But it's still disgusting to think that their sanitation is lax enough that a bug can end up right on a customer's plate. Neat toys and animatronics aside, this place sorely needs a visit from the health inspector.
2	I have mixed feelings about this place. Some of the food is excellent; the soups, the salads, the ice cream, and it's a fun atmosphere for kids, but I wish it were a little cleaner, and sometimes the food isn't delivered as described on the menu, and it was a little weird to go to the checkout with my un-totaled tab to have the host ask me what I wanted to tip. Well, they hadn't given me a totaled tab at the table, or shown me the itemized receipt so I could a) check to see if it was correct, and b) calculate the tip.
1	Expensive!!!!That is the only word I have for Ella's.  We ate here on a Saturday for lunch.  It had great ambiance and the kids loved it.  There were 4 of us.  We all had sandwiches and my cousin and I shared a $12 sandwich plate with all the fixins.  My wife and his girlfriend had sandwiches and we ordered 3 drinks and a water.  The kids ate off of our plates as they always do.  I figured the bill was going to be around $40 because we didn't even order ice cream.  3 drinks, 2 sandwiches and 1 "shared sandwich" and our bill was $61.62.  WTH?!?!?!?I went over it with a fine-tooth comb and noticed they charge almost $5 for a small order of cheese fries.  The drinks were $3 each and their sandwiches were over $10 each.  WTH?!?!?!?!?I couldn't believe how much they charge for cold meat sandwiches.  We could have spend $40 at Panera and had more food and much higher quality.It looks like this place is getting a lot of bad reviews lately.  I really hope they are reading their Yelp page and they fix things.  I will never go back here again.  I can eat at a nice steak house for $60.  Cold meat sandwiches aren't worth as much as this place charges for them.  Ripoff Central.  Stay away.
3	I give it 3 stars for a mix of food and atmosphere + merry-go-round outside.Great place for young kids/toddlers, especially to ride the carousel.I gave it 4 at first, but after reading what I wrote, 4 did not seem accurate.When it comes to the food I can only comment on the entrees, not the desserts, which are clearly a whole other specialty of theirs, seems like they would be good, but also it seems like it's an either or situation, either a meal, or a big dessert.If I go back, I'm honestly happy just having a burger and fries, good coffee shop/deli style burger and fries.I fantasize that the corned beef or pastrami is awesome like the kind I can get in Chicago at Manny's, or what used to be Kaufman's, but the reality is quite different, for the price they should pile the cb or p on high, like real deli's in Chicago or NYC do, but noooooo! (as Belushi used to say). Skimpy, penny pinching, the pickles are good. The rye bread is not substantial enough, too crumbly, too weak. The cb and p is mediocre at best, weak flavor, not fatty enough, and I prefer lean, but this is too lean, it's not really good and certainly no where near great. A definite letdown.So to sum it up, for Madison, for Wisconsin, I guess if you're desperate for a cb or p sandwich on rye with a pickle, in a "deli", then this is your ONLY choice. If you want to drive 3 hours to Chicago and go to Manny's you will know what a real CB or P sandwich is, and forever after will not settle for less, unless you deceive yourself and live in denial, or are stuck somewhere, wherein the choices are non-existent like Madison or Wisconsin in general.Sigh, what's with the mediocre food in Wisconsin, sad.
2	Not a great place for large groups. Went with my brother and his family, 10 of us total. It took TWO HOURS for sandwiches and ice cream. It used to be a great place.
1	Sadly, Ella's Deli continues its decent towards total failure.I decided to try the deli for the 12th time in the past year, and the quality of the place has dropped even lower than before. The prices have been hiked yet again, the portionshave shrunk again, the waitstaff has been reduced in number AGAIN, and the most upsetting thing that has happened to this once great deli is the fact the place is filthy. They really need to close for a good week and clean the place from top to bottom. Want to know how bad this once great Madison attraction has fallen? I saw a roach crawling around on floor. A freaking ROACH. As in the creepy crawly kind - not the Willy Street kind. :)This makes me so sad as this place was once a true landmark for Madison. Now it is hanging on a thread - only getting by due to the animatronic toys and gadgets. If this were any other Resturant, it would have closed down years ago.Sad.
1	Absolutely horrible. Terrible food and worse. service. Overpriced and under-managed. Don't waste your time. I had high hopes which made the disappointment even harder to stomach. I will NEVER return.
4	Good deserts, huge menu (people liked the food too, but I didn't have any). Lots of kitsch on the ceiling, very interesting and unique. Plus a carousel!
3	If Tim Burton shot a film about a Jewish deli staring Johnny Depp and Helena Bonham Cater it would be shot inside Ella's. The Hand That Rocks The LadleSilence Of The YamsIt Was The Borscht Of Times It Was The Wurst Of Times WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON HERE? I mean the outdoor carousel  alone is enough to give someone nightmares for a week, but then step inside and it's like a friggin' amusement park of random ass stuff that sort of comes together into a weird blend of whimsical wonderment that reminds me of the stuff Tom Hanks saw in the film Big. Monkeys ride unicycles high above your head, frogs pop out of ceiling slats, colorful birds are the norm and tabletops double as games.I was told the matzoh soup is bomb, and while good, it's not the best I've had. Noodles were cold, broth luke warm, which makes me think it sits in the back and gets warmed up/nuked/stuck under a heat lamp before making its way to my belly. Add to this the fact that it was expensive (over 4 bucks for a ball and broth) and I won't rush back there for it. The rest of the menu reads like a PrintMaster Silver graphic explosion circa 1998. I'm not talking the super sexy updated PrintMaster Platimum with 20 new discs of clipart and borders, I'm talking about the oldie, but in Ella's case, goodie, which first introduced us to things like slanted text and the ever so popular ribbon banner for prominently displaying important title treatments. In Ella's case, everything is important, so don't be overwhelmed by 15 or so menu pages chock full of ribbons and wordart 2.0. As for the rest of the food. It's ok. Burger I had was priced right at 8.50, which comes with fries, some slaw and a pickle, but I feel like most of their menu is overpriced for portion/quality. The shakes come in at a hefty $6, served up in small cups to go, but maybe you get more bang for your buck if you stay and drink? At the end of the day I'm certain I'll be back. It's the place you take people who have never been, because honestly who would believe a deli in town offers up just as much visual delight as a whacked out acid trip?
1	I had fond memories of the Ella's Deli on State Street - and the fried pound cake in particular - and figured it would be a good second choice for brunch with my daughter when we found Monty's Blue Plate Diner was too busy on our visit to Madison.  What a mistake!  The restaurant itself is a kitschy tourist trap, with grime-covered mechanical toys littering the entire restaurant.  Entertaining for some perhaps, I found it extremely depressing.  The wait for our food seemed interminable, and when it did arrive, my omelet was cold, flat, and hardened.  I practically wanted to cry, realizing we had missed an opportunity for a wonderful breakfast at Monty's - much less, that we had shelled out as much as we had for a disgusting breakfast at Ella's.  I will not ever come back if I can help it.
5	Fun place to eat.  Have becoming here for roughly 25 years.  THe kids loved it when they  were younger, now when travelling in the Madison area, we always try and get there at least once a year.
4	Ya know, I didn't have high hopes upon entering this magical circus land cafe.But - they sure did surprise me.The soup - you must get the soup.  Homemade - and delicious.  The reviews are all over the map for this here deli - and I gotta say that my experience was really quite pleasant.  Our server (I wish I remembered her name) was top notch.  She was so sweet and friendly and really made for a great dining experience.
4	This place is definitely for kids. Used to come here all the time when I was a little enjoying all the things on the walls, inside the tables and ceiling and the carousel. Now lately just for a quick stop in for ice cream. Which they no longer make besides the vanilla and chocolate used in their sundaes. Now they use Chocolate Shoppe.Recently stop in for dinner for old time sake. They have extensive menus for both regular and dessert. So takes a long time to read it but it is available online to look over too.I started off with a kugel. A sweet noodle cheese dish with farmers cheese, sour cream and egg noodles with a side of sour cream and mashed strawberries. Can almost be compared to a cheesecake minus the crust. Now it was mighty tasty and would highly recommend it if you have never had a kugel. But it tasted just like the one I make at home. So I can easily have it at home. Plus I like to add raisins and a nut topping for texture.For my entree I got Holishkes. sweet & sour stuffed cabbage rolls filled with beef & rice topped with tomato sweet & sour sauce. Comes with a cinnamon muffin, sweetbread a bowl of soup and a choice of two additional side. I got fries and mixed vegetables. For 12.99 I thought it was a good value for the quanity and I left stuffed put that being said. The filling to the cabbage was bland but the tomato sauce helped out there. The muffin was dry. Sweetbread was ok. I got the Sweet & Sour Cabbage soup which was different and could of had a bowl of it. The fries were the frozen kind and the mixed vegetable were peas and carrots. Not a big fan of peas but thats my fault of not asking what kind of veggies.The service was friendly and laid back put not too badly. But there was only a couple of tables full on a late thursday night. So not sure how it would be busy.Had no room to try one of their Grilled Pound Cake Sundae my dad loves. A return  visit in the future maybe.
4	Cool place for kids lunch. A little pricey and the Ruebens were not what they used to be.
2	If I had to sum up my meal in two words: odd brunch. I started the meal with a kugel & strawberries based on another yelper's review - ate almost the whole thing! Would def order it again or serve it for guests at a brunch. Yum. The matzo soup tasted OK, felt like it was surrounded by canned chix noodle (ala Cambell's) though. Entre was holishkes (bland cabbage rolls with chunky marinara sauce), the sides seemed like random afterthoughts and portion size was enormous. My daughter ordered the kid's mac & cheese with a side of applesauce (which is always served in a ridiculously tiny cup). The wait staff were friendly and accommodating. It can be overwhelming and claustrophobic on a busy night but Sunday night was as chill as it gets. Next time I'm sticking with my fave dish there: open-faced tuna melt. Can't go wrong there.The menus just kill me... I have learned over the years how to navigate them quickly but seriously Restaurant Impossible needs to come in and revamp here! A simplified menu featuring well made dishes to compliment some home made ice cream would have an immediate positive impact. That and some cleaned up, contemporary, functioning decor would really breathe some life into this place! We'll never stop coming here but will enjoy it MUCH more with some improvements. I'm rooting for ya Ella's!
5	You know what?I'm feeling generous. Ella's has been good to me lately (consistent food, standout service), I'm going to be good to them and bump them up two stars to five because the past 3 visits (holy cow have I really been 3 times this month) have been pretty special. And special means so SO SOOOOO many things at Ella's. The interior (clearly), but also the really kind and attentive staff. Special. The wackadoole sounds that reverberate off the paneling and the fact that the kitchen's open but you can't see much going on. Special. The place is simply special, and I don't mind giving props where props are due, because honestly after my repeat trips this month, I wouldn't change a thing. If they started changing things, it wouldn't be special.
2	Ok for taking the kids for some ice-cream and to kill some time.The food is overpriced and not much care is taken for the quality of food they serve.  It's what you would expect from a concession stand or worse.The servers were fine, but i would not return for any of their menu other than dessert
2	Fun and delicious in the summer; Cold and miserable in the winter.  I had had the Mediterranean burger (a nice number with feta cheese and some lovely oil-based dressing for dipping or drizzling) back in the summer and have had dreams about it where I have awoken with a drool-drenched pillow ever since.  I'm sure you can imagine I was quite excited to be reunited with this special burger (a fresh one...not the one I'd already eaten on Memorial Day) when we went again in early January.Well, it was not to be so.  The burger was fine.  The dressing was fine.  The problem was the four to five crumbs of feta on the burger.  They charged us when we asked for more.But by far the worst thing about our most recent visit was the fact that there was no way in Hell the thermostat was set anywhere above the low 60s.I run cold naturally so at first thought it was just me, but I looked around and the two other parties in the place were wearing their coats while eating!  My boyfriend who runs hot also kept his coat on throughout lunch (something i have never seen him do.). We even switched tables from one by the window to one in the interior of the place hoping, at first, we were just by a drafty window.  We were wrong.We ate our mediocre sandwiches fantasizing about the hot chocolates and lattes we were going to get from Moka next store after our arctic lunch was over.It wasn't all bad, though.  My five-year old had some Chocolate Shop ice cream to top off the meal (he was too distracted by the displays to notice hypothermia was setting in) and waitstaff was pleasant and attentive.  I am doling out only two stars because if you can't afford to keep your heat on during winter maybe you should shut down in winter just like your carousel.
3	Hmmm... where to begin... OK. If you live in Madison, you have to go to Ella's at least once. I figured I'd check it out, because, it's, like, a Kosher deli and those are hard to find in Wisconsin and I definitely have frequent cravings for good old east coast-style Jewish deli stuff. BUT, I made the huge mistake of not being stoned out of my skull when I went... this place is a trip! What the f*ck is up with the decor? Definitely clutter city in here with all sorts of crazy robotic puppet contraptions and automated devices, toy trains, etc - probably charming in the daytime, pretty weeiirddd late at night. The food was ok - not bad, but a little overpriced considering it wasn't exactly the greatest deli I've ever had, to say the least. It's a cool old place though; definitely has character. I just think the food could be a little better, and the place a bit cleaner. But, if you're, like, f*ckkkin BAKED, MANNN, you probably won't care about those things. Definitely worth checking out for the experience.
3	We've been here several times.  Ella's is a pretty well known spot in Madison for NY style deli sandwiches/soups and ice cream.The location is full of kitschy toy stuff, on the ceilings, on the walls and even inside the wooden tables where games can be played while your waiting for or eating your meal. The result of all the activity is that it is actually a noisy, clangy, plop-plop sounding place. Ella's is definitely targeting families with kids.The location has a smaller version of an old-style carousel near the building, outside in the parking lot that brings back memories of days spent at Griffith Park in Los Angeles where it was a real thrill to ride the super-sized carousel.The food here is AOK.  But, IMHO, this place is just about the experience, first, and the food, second.  Having said that, their hot sweet and sour cabbage soup with tidbits of beef is outstanding, as are their salads.
4	I was so delighted with finding this place. We drove in to Madison on our way to Chicago from Minneapolis/St. Paul, and we saw the carousel so we came back after going to downtown. Originally we were only going to grab some ice cream and let our son ride the carousel, but once we walked in and saw all of the fantasticness that was going on and I heard "corned beef," we were staying for dinner.I have corned beef with pickles and onions, and my husband had the holishkes. Our son had a hot dog and french fries. I though my sandwich was perfect, and the cole slaw was great (wish there had been more!) My husband's food was very good, too, with good portions of his veggies. The bread and muffin that came with his dinner were just incredible. My son liked his dinner as well, but the applesauce was ridiculously small...it was in an over-sized thimble basically.After dinner we had ice cream. I had Kitty Kitty Bang Bang and Cake Batter Fudge. My son had Superman. My husband had a Blueberry Cheesecake and the one with "everything" in it. The ice cream was incredible, and the girl working the counter (with a large hemp necklace) was just as great.The prices and food were awesome, and the staff was very good as well. If we're ever back in the area, we'll definitely be back!
4	At the end of Back To The Future 3, creepy little Verne Brown signals and points to his crotch, when Doc is saying goodbye to Marty. No one knows why he did this. Well, a young girl was standing behind Marty. In fact, young Verne was known to do this and instead of moving to the next town like a logical person, Doc shifted his family from town to town in different time periods until the family landed in 1960's Madison. Verne was introduced to the "Hippie" lifestyle and soon changed his sex offender ways. Doc took this as an omen, he settled in and started a family restaurant. Ella's Deli was born.I have an affinity for the creatively absurd, and only an absurd mind like Doc Brown's could have came up with such craziness. The decor is worth the price of a meal alone. Various cartoon characters from different generations float across the ceiling on motorized pulleys. Creepy clowns jump up and down on ledges. Pool balls travel along multiple tubes and contraptions across the entire ceiling. Each table had a diorama built inside of it. My 9 month old didn't stop looking around the whole time we were here.Speaking of which, this might be the most family friendly restaurant I have ever been to. Along with the decor, there's a full size Merry Go Round outside of the place. The food is also very kid friendly, this is the first place I found with an "under 2 plate". Anyone with a kid who is just starting to eat knows how tough it is to go to a restaurant and try to share your food. They can only eat certain things, and everything has to be chopped up in little bits. Ella's makes this easy, putting yogurt, shaved turkey, crackers, peas and carrots, mandarin oranges, shredded cheese and applesauce on a tiny plate, charging us a little over 2 bucks. As far as the food goes, it's slightly above average. I had a Midwestern Burger, topped with a little horseradish sauce and big fried pickles. The burger was average, but the fried pickles were surprisingly good. My wife had the Garden burger which was good as well.Dinner was pretty ho-hum, not bad but not the best. Then we had our socks knocked off with dessert. We shared a Turtle Grilled Poundcake Sundae, which was fantastic. We were fighting for spoonfuls, as the toppings were well balanced with the ice cream. So many times you get a turtle sundae and there is too much caramel or fudge, this one was perfect. I wanted to bring home some of the Poundcake to eat on its own (I wonder if they sell it to go? I should have asked).This trip wasn't without its negatives. The actual food menu itself is unbelievably confusing, some of the items are listed twice in different parts of the menu, and it's pretty much hard to read. They should have someone clean it up. It took forever to be served. I know I came on Saturday during lunch, but we should be served a lot quicker than the over half hour we waited from putting in the order to be served our food.Fun for all ages. I you haven't yet, you should dine here.
4	Horsey Carousel or mountain high ice cream?  Depending on the day, you can enjoy both!This place is packed with knick knacks, circus figurines, moving sculptures, toys, you name it all over the walls and ceiling.  If you have ADHD you might want to put on some sunglasses.There's a carousel outside that you can buy tickets for in the summer, but to be honest there is enough going on inside.  Food is good.  Basic. Hot dogs, burgers, noodles, mac and cheese, salads, etc. Ice cream sundaes, cones, and other deserts are delish and just how you remember from your childhood.Your kids will be wound up on sugar, over stimulation visually and will want a treat at the candy counter on the way out.  Hopefully they'll pass out on the way home and you get some quiet moments in the car.It's fun.  It's crazy. But those are some good memories.
3	Decent food with a family friendly environment.  Smells a little weird.
3	If you  have young or young at heart children you need to bring them here at least once..the decor can keep someone with add sitting still...wait staff is pretty friendly..food by and large was just ok and a little pricey for what you got, that being said the menu is very expansive and i cant imagine someone going there and not being able to find something they want to try..there is a carousel out front for kids to ride which is another plus for the kids.
3	The environment was fun and exciting for our two little kids. However the sloooow service really brought down my rating of it. Expect to be there for a while even when they're not busy. Food was good, but not worth the price you'll pay for it. It was a fun place for the kids to go to, but not sure I'll be back anytime soon.
1	DISGUSTING! I really want to just leave it at that, but that wouldn't be right. So let me tell you why I will never eat at Ella's again. For starters, it takes FOREVER until somebody comes over to seat you. Today I asked if I could sit in a booth, I wanted to pop out the laptop and needed some room to groove. I was walked over to the booths that line the one side of the restaurant and with the exception of the one that was occupied by a group of four, every single booth was overrun with dirty plates and glasses. Nothing says, "Come in, sit down, stay a while" like tables full of dirty shit. And so I was sat at a table. A table just a little too close to the server station, which is actually a server island. It's huge. And why? Stupid use of space. And a liiiiiiitle to visible. Today my lunch was punctuated by a dirty bus tub that stayed on the floor for mmmm 30 minutes before someone decided to pick it up and take it somewhere a bit more out of sight. And when she did, it was replaced by another bus tub, so servers could drop off more dirty shit instead of running it to the back. I won't go in to detail, it's not worth it, but suffice it to say it was rank. I almost lost it when a server dropped a few plates into the bin but sort of missed, making it so a smattering of fries blanketed the floor. Again, disgusting. I can't even comment on the food because my whole experience was tainted by the sight of ketchup smears, ice cream sundae remnants and those unruly stray fries. The only thing I kept thinking, "If this is their solution to clearing tables, I wonder what they think cleaning dishes means." Someone in Madison, please start making Matzo Ball soup. It's the only reason I went to Ella's but not even that is enough to get me to step foot in there after today. I would have to throw out the shoes I was wearing after and I have nice shoes.
2	I am not sure how to rate our experience at Ella's Deli. If I were my five year old, Ella's would get a five star review for sure. But, since I am not five...I need to point out a few things with a more distinguishing eye. First things first, my daughter had a great time. She loved the atmosphere, the ice cream and the carousal. We will be back for ice cream and a carousal ride. However I will not eat there again for a variety of reasons: -the food is overpriced -it wasn't that good -the service was not good, the initial host we talked to to get a table for our party of seven was rude, it took a long time to get seated. Another host eventually took care of us, but the initial contact left a bad taste -the restaurant was dusty-the atmosphere was overstimulating -the cleaning stations in the middle of the restaurant have got to break some sort of health code-the baby  changing table is OUTSIDE of the restrooms, so, when a child is being changed you can smell them -the menu was large and confusing I have a soft spot for places like this. I wish them the best. I hope they are able to renovate and stay Madison's first and best deli!
2	This is a good place to take your kid(s) because of all the gizmos and gadgets they have hanging around the restaurant. They keep the kids occupied for a good amount of time.Service was only okay. Our waitress was friendly and helpful when needed. The downside was that they're so busy when we were there that we only had our water refilled once and it was done when we were almost finished eating. We were only given the kids cups too. I would think that since we have such small cups of water, that they would check often to see if we needed refills but that didn't happen.The food was not good enough. I wouldn't even say it is okay. I got a burger which came with fries, a pickle and some coleslaw. The pickle and coleslaw was good but I have had better fries and burgers. My burger tasted dry and the fries were plain. My oldest son, who loves fries, tried one and didn't touch them again. He did enjoy the chicken tenders though. The price of the food is okay. I have had better food for the same price at other places.I have to agree with some people about the cleanliness of this place. While we were waiting for our food, a worker cleaned up one of the booths next to us. He brushed all the leftover crumbs and french fries on to the ground. I thought he would be back to sweep it up but he never returned. The mess was still on the ground when we left an hour later.
1	AWFUL PLACE. The French toast they tout as indescribable can't be described on the menu because the word they'd have to use is "inedible"-- it was dry and flavorless. The noise level due to some stupid overhead maze using billiard balls is similar to being in a bowling alley. The coffee tastes like dishwater and the server was disinterested at best--just dropped off our coffee and walked away. My husband had to go to the busing station to find the Splenda. This was our first and only visit.
2	If you are going for viewing pleasure or dessert, PERFECT!  If you are going for an actual meal...don't.  The kids love this place, but they are also eating grilled cheese or chicken strips, hard to screw up.  The "adult" food is bland at best.  Fun tables, fun views, and the merry-go-round is a plus, but just go for snacks.
5	If you haven't gone to Ella's Deli, treat yourself right and go now! The inside is decorated with endless decor that will remind EVERYONE of their childhoods, which is just the tip of the iceberg. They have a kosher menu with an ice cream shop inside too, and the service is simply unbeatable. Plus, this restaurant is located right on East Wash and is easy to find. :-)
1	there was a bug. A big bug. It crawled across the table. I'm not an expert on bugs, but I'd bet my paycheck that thing was a roach. DO NOT EAT HERE. No amount of loud, obnoxious "fun" is worth that.
3	My friends and I stumbled on this lovely place during winter break. If you are a person who has nightmares about moving dolls, this isn't really a nice atmosphere for you. They however do have famous characters on display such as spongebob and Harry potter.They get most of their flavors from chocolate shoppe ice cream and the rest from other ice cream manufacturers. The food portions are small but the dessert portions are more than enough. Dessert in my opinion can't go wrong but I don't recall anything memorable about the I cream other than the banana split for two.
4	I am a little torn on how to rate this place like other reviews. This place is a must see for kids at least once. The place is unique with all of the crazy decorations and toys hanging around. From our kid's point of view,  it is definitely 5 stars. For my wife and I, a would only say 3 stars.  They have a very large selection on their menu and the ice cream/shakes are delicious. It is a little over priced, but I think it's is because of the experience. The food is nothing special or out of the ordinary. I remember going to this place when I was in high school and loved it, but now that I'm older, I'm like,  "Eh... its ok".
3	Ella's Deli is too close to my house not to go there. I don't see myself ever being a regular, but it's a fantastic place for kids. it keeps them busy and even gets them to eat a little. Ella's needs some major improvements in their food selection. we have bought their ice-cream multiple times and wereways happy with it. When I  finally took my niece there to look at all the amazing decor they have, we decided to give their food a try and it was not impressive at all. we tried their hot dogs and fries, a Ruben and coleslaw and a soup. all of which were bland and happily forgettable. We still left the place with a smile as my niece loved everything she saw there, and ate some of her food even though she didn't like it just to stay there a bit longer.
3	We were meeting a couple people quickly in Madison, and not knowing the place at all - decided to meet up at the "giant carousel place". We pulled in and were pleasantly surprised by the large dedicated parking lot. Inside the situation gets insane. Right when you walk in you are at risk of poking an eye out with the millions of flying things. There are unicyclists, clowns - even a harry potter on a broomstick that are hanging from wires all over the place. There were tons of tables that had kitschy little trinkets under the glass - some even moved and were interactive! The server station is in the middle of the restaurant. The menu looks like a different middle schooler designed each page. The deli, which is what they started as, is down to about 10 logs of meat. The ice cream selection was good, and we both settled only for a cone and not a meal. The 'gift shop' area was a cramped little cash register with some old candy, creepy stuffed animals and little knick knacks. While we didn't eat, the reviews of the food seem fine enough. The carousel is cute and a nice little addition. Not sure I'd ever venture specifically to come here, but it was a cute little meeting spot.
5	Love this place! The nostalgia the food the service... Love love love. Summer time and the ice cream the carousel. Makes me so happy!!!
5	Been stopping here since the early 80's. The deli is kosher and I have'nt ate off the food menu for many years. Mom and I stopped here for a sundae as usual and the turtle sundae's are excellent! I had the poundcake turtle sundae and mom the regular turtle sundae as the poundcake has cinamon in it and she's allergic.This place is a must stop on our roadtrips!
4	If you go expecting a typical deli experience, forget it. Go for the atmosphere!We KNEW it was going to be a circus (literally) but even then were impressed/overwhelmed by the place- wild!!The menu was a surprise- a binder seemingly done by a kid who just discovered Print Shop. 2 pages of banana splits alone, in the $6.75-7.50 range, but then a rather slim drink list. I really felt this could have been done better and still kept the fun feel.I got a classic Reuben, my wife a Mediterranean Salad, and we shared a delicious Zanzibar dark chocolate banana split. The meal was perfectly good, but the split was delicious! The Reuben was $8.80+2.75 for the combo platter (fries). The fries were perfectly crispy, the side of slaw was nice, and the Reuben could have been a bit thicker for the price but was tasty.The service was warm and friendly. I suspect the decor drives the staff slightly crazy over time, but it is in a good way. There was a bit of a line at the small check out stand/gift shop but not bad. The decor is... is... look, you just got to see it. The various You Tube videos don't do it justice. The small gift shop is equally fun and kitschy.We'll go back, especially if we can drag along some kids!
1	My last and final trip: Counted 3 house centipedes crawl across the floor, food was stale (all the breads and buns), and the service was super slow. Not to sound harsh but I am surprised this place passes any sort of food and bug inspection each year. I don't know if there is some leeway with inspections because it's an age old Madison delicacy or what, but this resturaunt needs to be closed down. I'm sure they had a good run but please, don't take your children or family here. There are much healthier and more sanitary resturaunts to dine at. AVOID.
2	I want Ella's to be better. But the food is only okay and the service is slow. The food is overpriced and not that special (except the fried pickles -- those were great).I do question the judgment of people who think that Ella's is going to be a quiet place for dinner, though. Seriously? Could you not tell from the carousel outside that it's not good for meetings? By all means, bring kids here. It's a great place for them to look around and be entertained. And my husband loves the grilled pound cake. But it seems cramped, dirty and in dire need of an overhaul. I'd love to see them close down over the winter and completely update the inside and the menu.
2	I'm only giving this place two stars for two reasons.   The first being the look of absolute wonderment on my son's face when we walked through the door.  He didn't know where to look.  The second would be because they are the only restaurant I've ever been to that offers a baby plate.  My daughter loved that even though when the menu says "small amounts," it is entirely accurate.   Now the bad,  which I never saw on any "Things to do in Madison" when I was researching the town in preparation of our move there.  I keep telling myself our waitress was just new,  as she seemed to be running constantly and assumed we only wanted drinks.   When my root beer float exploded all over the table,  I tried to mop it with the two napkins we received.   This didn't do the job,  so I waited calmly for the waitress to come back for our food order.  When she showed up, she ignored the mess and tried to flit away after hearing our drinks were good.  She didn't know the menu items and was unable to answer questions I had, but grabbed me a few more napkins so I could clean the mess up.  Food ordered, table sticky.  My three year old announces he has to pee,  which is bad since my husband took the oldest to the game shop, and I have the baby and the three year old by myself.   Our waitress figured out we hadn't left since she dropped the soup off and retreated before I could reach the table.   I had to retrive my son from the bathroom, and while making my way back to the table,  I notice a fella getting ready to bus the table, despite my bag sitting on it.   My soup in his hands, almost in the pan.  Should have let him take it.  The rest of the food took a while,  so we entertained ourselves playing the game that was part of the very sticky table... why didn't I let that fella bus the table?  Food arrives!   My daughter loved her baby plate, my son promptly dropped his corn dog on the floor, and I questioned the integrity of my meatloaf.  I know,  meatloaf is one of those hit or miss items.   In this case,  all the food (except the baby plate) looked like some one ran down to the local discount grocery store,  grabbed a few frozen dinners, heated them,  and served them at twice the price.  Blech!  The ice cream was nothing to write home about and for the cost of mine alone,  I could have gotten a pint of Ben and Jerry's.Overall, not worth the time, money, or energy.   I may take the kids to ride the carrousel but honestly,  I've seen cleaner ones at county fairs.
3	Great if you're under 5yrs old and care only about the cartoon themed decor and merry go round. My children love this place. I enjoy seeing how amused they are...which is the only reason I give this place 3 stars.The food deserves 1-2 STARS. There needs to be more attention to the food here. The food is meh...not enjoyable or tasty at all.I will most likely not dine here again. However I will drop by with the kiddos for dessert and a few rides on the merry go round.
3	Every time I go to Ella's I think, "This is it! This is the time I'm going to get some really great food!" And every time I am wrong.  I am not going to go into detail about the food I've had. I'm a vegetarian, so my menu choices are much slimmer than my meat eating counterparts. However, I've yet to have a meal at Ella's that I would deem "good."  The whole things seems to me kind of like getting a hot lunch meal from school. And let's face it - the food is EXPENSIVE.  Really expensive.  I paid nine dollars for three small blintzes with some sour cream and applesauce that looks like baby food - I get it...it's applesauce, but I guess I was expecting something better than the "old standby." Every time we leave, I'm shocked at how much money we spent.The good things about Ella's?  The atmosphere. The carousel. The ice cream, which is also insanely overpriced, but for some reason it's ice cream so I'm okay with it.  We had a server the last time who had a smile on her face the entire time and seemed to truly be enjoying her job.  It's a fabulous place to bring people just for the experience, but from now on "the experience" for me is just going to include a dish of ice cream and a ride on the merry-go-round.
3	Lots of fun to look at.  There is so much random stuff around the ceiling and the walls and outside and behind the counter... you get the idea.  The menu is extensive.  The Rueben is alright.  I have had better.  But since there is so much more to try maybe something else is better.
3	It's fine for grabbing an ice cream at the ice cream counter. Besides that, it's depressing. Depressing because it's obvious it's meant to be cheerful in there, and someone obviously worked hard to make it so, but it's not. My kid is entertained for a bit, but not long enough to justify paying $25 for me and one preschooler to have some sandwiches (that's the price without ice cream) and most of the games that are built into the tables are broken. And really sticky. Nothing seems well-cleaned. I feel bad giving Ella's such a poor review because that ice cream counter was my jam when I was pregnant. I live in the 'hood and would waddle my pregnant ass over there weekly at least for a cone or a whole pint. I'll add in a star for wistfulness's sake.
3	There's absolutely no other restaurant like this, ever.  You wouldn't know what I mean unless you've been there.  The atmosphere is almost that of a bad dream or what I'd imagine a bad trip on drugs would be.  Clowns, circus people, etc hanging from the walls that move across the ceiling.  Feet with faces on them, strange decor all around.  Even the tables have a little  display underneath a seethrow plastic setting.  I bet back in the 80's this place was fun and great for kids, but now it's just rather creepy.  The menu is like 50 pages of word art, confusing and strange.  They have odd things on the menu like Lox and they don't have bacon or sausage or any pork products - I believe it's a Jewish owner.  Either way, this place is incredibly creepy but none-the-less the food was good and so was the service.
4	Decent deli food. Huge menu. Awesome decor FOR KIDS.Ella's is really a kids place. By now you know they have toys everywhere, that its noisy and it has a carousel. But this place is so much better than any other KIDS PLACE around. I won't name names. It is going to a bit expensive as you will end up buying a toy , a carousel ride, ice cream and lunch for everyone in the group. But at least its not gambling for kids!
2	As many reviewers have noted the food at Ella's is both substandard and expensive. It seems to be getting worse; the corned beef and pastrami are dry and tasteless, and tonight my dining companion's omelette and my kugel were both brought to the table cold. The server was friendly but forgot my fork, there was no salt or pepper on the table, and she thought that lox was "raw salmon." This once upon a time was a decent deli by midwestern standards, but the only reason to go there now is with some little kids to enjoy the ice cream, the carousel, and the manic cartoon atmosphere.
3	Lots of junk which makes it fun for the kids
4	The ice cream is delicious and the atmosphere is one of a kind. It's not amazing food but you don't really go there just to get a stellar meal. I loved this place as a kid and I love it as an adult too. My girlfriends and I have a tradition that anytime one of us has a breakup we go here and split a big ice cream treat. It always makes things better :)
2	We went here on a recent visit to Madison with our kids after riding the Polar Express train.  If you're not a fan of clowns and circus stuff surounding you at every turn, don't go here.  If you are looking for outstanding food, don't go here either.  After paging through the 30 page binder they call their menu, our table had a Chicago style hot dog, meatloaf and mashed potatoes, a cheeseburger, a reuben sandwich and some soup.......  We all said the same thing after we left, "well that was a disappointment".The kids really enjoyed themselves and ate most of their chicken tenders, I guess I haven't indoctrinated them enough yet into the belief that clowns and circus memorabilia  is evil.  Seriously, this may be a good place for desert and a quick look with the kids.  If you are looking for a great meal, keep looking.
4	Ella's is a great place for kids. Great decor and they even have a carousel! The food is pretty good, not amazing. Often loud and crowded. I would recommend the Reuben or the matzo ball soup. I love the strawberry cheesecake ice cream. - chocolate shoppe??? 3 for adults. 5 for children.
4	Five stars for the atmosphere, three for the food, four for the desserts and service.The decor is absolutely amazing.  An overload of spinning everythings, carnival games, Rube Goldberg like machines, everything a kid could possibly by fascinated by.  I also greatly appreciate that not much has changed since my childhood.  They could stand with a little more maintenance (some of the lights are out, some of the spinning things are duct taped) but I'd much rather have that than a full on remodel that loses all of the charm.The food isnt bad, but it is disappointing, especially for the prices.  Based on what we tried in our most recent visit . . . the fried pickles were great.  My chicken noodle Matzo soup tasted like canned soup with a large stale cracker in it.  My reuben was good but nothing I couldnt get elsewhere.  Other diners in our party enjoyed their food, which included a salad, a hummus plate, a hot dog, chicken tenders, and fries.  The desserts were good-- I mean, how can you have a bad sundae using Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream.For the record, one of the other reviewers complained about bugs and cleanliness.  I've never seen those issues in decades of going.Yes, the menus are weird.
1	If you are reading Yelp, then chances are, this place isn't for you.  I'll just lay out my experience:-temperature was cold-the "binder" menu felt dirty-very overpriced-napkins on the floor-Reuben sizzler was dry, corned beef was dry, bread was dry-very overpriced for portions and quality-sundaes seemed small (I didn't get one)Now that I think about it, just go to Culver's.
