5	"Hot Dogs and Cool Cats" is definitely the place to go for having your pet groomed, if you live in North Phoenix.  I used to take my dog, Cassey, to PetsMart and the last time the girl said she had such trouble grooming her because she is so old and her skin is loose.  I had heard about "Hot Dogs and Cool Cats" from a friend of mine.  I took Cassey over to the groomer just so they could look at her and I could make sure they could groom her without her (the dog) being traumatized.  They said there was no problem, so her appointment was for Tuesday.  I took her in and told them a few things about her, but I forgot to tell them they could use the muzzle.  Sure enough, I went to pick her up and was told that she was quite the "biter".  I said, "Oh no, did she try and bite you?" and they said "Yes", so they did have to put the muzzle on her (I think they were traumatized).  The whole time I was talking to the groomer, Cassey just sat there looking at me...she knew we were talkiing about her.  Anyway, I want to give a ton of cudos to the groomers for putting up with Cassey's horrible manners.  I know my dog is old (14), but I felt bad that she was such a naughty girl.  Thank you for the good job and how nice you were to Cassey "Hot Dog and Cool Cat" groomers :-)
5	We took our dog here on the recommendation of a friend. This is the best grooming our dog ever received. Our Bichon Frise has been to many groomers here in Phoenix but after a grooming at  Hot Dogs and Cool Cats she comes home looking like a show dog. They take extra time to make sure all the grooming is done properly and professionally.   The owner's name is Terri and she always wants to make sure you are happy with the service they provide.  The prices are also very reasonable.   We were paying over $10.00 more at other groomers for a worse job.   Next time you need your furry friend groomed try Hot  Dogs and Cool Cats.
5	Terry and crew are the BEST!I have taken my two Chihuahua girls, Chichi and Isabella, here for over two years.In fact they usually accompany me for my own hair appointment two doors down at Scooter's Hair.That way we are all beautified and feeling pampered.Hair must run in the family as the shop owners are related.
5	Great groomer, great pricing, they always go the extra mile. Our dogs doesn't play well with others but they always make her feel comfortable and take great care of her.
5	Exceptional Staff! Friendly service, Great cuts for the dogs. They both came home strutting a little taller after being there. Great prices compared to Petsmart. My one dog there alone was $65. Both my dogs at this place were less than that by $10.Great Deal.
5	Took my malti-poo in for his first grooming at Hot Dogs and Cool Cats on Thursday. Upon dropping him off at 8 am I was given an approximate time of 10:30 for him to be done. I got a phone call at 10:39 saying he was ready to picked up. It was nice to have him in and out and not spending 4 hours at the groomers and me patiently waiting later than the time they expected to be done. The staff is very friendly and their prices are lower than the previous groomers I had been to and they do an excellent job.
5	Terry and her group are awesome.  They are very friendly and they do an awesome job.  I have a hyper poodle and they are great with him.  The prices are great too!
5	We took our doxi-poo today to HD&CC's. My neighbor recommended them to us. They are the nicest and most informative staff. They loved our puppy and treated him like he was their own. They are affordable and they did an AMAZING job. They even gave him a little Mohawk! They left my puppy happy, clean and adorable. So happy I found them! Never going anywhere else.
5	Five stars IS NOT ENOUGH!!Great price for a great doggy doo. We took our Yorkiepoo, Jack, to get his awesome little self groomed today. We were met by a friendly staff who whisked little Jack away in their arms. They asked a few questions about what we expected and off he went!We got a call about an hour later letting us know that he was ready to come home. Since we were expecting it to take longer (PetSmart takes like half a day) we were out running errands. They looked after Jack for us until we could come get him. When I came to pick our boy up he was happily hanging out in a comfy kennel. We love his cut and he came home very very happy. No more PetSmart for us. FOR SURE. Great price, too!
5	We have been bringing our baby Bolognese Bree here for 5 years now. We went to many, many, many groomers before Hot Dogs & Cool Cats. This is our last stop as we cannot say enough good things about them. The staff is wonderful and Terry the owner is the only one who grooms our dog. She treats our dog like she is one of her own. Our dog has Inflammatory Bowel Disease, Diabetes, Pancreatitis & a Stage Two Heart Block.Terry and her staff always make sure she caters to Bree's special needs and she even has her own special chair right next to Terry! We will never take our dog to another Groomer. Terry is the best, and her staff is always so friendly! We just love them and our dog ALWAYS come looking a gorgeous little fluff ball! Thanks guys for taking such good care of our baby and making her smell so good!
5	I have to agree with every post that has been written.  I have taken 3 dogs to Hot Dogs & Cool Cats now and each dog has been groomed beautifully.  The staff is remarkable and as others have said, Terry, the owner, is an exceptional person.  She remembers who you are and even makes you feel very welcome.  I will always continue taking my baby Missy to them.
5	They did a really good job cleaning up my dirty, shabby cocker spaniel and the job can't be beat! He looks and smells so good.We will definitely be coming back. Thanks Hot Dogs and Cool Cats!
5	We've been taking our labradoodle to Terry and the gang for over 4 years.  They are always friendly and exceptional with the animals.  Maguire always comes home soft, smelling "oh so NOT dog", and looking as dapper as a dog can be.  You won't want to go anywhere else !
5	Terri and her crew are still doing an amazing job.  She is talking about expanding!  I hope she does.  They are so busy it's hard to get in sometimes.  Recommend you make an appointment!
2	Having a hard time with cat groomers... I brought my cat into Hot Dogs and Cool Cats. First of all, the place is quite cluttered, and I was surprised that the counter was littered with the personal information cards of at least 10 clients. Secondly, I had been told that they do dogs in the morning and early afternoon, with cats in the mid-afternoon until close, giving me the impression that it would be a more comfortable environment for cats. Not true- dogs were being groomed before and after my cat's appointment, and several dogs were in kennels in the main grooming area. They did pay close attention to what my preferences are. However, thirdly, they nicked my cat's nipple while clipping her, and also left several bald patches on her sides. I can absolutely understand that animals can get scared and be unpredictable, and that nicks and slip-ups can happen. I would not be upset had they owned up to it. I didn't notice my cat's bloody nipple until I got home. No wonder I got some nervous, funny looks when I picked her up. It must have hurt- they HAD to have known. Be honest, people. Your clients will be apt to forgive little mistakes if they feel you are truthful. Today, it's a nick. Tomorrow, would you not inform a client that you felt something that might be a tumor, for fear you might upset them?
2	Ok, I read the reviews of this place. Seemed pretty mixed. When my mail person suggested them, I thought...ok, personal recommendation. I took my new-to-me small apso-poo dog, about 1.5 yo,  to them on Monday, I think it was, july 22.  I've had him two weeks. I cut out most of the mats. I said no perfume and no bandana and to cut it as is appropriate. He needed most of his hair off due to the person before me never having him groomed. I wasn't sure what to look for or at. The following day I noticed there was 'stuff' near his eye. I wiped it off and saw on both eyes, red areas. His genitals are red and a spot between his genitals and his anus is red. he keeps licking all these places. They said nothing. I'll take him back and be precise on how I want it cut. Let's see how the second time goes.
5	Before Molly passed away I would take her to see Terry for her day of beauty and they were so always so kind and gentle with my her, she was a senior.  Now I have a cat and I take him to see Terry to get his nails done. I could not ask for any more of awesome people to take care of my pets. I so much appreciate Terry and her team!! Thank you.
5	We have been taking our dog here for a few years now and we Love this place. They do a great job and are very friendly.
5	Love these people! They are quick and GOOD...and my dogs come home smelling awesome with bandannas! Professional and they seem to really care about m dogs.Adele
5	I moved here in September and had no idea where to go to get my dog groomed. I went to PetSmart because that is where I use to go, but their prices are ridiculous! Called around and looked at reviews. Took my dog there today and they are so nice and fit me in the same day I called (today)! I will DEFINATELY go here again :)
4	This place would be a five for me if they had a different phone answering system. You have to call them, leave a voicemail and they will return the call a day or so later to schedule appointment.My side to it is sometimes I get a day off and decide to get my dogs groomed last minute which doesn't work for them and Iv missed there return phone calls and have a hard time scheduling.They do answer in the morning sometimes which is a little better.I will keep going threw the run around with them because they are amazing. Best groomers I have ever been to and very reasonable.
