5	I found Anti-Aging by Olga on one of those coupon sites.  Its a little bit of a drive for me but boy is it worth the trip!!  She is up on all the latest skin like the micro sonic, gold facial, and much more.  I have seen such a improvement in my skin,  her treatments have improved my wrinkles I hardly have any now.  People ask me what I do to my skin I tell them about Olga and that I try to see her at least once a month.  I'm a customer for life.
5	I have been going to Olga for about one year and she has changed the texture of my skin. I look better now then I did a year age. Her microcurrent treatment is one of the best I have recieved and I've had many. The best part is all of the extra pampering she does while she is making you look great. I have recommended Olga to all of my friends and would tell you to give her a try. You won't be sorry.
5	What a wonderful experience I had today with Olga. I purchased a Living Social voucher for a microcurrent treatment. For all you rookies out there this is a facial using current to tighten and tone the facial muscles, like what an athlete uses to rehab an injury. Right from the start she was very prompt and professional, being an Esthetician I grilled her with a thousand questions and she was very knowledgable on the procedure and machine which is of a high quality. This lady has invested alot into her business.  I laid back in a heated massage chair and was covered with a blanket. That chair alone was worth the cost!!! The whole experience was very pleasant and not uncomfortable. For you ladies who want a mini-lift but cannot afford Ulthera or Thermage this comes in a close second at a fraction of the price!!  I have already booked my second appt.  She did not have any openings, but agreed to come in early for me.  This lady is a jewel !!!  For all you flakey people who book appts and then no show ( my pet peeve) that nonsense is not tolerated here. For someone who is as picky as I am it is very hard to please me, but she did and then some!!!
5	Today was my first treatment with Olga....first skin treatment ever for that matter. Olga is a very friendly person and made the whole experience very comfortable.  Face feels great ...can't wait to see the results...it takes about 3 days...have another appointment next week...will report back for sure :). Also, (a little off topic) the building that shares space with Olga has a number of fun businesses to visit! She directed me to Tom who sells awesome jewelry for VERY reasonable prices...I got a great treatment and a fun bracelet in one stop! Wahoo! :)
