5	Dresses and Blouses and Shoes - O MY!  Went to the VIP Opening Last nite - what fun: H&M knows how to throw and Opening Party!  (Officially opens July 22).The kids dept.  was so much fun - makes me want to take my daughter to Paris Now!  Cute hats, jewelry, tights, dresses, and eveything sparkly!Accessories galore.  (wish the shoes had higher heels). The prices were amazing for all the detail & style put into all the clothing.  OK, might go back tomorrow :-)
5	I'm happy we have a second H&M and I'm happy this one isn't so filled with business clothes or clothes of a genre one might dime 'heroine chic' (or maybe that's just me). This new H&M has most of their lines, lots of everyday clothes (cute tops, skirts, sexy dresses) and some more casual things too as well as some business wear (not to mention the cute bikinis and lingerie - lingerie is always my weakness). I'd love it if H&M opened a third location a little farther south. Maybe in the Chandler mall?
4	H&M. Must stand for Happy and Man. Cuz that's what I was after my shopping spree here recently. We scored three pairs of pants and three or four shirts for $150. And I'm talking styling threads dudes! Not some Buffalo Exchange leftovers. Loved that the men's section is on the entire first floor, right when you walk in. It's kind of divided up into three sections, with plenty of merchandise but not so cluttered you accidentally brush up against a strangers boobies while navigating the aisles. Would have liked a better selection of sunglasses (HELLO THIS IS ARIZONA) and belts (HELLO...Oh, I don't really have an end to this one...). H & M. Hot Merchandise. Holy Moses. Happy Man! Yep! Can't wait to return.
2	i'm a fan of, less is morebut those i found, inside this storecan't get enough, hoard trendy threads"eek! chic" for cheap,  we watched 'em spendi'd rather pick out, one thing nicethan get three shirts, for the same pricethat will not last, and you won't wearbeyond one season, and don't you daretell me otherwise, it's trueimpulsive purchase? we eschewedthe stuff was ugly, looked like asseverything we looked at, passperhaps the store is not for uswe came to buy, but had no luckanthropologie, brj crew, the hub, better by farfor us, i guess, go check it outsee what 'cheap chic' is all aboutget what you pay for, look & feelsometimes a deal, is not a dealso  H & M , dropping the "&"HMMMM.....guess I just don't, understand
1	i wasnt sure where the men's section was...
4	Beautiful store and great visuals. I have not purchased anything at this location...yet. Compared to the mens' section at the Scottsdale Quarter, this one is substantially larger. They have a pretty nice selection of dress shirts and pants. I just wish I wasn't in between sizes so often here. I generally find that the "L.O.G.G." (Label of Graded Goods) pieces fit me the best. Really great womens' selection upstairs that has definitely given Forever 21 a run for it's money. This is obviously a great place to find trendy, of-the-moment pieces for fabulous prices. Check it out!
4	The first H&M in north Scottsdale was quite the disappointment, so I was happy to see that this location was a big improvement!  It's much bigger, with a better selection, and I was able to find several wardrobe staples and affordable trendy items for a great price!I'll definitely make this one of my regular stops when looking for something new without wanting to break the bank!
3	ppl go nuts about this store, but after living 1 year in Germany and having it around the corner, I can't say I've missed it.What are those funny fabric designs? I seriously can't wear clown cloths. I just found some cute things for my nephews, and the underwear that has more that european style that I like. Other than that...I do miss more C&A that had more options.
1	I hate to break it to you all... but the long awaiting delivery of an H&M store in Scottsdale, turned out to be a huge disappointment! Ever hear the saying "Good from far, but far from good"?  This pretty much sums it up. The clothes are great for a straight figured person with no curves that only wants to wear their cloths once or twice. Otherwise you are SOL!  There is no quality control whatsoever, except that they are all made cheaply!  The only thing good I can say about H&M is the have cute accessories.
2	H + M = no bueno.  It's not that great.  Seriously.  I started going to the H&M in San Francisco years ago, and I would only maybe give that one 3 stars.  H&M is great if you want something cheap to wear out for only a couple of nights.  It actually reminds me of The Limited years ago.  (Hello?  Outback Red?  Anyone?)  I will say that the men's clothes are more worth the visit than the women's clothes.
4	so, since i'm a stingy bastard, i've neglected to buy a new upper body or lower body article of clothing in years. i've been doing a bit of shopping at goodwill but i don't technically consider that "new" clothing. on a recommendation, i stopped by H & M just to browse. even though we live around the corner from fashion square, i cannot stand to go there, mainly because i can't really afford to be spending any money there. i mean...luis vitton shoes? what? (i probably didn't even spell it right). anyway, i was pleasantly surprised at the store's selection. some trendy stuff, but also some general, classic style clothing. the prices are extremely reasonable for a nice, semi-fitted shirt. not too keen on the jeans...don't particularly care for flair on my jeans. didn't wind up buying anything, but when i eventually decide to upgrade my wardrobe after 10 years, i will stop here...before the goodwill.
4	Cool clothes and not too bad of prices. I'd call that a win.
4	H&M is one of my favorite stores to shop at! They have a huge selection of cute and not so cute clothes, but with that comment there is something for everyone since people have all kinds of styles. The prices are very reasonable and I was expecting to have to pay more for the clothes and accessories that what they were so it was a win win for me! One thing you do have to keep in mind is this is a fairly busy store and they do have a sufficient amount of fitting rooms but every girl has to try everything on so there may be a small wait :)!
4	This is the place to go if you want to dress like a hipster for cheap and with higher quality than Forever 21.
4	I've had a love affair with H&M since I studied abroad in France.  And since the H&M gods have determined that Denver isn't worthy enough to have one (yet?), I had to indulge a smidge whilst in Phoenix/Scottsdale.This location is large and comprehensive.  Men's on the first floor, women's and children's (there's a children's section now? when did I miss that!?) on the second floor.  A bit messy, but all H&Ms seem to have that flare.I could've spent beaucoup bucks here, but I limited myself to a few purchases since I knew I wouldn't be able to return anything.Long lines for the women's dressing rooms, so be prepared to wait.Overall, this was another excellent H&M location with offerings that one comes to expect from this fantastic store.Now, H&M, come to Denver!  We *need* you.  Okay, maybe I do, but I know I'm not alone.
3	I like H&M, especially the Fashion Square location.  The store is HUGE and they have clothing for many different occasions--dressy, casual, business-ey, intimate apparel, swimwear, plus accessories.  The quality of the clothing and accessories isn't amazing, but the inexpensive prices make up for this.  Most of the clothes are stylish; the first time I shopped at H&M I found TONS of cute things, but many didn't work for me after trying them on.  The sizes run small.  Definitely grab your size and the next one up, just in case.  This is a store where you should try on every piece of clothing before purchasing anything.  Keep in mind the employees "aren't allowed to leave the fitting room" to fetch you extra sizes.  You're allowed 7 items at a time, but they're happy to hold all of your items at the front of the fitting rooms so you can rotate in more pieces.  I often find myself running around the store in ill-fitting garments with their tags on, searching for the exact location of what I'm looking for.  It's a lot easier to go to H&M with a friend who's willing to help you find the size you need as you try on what you've picked out.  Returns are easy.  Just bring in your receipt within 30 days.  No hassle.
5	I looooove this store! Fashionable clothes at great prices!! I got an adorable bathing suit for 28 bucks total and a dress to wear to a wedding for $25! Yes, the lines are long, but it's worth it.
2	I love H&M... the clothes fit me well bc i'm tall and skinny, and they are high fashion with a low price tag. This location has the worst customer service out of any H&M I've ever been to though, and I've been to alot... but it probably has something to do with the fact that its in Scottsdale... Get over yourselves, you may work in Scottsdale, but you are a RETAIL employee
4	You are probably reading these reviews because you already know what H&M is. If you don't, then get out of your basement, and live a little.Ok. Now that the formalities are out of the way. This location is pretty good. Some advice if you are unfamiliar.1. Never shop at the cheap racks unles they are the sale racks. If you see regular priced stuff for $5, that means it is crap and polyester. Stay away. That shit will come back to haunt you. Go a little deeper in the store and spend a few more bucks and get the good stuff. 2. The men's dress shirts are awesome. 100% cotton. About $30-40 bucks. Perfect fit for most frames.3. Accessorize. If you are a fashion forward dude, this is the spot. 4. Cardigans. You might be able to pull one off. If you can, this is the place. Bottom line, don't be fooled by cheap "regular priced" items. This stuff is crap. Spend some cash because H&M has good stuff. You just have to look for it.Also the sizes run true in the Men's section. Feel good about that.Peace.
4	H&M consistantly has clothes that I like, for reasonable prices.  It's usually one of the 1st places I'll hit when I'm out shopping.  This location is much bigger than the H&Ms I've been too... it even has baby clothes!  So what was wrong?  Well, I was shopping with a guy who's a size 'L' and they barely had his size in the style and color he wanted.  Most of the things he found he couldn't get or had to choose another color in because they were out of 'L'.   I haven't shopped this location for girls as I normally shop in Cali but, I hope this doesn't happen to me too if I go back!Might see ya there.
2	I felt like I had walked into a bad 80s music video. The prices are good sure, but would I really wear a pink and neon plaid shirt or black pants with suspenders? No wonder our youth are getting bullied.
3	Quick Summary: Fashionable threads, way cheap prices, OK quality.More details:1. Service - Inconsistent. When I was there last Saturday, there were people on the floor frequently asking if I needed help (good), but the lady at the dressing room was somewhat rude and the cashier line was SLOW and just inefficient. 2. Tip: The store and dressing rooms ALWAYS seem to be packed, but the cashier told me that their slowest time is the first hour of the store opening each day. I would do that next time to avoid some of the crowd.This was my first time actually shopping there, but I am likely to return in the future.
4	Great selection. Reasonably neat and clean for a store you must ransack in order to discover the best items. I like the two floor layout. Rockin out two floors of Scottsdale Fashion Square is where it's at!
4	This is based on the day the Versace for H&M collection debuted. It was sheer chaos, but organized chaos. The staff was in good spirits, despite the chaotic environment. The styles offered to this store didn't include some of the pieces shown in the commercial. The normal H&M styles were very appealing, but all eyes were on the Versace for H&M pieces. The other styles were affordable in price. I enjoy this store, every time I visit.Tip- The $5 racks are most often not the best deals, as those clothes tend to fall apart.
2	Im pretty sure I read about Kim Kardashian's engagement, wedding, and divorce all while I was waiting in the 100 yard line to try on clothes here. Seriously, what takes so long to try on clothes?! Every H&M I've been to has a ridiculously long line, what's going on in there?Yes, H&M has trendy clothes for cheap (but ya get what you pay for). If you're looking for an item that you won't be able to wash more than twice before it unravels, then this is the place for you. Why 2 stars instead of 1, well the answer is simple. I do, on occasion, find some cute top or dress from here that I end up purchasing cause I can't believe the price. But, I'm quickly reminded as to why the price is cheap when I pull my top out of the dryer. This store also has shoes, hats, sunglasses, and jewelry to help accessorize you outfits and these items do seem to last longer then Kim K's marriage :)Also, expect to wait long for checkout as well. Those extra two employees, behind the register that aren't open, are probably doing something important.
4	Ah, H&M... This location at Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall is almost as nice as the first H&M I ever visited (NYC). This one is two stories -- men's stuff downstairs, ladies and kids upstairs. H&M has a variety of clothes and the prices are pretty reasonable. My favorites, their plain black (or other colors) t-shirts, are a staple in my wardrobe. I've also found other items like tank tops, some dress tops, and leggings. H&M also has accessories like scarves, hats, beach wraps, etc. Some clothes are more on the casual side and others are cute outfits to wear to the office, if you have to dress up there. They need to have a much bigger dressing room area! Long, long lines are NOT cool!
5	Like it.  Big place.
5	I was in the mall, and as I looked to my right, something caught my eye. Could it be?! the color was right, I was excited, and I was chatting to my friend but in midsentence I stopped and I couldn't contain my excitement. My friend was like, WTF?! and I was... OMG i Must buy!!! Dear reader, it was the red skinny jeans I always yearned for, and for years I would look at store windows I would pine to wear a pair. And with my recent weight loss, the time was ripe, I had to have this gorgeous, eye-numbing, eye-loving, ass-showing, leg-hugging jeans. So, I tried, loved, and bought. it was caveman easy. and from that day forward my wardrobe has forever been dazzled!
2	I understand that the clothes at H&M are cheap, but I don't care what kind of a 'bargain' Im getting, I cannot wrap my head around flat out RUDE employees. I was honestly floored by how abrasive, short, and far from helpful the people at this store were. It was honestly as if they were doing me a favor by being there! No thanks :), I'll walk over to forever 21 and spend a little less on something I'll wear for one season, and at least deal with employees that can crack a smile.
1	Horrible customer service! The garbage that they hire to work there are too busy hiding from customers too help anyone or are incredibly rude to you when you get up to the register! 0 eye contact, impersonal, rushing you or give you attitude when you dare ask them a question! Also, clothing and garbage are everywhere on the floor, it is a mini Walmart inside the mall.
3	Am I reviewing the brand H & M itself or this actual location?I love H & M clothing. Every time I'm at Fashion Square, I have to go in. Is the quality all that great? It depends on what you're getting. I love the jeans there, they fit well. And most of the clothing is true to size-which is great in my book. I love their Divided line! Some of the clothing borders ridiculous but the same can be said for Forever 21 or any other store like it. I would say the store is pretty well organized, aside from the clearance which is a total effing nightmare. The clothing is inexpensive enough to not even warrant sorting through all of that mess. Also, the shoes... They are scattered about through the store. Can someone please tell me how that makes sense? Put them all in one section!! Sometimes I find a pair of shoes randomly that I like and just can't figure out where the other sizes would be..could it be that only one pair exists in the store? Customer service wise? It's alright. I never see staff walking around asking if you need help-you're pretty much left to fend for yourself if you're looking for something. I've never had a problem with the cashiers, they're usually friendly and quick.
3	The store is not very well kept and the employees aren't very attentive, you are kinda invisible there, even when checking out or asking a question, they don't look at you or act like they are paying attention.  Cute stuff and great clearance though.
4	Love the brand, love the clothing. This location is always clean and orderly, though the staff could be less snobby but I don't go there for the people.  The clothes, for what they are and what you pay, last a considerable time and don't fall apart like other fast fashion brands. Cute stuff, though parking is a pain at this location.
5	Super clean store. Employees can be rude. Good sales and non sale prices. Always go here when I go to Fashion Square Mall. Lines can be super long on the weekends.
1	Clothes are Fun & Trendy but totally disposable. They last maybe 4-5 washing if you are lucky.Not sure what the deal is but the customer service is pretty bad for this day and age at Scottsdale Quarter. They never greet you and if you have a question or need help they act like you are a major pain. Check -out always is slow and non-eventful they really don't seem to care if you are happy and come back ever.
4	Spacious, two-level H&M, which caters to women, men and children.This store is typically organized and categorized by style which I love. Recently stopped in during their 50% additional to marked down items which caused a large amount of buzz within the store. Clothing, accessories, shoes to even beauty products H&M does a good job of providing low cost items that look good.Love that you can find, stylish or basic clothing here without breaking the wallet. I managed to find some basic tights here for a business casual look for only $2.50. The lines here go pretty quickly as they have two cashier running the front end of the women's section.The fitting rooms do get pretty lengthy at times, so be wary of that.
1	Honestly, I'd buy clothes from H&M in any city I'd visit. Regardless of the two story version here, or a megaton in LA/NY. But besides the clothes, everything else about this store sucks.The customer service I experienced two days ago was awful. An associate named Haley was working cash wrap was rude and very disrespectful. After waiting in her line (as there were two registers open) for 10 minutes, as soon as it was our turn, a lady came up behind up and she sent us to the back of a different line because there was only one line, according to her. After waiting in this one line for another 20 minutes, the manager comes to cash wrap telling the customers to please form two lines as there are two registers open. Not apologizing in the least bit, she rang us up in silence and gave us a rude look as we left. Please re-evaluate your employees and enforce better customer service, H&M. I'm disgusted.
4	The usual kind of so-so helpful staff. I can imagine they are extremely overwhelmed all of the time. The store was in horrible disarray and it seems they were choosing Saturday at 1pm as a great time to restock ?? Too much craziness.  They do have 15% discount for students or teachers... So that's nice :)
4	This store is place to go when you are on a budget and need a quick fix. It's fast, cheap and people are helpful and friendly. I am just not fan of 30 pairs of same pants on the table... And 100 shirts.... Too much stock on floor . It would be way easier to shop if there was less merchandise on the displays.
1	Aside from an EXTREMELY rude worker, all was fine. If you guys ever go. Stay away from a chubby girl, with gothic like make up, dark lips and all. She's REAL RUDE. She needs to either get a new job she likes or like the job she has. cause of her, I will NEVER be returning here.!
