5	Mary has been so awesome with customer service. I have been a frequent customer over the last two months. Trying to get this location recognized on Yelp took some doing, but finally it happened. This is a great location near the 215 freeway, but it is also is far enough away from the busy Arroyo Marketplace.This location has a dining room that is open late and is a good option to try their turkey hamburger.Some of the most friendly and best service I have received from a fast food restaurant.
5	This is my favorite Carl's Jr. location in town! The employees are super friendly and the restaurant is always spotlessly clean. I love Carl's low-carb lettuce wrapped burgers and the folks here understand what I want when I order that (they will seriously wrap ANYTHING ON THEIR MENU in lettuce to make it lower in carbs)! I just love this location, you can't go wrong here.
1	I went there today and the food was pretty good, but what grossed me out was the fact that the lady taking orders and bringing out food was also cleaning the bathroomsthey should have a separate crew for that! eww
2	The New Buffalo Burger Is GROSS"Stopped by here with the coupon that offeres you a free buffalo burge when you purchase a Medium/Large Buffalo Burger meal and when i tell you that it's the worst i've ever had from Carl's Jr that would be an understatement! I usually never have a bad experience but then again Never say Never right? Skip this new burger for SURE
1	The worst carls jr. I have been to in the Pacific time Zone.  Welcome to whale-burger. The service is slow and my food was cold.  If I wanted to reheat my food I would've bought it yesterday!  In the drive-thru there was only one car before our 3burger and 2side order, order and it took longer than 15mins because there was an issue with their order and the Carl's jr operator had to explain the situation to the other fat-neck turkeylegged-forearm smoking female customer why changing her order at the drive-thru window takes longer.  Hurry the famous-star up you double patty neck thickburger. Carl's jr operator, make that beached whale pull her smoking blowhole around so other people can get their already made food that's already sitting there getting cold which is all ready to be paid for and eaten.  There is a drive-thru line waiting to poach that humpback Honda accord and sell her to the Spring Mountain markets of Chinatown.  People are starving !After expressing my displeasure, they acknowledged their mistake and tried to rectify the situation by offering a free drink and a cookie and then asked if we wanted any condiments and we requested ketchup and ranch for the fried zucchini.  Still displeased by being nurtured with sweets for our time from sitting in a "fast food drive-thru" we paid form our cold food and drive three major streets over home to eat our food.  The fried zucchini was cold and I had to put it in the oven.  The burgers were smashed and slopped together in such inattentive mess that there was sauce all over the wrapper coating the outside buns of the cold burgers.  As if the Carls jr food assembly line took their frustration out on the successive cars who's only crime was paying for food behind a bad customer's poor order.   The food literally looked like garbage.  Pieces of lettuce soaked in condiments sliding around inside a wrapper slapped together with squished tomatoes and a smashed bun made the food very unappealing to taste.   The only thing that wasn't cold was my shake which melted from waiting and is now sitting in my freezer to be frozen again.
5	I wanted to write this review to recognize the staff member named Jodi. Very friendly customer service. I had paid and walked away without receiving my change bc I was in a hurry to eat, she brought my change to me personally. After grabbing my drink from the dispenser and went to wash my hands and the food was out at my table waiting for me. There was no down time for Jodi bc as soon as she was done taking orders she started cleaning tables. Very efficient employee I must say. Being that I own a salon with a staff of 20, I can appreciate a great employee. Needless to say the dining experience was everything I expected and more! Thank you Jodi :-)
