2	Ok, now I know what prison feels like.I went there twice already.  The first time wasn't that bad.  The upstairs bar itself (which is what I will be reviewing) is gorgeous...but please tell me who's smart ass idea was to not have the big resort style pool not blocked off is anybody's guess.  I am averaging my 2 times there.  The second time was just obnoxious.  They let my one friend in and refused to let me in.  In fact, I was ignored by security.  I don't know what I said in my fit of rage, but they ended up letting me in.  (I never felt so hopeless getting into a BAR!!!)  My pal and I finally got upstairs...people somehow kept on finding my feet, because I was stepped on at least 10 times.  But that wasn't the bar's fault of course.This place was the stereotypical prentious hell that I always try to avoid.  If I wasn't meeting a group there, I wouldn't have bothered. (And probably won't ever again)  The bartenders there are morons.  They have no idea how to make a drink.  They ran out of certain liquors.  It was madness.The funniest thing was a bunch of girls (who are obviously drunk) took of their clothes and jumped in the pool.  Yes, they were escorted out of the hotel.  I swear, somebody is going to fall in one day, completely drunk, and either get injured, killed, or just sue the damn place.And yes, I could do without the sand.  Ok I am done complaining...next!
3	I have to say I found this place to be slightly overrated.  I was extremely excited to check out the rooftop bar, hoping to recreate the feeling of The Standard in downtown LA.  Don't get me wrong the place is beautiful, but it's the kind of obnoxious beautiful that ruins itself by taking for granted the fact that it looks good and therefor lets everything else fall to the wayside.  First off, why is there a list?  Last time I checked you were just a hotel, right?  Last time I checked this was just Scottsdale, right?  I didn't really have any trouble getting in, but I don't need some minimum wage bouncer telling me he's feeling nice tonight for letting me in even though I am not on the list.  Well, I'm feeling nice tonight too... for not kicking you in the balls.  It didn't really piss me off until I got upstairs.  Are they just pretending to be exclusive?  Do they really think if they act like they're doing you a favor by letting you in that you will fall for all the hype?  If you're gonna check me at the door, you'd better bring it.  I'd better have just been let into freakin' heaven or something just as spectacular where I feel small and meaningless!  Otherwise, cut the crap.That aside, they created a nice little oasis in the desert.  Unfortunately, they ruined it by making it overlook some empty dirt lots with the only buildings in view looking like sad little shanties in the light of the moon.  I would have appreciated a better view.  The cabanas, pool, and floating candle bar were nice touches.  I can't complain there.  I also can't complain about all the desperate guys with cabana service just looking to flaunt their "wealth" by offering you free drinks.  Just make sure you have a sober buddy nearby in case they're roofied.
2	This place is off to a bad start attitude wise. The bouncers (not all of them but most) treat you like some bum off the street.I have been around the Scottsdale nightlife scene for 7+ years, so I know lots of people including club owners, etc and a few calls and VIP and in is no problem, but that's not my style because personally I think VIP is cheesy and has mostly wanna be people. Can't tell you how many times I have walked out of VIP after being invited in. Would rather hang outside VIP any day.Anyway back to the "W". On the soft-opening they had in September I went to the "W". A few people gathered around the door and not super busy inside so I figured I would just wait. Well after the door guy letting in a million people, he would not let me in. Was not like I had a crowd with me, I was solo, and I was dressed very upscale. So before I left I asked him his name just for the record, small world and I give people only one chance. I went around the other entrance, I knew the door guy and was in. Walked around for 10 minutes saw all the people who go to these openings to be seen, ran into some people I knew and left. Nothing worse than hanging out in a room of fake "worried about how the world views them" people. All trying to emulate some sort of social status.The prices seemed decent, Mondrian started charging $6 for a Bud Light then you add $1 for tip its $7. There is a difference between expensive and just plain gouging. I think "W" is still good on this area.A few weeks later went back and though there was no over the top scrutinizing at the door but it still had that bad unfriendly attitude.The atmosphere around the pool is cool and the architecture is cool. So if your into that check it out but be ready for the "Kent Dorfman's" doormen deciding your fate if you can come in or not.I'll probably give the place another chance but right now it scores low.
1	Ugh...I knew it. I have been avoiding this place like the plague, but I finally caved in and went with a friend who loves it and swears it's awesome. I don't know where else she goes, but man those places must be similar to hell. We started off in Sushi Roku, just for a drink. Drinks were good, your average $11 Cosmo, nothing spectacular but nothing bad. Staff was pleasant, the girl behind the bar actually acknowledged our existence and chatted with us, something unusual in this area. Next it was over to Shade Lounge, the lounge by the pool. Disaster. When we first got there it was pretty packed, we didn't have any problem getting in, but then again we are three 24 year old girls dressed to the nines. The cocktail waitress was great, chatty, recommended some great drinks, I can't remember what they were but the one I had was Grey Goose Orange and raspberries...tasty. We took a seat at a table that had a reserved sign on it, but the girl said it was fine, the people weren't arriving until later and she would let us know if we needed to move. Perfect, we were waiting for our group to arrive because we already had a table reserved elsewhere. Things were going great up until what happened next. Out of nowhere, this big monkey in a suit comes up to us and demands that we move immediately. That's all and well, buddy, but I want my credit card back before I just get up and walk away. The guy continues to tell us we have to move immediately because the group that has reserved the table is waiting....and waiting they were, right behind him, all 9 girls. What happened to giving us some warning. Talk about making your guests uncomfortable. We basically told him we weren't going anywhere until he brought us our check and card. Fine, he says. I'll be right back. Great, minus the 9 girls totally glaring at us, eh, awkward. So he comes back, he can't find our waitress and says, "I have another table for you, come with me, I am comping your drinks." So we decide this will suffice and we go sit at another table.....right next to the one we are already at. Um, call me crazy, but why couldn't he just seat the other group here? Whatever, we say, free drinks and a table, we are fine. No we are not. Our cocktail waitress comes over with the check. $40 for three drinks. This would be fine and expected at this place, except for the fact that Monkey in a Suit was supposed to comp our drinks. Not waitresses fault, Monkey's fault for not relaying the message. So, we explain the situation and we ask for the manager.  Mr. Manager in a suit who thinks he's the shit because he manages the bar at the W comes over. We retell the events of the evening and the guy literally has the balls to say this to me in his snotty little voice, "Well what do you want me to do about it? I already comped your drinks." Up until this point I wasn't really that pissed, I was just annoyed and wanted to bring it to his attention. What this jack ass doesn't realize is that I work for the only resort in Scottsdale that has managed to earn and maintain for more than 30 years consecutively five diamond and five star status (there are only three resorts in the world that have accomplished this). I'm pissed now. How dare you have the audacity to talk to a guest like this. The proper response would have been to apologize, and ask if there is anything else he may do to make our experience enjoyable, I would have been fine. I then asked him what his name was and who his supervisor was. He gave me his first name, Dominic, and refused to tell me who his supervisor was, he said he was the supervisor. At this point, I said, "Bring me the credit card, don't even think of charging anything to it, and you will be hearing from me, this is completely unacceptable." I immediately went downstairs to the front desk and spoke with Melvin, who was the most accommodating and friendly person I met in that hotel. Props to Melvin. I told him I was hoping to plan an event for the holidays and asked if he could get me some contact information...sneaky I know, but I wanted to make sure I got accurate info. He proceeded to give me all of the information I needed. Needless to say, I will not be returning to this place ever again, and I will not be recommending it to anyone.  In fact, I will be telling people exactly what I just wrote here. In addition to the typical wanna-be millionaires and the cougars and bimbos that flock to Old Town and the pretentious attitude that is all too common in these sub-par establishments, this experience pretty much ruined our night. We didn't even stay for our table that our friends had reserved. We headed over to Kazmierz for some wine and great jazz.
4	So it appears that the poor economy has effected the W. It seems you no longer have to be on the "list". The door guy is excepting $80 in cash for those willing to pay. Are you kidding me? The place is now over run with even more douchebags and boob jobs. However, I will continue to hang here despite the whole retarded scene. I like to watch the douchebags drool and the couches are comfy.
5	I did not stay at the hotel, but we celebrated a birthday at the lounge on top of the W, hotel. This was by far the best lounge I have ever been too. It feels like the W is sitting on top of all Scottsdale, it has a great view and the service is top notch. They have different sections of the lounge, one section has sand and nice lounge chairs that make you feel like your in Hawaii. We ordered food, and I recommend the Kobe Beef Sliders, I am not sure if I was just hungry or this was the best beef id ever had! The drinks were great too, a little on the pricey side, but what do you expect from the W.Overall this is a great spot. Whenever I am in the Scottsdale area I will definitely be visiting this place.
4	This is not a review of the hotel, just the lounge and rooftop bar. I was celebrating some birthdays with a group of friends and we decided to come here for the pregame festivities. I wasn't disappointed. The bar and lounge area are first class all the way. This was my first time in Scottsdale, so I could be wrong but I got the same kind of stuck up LA. vibe that I get back home from some of the people here. However, the staff was helpful and all off the waitresses are gorgeous. I mean all of them! It's probably a requirement to work here. A friend and I ordered the mahi mahi tacos and kobe beef sliders. While the tacos were just okay, the kobe beef sliders were the best I've ever had in my life! Please try them. And try the W if you're in town. But don't forget your collared shirt. Damn doormen
2	No Malibu Rum at the beach, really?? WTF people?? When I asked for Malibu Rum I was brought that fake ripoff crap Parrot Bay. Did I ask for Parrot Bay? No, so don't freaking bring me one and try charging me for it. I stick with the margarita pitchers here, folks. Not overly generous on the alcohol though :( and lastly, don't pay hundreds for bottle service and get stuck in a cabana with no heat!!!!Oh, and the guy candy is hit or miss. Sometimes, A OK... other times, hard to tell everyone apart since they are all wearing the same douche bags shirts and hair gel. (No fist pump necessary)!!!
3	First of all, this is the twin of the Standard in downtown LA ... a nightclub hotel. We ran into some issues on check-in and the hotel DID TRY to make up for their errors but it wasn't good enough. They kinda pulled through but as I said, "Not good enough." They COMP us bottle service at the nightclub which was less than par. I know it was about our GFs birhtday but let me tell you what happened. They COMP us VIP Bottle Service upstairs BUT when we asked what kind of music they said R&B. Now! We know what R&B is to us but they had a different version. The barback put our VIP service down and walked away noting that a waitress would be by to tend to us. 20 minutes later someone stopped by and acknowledged our presence then leflt. Well! I was thirsty and it was 12:08am and there was no drink in sight ... in Arizonah ... the desert to me 'Can a sistah get some mood water?! Yessh!" Then as I was reaching for the bottle of Grey Goose trying to open I was rushed by two different men. One guy on my left who was with another party and the waiter that dropped off our drinks. They were joking, and I tell you this, they had jokes! Bombarding me with "Oh! what cha think you doing? Try to open that. Just try!" I thought ... BEING FROM LA mind you where we can have bottle service and pour our own I was like "WHAaaaaaaaat?!" Then I realized what was going on as they were making jokes. Then I thought, "OH! You think! Oooh." I had to get up and walk away cause if them ignorant folks had a mind they would have known if I knew bettah then they would have known I wasn't from ARIZONA! Give me a break!! I wouldn't be reaching for the bottle!" SO! I got ... salty! I had to walk away and go cool off. I returned with a glass of champagne. One of the girls said, "You okay?" I said, "When I get like this, there ain't nothing no one can do for me." So I waited. Waitress who was suppose to be tending to us was flirting with a group of men. So another waitress came and tended to us. We tipped her good. Then the former waitress showed up asking why we were leaving. The other girls had to talk to her cause ... I was salty. Anywho we left there and went onto ... (follow the profile to follow the story) ...
4	This place is a great place to lounge and interact in that cool, suave atmosphere.  The servers are always super polite, and good at sticking around your table so your not left without a drink.  Bottles can be pricey but-c'mon-we're in Scottsdale-most bars have a pricey bottle service in the area-at least here they give you the proper amount of attention your paying for.  I've almost always had an awesome time here wether i have a table or not.  The crowd can get a bit older sometimes, but there is usually a good mix. And the DJ is usually pretty good as well.They also have a pretty good cocktail list-i almost always order a 'one a day' -refreshing cucumber cocktail.I recommend this place if your looking for a nicer night out and wanna get dressed up with the girls.
4	This place is cool just because of the way that it looks! I really liked the lounge area around the pool. My friends seemed to have a lot of fun that night. We were out celebrating that we finished finals and were all flying home for spring break the next morning. The drinks were pretty good but seemed like it might have been kind of pricey since it's a hotel bar area. It's definitely one of the coolest hotel bars I've been to. Seems like they screen for pretty people and let them in first. Helps to know someone who works there for sure. Some older guys (like 30's to 40's) got into a mini pushing fight for fun and one dude completely flipped over the couch. They were all too drunk to realize it, but they did do the whole, stand up, arms up "I'm OK!" thing. That was a bit silly
4	If you want to see, be seen, or just imagine yourself among the stars at a poolside party then this is the place to be!  I came to the W for special event, so the top area was closed off to our guests only, and I didn't explore the rest of the hotel at all, but this part was great.  If you are the type of person who enjoys ambiance, atmosphere, and a party atmosphere this would be the place for you.  Yes the drinks are pricey, but that's to be expected, it's worth it! I just wish that people would behave better when they are in places like this, it's a very nice, swanky place, and those around me acted like rednecks at the farm.
4	My boyfriend and I went here to grab some drinks after dinner. We got their early so they let us in without cover and we had the whole roof top basically to ourselves! We plopped down in one of the cabanas and lounged all evening next to the sand, water and fire. Great ambiance!
4	I stayed here this past weekend with my boyfriend who is a regular guest at this W due to traveling for work. They are a service oriented hotel and the word "no" was not uttered to a single request all weekend. The rooms are very cool, modern & fun, and not a single detail seems to be overlooked. The rooms are very clean and for the most part pretty quiet. We had a suite on the second floor and you could hear the party outside, but not at an obnoxious level. I personally love all the goodies they give you as well! The Lobby and bar of the hotel are also very cool. I love they way they have decorated this place, and I could sit down there and people watch for hours. It is obvious that the W is a place to hang out in Scottsdale on the weekends. It was definitely fun people watching, but my one complaint is if you are a guest of the hotel, you have to fight the "line" to even get into the hotel. It is obvious they attract a lot of business on a Friday and Saturday night, but there should be a separate entrance for those going to party. As a guest, I shouldn't have to fight through a pack of people to get into a hotel I am paying to stay at. On the upside, being a guest at the hotel offers you entrance to ANY event they are hosting. So, both nights we were able to walk into each event without having to wait in line, be on a list, etc. Also, they need to lighten up on the scented candles/air freshener they have going throughout the lobby! It is SOOO overwhelming! You can smell it from the street! Other than that, the W in Scottsdale is a very cool hotel, and there level of service is top notch. I definitely enjoyed my stay there this past weekend and I know my boyfriend enjoys coming back to hotel week after week while in town for business.
3	We stayed here the second weekend of November 2010 for two nights. The stay, would have been a very pleasant one if not overshadowed by the initial terrible experience. Upon arrival, exactly at 3am Saturday morning, we were told by the staff that their system closes nightly right at 3am and remains closed for 20 minutes and due to this fact, they would be unable to check us in for the next 20 minutes!!Imagine us, dead tired, after 6 hours of driving from Los Angeles, had to wait in the bar area alongside our luggage for their system to open up again! We almost passed out on the couches when after 20-25 minutes we were called and let known that we could check in! The tragedy was that this seemed pretty normal to the staff.I have stayed in numerous hotels all around the world and have checked in at different times of day and night, but definitely didn't expect this from a presumably high-end hotel. I can't say anything bad about the hotel itself or the service, but I believe they should be required to make this fact known to their guests before their arrival so they can plan accordingly.
1	HOTEL REVIEW: My experience and my opinion: Horrible customer service and staff. No apologies for the TONS of things that went wrong. A simple "we're sorry" would have gone a long way. For some reason, there was never a manager working when you needed one. Staff was very snoty-- from the shuttle driver, to front desk to security.
3	This is a very fancy bar/lounge on the top of the W Hotel in Scottsdale. It is undoubtedly beautiful in the evening and nighttime; ambient lighting, cabanas, bottom lit pool. I've done several modeling/runway shows at this lounge and it's perfect for large parties. Recently I attended their 3 year anniversary party (Wizard of Oz themed). SO STRANGE. I doubted the party planners' taste. The pool area is usually roped off down at the bottom of the stairs, but just ask the man at the bottom about the event and he'll usually let you in. It just appeared to be a private party when it wasn't. Drink prices are outrageously high, but if you want to be seen in Scottsdale, suck it up for this place. Only the fakest of the fake and true Scottsdale douches hang out up here. If you can look past that, you can and will have a good time.
2	Would have given 4-5 stars if not for the unacceptable, rude, and appalling service here.  I've never wanted to punch a bartender in the face more than I did here. I have had bad experiences in the bar a couple times before, but this last Saturday takes the cake!  first I get a completely different drink than I ask for, when I kindly ask for the correct drink, Miss witch-bartender gets upset with me, cuffs the biggest attitude and even yells at me telling me she gave me what I asked for, stomps off, tosses my correct drinks on the counter, and on top of that, overcharges me!! By far the poorest excuse for a bartender I've ever encountered. It's a shame too, because the place is gorgeous, one of the nicest spots in Old Town, and pretty good eye candy.  I have come here 7-8 times and always bring out town visitors here, but nothing will compensate the way you are treated here. Unacceptable!
