5	I went on a tour in 2009. I loved it do much I dragged another person along in 2012.  I felt like my tourguide hated me, and was resentful of me for being with my friend because he liked her more?  That was my second time.  From my first time, I cried when my laptop broke down after and I lost all my picture/vids from that tour.  It was AMAZING.Besides feeling isolated the second time, it was still fun, and I made friends from all over.  It was so flexible and lovely, and we took so many detours to awesome places with cool stories.
5	Awesome, awesome, awesome! Went on the 3 day Skye high adventure, which went to the Isle of Skye and Loch Ness, among other places. The hostel we stayed at in Loch Ness (Morag's Lodge) was great. The drinks were drink and the rooms were big, with en-suite bathrooms (which were themselves very modern and large). The place does have tartan carpet throughout, which is pretty funny, though. The tour guide was great - he wore a kilt for most of it and let us know at the end if he was wearing underwear. Nice. We had a mixture of people - early twenties to early forties and I definitely think the tour was suited to everyone. The land itself is the main attraction and the tour guide did let us have a little say in what we did on the last day (as in he offered a Whiskey tour and I don't remember what else, cause we all chose the Whiskey)
5	I went on a 3-day trip through the Scottish Highlands called Skye High Scotland and I will never forget it. Though I tend to avoid touristy activities, it seemed like the smartest way to see the Highlands which are some of the most beautifully majestic landscapes in the world. The tour company is geared toward active young people who want to make their cash stretch far as possible. Highlights included Stirling Castle, Glencoe, Loch Ness, Eilean Donan Castle, Inverness, Fort Augustus, Isle of Skye and Colloden Battlefield. My favorite stop was called Quiraing on Isle of Skye. Just stunning, breathtaking scenery! The lodging arranged by the tour was at Morag's Lodge in Fort Augustus, just along the Loch Ness. This place was warm, clean, very comfortable and they prepared really great food for us. By night local musicians performed as we had a tartan toga party and learned traditional Scottish folk dancing! It was a ton of fun. Check out my pictures: http://bit.ly/16xJ0nC
5	Just before Hogmanay I went on the three day tour called Skye High, it was amazing! The many reason I enjoyed it so much was because of the amazing guide we had. Keith had so many facts and stories about all the places we saw. You could also tell that he really enjoyed sharing them with us and that made them even better. The accommodations along the trip were also very nice. The first night we stayed in Morag's Lodge in Fort Augustus, right near Loch Ness. It was very nice and clean with good size bathrooms. The most fun was the trivia quiz we did in the bar later that night. The second night was on Skye at a place called Saucy Mary's. This was a little more of a true hostel with one two bathrooms on each floor and 5-6 people in each room. But at night the bar was in full swing and they even had a band. Overall the entire experience was great. If you are planning a trip to Scotland in the winter though be sure to remember all your warm and water proof clothes!
