4	The Paseo Trail travels through Chandler along the Consolidated Canal.  It runs mostly N-S, connecting to other trails along the canal in Mesa and Gilbert, totaling around 18 miles.The trail is mostly paved on the east side of the canal and pea gravel hard pack on the west side.  It runs along subdivisions, golf courses and even a couple farms.  The grade is very gentle throughout.  I would consider the trail primarily for use by joggers, bicyclists and equestrians.There is parking at the address listed for the trail and nearby parking at Tumbleweed Recreation Center at McQueen and Germann.  There is also easy to find street parking near many of the junctions with major streets.  A good southern starting point is off of Riggs Rd. between Arizona and McQueen.  There is plenty of street parking.  From here the ride north is mostly a slight uphill ride, making the return trip a nice relaxing roll.One issue with the trail is crossings with major streets.  Most are not marked for motorists as trail crossings and there is no crosswalk so you may be faced with a relatively long wait to get a break in traffic or forcing the issue and forging ahead with care.
4	Fabulous paved trail running from Chandler Heights on the south to Warner Road on the north. The major street crossing are easy enough to negotiate - especially on a bicycle. The only downside of the trail is the exposure. nearly all of it has 100% sun exposure - not a problem in January, but it can get a tad toasty along the trail in June. No water or rest room facilities.
3	this is a great trail! quiet, long and scenic. so if u are ever in the area or visiting from outta town like me definitely check this trail out.  =) just go early in the am as it is AZ and it gets real hot real quick!
5	I discovered this trail while doing some online research and decided to check it out in person. The trail starts at the southwest corner of Gilbert and Warner Roads in Gilbert, Arizona, and is paved all the way to Queen Creek Road, some 6.5 miles to the southwest. It offers a nice variety of scenery, considering its location in one of the largest urban areas in the country, and in fact several farms are located along the route. At no time was I ever bored by the passing scenery, and I might even take my camera along for some future excursion along this route. Highly recommended, especially for avid cyclists who want to avoid car traffic and congestion as much as possible.
5	I love this trail for many reasons.  First of all it's close to home! haha Oh wait that might not be true for everyone!  This trail is paved for biker, runners, cyclists, and even roller bladders.  It's well lit and you feel safe being on this trail in the evening time.  There are water stops every couple of miles on the trail and there are shady parts too.  The trail is mainly in the sun, so make sure that you wear sunscreen and a hat.  Also, there are bags and trash cans on the trail for your pets!
3	Nice trail. It reminds me a bit of a desert version of the Constitution Trail in Bloomington/Normal, Illinois. It was exactly as described: paved, ran directly next to a canal, goes through various parts of town and crosses main roads nearby the crosswalks. However, being in town on business, I wasn't aware of where else to park and jump on, so I parked at the address listed which ended up being a park. I liked that there were bathrooms available BUT, although in the middle of a residential area, there was a transient resting on the bench directly outside the bathrooms. I didn't see him at first and I was the only one parked and in the park. Scared me a little when I ventured down the path alone as well as when I came back to get in my car. The trail itself was nice, and as others have posted, it was in direct sunlight the entire time. I thought it was pretty, but without any shade and the only view besides houses was the canal, it got a bit boring. Perhaps if I venture to try this again, I will try to locate a better spot to jump on for some shade and different scenery besides houses and canal. :)
3	Well - I am not sure I consider this a true "trail."  It's more like a paved bike/walk/horse path in the middle of Chandler. What I like is that it's not normally very crowded and it's in good condition (no cracks in pavement or overgrowth on path). Would be awesome if it connected to the Consolidated Canal so you could just stick to the trail and avoid using roads if you wanted a longer ride (I use this for biking when I don't want to deal with traffic). It's not scenic and I don't think it's meant to be. Its purpose is to give people a safe trail to use for outdoor activities. One thing I will mention - It does go by a cow farm which can get a bit "aromatic" during the warmer months.
