2	I got my hair done at this place and I left that place looking like I was ready to play bingo. I gave them a 2 star cause maybe they can do a better job if you tell them exactly what you want. For now, I think I am ok. I will have to go somewhere else to get my hair done
4	I decided that with the weather getting hot, I needed to chop my hair off and remembered seeing this shop on my drives home. The shop owner was kind enough to keep her shop open late to accommodate my work schedule, because I wanted to come in on the same-day. When I got there I told her I wanted a simple A-line cut bob, and as she proceeded to cut my hair off, I asked her "how red can you make my hair?" (I have very dark brown hair and a lot of times it is difficult to make it as red as I would like) and she asked me to choose which shade I would like (a vibrant red-violet) and told me she would try.About two hours after her normal closing hours, I was done. I really liked that she gave me exactly what I asked for and was impressed she hadn't told me to return for the dye job like I expected.
5	Not everybody can cut cut Asian hair, so when I find someone that can, I stick with it.  I'm usually in n out like the burger...quick, affordable, and good.  And it's close to my hood too.  Plus after the cut, I get to have some burrrrs at Lucky's next door!!!!C
5	The best haircut treatment I ever got... Mostly because the woman over there understood exactly what I want my hair to look like without me trying to explain so hard and she did it perfectly...
5	This spot is great! Stopped in before going to Life is Beautiful, and haven't gone anywhere since! Sunna is great. I just come in and she knows my cut and nails it every time. I won't be going anywhere else anytime soon.
5	Love this salon! Not only is it close to my house it is the go to place.I had my first haircut and color done here.I enjoyed my first visit experience & have been going there since. Sunna is the owner of this place and she is very friendly,easy to talk to and you can trust her with your hair.I highly recommend this place!
5	Sunna is so sweet and very easy going. Very friendly and makes your time at her salon worth while. My aunt recommended me to Sunna because she is always happy with the outcome of her hair and continues to go to her ever since her very first visit. She convinced me that I can trust Sunna to do a good job with whatever Im looking to do with my hair. Sure enough, she was right. I went to Sunna for a trim and to dye my hair I loved her finished work.
