1	I bought the same Living Social deal as the other reviewer. My experience was similar - it seemed to be very little (if any?) medical management and more pill pushing. No thanks. I can go to my own doctor and get a script for Phentermine for a lot cheaper. I won't be back.
1	My experience was very similar to the other two. I also bought the living social deal. It took the staff 10 minutes to figure out i was a new patient. And 2 of the 4 people working there said the deal included more but then said they werent really sure. The person that did my consultation was not too bright and really had no clue what she was talking about. All she did was read a script. Anytime I asked a question she had to ask 3 others and they would come up with an answer. The Dr. is a joke. Very nice man however I do not really think he is a dr. He cared more about the other weight loss clinic i had previously went to then helping me. When it came time for me to get the supplements the girl at the front desk was too busy gossiping to help and again could not answer any questions. There were several others there that were unhappy and or confused as well. Not a good place and in a horrible location.  I will never go back to this place again.
2	As others have said, this place should not purport to be a "Medical" weight loss clinic. It truly is a "get what you pay for - here are some pills that will help - you figure it out - and don't die in the meantime."  The staff is friendly and tries to be helpful.  It isn't their fault that their employer has not designed a system that will provide truly supervised medical weight loss. But if you want quick and easy access to B12 shots and appetite suppressants, this place will serve you well. I wanted to lose 6 pounds and I did it in three weeks.  If you have serious weight loss needs or truly want someone to show you the way, this is not the place for you.
5	The staff is wonderful and very helpful. I lost 1lb today, and I went yesterday. The clinic is very clean and you need to go weekly so they can monitor your weight loss.
5	Need to lose a quick 15-20 lbs? This is the place to do it. I've been looking for a place like this since I moved to AZ almost a year ago. They don't tie you in to some BS 1 year contract, they don't waste your time with in-house workouts and meetings to go over food journals, there is always a nurse or nutritionist here to answer questions if you have any.  It's simple and effective, and very affordable. So if your like me, and already know what you need to do (eat healthy and exercise) then this place will get you to your goal.  I go with the basic energy plan, it's 25 a week. Just remember, there is no magic pill that will make you skinny while living an unhealthy lifestyle. But if your committed to getting in shape, the medication you get here is a HUGE help.
4	So far so good
5	I just went here yesterday (using a Groupon) and the place was really nice inside, yes the area isn't all that great, but oh well.  The MA, Rosalie, was super!!!  So nice and informative.  She took her time which was nice for the first visit.  The NP, David, was super knowledable!  Very nice guy and was careful with the prescription due to my other medication.  I think this place will be a good asset to my weight loss.
1	After driving 25 minutes to get there - my husband and I got there a few minutes after 2pm on a Saturday. Long line a client complaining of the inconsistencies they have. I wait in line for over 10 minutes for them to tell me it's 2:15 and we close at 3. We don't take new clients the last hour. Nice customer service.
5	Purchased Groupon. Great deal!  Not in the best area but the office is very clean and nice.  Professional & friendly staff.  Staff was very informative and answered all my questions and concerns.
5	I love this place!  I couldnt imagine loosing the weight i did without thier help.  The staff is very friendly,  the prices are very reasonable,  and the diet plan is very doable! Its not extreme in any way.  I only wish they would bring back their buy one get one free Tuesday's instead of just the 1st tuesday... Which only makes it more chaotic than it already is..  Only because the word is getting out on how wonderful this place is!!
3	So I'm here waiting in the lobby for over 30 minutes now because I was told my appointment was @ 10am- when they actually recorded it for 11am. So, check- RE check and CHECK your appointment time again and again; unless you like wasting your time. At least I can say that the girls at the front desk are super nice and have apologized for their error- very irritating- but I'm here, let's roll with it-
1	Be very cautious, this business does not list any names or credentials for medical professionals and they do not run any tests or ask for physician clearance before starting the patient/client on these supplements or medications. In recent years, many supplements have been taken off the market due to potentially life-threatening side effects and lack of proof that they are safe or efficacious so PLEASE discuss this diet with a board-certified medical physician before starting. As per reviewer Lena M., this is a great place to go if you want diet pills with no fuss and no muss.  However, if you are concerned about safety and efficacy, think twice.
4	I started coming to this clinic because I needed to lose a few pounds and I was pretty amazed at how it worked.  The medicine is pretty awesome. The bad part is you have to take drug holidays that last 4 weeks and you are without medicine all that time.  The facility itself is small and wait times can be obnoxious.  In addition to that everyone brings their numerous amounts of kids into the clinic, even though they have requested that kids should not be brought to the clinic. This is written in Spanish and English, so the customers are rude and inconsiderate, and if you hate kids as much as I do, this will annoy you!
5	If you've ever used phentermine, B12 combo this is the place for you. You won't believe the amazing prices. The crowds are obnoxious sometimes but for a no  frills physician supervised weight loss program, money well spent. Highly recommend.
1	If you like to spend hours waiting in a lobby with loud people and screaming children then this is the place for you!  The employees including the PAs are more concerned with their personal conversations then servicing customers.
5	I did there basic program and lost over 45lb in 5 months they are great! Prices are better then any one in town. I just wish they would have a office on the east side so I could get there more often.
3	Wow, I read the reviews from the Living Social people above and my experience was nothing like that. I was encouraged to see how the Living Social plan worked for me and no one ever tried to upsell me. I lost weight regularly with the Lipoden injections. The only issue I ever had was that an extern MA there didn't really know the product but if you talk to Toni, she'll explain it all to you - as many times as you need. I've been very happy there and continued once my Living Social deal was complete. I would recommend the program to anyone who already knows what to do to lose weight (good nutrition, exercise) but just needs a little help staying on track.
4	Ill sum up what a lot of other Yelp reviewers have said. Location: In a seedy part of town. It is located in the store strip right next to the QT gas station. Inside smells strongly of air freshener..Not the good kind. Too over powering, but it seemed tidy. It is small with few places to sit with the amount of people in there. However the people seemed to shift in and out pretty quickly. Staff: Was friendly and informative. They got me in and out pretty fast. considering I was a walk in as well.Products: I came in only interested in the Phentermine. They have an intro special for new patients($10 for 2 weeks supply). After that it is $15/week. No consultation fee either. They also gave me a free B12 shot as well. You can only get up to 2 weeks at a time and then have to return for remainder. I was first seen by an assistant who took my weight, fat composition etc. Then we chose a calorie/diet plan. She thoroughly went over everything I am supposed to be eating daily. It's pretty common sense and I already knew everything so she was able to skim through pretty quick. I was then seen by the doctor who went over the drug information and my meal plan as well. Phentermine: I was put on 30mg. Today is only the second day, but I have been on drugs similar. I have a high tolerance, so upon taking it yesterday didn't really affect me drastically. I was already quite tired upon taking it, and that didn't change much throughout the day. I felt a slight surge mid day but that quickly went away. I have to say my appetite was nil. I had to force feed myself and remind myself to up my water intake. I had no issues sleeping either. Ill see how things progress once im on it for a while. If you are looking for a plan to really help change your lifestyle and eating habits..probably not the place for it. If however, you are like me and lead a decent lifestyle but just need a little push, this place is it. Compared to other places I researched you cant get better prices. Everywhere I looked charged you $100+ for just the consultation and that didn't include the price of medicine.
