5	Went to Dr. Scott Lee on a recommendation of a friend.  I already went to another dentist because I needed a root canal and new tooth.  The first dentist was going to charge me just $1200 for the root canal plus more for a permanent tooth.  I work for the state so my insurance was crappy so I expected to pay a lot.  When I went to Dr. Lee he said that the root canal and permanent tooth was going to be a little less then $600 out of pocket with my insurance.  I was in total shock! Made an appointment and had the root canal done.  Dr. Lee was very gentle and I hardly had any pain after the root canal.  He also measured me for the permanent tooth and gave me a temporary tooth.  When I went back to get the permanent tooth he just put it in and I was done.  The staff is always pleasant and very helpful!  I always feel welcomed and I know I am always be taken care of when I go there.  I made Dr. Lee my permanent dentist even though I have to drive all the way from Henderson to see him but its worth it!  I recommend Dr. Lee to anyone.
5	Hands down best dentist on the planet! Coming off a very bad experience with Floss Dental I was apprehensive about this place but right from the moment I stepped into the place I had a good feeling about it. No frills, overly sweet and chatty staff, just a good, quiet, state-of-the-art dental facility. After my xrays Dr. Lee explained to me in a matter of fact manner all the problems with my teeth. (The last dentists had told me things were not so bad and then drew me up a $8000 plan to fix what was wrong!). Dr. Lee did not at any stage push me to do any unnecessary cosmetic procedure. I have started my treatment with him (it'll be a long process) and so far I'm very happy with his work and his office environment.
5	I've always been terrified of the dentist. This is the first dentist I've been to in my life that was able to fill a cavity without me feeling any pain. I highly recommend Dr Lee and his staff for they have made going to the dentist a breeze.
