3	Great food, but service is extremely slow.I ate at this place for the first time last night, meeting my dad and a number of his friends out there. I had never eaten here before and was definitely curious to check out a new restaurant, as I often am. The place scores instant points for atmosphere. The bar section and restaurant sections are "nicer" than you'd expect in a typical establishment such as this, but not quite what I would call "upscale" either. It's just right. I also give them major credit for separating the "bar" and "restaurant" sections, this is a great thing I wish more establishments would do. The food itself was very good. I ordered a Chicken Parmesan Sandwich, and it is definitely one of the best I have had - covered in cheese, with just the right amount of sauce and chicken. Whoever their chef is, he definitely knows what he's doing. I also had some of the Tomato Soup with it, and once again, easily one of the best of its kind. If such great food, then why only 3 stars? The service was just too damn slow. Granted, we were part of a big group, but I still can't help but wonder if having 1 or 2 extra servers in the place would have made a difference. A sign on the entrance even announced that servers were having to go back and forth between the restaurant and bar. I likely waited 10-15 minutes before I even had something to drink, and it was probably 30-45 minutes into our sitting down before we even got to order! I know Sundays are generally slow, especially nights, but even a single extra server could have made a world of difference here.Despite the service issues, I can not deny that the food was excellent. If you are in the neighborhood, I strongly recommend checking the place out (provided you are not in a hurry to go anywhere else.)
4	Nice neighborhood spot.  Food is definitely above average for a pub.  Kathy is a great bartender and her level of service is one of the reasons we return.
3	Food is okay, always busy here. Bartenders are nice. Machines always pay out!
