4	Looking to go out instead of ordering a pizza in? Streets of New York has awesome pizza and other Italian dishes as well. The pizza is deep dish and TASTY. It's been reliably good over the years, and continues to offer cuisine that both pleases me and my boyfriend. Not an easy task! It's also great place to hang out with friends when everyone has different tastes because who doesn't like pizza? This location is my favorite in the area because it is bigger, more open, has TV's, and yet still maintains a nice restaurant feel as opposed to manly bar feel. Enjoy!
4	Our team ordered a pizza while we were in a business meeting and the guys were great in delivering it on time. As a bonus the pizza was great. I'm usually a stickler when it comes to crust, and this stuff was great. The only thing I didn't like was that the margarita had tomatoes on it and not tomato sauce. Just a personal preference. Also wish they added the basil leaves at the end to keep it from fully cooking/charing.We'll be ordering from here again.
3	I was hungry for pizza and decided to stop at this little pizza place, since I was in the area. The menu is extensive, and of course, since I wanted to get a pizza to go, I didn't get a chance to try any of the menu items.  However my waitress went over several of the items with me, and she was very pleasant and easy going.  I wanted the pizza in a box, but also wanted to have a slice at the restaurant, since I was starving, and she readily agreed.The pizza comes in thin crust and "traditional" - and the crust was baked just right.  The topping were skimpy, and the sauce was bland, to my taste.  But overall, a good pizza.
4	in the interest of full disclosure: to be fair, I never eat *at* this location, I always get it delivered.I LOVE the pizza here! One of the only local pizza places I know that offers Green Olives as a topping option (although once, when I had it delivered, I think they subbed Kalamata Olives and it was definitely not great - I would have appreciated some sort of warning). My only problem is the coupon codes rarely go through when I order online, and it's not exactly inexpensive food! Great quality though, and the delivery drivers are always super nice.
3	Usually we go to the location nearest us, but somehow decided to visit this one instead.  It's quite a big larger, but I'm happy to report it was pretty dead on a Monday night.  Just the way I like it.  Pizza was hot with no soggy middle.  I prefer a little spicier sauce, but have no real complaints otherwise.  We were served some complimentary bread balls...I'm sure that's not what they're called, but it's what I remember.  Some were fresh, some were obviously not.  Must have been a mix of freshly baked and what was leftover from an hour ago.  Of course I ate them anyway.  They were free after all!
3	I've been to @StreetsofNY a couple times now for a quick lunch, and I have to say, I think they're doing a really good job with the quick and easy.2 slices of cheese pizza and a drink for 5 bucks is hard to beat. ($.50 for additional toppings)The service is fast and friendly.Definitely going to be going here a lot, since it's both close to work, and fast.
5	Staff is welcoming. New thin and crispy pizza is really good. Reasonably priced wine.  Great value for the money.
4	The Sandwiches and othe dishes looked great, but we had Pizza and Wings. The WINGS are AWESOMEand the wing sauces! I had a thing rust pizza, and the table also ordered 2 18" pizzas. The Toppings were great, and complimentary garlic bread sticks were great. I love thin crust, but according the rest of the table the best thing about the NY pizza are the toppings and that the dough and tomato sauce were good, but not great. In the end our expeience resulted in WINGS outweighted Pizza... but totally worth going to, and the visit... next time we're in town I hope to try the sandwhiches and pasta.
3	I consider this to be average pizza. Crust ok. Didn't have enough sauce or it wasn't that flavorful. We got mushroom, sausage, and pepperoni pizza which was pretty greasy. Extra large for $23. Not the best I've had, but not the worst either.
1	They should change the name to Streets of Bejing because their pizza, wings, and sandwiches are about as far from New York as anything I've ever experienced!Even the worst New York pizza is better than what this place is serving up.The wings tasted like they were dipped in vinegar.  No flavor.I've eaten at this location several times, each time thinking how maybe I just got a bad dish, or they were off their game that day. Not the case. Good thing for the owners how most people in Arizona who enjoy S.O.N.Y. have never tasted real New York Pizza and wings, otherwise they'd have been out of business long ago.I will never grace their doorstep again, even if they were giving it away!
3	Good Lunch specials, pretty standard fare. Pizza was good, crisp crust, savory sauce, a bit too greasy for my preference but a pretty above-par slice. Caesar salad wasn't anything to write about. Wings were baked and the sauce isn't really 'sauce' but some strange vinegar baked on spice blend. Had worse, but definitely not anything I'd order again. Every table gets some parmesan cheese breadstick bits with dipping sauce, greasy stuff, but tasty. Lots of parmesan, salty, with a cup of marinara which was savory and made with tomato chunks instead of a puree, same as the pizza sauce. Beers on tap, but no Peroni, draft or bottle. Sacrilege for an italian restaurant. Great service, fast and friendly. Worth noting at least.
3	Streets of New York serves a decent pie.  Contrary to what some people say it's even better than some NYC pie.  I've had plenty of mediocre slices in the city that allegedly has the best in the world.  The 2 slice & a drink lunch special for $5 is hard to top in the area.  You can spend more of a lackluster value meal at McDonald's across the lot.  I've also had the lasagna.  Decent meal but the portion is too small.  Yeah, you'll find better around but Streets of New York isn't bad.The service is always good.  One nice touch is that they will show you the pie before you walk out the door with it.  I've never been anywhere else that does that.  They make sure you're satisfied before you leave.
2	I knew I wasn't going to be blown away by this pizza. I kept my expectations low. Rececntly Donald Trump took Sarah Palin to Famous Famiglia in Times Square for a slice of pizza. It was kind of odd for a guy who wants to epitomize NYC chose a chain, owned by Albanians. Then he chose to eat the slice with a fork and knife? Well, the pizza here at Streets of NY, makes me wonder what street in NY would I find this pizza? None. This is okay pizza, but it is not NYC pizza. The similarities end at the point of them both being round. The pizza here is okay. It is on par with Oregano's or NYPD. It is obviously better than Domino's or Papa Johns - how do they stay in business?? Its just not good pizza, its just pizza.
3	Love Streets of New York! They've got great pizza and great subs and this location has great service. Very cozy, casual, just a great place to grab a bite, a drink and unwind. They have lots of different pizza options, including gluten-free! I happen to enjoy thin crust, which they do offer.Their wings are pretty good too, and they bring out some delicious galric knots to munch on. Often I'll place an order for a veggie sub, which is toasted, and it's very large and filling.You can't go wrong :)
5	Streets of New York is an awesome place for lunch (and I would guess it's also great for dinner but more pricey). They have great lunch specials, yummy satisfying food, and quick friendly service. - Pizza: Very satisfying. The crust is thicker than normal new york style pizza (which I like because it makes it more substantial) yet it's still nice and light. I guess I woudn't technically call it "New York" style pizza BUT it is really good pizza regardless. The sauce is flavorful and well balanced and there's lost of cheese that doesn't slip and slide all over like most new york style slices. - Salads: Great! Usually pizza places have lame salads, but Streets of New York has fresh ingredients and a lot of different salad options (like pear blue cheese, spinach, greek, cobb, etc.). The dinner size is sizable enough for an entree (if you can sneak some bites of someone else's hot food to round it out).
4	I usually just order there food for lunch. I LOVE their white pizza with garlic shrimp and the white garlic chicken. I order their wings suicide hot, and while they are not "suicide" by the mere definition, they are very delicious. They put fresh jalapenos in there as an added bonus. Me likey. I also really, really like their turkey sandwich and their philly cheese steak is the bomb! I am eating their antipasto salad right at this very moment and am very pleased. YUM! Their delivery is super quick and the drivers are ALWAYS SUPER NICE! I have ordered from quite a few different locations around the valley and they have all been very consistent and down right tasty! Kudos Street of New York! I am a fan. Oh yeah, I also like the fact that they are a local company and do a lot of sponsorships for local kids teams... that is always super refreshing to see!
1	Picked up my last pizza Oder today from Streets of NY.  They told me the order would take 25 minutes.  I was there in 20.  What I got was a cold over cooked pizza with very well done wings.  I asked for an extra blue cheese for the wings and was told it would be an extra 50 cents.  Never had to pay before.  Not a good sign when only about four tables with people for dinner at 7pm.  They need to go back to New York to see how it's done.  Too bad, it used to be a good place.
2	I have eaten in, and done delivery now. So...eating in, pretty darn good. Passion bread is a perk, and the pizzas are great. Wings, not bad. Delivery...something bad happens on the way to the drop site. I think, well my boyfriend and I hypothesize, that since they bake their wings/boneless wings, they aren't as crispy. But maybe, during the drive over, they get even more soggy.  I predict there are better places to get delivery wings on a Sunday Funday football game dinner. But make up your own mind...
4	Tried the New York Combo. It was good pizza. It taste like a NY pizza to me. They open the box for you to look at before you leave. I love the service.
4	The pizza was very good.  The service was very friendly. The outdoor deck upstairs is a nice touch that makes it a more pleasant place to eat and the decor was a hit with our children.Good place to grab a pizza.
2	Today I stopped in the local Streets of New York for lunch and I had the "make your own pasta" (lunch portion). The sauce was great as always but the pasta was very soft and falling apart (I had penne pasta), certainly far from al dente. The meatballs were lukewarm inside. This is not the quality I've had in the past from this location. I know management has changed over the past year or two. Two years ago I would have the same dish and garlic bread was served with the dish. No more. Garlic bread is now a side dish which is extra. During the preparation of my meal I could hear the "cook" asking the waitress about my meal as if he didn't know how to prepare it. The waitress never asked me if I'm enjoying my meal or the quality of the meal. I'm sorry to say that I won't be back to this location for awhile. If you want authentic Italian, go a half mile south to Andreoli's.
2	Meh. I feel like the pizza at streets of new york is pretty plain jane.I came here for lunch with my boyfriend, the restaurant was clean and not too busy. Actually,  it wasn't busy at all.Our server was nice, but we didn't see much of her so when we needed something,  she was nowhere to be found. We were pretty hungry so we started off with the garlic bread sticks. When they came out, it looked like melted cheese on hot dog buns. The bread was frozen previously,  you could tell by the way the bread reheated and tasted. The marinara dipping sauce was also very watery and tasteless. When our pizza came out, there was so much grease on it, I was surprised.  The pizza was also pretty plain. Nothing special. Overall,  I'd say that streets of new york is an over priced pizza place fir those who also enjoy pizza hut & dominoes.
5	We love this location! Samantha is a great server!She's fast, friendly and always is smiling no matter how busy it is.We usually get a bottle of wine and 2 slices! Always excellent!
4	I was really in the mood for some wings with my Sam Adams Summer Ale, so I decided to try their hot boneless wings. A full plate of boneless chicken wings came properly sauced, crunchy on the outside and tender on the inside, with red pepper flakes added to the sauce for heat. Quite good with the side of blue cheese dressing and celery strips.I also decided to try (of all things) the Tuna Salad sub with Pasta Salad as a side. Wow! I've never had tuna salad with dried cranberry in it, but this was very good, especially with an added slice of provolone. It tasted fresh, with a little crunch from celery and red onion, and just a little bit of mayonnaise. The Pasta Salad side was large, creamy, and delicious...penne pasta with bits of bell pepper, olives, provolone, etc. I was impressed with the sub and side, and will definitely order that combination again.The service was attentive, as usual with this location...tea refilled regularly, and frequent table checks. I'll definitely be back.
5	Always great service in the store and for delivery! Very friendly staff and amazing food! Always love the pizza but the subs, salad, and pasta are always delicious too! Great variety to make everyone happy! And where else can you get great pizza by the slice? Highly recommend the  New York combo!!!
2	Very unimpressed. Salad was stale and drenched with dressing, wings were gross. Not going back.
4	I've been to several Streets locations over the years and I've never had a bad experience. I'm picking this one to rate because I've been coming here a lot more lately.It seems the service is different each time we come. Sometimes they give free bread with sauce, which is a lovely starter while we wait for yummy pizza. We usually come at night and they are always attentive and never get our order wrong. Today our lunch lacked in service. Our waitress never came around to the table, she never brought us bread. We literally watched this woman bring bread to every table around us, but skip us, it was so weird. A nice man who is usually there finally brought us some after he noticed the woman kept skipping our table. I had to get up to ask someone for our check as well. It happens!Regardless of today's lackluster service, I do loveee the pizza. Great crust, which is a must for me! I'll still come back for as long as they are open. Also would love more e-club coupons. These days I find myself only going to businesses that send out coupons.
1	There was a worm in my pepperoncini (I ordered a salad to go and noticed when I got back to work) and when I called to tell them the server put me on hold to tell the manager and she returned to tell me I could bring it back for a refund or a credit (barf).  So I took it back and the manager was at the bar counter talking and laughing with a lady there, and he didn't even acknowledge me but said "Carla can you please take care of that?" (knowing exactly why I was there) and kept on with this lady at the bar.  So Carla gives me my refund and I'm just standing there in shock waiting for the manager to at the very least, apologize for what just happened.  But no.  So as I'm walking out I finally grab his attention and said "I'm sorry but I know you're aware of what just happened, and I think it's extremely unprofessional of you to pawn this off on a server.  If you are the manager of a restaurant and an issue like this arises, YOU should be the one to deal with the customer."  He's lucky I didn't throw the worm in his face and tell all the customers in the restaurant what had just happened.  He said "oh I was just helping this other customer and I was going to talk to you."  Yeah it was pretty obvious he wanted nothing to do with the situation and needs to grow a pair and brush up on his customer service skills.  Loser.  Even a one star rating is being generous for what just happened.
5	I know the food is delicious...who doesn't love a wonderful pizza pie? But the reason they get a five from me is because these guys care about each and every customer...Ted is the most attentive server, making sure we felt welcomed from the first moment we walked in. And the manager, Chris, seems to have all of the employees best interest at heart. Great experience, fast, efficient...check it out!
1	Wow ~ I don't know what's happened to this place, but it has seriously gone downhill. We were debating ordering some garlic bread, and then remembered our meal came with the complimentary bread, so decided to just go with that. After waiting for about 10 minutes, our waitress came back to tell us "We're still about 15 minutes out on the bread, so you might want to order some garlic bread if you want bread before your meal". I asked her if we were supposed to pay for bread simply because they didn't have any ready, and she said "I guess if you want some, that's your only option". Ummmm how about comping the $3.50 garlic bread since it was your error to begin with? Maybe it's a small thing but it was SO tacky and they just have a "couldn't care less" attitude here...Way too many options right in this area to put up with that!!
4	Great food, good service, easy to park.
4	Terrible pizza. As a relatively new arizona transplant, I had been looking for a great local pizza joint. These guys charge restaurant prices for horrible rubbery SAMs club quality pizza. $30 for shit pizza. Don't waste your money.
5	This was some of the best pizza I've had. The crust was perfect. We will be ordering takeout again from here. Delicious pizza and calzone.
3	Im doing three starts for this place, not because the service (which was great the first time, but eh this past time), but mainly the food.First time I went to this location, the food was so great.  I had ordered some baked ziti and enough to feed a small army. The taste was tremendous and I had leftovers for days (not really, but I dont want to sound like a pig).  The bread they brought out before hand was fresh and the drinks were perfect.This last time...We sat down and waited a while before the waitress came over.  After getting our drinks (good), she brought us some, what seemed like day old bread and luke warm marinara sauce.  My girlfriend ordered a sandwich and I ordered a calzone.  Im a big fan of calzones and have loved them.. well not this time.  It was pretty tasteless to be honest with you.  You would think a ton of cheese with sausage and mushroom would be good right? Nope.. I had to add salt to even flavor it up some.  I only ate about half.  Pretty disappointed.
1	Let me start off saying I'm Italian raised in nj, I kno good Italian food. I should have read the reviews first :( Delivery time took about 1 hour 25 min and considering what I ordered was a bit long.. I ordered two cheesesteaks.. They should have it on their menu as grilled or warmed roast beef.. Sorry excuse for a cheese steak. Wings were supposed to be "honey hot" all they were was hot wings with red pepper flakes. And last but not least the hot dog buns with cheese they call garlic bread ew. Don't waste your money order Pizza Hut. Don't kno how place has been in business lol
3	Its always hit or miss. Theres one woman who works here that just always has something more important she needs to do. Normally we try to sit with a different server but it always seems to be our luck that she's there. The foods great but that blonde lady needs to go.
1	Ugh..why!? I've been a long time customer and I'm horrified I have to seek out a new pizza place. Did they change managers, cooks..what happened? It was great for so long--we had a couple of mediocre orders recently, but thought it was just an off night.Tonight was awful..just awful. Pizza was old, cold and had so much salt it was insane. You could actually crunch through chunks of salt on top of it. The salad was missing majority of ingredients. It was spinach, mushrooms, chicken and was MISSING onions, feta cheese, caramelized walnuts and bacon.I phoned to tell them it was not acceptable and the girl who answered could not work the phone. Three times she attempted to put me on hold and finally hung up on me. I called back and Shaun the manager answered. I explained that things were not good and the pizza was old and the salad missing half the ingredients and he said "what was wrong with your salad". It's $8.95 and was a bunch of lettuce! Based on the phone conversation, I did not want anything from them again. Ever again. I can handle an off night with a place, but bad food and service appear to be the new norm. I have been a customer for years and it's a real shame.10/22/14To Rick P, I provided all the details needed in my first post and it was store #8 and I posted the very night it happened. I did not have a "celery issue"---as it was a complete pizza and salad food disaster. The email you provided for me to contact I used with same information, as I've seen you post to other customers who are not happy. This was not a one time event, but the last straw. Barrows is close by and wife and I order from there. I STRONGLY support local businesses, but there's a limit as to what is quality and what is a waste of good money.
1	What an awful place. I am a vegetarian and they kept making a pizza with pepperoni.  After 2 attempts, the waiter told me "there was a language barrier with the cooks"So very, very sad
2	After my party arrived, we were told that bread was in the oven, and it should be out shortly.  Thirty minutes later, another couple walked in, was seated, and they were eating bread while our table was still bare.  Very disappointing service.Our waitress was absent-minded, and absent in general.  We had to ask the manager a few times to bring her over to take our order or bring us a drink we had ordered ten minutes prior.  The place was nearly empty when we arrived.Our appetizer order was put in after sitting for 20 minutes.  We waited probably another 15 minutes waiting to make a pizza order.  We had two small children with us, so we really didn't want to sit and wait for hours and hours.  We still wanted to order a pizza, and our waitress is nowhere to be found.  People are coming in, making to-go orders, getting them and leaving.  The manager walked by, and we asked if he could get our waitress since we were ready to order.  Finally, about 5-10 minutes later, she arrives and take the pizza order.  We wait 10 more minutes for any food to arrive.  By this time, we had been there 40 minutes with no bread or appetizers. Finally, a batch of cold garlic bread sticks arrived with steaming marinara.  It seems that the kitchen DID make the bread as our waitress promised so long ago, but the order sat out for quite awhile before it made it to us.A few moments later, the appetizers arrived.  Then the pizza came, but we still hadn't received dinner plates.I'm giving 5 stars for the food.  The pizza, wings, and spinach artichoke dip were excellent.  I'm giving negative 3 stars for the service.  Absolutely terrible experience.  When we left the restaurant was empty.  Several other tables came and went while we dined.  Feeling ignored doesn't sit well.We will not return to Streets of New York on 90th & Shea.
2	Well, ordered pizza with black olives and pineapple. Came with black olives and pepperoni. Since I am a vegetarian that won't work. The salad was OK and cheesecake ok. Nothing special. Very sad excuse for a Streets of NY.
4	I'm surprised to see some negative comments here as I've always had good experiences at this Streets location. I've dined in & also ordered delivery on multiple occasions and the pizza has almost always been fantastic. Most of the time, my deliveries are well before the scheduled time. I had one experience where the delivery driver accidentally dropped my pizza so he had to run back and get a new one and was therefore delayed. The manager, Julio, apologized and offered to pay for half of the cost of the pizza. The delivery driver was also very apologetic and nice. I own a business and I appreciate good customer service - that's what I've gotten here in addition to great food!
