5	I've been really happy with Cardinal Fitness.  It's very no frills, but I'm looking to get in shape, not go tanning or sit in a sauna, so Cardinal fits the bill.  It's VERY inexpensive, has good equipment, and attracts people of all shapes and sizes.  Unlike some gyms, this isn't the kind of place where everyone is interested in judging or checking out the other patrons.  For those who are really self conscious, Cardinal is a great place to get exercise without having to worry what anyone else there thinks.A Cardinal membership gets you into any of their gyms, which is great for people who frequently travel to the Chicago area.  It's also nice because they seem to have slightly different machines at all of the locations, so it's easy to work in some variety by checking out another gym.
4	i'm happy with cardinal fitness: i never have to wait for a machine, and the price is definitely right. the only downsides, imo, is that there are no group fitness classes. that and the initial startup fee is kind of steep (thought maybe it's pretty much the same at other gyms?). otherwise, it really is a place for all types and all levels, and i'm overall satisfied.
1	I WAS happy with Charter.  It's basic, no frills, and cheap. But if you have complaints, particularly with canceling, good luck!Charter will tell you that they have this awesome partnership with ABC Financial.  Too bad canceling is a long, tedious process, set up by Charter and carried out by ABC.  You can sign up on the phone or the web, but good luck canceling; they want you to cancel via mail... MAIL!  Both companies will tell you "I am sorry, we are just following out partner agreement."  The reality is that it's a method for absolving them of any blame with getting out of your "no contract" contract.Ask them to give you options for canceling. If not (and they won't), then go elsewhere.  Not worth it.
1	Charter Fitness is a basic, no frills gym.  The locker rooms get kind of cramped in the evening, but it isn't too crowded out on the floor.  For $10 a month, this isn't so bad.  What is bad is the gym's absurd policies.  If you explore a five day trial membership with them, they don't scan your ID:  they hold onto it at the front desk-- something that seems completely unnecessary.  When you become a member, if you want to quit, you have to quit in person.   Move away from the area?   Too bad for you.  They claim that they "need" your signature in order to cancel the membership.   You'll have to mail a letter through SNAIL MAIL to end things.  That's an absurd way to nickel-and-dime another $10 out of a former member.  There are much better options.
