5	Pretty quite.. Cool clothes and selection. Good customer service. The floor supervisor was helpful. No pressure on selling their items. I would comeback here
2	Not the brightest people of course because it's a teenage store. Not a fan horrible service. Awful when returning stuff.
1	This store lost their company the business of a very loyal, large spending customer.  A couple years ago I purchased a $500 gift card for a Christmas present.  I engaged in a conversation with the staff and manager while making this purchase about the fact that I chose to purchase that particular day because they were having one of their buy now get store cash for later type promos.  The manager and staff agreed yes, that will be great you will have all this bonus money to spend later, yada yada...I waited until the date that my bonus cash was to be available and went in to spend even more money at Tilly's only to be told that I didn't actually have any because my $500 gift card purchase didn't count.  Now if that was the policy I understand, however, the appropriate time to point this issue out would have been during that lengthy discussion while I made the $500 purchase, not after everyone, including the manager on duty agreed what a great deal I would be getting.I was obviously very disappointed and upset on the day I expected to use my bonus money.  I explained all this to the staff and was basically told tough sh*t. I was then advised that "they probably won't do anything, but you can try calling corporate."  I did indeed call corporate where I was even more offended by the lack of interest in keeping me as a customer.  There was no concessions made at all, a total lack of interest in customer service.I would estimate that Tilly's has lost $300-$500 a month in sales to myself and my family.  I vowed that day to never spend another penny with a company with such disregard for customers that choose to spent their hard earned money.  I really like that clothing at Tilly's but there are many other options for those same brands and I have been treated like a much more valued customer at PAC SUN and surfoutlet.com.  Before you spend any money at Tilly's I highly recommend you try one of the other listed options first.
4	Great selection of backpacks for back to school. Plus, who doesn't like a nice selection of vans and surf/skate wear.  Sometimes hard to get the attention of staff but when you do, they are pretty helpful.  My kids love this place.
