4	The only reason TrySports SouthPark got 4 stars instead of 5 is that they're a bit on the expensive side. That being said, the staff is very knowledgeable & are all athletes so they really know how to get you fitted into things like running shoes and bike gear. I started frequenting TrySports when my chiropractor, with Carolina Sports Clinic (wonderful for sports injuries, look them up!) moved her office to the back of the TrySports store. I started making a few purchases for random running gear and, after buying a few things, started receiving the coupons. The coupons have definitely sweetened the deal and keep my buying from them rather than going to other trusty running shops like the Charlotte Running Company and Run for your Life (both are great, but they don't send me 10% off coupons in the mail).TrySports is located next to the EarthFare and near the Barnes & Noble right off Sharon before you get to SouthPark Mall. The location is accessible & there's plenty of parking. I'd suggest pricing them against other stores before making a major purchase (for something like a road bike or treadmill), but their membership reward coupons definitely help curb the higher prices.
5	OMG!  This store is amazing!  I am a frequent shopper at the Blakeney location, but this store is about 4 times bigger!  I had been telling myself to get over and check out the new diggs, but I rarely get to hang around the Southpark area.In talking with some of the staff, this store used to be an old furniture store and they pretty much kept the layout... nice and open - great rubberized track flowing throughout that adds to the shopping experience as well as useful when trying on a pair of shoes and taking a spin (without going outside!).I was sad since the new store took away the bike expert from the Blakeney store, but really they all rotate so the knowledge between all of their experts is a shared effort.  On this particular visit, I ran into Francisco and he was trying to get me out on a group ride - I haven't been on my bike for so long due to some other issues I was dealing with, but it was great that he remembered me.A store like Try Sports is great for the community since it promotes a healthy, active lifestyle and really encourages people to live their lives!  If you are just getting into it, or a seasoned pro... this store is the perfect place to go for gear, equipment, advice, and finding friends.I encourage everyone to join their Believe Achieve Club program that gives a good discount to store items.
5	Very helpful staff, including Jenna & Ben, who always greet me by name now. Prices are in line with many stores and a bit higher on some items, which makes having the BAC (membership card for a $25 annual fee) worth it if you're a heavy runner/cyclist/etc.
1	I was recently in the store after receiving a coupon in the mail.  Was very disappointed with the customer service I received...or lack thereof.. as soon as I walked in, I noticed two employees at the front desk, one on the phone and the other, was not.  I was not greeted...this seemed to be the theme for the day as I walked past several other employees without being greeted.  I caught eyes with someone carrying shoe boxes and was not greeted.  I had to track someone down to ask if I could try something on and was simply pointed to the fitting room.  No one came by to ask how the items were working for me, no one came by to ask if I needed a different size.  I was in the store in the middle of the day during a weekday so they were not busy at all.  On my way out, I stopped to look at gloves, headlamps by the front desk and that is when finally (about 20 minutes after entering the store) I was greeted by an employee.  I have since visited the Trysports store in Blakeney and received the complete opposite customer service.  From the minute I walked in the door, I was greeted and treated like a valued customer.  Going forward, should I ever need to go back to Trysports, I will only visit the store in Blakeney.
5	Awesome store.  I was in the market for my first hybrid bike and went to this store and I was very happy with my experience.  Keith, the guy who helped me initially was incredibly patient and helpful and was very knowledgeable of everything in the store from bikes to shoes to fitness apparel and gear.  When I picked up my bike I was professionally fitted by Francisco who is incredibly knowledgeable and just great at everything that has to do with cycling.  On top of the excellent staff, the store is absolutely huge and has an indoor track so that you can test out shoes and equipment right in the store, which is great since I went there on a rainy day out.  I will definitely return to this store for all of my athletic needs.  A+++++
5	Wonderful help, courteous and friendly. The floor staff who helped me with my issue passed on an opportunity to sell me something much more expensive than I actually needed. They were knowledgable of the circumstance and knew what would work best. They even took time to explain what and how I could heal and suggested preventative measures to take for the future.That's the type of place that will get me to be a regular for sure.
2	It pains me to give the services department a poor review.   When I realized that this was the bike shop that Francisco had gone to after having worked on my bike at Bike Source (back when the service was actually good at Bike Source) I was hopeful that I had found a place to get my bike serviced.  This store is obviously focused on road not mountain biking.  Being primarily a mountain biker, I was hesitant to use this store for my repair work.  I specifically asked if they serviced mountain bikes and was told that this a "Full Service Bike Shop".  Great.  I dropped off my bike and promptly got a call from Francisco.  He was extremely detailed and listed every little bit of wear and tear on my bike.  He told me what needed to be replaced and what I could keep using for the time being but would have to replace down the road.  He didn't miss anything, but he didn't try to sell me on unneeded parts and service either.  Great service thus far!One thing I needed was a new tire.  I went to pick up my bike but was told that they didn't carry tires in my wheel size.  Okay, no big deal.  My bike is several years old and the 26 inch wheels are disappearing fast. I bought a tire elsewhere and brought it in.  Another mechanic who was working asked me if I knew how to install a tubeless tire.  Yes, I do. But is it a bit concerning that the "bike mechanic" is asking me how to install a tire?!?  He placed a call to another mechanic and was told that he needed Stan's to seal the tire but they they only had full bottles and not the install kit.  He didn't know what Stan's was or what an install kit was.  Wow. A full service bike shop?  I think not.  So once again, I left without my bike.  A few days later I showed up, with my Stan's Sealant, so that the tire could be installed.  Finally, my bike was ready to ride, or so I thought.  I had initially brought my bike in because the fork wasn't holding pressure.  As I was rolling bike away I put some pressure on the handlebars and the fork when all the way down as there was no pressure in the suspension.  Back to the services department I went.  I was told that they weren't able to get the proper seal and that I had to take the bike to a Specialized dealer.  So I paid for a fork rebuild for a fork that was not functional. This was roughly $100 if I recall correctly.    I took my bike to Bike Source to have the seal installed.  I was charged for a fork rebuild all over again.To sum it up: My time was wasted. My money was wasted.  Do NOT bring your mountain bike here.  They don't have the parts to service a mountain bike and some of the staff could not have less knowledge about mountain bikes.  I had to come back to the shop Three times before actually leaving with my bike.  And even then it wasn't fixed and I had to take it to another shop.  The money that I spent here on a fork rebuild was completely wasted as the job wasn't completed and I had to take my bike to another shop.  I may give this shop a try with my road bike.  But my fat tire is never going to be serviced here again.
