5	Tom Duffy and his associates are simply as good as it gets when it comes to customer service in the insurance industry. Tom has been my insurance agent for several months and is always attentive to any needs, changes and questions or concerns that I have on my accounts. He takes the time to get to know you and asks a lot of exploratory questions before laying out all the options he can provide. He never rushes or "sells" you into any options, but rather takes the time to explain the pros and cons of each. If you are looking for am insurance agent in the greater Phoenix area, I would highly recommend him to anyone. His office also does loans and annuities.
5	I moved here from California and this agent was a referral and they are the best!!!Would highly recommend!
5	Tom and his staff are extremely knowledgeable and professional. He is very thorough in reviewing your insurance needs and makes sure you get exactly what you need, highly recommended to anyone!
5	I was referred to Tom through a friend to purchase auto and renters insurance.  I saved money over my current provider, which was a huge plus, but that wasn't the most impressive part.  What impressed me most was that Tom took the time to actually explain my coverage options to me and was able to explain them to me in meaningful, yet understandable terms.Several months later, I referred my fiance to Tom.  She was duly impressed as well, and switched her auto policy to State Farm from a competitor.  Afterwards, the competitor tried to scam her into paying for her old policy that she had cancelled.  We called Tom's office, forwarded them the letter she had received from her former insurance provider, and a member of Tom's staff contacted her former insurer right away and resolved the issue that day.As long as Tom and his staff are around, I won't need to shop around for insurance again.
5	Update to prior review.  Tom continues to impress.  The worst case scenario happened.  My fiance was rear ended on the 202 in August and the damage rendered her car a total loss.  Again, the folks at State Farm and Tom's office were on top of the situation.  They got us in touch with the claims adjuster and told us exactly what to expect, from getting a check for the car, to getting her medical bills paid.  She was even compensated for her pain and suffering.You never want something bad to happen, but when it does, it feels good to have a trusted advisor in your corner.
