2	Terrible food and drinks. Cool restaurant layout. Service staff and managers were attentive. It was packed for First Friday, which was opening night. Bad decision. The manager who stopped by admitted he had not yet tasted the food or drinks. One more indicator of why everything was so poorly executed.The craft beer selection is unfamiliar but mediocre. The mixed drinks were all made in batches, according to staff, and tasted watered down. All were terrible.                                                         The appetizer menu has 3 chips & dip options including salsa, guacamole and queso. The chips were chewy, as if they were either not cooked enough or they were stale. The salsa, queso and guacamole were all lacking in flavor. The queso looked and tasted like potato soup.They have 5 tacos on the menu. The carne asada and carnitas were very dry and flavorless. Temperature was between luke warm and cold. The cactus was unique, had a mild grilled flavor but was only so-so. The calamari tasted overly breaded and overly fried. The chicken was flavorless, as if frozen chicken had been reheated and some sauce had been thrown over it at the last minute.Service staff and managers seemed to care, visited us on many occasions and ultimately comped our meal. They asked us to come back and we will. I will gladly update this review if food quality improves. I hope it does.
5	If I were rating my first friday experience I would have to say 3/5, but thankfully I made the choice to go back this evening and I was pleased to see that the enthusiastic staff made many changes that makes Paz a 5/5 experience for sure! With the removal of the chaos that comes with opening night that was only compounded by first Friday and a live band, the team at Paz was attentive and the quality of my food and drinks skyrocketed! They defiantly took the critiques from Friday to heart and turned this place into one of my fave new spots. I highly recommend giving this place a shot (or a second chance).  I can't wait to see what they do as they grow, considering what they did in 21 days from concept to opening day these guys definitely have the talent to succeed. P.S. Love the gallery feel with the local art and I highly recommend the queso with a little bit of their bomb salsa verde mixed in, YUM!
5	We dropped in this Saturday to watch the ASU game, and considering it had just opened (several weeks earlier than official opening from what I understand), I was really impressed with the attentiveness and friendliness of the staff.  The cantina choices for cocktails and beers were thoughtful and adventurous, and as we heard will be expanding shortly.  Two big screen TVs to watch the game in a causal setting, in the perfect area of town, were just what we had hoped for.  We will definitely be back for the full menu and will be frequent visitors to the cantina.  A very nice addition to the downtown scene.
4	Spent  my Sunday afternoon in downtown phoenix and decided to try this new spot  Paz I saw when I was at First Friday. Glad I did.  Paz takes a creative approach to making street tacos. I have never been a fan of Calamari, but if there is one thing on the menu you have to try, it would be the calamari street taco.   Omg, they are delicious!  The atmoshpehere is really cool and laid back. Great music and great staff.t . I almost forgot there are no watered down drinks here!!!  Try the Dangerous Liaison margarita.
5	first time here and we will be back.  We tried a bunch of tacos and they were all great.   The tortillas were fresh and just the right mix of soft and crispy.  I liked the cactus one the best.  They told us they will be adding more to the menu soon we we can't wait to back and try them too.
5	Great food, amazing drinks and an even better atmosphere, the ping pong tables aren't bad either
1	I went here on first Friday and have to say it was some of the worst service I've ever received. We waited 30 minutes for a table because the hostess thought we no longer wanted to sit down and eat. The manager walked by and quickly got us seated, but once seated we waited another 10 minutes when a person in our party had to ask the waiter for water and menus. Then another 20 minutes for them to take our order to which we never received napkins until asked. The food was awful, dry, and bland we had the carnitas, carne asada, and calamari tacos. The only thing that came out somewhat edible was the calamari. We will not be returning to this restaurant.
5	I'm so surprised by the negative reviews but have to assume was first friday compounded with opening day that made it crazy. We went in on Saturday afternoon and it was just awesome. The service was beyond great. They were helpful with getting our game on and were super attentive. The cocktails were creative and delicious. The house salsa is phenomenal!!! We will be back for sure!
5	I had a $3.50 steak taco and it was terrific! Equally I have had the chicken taco and it was also fantastic. Excellent patio with a nice view of Roosevelt Row with a great mix of fun tropical music. Seriously, chips and salsa and a $3.50 taco, how can you beat that!?!?I love it. Side Note: at the beginning they did have an issue with the chips not being crisp, that issue has since been resolved.
4	First Friday grand opening perhaps not the best idea. Surely for those of us who live downtown can relate that all restaurants even the longer opened ones can have bad service. The service was great regardless of the kaos. The environment was great and I felt relaxed even on a 1st Friday restaurant madness. The tacos were good too they are small but perhaps with a larger menu it won't take too many.
5	I visited PAZ last night for a little Taco Tuesday.  The tacos were very good!  I ventured out and tried a cactus taco which is something I've never had before, great for vegetarians!  The hand squeezed house margaritas are a fantastic deal....and a little stronger than they taste.The layout of the restaurant is great and I liked effort to display and support local artists.  I'll definitely be back!
5	Love this place! My husband and I stopped in for a few drinks and bite to eat Friday night. The atmosphere is high energy, with exceptional attention to detail; like throwing a fun modern flare on their delicious cocktail/tapas menu. We can't wait to go back to experience the full lunch/dinner menu!
5	Stopped in for some food and drink with friends tonight and Paz was awesome.. Stand outs were the Pork Belly Tacos (omg, yum) and a drink called 'Dangerous Liason.' Service was fantastic and everyone was SO friendly.. Patio is dog friendly, prices are really reasonable and it's going on our short list of spots to hang out at in downtown Phoenix.. Great evening, guys - Thanks so much!!!
4	The atmosphere is extremely welcoming and the music sets a great mood. The food was great and the staff was very friendly! It's awesome to have a good Mexican food place close to work.I'll be back!
4	Great food & tasty $3 margarita!!!!!Carne Asada torta FIVE starsKale & Quinoa salad---good but if you are very hungry won't be filling enough without adding protein. Guac is tasty & good portion size -has a basil/tomato twist but a bit over priced (ie it basically costs the same as an entree)Margarita was yummy, only $3, perfect strength (not weak or overdone)Great outdoor seatingLike the musicFriendly & attentive staff:)
5	Can we say handmade?  People that care to create a truly welcoming and comfortable place to visit. Pork belly taco melts in your mouth. Carne asada taco has just the right amount of pepper tang. Nopales taco is a great non meat option. Try the custom thought of drinks.  Don q splash is very refreshing. The group starting this up is really trying to make their own stamp. Only 3 min walk from the high rises and ASU. Come by and see for yourself.
5	We have been looking for a new Mexican Cantina since our favorite place  changed their menu. The first thing we noticed was the ample parking . This is a real rare find in Phoenix and makes PAZ a really appealing choice all in itself. The decorum   was well done and the presentation was aesthetically pleasing. We ordered the queso  as an appetizer and really enjoyed that not only did it have a zesty flavor , but also kept the same  creamy consistency throughout the time it took us the finish. As an entree we ordered  the pork belly tacos and the carnitas tacos. The  pork belly was lightly fried and definetely a future favorite. The cilantro and lime  really complimented the carnitas well. We ordered the house margarita which was strong and well made . Definetely worth the price.
5	Came here for the ambience, which had actually attracted me from a different restaurant/bar on Roosevelt Row. Looked over, saw a new spot (opened last week I think?), and noticed the ambience. Everything urban, artsy, upbeat. Outside games, comfortable (posh but wholesome?) synergy inside. Place felt amazing when we came in!! Ordered drinks, expecting the average, but they nailed it here as well! Craft cocktails, my Margarita Popper, amazing! Fresh squeezed lemon and limes (they said in every cocktail!!?) And there's a $3 house Margarita, all the time, that's made this way as well, pretty bomb! Ok, so the food is where I'm lost for words of wonderfulness! Craft cocktails with great atmosphere can standard for us in AZ, but Paz's food takes it to another level.!.!!!!! Ordered taco sampler...blown away! Pork belly was over the top delicious, calamari taco was an absolute stand out, and apparently they have a new carne asado which blew my mind.I'm back! Pretty sweet for one place to nail drinks, ambience, and authentic high end street tacos!!!! And everything, in my opinion, was underpriced. Thanks Paz for the new Go-to.!!!!! ~love peace and taco grease ((stolen btw, but love it!!)
3	Ok... I can't say I have been waiting anxiously for this new restaurant to open, as it opened extremely quickly (and with little time between it and the last tenant of this space). I can say that when I heard a new taco place was opening near me, I was excited and came to try it as soon as I could. The husband and I came here after a Yelp event last night to get a couple drinks and have a (very small) sampling of the food. The drinks: Blackberry agave bramble- delicious. Not too boozy and a nice subtle level of sweetness mixed with a very 'fresh' taste. Would order again. Cadillac Marg- a frozen margarita... also good, but less interesting. It wasn't just a plain old marg, don't get me wrong, it had more citrus notes in it (Orange I think?) anyway, it was solid,  but a classic. The food:Chips and salsas- this was legit. The chips were warm. The red salsa was surprisingly spicy (which I liked) and the green had a good mild-medium spice level, but more of a fresh flavor. I liked them both. Tacos- here is where this place took a nose dive. This is a taco shop, right? We tried the carnitas and the pork belly. Both were WAY too fatty.... I'm talking extreme fat (I know, I know, pork belly is fatty, but you can skim some of the melted fat off after cooking, you know? Also, the pork belly was supposedly rendered and then fried... maybe it being fried added even more unnecessary fat... I dunno).... the grease ran off the tacos... and not the good orange -y kind of grease that is mixed with some kind of sauce or something... no, just white pure fat grease. It was like an oil slick in your mouth. The toppings on both tacos were good... I think they just need to work the kinks out of their meats. With so many delicious and innovative taco places popping up in town (read: santos, etc), this just didn't stand up, but it does have potential and, with some time and adjustments, could be a great taco place (with a great location).
5	Can't go wrong with $3 margaritas, amazing tacos and a great atmosphere. Oh and if your into football...great place to watch a game!
5	Great space. Just opened and adding new items to the already great taco menu. We will continue to check back.
4	Hip & Fun. Michael and Baugy are the new owners. Open just 9 days. Small street taco menu executed to perfection. Great indoor/outdoor downtown. Pride and passion rule this kitchen. A must stop on First Friday or any time you're looking to kick back!
5	I came here last night with my boyfriend to meet up with a couple of friends and I was really really impressed with the place.  Not only do they have an inviting atmosphere with plenty of indoor and outdoor seating but their food is as good, if not better than what I had heard.  The interior has a casual ambiance with local artists' paintings as decor.  An open kitchen, so that you can see your food being prepared and a friendly staff to boot.Upon sitting down you get a basket of their housemade tortilla chips and salsa (also made in house).  Make sure to ask for the spicy salsa too....you won't regret it (although, I thought it could be a little spicier).  The menu is simple but filled with flavorful options.  I was torn between the quinoa vegan salad or the cactus tacos.  I chose the cactus tacos but did it without cheese.  I couldn't believe the flavor inside those little corn tortillas (which had a ton of flavor themselves).  They come small, so I recommend getting a few of them to start.My boyfriend got the steak, pork belly, and chicken tacos.  I pretty much think he was in heaven.  He said his favorite was the pork belly and the steak.We will definitely be back to try the quinoa salad and also because I heard they were going to be opening for brunch soon and I love my brunch...especially mimosas!   All in all, you'd be doing yourself a favor to coming to Paz...can't wait to see what is to come!
5	This place just opened up and we wanted to give it a try.  Everything from the service, the apps, drinks, and the food was awesome.  Everything was fresh the tacos were amazing.  Really authentic street tacos. Try the pork belly!!!
5	Ridiculously good tacos!! Tried them all and the cactus and pork belly are unique and amazing. The tortillas are homemade and delicious. Im picky but I would say it's safe to say these are the best tacos in Phoenix.
5	It looks very cool awesome art on the walls and the staff was super nice greeted me very friendly and the bartender called me by named which I love I asked for a bloody marry and it was made to perfection  there guacamole was fresh and delicious . Going to start coming and maybe even be a regular here.
5	If I could give more than 5 stars I would! Great amazing atmosphere.... But even better was the amazing handmade cocktails (Jalepeno Popper Margarita is to die for!) and the DELICIOUS food. We started with the made to order Guacamole and Chicken Nachos which were by far the best I've ever had, no joke! Next I had Pork Belly Tacos and I was in heaven. This is a place I'll be sure to try again. I'm excited to check out their weekend brunch sometime!
5	Best tacos in downtown PHX!!! Brunch items are delicious as well. Chips & salsa are bangin, we gave been there 3 time & I've gotten 3 different meals all of them delicious!!!
5	The TORTA and the HareThis is a story about Paz Cantina's torta, which is unTORTAbelievable. Just like the story, slow and steady wins the race. This night started off like any other. I was craving Mexican food because, well, reasons, and I wanted to try out the new place on Roosevelt Row. Off I went. As soon as I got there, I was sat and given some delish chips and salsa. Ordered a drink, but it took a bit to get it. It's ok, I've got chips and salsa, I'm very content. I placed my order for the carnita torta and prepared myself mentally. I'm not a torta expert and, I'll be honest, pretty new to Mexican food because I just moved here from Maine. There was a little delay in relaying my food, but I waited patiently. When it came, I was happy and anxious and maybe low on blood sugar. It was time. I took my first bite and fell in love. This was it, my dreams had come true. Seriously the best thing I had since I moved here. Anyways, that concludes my short story that I am writing while sitting in the restaurant. TL;DR Paz Cantina = GOOD
4	Micheladas on point! Tinga tacos are by far my favorite. Staff was attentive & they let us vape :) my new spot for sure.
4	Great new addition to Roosevelt Row!  We stopped in last night on our way home from the airport and had a great experience.  Nice space, friendly staff and super tasty food.  We tried the rock shrimp, carnitas, tinga and carne asada tacos with rice and beans - flavorful, fresh and just plain tasty!  Good neighborhood place to enjoy some good food on the patio or in the bar while watching the game!
4	I didn't know what to expect from this little place, and made the mistake of ordering a dish -- chilaquiles -- that I thought I knew. Paz made it differently than I was used to, and I was disappointed. On the positive side, when I told our server that I didn't think the food had any taste, one of the chefs came out to talk to us. Michael was very sweet and we discussed just how variable "Mexican" food can be, in that every region makes their stuff differently. We got to talking and he told us about his favorite item, the pork belly. It sounded so good: slow roasted for 15 hours using Filipino style seasoning. He brought us a generous sample out to try, and it was WONDERFUL!I will definitely go back for the pork.Other positives: the menu is limited because they want everything to be as fresh as possible. You could definitely tats that in the salsa, which was fresh and bursting with green chili goodness.My beloved got a breakfast burrito that was tasty.I'll be back, and you should try it out.
5	This place is amazing! All of the food is msde fresh and taste delicious. The atmosphere is great! There is unique artwork. If youre not satisfied with your meal they will gladly remake it the way you like it. The owner cam and greeted us and was a very nice person. All of the food is delicious and fresh 5 stars doesnt describe it well enough!
5	First off, everybody should know there's lots of free parking available just north of the restaurant, off of 3rd Street.  There are both paved and unpaved lots.  So, do not be deterred by the dismal parking situation on and around Roosevelt St.  Venture forth and try Paz Catina.  For dinner, for brunch, for drinks and light bites...you won't regret it!I've been to Paz 4 times now, and on my 2nd visit I was greeted like a regular, with high-fives from the host.  I've had tacos and margaritas for dinner, and chilaquiles and bloody Mary for brunch.  I had no complaints with anything I was served.  I have tried the pork belly, carnitas, and shrimp tacos, and all are delicious and unique.  The pork belly is hands-down my favorite.On my 3rd visit, I asked my server about the street corn, which had been recently added to the menu.  He went back to the kitchen to get the answer, then returned and told me they didn't have it ready yet.  No big deal; I ordered tacos!  As I finished my meal, the owner slid a gorgeous ear of street corn, dressed to the nines, in front of me.  It was FANTASTIC!  We had a brief conversation about his approach to the menu (quality, in a nutshell).  The ambiance is, as others have mentioned, wonderful.  Very urban, with interesting art and interesting people.  There's a family-size table for large groups, and a room off to the side that, I assume, could accommodate a private gathering.  There's an inviting, dog-friendly patio.  I love the open kitchen, and actually saw a staff person photographing a plate on the counter before it went out to a table!  The music is good, and the TV is unobtrusive.  I am a huge fan of this place, and can't wait to go back and try the dulce de leche french toast!!!
5	just stopped in for lunch. was able to get in and out and back to work in time. wasn't too busy. there were two servers working and helping each other out. both were super friendly. I ordered three tacos - fish, carnitas and pork belly. Here is my rating based on five stars: Fish - four stars. nice chunk of lightly breaded/fried ... the sweet/sour pink purple slaw thing on top really added to the flavor. Carnitas - 4 stars. really tasty. They use a crispy pork versus the usual pulled pork. I think I prefer the usual, but it was still good. The best for last - Pork Belly - five stars. I could have eaten 5 of them...perfectly crisp on outside, delicious evil fatty layer...drooling. Figured since I had an hour lunch, I could treat myself to a cocktail too. You cant beat a $3 house margarita! I will definitely be back.
5	I'm friends with the chefs so I have to say my opinion is biased.That being said it warms my Nopalista heart to see the many people I don't know, in the short time this restaurant has been open, saying such great things about the nopales (cactus) taco!They're doing our local veggie (plus a lot of other things) proud!I just KNEW this venue would flourish with the right business! Kudos!
4	I had a great brunch with my 6 relatives here recently. The atmosphere was great. Parking was easy, back dirt lot, and the service was excellent. It was a bit more pricey than I thought it would've been but overall I had a great experience.  The traditional Mexican meals were good and their specialty drinks were excellent. Don't rack too many of those up though cause it's costly! I'm a fan.
5	Sometimes you need to wash Christmas down with a margarita. Yesterday, I did just that. Both finding ourselves with the day off and nothing to do but mill around downtown, the hubs and I stopped in late afternoon for a little happy hour, which they have daily (sweet bonus!) We sat at the bar because we're those kind of people and the TV behind the bar was playing National Lampoon's Vacation... The house marg was way tasty. They are served in a short glass, which is good because they go down eaaaaasy. We had chips and salsa and that salsa is spicy and perfect. Amazing. We weren't exceptionally hungry but ordered some flautas. If these little gems are any indication of the level of tastiness of all the items on the menu, I may move in. Literally, like bring a label maker over there and declare a bar stool mine. We chatted with Kevin who was working behind the bar. Cool dude. Great 'stache. Here's where they made us want to be regulars: Kevin introduced himself and asked our names and then called us by our names to see if we needed another cocktail. I love that kind of service. He gave us some great info about the menu and happenings, too.They have events and live music certain days and what looks to be a great brunch on the weekends. The outdoor patio looks nice (it was a bit chilly yesterday) and is dog friendly which is another bonus. You can bet we'll be back and bring a huge appetite!
1	No..all around NO. I gave Paz Cantina a try the other night given the reviews here. Food = mediocre/not traditional nor authenticDrinks = badService = decentStreet taco's and guacamole were abysmal and the michelada's were horrid.I won't be back
1	Four of us just  finished eating. A few things here include "love" as an ingredient.  I'm pretty sure the rest are made with a healthy dose of dispair. I asked each one of my compatriots how they would describe the meal on one word:  disgusting, dirty, bland,  and sad. We ordered margaritas; I think they forgot the tequila.  We also got the carnitas, fish, pork belly, carne asada tacos and chips and guac.  The tacos were miserable. The fish, pork belly, and carnitas tacos were super bland; which  itself is somewhat impressive. The worst of the lot was the carne asada which had the texture of chewed gum and the flavor of silly putty rolled in the ashtray of an chain-smoker. The guac was good though : nice and fresh.
4	This building is known for its poor luck with businesses staying open, but it's looking like Paz will stand a chance.I was lured over by the $3 margarita and looking to wind down after seeing a movie at Film Bar. The margarita was excellent! Definitely worth the $3 and then some. My husband and I split the nachos and were unable to make much of a dent in them though not for lack of trying. I recommend sharing among 3 or 4 people. The place was PACKED so service was on the slower side. Still, our wonderful waiter was sure to stop by and update us on wait times for our food and drinks.On the night we went there was a great DJ and a small dance floor. While we weren't able to hold much of a conversation with the noise level that high, watching the couples dance was a lot of fun.
5	Pros: $3 margaritas, awesome nachos, great service!Cons: None.So glad that this excellent space was taken over by an area-appropriate hang out spot.  Paz has some of the best nachos around, my weakness.  Good selection of street style tacos, and good drinks.  The house marg is a great deal, and although the bar is small, they have a couple TVs playing random music videos or the occasional game.  Great place to plop down for an easy weekend brunch if running around downtown.Parking:  You park kind of behind and to the side of the building.  The parking lot entrance is an immediate right off of 3rd st just north of Roosevelt after the traffic light; 3rd street is a one-way street heading north.  Or, if you want to act like a local, turn north on 5th street off Roosevelt and take the first narrow little left, which will lead you to the same lot.Thanks to the staff, and to DJ who made us fans on our first visit!
5	Wow. It is like amazing happened in your mouth. I would eat this multiple times a day, friendly staff, and great environment.
5	The pork belly taco is delicious! Come to think of it,  I haven't had a bad meal here. It's not inexpensive but definitely worth it. Teneia was excellent. I'll be back.
5	Absolutely love this place. Their taco Tuesday deals are awesome for the quality food you receive. I personally dig the pork belly and the tinga (chicken) tacos. I've even had a special order of pork belly tacos with the tinga toppings...which might just be my favorite. It doesn't hurt that this place is walking distance from my apartment, either! I will definitely keep returning for this amazing food and atmosphere, and I can't wait to try a weekend brunch.
3	The tinga chicken torta left little to be desired. No flavor and barely any chicken on the torta. Bummer. However, the queso was fantastic!
