5	The days of Casual Male XL shoppers ordering online and waiting for that special item to be delivered to your local store is OVER. Introducing Destination XL....your one stop location for everything you have ever wanted but had to wait on because your local store "didn't carry it or have it in stock". You won't run into that problem at all here....all the same great service....selection....and prices still exist as they did at your local Casual Male XL or Rochester Big and Tall stores.....only BETTER. Visit them at www.destinationxl.com and enjoy my friends!!!
5	Went in today to find some nice outfits for guys who enjoy good food. I worked with Danny he was great. I found some great upscale labels and some good basics. For the larger types they definitely have some nice brands. I am completely satisfied with my selections and would recommend this store for the meat and Potato crowd !
4	They do have my sizes; but damn are they expensive!  Only name brands can be expensive, but you get what you pay for.  I guess I'm just bitter that I had to go here for an extra 1/4 inch in the neck for a fitted shirt (guess that's what I get for being bigger than the average American).  Michael Kors white french cuff shirt is the most comfy I've ever worn.
5	I can't say enough good stuff about this store. They have great customer service and a huge selection of clothes for us bigger guys (no pun intended). The people that work here are very helpful and they keep the store very clean.The bathrooms are clean as well, which was great since I had to take my daughter to the bathroom during my last visit.
3	ok then. I've read the other reviews, and I 'pretty much' agree w/them as far as customer service goes. (and yes, no matter what the sales people say, they do make commission's on their sales). But, the prices are just beyond unbelievable. I could not believe the price-tags! I mean, come-on; $105.35 for a leather belt! that's entirely outrageous! the same belt at wal-mart is $19.99, except for the fact wal-mart belts only go to sixe 44-46. I picked-out 4 shirts, 2 pairs of shorts, and 1 pair of trousers (no belt): $517.88 after taxes. and yes, I needed this addition to my wardrobe as I gained alot of weight during this last year with an illness. hopefully, this purchase will be 'disposable' as I continue/progress to lose my body weight. *I'll never/ever set foot on this property again.
5	Excellent service.  Thank you Mr. Jeffrey Nash!The hubs HaTeS shopping. Jeffrey Nash put him at ease as we outfitted him with a couple of suits, shirts, ties and casual wear.  I mean seriously, we have to take advantage of the shopping moment when it presents itself.  The selection at the Vegas store is amazing, our service was first rate and the quality of the appears is excellent.I noticed some reviews knocking the high prices, well it IS a specialty store and you do get what you pay for.  Considering my hubby despises shopping, I considered the cost a of finding a store with plenty of options and types of clothing well worth the time and money.If you are in the market fir a suit, I would call ahead to see when Jeffrey is working the floor.  He is talented, friendly and has a passion for helping his customers look their best! Maybe the five star review is really for Jeffrey, we sure appreciated his expertise.
1	The physical store is fine.  Ordering from them online is a disaster.  Did not give me the promised 25% discount.  Then I am informed that the order can't be changed or cancelled even when I informed them of THEIR mistake within 2 minutes of it occurring.  Avoid having any online involvement with them at any cost.  I called their 800 number and was informed there were only 2 senior reps that could cancel or change an order if policies permit.  However, those 2 senior reps only work on certain days and hours.  That means that every other rep can only take an order.  The help line can't help you at all.  She was nice enough to tell me that their policies changed recently when I complained, but she wasn't sure how they changed.  Good store, horrible company!
4	First time here at there Vegas local. It was a big store with some nice selections. Jeffrey was helpful and so was Priscilla. Thanks
