2	I have been going to Fry's Food & Drug Store since the place opened, so that has been for at least 33 years.  I realize that improvements must be made, but my Lord, they do not need to change every freaking isle and have it make no sense at all.  If you are going there to get all your groceries, it might be a different story, but holy crap, if you just need a few things to make a certain recipe, plan on being in that place for a half an hour to an hour.  I had finally found everything except the pasta and when I finally found the isle where it was located, I had to pass through what had to of been the head honchos and then probably the head of each department.  One would think they would have a conference room instead of meeting in the isle or go into the back room, but I guess not.  I literally told them that the store sucked now.  I told them everybody was ticked off that they moved everything except the produce and the frozen foods.  Oh wait, the cheese was still in the same place.  Anyway, I still hadn't found the peanuts for my husband, so I asked them where they were.  One guy tells me what isle they were on and I said that was fine and dandy, but you freaking don't have any isle numbers up.  One of the execs told me to follow him and then in his nonchalant attitude asks me why I was upset.  I told him it's not just me, nobody can find anything and it made no sense.  I asked him why they had to change everything and he pointed to the stupid floor.  So, they had to change EVERYTHING around because they put new flooring in....what BS.  Anyway, I'm done with that Fry's, even though it's close to my house. It wouldn't be bad because of the attitude I was given.  So much for good customer service.
4	I used to HATE this particular store. I stopped in the other night for some cupcake papers and was amazed at the remodel. I didn't spend much time, but I can tell you it looks pretty nice, very clean and if you need some cupcake/icing products they have a very nice selection. I did hear a couple people complaining while I was there that the whole store was re-arranged, but it seemed to be layed out more to my liking than it used to be. I'll go back and check it out in-depth!
1	Place is a joke. A girl turned me away at 11:55pm. They close at 12am and I  just needed a gallon of milk 20ft inside the door. I'll go to safeway across the street from now on. It's nicer there anyhow.
5	1st time at this Frys location and couldn't find what i needed however they were really helpful and even opened up a new check out for me even though it was extremely busy which made it a great experience.
1	I go to Fry's all the time however this particular Fry's is the worst.  I was stopping there often since it is conveniently on my way home.  The checker's are very rude.  Obviously they don't want to be there.  1 got really crappy with me about getting out my card even though I was trying to empty my basket.   I even witnessed 1 checker yell at the woman behind me (YELL LOUD AND RUDE) because she was the "15 items or less lane".  Which, by the way, the woman only had 9 items in her basket.  3 of them were large but still, very embarassing.The deli people are awful.  Rude, crazy and nothing but attitude.  If you can even get someone to help you  After several run ins here, including a sick deli clerk coughing all over my food,  I asure you I will take my business elsewhere.
5	Close to home for those needed last minute items.  Friendly helpful employee's always go out of there way to help me find what I need.
4	I don't know why people are saying this Fry's is the worst or they hate this store because my wife & I have been going to this Fry's Food & Drug Store ever sine we moved here in 1985. Since this Fry's across the street from our neighborhood we shop here frequently. Over the years my wife & I have watched this store literally morph into different versions of itself.  The cashiers / staff here are very friendly and efficient  and since my wife is here a lot more than I am, they recognize her and everybody is always pleasant.  Another great thing you really do SAVE A LOT shopping here, but you're not going to be able to find everything on your grocery list.  Nevertheless, it's a great place to stock up on because they sure do have a lots of variety!PARKING: This neighborhood Fry's has an ample parking lot. We never have a problem finding parking. SERVICE: Never have to wait too long at the checkout. EXTRA'S: Our club cards always knocks off an extra money. Chi ching!SELECTION: The good part of being a busy fast paced store is the stock is fresh. Produce, bakery, meat always look fresh and restocked. CONCLUSION: Consistently meets our needs. Sure. When it comes to grocery stores, I believe you have to adjust your expectations accordingly. There's nothing fancy about this Fry's in general, but I believe this location offers a good combination of friendly staff, decent selection, and a great environment for your every day needs. In addition it has good prices. Is large, clean and usually well stocked. It is simply where my wife & I do all our main shopping.
4	Not quite sure why the reviews are so low for this Fry's. I love shopping here! I have been going regularly since moving into the neighborhood over a year ago. The staff are friendly, never once have I seen a sourpuss on staff. The store is always clean and easy to maneuver. I love the prices and the ease of shopping here!
1	Two words:  food poisoning.So, after I had half-way recovered from the wretched experience of involuntarily rejecting all of my bodily fluids and nutrients, I decided to go to the store and let the manager know.  I was polite about it, realizing that it's not possible for a store to NEVER have a contaminated item on the shelf.  The manager was pretty dismissive of it, and tried to act like I was crazy.  I insisted on filling out a report anyway.Then I decided to buy some smoothies and protein shakes, since I couldn't keep down solid foods.  Guess what?  About 20% of them were expired by TWO MONTHS, but they were marked down with the "Manager's Special" sticker, so that makes it OK.No wonder people get sick from the food here.  I think they must have sold me a rotten chicken, in the form of one of those roasted things.  They pump them full of saline "flavor" solution to cover up the taste of rotten meat.
