5	My muscles were out a wack and needed a massage. Where did I go ?One of the brand new massage envys. This one is in the New Norterra Shopping Center. Clean and nice, staff seems to be able to be friendly and helpful.     I was very please with my massage and so much so that I joined . If you join make sure you get an extra massage for free , I did.
1	I went a couple of weeks ago to this location.  I booked an appointment and went in for a massage.  No light weight I train pretty hard in my sports endeavors and had been feeling out of whack.Maybe my expectations are consequently also out of whack or because I am in the martial arts that I expected something more personal or attentive than what I received.  I walked out 45 minutes after the massage and felt about the same as I did going in and that was in need of a good massage.  The woman that massaged on me worked on me for close to an hour and then I got into a dose of  high pressure sales at the front.I am more of a 'go when I need one' type of fellow rather than going every single week or month like clockwork.   I realize that is not their bread and butter when it comes to this business but when I marked down that I like a massage about once a month and they are trying to get me to sign up for one in 2 weeks, it means they really aren't listening/reading to what information I provided that they asked for when I went in and instead trying to upsell how often I go..Which is probably why I didn't really like the massage very much since the impression I had was that no one really cared how it felt, or how good it was or how I felt after, only that I come back in 2 weeks to do it again.   I really walked out of there thinking i had just gotten a 'McMassage'
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE This place!I was feeling sore from a work out and got the first time member's price...  Deep Tissue never felt so good. I liked it so much I got the membership... I was going every other week but then decided to upgrade myself and go weekly. What the hell... This is my weekly treat to myself. Dennis is really good for deep tissue but he hurt himself so my new guy is Brano. He's just as good. For a little guy he sure can put the pressure on. Can't wait for my Friday appointment...The whole membership deal is not bad at all... 1 free massage a month and they have a location in Costa Mesa so I can get my massage when I am in Southern Cali. They have locations all over the place so it is convenient but still a little dangerous because I am contemplating on doing a 30 minute massage during lunch. Who needs to eat right? LOL
5	I have been having back pain and didn't know what else to do, so decided to try massage therapy. I would say the experience I had at this location was so good, that I decided to become a member. First, they were right on time so no waiting around. Second, they take you back to a very comforting room and ask you if you want the music turned down, the table heated, and if the head rest is comfortable for you. The massage itself was like paradise. I asked my therapist what type of massage she does and in her comforting voice she told me she uses a combination of types, trigger pressure and Swedish. This experience is worth any amount of money if it makes you feel better, and I felt so much better after my visit.
1	Totally bummed.I have been going here since June of 2008 and learned to ignore the front desk. The worst customer service people ever. They are not friendly and give the impression you are annoying them. That has been the norm since day one. My friend actually went with me originally but had such a bad experience with the appt and then the follow up with the Manager was laughable so she never went back. I however have major issues with my jaw and back it's next to required for me. So the occasional appt mix up over the years and horrible people that great you were not enough to deter me from my appt. About 8 months ago things got pretty bad and I was going to cancel but I had saved up so many massages from lack of wanting to go.  I needed to barrel through them so I could cancel with out losing them. My normal guy had just quit and they gave me Jennifer. A-mazing! She  was so good I no longer wanted to quit. Not only did I not quit I upped my appts to 90 minutes.  Love love love her! All of a sudden the issues are beginning again. I have moved further away so these mix ups are a much bigger deal. After another appt mix up last Sunday  I had to cancel...I couldn't deal with it any more. Sadly I will be moving on to another company. I recommend the same for you.  This one just lacks customer loyalty and quality of service.  I can't ignore it anymore.The only saving grace for them are the Gems they have like Jennifer.
5	Great place!  Ali is awesome!  I have a bad back and need deep tissue work.  My back is feeling better already!  Excellent job Ali!
5	Let me preface this review by saying, I am not a big fan of facials because I usually end up leaving with worse skin than I went in with, partly due to my tempermental/sensitive skin.   But...I think I may have found a miracle...at North Phoenix Massage Envy.  Her name is Kristi A.At Massage Envy they use Murad products, which I had heard good things about from a friend, so in a last ditch effort I decided to give a Massage Envy facial a whirl.  I went in about 2 weeks ago with inflamed, broken out skin. I left with skin that was much more calm, with less inflammation, and skin that ultimately cleared up (I am still shocked about the last one).  Kristi really knows her way around the Murad product line.  The facial I received helped my face so much, and the products she recommended that I took home, have helped me maintain my glowing complexion.  I am still in a state of shock that I FINALLY found a facialist/product line that has cleared up my skin.  I have already gone back (tonight) for another facial in hopes to maintain my clearing, healthier skin.Kristi A. is amazing and if you have skin issues, you need to see her.  And...if you just want a relaxing facial from a sweet, professional aesthetician, she is also your gal!!!
4	Sharma was one of the best massage therapists I've had in a long time- and I get massages at some of the most high end resorts/spa. She used techniques that were completely unique to me ( that were amazing) and also told me why she was doing it/ why it helped. She was very informational and even showed me some stretches I can do to help alleviate some of my neck and back pain. Def recommend her!
2	I got my first massage ever here and I won't be going back. Walking in I came in 10 minutes early to fill out paper work and the front staff were really helpful but pushy about their membership even before I got my massage. My masseuse was good, very informative but he talked way too much. During massage you are supposed to follow the client's lead and when I stopped talking he would keep talking and while he talked he would stop massaging. If I was looking for a friend I would give this place 5 stars but since I was looking for a nice place to relax I'm giving Massage Envy two stars. If you are thinking of coming back for another massage at a decent price, you'll have to be under a contract and become a member which is unreasonable to me.
1	Horrible experience.  I have a migraine today, asked for deep tissue on shoulders neck and upper back and this therapist hasn't got a clue how to relieve a headache or even give a good massage, my worst experience ever and I have had numerous massages over the years.  I thought the whole experience from the moment I walked in was not good, and the therapist  was late, needless to say I didn't go back to work after this experience which has cost me time and money now.  Just plain horrible!!!
3	The atmosphere is on the lower end of massage places, but quite a nice version of the chain (I've been to others).  The front desk girl was pleasant and the massages were prompt.  The temperature in the rooms was great and it's very clean.  It's also about as inexpensive as massages get without some kind of deal.  The massage therapists I had were ok - nothing bad, nothing excellent.  The massages felt very nice and helped with immediate tension, but weren't particularly effective as massage "therapy" (my regular place is wonderful for that).  With a physically active life style and sedentary job, there are times when a massage is pretty necessary - tightness or soreness in a particular area can really benefit from it.  This is not a place for that kind of massage, in my opinion.  The therapists were a little chattier than I like (silence is golden during a massage).  I'm sure I should have been a little more clear about my preferences.  If you prefer silence, it's not their default setting, so just let them know.   My husband and I have both been to this location a few times, mostly out of convenience, so this represents multiple experiences.  It's not a fancy place and you don't get a fancy massage, but you also don't pay a fancy price.
4	Went here for a massage a few weeks ago. The service was great and the atmosphere  is great. The massage wasn't the best but it wasn't bad for the cost.
1	Will not let you cancel or move an appointment when you are injured! I fell and sprained my ankle and at the same time severely injured my opposite arm and skinned my knee and bruised it up pretty severely on the opposite side. 3 of 4 limbs are pretty severely bruised. They will not let me move my appointment, so now I've wasted 11/2 hrs for a massage where the only parts of my body she is going be able to touch is my back and left arm. I could have cancelled yesterday but I did not know the extent of my injuries or that I would be one giant bruise the next day.  I'm pretty sure they aren't even legally allowed to massage freshly injured areas of the body.  I understand the idea behind cancelling ahead of time, if possible, but life happens people and it is an extremely bad policy to even be willing to work on a fresh injury let alone not make an exception for an injury/emergency I'm looking into the legality, safety of this massage.
