5	It's funny how I find myself at Costco whenever they can be found. I came here to find a huge case of Smart Water for my sister while she was recovering from a tonsillectomy. Of course, like any good Costco shopper, I left with a basket full of items I truly didn't need. Costco's have standards. And they all are identical in style, form, and function. Their customer service is also eerily robotic, never faltering. There's no way I can complain about this Costco, because they do everything right. Heck, I've seen people returning used Christmas decorations after the holidays and they STILL take the stuff back. Their customer service is unreal. It is pretty far West of central Madison. But I can understand their location is probably due to proximity to suburbanites and large family dwellings.
5	Not busy like the locations I'm used to on the east coast so I'm really happy that I can enjoy perusing the aisles in peace. For some reason the samples still always run out by the time I get to it though :(
5	This review is for the pharmacy only.You do not need to be a member to use the pharmacy. I am a self paying user of generic Plavix...Cost for a 90 day supply is around is about $25. Contrast this to $45 at Walmart,and $200+ at both Target and Shopko. Price difference is unbelievable!! Begs the question of what price are health insurance carriers forced to pay!?? No wonder premiums are high should they be charged the 200-220 prices. It does pay to shop for prices..
3	I would give this Costco a better rating if they had not treated my mom like a criminal when she handed over my card because she forgot she needed to get her own upgraded card. The woman at the register acted as if my mom had committed a capital crime, when in fact, my mom is getting older and more forgetful. At customer service when it turned out my mom is in fact on the account and she had just neglected to get her own card as instructed a couple months earlier. An apology or at least losing the attitude would have been a nice treat from the cashier, but apparently that was too much to ask.
3	Given the choice between Costco or Sam's, I'll take Costco everydamntime, no exceptions. That said, there are a few dislikes:- Long lines at checkout. Please, please, please open more checkout lines?- Sample-pushers: There's normally a huge line of vultures/shoppers looking to pillage your free samples; if I walk past you because I'm either (a) not interested, or (b) in a hurry, please don't (all but) harrass me to try your product(s). If I'm curious about a product, I'll consider a sample.- Variety/stock doesn't change too often.- Christmas items out and on display for sale in August? Come on. Really??- Fuel prices aren't much better than most local gas stations. You'll be lucky to save $0.02 or $0.03 per gallon, which on a 10-gallon fill equates to around $0.25... annual membership runs around $50, right? So you'd need to fill your gas tank 200-plus times to offset the membership cost (if all you bought was fuel; some of my friends do this, believe it or not!)- Certain items aren't any cheaper than they are at Woodman's or elsewhere. Watch what you're buying - don't just assume everything is less expensive. Also, several manufacturers make products specifically for warehouse stores - for example, the 30-packs of soda. It's sorta' hard to compare prices "on the fly" when you're not dealing apples-to-apples.And now for the pros:+ Kirkland products ROCK. I've never found anything to be substandard.+ The bakery and deli are fantastic. My coworkers regularly order birthday cakes from the bakery here and they're always delicious and a tremendous value.+ Carryout pizza, already cooked and ready to roll for $10? Yes please. And it's a massive 18" pizza that's better quality than the majority of the chain delivery places.As a single dude, I don't purchase a ton of stuff here for me. I'd struggle to use 3.5-pounds of chips or 7-pounds of strawberries before they go bad. But, I do use Costco to purchase goodies for my coworkers, as well as to grab vitamins/supplements/protein drinks and a few other non-perishable things.
3	This a a nice Costco.   I went in for a quick lunch.   A buck 50 for a hot dog and soda....then 75 cents for some chips.   The service was quick and friendly.   One person took my order and another made the hotdog and had it ready immediatly.
4	Costco is the absolute bomb for saving money.  Being able to buy A few tips:The Kirkland Signature alcohol is actually made by the major labels.  The vodka?  Made by Grey Goose.  There are two membership levels for non-business owners.  Executive and Gold.  Get the Executive.  Even though it's more expensive, you get cash back on all your purchases which, if you spend more than $100/month at the store ends up paying for itself, so your membership is effectively free.  Arrive around noon on a Saturday and prepare for lunch.  If you don't fill up on samples, have a cheap pizza or hot dog and soda.  Fantastic.Get. The. Rotisserie. Chicken.  Seriously.  $5 begats a meal for several people or for several days.  Perfectly cooked as well.  It won''t disappoint.  Overall Costco is a great experience.  The employees are friendly and helpful, and the prices make it worth the journey.
5	I love Costco! It has really helped me save money when shopping for my big family. The employees give excellent customer service and they all seem so happy. Even when it is busy the lines at the registers move fast. I would highly recommend Costco to anyone wanting great savings and good service.
4	Very strange to review a store like this.  Seems obvious - you go in, you buy stuff, you leave.  Pretty simple.  I've been there many, many times.  And I must say, EACH time I'm there, the employees are very helpful and friendly.  I tip my hat to Costco for taking care of their employees - I know they pay more than the average store, give good benefits, etc.   And still, somehow, they make money.  Sounds like a win-win-win for all of us.  We need more of that in this world.I REALLY love the fruit here.  I have no idea how they do it, but they get the "good stuff".  Their raspberries, while being super cheap, are also the biggest and best berries you can get.  Each berry is better than the junk I get in town for twice the price.  The strawberries are consistently good as well.On weekends, you can have lunch just by cruising the sample stations.  Oh, and those stations work - I often end up buyin' what they're sellin'!  The kiddos also like to try stuff there (yay).Need a quick lunch?  For around $2 you can get a slice of pizza and a soda (with refill).  Boom!The Costco gas station used to be a deal on gas, but has since come even with all the other places around them.  Not sure why, but no special reason to stop there anymore (unless you have the executive membership and get cash back).I won't go to Sam's.  I WILL go to Costco.
5	5 stars as a big box store, and 5 stars as a restaurant, 5 stars as a liquor store.as a store Costco does a great job of delivering perishables, clothing, and tech at affordable prices-- traditionally this comes in bulk but thats not always the case. I've bought ipad accessories, a camera, printer ink, etc here, as well as tools and kitchen appliances, all at great savings.the clothing can leave a bit to be desired if you're not a bigger human as most things seem a bit more "loose fit", but the socks and underwear selection aint bad.food is a strong suit here. great bulk food-- our work office is stuffed full of different dried fruit and crackers from costco for snacks. their pizza is unbeatable. pasta and hummus are great buys.the food court is the second best part of Costco. buck fifty hot dogs? with a free drink? yes please. enough froyo to make you sick for $1.35? amazing. not good for you, but good for your wallet for sure.lastly, their liquor selection is amazing. whether its a big bottle of bourbon/rum/vodka, or their fantastic selection of budget and upscale wines, thats one of the most common reasons I head there. Overall, a great spot that kills the competition.ps have to put a shout out to their kirkland-brand dog food as well. Its all my dog eats! not that he has a choice. but honestly, according to dog food review websites (yes those actually exist) its actually very high quality, especially for the price.
4	Warehouse shopping, gotta love it.  While prices are great, selection is not always the best.  Many items are 'one time only' and you'll never be able to see them again.  They often have high end brand name clothing like Lucky, Tommy, and Calvin Klein, but with no fitting rooms it's always a gamble to buy because at least for me, it's a 50/50 shot I'll be returning something.  It's kind of mystery everything I go there because I'm not sure what will end up in my cart.  My most common best buys? Organic milk, eggs, chicken breasts, cereal, and bottled water....best prices in town on these items! Also, who needs a gym membership when it takes you 10 trips to the car to unload it all?
4	I LOVE COSTCO, but I try not to go often because it's usually packed with people and the checkout lines are excruciatingly long. It just feels a bit crowded and chaotic. My main purpose of shopping at Costco is to stock up on grocery items. Costco has high quality food at reasonable prices. They have a good selection of organic products. I like to buy meat at Costco because they have antibiotic/hormone-free options. The produce is always high quality. They have cage-free eggs. They also have a good selection of wine/beer/liquor. I was skeptical at first, but Kirkland brand liquor is actually really good and comparable to top shelf brands...at a fraction of the price.After shopping around, I recently purchased a TV from Costco and it cost $150 less at Costco then anywhere else (Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Amazon, etc.) They really do have some great deals, so I'll keep braving the crowds to get my Costco fix.
5	Love Costco!!! We shop everything from them. Great customer service. I wish they can bring certain popular products back
5	I never thought that I would be a  Costco girl!  I live alone and buy mostly organic.  But I saw a Living Social deal and decided that it may be a good time to reconsider my stance.  I walked in and was guided to the service desk where the representatives went over the benefits of the card and upgraded membership.  I was sold and upgraded to executive.  When I factored in the savings it seemed like a great idea.  The representative was very nice and it didn't feel like she was trying to sell me. After that process, I walked around the store and was pleasantly suprised by how neat everything was. Though it is a warehouse store and obviously very large, the store was kept in tip top shape.  Of course there are the samples of which there were many!  The one thing that I was really surprised about was that every one that worked there just seemed so pleasant and helpful.  Though they do not have many organic options, I can certainly see myself coming here for the myriad of other non food options that they have.
