5	After driving to Phoenix from Minneapolis, I was in desperate need of a new set of tires. A friend recommended this location as being very good. I agree. I had several and complicated requests to be done to my vehicle, and the gentleman assisting me (even with a line of customers waiting to be served) waited to fully understand what was being asked of him. He did understand, and he even gave me a discount on labor costs. Customer service was excellent, and when I waited longer than the quoted time, he completed the work himself in order to fulfill our agreement. I have worked in the tire industry in the past, and I will return to this location.
5	Absolutely great service as always! Oh yeah, free flat repair if you were'nt aware of that.
1	The absolute first time I've ever had a bad experience at a Discount Tire.  I came in there in need of one tire for my vehicle.  I was on my spare at the time so in somewhat of a bind.  I called my local Firestone who quoted me an out the door price of around $70.  I'm not a Firestone fan so I called up the Discount Tire near my place of employment.  When I spoke to the individual on the phone he stated that they would price match and stated there was pretty much no wait and to come on down.  Once I got there the price with install was magically over $30 dollars higher than when I spoke with him on the phone.  Being that I had a coworker waiting for me outside I couldn't really walk out and go to a different place.  I explained that Firestone quoted me around $70 out the door for the tire and he stated that he called the Firestone and they said that was just the tire price and not out the door.  Another great thing... they didn't even air up my other tires as I had a low pressure warning still on my display when I left and continued to drive.  Oddly enough when I called Firestone after getting my vehicle back from Discount, they said they did not receive a call stating what the Discount employee said.  Firestone said I could still come down and get the original price they quoted me.  I deal with fleet vehicles at my job pretty much everyday so I can easily say you will want to steer clear of this branch.  There's plenty of other options within a two mile radius of this shop that won't give you a dishonest experience.I've never had a dishonest experience at a Discount Tire.  I've always seen them as one of the best when it comes to just tires.  I'll never use this branch again and will have an extremely hard time using a Discount Tire ever again.
1	Very Very Very Bad Service! These guys cannot be trusted. My husband and I bought the tire repair/replacement warranty certificates per tire about a year ago as discount tire recommends. I had a staple in my tire yesterday that created a flat so we went in to have it repaired. The service man said it was not repairable and then proceeded to sell us 2 more tires at a small fee of $500 because of our AWD. He seemed to change his story slightly during our conversation with him so we decided to investigate further if his statements were accurately and WAS our tire really not repairable? First, we found that the tires he was trying to sell us were about 50 bucks cheaper per tire AND we our tire was indeed repairable. Oh I should also mention Mr. discount tire failed to give us back our flat tire and wheel when we returned to pick up our car (after we told him to leave the donut as is). We called the next morning to pick up our tire and wheel and he claimed he threw away the tire but we told him that was not his to throw away and he better find it. Anyway - we got it and took it to another tire company who was able to repair it in 10 minutes, showed me the tire and all the details about it. I can't believe that Discount Tire tried to pull this on us. Well they pulled it on the wrong people and we will not stop here. Other websites and BBB will hear about this. Try just being honest, good service representatives next time Discount Tire!
4	So far so good.  They were friendly when I ordered my choice of tires rather than try to push some floor models that were inferior.  I would certainly recommend this location.
5	Was driving on Baseline this morning and noticed the car was not driving smoothly so I pulled over to check and saw I had a flat. Fortunately I was in the Discount Tires lot when I pulled over so I went inside and had them take care of the tire. The tire was not repairable but they had an exact replacement in stock. I bought the new tire with warranty and had my wheels balanced and tires rotated while I was there. They got everything done very quickly and I was on my way. I liked the fast friendly service.
4	The unfortunate experience of having a tire issue while you're far away from home or when you are close to home can be completely stressful.  I pulled into this Tire Discount without an appointment on a Saturday and they were able to work me in to their busy schedule.  I was extremely appreciative of the fact that they kindly took care of me.  They were not generating business from me because I bought my tires from a different Discount Tire store, so the repair to my tire was free.I was very happy with how attentive my repair-person was.  The salesperson told me about how long I would have to wait and I didn't wait any longer than that.  They took the time to show me what caused the issue with my tire before repairing it.  I liked that a lot.  They fixed my tire and sent me on my happy merry way.  I would definitely go back to this tire shop!No one wants to come here with out an appt, but if you have a tire emergency, then this is the way you want to be treated!  Although, if you can, make an appointment so you can be at ease when you show up.
5	We stopped by to have all four tires replaced 15 minutes before they were to close on a Saturday. They fit us in with no problem.or complaints. The staff was very helpful (Danny in particular) and fast. Apparently alot of people showed up right before closing but that didnt phase them. They got the job done quickly and without any kind of complaining. We watched outside as they all worked together to get everyone serviced quickly and efficiently. While our tires were a bit pricey, the service was great.
5	These guys are awesome! I bought a new set of shoes for my car in July. Since then my girlfriend ran into a curb and popped one of them and tonight I ran over a screw that popped another.  Both were covered by the warranty.Tonight they went above and beyond because I rolled in about 10 minutes til close. They met me at my car, took my tire to examine, decided it needed replacing, replaced it and had me out by close. Outstanding.
1	Where do I start with this?  I am used to the Discount Tire that makes sure their customer is taken care of.  I had a tire blowout on the freeway on a Sunday afternoon.  I towed my car to this shop as it happened to be the nearest one to where my car broke down at.  Being a customer, I knew 2 things.  1, my tire was flat and 2, Discount tire would fix it.  I left my car in their parking lot overnight and called them first thing Monday morning to advise them of the situation.  They said that they would get everything taken care of, that they would be fine only having to replace the one tire, and it would be done that same day.So I picked up my car that afternoon, happy as a clam.  One of the employees (Victor?) seemed to be in a rush and while my credit card was giving me problems, he was pressuring me to just use a different form of payment and call my credit card company later.  That wasn't very nice.  Regardless, I was happy to be over the situation and I drove my car home.  The next day (today), I got ready for work.  On my way out of the Starbucks parking lot, I notice the same exact wheel that they fixed was yet again, flat.  It had barely enough air in it for me to lug it to the nearest QT and fill it with air.  I then proceeded to the nearest discount tire to that location (4th ave and Bell).  It was then revealed to me that the tire that and the blow out, the same tire that was then again flat, was flat and was having tire issues due to a CRACKED RIM.  Now.. I am not saying my rims were in perfect condition.  In fact, I knew that they had seen better days.  But words cannot convey how it felt to know that they did not fully inspect my rim as they should have for safety/hazard reasons.  If they had only taken an additional 3 minutes.. THREE minutes... to check the rim and see that it was cracked, I would have GLADLY paid for a new set of rims and tires right then and there.  Times like that it is not about money- it is about safety and I TRUSTED them to tell me that my car was or wasnt safe to drive.  They were NEGLIGENT in not checking for my safety and literally, put my life at risk.I can't imagine what could have happened if I didn't notice the flat this morning and kept driving up the freeway to work.  Another blowout during rush hour?  This discount tire put my life at risk and it is my mission to make sure that this gets as far as it can.  This can happen to ANYONE.  I am lucky that I caught it before it was too late.I would not recommend this discount tire to my worst enemy.
5	The store is conveniently located in a shopping plaza for a Kmart. While I waited in line, the staff acknowledged me. Very courteously attended to. There were many people waiting, it was a very busy day but the team was moving around urgently, greeting customers and maintaining their professionalism. You can expect to wait a good hour if you arrive at a time when the entire community decides to show up that same day lol
5	EXCEPTIONAL service from Chris. We were in Phoenix for work and had a tire emergency. Chris was able to replace two tires in less than an hour for what seemed like far less than we would have paid in So Cal.
