4	Located on south side of Thomas and 5th Av. Across from the hospital.  A not so typical cafe featuring typical, and not so typical cafe eats.  For instance Chile and a  Grilled Cheese Sandwich.  Or  Eggs Benedict, or Spinach Salad with red onions and bacon.  David Charns, the owner is friendly and conscious of quality food.  Open early for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  You can feel well protected with our Boys in Blue frequenting the joint.  For intermittent entertainment, a one man band is sometimes featured on Friday evenings.  Cocktails available.  And if you're interested in checking out First Fridays Art Walk in downtown Phoenix, featured once a month - they're on the bus route.  Super casual atmosphere, good food served up quick with a little smak makes this place fetching.  Be sure to say "Hi" to the dishy blonde at the front door and check out the outfit of the day!
5	The perfect breakfast diner!God I love this place.  Big portions of GREAT breakfast food in a CLASSIC diner setting.  The hasbrowns were greasy and awesome, pancakes and scrambled eggs were done PERFECTLY!  They have a bar and booth seating as well, and the place was filled with the sounds of the sizzling grill.What a great place!
1	I did not like this place.  It was greasy and the food was made with cheep  ingredients. My breakfast sucked.  I would not eat here again.
2	Breakfast options in the central corridor are alarmingly sparse, which creates irrational decisions like visiting 5th Avenue Cafe to percolate in your brain, brewing as a 'good idea'.  It is not.What seems like would be a local Denny's knock off except with mahogany trim and a full bar was more like a Mel's Diner without the boorish, but hilarious short-order cook and a tad dirtier.  My fiancee's veggie breakfast was frightful and dry while my I found myself surrendering to the French toast offensive.  No amount of store-bought syrup could conquer that alpine mountain of suck.  Somehow, i don't think this is what France had in mind when they lent the moniker to breakfast heaven.  They need to rename them Freedom Toast, as in, set these things free in the front asphalt parking lot so the hospital pigeons can feast.The ambiance is absolutely laughable at best.  In every available sight line are TV [one was one of those old-school rear projector behemoths on a ledge] set to CNN just in case you want to know the weather in Duluth as you fight your chewy bacon.Coincidentally, there is the hospital across the street, convenient for an outpatient stomach pump should the need present itself.
4	I've been going to this place for years back when it was called Dee's.I would usually go here for breakfast on the weekends, but I don't live as close as I used to and the last time I ate breakfast here the service was not great nor was my server all that polite. She was too busy catering to the douche bag behind me to refill my iced tea when I did ask for more. Also when she brought out our food she asked if we needed anything else and didn't even wait for a reply, she just walked away. Hmm, no I guess I don' t need anything else, but thanks for asking anyway.So now I only order take out for lunch as I work on the same side of town.Aside from that one lousy server in the past the other servers have always been polite.This place has some pretty good food. I recommend the California crepe, which is filled with veggies and cheese. Their gyros are also very good. Tender gyro meat and soft pita. Their salads are also very large and filling. Though it's no longer on the menu, I think you can still order their veggie sandwich served on pita, with a layer of hummus and veggies. Very yummy!This place does get very busy during breakfast and lunch. I'm not sure about dinner.
1	My office is now with in walking distance, but we have been going here since it was Dee's. We being a couple of guys and I. So today Bruce said; lets go to lunch, I say, ok. He then says; I know anywhere except 5Th ave. The boy knows me so well ;-[) I tell him no I will go today, it has been a while since I have given in and gone with the masses. I just do not like the place. So we walk over and are greeted by a bubbly waitress. This place always has nice wait people. She talks with us for a few minutes and then takes our order. Oh the food, the food. I order a french dip with Cole slaw and a side of onion rings. Bruce has his usual a BLT with well done bacon and fries.Now mind you we are the only folks ordering at the time and still it takes an unusual amount of time to get the food. Which by the way would have been better if we had never gotten our food. What I get is roast beef cut thickly and with the grain. Now anyone who likes a french dip knows the meat should be supple and sliced thinly, piled nicely on the bun. It should also have a rich beef flavour as should the au jus. I mean even the lowly of the low line cook should know one slices meat against the grain, always. The bun on which it sat was just that, a meat seat. I also love Cole slaw and usually will eat what is served, not this. Totally lacking any inspiration resulting in no flavour. The rings looked good, but looks can be deceiving.So Bruce you are right, any place but 5Th ave.
4	If you're in the mood for breakfast food, it's solid. I live around the corner and have been going here for five or six years. The lunches are just ok.
3	I do like this cafe. I enjoy coming here for a good breakfast and at least once a week my job will order lunch from here. I have always had good food, but I have to say there is one waitress inparticular that is just lousy! It's as if she doesn't care about her job, the customers or getting a tip.I've had the displeasure of having her as a waitress twice and next time I go in there for breakfast I know very well not to sit in her section. This past Saturday it took at least 10 minutes to get menus, another 10 for drinks and when she brought our food that was the last time we saw her. She never came back to check on us or give us refills. I reference this same waitress in my other review, so clearly since July her attitude hasn't changed. There are other really friendly and helpful waitress and bus boys that work at this cafe and they all work really hard make an effort to ensure you have a good visit, but this one waitress could give a crap and it really shows.I hate to not tip servers because I know that is part of how they make a living, but if the service and the attitude is going to be so apathetic, then you don't get a tip from me!
3	I'm kinda pissed no-one told me about this place earlier... yeah its a dive, no... its not purrrrrdy... but wow... nice breakfast for 2 under $13.00!. Being from the east coast, I know you can't judge a book by its cover... so no judgements were made walking in... Honestly ... outside of the Roscoe's Baseball team... the patrons nor the restaurant has changed in 30+ years.. ( clothing or fixtures ) The service was pleasant, and decent... large classic plastic glasses that hold the beverages are a good value and no need to ever ask for a refill. I had a typical breakfast.. eggs over, hash browns, link sausage and wheat toast. All arrived hot and flavorful... the sausage, regardless of ingredients... was the best I've ever had in Arizona... I will be back just for them!! I noticed a full bar, and although I didn't ask, I can imagine that I could come here for a raging drink fest and not pay much... I hope that at night the bartender is an old, surly woman slamming the drinks down for me... that would make it picture perfect!
3	Cozy atmosphere.  The cafe seems to have two personalities: one side felt like a diner, and the other was a little more inviting (booths).  Felt like a regular even though it was my first visit (months ago).  Ordered the strawberries 'n creme crepe sans powdered sugar... very good!  Wouldn't mind coming back to try other menu items.
2	Serious Blah. Went there with some friends for lunch - some of their friends recommended it. Note to self - do not trust my friends' friends. The patty melt was a big hunk 'o' burger on greasy rye bread. Not enough else on their to taste. The side salad is iceberg blah, the clam chowder is creamy blah, and my friends agreed the Philly sandwich was shoulder-shrugging blah. The waitress was nice enough, but hard a difficult time grasping that I did NOT want a refill of my soda. Really, one giant glass is more than enough, already!
3	I just left the cafe and feeling good about it.Good basic breakfast food. I got an English muffin ham sandwich, which was good. It came with hash browns, to greasy, but over all a good meal. 3 people, $18.00... Ya get what you pay for.And one more thing, there is beer.  :)
3	matts was  closed. (monday..... *pout)we went  here. super cheap. good quality breakfast. i will return.
4	went back this past sunday.the red potatoes are a lot better than the hash browns. because it was a sunday, it was pretty packed and service wasn't as good as i would of hoped. but i liked the food better this time! definitely going to return.
4	This place is a greasy spoon, and I love it.  When I walked in the door I knew that it was my kind of place.  I thought to myself, "Feels good to mingle with these laid back country folk."  It has the atmosphere of a small town diner.  I actually forgot for a moment that I was in the heart of one of the biggest cities in the United States.  The food is top notch too. For whatever reason I enjoy my lunch and dinners to be a bit gourmet, but my breafast to be greasy and simple.  I got three pancakes, three eggs, 2 pieces of sausage, and hashbrowns all for $6.25.  These days it's hard to find a deal like this.  I would recommend this place to people looking for a small town diner feel, tasty food, and good prices.
3	I went to 5th Avenue Cafe today ready to have some brunch (well breakfast food really). I absolutely love breakfast. Aside from ice cream, it's my favorite. The atmosphere was okay. We were at a huge table off to the side due to the large number of people in our party. I quickly noticed that the fans in the building did not cover the one half of our table. We had to fan ourselves with items we could find at the table. We were asked if we wanted separate checks, which was a nice bonus with a large table.I ended up ordering an omelet, hash browns, and rye toast. The hash browns and the omelet were a little drier than I would've hoped for. I don't like greasetastrophes, but I do like a little flavor. It was, however, a large portion of food, and I ended up only being able to finish half of it.It wasn't bad to the point that I won't ever go back again, but I'm not sure it will be on my list of places to visit in a hurry.
4	Jazz With Your Coffee?Our family breakfasts here a lot.  We're known.  Nobody asks what we want to drink to start our meal, the ice tea or coffee arrives like magic.  For me it adds up to a combination of jazzy ambiance, local hangout, service, and good food.  A longer review on Yahoo! Local and photos are linked below. http://local.yahoo.com/info-19969075-5th-avenue-cafe-phoenix;_ylt=AmvpsXx.8qC26WLyMjXCRuWHNcIF;_ylv=3?csz=Phoenix%2C+AZ
5	I've been to this place a few times now.  It is excellent for "I just rolled out of bed and want some breakfast or maybe lunch, nothing fancy just stick with what you know" kind of meals.  The portions are perfect sized, the price is right and they are always consistent.  The waitstaff is competent, ready with a refill, and my favorite balance of pleasant without implying friendship.  This place is old school with ads on the table and when you order eggs over medium the whites are solid and the yolks runny.  Rockstar.I notice they have a full bar and will some day venture into that arena.
4	Jazz With Your Coffee?Local Scene in the Willow/Encanto neighborhoods. Our brother Leander knows a lot of people from covering his corner of the Phoenix music/culture/sports and entertainment scene with his camera. A musician friend got him started at 5th Avenue. He got the family started there too. I'm a fan of neighborhood, non-chain, high personality small business. 5th Avenue is all those things. The menu is diverse, the food, to us, is good. We have breakfast or lunch there once a month. Somebody may get missed in the daily crush. Some aspects of the menu don't satisfy the palate and sophistication of others. Would I rather munch in Denny's, IHOP, Village Inn, Coco's, or Marie Callender's? Nope. They don't have a clubby atmosphere full of jazz and music art. They don't have big screen flat panels with the topic of the moment quietly providing information and entertainment. They are places where your money, after salaries and operating expenses flows to remote corporate centers, and if they are lucky, the pockets of stock holders. Dang, I just criticized my IRA. Wall Street forgive me for I have sinned.If you like national consistency in menu, dependable look, and style, 5th Avenue is not for you. Open for breakfast and lunch on a corner building that's housed a restaurant for decades, we find the price of breakfast for two is about $20.00 including tax. Tipping is always optional, especially if the service and menu don't deliver.
4	This is one of those 3.5 star restaurants but since it is close to downtown and actually has a parkinglot in the back, I'll bump it up to four.  The food was pretty good.  I had ordered the biscuits and gravy.  Mind you, they weren't as good as Breakfast Joynt's but it was pretty solid.  The biscuits tasted fresh and were not hard.  The gravy could have used more pepper and sausage in it but I resolved the pepper situation and the giant sausage patties that came with my meal helped solve the other situation.  I came out of here full and happy.  The price is right and the place is full of a great mix of different people.  Really a good place to people watch.  I will most likely come back.
4	This place is pretty awesome.  It truly feels like the local hangout/diner that everyone wishes they had in their neighborhood.  It was really awesome to look around and see the wide range of clientele in here and it makes for some killer people watching while dining, my favorite.  The menu here isn't terribly inventive, but you shouldn't expect it to be.  I chose the Cowboy Scramble, or something similarly named, which was eggs, bacon, ham, cheese, and hash browns all scrambled together.  Literally, it was all scrambled, not just layered.  It wasn't the prettiest dish to behold, but it was pretty tasty, and I would definitely order it again.  It tasted fantastic and was incredibly filling.  I only got about halfway through it.I will definitely come back here again.  Service is good, the location is good, the food is good, and best of all, they have a decent parking situation.  Yay!
4	This is a great place. Its amazing the prices for what you get. So many times I go to other restaurants to eat breakfast and I end up paying $20 bucks on average. I spend less than half here. Food is good, staff is friendly. The only reason I dont give it 5 stars is becuase I like to have some nice drink specials on my sunday, such as mimosas and bloody marys and this place doesnt have that.
4	Comfy, cheap, good service. Exactly what I want from a small cafe. I like to come here in the morning before class to eat breakfast & chug down cup after cup of coffee - never a disappointment.
2	My hubby & I came her for lunch about 2 weeks ago.I could tell from the building that this place had been around for a while. The tables had random business advertisements on them. Definitely different, but kinda cool.I ordered the grilled cheese & opted for both the bacon & ham on sourdough bread with fries. My hubs got  the turkey melt on sourdough bread with fries. My sandwich was pretty yummy, hubs not so much. The fries were ok, nothing above average.The other lunch options didn't look too exciting so I don't think I would come here for lunch again but from the other reviews maybe for breakfast? We shall see!
3	I came here with my sister and her family.  My niece was in a 4-year-old funky mood, and the hostess charmed her right out of it!  You can't put a price on that!  I don't remember what I ate, so that tells me the food was pretty average.  I was intrigued by the fact that they have a full bar, yet are only open for breakfast and lunch.  I would go again.
4	So freaking affordable!  The food is average cafe food, but the coffee is hot and the service is pretty good too.I've eaten Lunch and Breakfast here, and prefer their breakfast menu.  All of the food is about $5 to $8 and their portions are rather large.Don't go here if you're looking for healthy or fresh.  Go here if you want greasy hangover food that will fill you up for cheap.
5	Far and away the restaurant I have frequented most often, 5th Avenue is superlative for service and food quality for the price. Other reviews describe it as a greasy spoon or good hangover food. Perhaps - but then if these folks were looking for cordon bleu, they were in the wrong place, weren't they. It's a breakfast/lucnh place, so compare it to Denny's or IHOP - with exponentially improved quality.It's as healthy as you make it - you can order french toast, eggs, and bacon or an egg white omlette! They are awesome at accepting alterations on menu items. The only thing I ever ordered that I didn't like wa the Fiesta Omlette - chili beans over eggs. Not because it wasn't tasty - but it was just a weird combination that didn't work for me.This morning, boyfriend and I went for breakfast. The cafe was busier than we've ever seen it - and, according to the owner, busier than he's ever seen it either! Absolutely love seeing local businesses thrive.If you're ever in Central Phoenix near 7th Avenue and Thomas and need a bite for breakfast or lunch, 5th Avenue Cafe may really surprise you with their homey atmosphere, friendly service, good food, and low prices.
4	I love it here! A walk through the back door and it feels like your in another city. Reminded me of Portland, OR. The place is really relaxed and comfy. The breakfast was sooo goooodd! They actually had a veggie scramble! Veggies, eggs, hash browns, mmm. The pancakes were a-ok, toast was tasty, just that damn veggie scramble was fantastic. Service was standard, the place was kind of clean, table smelled funky but it wasn't distracting from the food. Got much more food than would have at iHop and it was still cheaper
3	This Place is just a good cafe, the staff are nice folks. Nothing to give major kudos for with regards to food, especially because you have tons of options in this area for great breakfast or lunch.
5	My new favorite breakfast place!! I've only been here twice now, but I'm sold.First off, the prices are awesome!! The first visit we tried to choose the most expensive things on the breakfast menu because we were trying to spend $20 to use a gift certificate... With coffee we still only hit $16. No problem though, we are stoked to go back!! The coffee was excellent, and not too strong like some diners tend to do. Heavy, wide-lipped mugs only added to my drinking pleasure. Hash browns were superb, and I tend to rate places based on their potatoes, so that's a win for me.The decor is comfortable and welcoming, plus there's an antique trombone hanging on the wall... high-five for that. The bathroom is through the back, and it's a tiny half-bath style you would see in someone's house. I like that about it too, because it adds to the comfortable atmosphere. My only complaint is both times I was there, the floor was extremely wet, like some pipe is leaking but no one has bothered to figure out which one.There are also TVs in here, which seems weird but is actually kind of nice if you are there on Sunday and feel like watching a game. Bloody Marys seem to be the drink to order for Sunday morning breakfast and brunch! For the size of the place and the items on their menu, they have a decent beer selection as well.The other great thing about this place is they are conveniently located just off the light rail route, so it's very easy to hop off on Central and Thomas and take a nice stroll down for breakfast. (You get to pass Pink Spot too, in case you are hankering for some ice cream after your meal!) Riding the light rail is a big plus now that I've moved to the east valley, but still love coming downtown.
4	How much do I love breakfast at the 5th Ave Cafe?  A ton.  This is my new favorite breakfast place in Phoenix.  I used to try to go to Matt's Big Breakfast but honestly it isn't worth a two or greater hour wait for bacon and eggs.  First of all, 5th Avenue Cafe has plenty of seating.  Their meals are good.  Their portions on the gigantor side which can be a good or bad thing.  Just realize that when you are ordering.  their Huevos are probably the best around.  A superlative choice if you want a breakfast that is scrummers!
5	If you go to the cafe you should sit in Gabby's section.  She is fast and always gets the orders right.  I haven't found a better place for breakfast or lunch in the area.  The food is great, you can't beat the prices and the servers make you feel like family.  Don't pass up this gem.
3	If you like good prices, this is the place for you. I tried the veggie cowboy as recommend, but was not impressed. There wasn't really any flavor.Still, I probably will go back because of the prices. Despite my less than awesome experience they're very busy. There was a queue to be seated at a table. My friend and I just sat at the bar.
4	This place seems like it belongs in another part of the country. It's nothing fancy, just a diner where old guys go for breakfast and the newspaper.  The walls are adorned with jazz-related art and knicknacks.They have a pretty good selection of breakfast items, like pancakes, French toast, scrambles and breakfast bowls, as well as lunch sandwiches, salads and burgers. They include several vegetarian selections, which is much appreciated.I highly recommend the seasoned red potatoes as a side, they go as marvellously with a burger as they do with French toast.  They will even substitute them for hash browns in your Veggie Cowboy if you ask.It's also nice and cheap.  All around, a great place to go for a breakfast/lunch on a weekend morning/afternoon.
4	As long as you don't expect high-level customer service, this is a great place to eat just about every day of the week.  Really good food that usually is served very quickly - I live nearby and come here all the time.They also started a new "wing" of the restaurant that's open at night.  Live music, outstanding service and good food at low prices - you should check it out!
4	My dad and I stop in for breakfast this morning.  I loved all the musical instruments hanging on the wall and the pictures.  Also enjoyed seeing so many locals and many 90 plus year olds.  We sat ourselves and were greeted immediately by the one and only waitress, Paula.  The place was packed.  They have hot green tea and the food was better than Matt's Big Breakfast.  They have an awesome wood counter and wooden chairs plus the tables with the booths have been finished nicely.  My dad had the veggie cowboy with rye toast and instead of potatoes a side of fruit and we were not charged for the substitution.  I elected to have the pancakes and two eggs as I am searching AZ for the best pancakes.  These were okay nothing to rave about but the fact they were better than Matts big breakfast.  When eating pancakes, if I can cut them with just my fork and they taste good with just butter they are great.  These needed to be cut with a knife and they were on a little bit dry.  Great service and great decor.  If we lived closer we would come again.
5	I love this place!!  Very good food at reasonable prices.  Be prepared for a wait with large groups and at peak times, but the food is worth it.
5	Just checked out this restaurant for the first time and, OMG, Fabulous! The place was very busy, which to me, usually means the food is really good. We were greeted by the owner, Dawn, who is quite the delight. We waited no longer than 10 minutes before we got sat. The staff was very friendly and very attentive. Our drinks were always full and I could see that pretty much everybody elses drinks were full as well. We had the breakfast (I had the Mediterranean Omelet, my husband had the Green chili omelet) and we were both thoroughly impressed. The food was delicious! I would certainly recommend 5th Ave Cafe to anybody interested in a tasty breakfast. I have not tried the lunch yet, but their lunch menu looks great. I will definitely be back to check out their lunch and have their breakfast again. Great staff, very inviting, wonderful food!
4	201108130930Looking over the menu this morning, 5th Ave. is very competitive in their price points.  The usual restaurant items, some 5th Ave. special items, several veggie choices.  Let's compare a National Chain 1.8 mi (2.9 K) west.1. 5th Ave. -6:30 AM - 2 PMNC - 24/7 2. 5th Ave - unique Jazz/Blues theme decorNC - modified cookie cutter decor3. 5th Ave - Normal plus 5th Ave choices on menuNC - You always know what you'll get, one dish an internationally famous caloric/fat content item.4. 5th Ave. - News on TV at low volumeNC - Unavoidably loud 10 minutes endless loop, sometimes running 7 months 24/7 noting extremely cool items like new talent, hot sports events, and great new menu items.5. 5th Ave - local artists work sometimes showcased. Sometimes local music events.NC - Finally got some Arizona landscape pictures on the wall during the recent remodel.We could go another .7 miles ( 1.12 K) east from 5th Ave to another NC, drop the mega cal menu item, throw out items 4 & 5 completely.  We have another comparison.BTW, 5th Ave has a full-service bar.I have a road to hit.  Smoochy smoochy Sweet D.
4	Long story short: pretty darn good place for breakfast with bold Southwestern flavors.Long story long:After checking out of our hotel in Phoenix, we had arranged to have breakfast with a friend of mine whom I know via Twitter.  She had gotten off work pretty late the night prior, otherwise we probably would have hung out then, so we opted for breakfast.  I had seen this place and a couple of other ones, and cross referenced her suggestions.  I was leaning toward this place because it was relatively near the 17 going up to Flagstaff, since I wanted to get on the road as soon as possible because we had a long day of driving ahead of us.I almost drove right by this place.  Not that its impossible to find, I just almost missed it like that.  Walking in, my friend was already waiting for us in a booth.  The place definitely has a little bit of a Southwest feel to it.  Pretty spacious with plenty of seating and it smelled good, which is always a good sign.Looking at their menu, they had a lot of your typical breakfast cafe type of dishes, but quite a few of them with a Southwest flair.I eventually decided on the Chorizo Cowboy, a scramble with chorizo, hash browns, and cheddar cheese.  Served with a side of salsa and toast.  I got an orange juice to drink.Our food came out and it looked and smelled good.  How can you go wrong with chorizo?  And eggs?  And hash browns?  And cheese?  You just can't.  Don't argue with.. nop.. shush!!!I put some salsa on it and dug in.  Talk about good flavor.  Everything worked well with each other.  I could taste the spices from the chorizo and it was all good.  I will say though there was a tiny bit of a grease puddle on the bottom when I was done, but hey, fat is flavor, hahaha.  Still good though.We left full, but not stuffed, and satisfied.  Prices were reasonable as well.  I would definitely come back here should I ever find myself in Phoenix.  Hey, you never know ;)
5	love it!! I had a summer salad, strawberries, cranberry's, candied  walnuts, apples, pears, romaine, spinach, raspberry vinagrette and chicken. OMG. It was so good I love this place, you should go try it!!!
3	Been coming here for a few years now, always a great place to come to if you don't know what you feel like eating....and for good simple french toast!Most of all love the prices--cheap good food.Breakfast here is awesome:)
4	For your basic breakfast, this place is great.  The prices are so cheap, you get a very large amount of food, and the food was really good for what we ordered.  No fancy breakfast options (benedict, etc) but delicious basic breakfast.  Service was great and we were seated right away.  I love the diner atmosphere.
4	My husband discovered this place and it's a great place to eat.  Service is fast and accurate.  We've been there oodles of times and it is always good.  Convenient to St. Joe's and Phoenix College.  You know it's good when you see cops in there all the time.
1	Smells really bad inside of restaurant and food wasn't that good either. One star is plenty for them.
5	I found out about this place on yelp an decided to try it.  I had the french toast with eggs, hash browns and sausage.  Everything was really really good!!  We did happened to try this place on the day of Pride and the Tillman run though.  The place was packed and to me that's a good sign.  So with this being said our service was HORRIBLE.  The waitress took over 15 min to even take our drink order.  Then when our food came she never came back to check on us nor refill a drink.  The manager noticed and came over and checked on us and quickly took care of the beverages. When we went to pay we did mention the bad service because we NEVER leave bad tips and we only tipped 10%  which is a horrible tip to me, since 20% is standard. She offered to take money off the bill, which we didn't want her to do.  The food was good and we understood why they were busy.  We weren't looking for a discount, I just didn't want the next person to get left sitting there halfway through a meal, with no drink to wash it down with. LOL.  The manager was very very nice and apologetic and still took about 4 bucks off the bill (on a 20 bill thats a nice discount).  I will definitely go back to this place again.  The food was great and I have to forgive and forget the inattentive service. Yes they should have staffed better for such a busy day, BUT things happen.  I'm not going to not go back to this place because of that.  If I go back and it happens again, well thats when I'll think twice about making another visit.  But something tells me, its not going to happen again!! :)  Oh and the price of the food was really reasonable.  Whats NOT to like.
3	Good hangover food! Inexpensive, a little greasy, but tastes pretty good.  I enjoyed the omelet but did not care for the toast, which seemed a little stale.  My wife's bagel and egg sandwich was also really good and very inexpensive.  The service was not great. It took a long time to get our order taken.  When the food came out, my omelet was missing an ingredient.  Instead of fixing it, they simply added it in a container on the side.  Um, I wanted an omelet, not fondue.  For service, they loose a star.  Overall, not bad, not amazing, but by far the best breakfast place within a couple blocks of Thomas and Central.
3	Let's just say I had to nurse a hangover this morning and wasn't really feeling Joe's Diner or going to Denny's either. So, I decided to try this place which had some decent reviews. Overall, my impression of this place is good, and it is definitely tucked away inside a non-descript strip mall across the hospital (keep your eyes peeled if you're coming here). This is a good breakfast place. I'd come back, but it's not some place to write home about necessarily. Food quality was above average and the prices are more than reasonable. For $ 7.95, I got three slices of french toast, 3 eggs, 2 strips of bacon, and a healthy portion of hash browns. Be forewarned, the portions are sizable. I asked for my eggs scrambled soft, and they did a really good job. Bacon was a little over crispy for my taste. The french toast was yummy and the coffee was pretty good (though I think my hangover could care less what kind of coffee it was). The portion size, the quality for the price earn this cafe some plus points. This place also has a full service bar, which is a good thing for some place like this to have. Service definitely earned this place a demerit this time, albeit not a really serious one. The place was not super busy, but it took forever to get my coffee cup refilled. Other than that, service was attentive, friendly, and efficient. Grades:Overall Rating: B+ Discretionary Points for price and portion size. Food Quality: B+  -  Good breakfast food, good job on soft scrambling the eggs and                                   French Toast. Bacon could use significant improvement. Service: B-   -   When you say you're going to be right back with the coffee pot,                            come right back, don't go behind the counter and have a chat.                            Bring me some damn coffee!Drinks: N/A - They do have a full bar, but I did not try it. Adding fuel to a hangover                         fire is not that smart.
5	Found this place on Yelp and boy am I glad I did. Great service, great coffee, great food and affordable. The manager chatted us up for a while and was very nice. This place has that great authentic diner feel. I will be back.
5	Love love love this cafe! My family and I go there on the weekends for breakfast. The host is the sweetest, friendliest guy ever. The servers are nice and make you feel at home. Very attentive and friendly. The place is clean and always has the news on several t.v.'s, and there is always good music playing. The food is delicious and well priced. The coffee is incredible, and the cheese Danish is the best in town. Im not sure why anyone would give the 5th ave cafe less than 5 stars.
5	Peggy and I decided to try this wonderful place in the middle of a great Sunday morning trifecta which involved incredible sales at nearby Southwest Gardener and Aaron Brothers.  Gabby was our server, and she was very welcoming and brought one of the basic food groups (coffee) to us almost immediately upon request. I had the Cowboy breakfast ((hash browns were extra crispy as I wanted) and Peggy got the cheese omelette complete with hash browns also crispy as ordered.  Earl was nearby and was a joy to meet.  He was very cordial and he felt like (welcomed!) family from the get-go.  This will definitely be on our list of go-backs when we are around the area...and likely even if we make the drive from NE Scottsdale. Once again, a small place which emphasizes on great food and customer service.  Sorry to miss out on the danish which I saw from a previous blogger was "the best in town!"  Dr. B
4	Great local cafe, their eggs are always cooked to perfection and the staff is always friendly
5	I am from Florida and went to the cafe for breakfast with my daughter. The food was excellent, the price was great and service was on spot. We met the owner Dawn as she was the checkout person. What a nice person. We will definitely go back. As a matter of fact, I am going there this morning. I am retired law enforcement and knew it would be clean and good food when I saw Phoenixs best in there.
3	After getting a menu and water they forgot me. I left. Used to be very good starting to slip. Last few times there quality has gone down. Off my braekfast list.
3	Kitchen seems to really hold up speed of service.  Additionaly, service staff seem overwhelmed by a normal busy breakfast shift. Late giving menus,  slow to ask for your drink order etc.  The food is of good quality. Menu is as expected for a corner diner. But dang, the service is off putting!
3	Pretty good place.  You never actually know who is your server because several different people actually wait on you.  The service can be slow at times which can get annoying.  The space is pretty big, bigger than what it seems from the street.  The food was so-so.
4	To start with - super-cheap, stick to your ribs breakfast food. Try the Cowboy Scramble - tasty, large portions, and filling. Iced tea was very good, the super-nice waitress (Gabby) brought us an entire pitcher for our table of four. Efficient, friendly service, and did I say cheap already? It's a great place for a good breakfast (not fancy or pretentious) for well under 10 bucks a person. I must say that I really like this place - oh, and there is LOTS of off-street parking in the lot behind the restaurant.
5	So we have two weeks in Phoenix, and we came with a list of old favorite places, and 5th Ave Cafe was on the list!I always order the Chorizo Cowboy Skillet with corn tortillas and add a side of bacon.  This is probably not good for me.  My wife orders the Mediterranean Omelet with a side of fruit. This is probably better for her.  In either case, we consistently enjoy our breakfasts here.  In fact, out of all the breakfast places in Phoenix, this is the one that we both enjoy every time.The service this morning was quick, and in spite of a huge rush, the servers were kind of awesome.
5	I just have to say that the owner of this place definitely knows how to run a restaurant and how to take care of customers! She treats everyone there like she's known them for years! I've been here a couple times and every time it has been quite good until today. Today, she came around to ask if everything was okay and I told her with some hesitation that my meal wasn't so great. She was so kind and remedied the entire situation for me. She told me she valued what I said and was going to make sure she fixed the problem for next time. This is truly a neighborhood restaurant. I love that I can walk here from home and get such wonderful food and service. Yes, they are really busy on the weekends but the servers are clearly working SO hard to do everything they can to take care of diners! Even though today wasn't the best meal, I still think this place deserves 5 stars because they take such great pride in making sure everything is done right and they take each customers opinion to heart. I will definitely be back :)
4	So my wife, my 8 month old daughter and I stopped by randomly last weekend as we couldn't get into our original destination due to a parade.  My wife has a couple of dietary restrictions because of our child's sensitivities which makes going out to eat a bit difficult but not impossible.  The staff at 5th Ave made us feel like we'd been going there for years.  She can't have soy or dairy or the little one gets 'backed up' and our waitress and the manager bent over backwards to ensure that we were in the clear.  We've hit up all of the high end restaurants in the Phx/Scotts area during our stay here and I must say they were more accommodating than the majority of those places. Just wonderful and sincere people all around.  The food was great, the service was 5 star.  Thank you guys so much for making our rare Saturday outing so easy and enjoyable.  Its something we still talk about and truly appreciate.  See you soon.
4	Solid diner style breakfast place. The food is nothing special, but it's always up to par. The price is reasonable as well, and they always seem relatively clean.
2	It has taken me awhile to finally post this review (ummm... hi Yelp App people..... you've made a million updates to the app.... why not a post from app update?!?!)~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~You know something that really creeps me out about a place?! ...sticky salt shakers...eeeeew! I mean seriously people... Anyways, I digress.My friend and I were to be downtown after the R4TC this past Sunday and were looking for a place close enough to the race site to be convenient, yet far enough from it that there would not be a mad rush of other race participants. We finished the race later than usual, so we arrived at the Cafe around 10:50.  When we entered to the front door, and there were already two other parties in line ahead of us, so we did the logical thing and got in line behind them.  The line was formed by one door, leaving the other door for people to go in and out of (this will be amusing later on in the review).  We stood at the front, there was no host stand nor a spot that was clearly where parties waited to be sat, so we did the lemming thing and stood where everyone else was. On three occasions people just stood outside staring at the blocked door and looked at the line waiting for the whole line to move instead of using the CLEAR door... ummm.. really people?! And of course on all three occasions they had the nerve to be all huffy at us. HA!Five minutes go by and no one has come to talk to the mass forming at the door, a little miffed, I keep standing there as my friend goes up to the bar/cashier to ask if there is a wait list or something.  Finally, while she is over there a manager? Comes and asks everyone BUT me if we are on the list... ummm.... What I am under the age of 50 so I don't get attention?... just because I may not be your target clientele doesn't mean I am not a paying customer.  Another 10 minutes go by, and after everyone else is sat (including Mr. Huffy Pants that came in after us) we finally get a table.... In the corner, by the office.  Shortly after we are sat someone brings us some water.  And then we wait... and wait... and wait... 10 minutes later someone comes by to ask what we want to drink, we get our coffees and then our server disappears for awhile again.... Now just having done the race and not had anything besides a banana since 6am we were HUNGRY and tired of waiting! About 45 minutes after we had entered, we finally got to place our orders.  We had to flag people down to get coffee refills 3 times because our server was a magician practicing her disappearing act all morning. Actually, I'm not sure why we kept drinking the coffee because it was old and burnt tasting, but hey caffeine is caffeine. We finally got our food.  sigh.  It was lukewarm, dry (in the case of a waffle), and overcooked.  We were too hungry, and too tired to say anything, but its ok because our server never came by to ask how things were or if we needed anything once we got our food.  Only saw her again when it was time to pay. We do the R4TC every year, and are always looking for an awesome mom n pop to go to eat at afterwards.... gotta say... this one will definitely NOT make the list.
4	Good food, cowboy scramble rocks
3	Clean, nice staff, decent menu.  They have daily specials and a good deal of parking behind the building, which is rare along Thomas.They got us in and out fairly quickly, and the food was fresh and made the way you would expect.  Nothing extraordinary, but a solid diner nonetheless.
5	Always a good place to meet a friend for lunch. Not the healthiest dishes but tasty. The booths are big and the noise level is minimal.
4	Came here when I was super duper sick, so I tried to get in and out real quick -- I got a lot of assistance from various people at the bar when I was getting my to go order. I'll make sure to check back when I get a chance to sit down and eat here -- My "coyboy scramble" was really tasty, and the coffee was okay. Would definitely come back.
4	Great experience, the staff was friendly and the food was very good. :-)
4	Very friendly staff and clientele.  This is where the charismatic come for breakfast.The cowboy scramble is filling and tasty.
4	The Chorizo Cowbow is scrambled together in a skillet - 3 eggs, hash browns, mushrooms, tomato, onion, green pepper and spinach; served with toast or tortilla. This alone is a reason to check out this place! My good friend Anthony turned me on to this place and if you are looking for a great meal hangover or no hangover this is the place to go. I prefer to sit at the bar because it's usually quicker seating. If you go on the weekend be prepared for a possible wait as this place is very popular to families, and locals. One thing I love is that you get a true cross-section of all walks of life in this place. The staff is friendly and attentive while being efficient. You are also supporting a local business when dining here and that's a perk in itself!
3	1. The lay out inside is warm and welcoming. I do appreciate Mexican tile with black grout. Right when you enter, you are instantly greeted. 2. There is a variety of breakfast options, this place is known for their 'Cowboy' options and omelets. I got their Veggie 'Cowboy' skillet, it was not too greasy or too much food. The tortilla was delicious, would recommend getting the tortilla not the toast.3. Coffee, solid. 4. Prices are very reasonable for all menu options.5. Lastly and most importantly, Dawn rang my husband and I out at check-out and she was really nice. We were searching the candy basket for candy we like, and she pulls out a box full of candy for us to choose from. AND! She gave me all of the Strawberry candies she could find. Major win in my book!
5	Love this place. But you guys need wifi for us diners who dine alone.   :)
2	"Greasy spoons" are called such for a reason, but when you have a pool of that yellow margarine stuff under your hash brown, it's too much.The biscuits and gravy were no better than the ones at Whataburger, and the eggs are definitely not fresh eggs.But the biggest letdown of all was the coffee, which was several hours old. I've had baths hotter than this.The only saving grace was the very pleasant and attentive servers, who (bless them) kept offering coffee refills.
3	3 things about this place:1. Unfortunately, the food is not the best thing about this place, their SERVICE IS the best side about this place.2. The good news is that the food is almost as good as the service. Big portions, food comes normal/fast (never late).3. They could be at a better location and update the furniture. If this place goes with a "country/farmy" look and style it will hit the jackpot!
5	We LOVE this place!  My best friend and I have Sunday brunch here at least 3 times a week if not more.  Since we typically order the same thing every time because it's so darn good, they always know our order by heart.  We never have to wait for service and are brought beverages as soon as we sit down!  The gentleman who busses tables and brings beverages always serves with a smile and asks how we are doing.  All the servers are great but we always try to sit in Gabby's section as she is AWESOME!  Dawn and Earl are the owners and really make all their customers feel at home.  We always see Dawn on Sundays and she always makes it a point to come to come over and say hello.  The food is great- everything we've ever had there is super tasty!  They also do very well with large groups as I brought the entire family over one Sunday, the day after my sister's wedding to have a great brunch.  They were on the ball and extemely pleasant.  I highly recommend trying this place if you haven't yet!!
3	Had some waffles. They were pretty good, nothing to rave about, but pretty good.
4	Generally dependable and good. French toast is among the best in town. They also offer excellent lunch specials at very reasonable prices. It's my default diner for Sunday brunch.
4	Today I realized I hadn't updated my review for Fifth Avenue Cafe in 5 years. New owners have bought it in the interim. They regularly do different experiments for specials which have been great 100% of the time I've ordered them. The lunches have improved since they have taken over. The service is VERY good. Very friendly servers and owners. You can tell that everyone there is treated well.
5	So when I first moved downtown I came here with a friend. We were actually greeted by the owner, she's really nice and asked us if this was out first time in. She gave us some brief history on the place, it's been around for a long time. Fun fact, you can actually see a glimpse of this place in the movie psycho, in the background of a scene. I've been back most of the times alone in a Saturday morning for a quick breakfast and coffee. The food is amazing, the prices are GREAT, and the service is ALWAYS friendly and prompt. Place can get filled up but I've never really seen a line and personally I've never had a problem grabbing a seat. Please support local and give this great business and great employees a chance.
4	Good breakfast place!Went here with my parents this weekend for breakfast. I must say everything was great. We were seated promptly, order was taken in a timely manner, and food came out fast and delicious. I recommend getting the veggie egg white omelette. Pros-Solid breakfast menu-Great service-Coffee refills for days-Historic placeCons-Gets a bit drafty in the winter-Smaller servings on some menu items
5	Breakfast here was very enjoyable. The staff was pleasant and attentive, the food was good, and the coffee was decent. I ordered the Veggie Cowboy Skillet and it made me happy. They didn't skimp on the veggies and it didn't feel heavy with grease. Let's not forget the wheat toast. It had whole oats and flax in it. Yea! Annnnnd it's all very reasonably priced. Breakfast for two with coffee was under $20. The atmosphere here has a bit of an old time feel. It's cozy, very clean, and well maintained. 5 stars. Highly recommend.
5	Always great food and service. The owner and wait staff are very friendly. I tend to order the same thing the last few visit the veggie cowboy, but have tried lots of there food. It is busy on sat and sun but they are quick to get you seated!
4	Everyone has their own rating scale. Mine has been what ever I thought at the moment. I need to change and be more consistent in my ratings. One, two and three stars do not need much explanation it will be evident in the review. Four stars is we had a good meal and I will consider eating there when I am in the area. Five stars? I am planning on going back as soon. I will make a special trip to go eat there. Even if I have to drive 20 or 30 miles to do it. We had just got our taxes done. It was ab out 9:00am and we wanted breakfast. I did go to Yelp to find a place in the area and this place had some pretty good reviews. If you blink you will miss the building. I had to turn around and come back as I did miss it. Parking in front is limited. I do not know what is is back or street.The theme is music. There are many pictures of music and musical instruments around the room. The room is laid out simple tables and booths. There were quite a few people eating there but the noise was quite. Everything looked clean and orderly.The food was good, but breakfast is hard to mess up. I had two eggs, bacon, sliced tomato instead of hash browns, and coffee. It was good. The beacon was nice thick slices, not the skinny stuff you get some places. One of the big reasons for the 4 stars was the people that worked there. Everyone was very helpful and willing to substitute items on a listed menu meal. Some places are not or want to charge extra. Her attitude was whatever made you happy makes us happy. If I am in the area I will eat there again.
5	Had the Cowboy Breakfast scramble, delicious. I'm in Phoenix every 6 weeks for work and I know I'll be back.
5	Here from California for spring training and found this great cafe thanks to yelp! Very afforable breakfast , great food and great customer service.  We called last min for a party of 8 and they were able to accommodate. Really recommend this place!!
3	We walked in and no one greeted us for at least 10 minutes of standing their awkwardly.I had 2/2 pancake & egg (scrambled) w/sausage patti.Husband had same (over easy) w/hashbrowns.Sausage patties were too salty, pancakes were ok but a little overlooked on one side making me work to cut into them. Eggs were great.If the service was better we may have given a better rating.
3	Solid little breakfast joint. I have been here 3 times and my experiences have been pleasant. Food is good but nothing to go crazy over. Service is above average. I believe they have unlimited coffee refills too. Pros- Good food- Fast serviceCons- Smaller portions- Boring menu
1	This place is CRAP!!!!! Your seriously better off going to Dennys or IHOP. Me and my grandma thought we would stop and have breakfast which turned out to be a disaster. My food was covered in an ocean of grease and oil, the coffee taste 3 days old and when I tried to ask the waitress for a side of fruit instead of my greasy heart attack hash browns she gathered with all her colleagues and talk about us like dogs (Pointing and staring). Don't let longevity fool you. The food is terrible and service is worse. Your better off going to the grocery store and making your own breakfast. Seriously don't know how this place is open and with an 4 star ratings. WOW!
4	The pulled pork special was 5 star worthy.  The flavor and texture were stupendous.   Service was prompt and efficient. This was a great place for lunch.  Had a business meeting, which the environment supported.  Will be back again!
5	A MUST visit!Inexpensive specials that taste infinitely better than the more expensive options you find elsewhere.  Feels like a small town diner in the heart of the city.  Great atmosphere, food and service. Why would you go anywhere else for breakfast or lunch while you are downtown??
5	Friendly staff, Great food. Good selection of homestyle meals. Lots of parking out back.
4	I met up with a friend for lunch yesterday...this little place has been on my list for a while so I was excited to try it.  We arrived at 11:30 and the joint was jumpin.  My buddy ordered a cheeseburger and I had eggs, bacon, hash browns, and rye toast.The prices are great and we both enjoyed our meals.  This place is not fine dining, by any means, but it really hit the spot!  Parking is tricky but there is a nice lot behind the restaurant, with an entrance nearby I recommend this place for a quick, unstuffy meal!
5	My favorite go to place for breakfast & lunch!  Everything on the menu is delicious,  good home cooked comfort food.  My hubby introduced me to this place about 10 years ago and I/we are regulars.  Customers are always welcomed with a greeting & a smile.  Service is great!  Wonderful place to have a quick business lunch or leisurely meal with a friend,  while service is quick, you never feel rushed.  The owners,  Dawn & Earl,  make time to know their customers & check in with all.  Balthazar usually has my iced tea at my table as soon as I sit down and Gabby, Crystal,  Jesse & Paula take excellent care of us.  LOVE THIS PLACE!
5	The minute I come in and sit down one of the waiters is at our table with a soda for me and water for my partner. As soon as he picks up our plates, he is back with a soda to go for me. Food is out fast and always fantastic.
4	My boyfriend and I were searching for brunch at 11am on a Sunday. Happened upon 5th avenue through Yelp and weren't disappointed. The place doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside was nicer.Food came out fast and was quite delicious (Belgian waffle with strawberries, Cowboy chorizo). We also had a spicy, tasty, Bloody Mary. Service was quick and friendly.One star off for pricing. I understand it's a brunch place and they make a profit off breakfast fare, but the pricing was super inconsistent. Waffle was pretty small for ~$8, yet the Bloody Mary was huge and delicious for just $5.
5	Small town diner feel w amazing food. Love the staff. Everything is special and if they have crepes as a special order them!!!  Patty melt is best I have found in Phoenix.
3	It was decent and not very expensive. The 3 egg, 3 pancake, 3 bacon plus hash browns was only 8.95. The same breakfast minus the pancakes was 6.95. The quality of the food was average. The eggs, hash browns and pancakes were good. The bacon was so crispy it was burnt and the sausage links had a similar texture to the ones ar McDonald's. I wasn't impressed. Overall, I would go back. But it wouldn't be my first choice.
2	The food is well-made, but flavorless. Certainly not the food I'm looking for when I go for breakfast.
5	Honestly I've never heard of this place. I was in the area searching for a breakfast spot and this random little nugget appeared. It was a toss up between this place and The Good Egg. Needless to say 5th Avenue Cafe was the right choice.Right from the get go my party and I noticed the amazing decor. It had a Memphis feel to it with alot of jazz themed nick nacks everywhere. There was some good music playing too. (Herby Hancock) Waitress was pretty friendly and attentive. She told us that their skillet dishes were their main dishes. Unfortunately their waffle machine was down and they had to wait for some guy to come fix it. I thought that strange for some reason.Their menu is large. Typical breakfast menu except everything was southwestern style! Also the prices were pretty cheap. We decided to share food. So we got their homemade pancake, French toast, Bacon omelette, biscuits and gravy, and spiced potatoes. All good. Allow me to describe each dish in detail!!First those potatoes were.....perfect. Cooked just right. spiced just right. There was a slight crunch that was consistent throughout the dish which meant the chef knew what they were doing. They were the red potatoes too. The soft interior filled my taste buds with delight. Each bite made me think about life and how good it was. Then there was the Bacon omelette. But that's to vague. It was actually the Bacon avoacoado perfectly seasoned tomato and sausage gravy omelette with a side of sour cream. (We added the gravy on ourselves). Was this heaven? I submit yes! How did they perfectly cook the Bacon and eggs together with the tomatoes so eligantly? Magic? However they did it, it worked. Each bite was satisfying. Delectable is the only word that comes to mind. The only thing that could have made it better was cheese. Oh wait a minute, there was cheese! Swiss cheese to be exact. Melted and aged just right. My goodness the French toast was just simply not fair. Why? Because for now on if I want the best French toast in the world I have to go to 5th Avenue Cafe. Which means I have to drive downtown each and every time. But....its absolutely worth it. Soft yet crunchy goodness. Powdered sugar not overbearing. And once you top it with syrup, you melt. Read that again. The French toast stays crunchy somehow (again magic), but you yourself melt. After the first bite, I sat back in my seat and pondered the applications of modern miracles. Was I even allowed to take another bite of this......beautiful creation? How can I be? Who am I to say that I'm worthy enough to do so? Whatever I did anyways. And it was good.Pancake was also pretty good. There was a nice slight buttery taste. And although not fluffy, it did melt in your mouth. It paired nicely with my cup of coffee. (Speaking of food pairing, I noticed a large beer selection. Next time I come in I will delve into my other passion). We also got a side of Bacon just to sample it. Very good. The friend I was with described it as "salty goodness." To me it was slightly over cooked but that's just a personal preference.Overall perfect place. Also all that which I described which filled us up cost less than $20.00!!!!!! Another miracle? No just people who can make good food, and present reasonable prices due to skillfull accounting practices.This place has become my spot. Sorry "The Place" but I like breakfast here better. But "The Place" does have a large beer selection as well including local beers on tap. So maybe their tied? Ok bye.
3	This place has been here for a long time. We came here for breakfast, it had good standard fare. I only had a Bagel (which was Good)
1	The food is good..but the customer service is real poor, service with attitude, slam drink and menu on the table with out a word of apologize...would not recommended
1	The customer service is poor. Went there for breakfast and the "specials" can't be ordered because they aren't ready. Then to top it off, was charged $4.22 for 1 cup of coffee and 1 glass of tea. The food consistency is non existent. Recommend any other cafe over this one. Believe in giving any place a second chance, this was their third. Not going back.
5	We very recently found this place, but ate breakfast here this morning for the third weekend in a row. It's a great little neighborhood cafe with a super friendly wait staff, and delicious food. We can't recommend it enough!!
5	5th Ave is my favorite breakfast place in the downtown/central Phoenix area. The place is always full but I've never had to wait to be seated. Great service with a cozy, cafe ambiance.
5	I was pleasantly surprised by this place!  My breakfast was delicious, service was impeccable and the prices are more than reasonable.  I got a ton of food for less than $7!  I couldn't eat it all.  I'm indecisive so I ordered one pancake and one French toast!  The French toast was absolutely delicious!  My eggs were cooked to perfection and the sausage was yummy.  This restaurant was my last stop before leaving Phoenix.  I had some mediocre food while I was in town bit this restaurants made up for it.  Definitely try it out if you are in Phoenix.
5	This place is outstanding!  I had the veggie cowboy, and he had the french toast.  They were both delicious.  The french toast was a HUGE portion!  We traveled from Litchfield Park for breakfast, and we will be back!
4	Reasonably priced food with good service. Felt like a home cooked meal. :) I would come back and dine in again !
5	I have gone back several times. Service has always been amazing, food delicious and great prices. So as I mentioned the first time I went there, the service was explainable and not representative of them.  Just an insanely busy day. Loyal customer here!!!!
1	Just sat down to have breakfast at at Fifth Avenue cafe roach was crawling and countertop portions were ridiculously small and prices were expensive I don't think I'll be returning and I don't recommend this place unless you like a little extra in your food
5	I've been eating here as long as I can remember.  The food is much better than any of those chain restaurants, and the servers always go the extra mile for you, even when they're slammed.  The owners are almost always out on the floor working, cleaning, expediting, giving refills, or giving smiles :-)
