4	$2 drinks. $2 coat check. Good atmosphere. Crowd is 20-30, with a few oddballs in the mix.  Music is not terrific but definitely worth a visit.
5	La Shop, the place you want to go if you are looking for cheap drinks. They are open from Friday to Sunday & they have everything at 2$. Beer, shooters, rum & coke you name it! Everything 2$ is their motto & I like it. The mood there is crazy! Party from right to left. There is a small dance floor, with a pool table. Find this place pretty practical to get smashed, so go ahead and try out La Shop!
4	Entrance is actually $3 not $2 (BTW) Great atmosphere, pretty decent music! The crowd is between 19-23 (rough estimate).All shots, drinks, bottle of water, coat check everything (except for entrance) is $2! The alcohol wasn't even watered down, as I expected it to be. Didn't quite enjoy the stinger shots. Prefer the ones at Madhatters.They have a somewhat small dance floor (this is great considering that it is a lounge/bar and not a club. There was also a foosball table.Staff were nice. Bouncers didn't have an attitude (as you regularly see in clubs) so I started to like it before I even got in. Staff are super friendly too! Bartenders are quite fast too!Definitely would recommend this place if you want to get drrink and not break your wallet!
4	Love this place! Entrance is 3 dollars but every thing else is 2 dollars. Beer, shots, mixed drinks, 2 DOLLARS!!! a select few drinks are 3 dollars BUT it doesn't go past that. And the drinks are strong! The bouncers are really cool, the bartenders are really cool and the people who come here are generally a cool and eclectic bunch. A generally younger crowd and it seems to be mostly local and college kids but you'll see some older folk in their later 20's (like myself) in there. The music is honestly low, vibrational, top 40 piece of shit non-sense but since this place is so cool, I can forgive it. Especially if you get smashed enough, the music will be Beethoven to your ears. There's a small, decent sized dance floor but the place is pretty big to bring the dancing to other areas. Its really a cool place and I most definitely will return to La Shop when I come back to Montreal!!
