1	I would love to be able to review their services and their prices seemed great but after a month of trying we could never get it set up.First they didn't respond to the online request for an estimate so I had to call them instead.We then set up a time for an in home estimate but they didn't show and we got a phone call 30 minutes after our appointment time that the estimator couldn't make it. It took several more rounds of phone tag to try to set up an initial cleaning and I was never actually able to get our contact to answer a phone call and instead had to leave a message and wait hours for a response.They could not give us a time for our initial cleaning until 6 PM on Sunday for a cleaning on Monday.Finally, the cleaners showed up 4 hours late for the confirmed time we had been given the night before and seemed completely unaware what time they were supposed to have been there.They might do good work but if you are looking for a cleaning service because you are short on time or because you want to save on the hassle good luck.
4	I've been a customer of Grakei for a little more than a year and am consistently pleased with their service. I appreciate the fact that the same crew shows up each week, and that they are so professional. They're even nice to my dog, which is important to me. Scheduling changes are easily done by email and you should see them work!  I am usually gone when they come to clean, but on the occasions I've been home, it's amazing to see how efficient they are. Reasonably priced, reliable and thorough- what more can you ask for?
3	Been shopping around now for a while for some cleaning services. I found Grakei's in an ad sent to my house. After reading some reviews, I decided to give them a try. I really like that the same crew is sent each time. They get to know your house and how you like it cleaned. The communication is terrible with the management. They are slow to respond to emails and hardly ever answer the phones. The crew has been to my house 4 times now. The service is good but they were late by 2 hours once with no phone call. The prices are much more affordable compared to other places which makes up for their lack of communication. Overall, good service for the price, but not 5 star treatment.
5	Grakei Maids, did a great job!  First time using their service from a move. They sent 3 maids cleaned the house from top to bottom.  Windows, blinds, carpets, you name it.  Priced well was only about $10 difference from the quote.  Which was fantastic!  They did arrive late, but they called asked if they could adjust the time.  We were flexible, so not a problem.  And really, if you are doing cleaning or any type of service business often you can't anticipate how much work may or may not go into a job from time to time.  Price was great, service was excellent.  Would highly recommend!
