5	15 dollars for an array of beautiful feather boas, and more feathers than you can imagine.  They provide feathers for showgirls and cirque, but they entertain feather neophytes like me.  Great quality for a great price.
1	I really rarely write reviews because most service in my opinion is mediocre, which honestly isn't a bad thing. Mediocre is far better the atrocious.In this case I had to write a review. This place has provided me with one of the worst services that I have ever received. I only chose to go with this company due to some great recommendations from various (cosplay) forums, however I am sincerely disappointed.This company not only took their sweet time shipping the feathers (I ordered the 5/19 and they sent it out on 5/29), but also lacks the business sense to have good customer service. Their lack of customer service was evident when I expressed my dissatisfaction with their unwillingness to follow up with purchases and the response I received was just the tracking number. No" I apologize" or any kind of explanation for the slow response.What kind of business do I ask you, when a client expresses a complaint, states no kind of apology? I especially am irritated because no I don't think the customer is always right, but I do think I can at least have gotten an explanation for why my order was delayed or for the lack of follow up.As is apparent from this review I will no longer be doing business with them.
5	I had a challenging time looking for a boa. I went to hobby and arts and crafts stores, they had em but not the color I was looking for. This place came recommended by star costume. Located in downtown lv in the arts district and parking is on the street via parking meter. All I'm gonna say is "Boas Galore!" If they don't have a color you're looking for, they can order it for you (Will take  about a week). Love the quality of the boas,  I know where to go when I need a boa  :)Oh just to let you know, these are in my opinion "showgirl" quality boas, not the flimsy arts and crafts variety.
