5	Are you just as tired as me?  Tired of walking through the Capitol Square Farmer's Market traffic jam of baby strollers, wagons, kids on leashes, and the "samplers" (def. one who stops at every booth offerring a sample and never buys anything)?  Or perhaps you're tired because you wake up at 6am to try and hit the Cap Square market before the hoards?Then maybe the westside community market is for you.  We're talking basically the same selection of meats, produce and cheese.  Plus you're going to find Blue Marble dairy (!) and Sugar River Farms yogurt (!).  Also, you'll bask in the wide open promenade, and enjoy beaucoup de free parking (!).  Plus, if you park by the post office you find yourself right in between TWO markets.  That's right, the Hilldale farms market is just down the step in the Macy's parking lot.  So, if you want to get your beauty sleep, your beautiful bounty, all without the headache of Cap Square, hit up the Westside Market and chiiiiilllll.
5	I am a big fan of the Dane county Farmers Market.  What I am not a fan of are dumbasses with their strollers who stop and stand like deer in headlights for 45 seconds, and then start walking again, so you don't even have enough time to get around them.  Then they repeat this about 30 times as you walk around the square.  I'm also not a fan of people who are standing in your way because they are trying to get a sample from a vendor, and then don't buy anything. Enter the Westside Community Market.  This smaller scale farmer's market has basically everything you'd want from the larger market without the hassle.  Sure you're not going to find hot spicy cheese bread, but who cares?  That stuff is over rated.  Come to the Westside market for Blue Marble Dairy where you can buy fresh milk (!!!) Honey Bee Bakery where you can buy little mini quiches to take home and for all the same staple vendors from the larger market.  With less crowds, and ample free parking. :D
5	This is my go-to market.  When guests are in town I bring them to the Downtown Market on Saturdays, but personally I can't stand the crowds and double-wide strollers and super slow pace.  I just want to buy local produce without alot of hassle and get on with my Saturday morning.The Westside Market has a few dozen vendors selling all kinds of veggies, fruits, meats, plants, baked good, chocolates, dairy products, etc.  The vendors are friendly and knowledgable.Be  sure to sign up for their weekly newsletter.  It's really great, with recipes and anecdotes and market updates.
5	This market is somewhat of a hidden gem. A lot of people drive right by it on University Ave without noticing it or knowing what an awesome market this is. Sure, the Dane County Market is fantastic for taking out-of-town visitors. But if you just have 15-20 minutes to spare, you cannot even get in and out of the parking ramp downtown. In that case, you need to check out this market. The quality of vendors is VERY good and the convenience factor is better than any supermarket. My wife sometimes comes here just for one item--in and out in 5 minutes. Let's face it, the downtown market is so big, it has a lot of redundancy, and dozens of veggie vendors.  How many tables of carrots do you need to walk by to find the perfect carrot? This market has enough of everything to find exactly what you are looking for, without the time commitment or hassle of the downtown market.
5	I went to this little farmer's market to avoid the hordes that have converged on the Capitol and State Street for Maxwell Street Days.  This is WAY more my speed.  I don't have to trip over fifty people and get assaulted by a stroller to get that lovely bunch of Thai basil I was looking for.  I also scored French green beans, red onions, and some gorgeous zucchini and summer squash.  Can't wait for dinner!
4	Just found out about this farmers' market this summer and it is awesome. Now if I have a hankering for local veggies/plants/fruits/baked goods on a weekend, this is my spot to go. Tons of parking and a good selection. This is so much easier than wandering around the crowded Dane County Farmers' Market.
4	The Westside Community Market is a great alternative to the Dane County Farmers Market.  It has a smaller number of vendors but the quality is excellent.  I was very pleased with the Door County cherries that I picked up today.  The less crowded atmosphere allowed you more time to browse and select the best quality produce without feeling rushed.  There are some vendors that have spots at Dane County, like Stella's and Madison Sourdough, but you get some smaller local vendors as well.  Parking is easily available on the lot or on the street and you don't have pay for it, always a plus.  The atmosphere is a leisurely and laid back one where you don't feel the pressure to make hurried decisions because of the crowds pressing around you.
