5	Oh Charles David, how I love thee.  Let me count the ways.I love thee for shoes that feel like butter on my feet.I love thee for classic styles that you always have in stock.I love thee for trendy styles that are still tasteful.I love thee for being able to fulfill all my shoe needs.I'm elated that I finally live near a CD store...my husband, not so much.  There are really three sections to the store- one side has evening shoes and classic styles, one side has current trend shoes, and the back has clearance.
5	Thank the lord that I live so freaking far from Charles David and that Kerland Commons is outside of my typically traversed bubble. Because if it wasn't, my ass would be officially broke. And I mean broker than broke. So broke that I would be begging on the street corners of N Scottsdale to feed my high end shoe habit.Charles David has style, elegance, and most importantly a sale rack in the back that encompasses half of the store's collection at any given time. This is literally the only store I will buy shoes from. I love them. They cover everything from giant spiked heels, to classic pumps, to slip on slides and every single pair is somehow comfortable and doesn't make me want to rip off my feet at the end of the night. Craziness, I know.Anyhoo, Charles David is heaven, plain and simple.
5	Why, Oh why, did I have to get inside this store again.  I couldn't help it.  Every time I go inside the store I remember my friend Dean's words, "you need a 12 step program, let me help you and take 12 steps out the door".  Well, I guess I didn't succeed.  I ended up with two more pairs of shoes.  They are so beautiful and comfortable.  As a rule, I cannot buy another pair until I get rid of one, but lately this rule has not been working.  I cannot part with my shoes that fast. I got a pair of suede orange sandals, they are buttery soft.  I also got a tan wedge for the summer, hey they were on sale.  Now, if they only had my size in the color block blue shoe, it was so dreamy.
5	So sad they are closing all retail stores....everything is 50% off. No date just yet of there last day.
