4	the over all look of the store was bit desolate. they didn't have much stuff in there other than "water" pipes. the jewelry selection was non existent unless you are interested in a belly ring. hot topic has a far better selection. there were no tattoo artists there. i went in with my sister to get a industrial and she got a nose ring. i did want to talk to a tattooist for future work. the piercer was the highlight of the whole place. her name was Sara and she was great. we were in and out in a matter of a few min. she made you feel very relaxed and comfortable with the whole thing. i will say it hurt like hell but that's expected. i highly recommend Sara for your piercing needs.
4	Employee was very helpful and knew his product.
1	I went with a friend who was having some piercing work done.  The piercer was nice but the rude old women at the front desk was horrible.  We asked for her help but she just started complaining about how much work and cleaning she had to do.  Why would anyone hire someone so abrasive to work with customers?  I have lots of choices about where I go . . . never going back there to be treated rudely.  Plus their jewelry selection is pretty sad.
1	ugh words cannot describe how entirely irritating my visit to this location was.  Needless to say I wouldn't reccomend this place to people I don't like, let alone people I don't know.  Basically I had to take my industrial piercing out for a hair appointment and couldn't seem to get it back in.  I stopped by this place because it was right down the street to get it put back in.  The minute i walked into the shop I was rudely greeted by their staff.  I stated what I was there for and they explained to me that the piercer was out on her lunch and that I just missed her.  I said that it was fine that I would wait for her to come back and then proceeded to ask how long it would be and if they think that my piercing will be fine.  THe staff proceeded to tell me that i'm most likely going to have to get it repierced and told me how much it would cost and blah blah blah.  That i should know better than to take it out, and then the employee told me that she never takes hers out and shes had it for five years, because the last time she took it out she had to get it repierced.  at that point i left because i was soo annoyed, I went in there to get my jewelry put back in, not for a not so positive pep talk.  I drove the 20ish minutes to club tattoo where I got the peircing to begin with and within minutes of walking in i was seated in the back getting taken care of for no charge.  Best part about it, was that they didn't have to repierce it, so obviously the girl at diversity had no idea what she was talking about.. suprise suprise.
4	Very clean, professional place. Nick does amazing work!
1	The worst customer service. They don't warranty items they sale. Bought a $90 vaporizer, ego g5 on 6/29/13. It took a crap today, less than 60 days later...went down to ask about an exchange. Two young kids, smart as rocks. First says no problem on exchange, then realizes they don't have any (assuming cause they are garbage) starts playing around with it, and tells me too bad, after saying ok???? Then I complain he says, I can take ur name...ya....so then I say, "at least try and sell me a new one dipshit" to which I received blank stares...so I went up eastern to Rick's smoke shop, and bought a better vape, for 1/3 the cost! Sadly, I bought a pax for 300 from diversity as well before I found out what kind of business they do....be aware!
5	I LOVE THIS SHOP! This location is absolutely amazing! I Got my dermals done by Diversity a few months ago, and I have been a repeat customer ever since! The customer service is highly energetic and positive with Bubbly young women with the knowledge of their products. Nick and Jason are great with Dermals, and Sam was amazing with my Nose piercing! They were quick to do my piercings and I am recommending the shop to all my friends. All the stuff people complain about with the no returns or exchanges, or not doing warranty on their products... HONESTLY why do people even think they should get free stuff after 2months of Chronic usage?! Plus! if its a good vaporizer IT HAS a MANUFACTURER WARRANTY! DUH! the fact that some people have given this place a bad review is completely based upon greed and selfishness, and to call someone a bad name when they are trying to help is just plain bad Karma.... Anyways, this place is by Far ones of the best places to get Tattoos and Piercings! the Artist are very positive and personable and have an energy I have never seen at any other shop.
2	The customer serice wasn't too bad although nothing special.  I went in there to get a "cleansing shampoo" for a test I needed to take for my new job and they sold me on the most expensive one saying it was guaranteed to work.  I wasted $50 on it and unfortunately it did not work.  When I went into the store to try to get my money back they said "sorry bro it's not guaranteed."  Even though it was the same guy who told me they guaranteed it.  Don't waste your time or money here!!
5	This place is amazing! Great and knowledgable staff and the piecer(nick)was AMAZING! I was worried about re-piercing my nose because of scar tissue, I closed my eyes and the piercing was done in 2 seconds-no pain! I would highly recommend this place to anyone!
1	I originally went to have a piercing done, the service was ok, I went today to buy a different piece if jewelry no one would wait on me some were outside having a smoke and the others were to busy having a personal conversation, I finally left and will never return. I guess they are doing so well they don't need to wait on people.
1	Extremely disappointed! I came here 3 years ago and got my belly button pierced. No issues and they were super helpful. I went  to get my tongue re done (previously had it done from someone else) & the guy wasn't friendly, and he pierced through my vein!! My piercing was bleeding for 2 hours, so I had to take it out... I wasn't going to let it keep bleeding. I went the very next day to tell them what happened, and they tried to tell me it wasn't their fault I kept bleeding, and I wouldn't receive a refund! I DO NOT recommend this place if you want piercings! Anything else here, I'm unsure of.
1	The only nice person was the guy at the counter . Went with my sisters to get our noses pierced together . We were told the piercer "Nick" was next door & that they were calling him to come right over . We waited about 10 minutes. He walked in with his girl friend and walked right back to his room . We followed in , he said "how many piercings "? We said 3, he said ok go pay & come back . One of my sisters changed her mind right there because of his shitty attitude & vibe. We go back , he barely speaks to us, his rude girlfriend sits down & crosses her arms & watches. She NEVER says a word . Or flashes a smile or anything .He did piercings pretty quick , sent us on our way . He smelled of alcohol & was extremely unpleasant . Will never return again & definitely recommend going elsewhere. I tipped him 5 , although he deserved nothing . But that's just me.
4	Everyone keeps complaining about the piercer, nick, but technically he is doing his job! He just did my second ear piercing and he did great. He moved the placement by my request and he gave me a helpful opinion. His girlfriend was there but that's how it is, I didn't really care. She didn't really say anything until I said something to her which makes sense since she's just chilling there. It was 9 o'clock at night so it wasn't too busy, only as much as you would expect a Vegas tattoo shop to be. I'm glad I went there (better than going to Claire's like we all did at 7 years old). Long story short: it's very clean, the staff works with you, and you're in and out as quick as you can be.
5	I was alittle worried coming in here bc of all the bad reviews but i have nothing to complain about. I had my belly button pierced by Damien and he did a great job. He was clean and quick and then it was done.
5	Today I went to get two piercing on my upper ear and it was fantastic! Damien, aka Brown Bear, did both piercings and he was so nice even though I was super nervous and did such an amazing job and it hardly even hurt! I would recommend him to anyone.
1	No no NOOOOO! Glass and smoke products are way over priced for crap. Counter girls are extremely uneducated on anything piercing related. The counter girls are rude and bitchy, defiantly full of themselves because they work at "at tattoo shop" if you can even call it that. Cheap jewelry for cheap prices, good luck with that!
5	I had looked around at several different places and checked out the artists work. I wasn't even going to look at diversity as an option due to several bad reviews. However, I stumbled across Claudia's art, and was empressed! I made and appointment, and had the BEST experience. She listened and help me made my final decision with size and placement. During the tattoo, she was pleasant, kind, and it was like hanging out with an old friend. Everything was clean, sterile. I left her with my ideas for me next tattoo and before I left, she came up with an amazing idea I hadn't thought up! Can't wait to see what she comes up with! I highly recommend getting work done by her!  My cross is exactly what I wanted! Thank you for your amazing work and fun experience! See ya soon!
4	Diversity has been around forever and when my niece wanted to get her cartilage pierced I knew this would be the place to go. It was a Saturday night and it wasn't to busy when we arrived, but after it got quite hoppin' with other customers. My niece paid for her piercing and picked out her jewelry. There weren't many selections as far as jewelry went. So she chose a diamond stud. we were told that the piercer would be in shortly and to sit and wait. I was hoping this wouldn't turn in to a long wait and I was pleasantly surprised when Nick came over to get my niece started. She was super nervous, but Nick put her at ease. The room was super clean and everything appeared to be sterilized. Nick marked the spot on her ear and had her look in mirror. She loved the spot. So out came the needle! Then she squeezed my hand and it was all over! She had a beautiful new piercing. Nick was even nice enough to put my jewelry in my cartilage for me! For a small fee. It's been a year since my jewelry had fallen out, but he fixed me right up. Diversity has been around for as long as I can remember. The staff was super nice and reassuring in the whole process. They also have a great selection of "water pipes" and hookahs. I'll be coming back for sure when my niece wants her next piercing! Rock on Diversity!
