5	So very excited to have Oil and Vine at the District....Great selection of some amazing oils, spices, vinegars and soooo much more......if you love to cook and LOVE flavor, this is the place to go
5	Oil and Vine is AMAZING!!!  My best friend and I had a blast sampling all of the vinegar and oil flavors.  Absolutely delicious and decadent.  I bought quite a few of the flavors because I just couldn't decide on one.  The owner was super friendly and helpful.  It is a great store and you will LOVE the experience!
5	Really great flavored oils and vinegars, along with a thoughtful selection of complimentary foods and wine.  The store is set up for customers to taste the oils and vinegars and some of the spice rubs, sea salts, tapenades, chocolates, etc.  Great pastas including traditional, gluten-free and low carb.  They produce some great gift baskets and will do custom baskets as well.  Located in the District at Green Valley Ranch.
5	Whether you're a professional chef or just  a novice who likes to cook for fun, you will love this store! Owner Jennifer should be very proud!
5	This place rocks!  I've been in several times since they opened in June and I'm amazed at the variety of oils, vinegars, and everything that goes with them.  I really like the garlic infused olive oil and the cherry and pomegranate balsamic vinegars.  They also have a great boutique wine selection and unexpected treats such as organic peanut butter, big selection of spicy mason jar foods and some cool accessories.  This is a great addition to The District.
5	This place is a gem for the green valley area!!! I go every Thursday evening atleast just to stop and say hi. The owners are always welcoming and I absolutely love the oils and vinegars!!! I put them on everything salads, stir fries, or over fruit for dessert. I'm a healthy eater so this place is great to add flavor to otherwise boring vegetables and same old salads. But they also have a great specialty selection of wines and Thursday evenings they have been holding wine tasting while the district farmers market is open. I also got an amazing bruschetta mix. They always have fun hors d'oeuvre style treats. Everything from Spreads, teas, nuts, salts you name it! Really fun store to check out especially for gifts! Hope this store is around for long time!
5	The fact that offerings are limited means selection is expanded....so many different oils and vinegars. I also love that they come in a 100ml size (as well as larger bottles) so we can keep a variety on hand. I use fish sauce in many of my favorite Asian soups, so I'm hoping to find recipes for soups as well as salads to use both the vinegars and oils in. For sure it will be easier to come up with salad dressings that fit the veggies being used. Yum!
