3	Yeah, another Mexican restaurant. You won't find anything exciting here. But the food is solid, fresh and flavorful.
5	A+ in my opinion.  We just spend a week in Mexico (not our first time there...) and Cucos had better food than we found anywhere (Puerto Morelos/Playa del Carmen) south of the border.  The Cuco burrito is my fav and the margaritas are amazing.  We will continue to come back, the food is truly authentic.  This place beats other area Mexican chains BY FAR!  Keep it up!  Can't wait for the next time:D  My mouth waters every day when I drive past.
5	Most excellent
5	We went for lunch and it was great. The food was so good and the amount you got for the price was good. The server helped me decide what to get but I have a feeling anything on the menu would have tasted good. We will definitely be going back over and over. We have been wanting a small authentic Mexican restaurant close by and Cucos will be our new go to for a nice lunch or dinner.
4	Went here Saturday night for dinner.  The place looks great!  Tortilla chips & salsa hit our table the same time we did, and were both refilled.  Our waitress was a sweetie.  The food was really good!  Prices very reasonable, portions big.  We will be going back.
4	Not a bad place get a lot of Mexican food for your money. My one meal was enough food for lunch and dinner. Stick with chicken - I recommend either the grilled chicken tacos or the fajitas.
5	From the street, it may look modest, but go inside to eat and I think you will be pleasantly surprised. It has a great menu with lots of things I want to try. On our first visit there, we had the Burrito Cuco's which is very yummy. I had an excellent peach margarita (medium, which is pretty big).  Bring the kids. We brought our 3 and 6 year olds, and their kids menu extends beyond Mexican into standard U.S. kids-menu fare such as chicken nuggets and hot dogs. Excellent value and service over other places in town. We plan on going back again and again.
5	This place is great.  We were greeted and seated immediately. Chips and salsa arrived immediately after seating, along with a request for our drink orders.The food was delicious.My only complaint was the greasy smell on my clothes when I arrived home.  Apparently, the ventilation system could use a little improvement!
5	The food was tasty and the service was excellent - friendly and fast. The free salsa was good but very mild. Is you ask, they do have a spicier salsa. Portions (especially for kids menu items) were all much larger than we expected for the prices.
2	Taqueria Guadalajara it is not :(.But honestly, what would compare? Mexico City? I had 4 taquitos but couldn't polish them off... super oily and the meat had little flavor. Just found myself going through the motions (chewing) and finally gave up. Chips are good, salsa reminds me of some weird sort of mix of tomato sauce from a can with onions and garlic, and I'll give them points for the guac, that was fresh and had nice flavor. And the staff, the staff is incredible, which is why it's hard to write this and steer folks other places in town, but after subsequent trips, I think I'd be cuco to give them another try when Madison is home to Mex that's a bit better.
2	Food is average, not the best, not the worst.  Promptly seated, chips, salsa, drink order taken right away.Two different visits, two different servers, months agpart - both forgot to place 1 of the 2 orders that my party of 2 placed.  Not overly busy either time during lunch, so really no excuse for it.
3	Pretty good Mexican fare - not spectacular but standard. Staff were great, attentive and quantity was good for the price. Try the horchata.
5	This place is great and the pollo fundido was tasty and deep-fried perfection.  Our server, Diana, was friendly and very accommodating.  For example, we asked for spicier salsa and she whipped something right up.  The frozen margaritas really hit the spot and after one 12-oz glass I was ready for a nap.  I live in west Madison now, but the drive is worth it.  Hands down the BEST Mexican place in Madison (and coming from Texas, I can tell a great Mex place when I see one).
1	Tried again today since it's close to work...won't return.  Female wait staff was unfriendly and again on a party of two, one order came out wrong.  Lunch chicken fajitas barely had any chicken, but had an over-abundance of peppers...thinking they should rename that menu item.  Neither waitress came back to check how our food was or offer drink refill.  We had to go to the counter to get our bill - we paid and left, we do not tip for bad service......and we will NOT be returning.  It's no wonder they are never very busy in a spot that should be getting a lot of business considering they are off of Hwy 51 with Dean Health Care and Boumatic right across the street.
5	We have been here twice and enjoyed it each time. We were a little nervous because of the earlier reviews that weren't stellar, but it sure seems like a different place from the year-old reviews. The chips are toasty warm with good salsa. The margaritas are ok. The food has been quite good. We had some of the special dishes - left overs, even though we tried our hardest to eat everything up.Give this place a try - you might like it as much as we do.Plus, they have the soccer games on their big TV screens!
3	To start, the server was less than energetic. The salsa was very plain. The chips?  where not so good and very skimpy for a family of 4.  We had to ask for more 3 times, each time it came back half full.  The beer was about 55 degrees.  I had the Cuco's burrito, very average tex-mex, better than Taco J's or the bell.  I should give them 2 stars but I'm giving them the benefit of being an "off" night for them.
5	I have enjoyed going to Cuco's every time I've been here. They waitress is always personable and smiling. The food is very fast, I usually have a basket of warm chips within a minute or two of sitting down. The food is always good. I've never had a bad experience. That is what usually taints an experience for me so I never want to go back, like Habanero's right down the street. But that has never happened with Cuco's Mexican. It tasted authentic and good.
2	The staples of a good Mexican meal are simple good chips, flavorful salsa, beans and rice. Although they have nice crunchy chips the other three pillars are missing the mark.   The meats have one flavor- salt... Oh and dry. They were out of guac on a Saturday during lunch... That's just wrong!  The staff however is delightfully charming but not enough to make up for a lack of guacamole!  Location is convenient but the food is not enough to bring me back for more. I'm more of an authentic Mexican food lover than what Cucos has to offer. If you like bland and salty this is the joint for you.
2	We have been here a total of about 4-5 times and its went from OK to not so good. Just had cold hard shell tacos with an "off" taste, chips that were thick with salsa that tasted from Sam's Club. blah. tamales were OK. Habaneros is MUCH better.
4	My Mom and I dined here  for lunch one Sunday.  It wasn't very busy. Staff there were SUPER nice.  I was looking for a lunch menu, and slightly bummed that they only have their regular/dinner menu so it was a little pricey for lunch.  I had their Fajita Quesadilla and LOVED it. The veggies inside were cooked perfectly, the steak was nice and tender, the best part? It was loaded with cheese! (yep, I'm a Wisconsinite)  Sadly I didn't really care for the refried beans they didn't have much flavor and almost tasted watery, and the Rice was just OK. I would go back for the Fajita Quesadilla though!  I didn't have one of their Margaritas, but saw that they have them very cheap during the week at Happy Hour.
4	This is one of our favorite Mexican restaurants on the east side. The food is good but more Tex-Mex than authentic Mexican (but still good!).   The portions are big, we always have leftovers.   We've come here several times for lunch and dinner.  My husband gets a burrito pretty much every time we go. Usually I get something with shrimp and all of the dishes have been great!  Arroz con camarones is my fave. Fajitas are yummy and you'll have leftovers for days! Chips and salsa are average and seem to be different each time we go there.  Service has always been great! And you can't beat the $1 margaritas on Saturdays!
