1	Hello,I'm quite upset about Sophia's Therapeutic Massage. Having a horrible back and poor insurance, I'll treat myself to a massage here and there via Groupon. I finally scheduled an appointment for yesterday morning. Working in a hospital though, I was mandated to work a 12 hour night shift, leaving me with just hours to sleep before my appointment. I tried to stay awake (also having a vet appointment later in the day), but my body was overwhelmed from exhaustion and I fell asleep.I woke up an hour and a half after my appointment was supposed to happen, and spastically called them. I apologized up and down, and explained what happened. The man was the same asshole I talked to the day I scheduled the appointment. Mind you, when I was called he had a rather extremely condescending tone to his voice, and was quite rude. This haughty man was the same person to answer this call, and after I asked if I was able to reschedule, there was awkward silence. Then, in his rude tone didn't even ask who I was or anything. All he said was "Umm no you cannot reschedule. The lady who comes here to do massages lives far away". THAT WAS IT. 1) It it quite unprofessional to not even so much as ask who he was speaking to. 2) Not only was he extremely rude and condescending, but had barely any response to my problem.3) What kind of establishment only has masseuses that are "from far away"?! I mean what?! I didn't want anything special. I just scheduled a normal standard massage. Oh, because there isn't anyone else that works there? The hell kind of place are they running?4) I happen to know that even if groupon expires, the money you paid still is good for that particular establishment. I would assume this would apply to this same situation. Although I could see a charge due to having to reschedule (this seems standard at other places)... but I don't understand why on earth I wouldn't be able to schedule a different appointment seeing as my groupon is NOT expired and therefore still good. Miss my appointment, lose a credit that I spent my hard earned money on? That is bullshit right there. 5) While I find it to be unacceptable that I am "unable to reschedule", what about the money I paid? Even if what I mentioned earlier is true, and I have money credit to this establishment for a full priced massage, I wouldn't dare want to go to such an unprofessional place. I am livid.Seriously fuck this place.
5	I have been a client at Sofia's Therapeutic Massage for 5 years and I can't say enough good things about the massages I've had there.  Ismail is a very professional therapist who knows just the right places to work on to relief my tired, sore muscles.  I've enjoyed the deep tissue and hot stone massages and was totally happy and relaxed when I left.Give them a try and send your family and friends - you'll be very glad you did!Lisa O
5	Like Macy M. I had tried numerous massage therapists before discovering and staying with Ismail, for over two years now.  He has helped me to heal injuries and prevent new ones with his therapeutic massages that target my vulnerable and sore areas.   He has the skills and knowledge to combine techniques to suit each client's needs which is invaluable and very beneficial for his clients. Ismail is extremely professional, respectful and reliable.  I have family who make sue they can schedule massages with him when they are here from a neighboring State.  They haven't found anyone as skilled  near their home and tell me the effects of his massages last a month.  I now see Ismail on a regular schedule and consider it a vital part of my self care and injury prevention.  Highly, highly recommended!
5	I've been going to Ismail for about 2 years now and have always had a pleasant experience. I like that he really can feel out my tense spots and work them. He knows/remembers my problem areas. He doesn't rush me, I actually get a 60 minute massage...which wasn't the case at the other massage places I have used around town. I know that Ismail has extended his schedule for me which is greatly appreciated. I wouldn't go anywhere else for massages.
