4	This is probably the best addition to the little Italy restaurant scene in the last year. Italian concept but its not a meatball and pasta type place. The black and white cavatelli and amazing! Music is great too!
4	had brunch here today.... excellent!  My daughter had the meetballs and enjoyed them very much...  10 on a scale of 10 she says...   my wife had the french toast with caralemized apples... and I had the fritatta!   All were excellent.     Best of all was the atmoshphere and the service... bright open dining room and friendly staff and owners!   Really enjoyed the experience!
5	oh my goodness. this restaurant is my new favorite. seriously deserving of 5 stars. I had brunch here and had the french toast. delicious! My husband had the pulled pork and it was amazing. I can't recommend this place enough. not many choices, but that is usually a good sign of well thought out and delicious plates. This was very true for this restaurant. Each plate was made with care and thought. perfection! even their coffee was delicious!The service was incredible, smiling waiters and waitresses, always there, we never had to flag anyone down. GO HERE.
5	Absolutely loved it! Had the black and white cavateli and the meatball, both were perfection! Service was great, was a busy night, hostess was really nice and tried her best. One of my new favorite places
5	While walking around Little Italy, you notice a lot of the same things.  Outdoor patios, Italian vegetables being used as restaurant names, pizza here, pizza there, an so-on.  So it was an absolute surprise to both of us to find a restaurant such as Brama laying on the edge of L.I. but we couldn't be happier that we did.  The decor was modern industrial:  brick walls, light bulb fixtures, wooden tables.  And it all added to the experience.-We ordered a bottle of white wine that was recommended by the floor manager that evening and began drooling over the menu.  It's a double edged sword when you want everything on the menu, because you know that you can never lose, but at the same time you always think that you missed out on a great dish.-We started off with the Beef Tartare with capers and truffle oil and the Deep fried mozzarella sandwich with a verde sauce and shaved carrots.  The tartare was a great portion and probably the most flavorful that I have ever had.  We licked the plate.  The mozzarella was good, but I feel that it could have been better.  Having this be the low point of the meal is a VERY good sign, because this dish was still better than most appetizers I've had around Boston.  Also, the table bread was just right and the olive oil was delicious.  A nice green hue only meant the freshest quality.-For entrees, the wife got the Matriciana and I got the Cabonara.  I don't know if this is going to turn heads or not, but the spaghetti here was the best that we have ever had.  The texture and way that it was cooked was perfection.  Mixing the 63 degree egg with the pasta was just an awesome touch, and something that I see picking up in "hipster" restaurants.  Once again, we licked our plates clean and debated on getting more to take home with us (really should have).- Lastly for dessert, we opted for the panna cotta without even looking at the menu.  In a place where everything is made on site, you HAVE TO get panna cotta.  No brainer.  This particular one came in a nice glass with apricot puree on top.  So sweet and decadent, no better way to top off such an amazing meal.  Also, the macchiato and limoncello was spot on.This isn't a place where you look to pig out at, but this is definitely a place where you take close friends and family and show them the best food in the area.  If we return to Montreal, we are definitely coming here and bringing others.
5	Amazing spaghetti! Wonderful staff. Everyone working here was unbelievably friendly and helpful. Seriously, best staff we have seen in a restaurant in years.
5	Went here tonight -- it was the first place I found that had all good reviews -- definitely deserved them. The atmosphere tonight had a nice, bustling energy with soft, warm lights -- very welcoming. Menu quoted Thomas Keller, good sign. We had a super nice server who was helpful and cheery and kept our water filled, took our orders and delivered on them in good time. I started with the half dozen oysters and then had the squid cavatelli -- superb. Oysters were just what I wanted, nothing particular. But the squid cavatelli -- I wish I came up with this dish myself -- so comforting, it was a golden meld of basil, tomato, and spinach with this lovely chili oil on the side. The pasta was perfect to go with the squid. BF started with the buffalo salad, very good. His chicken meatballs were so flavorful and it came with this really nice mustard seed yogurt that I used on my cavatelli. He also got the veal meatballs -- we both enjoyed this dish -- soft and so tasty cooked in a great marinara you can sop up in their bread. I ended my meal with a perfect decaf cappuccino. All we were looking for in dinner was a place that served solid good food and was unpretentious about it. Brama was it.
5	I've eaten at Brama before and my experience was so memorable that when my birthday rolled around recently, I decided to invite one dozen friends to celebrate with me.Whatever catastrophe can happen with groups, did not happen here. From the moment my guests walked in (2 by 2), the bartender greeted them warmly and served drinks. Additionally our waitress was great - she served with a smile throughout the night. The food was what I had remembered - really impeccable and created with such skill. Everything on the menu is good. My group really enjoyed their dishes and the ambiance (lively without the overkill of music - we could hear each other talk). To top off another wonderful culinary experience, the owner of the restaurant always took the time to come by and see if everything was to our liking.Thanks again Brama - you are great with groups too!!Visited January 2014
5	This restaurant is a such a gem.  I would travel back up to Montreal from New Jersey just for Brama!  The food was excellent.  The meatball appetizer was very tasty and the Bolognese was to die for.  The service was top notch!  The owner and chef came to speak to us and made certain that our needs were met.  It was my actual birthday so they surprised me with a lovely dessert.  The wine was also delicious!  Our waitress was a doll as well.  They made my birthday so special and if your are in petite Italy, please be sure to stop in!  It is well worth it!  Thank you for a wonderful experience!
5	Don't ask any questions. You want a good place to eat? Go to Brama. Just go- stop reading reviews, get in your car, and go.This truly is a gem. The food is delicious, high quality, rich and creative without being snobby. Your tastebuds will be dancing. The atmosphere is trendy but sophisticated. The waiters are pros and do an excellent job.In case you missed it, I highly recommend a trip to Little Italy to try Brama.
5	Stellar spot for a nice, special dinner. No hoodies if you get my drift yet no bowties either. Casual elegance. The staff was friendly, attentive & kept the right amount of distance. So what did we eat? Simple spaghetti with tomato, basil and fresh ricotta. Market fish (salmon) sitting on an orzo-like grain with olives and tomato.Cannoli to finish. The chef served us two to try, one vanilla and one chocolate. He wanted our opinion on which was tastier. We were more than willing to be the guinea pigs. A sweet surprise.
