4	Relax everybody. Its not an actual factory. It's equivalent to the M and M's store across the street. Located inside the New York New York Casino towards the strip, it is two floors of all things Hershey.Things like Twizzlers, Reese's Pieces, Jolly Ranchers, and of course, Kisses just to name a few. If you ask me, the first floor has all the good stuff. In a glass case they have a bunch of different pastries and goodies like chocolate covered rice krispies treats on a stick.Of course I cant forget to mention that as soon as you enter on the first floor, they give you free chocolate samples ranging from Kisses and Mini Reese's Peanut Butter Cups, to Mini Hershey Dark Chocolate squares.From my first initial visit, this was only the soft opening. The grand opening is on Tuesday, June 3rd 2014. I asked the lady at the register if there were gonna be any grand opening specials. She said she didnt know. That was kind of lame. No buy one, get one or free grab bags with purchase. Nothing.So in closing, I recommend you start off on the first floor, get your free sample, and then go straight to the goodies case. Then, if you get bored or are into Jolly Ranchers, go to the second floor. Oh, and if you are into any kind of bling, they have that every where in the form of pillows and shirts. Lastly, remember you're on the strip so dont be shocked if everything seems overpriced.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #136 "Chocolate Paradise"
2	Was in town on the grand opening with my 10 year old daughter, and even she thought it was lame. Very disappointing in comparison to Hershey's in PA, I expected a much bigger, more interactive experience. This is just another ho-hum retail store on the strip.
4	This place was AWESOME! But with that being said it's basically just a giant two story Hershey's gift shop. However I am not complaining at all and I think it puts all four levels of M&M's World to shame! They have a fun stuff for everyone and you get free samples just for walking in the door! The bakery items are delish! Although they are not made in the store, all the ones we got were sooo good! My favorite was the peanut butter cookie sandwich. I was also excited to see Mauna Loa Kisses, which you can only find in Hawaii and at their store. So of course those came home with us, along with the one pound PB cups and some adorable coffee mugs. As for the price, it wasn't too bad. I really didn't feel that it was all that outrageous considering that it is the Hershey Store on the Las Vegas strip and you are paying for the brand. Certainly something to check out if you are at NYNY!
3	My son grabbed all the flyers in the hotel lobby that sparked his interest, Hershey's Chocolate World was one of them.I had never been, M&M's is played out and grossly overpriced, so to get him to stroll through a few casinos without whining too much, I promised him a trip here before heading back the room.2 floors so not quite as big as M&M World, the same idea though.Overpriced souveniers, but they did have an amazing bakery section with huge oversized, sugarladen treats that were just too tasty to pass up!Service was very nice, not too full, worth a stop if you have children or a sweet tooth!
4	It's located at NY NY Casino on first floor near the escalators. The store is 2 level store with elevator and stairs.  The 2nd floor has reeces cups theme with reeces cup ceiling lights.  Lots of cute stuff on 2nd floor.  The 1st floor has a wall of Hershey candy to purchase by pound similar to MMS. They also have tshirts, cups, glasses, etc and lady of liberty made of chocolate.  You can purchase cupcakes, fudge to eat.  The staff are nice and helpful.
4	Easy to find inside NYNY. The store is 2 stories.  Not quiet as big as the M&M Store across the street but they had cool stuff and they had, of course, chocolate.    The store has a little baked goods area with huge cupcakes, chocolate covered strawberries, all kinds of fudge, peanut brittle, Carmel/chocolate apples & chocolate covered popcorn.  We bought the caramel/chocolate apple for $7, a huge chocolate cookie sandwich w/peanut butter filling for $5.50, a small pack of chocolate covered twizzlers for $2.50 and 2 candy bars for $3.50 each. The prices, we thought, weren't bad at all.  Of course they have different sized candy bars...my kids wanted the mega peanut butter cups and the mega Hershey bar.   I will go back just for the baked goods.  Glad I'm a local.
2	Fairly disappointing.The bakery counter is definitely the high point (or the "sweet spot"), with a whole lot to choose from.  But what I chose, while it looked like heaven in a little box, was bland and not worth the calories.The rest of the store is a whole lot of very ordinary Hershey's products, as well as expensive "merchandise" that can pass as souvenirs but are really nothing special.  As for the candy itself, which I'd imagine would be a strong selling point at a store entirely focused on the Hershey's Chocolate brand: If you enjoy Hershey bars, kisses, nuggets, etc., but you just feel that your local grocery store or 7-11 doesn't charge you enough for these products, hurry on out to the New York, New York casino and check out Chocolate World.  You won't be disappointed, as you'll certainly pay at least twice as much for everything you see.
3	This place is absolutely awesome. Chocolate everywhere! Everything from Hershey's, Reese's, Twizzlers, and Jolly Ranchers. A Hershey chocolate lovers dream place. They have a wall dispenser for Hershey Kisses and Jolly Ranchers. A station to customize Hershey bar wrapping. They have a section to buy baked goods. Even a couple statutes made of chocolate. With all the great things I am saying, why would I only rate this with 3 stars? It's kinda sad that 3 of the 5 dispenser of jolly ranchers upstairs are not working. And the picture sharing station is not working as well. I felt like I saw more signs saying that the machine is broken than I did seeing things that were working. Additionally, I lady working the area with all the baked goods was rude. I stood there for a few minutes waiting to be helped. I cashier was able to help me. But this other lady was being rude having attitude that she needed help because there were too many customers that needed help. I understand that you need help because you are swamped but you don't need to make a scene in front of customers. There is s better way of approaching that situation.
4	Sure it's a giant Hershey's store...but there's a lot of interesting things in the store that you don't see in regular stores that sell Hershey's products.The setup is similar...VERY similar to the M&M's store across the street (brah, you have a competitor now!), except this store features a bakery and a photo booth instead of a movie screening and...I guess statues where you can take photos with.Everything in this store is chocolate related, not surprisingly. They even have a Hershey's statue of the Empire State Building and the Statue of Liberty, which is quite chocolate-ly delicious.Even if you're not planning to buy something in this store, do at least pay a visit here just because it's something Vegas has (many people visit the M&M store across the street for the hell of it, why not here?).
4	Located at the New York, New York Hotel & Casino. It's a two level place access outside along Las Vegas Blvd. or from inside the Casino. They have hershey products along with Reese's and upstairs there are more Reese's stuff and they also have a section for Jolly Rancher, Twizzlers and Bubble Yum. Overall a cool place doesn't  top the M&M's store across the way by the MGM but if you need your chocolate fixing then here you go. They also have make your own Hersheys wrapper which was cool. Def a place to check out if you visit this Casino/Hotel.
2	Meh. A ton of overpriced Hershey souvenirs set amongst a variety of Hershey candy comparable to a grocery store. They do have huge sculptures of the Empire State Building and the Statue of Liberty made out of chocolate, which are kinda cool, but other than that, nothing. No interesting facts or history about Hershey. One bonus is the bakery section. Well, they're not actually making anything, so it's not a bakery, but a sweets shop I guess. Whatever it is, it has some pretty good stuff. We sampled the cookie and buttercream sandwich and the s'more. Both were really good, even at $5+. The coke world has this upstairs bar where you can sample different cokes from all over the world, which is super cool. Hershey world, if you're reading this, how about adding something like that???
4	It has finally opened!! It is on Two levels at the New York Casino. They have candies and apparel etc with Hershey, Reese, Kisses, Twizzlers, Jolly Ranchers etc. Best of all they have an area with baked goodies. They have Cookies, Brownies, Fudge, Pretzels dipped etc. We went on a Monday and it was very busy inside. The staff was very friendly. They are opened Mon-Sun 9am to 11PM.
3	I was hoping this place would be more like an interactive museum, but it's not. It's just a two story shop with every Hershey and Hershey-related product you could imagine. If you're looking for a photo op, you'll find a Statue of Liberty on the first floor and the Empire State Building on the second made out of chocolate and a store exterior that clearly takes its cue from Times Square. There are plenty of products to satisfy any sweet tooth with the highlight being a large display of baked goods including pastries, cupcakes, brownies, cookies, fudge, and brownie and cookie sandwiches. Kids (or anyone chocoholic) will get a kick out of looking around, but there isn't enough to keep your attention for more than half an hour.
4	It's Hersheys!!! Need I say more? It's everything you can imagine either covered in chocolate, dipped in chocolate, made with chocolate or has chocolate on it. There are large statues made of chocolate and 2 floors to explore though at the top of the elevator there isn't much to see until you walk further into the store. They didn't have a lot of shirts in larger sizes  though with them being new they could of just been sold out. Stop by the fudge counter on the lower level for the world's smallest sample of fudge, for some reason my sample guy would pinch off a piece and roll it into a ball, maybe that's policy but seemed odd to me. Enjoy!
4	Newly opened not too long ago and it's definitely a good addition to pair with M&Ms and Coca-Cola's stores. I like the decor and how they have two floors for all their goodies. They didnt sell anything special that I had to buy, but I did anyways because their small bags were adorable hah. A nice place to stop by when youre on the strip!
3	I was envisioning an M&M World type place, but the Hershey store just doesn't quite measure up. There's no free 3D movie or anything. There's fewer floors. And I didn't really see anything unique. I was expecting to find some magical Hershey kiss I'd never heard of or something (like the raspberry M&Ms). I was hoping for some free samples. So yeah, it was kind of a letdown.That said, however, the giant Statue of Liberty and Empire State Building made out of chocolate are neat to see. And there are all kinds of gifts for purchase, like the world's largest Hershey kiss. And the best part, the food counter where you can purchase crazy brownie, cookie, etc. concoctions that are all kinds of chocolate goodness. So it's worth it if you're a chocolate fan or in the area. But it's really just a big gift shop.
5	I went there about two weeks ago.  It is perfect place for family with kids, similar to the M&M strore next door.  Bakery items looked delicious (didn't get a chance to taste them).  You can even design your hershey bar with your own picture printed on the chocolate cover.
5	One of the things on my to do list on my last Vegas trip was to visit Hershey World. Since there is so much to do in Vegas, we ended up going here on our way home. It was my mistake because I really wanted to spend as much time in here as possible. My son brought me here, he was in a hurry so my visit was brief, it was not how I planned it. First off, this place is huge and we'll stocked. I was in heaven! A buffet of chocolate, this is where sweet tooth like me unite.I bought a Hershey mug with sweets inside, it was 13 dollars, a candy apple, Hershey red vines covered in chocolate, a Keychain and a few other small items.I was in here a total of 15 minutes before I noticed my son calling me that it was time to go, we were heading to steak n shake and he was hungry!I was rushed to pay, I didn't get to visit the upstairs section so I was kind of bummed. At least I got to experience it, I was happy.There is something for everyone here. Sweets galore everyone is smiling. Cashier was friendly and packed my items nicely in a pretty blue gift bag.I recommend this place...clean and well managed. It is inside New York New York facing the strip.An updated review coming soon as I will be back again in August.
1	Not worth the time. Most of the dispensers were empty. Giving sample of fudge that were so small you had a hard time finding it. When I commented. To the lady she said they didn't want to use to much.This is an M&M  world want to be but does not measure up.
5	WHO DOESNT LOVE CHOCOLATE!!!!! Now i dont understand the ppl that had arms full if Hershey bars Reeses, Twizzlers and all the other Hersheys candies that you can get anywhere, go figure. They also have plenty of Hershey souvenirs. BUT O MY GOODNESS THEIR BAKERY IS BEYOND BELIEF. We had the smores, softest graham cracker giant marshmallow & that Hersheys chocolate, and cookie sandwich, 2 giant chocolate chunk cookies with buttercreme frosting in the middle. Both desserts were frickin ridiculous. I didnt get a chance to take pix we ate them so fast  but i did take pix of the bag LOL. Will take some pix on next trip, we will be going back
4	This is chocolate heaven. But very pricey. There are two floors of Hershey chocolate.
3	I thought there would be more then what was here. I mean their options of white chocolate was very low. Their level of service was more like employees standing around staring at you from head to toe vs giving you an experience. I think it's still in the works or atleast I hope they are cause the place doesn't look or feel complete. We bought some deserts for the kids to enjoy and it wasn't what we expected. I'm a chocolate lover and I just feel that maybe I expected more then what we got. The kids did enjoy seeing all their chocolate options and the fun sizes they came in so it was still a fun place to stop by. I just feel like it could have more.
2	Bad experiance. The chocolate was way way way over priced (8.98 for a pound of hershys kisses) a few other souvinears 20$ or more. The environment wasn't that great either. A lot of people in a small area. Mainly the first floor is hershys the second floor is a mix of Twizzlers and Jolly Ranchers. What?! I thought I was at Hershy's world. When I called to complain about it on the phone, the lady I talked to was not helpful. She said I'm sorry that you had a bad experiance and I hope you come back. Well if I am calling to complain, then I probably don't want to come back. She couldv'e at least wrote my complaint down to send to a supervisor or something like that but just to say I hope you come back soon. Really. No.  I was really dissapointed in the place all over. I was so excited to have a hershys world here in Vegas but when we got there it was a total let down.  Come here if you want over priced candy in a crowded small building
4	Food was fun, like the giant candy bars.  Some of the merchandise was really cool.  I was there with my three kids but I saw a couple of shirts I was tempted by for myself.  In the end we didn't actually buy anything from the store.  We preferred the M&M store across the street.  But this was definitely a cool place to visit and they have lots of great merchandise.
4	This place is awesome.  So nice to have options for us locals. For years we had to settle for just m&m and coke, now we got my fav reeses. Couple suggestions, samples and add more dark chocolate.
5	OMG ... This was all delish. We got crazy looking and choosing from the variety of chocolates they had here. Service was friendly.
1	Somewhat enjoyable. Employees are somewhat nice. Fudge that was $6.50 per 1/4 pound. Some how we were charged $29 for a half pound of rocky road fudge. Then we had to take it off which made my girlfriend sad. Then afterwards we did the math and it wasn't right. Luz (cashier) needs to get her shit together.
1	Overpriced, overcrowded, and over-hyped.  $2.25 for a king-sized candy bar??  Me thinks not.  I don't understand all the five star reviews.
1	Unless you are a hard core Hershey's fan then this store is just like the Coke store or the M&M store over priced and over rated. Not that much to it. Just a place full of all things Hershey's it would be cooler if it had a Hershey's waterfall or something over the top. I rather go to walgreens and get everything I can get here for more then half the price. Unless you got money to burn then don't bother $10 dollars cupcakes and expensive Hershey's clothing that I don't care to wear unless I worked there and had too. Who in the world would wear Hershey's clothing anyway... "Weird!" The cases full of goodies are tempting but not for that price. It you are a due hard fan then check it out if not don't bother!
4	Bakery items are a must. I also love the dispensing kisses!!Definitely stop by if you're a hershey's lover! They also have a lot of reeses pieces stuff! It's a super cute store. Not as big as I thought it was going to be, but definitely an awesome attraction for tourists! My boyfriend and I had a lot of fun here!
2	This is really just a glamorized retail shop. Granted they do have three cool statues made of chocolate--a Statue of Liberty, an Eiffel Tower and the Chrysler Building. Otherwise the store is just filled with random, everyday things you can get at any Target or mall stores. We literally walked through with our kids, took a few pictures and went on to other things.
4	Grabbed a drink outside the store at the 'chocolate bar'.  My wife got a reeses martini and I got a chocolate beer from England. Very tasty and she loved hers.
1	For weeks I have been looking forward to biting into one of your delicious looking cupcakes. When I finally got to have one tonight, I was severely disappointed. When I bit into you vanilla sprinkle cupcake, My tongue was met with hard, stale, tasteless cupcake. The only salvageable part of this was the whip cream frosting, though that was stiff itself. I would highly suggest you consider the freshness of your product.
3	No KitKat merch. :(This place is 2 floors of the reason for insulin.Super clean and friendly staff, this store isn't really the place one would buy candy bars unless you were looking for the novelty/personalized type. All the candy prices were higher than what you can find on the outside (obviously).What struck me as odd was that the store piped in that fake chocolate smell. It wasn't a bad smell, but it wasn't a chocolate smell that I associated with the Hershey's brand - more like the chocolate smell of those scratch & sniff stickers from your childhood.Yet again, one of those places where you can go to once and be cool with never going back to again.
5	What more could you really need in a store? Chocolate everywhere in all shapes and sizes and also bakery items! If you love chocolate or sweets in general this place is a must see. We purchased a treat from the freshly made baked items which was delicious. Also purchased a bag of macadamia nut kisses that are sold in Hawaii.
3	This is a cool place to visit while in Vegas. I love chocolate and they have lots of it. You can find unique things in this pricey 2 story store. They sell everything from apparel to bake goods and your greeted with free samples. I enjoyed my visit
5	First off, I gotta say that this place is not pricey like Sugar Factory thats all over town. This place has decent prices.They have a mascot dressed as a Hershey bar in the store too! Fun!I'm very pleased to say that they have sugar free candy too! I made sure I bought a bag of sugar free candy for my dad during my first visit here.You know how candy stores have those machines where you can pull down the trigger & the candy comes out? Well, I love the fact that they have it for hershey kisses. All different flavors too!I love the outside of this store!I think that each time I go to Vegas, I will make one trip here. Again, glad I don't have to go to Sugar Factory now. :P
5	This Hersey's world are Hersheys chocolate store just opened in New York New York they have all kinds of candies ones that are not on the market yet and lots of pastry yummy treats, if you love chocolate you were smell it the minute you step 1 foot in the door so much to see I'm in Vegas about 6 to 8 times a year and been waiting and watching for the store they open I finally got a chance to go in there if you love chocolate this is the place for you,There is a Hershey bar character walking around and also a Hershey's kiss they hand out samples throughout the store stuff you not even find it in the stores yet so much to see close pillows novelty items anything to do with her she's it's their staff is very friendly and helpful check it out when you're in Las Vegas in New York New York casino,If you do decide to go and check it out be careful you don't want to spoil dinner because you definitely will be eating chocolate.
4	Great addition to NYNY. Highlights: -Customizable Hershey bars. You can add your own text and pictures from your phone to the wrapper. Great for gifts to bring back home to friends/family -Bulk Kiss wall. Unique flavors you don't normally see like Cherry and Mint Truffle, yum!-Unique bakery. Monstercookies, oversized cookies, cupcakes with 3 inches of frosting, truffles in every flavor, rich fudges,  etc. Is there such thing as too much sugar? It all looks nice, yet I'm worried it would give me a stomach ache and soft teeth.
4	Lots of different Hershey stuff to choose from but what makes this place better than M&M world is that they have fresh baked goods in a window to choose from! I went bezerk and got the following - Reeses Pieces cookie $4 - ok texture very big GIANT smores $4 - the best choice by far ! It had a fresh almost cake like graham, chocolate and a HUGE marshmallow.Brownie looking thing $5 - It was a little dry and the whipped cream in between to brownie cakes was over the top. Also as an FYI this place and Hawaii is the only place you can get Macadamia nut Kisses. $6 for a small bag but definitley worth it ! Customer service was much better than expected, the cashiers were friendly and offered me an extra bag since it was raining outside. Very nice !
3	Wow.  Chocolate heaven. Mix and match all kinds of candy, like kisses.  Bakery area with everything chocolate. Fun for the kids, too, with characters and photo areas.  Best is the personalized giant Hershey bars.  Just $10.......I have to amend this review.  Went back later in the day to get another custom giant bar. ( great gift idea) and they were out of the milk chocolate bars.  WTF?  You are the HERSHEY store!  How can you be out of your milk chocolate bars?  Poor management.  Plus the sales woman in that area at the time was kind of snotty about it.  I dropped by ranking down to 3 stars.
4	Torn between M and M world across the street now. Place to be to get your candy.Awesome place to kill time with the kids.  Baked goods is cheap and sweet. Humongous also.  Just beware of sugar overload!!!Chocolate chip cookie with peanut butter is recommended if you can handle it.
3	Walking through the NY NY casino last night on my way to the MGM Grand, I noticed Hershey's Chocolate World and I knew it had opened from news reports here.  On my way back from dinner, I knew I'd have to check it out.I entered the store on the second floor from the pedestrian bridge across Las Vegas Boulevard.  Everything on the second floor is Reese's or Jolly Rancher--clothes, candy, souvenirs--you name it, they'll have something.I took the stairs to the first floor and saw more things for sale, mostly to do with Hershey Kisses.  There's one area where you can choose your own flavor(s) of Kisses in as much as you want plastic bag.  I also looked at the baked goods in the case.  They were very tempting until I saw the price.  A white chocolate, raspberry scone sounds good but seeing the price of all scones at $6, I decided to pass.  This is really what you call Strip pricing!The highlight for me was seeing the Statue of Liberty made out of Hershey's chocolate.This is an interesting place with a lot of things to buy all Hershey related.  For tourists, it might be a place to get something as a souvenir.  For a local, if I'm going to buy Hershey's candy, I'll buy it in my local grocery store and pay 1/2 what I would here.It was a bit of a nostalgia stop for me.  I spent many hours as a youngster at Hershey Park in Hershey, PA so it's a name I've known for many years.  Now, if they could only replicate the smell of chocolate in the store like you get in Hershey, PA, that would be a coup!
4	Ok if you like Hershey's chocolate, reeses peanut butter & other assorted candy goodness, this is a place you should pop into whilst on the strip at New York New York Casino. Lots of candy brand merchandise available & spread out over two levels. Tshirts, mugs, key rings, soft toys etc available. They even have a giant Statue of Liberty made from Hershey's chocolate in the foyer of the first level.Candy Prices are a bit more than what you would pay elsewhere. The Chocolate chip & peanut butter cookie sandwich is amazing but could really be shared between 3 people due to its size & sweetness.
1	The worst $4.00 cupcake I have ever had. I was so disappointed. I will never step foot in the store again. 2 cupcakes both of them where stale they where crunchy and the buttercream was horrible and had to be bit into and chewed. Couldn't finish either of them.
4	I guess this place is 4 stars, although I have nothing really to compare it to.  It's two levels of Herseys products/foods everywhere!  Herseys Herseys Herseys until your head explodes.  We ended up purchasing some pastries (just OK) and some cool magnets.  Light and bright and just off the NYNY casino floor.  We walked from Bellagio, so it's just down the way, not too far.  You can access from The Strip, without entering casino.  Staff was very friendly, but the place was very busy when we were there around 1pm, so it service can be slow.
5	Maybe I'm just easily impressed, but I thought this place was great when I visited. If anyone is a fan of candy, it's me, and I ran through this store like a fat kid on a raging sugar high (while being courteous to other customers of course). It's only two floors, but there's so much candy and merchandise. Everything looks so good I'm pretty sure I almost ate a sweater.Along with the classic Hershey Kiss's, which by the way they have an entire wall of different kinds, they also have a very orange Reese's section and a few other candies available for sale. I hope they expand this place and add some cool Twizzlers section and we can swing from giant licorice ropes. (OK that's probably unlikely)My favorite part was the chocolate bar that's located right outside the entrance. There's not too much to choose from on the menu, but the chocolate martini's have their own Hershey's kick to them and you'll be wondering why you don't drink one every day of your life. Or maybe that's just me.There's also a sweet setup of a bakery in the middle, they sell HUGE portions of candy bars, candy apples, cakes, and all the other goodies that will give you diabetes. A definite recommend while in Vegas visiting or you need some chocolate after a bad breakup.
5	Move over M&M World, Hershey's is in town!This place is great. There are chocolate sculptures, interactive areas, chocolate merchandise and this place even smells great! Oh, and the pastries, yum!
5	This was my second trip to Hershey's Chocolate World. The first time around I was so SAD because it was a very exciting prospect to have access to all those yummy treats but when it first opened the place was not up and running but boy oh boy has that changed. They have tons of merchandise and special yummy treats in stock now and their fun interactive area is up and running. You can make your own custom chocolate bar wrappers . Not to mention a fun little Reeses Peanut Butter Commercial. My favorite part about the whole place though is their bakery that is located on the bottom floor. For being a tourist trap they have really reasonable prices on their items which vary from Fancy Candy apples , Smores, Tarts , brownies, fudge   and even chocolate covered strawberries. I am sure there are more items but I had to finally force myself to walk away. I did end up buying a $4.00 Smore that was worth every penny and a Whatchamacallit Brownie that was recommended by the lady who was helping me behind the counter. Which might I add was also delicious. I can't wait to go back and try more items.  Everyone I met that was working in this location was friendly and helpful. When I was walking around I was constantly asked if I needed help. I also got offered a sample of the special macadamia nut Hershey kisses which are only available here and in Hawaii. Overall I found this place lots of fun and if you're in town visiting or even just down on the strip and have not had a chance to stop by I recommend coming in and taking a look. You may even surprise yourself and find something you've been looking for. During the holidays they have lots of baking items for your seasonal cookie/cake making needs like cinnamon chips and a variety of other items but most of all they offer service with a smile which is worth my time.. EVERYTIME!
3	This store is in NYNY and there are 2 levels.  Upstairs there are mugs with chocolate inside, chocolate, plush toys, and other candies such as Bubble Gum, and flavoured twizzlers.  There were a few items unique that I had never seen before in a Walgreens or CVS but it's overpriced.Downstairs there's a bigger selection of various items.  They have a large 5lb Hershey's bar for $50 for chocolate lovers.  There was a baking section with chips, and crushed macadamia nuts, different sauces to pour on ice cream, different types of chocolate bars, and an area you can create your own chocolate bar.  The desserts in the display looked good but so big and lots of sweetness, and pricey too.  I did see a new product, the macadamia nut Hershey kisses and bought a pack for $7.  I was told they are limited to this store and Hawaii but I bought one to try before going back to buy more.  I'm glad I only bought one bag as I tried it when I left the store and I could barely taste any nut.The chocolate Statue of Liberty is a nice feature and popular spot for photos.  Store has everyone Hershey's if you can't find it at other stores, otherwise, I wouldn't recommend buying it here as you will be pay a lot more.
4	Fun place to visit.  There is so much chocolate in one place, so many varieties...milk, dark, peanut butter of all sizes m&m, regular size, 5lbs ...We got some sour Jolly Ranchers though.It's a bit pricey here, definitely a tourist trap, who could say no to chocolate, right?All the same, it was fun looking around
3	Its possible that when I saw ads for this location, I got the wrong impression. Upon arrival, I was expecting more of a Hersheys World tour similar to the Coke world. I quickly learned this is basically a very large store that sells all of the Hersheys products. I left feeling sort of bummed because it wasnt what I was hoping for. At the Coke location you get to taste coke from around the world and try old products no longer in circulation. I was hoping I would have the same interaction at the Hersheys World. I ended up buying an AMAZING Reece Brownie that saved the experience from being a completely negative one. Will I be back? Probably not, we have a grocery store down the street that sells most of these products. It is a must see if you are into the oversized 5lb type items.
4	Who doesn't like chocolate, I for one love it. Great place to get your fix. And for an extra treat they have a island full of chocolate treats. My favorite is the Smores. Too bad they don't serve any liquid refreshments like they do in Chicago.
4	Who is not a fan of chocolate?? I saw a chocolate bar so big that it should be called diabetic coma. This place is a must to visit and to stock up on little treats. Love this place!
4	This is the best Chocolate store to M&M store in Vegas! I love all the new Hershey's gift ideas. I love Hershey's kisses the best! I like the mix bag of different Hershey's kisses. There is one with words that says, 'it's a boy!' Or 'It's a girl!'. These are good for goodie bags. I want to try all the desserts they have. It's a little pricey but they are pretty good size. When I have more room in my luggage, I will be buying a lot of stuff!!! Agh ...Too bad, this was our last day and I had no room to carry anymore things. I recommend that you have to pass by this store for all the goodies!!
4	This is a cute, well-organized large chocolate lover's store located in the lobby level of the New York-New York Hotel in Las Vegas.  My family visited their store yesterday and had fun walking around looking at the various Hershey's chocolate options and gifts.My personal favorite was their immense Hershey's Kisses dispensers built into their back wall where you could create your own mixed bag of your favorite flavors of kisses.  My favorite has always been their candy cane Hershey's Kisses, which are normally only available during the Winter holidays, so it was nice to see that it was readily available here at their store.Although it was a great place to take a walk through, I quickly was turned off by their inflated prices.  I do understand that they are compatible to prices of similar items on the strip, but I can easily walk away saying that it's not for me.  I'm sure that I'll be back again someday for a quick peruse and amusement, but not necessarily to make any purchases.  I'm no chocolate lover, but I definitely know that there's better chocolate out there to be had!#89 / 100Yelp 100 Review Challenge 2014
3	This place is more or less like the M&M store across the street (I wonder if they have the same owner). They sell everything from clothing, key chains, mugs and of course lots and lots of chocolate. There's even a Statue of Liberty made out of chocolate. Just another tourist trap where the kids love to shop. It was alright for me. Was hoping they'd serve hot chocolate especially on a 40 degree night when we went, but they don't.
3	After you have enough candy at M&M across the street, come to Hershey's Chocolate World and grab a giant Hershey Chocolate Bar for $50.  See the giant chocolate Statue of Liberty & Empire State building.  Bring your kids here so they can love you even more!
4	A friend went to Vegas and took some pictures at this store so I needed to drag the family here when on vacation! I was a very happy camper, with all of the different Hershey's candies, the bakery, and chocolate Empire State Building and Statue of Liberty around me. My family actually bought a few candies, after not being up to going here in the first place.The store is big, unlike M&M World. Even though it was crowded, people weren't in our faces or close to us. We didn't feel rushed and I took my time browsing.The highlight of our time here was seeing a Hershey's kiss character walk out of the back and wave to us before going outside in the cold. It was kinda cute!
2	Glad I went once to check it out, but it's underwhelming.1) Good concept, and I like the chocolate Statue of Liberty and Empire State Building, and the Reese's pieces ceiling lights, but they need more of this kind of thing. I get that they want to sell candy there, but it needs to be more special and not just heaps of the same stuff I can buy in my local grocery store. If you compare with the new Polaroid museum at the Linq, that is interesting and interactive and worth a visit. Also, didn't get to see the walking chocolate bar, and the second Statue of Liberty made of Jelly Beans on the second floor is kind of scary.2) The candy is more expensive than usual. A bag of Mac nut kisses is $6.95. The cinnamon bun sold in the center bakery is pretty good, although expensive at $6. It's harder than I thought and cold - would be better if it was warm and soft.3) The chocolate bar just outside in the casino sells alcoholic chocolate drinks (martinis, beer, etc.) for about $12. Good concept, but everyone kept asking where they can get a hot chocolate and oddly enough, you can't. You have to go to Ghirardelli at The Linq for that.4) Horrible parking in the New York New York structure - such a confusing garage with all the dead ends. It's facing the Strip - walk here if you can.5) It either needs bigger aisles, or the people here just like to push and run into you.
1	Well my kids got stuck in their elevator tonight for about an hour.  They're lucky I'm not one of those crazy moms causing a scene about the whole ordeal. You would also think they would comp us for the inconvenience of this happening. Especially that children and families visit this place they would fix this problem. Some employee said this happen a month ago. They did offer us water and gave us chairs to sit on when I asked for some. Thanks Hershey company for that I guess.  And the apologies for our inconvenience.   Now we are late for our departure back home. It's 10pm and its a 4 hour drive back to LA.
3	What I thought would be a fierce competitor to the M&M's store right across the street from here, this Hershey's store kind of fizzled for me. Yes it was cool to take a picture of the Statue of Liberty made out of chocolate & all the razzle dazzle eye candy of the bakery's display case, but overall it was just "okay" for me. I would have liked to see original, can't get anywhere else Hershey candies instead of candies you can get at any other retailer for cheaper. And while they do have super ginormous sized candies available for purchase I really don't want to buy that.Although I was completely sugared out with all the sweet treats Vegas has to offer, I HAD to get the s'mores from their pastry case. Definitely something original. It was very sweet though. Don't think I would get it again because there are way better treats to be had in Vegas. As for the merchandising of their non-food products nothing really caught my attention. I was thinking of getting a Hershey's coffee cup ($6) but decided against it. M&M's does a better job at merchandising so Hershey's needs to step it up a lot if they're gonna compete. And get me to return again.
4	They had different varieties of kisses that I have never tried. Yum! Did you know that Jolly Rancher candles existed? Because I sure didn't. Lots of cool stuff but not as cool at the M&M store across the street.
4	I was really excited to check out Hershey's Chocolate World after some recommendations from friends, but was kind of underwhelmed after my visit. I was under the impression that it was a lot bigger and was more of an interactive experience and look into the behind-the-scenes world of Hershey's Chocolate - but I won't fault them for my mistake.They do have a wide variety of chocolate and other candies. They have a wall of different Hershey's kisses and Jolly Ranchers that you can buy in bulk. You can even personalize your own Hershey's Chocolate Bar wrapper. They also have some baked goods and even a bar. Overall they are a little pricey, but compared to other big name candy stores they are actually a little cheaper. The staff was friendly, but they were mainly talking amongst themselves and didn't offer much help or insight into the products.
3	After my husband told me that he's taking me to Vegas for a concert.  I immediately searched on Yelp to see what places I should check out while I'm there.  To my surprise, this place popped up.  I didn't know Vegas had a Hershey's store!  Anyways, fast forward....this place has 2 floors.  Everything looks new and the selections were decent.  There's some items that you can get here but not in California.  I ended up leaving with a Reeses peanut butter cup plush toy as a souvenir.
4	My family and I really liked this store, as we're all big Hershey's fans (it's a dream of ours to go to Hershey World in PA one day!). But in all honesty, the store isn't that large and we "did" it all in about 10 minutes. The highlights: the humongous Statue of Liberty carved out of solid chocolate (this alone was worth the visit here. It is unreal!); the wall of colored Hershey Kisses; and, seeing some of the retro Hershey chocolates and old metal lunchboxes, and reading about the company's history. There were some nice shirts but they were too pricey for us. This is a great place to check out with the family - especially if you're planning on going on the New York New York roller coaster, as this store is part of the NYNY building.
