4	A great tea house with an extensive selection of teas (whites, greens, blacks, blues and reds) from around the world. It's the premiere place in Montreal to drink tea (especially since O Chai on St. Denis went out of business a few years ago). The people who work there are knowledgeable and helpful and they even greet you with a small taster cup of the tea of the day. (And you can buy tea in the adjacent tea store)My only gripe is the price of tea in China. They have a great selection but you have to pay for it.  Most of the teas cost between 5 and 7 dollars per single pot. Factor in tax and tip and you're looking at 8 or 9 dollars which is more than you'd pay for the most expensive capuccino this side of Moscow's Starbucks. Of course that's for an entire pot of tea but that's still pricey. So I don't go that often but I enjoy it when I go. Although it's generally pretty crowded and sometimes hard to find a table in the cramped yet pleasant space, they have free internet and it can be a nice place to get some work done in the off hours, especially for people like myself who enjoy the distraction of pouring myself a new cup of tea every few minutes.
4	Excellent tea house with amazing snacks. The place is a bit expensive, but if you're looking to enjoy some rare tea in a great atmosphere, come here.
4	Seductive little place, tucked in the quiet Rue Emery. This place serves rich selection of tea and some delightful dessert with great service that is so calming they fades nicely in the background. If you can, try to get the booth in the back of the store. Other small tables along the wall and the front are also nice.
4	PROS:1. Ambiance is warm, relaxed, and great for conversation.  I loved the different types of pots you could get your tea in and the down to earth decor. 2. The selection of teas is vast and the server was very helpful in choosing one for us based on our mood. The tea itself was brewed to perfection; However, the creme brulee was so-so, very basic. I should have gotten the little mochi instead. OVERALL:-Great place for a relaxed dessert + tea and conversation. I took my mom there and she loved it.-Nice dessert alternative to Juliet & Chocolat or Dr.Frost on St.Denis if you want something lighter and quieter.
5	I got into tea more seriously about a year ago and a friend recommended me Camellia Sinensis. I went and I had my mind blown. For new tea lovers; Camellia Sinensis is nothing like the teas you get in regular coffee shops, and commercial tea shops like David's Tea are a farce in comparison. Teas at Camellia Sinensis smell and taste like heaven, it's that simple. Their teas are imported and carefully selected.The staff is very helpful and nice every time and the ambiance of the store part of Camellia Sinensis is warm and welcoming. I highly recommend.
5	These people take tea very, very seriously. I recall hanging out at Camellia Sinensis 15 years ago when they served tea and shisha and were a dimly it den of smoke and hushed conversations. About 13 years ago they made an announcement that they were dropping shisha from their menu and focusing solely on tea because they really wanted to take it to the next level. Well, let me tell you, they have certainly been true to their word! Their extensive menu of finely selected imported teas is beyond compare. No other tea house in montreal holds a candle to their knowledge on, or the quality of, their product. You can buy the tea en vrac at the boutique, or relax in the tea room to enjoy tea prepared on the spot. The servers are soft spoken and polite and are trained in the exact art of how to steep each tea perfectly according to its variety. Your tea is served in a variety of fashions, according to the customer's preference and/or the traditions and norms associated with each variety. The pots and cups (as well as all over service items) are beautiful and well kept, adding to the experience of the tea as a special and ceremonial thing. The ambience is minimalist, clean and sort of meditative (in a non-religious sense). But I must say, some of their seating isn't very comfortable. Now, be aware, this is not a bustling coffee shop where you can have raucous conversations with a group of your girlfriends nor is it the place to pull out a laptop and tap away all afternoon. In fact, Camelia Sinensis has posted signs explicitly asking you to not do these things. The signs are gently worded, but essentially they request that the tea room be a "technology free zone" where people can take a break from the hustle of the regular world to truly enjoy their tea and the company of others or perhaps a book or even just quietly sitting in silence. They have also installed a gong which they sound if the volume of talk in the cafe gets too loud. It is a polite signal to everyone in the tea room to adjust their communal volume back to a lower level. So yeah, this is obviously not everyone's cup of tea (sorry for the pun, but I had to!). If you are not into the minimalist or the subdued, perhaps this isn't the place for you. Personally, I can't go here too regularly. But, if kept as a special place, this is one of my most beloved spots in mtl, It is a paradise for special occasions shared with myself or 1 other person with whom I want to engage without the interferance of cell phones on the table, beckoning every 30 seconds. Also, don't go here hungry. They only serve small desserts and tiny snacks baked things. Again, minimalist, if you're too overwhelmed by hunger, you'll feel like this place is hell.
5	If you're having a stressful day, take a break at Camellia Sinensis... all your troubles will soon melt away. With THE largest selection of straight (unflavoured) loose leaf tea in Montreal, this little piece of heaven is a beautiful contrast to some of the busier tea shops in the city. Varieties range from green to pu'erh, and everything in between. Pick up tea for your home, or have a pot on the spot. If you're feeling peckish, they've got the most delightful selection of pastries for you to gnash on. Long story short: if you're looking for a low-key spot where you can find your zen, this is it.   ++++++++++++++++++N.B. While it's not enforced, this is meant to be a tech free zone, so turn off your phones, iPads, and laptops. You'll be happy you did, and you can always write your Yelp review later.
5	Camellia Sinesis is pretty unique. The ambience is very cozy and intimate, the tea is of extremely high quality, and the small desserts they serve are pretty great too. The menu of teas is extensive, and each variety is served in vessels appropriate to the preparation of tea. Though I did not feel exactly as if I had been transported to the middle of Tokyo, the place does a pretty good providing a traditional tea experience.  This is not a place to go for a quick cup of tea or bring a laptop to do work (in fact, they do not allow computers or cell phones at all!), but to sit and savor everything about the experience from the flavor of the tea to the pot and cups that it is served in. The staff takes pride in offering customers a tasty and aesthetic experience. I tried a green tea, several small Japanese cakes, as well as a piece of chocolate-fig tart. They were beautifully presented alongside the tea and came with a perfect portion of berries and grapefruit slices.
5	This place is truly as good as it gets.It should go without saying that the tea they serve is superior and expertly made.The desserts are fantastic, from the wagashi to chocolate fig cakes, you can't go wrong.The best part about the place is just the ambiance- it is so relaxing and intimate there.
5	This place is wonderful... one of my favorite places in Montreal for sure!Both the teahouse and the boutique are heaven for tea lovers. The teahouse has a peaceful, intimate atmosphere with gentle lighting, a lot of wood and natural materials, and Asian-influenced decor. This is not a fast-paced, grab a cup and run type of shop, it's a place to take a pause from your day, slow down and savor a delicious tea.The tea selection is amazing, offering a wide range of options, black, green, chai, matcha, whatever your preference. With some teas you have a choice of how it's served, e.g., gaiwan or teapot. The staff are wonderfully knowledgeable and helpful. Of course the tea is top-quality.I strongly recommend browsing the boutique as well. They have an incredible selection of teas from Chinese pu-erh to Japanese green, a lovely selection of teaware, books, and gifts.Like I said, heaven for tea lovers!One piece of advice: large groups might be difficult here. Four small-to-regular sized people can just barely fit into a booth. I wouldn't recommend any more than that.
5	When I went to Montreal, I got the chance to visit a lovely tea shop called Camellia Sinesis (named after a plant that is used to produce tea). This particular tea shop does not allow you to use your cellphone or laptop. I've been to other cafes where the owners prefer electronics not to be used, but this tea cafe enforces the rule. They want you to enjoy your tea in a zen atmosphere and if you are with other people, you have to keep your voice at a low level. If it gets too loud, you will hear a gong go off to remind you to keep your voice down.There were many tea options, all ranged from $5-$10 a pot if I remembered correctly. A friend and I shared the Zhenghe Hong Gong Fu ($6), which is a type of black tea. I wasn't crazy about the drink at first. My friend who I shared it with thought it was really light. However, I felt that the taste changed the second time around and it tasted better. My cousin and her boyfriend got the Rou Gui ($6), a Wuloong tea. I liked the scent of their tea and it had a softer taste.After you pay for your drinks, you can receive 10% off a bag of the tea that you just drank in the cafe. The coupon is on the receipt which you can use then or later. I thought this was a great idea to get people purchasing! There are a total of three locations in Quebec. Overall, it is a cool place to be if you would like some peace and quiet to yourself or have a place to get your creative juices flowing with a pen and paper. I definitely recommend stopping by as a tourist if you get the chance.
5	Oh man, this place is becoming a favorite. I went for a nice cuppa tea before seeing a movie across the street, and I figured that it would be kind of dead on a Friday night. No so! It was the perfect combination of lively and peaceful. Glad to know there's a weekend spot for when I'm not necessarily in the mood for a cocktail.Super knowledgeable staff and amaaazing tea. Really, you don't know what you're missing. I have heard people say that it's overpriced - I didn't really find that. Some teas are expensive, but I feel like paying $5 for a cup of really good chai spiced rooibos is okay.For some of you it may be a major downer that you aren't allowed to use your techie devices. I say, just be forewarned, and come with friends or a book or your knitting or whatever. A fantastic spot for beating the snowy blues.
