1	Dr. Ena Lee is the most judgmental, condescending and rude healthcare provider I have ever had. She was rude every time I went in and missed major issues in my dental care.  Dr. Spiewak tried a little too hard to get my husband to buy expensive and unnecessary procedures and cosmetic treatments.  They charge way more than the going rate even for a simple cleaning and do tons of unneeded xrays most insurances won't even cover. I went 3 different times and really gave Dr. Lee a chance to be nice, but trust me, she's incapable.  Also, don't try to get your records for free - they charge to transfer them.
5	So I recently moved to Madison and was looking for a dentist. One of my PPO providers happened to be Midwest Dental. I went online and, honestly, was very skeptical about going to this place after reading some of the horrible reviews. In any event, I decided to give it a shot. And I must say, Dr. Ena Lee is a wonderful dentist! She explains everything and gives you options and suggestions. Becky and her are such great team. They always talk about fun stuff while working on my teeth. It is such a good distraction. This is the first time IN MY LIFE that I actually do not mind going to a dentist. These guys are simply awesome!
1	It pains me to write such a negative yelp review, but I have never been so frustrated with a health care professional. After moving to Madison in fall and going to Midwest Dental for a checkup in November, I found out I (unfortunately) needed two root canals. In order to help defray costs and make the most out of my university insurance coverage, the dental assistants recommended I schedule one root canal by the end of the year and the next in 2014. I did so, thinking this would help me best cover costs (which were roughly $1k, only 1/2 of which would be covered by insurance). So, I was incredibly surprised to find an almost $300 bill from Midwest in the mail this week. When I called the office to inquire about the additional charges, I was informed that my insurance company had denied payment for the first root canal because of a 3 month waiting period. Why this was so frustrating, of course, is because I had scheduled an earlier appointment (and had actually flown back into town in December for it!) on the recommendation of the Midwest dental assistants, who had looked at my insurance and suggested that arrangement would be most cost effective. When I expressed my frustration to the associate on the phone today, I was told that "it's the patient's responsibility to know their plan." Yes, but I assume it's also a health care providers responsibility NOT to give false information to their patients! I have never had such a poor experience with a dentist, nor have I ever had any health care service give me false information and then blame me for not being able to recognize that information as false. I highly recommend anyone, but especially UW faculty and students, go elsewhere.
4	After writing this review, I was contacted by a Midwest Dental representative to discuss my experience. Carla was incredibly attentive and helpful -- she gathered information from me and then went to visit Dr. Spiewak's office to discuss the issue with them. After doing so, she promptly called me back and offered to cover half the services now billed. While the experience overall was still frustrating, I really appreciate how quickly someone at Midwest Dental responded to my concerns and willing they (including Dr. Spiewak) were to accommodate me given the circumstances. Hopefully, my experience was an aberrant one, but I really appreciate how professionally and promptly Midwest handled my claim (even if the dental assistant who helped me initially was much less helpful).
5	I have been going to Midwest Dental for many years, so this review is long overdue.  While I've been in college, my home visits usually incorporate the routine teeth cleaning.  Although not something I've ever looked forward to, per se, the staff have always been very friendly and Cathy can usually fit me in on short notice, which I always appreciate.  Trinley usually cleans my teeth and is very pleasant to work with.  I enjoy the "gifts" he sends me home with--usually multiple soft bristle toothbrushes, floss, and travel sized toothpaste.Dr. Spiewak is very thorough and reviews my dental history each visit.  He also is very patient, since I normally have a few concerns to discuss each visit.  He initially asked me a few years ago if I was grinding my teeth and asked if I had morning headaches (I was).  I did not realize I was doing this.   Anyways, Dr. Spiewak was able to make me a custom fit special mouth guard for me to wear at night; it fits perfectly and prevents me from grinding my teeth, and hence prevents morning headache.   I appreciate him always taking the time to discuss my options and treatment plan with me.  Overall, I have had a very pleasant experience here with all of the staff.  I find it to be a friendly, welcoming environment.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
