5	This restaurant has two locations. The Windmill location is located within what appears to me to be a lower-scale plaza and has a pretty unassuming appearance.  Inside there's a kind of New Agey vibe. You'll find all kinds of books about nutrition, raw food recipes, and improving your health.  This place attracts a diverse group of people, which is part of the fun for me in coming here.  The food is the other part of the fun: great-tasting raw entrees  such as enchiladas, pizza and sushi - my three favorites.   At this location there is a salad bar, which is an excellent way to sample some raw foods in small doses if you are new to eating this way.   The juices and deserts are heavenly!While some of the dishes are an acquired taste (and the menu is a little pricey) I greatly appreciate this establishment and will continue to eat here as often as I can.  They have a second location further north at "The Lakes Center," 2910 Lake East Drive. It is smaller and has a juice bar rather than a salad bar, and hosts raw food demonstration classes occasionally.  You should go!
3	I have mixed feelings about Go Raw.  I like the heathy juices and the house salad is terrific.  I am very into eating organic and from time to time will have the will power to go raw vegan for a few months.  My love of all things gastronomic doesn't hold me there for long though.Once I called in an order for a juice to go.  When I got there they said they had no idea who I spoke to but they don't take phone orders.  They asked the employees in the back if anyone had talked to me on the phone and taken my order and they just shook there heads. Theysuggested I had called a wrong number which made no sense.  Like a wrong number would take my juice order.  When I got back in my car I looked at my call log on my phone and sure enough it was theirnumber I had called.  Another time I got something in my salad that wasn't susposed to be there.  It happens. I forgive them but I am deducting stars accordingly.  It's just a little inconsistent at times.
4	The makers of Rawmakery foods. I don't recommend their pre-packaged stuff. If you're raw (I was for a time), they use Braggs Amino Acids in their crackers, which is not raw and contains soy. Also, their crackers have a distinctively rancid taste and smell, as the fats in the seeds and nuts used in their products go bad quickly. Aside from their pre-made stuff, this is one of the few places in the LV that offers raw essentials: raw coconut oil, nut butters, raw olives, dehydrated fruit, etc. The restaurant fare is good, but I wasn't feeling the overpriced mock-entrees; I recommend the salads instead. The organic house salad with cilantro dressing is fantastic, and their dehydrated toasts are very good. Juices, smoothies, and the self-serve salad bar are all fresh, organic, vegan, and simple. Service is above average. Overall, a great organic vegan lunch spot for when you're in the mood to eat something living.
4	had dinner there - ordered the international sampler and thought it was good but i wish i just ordered one thing. i didn't love the hummus so much, but the italian (lasagna?) was quite delicious! i noticed on the smoothie/juice menu that you can add honey or bee pollen, which isn't vegan. ok ok, i'm not vegan either, but i used to be and the mixed messages bother me! :) that said, it was good and probably the healthiest option in this crazy town of all you can eat fattening buffets.
4	we've been patrons for over 5 years. i continue to support them because the pros outweigh the cons. im really happy there is at least one restaurant in vegas like this. it would be a shame if there wasn't even one place that catered to raw organic diets.. i do think they could train they're staff, particularly a couple of them to be more friendly. also a few times our veggie wraps were not completely washed free of dirt...but if you ever have a problem w/ your food they'll fix it if you ask.
5	It's very hard to find vegan restaurants in las vegas.This one has great service (they'll know you by name).And if you have special orders, they remember.Some of the food is a little out-there, but that's to be expected.I recommend the mushroom wrap (with extra fake cheese).The smoothies are also great (try adding chocolate/carob chips).
2	NOTE: I am a major carnivore. I hate veggies and health food makes me squeamish. Keep this in mind.I found the food here.. well kind of gross. We got 2 sampler platters and honestly all the food tasted the same! I realize maybe my palette isn't "refined" enough to tell the difference between fake lasagna and fake enchiladas, but seriously the food was all so similar and boring. Props to the people who can stand to eat this stuff all the time.. it takes some ridiculous will power.As someone with a degree in the biological sciences I think the concept of raw food is completely unfounded and ridiculous... but I have to appreciate that there are others that disagree with me despite the overwhelming lack of true scientific evidence in their favor. Our bodies create their own enzymes, there is nothing wrong with this. There isn't an advantage to eating enzymes, and plant enzymes don't help your body perform better or even aid in human digestion.Ok anyways, not to start a heated vegan debate here, but I can say 2 facts about eating there. 1. The food is PRICEY. Seriously we're talking $8.88 for a smoothie.. WHAT? I guess "quality" is expensive, whatever. 2. I have felt sick for the 12 hours since eating this so called food. I know it takes awhile to get used to raw food, and the first time you feel ill or something, but I don't very much enjoy feeling ill after eating "healthy" food. I don't get it. Advice to carnivores.. this place isn't for you (ok duh, that wasn't very helpful). If you're feeling adventurous like I was, good for you, but be warned that our stomachs aren't made to handle this "living" food and you might not be happy after eating there!
3	at least we have one place but, because we have one place that is a monopoly they slack.  the one guy with the dreadlocks is one angry vegan.  Maybe cause he's miserable and hasn't had a real hot meal in years...dude is damn right lecherous staring down women's shirt.  anyways, the food is overpriced for not having an oven and a gas bill.It's not bad in a pinch and but, suck the money out of you.  half the people that go in their are morbidly obese anyways. I do go back for the mexicali wrap cause the price is pretty reasonable on that.how do charge so much for vegetables?and it's not even all organic!
3	I took some friends here for lunch today as a 'Thanks' because I had been their houseguest for the weekend. Also, they saved my company from having to pay for a hotel room for 2 nights, so it didn't cost me directly - which wound up being super nice because it cost $60+ for lunch for three peeps. Ouch.Inside it looks more like a bookstore, with food added in as an afterthought. We ordered from a tired looking gentleman, who was quite sweet. We sat down with our drinks, which were apparently 'naturally effervescent,' and proceeded to explode all over our table. The only thing we had to try to control the fizz were some paper napkins, which didn't impress the staff too much. Sorry - but we had to protect our laps from bubbling mango soda!We shared the chips and salsa - which was fine. The salsa was really good and fresh, but there was only about three tablespoons of it. And the flax chips were OK, just a little thick and soy tasting.We then got the vegetable sushi, which was quite good. A large serving of a maki-like entree, except without rice or fish. It basically tasted like a delicious mouthful of vegetables that I wouldn't have tried without some outside encouragement. I mean, I never thought I would truly enjoy raw enoki mushrooms.My friends got the portabella wrap and beet-cheese burger. The wrap was ok - very salty marinated mushrooms and 'almond cheese' wrapped in some raw chard. The burger was slightly better - tasting very much like nutmeat and also served with a generous helping of 'cheese.' The salad that came with the burger was large and really, really good.We did add salt and pepper to everything, though. Generously.All in all, I would recommend this place if you want to get out of the unhealthy eating-out lifestyle. The food is more of an experience than some omnivores might be up for, so keep that in mind when planning a night out.And don't use more than one napkin!
4	4 stars for the raw/vegan restaurant in Las Vegas! Agree with other yelpers finding a place like this in vegas is hard. This is definitely out of the way from the strip, but worth the drive. The food is good, not great, but if you are looking for vegan food in Vegas and cant find it anywhere else, this is a good place to come. A little on the expensive side and staff is a little rude depending on who you end up with. My non-V friend came here and she was satisfied with her meal. She really liked the smoothie we ordered. When in vegas, i would come back here for some V food, although there is not many other options, but it is a good one.
4	My first Raw Food cafe experience! Food had a lot of flavor and the portions were good.  I ordered the traditional raw Pizza and the Mango coconut toast. Tasted great, kept me full, made me feel great and gave me energy for the rest of the day! Service is friendly and laid back here.  I enjoyed browsing the books and grocery section while we waited for our meal (which didn't take long!). Beet burger was also good! Will definitely come back next time we are in town.
2	Food is okay - really good smoothies, but it is expensive and the employees are rude and non-personable. I don't know if they always give dirty looks for the sake of dirty looks, or if they are just PO'ed about something. Anyway, salad bar is decent, smoothies are good, everything is expensive.
3	After ordering their "hamburger" I was asked if I knew what raw food was, and if I realized that I was not going to be receiving a hot, bloody pile of meat on a bun. Not in those words... but it felt like that.I got the #12 to drink (Body Cleanser), to accompany my meal... and that was nice. Too expensive at $6 for the regular (small) size, but everything you'd expect from fresh vegetable juice.The burger was great. Filling, and fresh. The "fries" on the side were slices of avocado (yes, please) dusted with some kind of magic raw fairy powder that made me forget all about their fried and very long distant cousin the french fry.A bottle of water for the road and a wheat grass shot came to $25. I know it's raw. I know it's fresh, but that's still a little too pricey for what I had. The presentation of the food was surprisingly artful, but the slightly inflated prices would have been much easier to stomach if the gentleman behind the counter was a little more welcoming.While not very impressive on the inside, the menu was interesting enough for a repeat visit, and the quality of the food was high.
5	So grateful for Go Raw!I like the GV location better because they do have a few cooked options when my little belly wants some warmth. Plus I am partial to GV.From the menu - house salad | kale salad with cilantro dressing. Those are in the current rotation. I was stuck on the Beet Burger and the Mexicali Pizza for years - those are great too. The new coffee cream dessert in the fridge is one of my all time favorite desserts. It is up there with the raw mint chocolate chip ice cream I had at Pure Food and Wine in NYC.The salad bar is small, but all I need. The fresh cut fruit (esp the pineapple is always phenomenal.)Last, but not least drink #28 - I think it's 28??? It is the last one on the menu - the superfood (supergood) smoothie. It's $10 but a meal in itself.In short...go there.
3	The food and salad bar are great, and portions are generous. I was fine with the semi-high prices given the quality and I know a lot of work goes linto preparing raw food. However, they charged me $ 5 for tea which is obscene and it left a bad taste in my mouth despite the delicious and healthy food I had eaten.
5	Stopped in here while I was in Vegas. This place was great. I love the cafe/nutrition shop. They offer a large selection of raw foods, books, body care, and vitamins. My friend ordered the Mediterranean Wrap and I had the salad bar. Both were tasty. The cilantro dressing from the salad bar was really good.
4	I FINALLY went back to Go Raw today, after literally 2 years of meaning to go...That is an insane amount of slacking.  And I'm pretty mad at myself, because my lunch was delicious!I got the "vegi-cotti," a large entree of a manicotti-like creation with raw tortilla-type shells filled with minced veggies (cauliflower, broccoli, zucchini) and creamy and luscious cashew "ricotta" flavored with pesto.  It also came with a veggie pasta primavera (strips of zucchini plus other chopped veg) in a perfectly seasoned tomato sauce.I tried my friend's creamy tomato soup that she went crazy over (it was damn tasty) and her house salad.  Everything was crisp and fresh, and it just felt so good to eat like this!We both paid about $20 for our food + Fiji water, not bad considering the quality.  I'd definitely be doing myself a service by taking $20 out of my weekly booze budget and eating lunch here on the regular.I am probably an undersalter, and this food tasted great to me, but I could see how people used to restaurant salting might find it bland.You'll find this little nugget of healthfulness tucked away in the Smith's shopping center.  It doesn't say "Go Raw" out front, so it can be a bit confusing.  Look for the giant "veggie cafe" and "juices" signs.
2	So this is the year I decided I was going to be a vegetarian for the year. My quest started while I was still living in Manhattan so there was no shortage of great vegetarian and vegan places to try. Fast forward to me moving back to Vegas. Sheesh....no wonder everybody is a little chunkier here! I wanted really badly to love the Go Raw Cafe. It's close to home, it's on my way home from the gym and I've been digging trying different foods. Hell even the reviews on Yelp seemed good. My wife and I popped in today for lunch. I had the "Gimme the beet cheeseburger and fries and she had a small salad she served herself from the salad bar. The place overall is very plain and casual. Looks like a small market with a couple tables to sit and eat. Nothing special or noteworthy. My "burger" was ok and definitely different. My wife said the salad bar ingredients seemed fresh. The part that makes this place hard to visit again is those 2 items with no beverages came to $22! Now I'm all for paying a little extra for good ingredients and ambiance. I really don't think this place is worth the cost. The one employee I had contact with was very solemn and automatic. I saw they had iced mochas on the menu for $7.88 and smoothies were about the same. Really? You thought Starbucks was rough! No amount of "hip" or "fresh" or "healthy" is going to convince me that I should pay you close to $10 after tax and tip for a coffee. It's really a shame because places like this need to exist and grow but with this economy and those prices and inconvenience (no drive thru or late hours), I hardly doubt they will. Take 40% off those prices and put a smile on your face when a new customer walks in the door....then we will talk.
4	I am not vegan or vegetarian but do have friends who are so initially tried this restaurant with them.  I found the food to be so delicious I have been back on my own many times.  It is expensive, especially when one gets used to the cheap eats in Vegas but it is worth it for the quality.  So far I have only had their mexican sampler platter and the house salad with the cilantro dressing.  Even though I mean to try other items these have been so good I can't stop ordering them.
1	While I was planning a week long business trip to Vegas, I tried to find healthy vegetarian restaurants in advance and came across this restaurant.  The high prices didn't bother me because my company was paying for it, but it was the service that ruined it for me.  For starters, there were 2 or 3 ladies there who barely spoke english and it took them a while to come to the register to greet me.  So I order 1 enchilada $8.80) and a 2 oz shot of wheat grass (menu said $1.80 for 1 oz and $3 for 2 oz).  I went to pay and the lady told me to eat and pay later in case I want to buy something else.  So I eat my enchilada, drink my wheatgrass, and go up to pay and it was $16 and some change!  I asked why it was so much (not that I REALLY cared, haha) and she said $8.80 for the enchilada and $6 for 2 oz of wheatgrass.  Apparently they have "updated" prices on the wall in an inconspicuous area and the prices on the menu are no longer valid.  It made no reference to the updated prices on the menu and the sign with the wheatgrass price didn't make reference to it being an "updated" price.  After a couple of minutes back and forth and the cashier telling me that her owner wasn't there and that I needed to pay $6 for the wheatgrass.  It ended with me paying her $3 and giving her my phone number so the owner can call me if he dares to try to dispute this.  This started out as a place where I planned on eating lunch every day during this trip, and now it's a place that I have no plan on ever revisiting.  Side note:  I went to get a smoothie at Tropical Smoothie Cafe after I left (because I didn't want to pay (have my company pay) the $8 they were asking for a smoothie, and they had 2 oz of wheatgrass for $2.75.
5	Great place!Nice food and nice friendly place. They have nice selection of foods and books too.
5	I absolutely love this place.   I have been going there for years now.  They have the best Vegan food, they get so creative with their dishes and make them a lot of fun to eat!  They sell the highest quaulity supplements and vitamins.  I highly recommend this place!
5	I eat here almost every day. Their house salad is second to none (but get the house dressing on the side because it is a little strange and can be overpowering- I get the lemon juice, oil and herb dressing on the side and it's amazing!) and they have great granola that as far as I know is made in-house and they also sell bags of it. It's called Granola-Yumola and it rules! Their smoothies are a great starting point if you haven't tried much vegan food. And of course their salad bar is great. Be advised about their soups on the menu: make sure you ask whether they are hot or cold because the hot soups are amazing but the cold ones are a little odd even for someone as open-minded as myself. :-P happy eating!
3	I've been here twice the food is pretty good the atmosphere could use a little work and the employes could use a smile.
4	If you are into Raw food you will love it here. If you are not into Raw food you could go either way. I love the salads here and my favorite is the Kale Salad.  The last time I was there I had the "enchilada's" and I found them to be very tasty and fresh. I like the food here but it is pretty pricey. I love all of the Vegan and Raw books the store has and they have some nice products too. A very small little place in a strip mall but a great place to find some Raw choices which are few and hard between here in Las Vegas and Henderson.
4	I am thankful for this place. The only thing if someone like me wants to eat here every day it would be nice to have a daily special. A new exiting menu every year or even 6 months would be nice too. I would like to eat here every day but after couple days I get tired of the same and I just go somewhere else.
5	This is the East side location for the Go Raw cafe.  If you saw my review for the West side, then you know this is an amazing raw cafe in Las Vegas!!!Yes, you can still be healthy and retain your raw vegan status while in Sin city.  Just get your green juice, raw entree, raw desserts and whatever snacks you desire from flax chips to raw cookies, and you're all set to go.No Vegas trip will be complete without my daily visits!
4	I went to eat here today and I thought the food was great. I love anything organic, vegetarian, or vegan so I was excited to try this place. The prices were high but it was well worth it. Everything is fresh and tastes relatively close to the real deal. We tried the enchiladas, portabella mushroom wrap, vegi-cotti, and a smart tart smoothie. All of them were excellent. The only thing that didn't make this place a 5 star destination was the service. I understand that not everyone is going to be optimistic and upbeat but you don't have to be totally depressed all the time.
2	I hate to write this review. Really I do. But this place made me consider never eating vegan again. I'm astonished at all the wonderful reviews.I walked in and the woman behind the counter might have grunted a greeting or maybe she just glared at me.The place looks like all the skanky vegetarian places that were in Santa Cruz, CA when vegetarians were always skanky hippies with questionable hygiene. I thought vegetarians had come a long ways from then. Vegan food can be exciting and palette pleasing. It doesn't have to be depressing.It didn't smell good in Go Raw. I'm not sure if I'd say it smelled bad, but it just reminded me of the yucky hippy places of my college days.I did the "salad bar" for $9/lb. I took small helpings of most everything.The cilantro salad dressing was like an acid bath on my tongue. *shiver* Thankfully I hadn't put much on. But it  was like Go Raw VINEGAR!I had some stews that didn't seem raw...and they were warm. They were okay. Nothing exceptional. Some yam dish. Some other undescribable dishes too.I left feeling hungry and slightly grossed out. There was nothing in particular that grossed me out so I don't know why I felt so yucky.When I eat vegan food at a place like Native Foods in Costa Mesa, CA, I leave feeling like I've filled my body with awesome. But I left Go Raw feeling like I'd just filled my body with yuck.I wouldn't return.OTOH, it looks like most of you are loving it, so maybe it's just me.Meh.
4	I am not vegan but I like this place.I am one of those people who has to eat meat or fish with every meal.I am on a special diet where I need to eat lots of veggie and fish.I was going to come here to get some good salads and then go to the Japanese restaurant for some sashimi.there's salad bar and menu items.the super food smoothing is really good and loaded with antioxidant to keep my skin look great!at the end, I am full and satisfied so I didn't go to Japanese restaurant after.
4	My wife and I were new to the vegan world. We decided to stop eating meat and anything from it after finding out the insane amount of suffering the animals go through in the farms. After becoming vegans we were noticing amazing changes in both our health! I then started to research how to get the  maximum health benefits from being vegan. Coming to Go Raw Cafe was our first step to supreme healthy eating. Everything was delicious and fresh! Desert was amazing! We felt strange eating cheese cake that was good for us. The atmosphere was relaxing.
5	A bit pricey, but then when I make my own raw food meals, it costs a lot as well. Great, great food, love the purple burrito and the variety of food. Ambience needs some improvement, but the selection is great. Love this place. Always drop by when I'm in Vegas.
3	Most people don't come to Vegas to engage in healthy activities.  But I cannot live without my daily green juice, so I sought out Go Raw.  Be prepared to pony up some cash, because this place isn't budget friendly as previous reviewers have pointed out.    Then again, most raw food joints aren't.  There's a nice little salad bar and a great selection of juices and smoothies.  If you're looking to stick to a healthy diet and don't know where to go beyond the $5 steak dinners and all-you-eat buffets of Vegas, check this place out.  (P.S.  Check out the Whole Foods in Vegas too.  They also have a halfway decent juice bar on site)
5	Stopped in here the other day and had a lovely experience. I was feeling under the weather with the beginnings of a cold / funk. The kindness and care I received was second to none. While this cafe specializes in raw, I wanted some hot food and they suggested the cooked vegetable curry soup. It was a generous portion and seemed nutritionally balanced with brown rice, veggies, and legumes. Warming and delicious, just what I needed in a vegan comfort food. We all need different nutrition at times, so I really appreciated the cooked option.I also let the waitstaff recommend a juice to boost my immune system with a little spice to help clear my head cold. The tomato-spicy one was delicious and pure, just enough cayenne heat. The flavors were really well balanced.While the ambiance is not exactly warm and fuzzy -- it has more of a supplements store or grocery feeling -- the people are wonderful, the food is pure, and I was filled with gratitude that we have such great options for vegan and vegetarian / pure food in Las Vegas.I think a lot of heart goes into this business! The pricing seems reasonable when you think about the volume of fresh / pure ingredients they have to source, and how food prices have been going up. Of course being mostly raw, the food is different and the textures and temperatures may not be what people expect if they are coming from the standard american diet, but I recommend giving it a try, perhaps in stages.P.S. the kale chips in the take-home packaging are completely wonderful and delicious! Get some on your way out!
5	LOVE love love finding new live raw food restaurants!!
2	I looked at the menu and was super excited to try the smoothies.  I ordered the Coconut Durian Shake but unfortunately, they didn't have any durian on hand.  I then changed my order to the Acai Rio Bowl and for $8.88, I expected more acai berries in it.  Nope, I mainly tasted banana and quite honestly, not worth the price.  Love the idea of Go Raw Cafe, Hate the price.  Hmm...haven't decided on whether or not I will return.  Maybe where there's a half off special...
4	The drawback is obviously how over-priced some portions are (& you feel like you're not really getting anything for what you're buying, but usually raw foods are like that when you buy them from a restaurant). This location is the closest to where I live, so I have been here three separate times & have to admit their food is actually very filling. A lot of their menu items are very easy to duplicate at home as well if you're on a budget, but I would say come here to try out what they got & be adventurous!I have ordered the veggie wrap all three times, & the full order is definitely more than filling. While I wish they could provide just a *little* more house slaw to go on the side, at the same time, raw organic places usually practice their philosophy of small, fresh portions. Great selection of reading material at this location, I've found a couple useful books I've been reading since I discovered them here. I also prefer this location than the one on the west side of town because it's a lot more spacious & open (you'll know what I mean if you ever visit the two places).This is a great place to start experimenting raw & organic foods if you're curious to know what kind of dishes & meals you can do with raw eating.
5	Delicious!  Tasty!  Off the strip!  All good things.  This will become a regular stop on my Vegas vacations.Hey, how come there isn't a National Lampoon's Vegas Vacation?Oops, almost forgot, it's PRICEY with a CAPITAL PRICEY.
2	I debated whether or not to write this review since it was my first raw food experience. I eat a variety of foods, and eat vegetarian meals about 4 days a week. So yes I still eat meat and, I'm healthy.  To tell me my body is a grave for the animals I eat is rude. I don't think he meant it that way and was polite but, it is still not what I want to hear the first time in your establishment. Prices- Vegetables are expensive so 8-10 for a plate is still high by my standards for some lettuce and sprouts and a wrap.Presentation of food- Presentation of food was nice and well done.Taste- I did not care for the food at allAtmosphere- Clean nothing exceptional a few books and grocery items along the wall.I won't be returning.
4	I ordered the carrot avocado soup and the "neat"loaf plate. Interesting flavors and textures. The lady working, Minnie, was very friendly and helpful. The juice we ordered wasn't very good--it was a green one with apples, ginger, and lemon. I couldn't taste the apples and it predominantly tasted of celery. I took home a young coconut from the fridge and it was so yummy! Best part of the meal.
3	i loved the mexican pizza.. though thought the prize was a bit on the high side..  food also took some time to make and deliver.. customer service was very friendly and place was clean.i would have given four stars if not for the price and timing.. but still very tasty!
5	house salad and durian shake!
4	This place is not new, but it's the real deal.  Staff walks the walk, not just talking about healthy and organic....like some other places.  Their juice drinks are 100% SO GOOD.  It's a little more $$$ than a lot of other lunch places, but you definately get what you pay for.  They have cooking classes you can sign-up for ( I always mean to, but never do).  The pizza is not like any pizza ever...really creative with the menu too.  I love the way it smells in there too!
4	I love this place :-) The food is fresh, and interesting, service is fast, and I feel good after eating it. I don't eat here much since it is a little pricey for me, but worth it though. Try the burger and avocado "fries"!
2	Have you ever eaten something and stopped to think, "This seems really healthy... too healthy..."?I advise only eating here if you are a hardcore vegetarian, who loves all the greens and super whole-grain stuff... you know, the stuff without taste to the non-vegetarians out there. I ordered a beet "cheese burger", and what I found was a whole lot of veggies between really hard pieces of "bread". The "fries" were not fries -- they were some type of paste. The "pizza" looked exactly like my "burger" but just missing the top slice of "bread". I guess it was good that I ate healthy, but I wouldn't go back again because the meal just didn't taste satisfying to a non-vegetarian. They should at least make it a bit more tasty, so that I am not too aware that I am eating a bunch of vegetables
4	I'll start by saying I'm neither Vegan or Vegetarian but was meeting a pescatarian friend for lunch and we were looking for a culinary adventure.We split a house salad with the house dressing and the Mexi-Sampler plate.  My friend also had some sort of smoothie that I think had beets in it.  I ordered water - I really wanted a Diet Coke but was afraid to ask for it, lol, so I settled for water.The salad was possibly the best salad I have ever had!  It consisted of mixed greens, tomatoes, onions, avocadoes, sprouts (I usually hate sprouts), and walnuts.  I'm not sure what was in the dressing but it was delish.The mexi-plate was also very good.  I think my friend said a couple things were a little spicy but she's a "Gringa" so take that with a grain of salt.  She also really enjoyed her smoothie/juice thing.I left feeling full but not lethargic - I will attribute that to eating raw and wish I had the discipline to eat that way.  However, my family would revolt at the thought!It's a little pricey but I'm willing to pay more for good, wholesome, healthy food.Restaurant was clean and had an assortment of books and products for sale.  Good music on the radio too.My only complaint was that the service was kind of slow/indifferent.  The girl at the counter seemed more interested in texting than in her job.
4	The food was delicious, a nice combination of flavors and textures.  I had the manicotti and my husband had the "salmon."  We were both very pleased  Go into the ladies room, very nice paintings wall paintings.
4	The Go Raw house salad was delicious. Also had two veg juices, the #12 and the green zing. This was split amongst two of us. Both juices tasted great. I expected the large size to be larger but it wasn't too small. Glad to see a place like this doing well, offering a great selection, and tasting yum.
3	Im trying this new place too see if it compares to daily kitchen or greens & proteins. Well I have to say for a true vegan its paradise. But for a person who just want to eat a bit healthy its just too much.
5	Awesome. Their food has SO MUCH FLAVOR
4	I am not a vegan but i love this place. I love how the menu is fresh and healthy. I must say you must have ACQUIRED taste to enjoy this type of food,. I ordered a platter to sample a couple of items.. i wasnt use to the food but i would highly recommend this place to vegans and vegetarians. I also had their detox shake it is awesome! love it! would i go back here? YES OF COURSE! would go back for their fresh juice and their meals.. You might wanna try their organic bar they offer daily. I must warn you about pricing it is a bit pricey.. for a shake and my entree i ended up spending around $30+ i guess its the price you pay for being healthy but well worth it!
4	Finally tried this place and I found it very tasty. I've been experimenting with eating more raw foods so, this place has been on my radar even more. I'm not sure that any person would love this cafe but if you're a vegetarian, or interested in having a healthy meal to accent your regular SAD (standard american diet), I think you would like this place.I arrived early and noticed they only had very small (for my liking-15 ounces) bottled waters, I walked over to Smiths to buy a large water for a fraction of what they were selling theirs (didnt even check their prices). I had my own water canteen/bottle, so just filled that up and walked back to meet my friends for lunch.We chatted at a table and perused the menu. I order the vegi-cotti. I chose this because it came with a side of their pasta primavera so, I could try two dishes at once. Both were yummy. I ate one vegi-cotti and half the portion of pasta primavera and took the other vegi-cotti and remaining past home. It was a very generous portion but it should be given the price of $13.88.The PP was strips of zucchini, the shape of thicker linguine. The sauce was a very tasty tomatoey sauce. The vegi-cotti was their in house Italian veggie mixture (including basil and parsley) cut very small so it was easy to eat, as it was stuffed in one of their sprouted flat breads (kinda looks like a thick darker tortilla). My recommendation, eat the entire portion at the restaurant. The leftovers, while still tasty, the sprouted bread had a crunchier or firmer consistency when newly prepared. The left overs were a bit soggier but, still tasty.My friends (have been to Go Raw before-this one and the Sahara location) shared the Mediterranean Pizza and the Enchiladas. They said both were very good.Food is good and fresh. Prices are high. And, I think for these prices they should have some cold tap water in pitchers with lemons or cucumber.
4	First, I should say that coming here made me feel like I was in a spa at a health resort without any pretentiousness whatsoever.  There is such a vibe of healthy living that is exuded here, right down to the jicama "fries".  I came on the day I was leaving and we had eaten too recently to order a meal, but I had the Gimme Greens smoothie with soy milk and kale, parsley, celery, cucumber, spinach, and collard greens.  It was one of the best smoothies I have ever had.  The owner is very nice and we chatted while I was in line. I will definitely be back next time I am in vegas and likely eat many meals here.
5	Came here a few times for lunch and enjoyed every meal that I ordered.  I love the fact that I can have a meal, in Vegas nonetheless, that I can order something to eat and not worry about feeling gross after I eat it.  Everything tastes fresh and postprandial somnolence is nowhere to be found after grubbin' on some their tasty foods.  I've only had the pizza and a shake and I have yet to try the organic food bar for lunch.  My only criticism is the price as it is expensive BUT you get what you pay for so I'd rather spend my money here than upping my LDL and Triglycerides at another Vegas fast food joint fo sho.
4	I've been hitting this place up once a week after yoga. I have to say, the first time I went in here some old guy who I assume is either the owner or a manager of some sort was totally rude and condescending towards me like vegans and raw foodists tend to be when they make the huge ASSumption that someone doesn't "understand" their food choices and lifestyle. Not true, mister! I contemplated never going back but ... the food was delicious, it's hard to find places like this in Vegas and I wanted to be the more evolved person. I win.So, I love the wraps. All of them. The salad bar seems popular though I have never tried it. They also sell a lot of sprouted grain and nut chips, pizza crusts, cookies, etc. So go eat some raw food even if you're not vegan and try to avoid the smarmy, judgey dude.
5	This place has the biggest selection of raw vegan food. Their juices are wonderful as well, all very well juiced. The atmosphere couldn't be better!
5	Everything on the menu gets five stars in my opinion. Neat loaf & "fries" superb (trying to find a fancy word for amazing)Liver mover super juice!Great service on top of it and you get five stars from me!
4	This is not the best raw food establishment I have ever been to, but I feel so blessed to have found this hidden gem just outside of sin city. The menu, staff, and ambiance has that healthy, positive, and granola vibe I crave sometimes. Although I am a huge proponent of bacon, sometimes I feel like treating my body well.They have an excellent selection of raw juices, smoothies, and healthy shots. They also have a great salad bar where you can make a healthy salad or steamed veggie platter. They also have a fun menu that includes wraps, enchiladas, and raw pizzas, plus incredible soups.I had the combo dips, a juice blend, I had an E3 shot (only for the masochistic), and their carrot and avocado soup. Everything was good and the staff was really nice. Looking forward to going back asap.
4	After passing Go Raw Cafe for a few months while going to visit my friend (he lives very close by), we both decided to go check it out before seeing a film. I'm a vegetarian and my friend is health conscious, so we were both very excited.The decor is laid back and comfortable. There are many tables as well as bookshelves with health, vegetarian and New Age books for sale. I didn't feel awkward wearing my Rob Zombie Dawn of the Con shirt and jeans, which may not have flown in a more posh location.I ordered the "sushi" and my friend had some flax crackers and dip. Both were delicious and very fresh! It took a while to get the food, but considering that they make everything fresh that was to be expected.I also had one of their desserts, a vegan brownie that I picked out from the refrigerator near the register. It was a bit dry, but very good overall!Next time I go I will definitely try one of their many smoothies.
5	The best tasting healthy organic food we ever had. The staff was friendly and helpful.It was great to find healthy satisfying food for the few days we were in Vegas. I wish they had a store by us.
4	Last Tuesday was my first visit to this location (I usually frequent their Summerlin location) since it's not too far from my work. The setup is different and smaller, but I like that they have a salad bar here. There were also samples of their products that you can purchase to take home; I tried the chipotle kale chips and it was very yummy! Pretty pricey though, so that may be one thing that I'll have to make at home hehe. It was really slow that morning, which was perfect since the food is made to order and I was in a hurry. I ordered one of my favorites, the lasagna (layered with zucchini, carrots, spinach, marinara, and nut cheese). It was soo good!! Absolutely LOVE IT. A friend (not a Vegan!) tried some of the lasagna and he was sold! It's so wonderful to be able to access really fantastic live, raw, organic, Vegan eats in the valley!
5	Go Raw House Salad is worth driving from SoCal for... and I don't even like salad!
5	I haven't been to Las Vegas in forever!! See my post on Friday 2/15/13 at Midas getting ready for this trip.  ANYWAY, I thought about bringing out juicer since we juice twice daily.  I didn't bring it to Vegas cause I didn't want to look like some Hippy Vegan. That was a mistake.  My body was screaming for nutrition and my mind was looking for my juice crutch.  I started to panic, I was thinking "Okay I can just get a jamba or something" but then I went to my trusty Yelp account and started searching and found this wonderful place.I immediately took my hungover ass to Valet and got my car and hit the road.  It was only 20mins from the Tropicana - which was awesome and clean!I arrived to find EXACTLY what I was looking for.  Clean, fresh juice.  Not a sugary sweet fruit juice.The prices are right. The juice was life saving and the food bar is divine. This place made me want to be the hippy vegan I was so afraid to be.Thanks for taking care of me and wife in Las Vegas!
4	Great green drinks and superfood smoothies. My favorite item is their tiramisu - "Coffee Cream" raw desert. The gourmet flavour aspect on some of the items doesn't measure up to many of the restaurants I eaten at in LA, SF, NY or Chicago, but still, it's not half bad. Almost everything is raw and vegan, so you really can't go wrong here.Go Raw has 2 locations. This east-side one is in a mini mall next top a Massage School! Dine and unwind!
2	I had Go Raw on my to do list for  years but never got around to it until recently. Let me start with the good the female  working the counter was very friendly and welcoming after I told her it was my first visit. She suggested juice ( Green Zing- granny smith apples, lemon, ginger) based off my bitter/tart palate I described to her. I ordered the green zing and the gimme the beet 'cheese" burger with a house salad. The juice was made rather quickly.  I was really looking forward to it. Tasted like motor oil and was "luke cold" pretty disappointing start to my first experience but no biggie. The beet burger came out and I really enjoy veggie burgers especially house made.  The "living bread"  it came on had the thickness and consistency of beef jerky but tasted like tree bark. The beet burger itself was only slight less disgusting.  I  came into raw very hungry so for me to say it was terrible is mostly shocking to myself. The house salad was the best part as it was mixed greens kale and a flax seed oil garlic dressing that was just OK and that's rounding up a bit. The salad was by far the best part of  and otherwise awful meal.  I ate the entire  meals as I was hungry. After eating I was literately turned off by the thought of more food even if I went  next door to get a slice of pizza. They do not refrigerate or cool  or heat items to keep with the "raw" theme. That didn't seem like a big deal to me but only added to the awful tasting tree bark flavored meal I just ate. I like the concept of "raw" and natural yet they put to go items in plastic bags, plastic cups that are not made of corn or anything sustainable or green.  They have bottled juices and vitamins in a refrigerator as you walk in but then everything tastes "luke cold" as if nothing is refrigerated that you order.I wouldn't wish Go Raw on my worst enemy. If anyone wants a free  get juiced card with a stamp on it, it's all yours.   Skip it  and thank  me for saving your taste buds later.
4	Review is just for the juices.Came here for my daily dose of green juice and this place didn't disappoint.Freshly made just pick on the menu combo they have on the wall.Try their wheatgrass shots for $3!! or you can have the blood transfusion (with a side of fresh coconut water)Try this place for your juice cravings.
5	Food is definitely different, but it taste good. I can recommend the "burger and fries". It was nothing like I had before. The "bread" is some type of firmer thin crust. The "meat" is this beet they blended up to shreds. The burger had a ton of other yummy stuff in there too. The fries were an interesting turn. It was guacamole shaped in a string and covered in this red powder. The "ketchup" was really good, but I could not tell you what it was made from. Overall the presentation was really nice and artful. They have a lot of other health groceries too, like books and supplements. Service was really nice and when I came there was live music, well a guy playing a flute. Wish I had cash on me to tip him. Next time I guess. Oh and they have some nice looking desserts.
3	My first time here ,Had the veggie wrap but didn't realized it really wrap with veggie,haha....I actually enjoyed it!! Had their green zing juice, it was kinda expensive for the size!!! It says large only ,  but its like a medium size cup!!!! I will go back to try other stuff on the menu though!!!
2	I went with a friend and ordered the raw burger, which was ok. The house salad that came with the burger was AMAZING though. Best salad I have ever had. The food wasn't the problem, it was the older gentleman that works there. He came to the table to ask us how the food was, we told him it was fine. But then he tried to convince me to spray some kind of salt spray on my food to try it out.(There are bottles of this spray on all the tables) I'm not a big salt person so I said "No, thank you, it's just great the way it is." He pushed even more for me to try it. I just wanted to enjoy my food and have my conversation with my friend. After I told him very nicely that I wasn't interested in trying it, he mumbled a bunch of stuff. The only thing I made out clearly was "I guess you're going to eat your food the way YOU WANT to, that's fine." Which I found incredibly rude. There was a lady about 1 feet away waiting for a juice she ordered who saw and heard the whole thing. She gave me a "what was that about" kind of look. Not the best experience. I won't be returning. Which is a shame, because that sure was one delicious salad.
2	Disclaimer: This was my first raw food restaurant. I don't typically avoid meat.Price: At $15 per person for lunch, it was overpriced. (3/5)Taste: I didn't expect much here and this met my expectations. It was pretty bland. (2/5)Service: The service was ok until the lady behind the counter laughed at someone in another group for ordering a diet soda ("lol no, we don't have soda here"). Laughing at someone who doesn't hold the same food superstitions you do and doesn't know better is bad form. (0/5)Atmosphere: The condition of the restaurant was a bit weathered. It was no worse than a typical organic grocery store (3/5)Overall: Overpriced, condescending, and bland - I can't recommend it.
4	A great mom and pop place to eat healthy & to grab a juice! Green Zing is my go to The have a pretty good selection of organic extras to incorporate into your life as well.
2	Went twice these past two weeks. Got the "calcyum" juice, with kale, parsley, carrot, and apple. It was pretty good and a healthy alternative to the fast food options nearby. Also, they are really fast compared to other juice bars I've visited. My only gripe is with the service. Never really that friendly or engaging. On my last visit they wouldn't let me pay with debit, I guess the machine was busted. So, I paid with cash, received no receipt, and realised after getting in my car and heading to work that they had charged me $11 for one juice, twice the actual price. Kicking myself for not speaking up when I thought it sounded high. I will probably still pop in for a juice once in a while, because at the end of the day you go for the product. It's just a shame they don't put any focus into quality customer service.
3	I am a big fan of Go Raw Cafe, BUT this particular location on Windmill I do not enjoy going to and that is because of the service. I do not like to mention names but this lady never makes me feel welcomed there.  I always feel I am bothering her by asking her a question about something or even if I do not ask a question and I am just ordering. The last two times I have been there it has been pretty bad and I swore to myself I will not go back for a few weeks. I like to eat at a place where the staff is happy I am there.  What I do love about this location is the salad bar.  They always have amazing stir fried veggies and brown rice.  I get a scoop every time!  Its pretty pricey here so expect to pay over $10 for anything you order.
4	I will start off by mentioning that I am practically a carnivore - I don't tend to eat a lot of vegetables and it is hard to imagine a meal without meat. However, I love the idea of trying to eat healthier foods and wanted to check this place out. I was blown away by how good it was!!I ordered the veggie wrap, which had avocado, sprouts, cucumber, tomatoes, carrots, and a nut paste in a kale wrap. I have no idea what was in the nut paste (it seemed like it was mixed with a dressing), but it was delicious. Tip: order the half rather than the full! The full came with four huge wraps, and after a juice and the guacamole appetizer, even finishing two of them was a stretch. However, I took the rest home to my husband, who is even more of a meat-eater, and he couldn't believe how good it was either. The only downside is that it seems a bit expensive for vegetables - our meal was $53 for two people. But it was delicious enough to be worth it.I wouldn't go back to this location, as it is all the way on the other side of town. But I would definitely give their Summerlin location a try!
4	Great selection of raw, organic vegan cuisine. I eat here at least 3 times a week. The " burger" is my favorite. Veggie-cotti, mexi-wrap, and all the pizzas are tasty as well.
4	I'm here a lot. Why? They have fresh vegetable and fruit juices for a reasonable price. While I focus on juices, they also have smoothies and prepared dishes. This is a raw food focused establishment (hence the title). They offer steamed vegetables in the hot bar along with soups and brown rice, but I believe those are the only selections that are cooked at Go Raw Cafe.  Don't discount them if you are a carnivore. This is simply a place to come and get healthy, whole foods. No matter what food plan you are following, we can all agree that getting more raw vegetables in our diet is a good thing. Come and try out the salad bar and grab a raw food cookbook. On Saturdays and some Sundays there is a jazz flutist. You read the right, a jazz flutists. His beautiful music just adds to the ambiance of the place.Interested in finding a place to practice yoga, learn how to do a proper kettlebell swing, meditate at dawn? Check out the community board and you will find at least two notices that appeal to your particular healthy interests. I've read a few reviews where people were put off by poor customer service. I won't defend that and I have to admit I have witnessed it on one occasion. But the 100 other times I have been there, I have seen kind and helpful employees assisting patrons. The owner is always busy but totally interested in helping any customer who asks find a book, or understand the benefits of a plant-based diet. He is passionate about the raw food message and it shows in the energy he invests in this business.I appreciate the food offerings and the message of this place.
5	Ask for Mini she rocks!!!It was our first time at a raw vegan joint.We have totally gone off the meat since we watched "forks over knives" a movie that blows your meaty mind!Go Raw is a fresh choice and a store/library all rolled into one. Get the mexi sampler or the purple burrito.It's awesomelicious!!! Live to Eat people!!!
4	Salads are great and half size is huge.
5	Soooooo good! This place has tons of delicious raw organic choices. Thank you yelpers for helping me find this place. so thankful!Try the sampler platters, make your own salad, order the raw lasagna, have fun, Enjoy.Thanks Rod.
5	Thank heavens for this place!  Trying to get into a healthier lifestyle and go raw has been a life saver to that end.  They make veggies delicious and it's never been my thing, so that's a mouthful coming from me!  Great staff there too, wish u all the best, see u soon!
5	You have got to love this place. It's the only cafe thats truly raw and organic on the eastside. They also have another location on the westside by the lakes. I buy all my supplements here and super foods such as the most amazing goji berries and other Go Raw products. The green zing is my favorite juice and I usually ask that they take out the apples for my personal preference. If you love smoothies get the superfood smoothie in a bowl with granola. To die for. I would get it every time I went.  They soak their nuts (for optimal digestion) so it's truly made with care. Such a treat. Oh and if your really looking to indulge I recommend the cookies and cream which is coconut and cacao blended. Yumm. In regards to the raw wraps my favorite is the portobello mushroom wrap. Spot on. If your looking to elevate your health and gain energy, Go Raw is the way to go and you can learn so much from this place. They also have a huge book collection including recipe books, books focused on certain ailments and other cool topics. I probably bought most of the books from there. Good luck on your health journey and I hope you love this place as much as I do !!!
2	I went in and grabbed a bunch of their raw snacks and two raw desserts. I also ordered a juice. Super expensive, from the juice being eight dollars to the snacks going from a six dollar cookie to a thirteen dollar small bag of crackers. Now, I love the concept of Vegan and raw, yet for the price, I would like to enjoy the food and not taste cardboard. The desserts were horrible and the other snacks were extremely bland. The juice was WAY too thick. Basically, a rip off. No one should have to pay this much to eat tasteless food for health.
5	This place is my favorite for a healthy option in Vegas. Try the kale salad or the Italian plate.
3	I like to come here when I feel like I have to detox.  Expect nothing but fresh, unprocessed food here.  It really is "go raw".  I don't often come here, but when I do, I get a juice and something off the food menu.  I tried the "burger" today and I have to say, it wasn't so bad.  I felt good eating it, not guilty.  The saying eat to live is very true here.  I can't recall what juice I had, but I know it was under the super juice menu.  Liver detox or something like that.  Any how, give it a try.  But just expect to spend a lot, it's pricey.
5	If there was a chain of this place so many people would be vegan :) On our short trip to Vegas we came here twice. Got the Italian sampler and the Mexican sampler. Everything was scrumptious!  Even my taco bell loving husband couldn't deny how fresh and flavorful everything was. We got to try 4 or 5 things in Each of the sampler platters. The desserts were bomb too! Before we got back on the plane we took food and a bunch of the crackers, tortillas and chips with us. I don't like the gluttony of buffets on the strip but I'll look forward to coming back here next time I'm in town! Or better yet, make this chain PLEASE!
4	A little pricey but I enjoy the selection of healthy foods and supplements. I even got tea from here when my wife wasn't feeling well that helped a bit. Salad bar is nice, always we'll kept with fresh food, eating area is always clean, nice laid back atmosphere. I have already become a regular.
5	Man, if you juice, this is the place for you!I made a special stop on our way to Pasadena to get my Beet, Ginger, Apple juice.  I went 4 days without one since leaving Cincy.I have been here several times, and each time was great.  They do have a frequent juice card you can get stamped, but I only come maybe, if I am lucky once a year.If you are the raw, vegan, juicing type, stop in and pay them a visit.  You won't be disappointed, that's for sure!  If I ever more to Vegas, I will become a regular, you can BET on that! lol
5	Go raw cafe is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!  I love both locations too- eastern had a salad bar that is amazing!  And the lakes has gorgeous scenery!  Both locations have the most personable staff and they are so knowledgable and helpful!   Get the hummus it's hands down my favorite of all time.  The kale and Mediterranean salads are great and the wraps are my favorite!! The mexi wrap is heaven in your mouth!  I love go raw cafe!
5	I am a vegetarian and eat a lot of vegan food.  I've never been a "fan" of the raw food movement, because it's never been tasty (or overly appealing).  Go Raw Cafe will change your mind.  My husband (the pickiest of eaters and I can safely say a vegetarian junk foodie) and I both LOVED the food here, we were just shocked that it was all raw.Try the Mexican sampler plate or the International Sampler plate to get an idea of what you like.  Of course, you could go to the salad bar, but it's just salad.  Let them cook.. erm, prepare for you!  The chili was also just amazing, full of beans and almost a curry finish.The gentleman working the cash register was incredibly nice and helpful.  There are a bunch of cookbooks to check out while waiting (I ended up buying two, I'm a believer!) and of course, some pretty tasty desserts.
5	Excellent vegan food very creative!  It is a little expensive but well worth it! I'm vegetarian and once was vegan. Planning to try vegan once again and this is the best place to go out to eat for that-No worries of any meat or dairy products and anything.
1	This place wasn't for me. Had the mexiwrap, zucchini pasta and Acai bowl. The Mexican wrap was my favorite amongst the other dishes, however when I got home I started feeling sick and ended up throwing up. Not coming back.
5	Stumbled in here and had to try it.. The food was amazing things I didn't expect.. The guy was very helpful in helping find something I would like. Best part to me is the variety of books u can read and even purchase while u wait for your food and eat
1	I've been looking for a place to get an acai bowl in Vegas for a long time. Finally came to try Go Raw Cafe and had the worst visit. The cashier was rude, and when I asked for honey on top of the acai bowl instead of bananas she didn't tell me anything about a $3 add on charge for the honey. My total came out to over $11.00 for an acai bowl.. so I thought that this was going to be an extravagant, large, amazing one. It came out in a plastic cup smaller than 16 ounces. I could not believe the $11 thing that was in front of me. After taking my first bite out of it, I hated it. The granola was disgusting, hard, and had plenty of random unwanted nuts/raisins in it. Do you know how to top an acai bowl? Awful, awful, acai bowl. Awful staff. Awful experience. Overpriced.
5	Delicious options with a full juice bar, smoothie bar, and salad bar. They also offer a menu of options. All organic, and vegan. Thy offer a bookcase of informative reads as well as all essential oils and vitamins. We need more places like this everywhere! Man at the register with a grey pony tail was amazing and sweet. Great customer service.
4	I go here every once in a while on a Sunday when I work an extra day in Henderson.. usually just picking up a Kookies and Kream, or a Veggie Wrap to go. Those are my go-to items other than the Body Cleanser Juice (so yum!). The food is always fresh and smells/ looks wonderful. But I felt I should write this review after my visit yesterday. I ordered the House Salad. Yea, you can get a salad anywhere... but this salad was AMAZING. And the woman behind the counter promised me "The Best Dressing Ever" - well, she didn't lie. The dressing was fabulous too! My only 'eh' about this place is re: a man that works there who WAS nice at first but then got a little crabby with me and said something like "you better not be lying to me" when I mentioned that I never knew about the juice card and that I didn't get a punch on the card/ a card at all the last couple times I had gone in. HE gave me an extra stamp on the card willingly. I didn't ask him to. I wasn't at all rude when I mentioned that I never knew about the card previously. So it was a little off putting that he made that comment... over a juice card stamp of all things.
4	The food was good but not good by LA or New York raw-vegan-food standards. Pretty quick service. Good place to go for lunch or a snack.Great selection of raw & vegan supplements, snacks, and books.Really enjoyed my coconut-durian smoothie, although I'm aware most people can't stand durian =)My rotti-something dish (can't recall the exact name) was good but not great. I would definitely like to try the other dishes.
5	Deliciousness, nutritiousness, and and abundance of yummy goodness. My favorite item on the menu is the spicy veggie juice. Every time I get it I instantly feel better. I also really love the super smoothies with either the fruit or granola. Everything at Go Raw is delightful and fresh and organic. Try it. You will feel so much healthier!! Well, what are you waiting for??? GO!!!
5	This place is a godsend. It's a nice break from The Strip and the chaos. Treat your body right with some good food!The Green Zing was very popular, but I opted for the Sweet Greens (I believe that is what it was called). Juice was refreshing and definitely hit the spot. I decided to get the mexi-wrap as I heard so many good things about it. The pictures don't really do it justice and I was surprised at the size of the portion. The half portion was big and satisfying, especially eating it with my juice!They have a salad bar that cost $8.88 lb. and offer other goodies. ...Vegas, in the land of the 'all you can eat buffets', this place was refreshing and proves that quality is better than quantity.
1	These people ripped me off. I ordered $15 worth of food and had an additional $30 added to my total without my knowledge I signed the receipt without noticing the total difference and I wasn't given a receipt. When I noticed the error and tried to correct it with the manager via phone I was shocked by his defensive nature and lack of concern over what his employee had done and his lack of care for his customers. He said he could not look up my receipt which I know is a lie and he did not offer to correct the error or offer any apologies trying to keep a long time customer. I also went into the store in an attempt to force someone to be accountable for what had happened and I was avoided. I disputed with my bank and because I had signed the receipt I lost the $30. What a scam they have going on and I wonder how many other customers they have done this too. I will never again go back and give them my money. BEWARE.
3	This place is ok.  Like another reviewer said not great by L.A. standards.  The service is also below par
2	disclaimer to start: I have been to quite a few raw/live restaurants. (wooohoo!) And DEF a ton of vegan ones. As that is my lifestyle. Not to mention the fact that as a part of my business, people pay me to create healthy recipes. Not only for people personally, but cookbooks, blogs, etc...including raw.   I have  even taught people how they can prepare delicious raw & vegan food at home in a class format.On that note:We were excited to check this place out and taste another fun take on raw amazingness.  And sadly, from the moment the cashier opened her mouth the tone was set, it seemed. She was flippant & rude... especially when we asked to get almond "cheese" on 1 side of the "pizza".  The man and I both wanted to try and I am not a fan of nut cheeses. (or fake cheeses in general... or fake meat. For me... it freaks me out that something is not being what it truly is. I could prob say that's how I feel about fake people too! haha!)  That brings me perfectly into my biggest point...Technically "raw" is anything under 119 degrees... SO, you could potentially  have warmed items that still maintain the delicious nutrients that all raw food offers. AND--- our fav places in LA do this.  For example... the biscuits and gravy do not come out ice cold. Same as their pizza. The pizza was ice cold. And apparently every thing they serve is that temp. Or room temp. That really turned me off. I really don't know any time I would say... ohhh, I am totally craving a cold enchilada. I spoke with what seemed to be the owner to ask a few questions and of course... he was offended and will prob reply to this post. But alas... I am hoping it causes him to re-evaluate the temp? the service? As I know it is probably super easy to not have any worry regarding temperature.  The Buckwheat bread it came on was great! BUT--- we could've driven to whole foods and bought the same bread ourselves and assembled our cold dish at home. (especially with the price point so high)The menu also said it came with "walnut sausage". Throwing small pieces of walnut on a cold piece of bread does not a sausage make. Another one of our fav places at home has an incredible walnut sausage... that is a delectable mix and packed with flavor... not just the walnut.Which brings me to ANOTHER item on the menu they call "fries".... we were like... cool! Let's see the fun spin on "fries" done raw. Come to find out these are merely avocado slices. Just. Avocado. I LOVE avocado. If you say it's avocado. But don't tell me it's fries.SO---  in a nutshell---the flavors were actually quite good. BUT--- I could buy at the store and assemble at home. (was hoping they built more ingredients in house, especially with the price) Don't tell me things are NOT what they actually are. "walnut sausage pizza" is not cold store-bought bread with nuts on top. Fries are NOT avocado. And please make a disclaimer somewhere.... ANY where on the menu that says all of our food is served cold or at room temperature. (I know its a RAW place... but I know RAW... and it doesn't have to always be cold or room temp.)  then, we would know what to expect and probably really truly enjoy our experience. Also--- a little kindness and maybe a crack of a smile goes a real long way.
5	2 words: HIDDEN GEM!!!!! As a vegetarian I find it hard to eat in las Vegas' restaurants except... Here!!! The service is fast and very nice and the food.... The Mediterranean salad is just amazing! Don't forget to grab a fresh juice! Definitely a place to remember!!!!
1	I went here excited to try one of the smoothies today. I decided I wanted to get a super smoothie, so I chose the tropical smoothie with the fruit stew on top. The lady rang me up for 2 smoothies instead of one, I had ordered some food as well so I didn't realize how off the price was until I asked for the receipt. When I asked the woman at the register to correct the order she started raising her voice and said that I had in fact order this extra smoothie. I told her this was my first time at the cafe and maybe I didn't understand the way to order but I am positive I never ordered the #28. She began to show me what she had wrote down and shows me the menu in a way to I guess try to "prove me wrong" instead of just correcting the order and giving me back the extra $ I had paid. At this point she was so extremely rude and would not get a manager for me, that I just wanted my whole order canceled. She told me I couldn't have my money back because they had already started making the food. Once I explained to her that I work with customers every day in my career and would never talk down to any of my clients like that, she finally gave me my money back.I'm disappointed that I couldn't try the food and smoothie because I am positive I would have been back considering that I am in this area quite often. I will NOT be back ever.
3	Lunch: WeekdayAs part of my yearly Lent (Latin: Quadragesima - English: Fortieth) I like to give up meat for the 40 days of fasting. Las Vegas does not have many places that cater to the flexitarian or no-meat eaters. So it was some what difficult to find a place.The place I went to was GO RAW CAFE. I was craving a beet juice due to all the  sun exposure from all the bike riding around Hoover Dam. I felt a tinging from perhaps the onset of a sun blister. Beet juice for sun blister is the way to go, since beetroot has lots of the amino acid, lysine. The place is not the best, and not the worst. It had what I was looking for..raw juice. They were limited on the vegetables and fruits they carry. Guess I'm spoiled with the juice places found in Los Angeles (Pico-Union neighborhood), and Bedford Stuyvesant, Bushwick (Mr. Kiwis)  In addition, they sell books on juicing and other supplements.
5	The best! Salmon Sushi, traditional Pizza, so delicious and the presentation was outstanding. 1st time here and I definitely found my favorite vegan cafe in Henderson.
3	This place to me was alright. The food LOOK so amazing & tasty, but when it comes to tasting it was alright FOR ME. I'm not a vegan/vegetarian, maybe that's why it wasn't the best to me. Their curry crackers almost made me puke. They tasted like dog treats and looked like dog treats. I ordered a sampler that had different varieties of food. Some of them had herbs, and after eating it a while it made me feel weird. My body is probably not used to it. Who knows! The place is pricy, and the outlook is decent. I love how they have books. I'm a book person. AND OH! Their customer sucks. The lady is just rude. You could tell she hates her job.
5	I love Go Raw Cafe!  There aren't very many raw restaurants in Las Vegas and this one just so happens to be located around the corner from my office.  From green juice to smoothies and the creamy carrot & avocado soup...the food is perfecto!  I frequently order the "half"(due to the hearty portion) kale salad and the coffee & cream raw cake...it's better than the original tiramisu.  Go now!
5	The food will pleasantly surprise any food eater (not just for veggie-heads). The service was fast at lunch and dinner. The presentation is beautiful. The dishes are so amazingly delicious that I am truly grateful this place exists and I was able to visit! After eating I felt happy, healthy, energized and light. Best of all it had me satisfied and feeling wonderfully plant-strong. I strongly encourage you to give this place a try... you will not regret it!!
5	Thank you with all my heart Go Raw for my Californian grown raw GREEK olives to put into my GREEK bowl from Protein House that already has black olives in the bowl- as the claim them to be Greek. SO NOT GREEK! NOW, I will add GREEK olives and make mouth gasms with this amazing bowl taste! Service at Go Raw is always lovely such a blessing is this. ELIZABETH at the register is a beautiful soul and Rod, so passionate about Raw eating and living- just beautiful.
5	Traveling for work and came across this gem for dinner.  Wow! Amazing food. So fresh and delicious. I ordered the Raw Salad with house and cilantro dressing on the side. I will definitely come back!  The store was clean and it didn't take long at all. Yummy!!!
3	I kinda feel like giving this place 3 stars is a little much but I can't really give it one or two either (although my hubby says 2), it's kind of a toss up. I have never eaten here and the hubs and I are on a quest to eat at every healthy spot in  town to discover all the hidden gems. So I was super pumped to eat here knowing I might be discovering a potential new favorite place. The ambiance is organic, there are healthy books and naturals that you can pick up while your there, not a huge selection but they offer some. I noticed that they have a salad bar and it looked delicious and fresh, but because I can get a salad anywhere I wanted to hit that menu. I went for the "cheese burger w/fries" and my hubby had the wrap; however we experienced a problem while we were being rung up. The lady at the register ran my husbands card twice and it generated a "transaction failed" so I used my card and it went through. My husband checked our account to ensure it didn't go through and it actually charged twice. We had to call the bank to verify it did . We told the lady that the machine actually did charge my husbands card, and she began to argue but not so much in an argumentative tone but with a "that's not possible" because the receipt says failed tone. It was really hard to make her understand, I told her  it says that but the bank says that it actually did go through. So we dealt with that which wasn't a great way to start our first visit but it was resolved and by the time we were done, I was kinda over it.  The "burger" was good, didn't lack flavor , but I feel like something was missing from it, that there could have been another component added to tie it together but at that point I wasn't sure what it was. My husband was a little upset that the collard green that was used for the wrap wasn't deveined, he ended up just peeling it off and eating just the insides. We both ordered a smoothie, which was good but not the best smoothie I've ever had and in fact I could make the same one at home, and better.  I may try this place again, but it didn't stand out that I am willing to make the trip from my house across town to eat here again. I walked away not remembering the food, it just didn't give me that food memory I always look for.
4	Great food and I like the fact it is all vegan food with a lot of healthy options. However, many things are way too expensive. Juices and smoothies for example are ridiculously overpriced. The atmosphere is very basic and uninviting so this is more of a place to pick up great vegan food and take home.
5	Best vegan restaurant in the USA seriously wow.The most delicious food with the combination of you feeling amazing afterwards. I'm from LA and I just eat at go raw or the other raw vegan place in downtown vegas.But Go Raw is very special great selection as well.The samplers are great very generous portions and made with love I bet;)Thank you very much See you soon
5	Stopped in for a smoothie one morning, always happy with this place.  The owner and his staff are always friendly and willing to help if you have questions.  They have a great selection of raw foods which sometimes you have to acquire a taste for but overall the food is all good and healthy.  The smoothies are a nice change every once in a while especially since the are made to order and are always fresh.If you are in the area of this location, stop in and try the food...the location on the other side in the Lakes has a little bigger food selection with soups and sorts, but both are awesome and worth a stop.
4	Been here a couple of times and it's pretty good. The first time, I had the Mexicali sampler, and it had a good variety of things on it. My favorite thing was the enchiladas. This was the first time I ever tried a raw food restaurant and it was great. I brought my Dad when he came for a visit and we both ordered the Enchiladas. I definitely want to try something else next time, but those enchiladas are so awesome it's hard to not order them. I think it's a tad pricey for what you get, but the food is really awesome. I like the samplers because you get a good variety.
3	The food was just okay. I really enjoy health food and raw eating :) Love my fruits and veggies. Eating here tasted overly "healthy" to me. It was bland. Tried with some friends for lunch; we had the pasta with collard greens, a wrap, and a salad. I must say that the food tasted like it was missing something but I just cannot out my finger on it. I might eat here again but it definitely didn't make an impression on me (good or bad).
5	Excellent!!  I've been to the other location for lunch but I stopped in this one for a juice. I got the Green Zing. It was amazing!  Collard greens, parsley, celery, ginger, lemon, green apple, and kale. I love it! I also bought some flax crackers and flax tortillas. They have a breakfast bar, it's vegan and they offer cooked items. I'll say it again, I wish I had a place like this close to home!
5	This place was such a great find. My husband and I are vegetarian and don't eat a lot of raw food. But it was incredibly filing and flavorful. We had the hummus plate and the mexi sampler platter. It was so good. And the staff was incredibly friendly. Definitely checking this place out again when we are in town.
5	On our first visit we noticed a Great menu including smoothies and salad bar... and wonderful selection of high quality products from colloidal silver to extra virgin coconut oil, kombucha to protien powder, books to apricot kernels! Clean, positive atmosphere! Spoke with a customer while there who said she literally eats there every day!
5	Love stopping in here for a juice. Everything is fresh and organic and its ready pretty quick.
