1	Henderson, NV1.0 star rating6/8/2014My experience at this Purrfect Auto Service Location was HORRIBLE.Joel was trying to up sell me and wouldn't even give my family who I had him speak to over the phone who is a certified mechanic for a dealership in CA. I went in wanting a self draining plug and all kept talking about was how that wasn't a good idea and that I should replace the oil pan which was 3 times the amount of the service I wanted or more in cost. He stated he wanted me to purchase an oil pan because in the future it would be the best purchase for his shop and for my vehicle. Why, would it be the better purchase for his shop? I can come up with many answers to that question. His shop shouldn't even be relevant to my car and the service I want. After he spoke with my cousin and I spoke with my cousin to get his opinion on this situation I decided to tell Joel that if they can't do the service I'm requesting that is fine I will take the car elsewhere and thank you for their time. Joel stated they can try and I told him either they can do the job or they can't. He ended up switching up his response and stated they can do the job and that it was going to cost a very expensive amount that I know was not normal. Another voice from behind the desk stated tell her I can do it for a smaller amount. I was already walking out to get my car and Raul ran out to talk to me. Raul is the person who stated they can do it for a smaller amount. He showed me the self draining kit and stated he has prior experience as a mechanic from Inglewood California and wanted to assure me that he would get the job done as if my car was getting serviced by the dealer and that the smaller amount I was being quoted would be a flat fee with no taxes. I agreed to get the service done. As the service was being done by Raul... Joel decides to share some info about my car to me. He stated that my car needs the water pump replaced but that he was sure I wouldn't get the service done since I wasn't even going to replace the oil pan. His comments and way of service lack customer service 100%. He is a HORRIBLE person at what he does. You don't talk to customers in the tone he did and lie to them.The job Joel was telling me I needed would cost me $1,200.He stated that I would need a new water pump.That water pump my car needs ranges from $50 to $75 for my car.He also stated since they would be changing the water pump they would suggest and need to replace the chain and tension... umm Joel it's called a tensioner.The chain and tensioner don't need to be replaced they just wanted to upsell everything they could. The following day I had another mechanic check out my car and he showed me what was wrong. A gasket needs to be replaced which would be way less than $20 to purchase. The mechanic also showed me how he could tell it was the gasket that was needing replacement and not even at this very moment since the car was running fine and showed no signs of overheating. I than called my cousin and let him know what this new mechanic was telling me and agreed with everything I was taught. It sounds to me that all this person Joel wants to do is rob people in every which way he can in the most expensive way possible even if the car doesn't need the work. If I ever return to this location it would only be to get my oil done by the person who did the job of the self tapping drain... Raul. Raul was a nice fella I have nothing to say about this fella even though he may be on the same page as Joel but I wasn't really allowed to talk to him alone without Joel interrupting.I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYBODY ESPECIALLY IF YOUR TOLD YOU NEED OTHER WORK DONE ON YOUR CAR THAT ISN'T AN OIL CHANGE. JOEL IS HORRIBLE!!! I even heard him talking down to a customer while I was seating in the small dirty lobby.my receipt shows an address of 7065 W ANN RD #130-533LAS VEGAS, NV 89130And the other receipt it's attached to shows an address of 7131 W CRAIG RDLAS VEGAS, NV 89129... I'm thinking the Craig address is the correct address... this Purrfect is in the Albertson's shopping center. I will be posting this on both Purrfect locations just in case their is some kind of connection
1	Been here for a $9.99 oil change four times and have been charged four different amounts all the times! They have no idea why and I even showed them the receipts!
1	Should be called Turrible auto. My husband and I had a coupon for a $10 smog check so we decided to try them out, despite the negative things we had read about them online. Well, the place had a few other people hanging around waiting for services to be completed, but we waited for 30 minutes before we went and asked for our key back. Nobody even went near the smog check desk the entire time we were there. It seemed like they were very unorganized. Random people were walking around aimlessly in the shop. We will not be going there ever again. We went to terrible herbst and we were in and out in less than 10 minutes.
