4	It was located right in the midst of the Asian district. I was not expecting to find decent barbers here nor in Las Vegas. I have already stopped by a few barbershops but nothing appetizing.I did not pay attention to this place in the past. But after a long day of barber shopping, I peeked into the shop here and it's not too busy. One stylist was eager to get me on immediately. But I prefer old fashion barbers usually for their old school experience. And they are the dying breed.I had Joe and he did a great job from the get go. I could feel the confidence within a minute. He was a bit rough with eccentric attitude but it's fine with me.So hairies, I like it and I will return to Joe. It's $12 for Flat Top.
5	So I found this place from Yelp and it was the closest Barber shop to my location.  I was able to walk in without an appointment on Saturday at 11:30am and was seated immediately.  That was awesome because the place was busy I just got lucky I guess.I was told over the phone a haircut was $11 but found out the Fohawk cut I was getting was $13.  Still a bargain though because the guy did a great job.  Love the classic Barber shop style where they use a proper razor.When the Barber finished up I was surprised to learn that he was Nelson!  Definitely will be coming back next month.
5	One of the best haircuts I have gotten and only for $12! I originally was planning to go to another barbershop that I had remembered meeting the owner a few years back. Well, I walked in there and apparently it has changed ownership and let's just say the new staff is a bunch of young punks that are too good to even say hi or welcome when someone walks in the door. Not the type of experience I was looking for in a barbershop. I left that place and did a quick Yelp search and up popped Nelson's Barber Shop. It only had 3 reviews but they were all good so I figured what the heck, I'll give it a shot!Nelson's is a surprisingly big shop as it has a good 12 or so chairs all in a row and the opposite side is lined with seating for those waiting. I walked in and was greeted immediately by a gentleman who asked if I needed a haircut (kind of a funny question don't you think?? why else would I be walking into a barbershop?). Anyway, he led me down to another gentleman at the end who introduced himself as Bong.Bong is a very talented and friendly barber and did a great job with my simple or RTW (ready to wear-as he said) haircut. No lines in my fade and even took the time to do some extra careful trimming with a blade which was very surprising considering the price.As long as Bong is still at this place in a few weeks I'll be back. While this place does not have the traditional small barbershop feel, it offers great cuts at insanely great prices. CASH ONLY BTW.
5	Needed a cut while in town and found Nelson's on Yelp.Minh was my cutter, she is excellent.  Great local shop.I am now trying to time my cuts for when I am in Vegas.
4	Nobody likes to leave their old and comfortable barber who is already used to the desired hairstyles of the customer's choice. But being that my previous barber was 280 miles away in Los Angeles, I knew that I needed to maintain a consistency in cutting my hair even out here in Las Vegas. So during work(which I'm currently at now while I write this review) I did some extensive research on local barbers who know how to cut a fauxhawk. Nelson's seemed to be the most convenient location for me. The first couple of calls I made were failures, probably cause they were occupied on the other line but eventually I got a hold of them to schedule an appointment, only to discover that they don't do appointments. So after work, I walk in and was mildly greeted by an Asian woman(don't know her name). I didn't have to wait and was immediately attended to. Wow, was I impressed! This lady can cut. And I'm almost confident enough to say that she is arguably the best barber I've had. Even for a first, I was extremely impresed with the amount of skill she has. She's also very meticulous and always tries to make sure that she cuts your hair based on what YOU want. And then she asked me if I wanted to get a line-up and such. Normally, I never do line-ups cause I thought I would look weird with them but she proved me wrong! The funny thing about this place is that they have some sort of menu specifying the price of each style of haircut. Fauxhawk was $13 while a normal men's cut is $11. Very creative and original. The reason why I subtracted a star for my review was that because on my second visit, I was about 4 heads behind the barber(very popular I suppose), and then one of the gentleman that work there told me that the people in front of me set appointments so that I should get my cut with another Hispanic lady(don't know her name). She was very courteous and an above average barber but I wasn't too impressed with my hair. Don't get me wrong, if I was under pressure and strict schedule, I would have her cut my hair. But if I didn't consider those factors, I would take the lady who cut my hair the first time. Nevertheless, expect to see me here again!
1	Went here because all of the reviews seemed great. And being new to Las Vegas we decided to try it out. My boyfriend always gets the same haircut, number one on the side and finger length on top with a nice fade. We got Gaylon who is a very old and nice man but unfortunately gave the worst haircut I have ever seen!!!! Sides are all uneven, the back is horrible and he tried to let my bf out of the chair with a big line where the fade was supposed to be. My bf as sweet as he is tried to coach Gaylon into doing it correctly but to no avail. We decided to just say ok looks good so that he still had hair!! I would give 0 stars if yelp allowed it. Now off to another local barber to see if they can fix it.
5	Aw shooooot I really like going to Nelson's Barber Shop. They don't take appointments, ca$h only,  closed only Sunday, and never is a real long wait. My favorite cutter is Minh, shes tight like her sharp razors that give me an excellent cut, fade, taper, and (insert barber technique). Always takes her time to make sure everything is to my liking, offers suggestions, works fast, and uh she doesn't smell. It took me a real long time to find someone I was comfortable with and didn't cost AYCE sushi money. I can see myself going here for years just like the fellas that hang out at barber shops in the movies.
5	As some have said before, Nelson's is great. Cash only the first time caught me off guard so I had to use their ATM but no biggie.I have been to quite a few salons and whatnot but none were comparable to Nelsons. For how much you pay, you can't get a cleaner cut elsewhere, at least not that I've found.Sometimes the wait can be long due to no appointments but the wait is worth it for me. Plus they use a razor at the end to give you that clean edge you know you want. Can't beat it.Tip: you can call ahead and put your name on the waitlist for your favourite cutter ahead of time so you don't wait too long when you get there.
3	I'm giving Nelson's 3 stars than a 4. Wait time: 1 starHaircut: 4 starsAtmoshphere: 3 starsFriendliness: 5 starsDo expect to wait at least an hour to an hour and a half if you go on weekends. They're closed on Sundays.If you don't know what clippers they're supposed to use on your hair, you can let them know what hairstyle you want. Best way to do it is to bring a picture. Of course, consider the shape of your head. Not everyone can be Matt Bomer. From their, they can let you know what clipper number to use when you come back for your next haircut.Close shave! Well, not on my face cause I'm still 15 and can't grow facial hair. However they will do a close shave to line the back of your neck and side burns. Expect to get a mini-massage too.All of them a great. You can't go wrong if you go to a different barber. Cash only! If you don't have cash, don't be that fool, leave your watch as collateral, get cash from ATM and come back. Go play in a Chinatown parking lot.
4	My boyfriend wasn't sure if anyone was able to cut his "black" hair when he walked in, because no one looked like him. But he didn't leave. One of the ladies took care of him and he enjoyed how she cut him. He said the best people to work on his hair end up being females anyway!
4	Place is not bad. I usually ask for a medium fade and a number uptop. Not the greatest with scissors here but for the price of fade quality especially with a nice shave around the edges afterwards its worth it. The females in this shop are the best barbers. Call ahead of time.
5	The haircut and shave were perfect.  The barber took her time and did the warm shaving cream and hot towel...the whole nine yards!  I was there on a weekday and the wait time wasn't very long at all.  Will be back.
2	Got in quickly, haircut was fast, price was cheap ($12)Mediocre haircut at best.  My guy seemed retarded.  No blood or bald patches though so that's a plus.
3	Needed a haircut...**Crosses fingers** Yelp app, don't fail me now!It led me to Nelson's. A 4-star rating and in close proximity to where I was working was enough for me to come on in. Upon entering, I saw a woman cutting a dude's hair and an old man sleeping on a chair. Uh oh. That old man was to be my barber. I think if he didn't have an amazing mane on his head, I would've waited for the woman. He eventually woke up and got to cutting with not one bit of chatter and a disgruntled, unfriendly 'tude. I'm not sure why he was upset, but the dude was tossing towels around and breathing all hard on me. Awkward. He ended up doing a decent job (most barbers get a bit heavy handed), but I couldn't get out of there quick enough. The place has plenty of chairs, but only two were people working (given it was a Monday at Noon), so I can tell why there might be a wait on the weekends. Plus, it took about 25 min to do a fade, which seems excessive. For $12, it's a deal, but I might try a few more places out around town before coming back to this old school joint. If I wanted to feel awkward in a chair for 30min, I'd go out to dinner with my ex-wife.**Note: I have no ex-wife.
4	Just tried out this barber shop for the first time today. Overall, I was very impressed. Minh was my barber, she asked me what I wanted and didn't take any liberties to do it a different way than I wanted(some barbers tend to think they know what you want more than you do). She was very friendly and seemed to enjoy her work. Nice clean cut with a great straight shave to  wrap it up. At $13, a great value compared to a Supercuts or Great Clips. I had about a 30 min wait as a walk in but was well worth it.
5	I love this place. Great prices great service and great people. Hieu and Mihn are awesome, my sons even like to get their haircut at Nelson. Call an hour in advance to get on the list so you dont have to wait long for a cut and shave.
4	I have a little brother who is strangely picky about how his hair looks and Nelson's is the only place that he has been continually happy with. I either have my brother go to Nelson himself, his wife, or his sister in law. I willllllll admit, yes, you might have communication troubles here because it is a Vietnamese owned shop and if there are other Vietnamese people sitting in the chairs waiting, they will tend to have loud conversations. Sorry, that is how my people are! LOL. But hey, you will walk out looking like a million bucks ;)They do a complimentary straight shave afterwards that I my brother gets low-key worried about when it gets to that part, but he does end up loving it everytime.Nelson's definitely has our business.Tips: - CASH ONLY- Either bring reading material or have a fully charged phone because peak hours come with a wait time.
5	Walked in on a weekday, wait was about 15 minutes. Got my haircut from THE Nelson (was oddly pumped about that), showed him a picture of what I wanted on my phone - he glanced at it for about three seconds. Put it down and he went to work... he didn't even need another glance to deliver exactly what I wanted.This dude has honed his craft and I'll for sure be back. Came out to $13, but that cut was so spot on I threw him a 50% tip and gave him a $20 spot.
5	Nelson is the bomb, everytime I go they make me feel like a king. My sons and I will not go anyplace else.
5	My husband is EXTREMELY picky with his hair. He used to get his haircut from a friend for years because she was the only who knew how to cut it the way he likes it. She quit cutting hair to pursue another carrer, so he tried different barbers with no luck. So we turned to Yelp and found Nelson's. Being conveniently located he decided to try them and he liked them. His fade was really neat and even. No lines or bald spots.
