4	Deep in the south side of the city lies Lidl, a mecca for bargain hunters and skint folk alike. This supermarket does for food what the pound shop does for household goods - stack 'em high and sell 'em low. Given its budget status and bargain basement ethos, Lidl does actually sell lots of things that I like to buy (e.g. decent jamon serrano, nice olives, rye bread) at ridiculously low prices. Admittedly some of the brands look a little dodgy and I'm not going to be snapping up Eastern European tins of nondescript vegetables anytime soon, but on the whole it makes for a great alternative to the proliferation of over-priced Tesco Expresses.
4	Lidl is cheap. Fact. You come here for the cheap products which often don't even have English on the label. No problem with that. There are constant deals on and as expected it's quite a shabby place - the shop assistants do look on the verge of severe depression and I don't really blame them really. The lighting doesn't help, neither does the bad airing system (too many unwashed bodies in one small place). But as I emphasised the low prices are quite appealing. Mind you not everything is a bargain, some of the more famous brands you might find a few pennies cheaper elsewhere. Then there are the "alternative" brands of the same thing. If you have taken upon yourself to do that evenings flats dinner then this is the place for you.
4	I am a fan of all things German and Lidl definitely is no exception, they have fabulous bargains, great products and although it isn't super shiny or modern it does the job if you're looking for a bargain shop.I usually always pop in for some Kinder Bars as they are just so addictive and Lidl always have them on offer. I've also noticed that they pretty much always have multipack cans of Coke and Irn Bru at ridiculously cheap prices so is perfect if you're a little parched and heading to the park with a big group.Lidl is permanently full with students picking up bits and bobs for the weekly shop but you really can't complain with the bargain prices offered here.
4	Have you every tried their peach loops? They're addictive.I feel the same way as previous yelpers...when I come in here I always question my actions. Once i'm in though, it's fine! I always giggle to myself at the names I can't pronounce and the chicken that's probably Seagull.All in all, it's a cheap supermarket and don't expect anything more than that.
3	I personally wouldn't do a full shop here as I like a few more British brands among the food I buy, but Lidl does have a lot of really good bargains. The milk is much cheaper than you will get in the other supermarkets, bar Farmfoods and the fruit and veg section is also great. There has to be a special mention to the security guard of the place however, he situates himself behind a pillar, has a bottle of Irn-bru in his back pocket and is always reading the daily star when I see him!The store can however become quite busy all of a sudden and it does take members of staff quite a while to actually come and open another till when another shop assistant rings the bell requesting extra help.
4	Great bargains, quality food, friendly service and really good when you need a lot of food but are low on funds.There's definitely always something interesting and new to try as well.Don't really like the store layout, but I guess I'll get used to it. My kids seem to think some of the breakfast cereal smells like fish, so that's one thing I don't buy from there. hehe
4	It's a Lidl. It has cheap as chips stuff from other parts of the world. I particularly enjoy walking around and trying to pronounce all of the names of things I don't recognise out loud so as to confuse those nearby. Unfortunately because this Lidl is situated on the MOST INSANELY CRAZY NEDDY STREET IN EDINBURGH I just come off as being slightly taller than your usual mentalist. The produce is varied but usually good quality and you can get some good deals. There is Herring at a very reasonable price which I LOVE so that's a bonus. I recommend going here for all your sauces as they have most of them in large containers and it doesn't feel like you're breaking the bank. Apart from herring I don't really buy meat from here, mainly because I worry that it might be human meat, and I don't really want any MORE Creutzfeldt-Jakob. Pro's include:1) Herring2) cheap condiments3) Cheap dried everything4) Good veg and fruitCons include:1) Everyone on the street is insane2) Generally there are many confused people bumbling about3) The ques are fairly long sometimes 4) the pressure you feel under to pack your stuff insanely fast, although as I like competition this is also a pro. So all in all - good when you're poor! Or want Herring.Seriously though I had to break up a fight between two Jakies outside the bloody place.
4	Wait. What the? Why haven't I? I mean, how?Yeah I was a bit confused when I came to Lidl recently to get some supermarket food essentials (sausage, greek yoghurt, vegetables) and I discovered just how much produce there is, and how cheap it is. Yes, I already knew Lidl was considered good value. But if I'm honest I also thought (for some reason unknown to me) that it was more like Farmfoods and had a lot of frozen, and lot of dry packaged food but also rather unhealthy.No no. There is so much fresh fruit and veg, and so many fridges with dairy, juices and meat. And it was CHEAP. Yeah ok, I'm beating a dead horse here. You all already  knew this. But I've just discovered it and I feel like beating myself over not discovering this earlier.So I think I'll be doing a lot more of my shopping from Lidl. And let's face it, continental countries biscuits always taste better don't they?
4	The produce is good (cheap savoy cabbage, large sacks of oranges, cute little red onions), and I haven't had any problems so far with any of the other things I've bought (the master crumble cereal, the jarred morello cherries, the chopped up bits of bacon, the cheddar cheeses). There is also an exceptional baked goods section, where you can buy pain au chocolat, cinnamon swirls and the pecan braids for 39p each, and yummy little crunchy cheesy breads for 29p each. Whenever I need anything, I always skip Tesco and go straight to Lidl (or farmfoods, or maqbools). The only thing stopping me from buying more things here is my limited carrying capacity. I am way too cheap to spend 3p on a bag, and I only have so many pockets.
