4	One downside of living in Edinburgh is that it has a very limited supply of beaches, however if you venture down to Portobello then a beach will be found! On a hot Summer's day this is one of the best places to chill out. The beach is round a mile long, so it does indeed get quite busy when the temperature is boiling! The beach is surprisingly sandy, but beware, at some areas it can be quite stony underfoot! For entertainment, there are a variety of bars, hotels, ice cream shops and even a swimming centre (If you're afraid of the Firth of Forth!). Just a couple of minutes walk is the main high street of Portobello where there are many more shops for snacks and drinks! Buses run frequently from the area up to the city centre so you will not be stuck for getting back. Portobello beach is brilliant and having a beach on your doorstep in the city is a bonus!
4	If you can get past the used condoms, HIV infected needles, raw sewage, broken glass, and cold, rainy, windy weather, then yes I suppose Portobello Beach is indeed a pretty cool place to chill out. Not being a huge lover of either disease or sub-zero temperatures however, I prefer my living room.In all seriousness, it does have it's charms located in a quaint and old-fashioned suburb of the city, and it's surprising how many of Edinburgh's residents are either unaware or just uninterested in it's existence. Like many seaside resorts, Portobello is no longer the bustling hub of activity it once was, and it was a shame to see the (admittedly crap) funfair disappear, but as a pretty relic of a bygone age, the beach and this part of town in general aren't bad at all.
4	If you can get past the litter and the loitering teenagers, Portobello is a wee delight!Essentially it's a mini seaside in the suburbs of the city - a 20 minute bus ride from the centre and you're there.  Set on the open banks of the Forth, there is a long stretch of sand, an amusement arcade, a chippy, sea and a Wimpy. And as for sun? Well, if you're lucky! You are in Scotland after all. It's easy to forget that when you're enwrapped in the seaside feel of Portobello, but nevertheless it's still a bit chilly!I would advise against visiting at night and it's not the most glamourous area in the world, but it's still quaint, old fashioned and a lot of fun for the kids. It's in a reputable enough area and there is a wee shop around the corner for the beach where you can buy a bucket and spade. So what are you waiting for? Wade in!
4	Portobello's beach can be one of the best places to come with you pals when the weather's fine. In the Summer it offers the perfect opportunity to pick up some rays, go for a swim (if you're brave enough), build some sand castles, or generally just chill out!The beach front is littered (literally as well unfortunately) with with bars, ice cream vans and shops, amusement arcades and fish and chips shops and offers an authentic seaside resort trip, without even leaving the city!The beach can get a bit cramped in certain parts when the sun does come out, but if you walk towards southwards, towards Joppa, you will find that the beach is cleaner, and that there are less people.
4	I think this is a place that Edinburgers forget about. But when it was 22 degrees and I was looking for a cheap and cheerful idea, I thought LETS HUNT RAZORCLAMS ON PORTOBELLO!So I brought some salt.. apparently it is used as a tool to catch them.Okay.... so I didn't catch any THIS TIME, but I won't give up. Even with the disappointment of not catching my dinner, I still had an enjoyable time at Portobello beach. It would benefit from a couple pubs with a sea-side view.. but oh well! The beach was pretty clean when I went, so that was nice. I even got to draw something in the sand, and instead of confessing my love to my boyfriend.. i chose my mom and dad, "Hi Mom and Dad"! I think they liked that photo.Fun day at Portobello.
4	Decisions, decisions. A weekend of sun and a big decision to make - beach or park? Now, you can go to the park any day of the week but really, when its 'proper' sunny it should be the beach.Portobello beach didn't disappoint! A huge stretch, and man made but a lovely sandy beach, no shingle. A long promenade runs the full length and I'm told makes a great walk (I was way too lazy for that). Now I was expecting to have to return home after 10 minutes due to the east coast wind (spent a sunny day at North Berwick last year and I swear polar bears in the North Pole were warmer than I was) but it was lovely with just a slight breeze, meaning 3 hours were spent dozing in the sun and gaining a few freckles. I didn't brave the water, though some did - maybe one for a warmer day.Get to the beach early as the wind starts to build by late afternoon, and once the teenagers descend and start playing frisbee, touch rugby or wrestling, then personal space is invaded and they start casting shadows affecting exposure to the sun - grrr...Its a great sunny spot and there are plenty of cafes etc for beach snacks if you've not made up your own picnic - sand in your piece's though surely is all part of the fun!
4	Highlight of one beach trip... jellyfish!The beach and promenade are a bit grubby and tacky, but you are not fooled into thinking you are off to the Scottish version of Barbados. It does exactly what it says on the tin, it has sand and a lovely view out into the sea. My tip for visiting is to have pretty low expectations, have your wellies on and wrap up warm, then you'll have a whale of a time!
4	Only a few beaches in Scotland are nicer.- Ok there are more, but how many are around the capital?  This is a local beach and not the sunniest. What is great is the vastness of it as you can see Fife, Joppa, Musselburgh and Leith. When the weather allows sunbathing and bbq this is a true pleasure beach. At other times you walk the dog, jog, fly a kite or build a campfire for Hogmanay. There a several places you can relax alongside the promonade, but the Dalradia House is the local's and visitor's favourite. It is a beach that is clean, which is important to mention as there is a sewage treatment plant that has no effect on its cleanliness! There is many opportunities for watersports and beach sports: Volleyball, canoe, jetski, sandbuggy, kite-gliding etc..In the evenings it is very tranquil and the shore laps will send you to sleep. - I love every aspect of this beach.
3	I went  here today with my other half, expecting... I'm not sure exactly what. It was sunny, I had heard Portobello was a traditional seaside spot,  and I do miss the sea back in the  west country. Arriving at Portobello high street, we wondered whether we had stepped into the wrong neighbourhood. It just seemed like another part of suburbia. We walked towards the sea expecting beautiful views across to sea and a pretty promenade, it wasn't exactly as we'd hoped. There was a wimpy, a bankrupt amusement arcade, a sad looking children's play park, and a couple of chippies. Out to sea was pleasant on the left, with a view of the mouth of the firth of forth and an island, touched by sunlight. The view on the right was slightly less appealing, a powerpant and a few skyscrapers, which coincidentally were in the 'shadowlands'. The sea itself was nice enough, though really nothing too special, considering how many beautiful beaches there are in Scotland (think the West coast and the outer Hebrides)! Portobello is a bit on the grey side. After strolling along the beach and the promenade, feeling a zillion existential questions as we read the information board with the history of the beach, its former glory and its post-war degradation, we decided to get some chips.  We got the chips from a place which promised "only vegetable oil used, we then recycle the oil as biofuel". Cool. The staff were lovely, the ethics fantastic, but unfortunately these chips weren't that great taste-wise. Given that we had a day ticket and at least 4 hours left of sunlight we decided to go to the shore, which was infinitely nicer (though admittedly not a beach). On a sunny day I'd be much more inclined to head to the meadows or Holyrood park.
3	edinburgh is a city blessed with many beautiful scenic areas from parks to extinct volcanos to beaches.  portobello beach is one of those lovely scenic areas that has a mix of victorian granduer and slightly run down modern day arcade parks and play parks.  the mix of these two sort of leaves me with rather mixed feelings about the whole area.i do like portobello beach.  it has a lovely wide promenade that is great for cycling or running along.  but there are also a number of rather run down looking chip shops and a sad looking arcade and a few play parks that have seen better days.  then there is also the newer cafes that are clearly trying to reinvirgorate portobello's original grandeur.  on those few rare warm and sunny days the beach is packed with families in swim suits building sandcastles and even attempting to swim in the freezing cold water!  the promenade is packed with people with ice creams and cold drinks.  it's a great vibe but i'm not convinced it's my sort of vibe.  so portobello beach is a-ok and a place i will continue to use for cycling or runs, but maybe not somewhere i'll frequent on a sunny day.
3	This used to be a real dirty and messy beach according to the locals, now the local council have specialist equipment to sift the beach of 70% of the rubbish left behind by the beach goers it is sad in a way as when you leave you see that the bins are half empty and the beach is full of rubbish at the end of the day. I saw a lot of nails and deadly spikes left behind by barbeques and people playing volley ball. This place gets real busy at the weekend, and warm days with cafe's nearby selling ice cream and cold drinks. Sadly there is nothing grand here as the tacky amusement arcade's have moved in.
1	A very depressing place. Despite being here on a sunny day, I had a very miserable experience. The sand is quite dirty and so is the water and the rest is just a collection of old buildings reminding me of Blackpool on a smaller scale. The view is not even that nice because of many industrial buildings scattered around the coast of the firth. Ther is a general feeling of run down and decadence about this place, particularly if you walk on the promenade.
3	I like Portobello Beach, and it's very popular, but I think that both of those things are primarily based on the location of the beach (ie: the proximity to town) rather than the actual quality of the beach itself.  it's a relatively thin strand of sand with views of the Prestonpans (ish) power station and a windy countenance.  Beaches are breezy, but even on some of the hottest days of the year I've had to get on long sleeves at Portobello.You can see echoes of the Victorian splendor it used to hold on the beachfront - with stunning houses and a few great places to visit like the swim center with Turkish bath and the pub Dalriada.  The local Wimpey burger is now a S Luca, selling pretty rotten burgers and chips, and the attached arcade looks pretty sad.  So for a city beach it's totally A-OK, but don't come here expecting anything to take your breath away - unless it's the icy temperature of the water.
4	Great local beach . Can get super crowded and people there  don't seem to know how to pick up their own trash . Thankfully the council picks up after them. Other then that when its clean its great. Be sure to watch out for doggie land-mines people don't seem to pick up after their dogs in this country either.
