1	I have tried bubble tea from dozens of shops. However, the one I got from this shop had to be the worst. The bubbles were hard and the milk tea was SUPER bitter and watery. I can't speak to the quality of the pastries because I didn't try any.
2	My fiance and I went here for a late night snack.  I ordered the BBQ noodle soup.  The noodles were kind of like instant noodles out of a package of noodles that you can buy at any supermarket, and the BBQ pork did not taste good.  My fiance ordered pastry only. She ordered an elongated pastry with whipped cream running down tge length of it and two don tots (egg custard pastry).  The elongated pastry tasted great.  The don tot tasted so so.I only had one dish, and it was not good, but their pastries tasted okay.  Their waitresses were average at best.  They did their jobs, but they were not very friendly.If I went back here again, I would only go back to try their different pastries.
4	The ladies here don't have any time for your lip!  However, they do make a bangin' bubble tea here for a decent price.  My favorite is the Lemon Green Tea, and I ask for less sugar.  I recommend asking for less sugar and you will find that you cab taste the beverage flavor.Once they had cookies that were made with XO sauce, so I just had to buy them.  They tasted exactly like super sweet XO sauce.  In case you don't know what that would taste like,  it is sweet dried seafood with a strong dark soy taste.  It was pretty bad, but I just had to give it a whirl. They also have full entrees of Hong Kong style diner foods here, like stew on rice and curry chicken on rice.  I will definitely hit up the HK diner menu next time we are in town.
3	Nice Chinese bakery. I only sampled their buns -- red bean, green bean, taro filling. Prices were decent (around $1 per bun, give or take some cents), and they were as good as the baked Chinese goods I get in San Francisco. I like their orange paper pastry cups--makes for cleaner removal compared to what I usually get. The thin paper I see in SF sometimes leaves residue on its bread once peeled off.
3	This place has a nice fancy french name. It had a lot of different Chinese pastries and buns. We bought a lot of different things to have and try and to have as a snack and breakfast. It was good and decent. You can compare it to like Fay Da in NYC.
2	I've been here at least twice, and both times consistently 'meh'. The buns were fine, but the bubble tea was way too sweet. I asked if it was possible to get black tea in my mango flavored bubble tea (which, as one would expect, often contains actual TEA), and the person working there snidely replied "Umm no, we don't put tea in juice" as if I was making an unreasonable request. So basically they don't serve bubble tea, they serve juice, according to their staff.Also, questions regarding sanitation. I asked someone working there where I could find some tongs, and she pointed to a pile of dirty one grouped together on a counter. Those were the only tongs available.My suggestion: go to Harmonie or L2 for real (and good) bubble tea, and Harmonie has great pastries without the attitude. Not sure what the point of being rude is when you have so much competition 2 doorstops away! It just pisses people off and makes their dining experience unpleasant. Why would you want your restaurant to be associated with that? Won't be going back.
3	This place has a French name, but a Csoul. It has a good selection of Chinese buns and pastries. For 1$, the chicken bun I had was warm and tasted as well as I expected.They offer a large selection of teas and bubble teas that are as good as most places around.The service is a bit below average and sometimes the place does not seem as clean as it could be.
3	Great selection of pastries, I tried the sesame ball, the cream bun, and the three type bun (red bean, green bean, and coconut). The servings are very generous for the price, I've been to several Chinatowns on the East Coast and this one seems to have the cheapest bakeries so far. I also had an almond bubble tea, the tapioca was a little hard and the tea wasn't the greatest, so I recommend going elsewhere if you need a beverage.
4	Great pastries at reasonable prices. The interior is very lovely, a nicer bakery. I love their vanilla sponge cakes, so huge and very cheap. Great noodle dishes as well. Reminds me of the bakeries in Flushing and Chinaown, NY. Really great bakery, extremely cheap.
4	Although I have never tried their food and many poor reviews thx to their food. I am only rating the sweets and Bubble tea. My kids love this place for the bubble tea and my wife for the desserts.
4	Excellent variety of delicious pastries at very good prices. In NYC the items we purchased would have been at least 4 times as expensive and half as good. Everything we got was tasty and I was amazed by the prices as well. We will definitely go back here earlier in the day next time as they were out of some things we wanted to try by the end of the evening.
3	This bakery is located in Montreal's little Chinatown.  Arrived here late at night, and it was not our first choice.  The other bakery we went to was sold out of just about everything.  Patisserie La Legende still had plenty of good looking choices.This is what we bought:2/$1 mini egg tarts.  Great value and tasted pretty good.  (3 stars)$1 regular size egg tarts.  Good value and tasted okay also.  (3 stars)$1.30 Brioche custard filled buns.  Fair price for a decent bun.  (3 stars)$1.30 Chinese beignets (donuts) on a skewer.  Not too bad.  ( 3 stars)Taro drink is used with powder.  Boba did not taste fresh.  (2 stars)The girl put our purchases in an oily stained box even after I told her not to the first time.  Well, at least it was the least stained box after looking at all the other plain white boxes they had.I probably would not return here again in the future.  Although, they are cheaper than our favorite Chinese bakery in Montreal.....the quality and taste of their baked goods are just not as good.  Maybe their restaurant located in the back is better, though.
