4	For the price, this is a great 24 hour "just the basics" place to workout. Tons of ellipticals, bikes and treadmills! Plenty to go around, even during peak hours (3-7). -2 Stair climbers-Multiple benches to use with free weights-A good variety of workout machines for abs, upper and lower body. I guess you could say that this place has pretty much anything you can ask for if you just looking to workout (No pool, no sauna, no b-ball courts).It's always clean, including the bathrooms! I really enjoy heading in here on Sundays---I feel like this place is dead (I've been the only person in here before on a Sunday morning). The staff does on site training (but it costs extra) if your interested!Lots of TV's! A nice sized shared parking lot!A good trail leads to this parking lot, and I live in the neighborhood, so I enjoy having the opportunity to ride my bike or run to go work out here. They do have a bike rack! Why I'm not giving it 5 stars---It is not month to month payments (I had to sign a contract for minimum 2 years). But I have been a member now for at least 1.5 years and still happy, so no complaints about that for me.
4	Love this place.  I just joined about a week ago and have nothing but great service.I signed up with Brad.  He is one of the top people there and super informative.  He walked me through the process and answered all my questions quick and easy.  Honestly, it took less than twenty minutes (even with getting my key fob).The security is fantastic.  After the staff goes home, only members can get in with the a key fob.  The place is well lit and there is usually someone in there.  The cardio/free weight/jump rope area is a bit small.  If someone is in there jumping rope, it is pretty much unusable to for other people.  It is just a tight space, but alas, the jump ropers have nowhere else to go.  I love the treadmills! You can sign in, create a profile or just enjoy cable on the machine.  I will admit, watching tv and working out are my perfect combination.  For example, instead of sitting home and watching the Golden Globes, I got to watch them on the treadmill!There are bikes with pre-set workouts.  I have not tried them yet.  There are a ton of machines and a lifting area.  This place pretty much gives you everything you need.There are a few bathrooms, changing areas and showers.  These are ALWAYS clean.There are no lockers, only cubbies.  I get that the place is small and pretty safe but leaving my keys in the cubby always worries me.  It would be nice to have a few mini electronic lockers.
4	I just joined and am very excited!The manager was awesome. He answered all of our questions honestly. You could tell he was trying to sell us, but addressed our concerns honestly, weighed them with the benefits, and assured us he would be there to help in any way he could. He also gave us space to talk (I joined with my boyfriend) when the time came. He's a doll. We told him about our really uncomfortable experience with Princeton Club and he told us he hears it a lot. I am not surprised. One major concern I had about going to a gym was safety. I have heard horror stories about girls getting harassed. He told me about a story from this gym. One of his trainers was getting hit on by a patron. He wasn't aggressive, but made her feel uncomfortable. She mentioned something and the manager pulled the guy aside. He said he very politely said there had been a concern about his behavior. The guy was rude about it so they cancelled his membership and asked him not to come back. I love it! A zero tolerance policy, is what he communicated to me. This was very important to me. You get a free full workout, body analysis, and workout planning session with a personal trainer. The club manager is also there during certain hours to offer advice, instruction, or even just a spot. He said he is happy to give any workout advice he can. He admitted he is not as qualified as the personal trainers for that kind of thing, but his time is free, so whatever. Fine by me! After my free session with the trainer, I will probably buy a few more since I am a novice to the gym world. But for ongoing tips and general fitness coaching, I love that there is someone I can talk to.The bathrooms and showers were few but very clean and private. Same with the tanning beds. Big fan of the tanning available and a few tanning lotions sold on sight for a reasonable price.There is a ton of equipment. They also have these cool bikes where you can race each other, essentially a human Mario Kart, complete with steering and shifting gears. Love it!All of their cardio equipment have built in TVs and preset workouts and their spinning style bike have virtual trainers that instruct you and cheer you on. So cool.I was disappointed they did not offer fitness classes. However, at their Monona location, which is reasonably close to my house (just a mile farther than this one), they have a virtual class which is cool. You go in this booth and choose a class and there you go. The motivation and variety without the embarrassment of other people? I'll take it.Minus one star on this club because it is quite tiny. The free weight and stretching areas are small. There are only 2 showers. Just a little extra square footage would have done wonders for the space. I am a little claustrophobic so I would have been happy with a little more open space, or even just high ceilings.Excited to get started!
