5	Since moving to the Las Vegas area, I was desperately looking for a pizza place that reminded me of some of my favorites from L.A.; especially North Hollywood's Joe Peep's. Going by online rankings, I tried Aurelios and Papreza, but I've just never been a fan of the Chicago-style deep dish which, to me, wrongly favors the crust over the toppings. Metro Pizza got a little closer but the pizza wasn't as distinctive as the charm of the restaurant itself; basically Vegas' equivalent to Shakey's. Then I found Jesse's and I felt like I was home.. Lots of cheese? Check. Great and thick sauce? Check. Great toppings? You bet. Mind you, I've still had better pizzas and lord knows I will never find another equivalent to Peeps (I even tried in New York), but Jesse's is the best in Vegas, hands down.
5	really good thin NY style pizza
5	Jesses is good thin crust pizza. The ingredients always taste fresh and not greasy! I love this place! Plus the people are nice, and they have a good house salad with (i think) home made ranch.  yum!
5	I will be honest, I was going to just get some Papa Johns to be safe, but after seeing the Yelps on Jesse's I had to give it a try. Damn glad I did.I had their large supreme and loved the thin crust and high quality ingredients.  It will feed 3-4 hungry guys if you get some appetizers.  We got the chicken fingers done with medium sauce and loved them. Their garlic cheese bread is a hoagie bun sliced, so not large, but oh so delicious.This place is the best. If you are in thier delivery area there is no other option, not sure about dining in.
2	Ok , I know some people are gonna disagree with me, but I was so disappointed in Jesse's Pizza. After reading the Yelp reviews my husband and I (both NY natives) couldn't wait to try this place. When we pulled up and went into the small take out style pizzeria, the smell had our mouths watering. They had a great special going, $5.01+tax for a 16 inch cheese pizza. We bought 2 pies and went home to enjoy. To our dismay , the crust was tough, there was not enough sauce and cheese on the pie... and the taste was average. Don't get me wrong, its not terrible and for $5 its not a bad deal. However NY style pizza "it ain't"! Its thin, buts the sauce & cheese distribution on the crust is insufficient and the pie is not even greasy! If you know NY style pizza, then you know about flavor factor of the grease. When you fold a slice of NY style pizza in NY.....the grease drips on your paper plate. If you want NY style pizza.....keep looking.I'm just sayin!
3	This is a thin crust pizza with a somewhat average flavor. It is however a very good deal and we fed our entire volleyball team for next to nothing. We spent about $60 for 5 16 " pepperoni pizzas and 2 trays of Caesar salad.
4	Why does there always have to be a sad story to every new great pizza discovery - "Jesse, you're on the wrong side of town." I was over at a friend's house when he suggested we grab one of their pies for lunch. He ordered a pepperoni pizza, scheduled for pickup.My friend must had ordered from there several times before. He either knew to ask for extra sauce or all of Jesse's pizzas come with extra sauce. I thought it had the perfect amount and I am quite sure it would not have been as good with less.The crust was perfectly seasoned and cooked; the pepperoni was plentiful (although extra pepperoni might be worth a try next time); and the sauce was right tasty. In short, it was an excellent pizza and an even better value at around $8.Hey Jesse - can you please (oh please) open a store in Summerlin? Until then, I will be making a lot of across town hunger trips (in college we used to drive 500 miles round-trip (after the bar closed of course) just to get a few slices at this great 24 hour pizza joint in Minneapolis).
5	This pizza is delicious. Thin (yet not crunchy) crust, thick slices of good quality mozzarella, yummy sauce, and the onions aren't overwhelming. And with a regular large cheese for $5.99, it's perfect!
3	The $5.99 Large Cheese pizza deal is a steal.  That being said, this isn't the greatest pizza out there but for that price, it was pretty good.  The pizza was big and the sauce to cheese ratio was good.  I also got Caesar Salad that I threw away because the lettuce was wilted and gross.  I wasn't too upset about it because of the cheap pizza.  It is definitely worth a stop if you're looking for a cheap pizza.
2	I know that others may disagree...but I was not impressed with the pizza at all.  A lot of the reviews are about the deal that they got...$5 for a pizza....and they would be correct.  That IS a great deal....but if you don't enjoy what you are eating....how good of a deal is it?  The crust was like cardboard (dry and tough) and there was not enough sauce on the pizza for our liking.  Personally, I would prefer to pay a little more for a great pizza....but that is just me.
4	$5 pizza! OMG Garlic Knots!!! We're fans for sure and will order again. We just moved into Henderson and have been exploring places around the house. The pizza is pretty good, wish I would've known it was a thin-crust though but it was still good. The order was exactly like we asked, so were the garlic knots (must try with the white sauce) and a salad. 10-15mins for the pizza as we sat outside waiting. Will order again definitely!Hours are all 11-9pm I believe everyday of the week. Wish you guys were open later than 9pm, least on Fridays/Saturdays, we'd go with you guys rather than someone else
2	Tried it once........... never again. Really not good. I've had better pizza at a gas station!
3	Pretty good pizza.  This place isn't far from my house, so I'll probably go back.  Not as good as my beloved Grimaldi's, but it's plenty good for the price.
4	My parent's love this place and now, so do I.  It is New York Style pizza (thinner crust and longer slices) very much like we got back home in NY.  Dont let their prices deceive you as it is pretty good!
5	The pick up special is an excellent deal, the sauce and cheese balance is perfect and the the crust is thin. It's pretty good and so are the garlic  knots. I much prefer this over the pizza across the parking lot .
4	7/15/12Located on the NW corner of Stephanie and Horizon Ridge. In the shopping center with Fresh & Easy next to Mi Peru and TaTa Bistro.Parking was ok at night but other business's were closed. The shop is kinda hidden in the back so you gotta be looking for it.A friend said they had a good NY style pizza and cheap, so I figured let's give em a shot to please my pizza desire.I called in and wanted to pick it up and take a look at the place.Ok so I showed up in 15 minutes and went to pickup my $5.99 special 16" cheese pizza. Trust me I was prepared with $7.99 worth if heartburn medicine. None needed.The place is really plain and could use some character and I mean like a poster lot statue or anything. No dining room, but had 1 small table inside but looked like a waiting for your food spot not to eat on.There were a few tables outside where you could eat if the weather happens to be tolerable.So I asked and the nice lady working said its mostly for pickup and they do delivery in Henderson for orders over $12 and there's a $3 delivery charge which is really reasonable.Pizza was like a regular NY pizza joint on the street all over USA.Ok final results - taste was good, pizza was fresh, hot, good sauce not too overwhelming, cheese average amount good coverage, crust medium texture on the thinner side and was easy to fold if you get down like that.Very Good overall for what it is and will repeat. Excellent value.
4	No nonsense, no frills, just place your order and pick up your pizza kind of place.  Service has always been consistent. Friendly and fast. Averages less than 20 minutes each time I have placed an order there. Pizza is NY style, thin crust, chewy texture. Sauce is smoother, slightly sweet,  not  the tomatoey tart canned kind. Cheese nicely brown and bubbly. Toppings are fresh, but I wish there was just a little more. I had mushrooms.  It's a big  plus though that they have kept their pizza at the same prices for years even when the cost of everything else has been creeping up. For what they charge heck ya it's great deal for good pizza that's made practically from scratch!
2	I wanted to like this place. Nice workers, small location....a little hard to find, especially at night and the store sign is not lit up.  Pizza was just ok...started out good, but after my first slice, there was nothing in its flavor or the dough that made me want to get more.  I guess once my hunger was gone, then I couldn't care less about this pizza.  Garlic knots were good, soft and buttery...yum.A good place to try at least once if you want to venture out of the "norm" to find good alternatives.... but in my case, I'm still searching.  Sorry, Jesse's, you all are not the one.
5	As good as Metro and half the price!Great Pizza and Sandwiches!
3	Jesse's pizza has its place among pizzerias. Better than Little Caesar's and Domino's, but not quite good enough to crave it on a regular basis. It's affordable and that's important when you have a family. However, they must have raised their prices recently. For a large half pepperoni, it was almost $ 8.50. I swear that same pizza was under $ 7.00 a few months ago. If they keep raising their prices, I'll go the other direction and go to Sunset Pizza instead.  What's that saying again? Pizza is like __, even when it's bad -it's good!  You fill in the blank- I need to keep it classy!
4	We saw Jesse's when we went to the Soggy Dog to give our pup a bath.  We'd already had dinner plans that night but made a note to try it the first chance we got.  I called in to order and was put on hold for a minute.  I ordered a large pie and garlic knots and the girl told me it would be about 20 minutes.  My husband picked it up and it was ready just under that.  The prices: amazing!  It's so hard to find a good deal these days but Jesse's offers their 16" pie for $6.99 every day!  The pizza: Sauce-to-cheese ratio was great.  The crust was very thin, but did not "sag" when folded.  Their homemade sauce was slightly sweet and pretty good.  For the price, this pie holds up well against some of its more expensive competitors.  The garlic knots: small (I love small garlic knots!), although soft with no crunch.  A little too buttery.  But matched with Jesse's homemade sauce, they're actually pretty good.  The shop: small place, no tables, pretty much all take-out (I think they do deliver locally for a fee).  If this is your local pizza place, go ahead and order from here on pizza night.  It'll be money well-spent :)
1	How can someone call this a pizza?  Saw the deals and reviews of how wonderful this place was so I had to try it.  When I got my pizza I was not sure of what I was looking at.  The crust was soggy, cheese not fully melted, and sauce was memorable in a bad way.  I guess I got what I paid for.
5	A LARGE PIZZA FOR $6.99, SAY WHAT?!That's right folks, how can you not give a place like that (5) stars.. OK, OK, there are some factors that could hinder such a fabulous rating, but not today.I must say mom and I thoroughly enjoyed our Jesse's Pizza experience.  We enjoyed garlic knots (could use more garlic, but eh, I'm Italian and there's never enough garlic in anything), and the pizza was fantastic especially considering the price.So we are not in NYC by any means but the ingredients were fresh, cheese was delis, toppings, and crust were beyond your $6.99 expectations.Mom's new digs leave us minutes away from this new little pizza joint-jem so with certainty we will be repeat carb offenders here at Jesse's Pizza.
3	I've been on a pizza kick ever since Slice of Vegas!! Unfortunately, that place is a drive and a half away, so Jesse's Pizza just has to do. Its pretty good- definitely much, much better than you would ever expect for a $6.99 pizza. (sidenote: How do they do it, you may ask? They overcharge for toppings. EDIT: $2.75 for extra cheese? Your argument is invalid.) Good sauce, good quality cheese, crust can be dry and boring if it's overcooked. Toppings have been consistently delicious. I love a good garlic knot, but the buttery/cheesy kind is what you'll get here. Not my favorite, but they're okay.900x better than Bistro, Rosati's and Metro, which is located just in front (and will charge me $10 for delivery, while Jesse's delivery charge is $3) Solid 3.5
4	Food was really good for the price.  We got a large cheese pie, large french fries, mozzerella sticks and a 8" meatball sub, delivered, for $22!  Awesome deal, good food, fast delivery.  Everything was still hot and crispy when it arrived.  I think we found our new go-to pizza place!
4	Good prices good food, great staff. Can't beat it, get the chicken ceaser salad or ham and cheese sandwich. Won't disappoint!
5	I love Jesse's pizza and am much happier giving them my business over Metro. My husband and I love the fact that they're a small, local place that turns out a great product. There's always something awesome about having a staff greet you by name with a smile. Not to mention, their prices can't be beat. You can't even get a frozen pizza at the grocery store as inexpensive as their large plain cheese.
1	So, I place an order at 4:04 and am told that it should be ready in 15-20 minutes.  I show up at 4:33 only to find out that my food was given to someone else.  Not sure  how I feel about this.We love the pizza and knots -- but the service level of giving your food to someone else and then telling you it will be another 15 minutes is a hearty load of crap.
3	Pretty good NY style pizza.My only complaint is that 3 out of 3 of our pizzas (mushroom, green pepper, and pepperoni & pineapple) were all very skimpy on the toppings. Could have at least doubled the toppings to get to the level of other places.Other than that, good pizza, good prices.
