2	Corporate headquarters for the company known as Bell Canada. If you have a Bell Mobility or Bell TV DSL line, here's where you should be providing your review.I am only in Canada for a few weeks and a pre-paid cell phone was the right choice so that I could get a bit of Internet and be able to make/receive calls. Choosing the phone at my local Wal-Mart wasn't a problem (though the US-based AT&T "Go Phone" is much cheaper) and deciding on the contract (or lack of) that I wanted was easy enough. After TWO calls to their tech support department, my phone was working.What really irritates me is that they do not provide any sort of statement for pre-paid users. Not paper, not online, nothing. How am I expected to know where my call credit is going if they can't give me a dang statement? When I'm done with this engagement, I'm done with this phone. If I come back to Canada again, I'll choose another provider.
1	company that is run by fucking idiots that hire fucking idiots that are still wearing diapers all happy to take your money and will find every excuses in the world to not solve your problems!they were my first high speed internet provider. it was good back then but i got fed up when they started making all those changes, capping the monthly limit, raising the price, having poor customer service. all that made me change provider.i still have their landline service as well as their tv service. when you don't have problems, its great. its when you need servicing that all hell break loose.if you're lucky (like calling at the right time of the day), you'll get a local rep to help you out which makes things passable as they are aware of problems outside your doing (like the weather being frightful) but if you happen to call in the wee hours, oh fuck! you're stuck with some overseas rep that doesn't give a shit and will end up blaming you for shit. happened a couple of times.. i wish i could be like sadako and reach through the phone (instead of the tv) and grab and smack whoever is on the other line until pigs fly!in summary: service, when it works, can be great. its when it doesn't work that just give you the urge to kill..future customer beware!
1	I've been with Bell well over 15 years for TV+Internet+Phone. Every year, the prices steadily rise for less services rendered.You'd think the last few years they'd change their game with the coming out of competition for Internet and TV but as a soulless corporate giant, they will not change until they truly have to. I'm not talking about their brother company Videotron that barely tries to compete with Bell and maintain a strong oligopoly going but newer services like TechSavvy and Netflix that provide soooo much more for much less.Recently, I wanted to upgrade to Fibe... did I know it would be such an unwanted challenge? Is it available in my area? Yes. Great, start the process to upgrade, need a new PVR... alright. I bought my old one, which I cannot sell off to someone else... I need to buy the new one.... how much? $500. I'm sorry, what? $500. WOW!How much do new subscribers pay for it? $0Yep $0.Sure it's an * as the promo is $15 month rental fee that is waived off for new subscribers.... but loyal customers? $500 or $15/month.Insane.Did I also mention how terrible their services are when trying to talk to them on the phone with customer service that can barely speak in a language I can understand?I don't want to strain myself trying to understand you on the phone, particularly when trying to understand long term contracts I might be signing up to.Guess, I'll have to call their retention services and see what they'll offer me when I'll cancel my services. I always seem to have better luck there.Shame on you for not giving a damn about your actual clients Bell.
