4	*Quick *Pleasant Service*Inexpensive for a generous amount of food *The best overall tasting Chinese I have found thus far in the Casa Grande Area!
3	This is your typical small Chinese place, but it's my favorite in Casa Grande. Nothing special, but it's inexpensive and a convenient call ahead place to grab lunch when I'm working.
4	Family style bean curd, FTW!  It's so freaking good here and is only $4.95 (or so) for a lunch special.  Order it extra spicy.I wasn't too fond of the hot and sour soup.  They do give you a plate of Chinese chips and salsa (ha!), ala crunchy noodles and sweet and sour sauce.  Portion size is pretty decent.  The amount of rice they give in the lunch special is a little small but I have been here when they've asked me if I wanted more rice and given it to me.  The tofu was awesome.  Big cubes, stir fried with a spicy brown sauce and a variety of veggies.  Next time I'll give the Ma Po tofu a spin.With a drink and tip, I got out of there dropping about $8 bucks which isn't bad for a lunch special.
5	Big Wa is excellent! This is one of my and my husband's favorite restaurants in the area. We were thrilled to find a restaurant that serves great Chinese food in a relaxed atmosphere. The staff is friendly and helpful, and the portions are huge (we always have leftovers).I like to try different dishes on the menu, while my husband sticks to his favorites (he loves the Obama noodles with shrimp). The house fried rice and General Tso's chicken are really good. We love the food, the people, and the reasonable prices. We'll definitely be back for more! :-)
3	I'm like this place because, we always seem to have Chinese here because the food is good! Servings size is nice and offer a nice variety of foods! Very nice staff but, they will need to get a bigger place and work on ambiance!
4	What a great find! Service is great and friendly. Food was outstanding. Price is right. Maybe the best in Casa Grande.
5	Since the first time I found this restaurant, they never dissapointed me. They cooked really fast and tasted always good! They are also friendly, nice, remember what I ordered on the last visit, the price is average! My favorite are beef curry and ice green tea!!! Yummm!!! At lunch, you will get lunch package for $5! Its like happy hour with full beef/ pork and rice!! Awsome!!
4	Good Chinese food at a reasonable price. Staff is friendly and service is great. Small dine in but always seems to have seats available. Our favorites: War Won ton Soup, Pork Fried Rice and Sesame Chicken. We go back often and have plenty of leftovers for the next day at home. Yum.
1	Okay, this is hard for me, but the service this time was bad enough to warrant this. I have always been a fan of Big Wa. I have been eating here for five years, perhaps a bit longer. Today may keep me from going back. The food was great, always is, service was TERRIBLE. The server rushed us out as if our business was not important. Before we were done eating he literally came to our table and said "Okay" and picked up our plates. To be fair, mine was empty, but my fiance and my 2 year old daughters were not. That is totally unacceptable, and it is not like we were there for an extended period of time (around 20 minutes). To take my 2 year olds lunch without asking when we are spending $25 at your establishment is not acceptable.
4	The food is so good here. Try the war of wonton soup and the Triple Crown with lo mein noodles. My Fav.
4	This is one of our favorite luncheon spots.  Our favorite meal:  Edd Drop Soup, Chicken with vegetables, Steamed Rice, Egg Roll.  Service is always fast and entrees are reasonably priced.  Usually pretty packed at lunchtime...a good sign.  Noticed that they seem to have a good take out service.
4	We always order take out here and never have been unhappy! We love the War Wonton soup and crab puffs to start. Lemon chicken , honey chicken or pork and chow mien always excellent!
4	The food is consistently really good, but the service is even better. Let me say that again, the service is shoe licking great!  They have really good soups, and entrees as well. The location is an small setting, but there always seems to be room for us. Defiantly a good place to check out!
4	The service is outstanding. Portions are large, and meals are relatively cheap. Always yummy!
4	Really good food, lunch prices are really affordable. 5 bucks for an entree, fried rice and an egg role. I always get the beef brocolli
3	It was closer to 3 than 4, mainly because the shrimp fried rice was a bit too salty for my taste, but it was a generous portion like all the other yelpers mentioned. The people working there were pretty friendly too.
3	Cheap mediocre Chinese food.  Wide selection.  Portions are good.  Typical American style.  The vegetables are good though.  The lunch crowd is kind of vicious. . .especially the snowbirds, but otherwise, its packed.  Variety of soft drinks and tea.   Service is friendly.  I think it was an old donut shop like a winchell's before.  One of the better Chinese food places in Casa Grande.
1	BIg Wa? No. Big LA. BIG LA CUCARACHA!  Went there before and the food was pretty good. I visit Casa Grande every few weeks and the food was pretty good. Brought my family and ordered a bunch of food as we didn't eat all day. They sat us in the little private room on the side with the round table. We were almost done when my daughter saw a big roach on the wall behind us. Then there was another on my chair. Looked on the floor and saw two more different bugs like Silverfish. My wife went for the waitress, asked for the check, went out and puked. The idiot waitress and manager came to me and said " You are almost al the food. We give you 15% off." Gee thanks. I wonder how many bugs we ate. My daughter said "We saw like six bugs! 15%???" (like she has any idea what it cost). Waitress said "Six Roaches? I thought only TWO". You don't know if you should laugh or cry. Paid for it and even tipped. Went back to the hotel and threw all out clothing in the wash. We have very strict food and cleanliness laws were we are from and this place would be closed before they could mix one more roach into your chop Suey. We wouldn't go back under any circumstances, but realizing its a small town, I would demand the board of health check them out (they won't be happy) and that the place be fumigated. Horrible cleanliness habits are seldom fixed. If you want to eat there be my guest. Those big portions in the reviews may not be chicken! Absolutely gross? You bet!
5	Best Chinese food in town. Friendly service, generous food portions. Luv this place. We are from maricopa and always make an excuse to eat here. Mongolian beef, beef curry my favorites
2	I think it is highly overrated. Food was watery but the service was good. Washrooms could be a little bit cleaner.
4	I went in for lunch looking for fried rice but their lunch special was extraordinary. It's a big cheap selection and so I was deciding between the Hunan beef and the Mongolian beef. What's the difference? The server said, Hunan is with vegetable like bell pepper and broccoli, Mongolian beef has onion. So I choose Hunan. You get to choose between egg drop soup or hot and sour and comes with an egg roll and fried rice. I ordered a tea to drink. The lady came out with a dish of those won ton crispies. Please see pic. And seconds later the hot and sour soup. Not even a three spoonfuls of soup and the Hunan beef came out! I'm very suspicious of whether or not this place has fortune telling abilities because it's like it was ready for me before I even chose it! Anyways, the Hunan was alright and I was super full from the portion. In fact, I couldn't even finish all my vegetables! I think, though, my fortune cookie says it all... It says next time try the shrimp. Lol. I will heed that advice. Also, what was endearing is that while I was eating, the staff/family had a lunch while I was eating. They were eating lo mein and either chicken or duck. It looked like a nice family, chatting and smiling and sharing a meal. I respect that.
5	The best Chinese food in Arizona, period.Incredible consistency, impeccable service, and the food is always served hot!You should eat here today!
4	Small, but service is fast and food was above average.Ordered pork chow Mein, fried rice and hubby had the pan fried noodles.  Servings were generous, food came out fast and hot.Would stop in again if on the area.
1	It took almost two hours to get a meal delivered that was promised in 40 minutes. The driver apparently went to the wrong Sheraton. But really? Two hours? The contents were leaking all over the bag; it's a mess. Finally, we ordered tea, which the person taking our order said was fine; but no tea - "we didn't have time to brew it." All of that and not even a discount. I don't even know how it tastes; I'm so irritated with this horrible service.
3	Nice, small little restaurant on the main. Sit and eat capacity is limited, so is the parking. Order to go is a better option. Very affordable and a lot a food for your money, I couldn't finish mine and I was really hungry. Food is served hot And yes  the food does taste good. Staff reception was ok. I'll definitely go again.
5	Big big servings! Go with the house you get all the goodies. Take someone to share with. Don't know what took me so long to go in to this place. It was so good I ordered some to go.
4	Don't let the outside sway your opinion. Food is really good and price is great! The lunch specials are a fantastic value. The egg drop soup is good, although I don't like tofu in my soup (easy enough to eat around). I ordered the Kung Pao Shrimp, which had very good, robust flavor. Everyone around the table enjoyed their meals as well. Check it out if you are in the area or passing through!
5	This is far and away the best Chinese restaurant in Casa Grande.  We have been many times in the past year and the food is always consistent and good.  Service excellent- quite fast even when busy. And the prices are hard to believe.  Imagine ordering shrimp and getting 7 or 8 in the order.  The portions at dinner are large.  We usually end up taking stuff home for tomorrow's lunch.  And soup, egg roll, rice, and entree for $8 or less and no games.  Wonderful!!
