4	Yes, I was drawn in by the garden gnome salt and pepper shakers in the window display, the owl candles, the vintage-inspired slatboard side table, and the tripod floor lamps. It was like walking into some pinterest version of my dream home. Giftwares for the whimsical, light and airy, modern-bohemian-hipster person in your life (or yourself), this store had so much that I would want, including the serving bowl size versions of the dish set I already own. Below, a taste:*door transformed into mail sorting artwork*hooks and drawer pulls, a plenty*bright - but not overly modern bright - coloured throw pillows*kitchen gadgets*glass decanters for the mid century fiends*table lamp with a bird on a branch as the stand*table linens in subdued patternsDownside - finding out it's mostly made in China stuff. But, then again, it also is reasonably priced, which makes it a better version of Anthropologie in my books.
5	If I lived nearby I would furnish my whole place from this store. The fact that I bought stuff that I'll have to lug in the bus/plane/metro home shows how much I lived what I saw. It's a nice, modern mixture of antique and worn items that I haven't seen elsewhere. Think restoration hardware meets Anthropologie. Except... The prices are very reasonable! They could definitely charge more, but they don't.
4	This is lovely little housewares shop. So many times I have stopped to peer in the windows when the shop was closed. I have yet to purchase anything, but my couple of visits have been promising. One of these days I will find the perfect little nick naks and home it will go with me! I have to say the store has a rather eclectic yet modern country vibe going on (does that make sense? No? Means you should drop on by and check it out yourself!). Old time looking wooden boxes mingle with pretty plates and coat hooks adorned with birds. A little bit of something for everyone.
5	Loooove this place! It's my go-to place for home decor. Great choice of product at very competitive prices.
4	Location: On the main. Since I always walk down from Olimpico, I'm not sure which subway is closest - might be Laurier. Street parking is available. The place: Cool, cozy and stocked with great home decor items that you can purchase for anyone and everyone you know. Looking for a coat hook shaped like a deer? They've go it. Want to print your Instagram photos on wood blocks that can then me hung up and displayed on your walls? They've got that too. Aside from anything that's deer-related, my favorite item is the Moroccan tea glasses. They're colorful and pretty and not too expensive. You can also find s few pieces of jewelry, cushions etc. as well. Service: It's OK. I mean, don't expect to be blown away by the massive amounts of warm and fuzzies being thrown your way, but you'll get a friendly hello and the staff usually let you look around without bothering you and I LOVE that. Gimme freedom, people!Price point: It really depends what you buy. Some items are very affordable while others are a bit more expensive. Check this place out if you're looking for something funky.
