4	This is the place I always used to go to after I left the bars when I was younger.  I remember being so absolutely plastered one afternoon that I sat down and to this day am certain I had two big macs there.  (Any doubt why I quite drinking twenty five years ago???)  Fortunately a professor from ASU wouldn't let me drive for another two hours.The location is convenient for getting in and out of late at night.What really makes it interesting is the people from the neighborhood around it. If you are a people watcher you might really like it here.  You just never know what you'll see from the man who regularly parks his wheelchair by the drive through and solicits money to... It's nothing special but holds some memories for me.
5	All I wanted for x mas was a cheeseburger and fries.Thanks to Jack in The Box for being open. Dreams do come true...Thanks to the staff who came to work today to make my cheeseburger.Jack,you get 4 stars just for being open!
4	Stopped into this smaller Jack in the Box today for a bite, armed with a coupon for 2 free tacos.  Added in a Chicken Sandwich ($1) & some Frank's Red Hot from the secret menu (free) & it really perked up both the tacos & the sandwich.I was all set with a fine light lunch for ONE DOLLAR!!  The bathroom, dining room (with BOOTHS!  Yay booths!) & service were fine too, so they earned 4 Stars!     :-))
1	If I could give this store no stars I would and its not because of the food or the employees its because of the franchisee and or the Manager.  This store is not located in the best part of town and I understand that but the people they allow to congregate on the outside patio and in the store sometimes is disgusting.  I work up the street and stop here one or twice a week.  Every time I'm accosted by homeless people looking for handouts, I've seen prostitutes and last night there were actual drug deals going down on the patio.  Its like this every time.  The employees tend to ignore it although I noticed their quick glances to each other almost acting like they have been warned not to get involved.  Last night the "Supervisor" I spoke to didn't know the Franchisee's name or the Managers.  He quickly dismissed me by saying he had to go wait on someone in the drive thru.  Again his canned response felt like he was saying something he was told to say.  I don't understand why these people are allowed to sit and stay when all they are doing is running off paying customers.  I also observed three different people with non Jack In the Box cups just walk in and get soda.  Either this location needs to hire some night time security to start running non paying customers off the property or just take out the tables and benches in the front and concentrate on your drive thru and eat in business.  Take the pressure off your employees who shouldn't be concerned with their own safety and the safety of their paying customers.  I for one will go a little further down the street from now on to the Wendys.  At least I've seen the night Manager there take care of biz and deals with all his customers in an appropriate way.
