3	Two different sizes of poutine. The sauce had a flavour that reminded me of ketchup. Even tried their roll dog, which is basically a pogo in a waffle, just very odd. Some interesting sauces and some interesting mixes. Not enough smoked meat on their smoked meat poutine.
3	I definitely enjoyed the shepherds pie poutine and thought MAN, why have I never eaten this before, or cooked it every brutal Montreal winter of my life? I also loved the smoked meat poutine and discovered that mustard is a more friendly flavour than I had previously recognized.  The young couple from Trois Rivere behind this new poutinerie on the hallowed ground of the old Roi Du Plateau are holding their own, and they seem super sweet and hard-working and I wish them the best. The interior is a little cold and clinical feeling, but is very clean. The mayo options for the onion rings got me excited but then I didn't love them, or at least not with the heavy (and possibly artificial) citrus flavouring on the rings. The chop poutine is apparently popular but I am squeemish about chicken in fast food contexts and the texture on this one didn't do it for me - felt either processed or slightly undercooked for my liking. The joint is new and super well intentioned and there are some excellent nosh options on the menu, especially for late nights. Marie-Pier's idea that they get a BYO license is genius, this would have me coming back with various beers all the time to cuddle up with a big red bowl of the shepherds pie. Also, I heard they are getting couches - smooth moves. I think some comf, some softer light, and a focus on high quality ingredients (even if it means slightly narrowing the vast menu) will help this Trois Rivere import thrive here in Montreal. Le Roi est mort. Vive le Roi.
5	Great poutine ordered general tao and chop chop. We  called before the restaurant opened and they delivered in less than 30 minutes. Great place will recommend it. Very good service
4	Their poutine is perfection!Super nice owners who really seem to care about what they're doing.
5	I never imagined I would be writing about poutine one day! I usually eat the stuff every few years just to help me remember why I don't exactly love it.So I'm very surprised to say that I'm about to change my mind just because of this single little shop located on Rachel and Clark in Montreal.Me and my girlfriend where looking at cool places near where we are located and she stumbled on this, she started to read the menu and we really got very intrigued. Filet-mignon poutine? Shepherd-pie Poutine? Come on! That must be a joke! But the reviews on Yelp! where good!And they were right!!!!!I got reassured when we ordered the Filet-mignon poutine and that I was asked how I wanted my meat done! I tough they would just dropping micro waved bits of steak in the mix, but no! Got cooked right there like I asked. All the ingredients where really fresh, the cheeses was squeaking under the teeth like it should. My friend got the shepherd-pie poutine one and it was also amazing, the real thing.The portions where really generous and the price very good considering the quality, I really recommend.We will be back there for sure to try the others variations.
3	So just as I was trying to eat more healthly, Montreal comes up with a ridiculously delicious idea...poutine week...all week I dreamt of poutine until I finally caved and ordered take-out from Planete Poutine et Cie, for the first time (but probably not the last).I'm usually a traditionalist when it comes to poutine...I don't really like a whole lot of stuff on it...maybe every once in a while I'll be adventurous and order it with sauce au poivre, but that's about it. But, seeing as it was poutine week, I convinced myself it was a good idea to get one of those fancy poutines piled high with fixin's. Not my smartest move, I must say, but not my worst either.My partner ordered the featured poutine of the week, the shepherd's pie poutine, and that totally lived up to all of its great reviews! I ordered the Mexican poutine, and while not bad, there was just too much stuff on it for me and I felt like I was missing the actual poutine part. The delivery service was actually quite good though. The poutines arrived still hot, not like some delivery poutines I've gotten that have had time to congeal on their way over (ewwww). I also received a very nice phone call about an hour after the delivery from Planete Poutine just to make sure the delivery was to my liking. All in all, not a bad poutine week experience, but next time I think I'll stick to my ways and order a regular poutine.
4	A delicious alternative to the nearby La Banquise. Not the same, no, but a good choice when you're in the area and want to give in to a poutine craving. I tried the Italian poutine and brought me back to high school, when Italian poutine was considered a special event.  Of course that may be nostalgia, I'm the Italian poutine I had now was light years better than the ones my high school cafeteria served.  Two sizes of poutine, huge and just right (imo).  I also tried a roll dog, which is quite the novelty: a hot dog encased in waffle batter.  Interesting, not amazing, but definitely worth a try for the novelty.I liked the fact that the kitchen is open, and the kitchen staff says hello when you walk in.
4	Delicious!! I was pleasantly surprised to discover this poutinerie right in my neighborhood. From the outside it appears quite boring and I would never have thought to go there but a friend had recommended it to me. The poutine was pretty delicious and they had lots of options for adding veg and meat if that gets your wheeling turning. I enjoy my poutine in the classic fashion and I thought their cheese was very good and that the portion size excellent. They have a student discount and are open till 4am on weekends. Also, they have loads of flavoured mayonnaise to choose from which I used to cover every fry not already drenched in gravy. Mmmm!
4	Delightful place with innovative poutine!Stopped by here as part of my Montreal poutine crawl for an early dinner.  The friendly lady at the counter reviewed some of the options and the sound of the General Tao's poutine fascinated me, so I ordered it.  There's only one size of that (and it was so big I couldn't finish).It was really weird to have the spice and heat of the orient along side the starch, cheese and gravy of the Northeast, but somehow it worked.  The chicken was actually delicious!  The fries here seemed thinner than at other places, but maybe that was just me.I'm glad I tried this type, but if I came back, I think I'd go with their short-rib poutine.  This is definitely worth a visit.  And it's close to Parc du Mont-Royal so you can go there after eating and climb to the top to work some of it off.
4	The first poutine I had in Montreal -- and it made me very happy. We had the peppercorn poutine (nothing too adventurous), and the fries were tasty, the peppercorns in the gravy added a nice kick, and the curds had just the right texture. The fries could've been a little crispier, but that was my only complaint. Also, it was cheap, which made it a great snack that I would get again and again (if I lived in Montreal).
5	Excellent poutine! Very friendly staff, reasonable prices and large portions :) it's a definite go to place after a night out, sure way to curb the hangover and just generally amazing treat for your stomach!! Will definitely be back!
