1	I found this place through groupon.  I will probably never return.  the store is pretty, but the actual service has been sub par.    I got an eye exam & 2 pairs of glasses.  from the time of my exam to the time I got both pairs of glasses was 3 weeks 5 trips total with 2 cancellations on their part.  I have politely requested an itemized receipt 4 times in person & have called in 4 times after receiving my frames just for this receipt.  I have not received my receipt or any follow up phone calls.  i've been wearing glasses for over 20 years & it has never taken so long to receive my frames.  while I am satisfied with my actual frames & lenses.  I think my overall experience has been unsatisfactory.  next time I will go to lenscrafters where the service is faster & I know I will get an itemized receipt.
5	Excellent service and good selection. The store is very new and of course they are still working some things out. The displays are misleading in that they have a lot more to chose from but don't have their permanent displays yet. The eye doctor is currently working 7 days a week and late into the night. We came in because we were waiting for knives to be sharpened at Sur La Table. They take VSP and both the young girl and guy were friendly and attentive. The guy was all over the place pulling glasses out for my daughter to try. I've been meaning to get her some new glasses but so few places have late hours and they all pretty much have a very plain selection for pre-teens. This place had a good mix of higher fashion glasses in my opinion. They did her eye exam right there and because her script is very common, the guy was able to cut her glasses immediately. Their internet was down when we arrived, and yet they were still willing to take care of us and take our word for what kind of coverage we had(free eye exam). They were going to let me out of the store with the new glasses without paying until the next day when they could get the insurance co-pay coverage info from the computer and I could just pay over the phone. Now that is amazing trust and service. The internet came back up and we were able to take care of it the same evening, but I'm still shocked they were going to let me take the glasses and pay by phone the next day, so I didn't have to make a special trip back. My husband also got his eye exam and they could have pushed him to get new glasses, yet they said his current glasses would be good for another year. The Art of Vision will be our go to place from now on. Convenient to be at Downtown Summerlin and street front parking. They have some glasses they can cut on the spot. In the past, I've waited 2-3 weeks for glasses to be made at other places. The guy currently cutting the glasses used to work for Lenscrafters. We were treated well and will be referring people here for sure. It also helps that Dr Amel has the direct cell phone number of Retinal Specialists in case of an emergency.
5	Hands down the best eye care experience I have ever had. Dr. Amel Youssef is thorough and professional, focusing on my practical needs and not just trying to sell me some products. I am a graphic designer over forty years old. I spend a lot of time in front of a computer screen focusing of pixel details. But I also need to be able to see comfortably at night driving. So a cookie cutter solution would not work for me. Dr. Amel asked more questions and offered more good vision care options than have ever been presented to me in 30 years of eye glass and contact lens wearing. I recommend her and the excellent staff that work for her as often as possible. Beautiful environment, friendly personnel and outstanding professional services. Anyone expecting more is just being unreasonable and their opinions should be taken with a grain of salt.
