4	My first impression of Chez Jules' menu was that it wasn't the most extensive in town. Deciding on the vegetarian moussaka for my main and the peanut ice cream for dessert, I was impressed at the portion sizes and the quality. I'll also admit to being slightly jealous of my dining partner's choice of mussels, which (after "borrowing" a few) I found to be just as tasty.On the downside, diners were seated very close to each other when the bistro wasn't that busy, but it is quite a small place.Highly recommended.
5	Good food at very decent prices if getting a lunch offer!!! :)Food is good otherwise as well of course, but slightly on the pricier side.Nice environment,friendly staff and atmosphere. Noise level may become slightly above average if busy.Will definitively go back soon.
4	Painfully slow, but kind service.Four of us walked in around 8pm last night for dinner (without a reservation) and we were seated right away. Before our asses even hit the bench a waitress placed a large salad bowl, basket of bread, and small plate of mixed olives and pearl onions on the table. Thank god for that, because it was a solid 20 minutes before she returned to take our order. That includes drinks! So- 20 minutes later and finally a waitress arrives to take our order. I got the mussels,  and holy crap were they deeelicious. Without a doubt, some of the best cooked mussels I've ever had. And on top of it, there were enough on my plate to last a lifetime (see my pictures). Sister got the 6oz filet mignon, which FYI does not come with a side. Dad got the half chicken and mom got the scallops. For dessert we shared the crepe suzanne w/chocolate ice cream- do it. Mom claims her cappuccino was incredible.We all thoroughly enjoyed our meals and (despite the service) would absolutely return.
5	The quintessential French eatery - simple French dishes, drinkable house wine - a green leaf salad with French dressing and some pickles/ salami are automatically included, so no starters are necessary.  Les fourmules pour deux - dishes to be shared between two people are very good - the coq au vin is a favourite!
1	I did try this place thanks to great rewievs on Yelp.BUT WHAT A PLACE OF BAD FOOD.Mussels-soggy and oldChevre chaud-nothing speciell just boring-Surf and turf-Lobseter soggy and old-meat dryLobster-soggy and not fresch-And the last bonus Creme Brulee at a french restaurant???? it was so bad actually the worts i tried.Staff was ok and audience vibrant.Will not return.
5	One of my absolute favourites in Edinburgh. Always a good atmosphere bordering to party vibes. And good food for little price. You can come on your own or in a big group - Chez Jules staff will never be fazed will always make everything happen and you will have a feel-good evening! Nice clean clear French food - good wines - oysters (which is of course for me a super plus aspect). Surf and Turf is one of their star dishes in case you can't decide whether to have seafood or meat.Either way - this place is a must-go in Edinburgh!
4	Dined here last night and really enjoyed it. We were rather on the late side around 10pm having been at a networking event in 99 Hanover.Still, it was no issue we were seated by the waitress and settled in. A bottle of prosecco came very reasonable priced and I really enjoyed the olives, pickles, salami, bread and salad. I read a review complaining they no longer give free pate too......seriously???Anyway, for my starter I went for the frogs legs and snails - 3 of each. Garlicy goodness, I think how that can be best described. I managed to convert my 2 dining partners into being escargot fans which I am taking as a big win.For main we all went for steak. I had rib-eye and the others went for fillet. I had the bayonaise sauce - wish I had gone garlic butter...hmmmmmmm garlic. We were served with a large dish of dauphoinise which I really liked. The steak was perfectly rare if a little on the thin side. very tasty meat though and well seasoned.This was my first trip here, it wont be my last!!Ches Jules comes highly JD Recommended! :)
5	Qu'est-ce que je ferais sans toi? What an amazing place. Came here before the peak hours and we had the place to ourselves. Love the style inside , sort of like a 1940's hipster movie theme. Love the wooden tables and the candles and everything about it. Being an old romantic I love that atmosphere. I decided to get all the food that would normally be strange to folks. I got the frog legs which were amazing! Soaked in butter and spices and herbs they were so tasty , honestly just like chicken but more tender. Then for my main I had the beef tartar which was actually minced steak not normal hamburger. Its healthier haha . Had some very good red wine and a number of after meal drinks. Cant express how good this place is anyways the prices were not to bad at all either.  Do come here cause this place is really really good and they have a very very good menu.
4	A little slice of Paris in Edinburgh. Slowish service when busy, but extremely good food and wine. Go here for a cheap luxury lunch!
