5	What can I say? I love Jamba Juice. Cold, fruity, delicious, fast. Can't go wrong with this place! Surf Rider is the best smoothie that they always have. Last summer they had a yumberry smoothie that was to die for, but sadly it was a seasonal promotion only. Aloha Pineapple is also amazing!
3	A bit too pricy for what I get. I've never been big on hyped-up health bar type places, especially when it's not all that healthy.
4	My buddy and I were in the area today, and we spotted Jamba Juice. Not ones to turn down a good smoothie, we stopped in.There really isn't anything completely overwhelming about this particular Jamba Juice, but it IS a Jamba Juice...so that means it's still awesome!When you walk into a Jamba Juice, you expect to see younger employees. This location was no different. The three people behind the counter couldn't have been more than 17.With such youth and inexperience behind the counter, you might expect that the service would also be relatively immature. But, you would be pleasantly mistaken.As my buddy and I sat and enjoyed our beverages, a woman came in to pick up an order she had previously placed, consisting of six drinks. Granted, they do offer drink carriers. But, the young lady behind the counter took it upon herself to offer carry-out service. She physically carried out both drink carriers to the woman's car across the parking lot.Moments like that stick in your mind forever. They're the types of moments that will ensure that you immediately think of Jamba Juice when you want a smoothie. Those moments make you have to talk yourself OUT of going to Jamba Juice should the opportunity arise!
3	This Jamba Juice used to be awesome, but now it's just filled with teenagers who don't know what's going on. I went in today to use my Groupon. It was 2 smoothies for 5.00. I went in to get 1 smoothie and asked if I could get the other one later. She said "No, dont you want to get the two now?" When I told her I couldn't drink two original smoothies and there was no one else to drink it, she just shrugged and looked at me with a blank stare.So I left, and called the next closest Jamba Juice. Funny enough when I asked him, he told me they could definitely just use one and give me a free smoothie card. Ended up driving an extra 10 minutes out of the way, just for a smoothie.Lame.
4	This is a nice, small location, tucked into a fairly vacant strip mall. Easy to get in and out without having to battle a bunch or cars looking for parking spots.The staff is nice and it always seems like they have too many people working. I have never had to wait for someone to take my order or longer than necessary for my drink to be made. I always get the same thing (Orange Dream Machine) and it's consistent at every location I have been to.Every time I have been in they have had samples out. I like that, but it's never signed so you never know what it is unless someone tells you. A good 4-stars all around.
5	I came into this place while it was full and I was seated right after I picked my color! I treated my husband to his first spa pedicure with callus removal and he said his toes were very relaxed, lol. I love my pedicure, purple is so hot right now. They took their time and they were very nice ladies (not that fake kind of "nice" nail lady like at other nail salons.) This is a family friendly nail salon. The ladies that work here will ask about your kids and how your holiday was and they are being genuine. Overall I can say that for my first visit I have had a splendid experience. I would recommend them and I will most likely return within the next couple of weeks!
1	I've been to plenty of jamba juice locations before. But my experience at this particular store was just terrible.I came here on a Tuesday afternoon at about 2... Store was fairly empty with maybe 1 person in front of Me and 2 behind me in line.  I thought I'd be in and out in a few minutes as I just b ordered one smoothie, no extras, nothing special. But no... I was left waiting in the store for almost half an hour. I would have said forget it and just return my money but no one would come to the counter!  Someone behind me was served before me, and the woman in front of me was served after me! Also, after they finally finished my smoothie, they left the cup near the hot oven where they were cooking something. I tried to tell them that was my smoothie but they ignored me and let it melt, then 5 Minutes later moved my smoothie to the counter where they didn't even call my name. I took a sip and some of it was warm, except the chunks. Of powder that weren't blended! Also it's funny to me that the other bad review on this location was pushed into the "not recommended" area.
5	Amazing place! Jamba has great smoothies, better than virtually any place you can go!Customer service at this location is stellar, and I've never had a problem with anything that I've ordered. I usually will go for a veggie smoothie, but have also tried almost all of the fruit smoothies; everything is delicious! Look up coupons, and you can almost find something for Jamba (=
5	Greens and apple. I love the staff here they are awesome. When I bring my kids they are always so good with them.
