2	I randomly came in here with my friends just for a look around and to gawk at all the wierd stuff they have on sale.  To summarise, it's mostly leather with red somewhere on it and, of course, straps or buckles.  It's not my style at all, but some of the boots which they have in here are truly mind blowing with enormous platforms and straps going all the way up the leg.  They also do fancy dress outfits which would do if you've on an outlandish party coming up, but on the whole it's all pretty wierd kit.  Under the counter there are the usual bongs, pipes and cannabis seeds which pretty much sum the whole shop up.One of the most fascinating aspects of this shop is the guy who works behind the till.  He reminded me of a cross between Gollum off Lord of the Rings and Paul O'Grady.  He was a nice guy, however, and told us of his life in Sheffield and the dangers of buying cold drinks on The Royal Mile.  Whiplash Trash, in my opinion, is full of pretty tacky stuff and probably won't appeal to you unless you're going through an adolescent phase or just fancy a look!
3	Whiplash Trash has a name with such punch! I love it. As a shop however, it's not really my thing. It sells overly extroverted, sex-in-your-face PVC outfits. Everywhere!Maybe I am becoming a big bore these days, but I have never been a fan of PVC in the bedroom. I'm sorry guys, I'm going there - it's too high maintenance. How can you have fun when your crotch is creaking with the weight of all the sweaty plastic? I didn't even like PVC baubles when they were very much in during the late 90s. I don't understand how people can manouvre themselves in that PVC nurse sort of get up. They sell whips and the like but again, I'd rather use my imagination and be a bit more spontaneous in the old boudoir. So we've established that the dominatrix deal isn't my style - it's a bit too obviously and fiercely sexual to be taken seriously. Thus, I find the costumes in here a wee bit immature as other reviewers have highlighted. Saying that, each to their own, and it's a lot of fun to look around even if you're not into it. My views aren't a reflection of Whiplash Trash as a store - they sell proper fetish gear that certainly isn't cheap. It's a lot of fun to look around and the staff are pretty nice. They also have a tattoo parlour downstairs.It's big, it's brazen but if that's how you like it, then batter in!
3	With the sophistication of a ned in Faliraki and the elegance of a drunk girl on high heals, this place is where you can get stuff that glows, stuff that's weird, and stuff to pierce yourself with- in more than three places. It fills in the category of goth/emo without really being a hardcore goth shop (as my goth friendly tartly pointed out). It's geared to the more misunderstood teenagers, although you can pick up one or two things for a fancy dress. In fairness, they are dressing up as well. Difference is they do it everyday, I will do it upon invitation only.
3	There's no rubber or leather kilts in Whiplash Trash. If you're looking for cheap and trashy fetish / alternative gear however, you've come to the right place. As the provocative window displays suggest, Whiplash Trash has rail after rail of squeaky plastic, PVC, rubber and leather dresses. The majority seem to be jet black, pillarbox red or reflective white but if you look closely, you'll also find some midnight blue ensembles ripped shirts, tight tee-shirts and bondage trousers. There's also a growing collection of cheeky 'costumes' for swingers, strippers and sex club afficionados.Whilst I'm in favour of people dressing up, shedding their inhibitions and having fun, I'd prefer to do it with a bit more style and imagination myself!
4	I know this place insofar as piercings are concerned. This is where, aged 19 and feeling guilty and rebellious, I pierced my lip. Gasp, I know. I mean, it's one helluva dodgy place to go and I went there completely uninformed about the quality of their work (that sounds kinda strange, but it's exactly what I mean). I actually had a great (insofar as putting a hole through your lip can be) experience. The man who pierced me was all pierced himself, and looked kind of worn, but was very kind and great at keeping me distracted from the fact that he was kinda attacking me with a sharp object (in a manner of speaking).
3	-Inflatable wife-suspenders-PVC catsuit-sleazy feather boa-underwear, edible (of course)-padded walls-fluorescent hair dye-fuchsia pink tutu-bright red, one meter long fake eyelashesDo any, or all of the above interest you? Then hop along to Whiplash Trash on Cockburn Street, you'll love it.
