5	This a great childrens health clinic. No long lines, no dirty waiting rooms and angry receptionists. Its a great place to take your child for non-emergent conditions like a sore throat, cough, asthma, circumcision, vaccines, check ups etc...The doctors are compassionate and spend a great deal of time with each patient. Ask for Dr. McGhee he is a great pediatrician.
1	My 1 1/2 year old son, Lorenzo, was in the Freemont office on Durango to see Dr. Shi yesterday and today. Dr. Shi is relatively new to this practice after replacing Dr. McGhee. Now I know why the consummate caring Dr. McGhee left the Freemont group.  Tonight at 8pm, I called and spoke with the after hours service. I asked Maria that the Dr. on call to please give me a call as my son was continuing with the symptoms that he had earlier that day when we were in the office just 4 hour earlier. Maria spoke to Dr. Schnitzler who was on call that evening. Maria spoke with Dr. Schnitzler, who refused to speak with me or call me!  That is a serious issue with me and one that I will be pursuing with the state board.  I will be leaving this practice as the culture and caring quotient has certainly changed.  This is the profession that he chose, I really don't care if my son had a sneeze or the 104 temperature that he had, he should speak with the patient.
5	This facility certainly was a step up from Bright Future Pediatrics. I loved Dr. Veera at BFP but she left and due to contract rules, She was not allowed to tell patients that she was leaving so at the time, I didn't even know my regular Ped wasn't available. I gave birth at Southern Hills and Dr. Dani was the pediatrician doing rounds. I really like this Dr. He's very professional, didn't talk down to me about the concerns I presented to him and was informative. Invited me to come to the Durango office. It wasn't crowded or dirty and has a nice fish tank that sort of separates the sick side from the well side. They didn't make me wait an hour either, I especially like that. On our first visit, Dr. Dani checked out my son and all was well. I scheduled my sons circumcision but Dr. Dani would be on vacation and he disclosed this to me and let me know Dr. Shi could do it. She did a fantastic job! My sons circumcision healed faster than his belly button! On both occasions I was there , they offered me to stay in the room as long as needed so I could nurse my son. I really appreciate every staff member I've come in contact with this facility.
