5	Nestled in a very unassuming spot in a strip mall next to the J&S Butcher shop.  I've had Sushi there twice and it's among the best I've had in the region. The Sushi chef/owner is a really cool guy who goes the extra mile to make your meal an awesome experience.  Sushi quality is top-notch and presented beautifully. You can tell he enjoys what he's doing.  I've had friends order the Chinese food there too and they all agreed it was fantastic.  I'm so glad I don't have to go far anymore for great sushi.
5	Great food and great service! Super friendly staff and delicious food every visit so far.
4	I like the food better here than at Red Bowl...more reasonably priced as well.
5	I agree with the previous writer - this place is like Red Bowl, but much better and cheaper.  They have the typical American Chinese dishes but also offer some awesome sushi.  They even have a few Thai dishes (noodles, curry, etc).  The portions are large and the presentation is nice.  The only negative is that although the restaurant offers waiter service, it is very small on the inside with a small sushi bar.  This is definitely one of the better Asian restaurants in the Charlotte area.
4	Okay, I am only giving them 4 stars because I had asked for the orange chicken to not be spicy and it was. Other than that the rest of the  food was delicious. They have  great lunch specials. Everything came with your choice of rice, soup and egg roll for $5.25. So much food! I will definitely be going back.
5	Really good all the way around. Decor is very nice and feels sort of upscale vs cheesy.  Great service, very attentive and knowledgeable. Most importantly - the food is good. Really haven't found better around here yet.  Maybe a tad pricey, but worth it because you will have leftovers.
4	Great place. Owner and staff are super nice and the food is some of the better asian food you'll find near Tega Cay.
4	Trying to find good sushi in South Carolina while on a road trip I thought would be easy.  Turns out, not so easy.  Without Yelp it would have been almost impossible without killing hours.  When entering Peking, we were very happy with what we saw. A modern, upscale, urban, clean feel.  We had 6 or 7 different types of rolls and all were good tasting, a few were also very good.  The people are nice, the product is solid, and we left satisfied.
5	Peking Tokyo never disappoints. I've been there at least once a week since it opened, and each visit offers a new and tasty experience....Singapore Mei Fun is outstanding, and don't miss the Rock Shrimp, it's totally delicious. Chicken on a Stick is very tasty, soups are all good and always hot...service is first rate and prices cannot be beat. AND, the sushi cannot be beaten, best in the area.....this is THE PLACE for Chinese/Japanese food in Tega Cay!
5	Love this place! Great food, great sushi, great service. Clean, clean, clean. Became a regular after my first bite!
5	Agree with Lauren. Best Chinese/Japanese in the area. Sushi is excellent and better than Red Bowl. Take out orders are huge and low cost. Try the Triple Delight chef special. Hot  and sour soup has a nice bang to it. We have ordered from there four times in last two months. Although they are next door to the defunct Mamma Theresa pizza and previous Italian specialty store, these folks will be in business for a long time.
5	I love this place!  They are always super friendly when we come in and the food is consistently delicious!  Not super expensive and great service!
4	During a recent hunger attack while in Rock Hill at an exit where the options left a lot to be desired, we hit Yelp on a search for decent food.  We arrived at Peking Tokyo in the new strip mall in front of a new Wal-Mart.  They did a nice job turning a very basic space into something that didn't evoke cheap strip mall diner. They used giant bamboo for railing, and used nice paint, etc. They have 4 booths and a number of tables, but is a quaint size, allowing service to be active.It's unusual to mix Americanized Chinese food with sushi at a small restaur, but they do both here so we tried the Peking Tokyo roll and the orange chicken with brown rice. The orange chicken was nice and came with a good amount of perfectly-cooked broccoli.  It was very crunchy, which means it was very fried. Good, but I probably wouldn't order it again b/c of the fried-ness. I might try the moo shu because they said they have the traditional thin pancakes which I haven't seen yet in the CLT area.  However, the Peking Tokyo roll was amazing! Really one of the top rolls in the area! Fresh, flavorful but without relying too much on sauce, spice,  or frying. It was just a solid, excellent, fresh roll. We will definitely be back to try more sushi and wished we had just ordered rolls! My only complaint? I wish they had gone a little lighter on the fish eggs, but that's probably just me.Bottom line:  Best sushi in the Fort Mill/Tega Cay area and we will definitely be back.
4	Friendly staff, very clean restaurant, above average food. While not the best, really what more can you ask from a chinese fast food joint?
4	Okay.. I have had the sushi here and well, it is the best sushi I have had in this area. The place is so clean and relaxing.  The sushi was so clean and fresh tasting, the pieces were giant sized and filled me up.  The prices were great and it was well worth the cost. I have to say that the sushi is way better than Red bowl and Asian roll and grill and I love the food from both of these places. Hands down sushi was the best from here. Go and get this awesome sushi give this place the support it needs!!!!!
5	Great food and great service where you wouldn't expect it. We tried a Chinese dish and sushi (rolls and pieces). All were delicious. Vegetables are very fresh. Recommend it highly
5	This place is fantastic! The staff is always friendly and provides great service. The food is very good and you won't go away hungry with the generous portions they offer!
2	Was going to go her to have a late dinner after coming back from the mountains.  Saw a "B" sanitation grade on the door.  Looked it up online and the score was 82.  If you serve sushi, you should have no less than a 95 under any circumstances.  They have scored well in the past, so hopefully this is a fluke.  If they improve consistently, I'll be back and will update this.
3	It was OK.  Not great but not bad.  Best thing was quality of the sushi and that was very good.  The decor is a bit drab and the sushi bar was packed with cheap display pieces like a mountain waterfall.  How nice - but what we need is a place to set our water & sushi! Oh yeah, no alcohol on sundays!!
5	Their score has gone back up to 100 but if a place serving raw fish gets a B again, it's back to two stars (and that's generous because a B in SC is 87 or below so an 88 equates to an A).
2	I've given Peking Tokyo 3 chances.   It is just average food and an odd smell.   The restaurant is small (and seemed tight to walk through).  There are only about 8-10 tables in the restaurant and there are customers and wait staff walking past your table all the time.Unless you are in the mood for average chinese food, tv, and watching kids running around, skip it.Things I tried:   Sushi - Godzilla roll      Basil Chicken - average   Edamame   Seafood delite - no flavor, fake crab
4	Food was excellent. We had the Orange Duck and a Godzilla roll. Highly recommend!
2	They got an inspection score of 80 on 12/5.  This is a place that serves raw fish.  Yes, their follow up inspection on 12/12 gave them a 99, but two grades in the 80s in a 3 months for a sushi place is not good.  They were so good before, and always had an A...not anymore.
4	I stumbled upon this place with my wife months ago and forgot to write the review. We have been going back regularly, which I guess is a compliment in itself.Disclaimers first. This is essentially a Chinese restaurant that is trying to cater to both the Chinese and sushi crowds. And that is not the right move for them.I say that because their Chinese food is excellent! I've tried their Hot & Sour soup, their spring and egg rolls, sweet & sour pork, fried rice - the list goes on and on... Thumbs up on all of them!Now on to the sushi side of things... My wife tried a spicy tuna roll, and did not feel well afterwards at all! So I do not recommend any of it. Stick to the Chinese food here, people!Service is really friendly, they're usually open late (10pm?) and therefore are a regular take-away option for us as well.Considering all of the above, I still consider myself a fan. We just stick to their A game...
4	Excellent Chinese restaurant with Japanese Sushi thrown in to the mix.  Don't be put off by the small size, or that it is in a strip mall.  They have great portions and seriously good food.
4	Another handy dandy WIN for the Yelp mobile app!Sure, like previous reviews have mentioned this place is tiny and crammed but really does have some amazing food. I stopped in right before the lunch rush. There is nothing fancy on the inside, a couple of tables and booths but the staff is friendly and the service is very fast. They have a GREAT lunch menu, plenty of variety with a small price tag of $5.25. I went with the shrimp and broccoli, steamed rice and egg roll (you have the choice of soup or egg roll). Before I knew it my food was ready, I asked if I could have some wontons and sweet sauce and they very happily put some in my bag. Boy was I in for a treat, no itty bitty shrimp here! They were nice plump, full size shrimp. The brown sauce and crispy texture on the broccoli was delicious. The steamed rice was sticky goodness, loaded up with soy sauce and mixed all together....perfect! I loved it! This is definitely some good Chinese food. Best thing, it's freshly prepared per order so everything comes out nice and hot. Good stuff here! Do yourself a favor...give this place a try!
5	Try the Singapore mei fun if you like curry and spicy.
5	Closed on Mondays (as of 7/1/13)We eat here and order carry out all the time. Always good or great food at a fair price from nice people. At times we make changes to the standard dish and they make the changes right & at no charge. I prefer the Kung pao chicken or Singapore noodles (Mei Fun), both spicy and both worth having here.
5	Best sushi in the Fort Mill area!
5	This place does not seem like much.  Just a small location in a strip mall, but I have found their egg drop soup is some of the best.  And unlike some places that are hit or miss, it is good all the time.Mainly go here during lunch with coworkers for the lunch special and I have not been dissapointed.  Good eats for under $10 after tip is good for me.
4	This is the best Chinese in the fort mill area.  They actually have decent sushi as well for a reasonable price...you can get 20% off coupons in the mail via the valpak and the city magazine publication.  Good portions and friendly staff!
5	Having discovered this place using Yelp and UrbanSpoon, I feel as if we just stumbled on a jewel for Chinese food in the Fort Mill / Tega Cay area. Here's the skinny on why this place gets five stars: 1. Value - excellent pricing for good portions. I mean REALLY excellent pricing. 2. Quality - excellent quality of food. I am a Sesame Chicken snob - not too sweet and well cooked. 3. Cleanliness - Bathrooms were clean (a stickler for me), and quite a bit of care has gone into the details of the interior with a nice design. I really hope Peking Tokyo stays around...good food, friendly staff, clean environment and affordable. Keep up the good work Peking Tokyo!
5	Great Chinese and Japanese food and service. Thankful for this place right in Tega Cay!
3	This place is average at best.  I am surprised by the amount of rave reviews.  I have been here three times and have never had anything close to great.  The people are nice here but I will probably give it some time before I return.This review is based on Chinese food only.
5	Because of the "well-known Asian bistro" down the street- this little gem gets overlooked.  Give this place a try and you will be pleased.  The value , service and quality can't be beat! The lunch specials are great, the portions are generous and the staff is so accommodating.  I usually get the hibachi chicken. Don't miss the sweet/spicy sauce that's served with the crunchy noodles.
5	Our go-to place for Chinese. Pleasant atmosphere, welcoming staff, and great food. The moo goo gai pan is outstanding. The fried tofu is really good!  Portion sizes are large. And the sushi is consistently very, very fresh and good.
5	I have the Hunan Triple, spicy and filling.y wife gets sushi and loves it!  The atmosphere is friendly and welcoming.
4	My wife and I like this place and it's 1 of our 2 go-to places for Asian food in the area.  This one often wins out because of the option for Sushi under the same roof.  The Chinese dishes aren't anything all that special, pretty standard stock for any Chinese place.  Same for the Sushi, but price is right and it's good and convenient location when out to grab dinner/lunch plus run errands.
2	I'm with NP, this place is average at best and I am surprised by the rave reviews as well - so I'm giving it a Meh 2 star review.As we just moved to another south Charlotte area, we decided to get on the hunt for a Chinese restaurant.  As close as this one is across the border, sadly this will not be the one. I typically order sesame chicken when I go to Chinese restaurants and it was no different here.  While the presentation is A+, the taste was not as flavorful as other restaurants we have gone to.  I was also disappointed that they put the broccoli on the side instead of letting it soak up the sauce and other flavors, so instead you get bland steamed broccoli.  The sauce was also very thick around the chicken, so there was nothing extra to pour ontop of the rice or let the rice soak up the sauce either.I am not sure what Kevin ordered, some chicken dish.  Now the veggies in here were nice as they soaked up the sauce and flavor very well.  I think the only complaint is when Kevin has typically ordered this dish elsewhere, it is mild, and here it was very spicy.Nice little quiet restaurant, but we will try somewhere else.
5	Wanting to try something new and needing to order delivery, I tried the Peking Tokyo today after reading so many rave Yelp reviews. I was NOT disappointed. The delivery person was so fast and very friendly! I ordered the sweet and sour chicken combination and a large hot and sour soup. Being the soup snob that I am, I had low expectations of the soup and just hoped it would be at least "good". So I saved that portion for dinner and had the chicken, rice, and the eggroll first. The food was great. Then for dinner I warmed up a bowl of the soup. I must say, it has to be THE BEST hot and sour soup I have EVER had. In fact, had I known it would be THIS GOOD, I would have enjoyed that immediately and would've warmed up the chicken for later.I cannot wait to bring my boyfriend in to try this food. I was amazed. I will be ordering again VERY SOON!!!Thank you, Peking Tokyo, for such a wonderful experience!!
5	Friends, family, coworkers - all of them look at me with stupefied expressions when I tell them one of my top 3 Charlotte area sushi places is in the Fort.  Its true though - this place has great sushi.  Fresh, interesting, and reasonably priced.   The dining room is a little small and non-descript, but this place is perfect for take out or on-the-way-home sushi.EXPERT TIP - ask for a Cherry Blossom.  Its not on their standard menu, but its easily my favorite roll.  If you like cucumber sheet sushi, the Rainbow Naruto roll is also fantastic.  SUPER EXPERT TIP - all of my Peking Tokyo fortune cookies have come true.
3	After reading such great reviews about a sushi place so close to my house, I was excited to try it. My husband and I went in for dinner recently and ordered edamame, as well as one roll each. The edamame was fine, the service was great, but unfortunately I have to say that the sushi was just mediocre. I've had much better sushi at other small local places. The variety in the rolls was also just ok. I was bummed... If we want sushi again, I think we will go elsewhere.
5	This is the absolute best place for Chinese / Japanese cuisine I have ever ate at. To give an example of how good it is when my son was born the first place he went after leaving the hospital was Peking Tokyo  the service is great they remember our drinks and our most common foods we order. never had a empty glass. Great place. Small restaurant but when there is a wait it's worth the wait
2	This place is not as great as the reviews that led me here lead me to believe. The sushi was not fresh at all!! And for the prices they charge it is a crying shame. I will not be coming here again that's for sure
5	Awesome! This place has it all! Clean, fast service! Loved the free appetizer! The sauce is so good!!!! The best egg drop soup I have had in long time!!! They even have chicken nuggets for the kids!! My son ate everyone of them!!!!! They have some really awesome lunch deals!!! This place is a must try!!!!!
1	I hardly ever review a restaurant but I had to review this one.  My husband and I had a craving for Chinese food, so we ordered take out from here. What we got was beyond bland, we had to throw out our entire order.  We ordered Hunan Roast Pork, General Tso's Chicken, Shrimp Mei Fun, Roast Pork Fried rice, Ribs and Tako Su.  I cannot believe that none of the dishes had any flavor except the Tako Su, which I believe had wasabi mixed in the extremely oily sauce, which for Tako Su should not have been oily and the octopus was rough and really hard to find, for Tako Su that's a feat considering that is supposed to be the main ingredient.  I come from NY where we would order 'real' Chinese on a regular basis. I was so disappointed I had to call the restaurant just to let the owner know, maybe he didn't taste the food, who knows.  All I know is that we will never go back ever.  I wonder if those rave reviewers have damaged tastebuds???
5	I love this little place. I work in the same shopping center and they are so nice and courteous. Their sweet and sour chicken is super yummy as well. They have awesome lunch specials too! 3 sushi rolls for 11 dollars. You can count me in!
5	I love coming here for lunch. The portions are a decent size and each lunch combination is around $5 that includes soup! The hot and sour soup is probably one of the best I've tasted in a while. You can dine in here as well, very clean and pleasant atmosphere.
4	I'm with Tina C this is fort mills best asian bistro. Their sushi rocks.The pan fried dumplings are obviously fresh and homemade. The general tso's could be a little bigger and more cripy. overall a great little place.
2	Not the best for take-out. WE'll have to try the dine-in but we've had better..
5	Good Food, Clean, Better than Red Bowl, Great lunch specials. Nice staff. We eat here at least 5 times a month or more.
