4	After trying to order my pizza from Dominos and being unsuccessful, I turned to Pizza Hut. They helped me right away and I ended up getting more food for less money. They also delivered my food within a half an hour and it was hot and ready to eat when I got it. The delivery guy was very friendly and warm as well. I ordered their wings for the first time today and they were super yummy. I definitely will be ordering Pizza Hut from now on and will be ordering wings from them again on the 50 cent wing night.
3	This location seems to dish out what Pizza Hut pizzas should be. They are good and consistent. Toppings seem fresh and the staff is friendly. This is a take-out one so they don't play around...no restaurant to go through, delivery is cheap too. Not my favorite pizza or gourmet by any means but when you're craving pizza, don't want to spend a lot, and have this so close...I order from here occasionally. As the three star rating says, A-OK.
4	I prefer Pizza Hut to other brands . Here in Tempe [where I moved to from Denver, Colo] there are MANY competing Pizza places in this ASU college city. I have tried them all, and most are quite tasty and affordable. However-this Pizza Hut offers the BEST deals and Best service on what I consider the BEST tasting Pizza in town! If you want to save some money and be totally satisfied, then ENJOY this Pizza Hut pizza! [PS.-I only review/post very exceptional or very poor]
1	I am so dumbstruck by my experience at this restaurant. I have never had this happen at a restaurant until now.I went to this store yesterday at 8 pm. It was empty, no customers. I was certain my order would be quick and easy. It was a dinner box and a side of wings. Easy. The cashier was cute and friendly, and told me my order would be done in 15 minutes. Fantastic!I went window shopping around the plaza, drove around a bit, even stopped to get gas. I came back 15 minutes later, and no one was at the register anymore. I waited patiently another 10 minutes or so, thinking yes, it's a Friday night and they're probably very busy. After another 5 minutes, I realized the phone had been ringing the whole time. No one was answering the phone. I stood up and walked to the register, hoping that would get someone attention and they could tell me when my order may be done. The cute friendly cashier was gone, and all that was left was one woman, presumably the manager, and a slew of delivery men. They were all packing pizzas left and right, running out the door to their cars. I was the only carryout customer for the past half hour. One would think someone would check up on that.I waited. 45 minutes had gone by, and no one had even greeted me. The manager was maybe 4 feet away, facing me, and refused to make eye contact, as if that meant I wasn't there. I was getting frustrated. I watched as she made my pizza, set it aside, and proceeded to make at least ten more pizzas. All the pizzas were sent out to delivery, and mine was just sitting there.Ten minutes more. I have been the only person here for 50 minutes. I wish I could ask for a refund at this point, but no one will even look at me. I hear the manager yelling to the delivery men as they load up, asking where the cashier is. I don't understand why it took so long for her to figure it out, or why she couldn't be bothered to do it herself.Finally a young man comes up to me. He must have just gotten there because I hadn't seen him that whole time. He asked if I had ordered a stuffed crust pizza, I said no. I told him my order, and he asks the manager. I hear the manager say "I put it in the hot box a while ago". I cannot believe it. He pulls it out of nowhere, and says "they had written the wrong name". They were off by one letter. I don't know how that excuses anything when no one even asked my name when preparing the order. I was literally the only carryout customer the past hour. I was the only person there. THE ONLY PERSON.They slide the greasy box over the counter and leave. The manager is still standing in front of me, and I expect her to do something, anything. Even a little "sorry" would have made everything okay. Instead of that, she turns her back to me and starts yelling at the delivery men, asking where this or that is.I am so incredibly frustrated. Never have I had such rude and completely unreal service at a pizza restaurant. I will never come back to this store. Even if someone gave me $100 dollars. Never.
4	Got the new bacon and cheese stuffed crust, yumm it's pretty delicious! If you order online you can get an order of breadsticks or 2 liter of soda for free. Ordered delivery and got the pizza within 30 minutes, so it was really quick!
1	Waited for over an hour for our food. When we finally got it; it was COLD & our order was wrong. Will not be ordering from this place again. Placed my order online.
