5	Decided to try out this new to the hotel. Have nothing but a 5 star rating. I had the pork chop bone in stuffed with bacon, onions and cheese. Best chop I have had, well worth the price. Wife had a steak sandwich with red skin mashed, AMD son had the meatball sob all with glowing review! Wait staff and management were extremely pleasant, profesional and attentive. The cheff as well personaly came out to see how everything was.  If your hungry after a day at carrowinds staying at the clarion or even one of the other hotels this food is excellent as well service and price. Stay away from chains give well cooked food a try.
5	From the owners of Passion8, quite possibly the best restaurant in Charlotte, comes their next gem - a great menu filled with fresh food at affordable prices. We've tried both their lunch/dinner and breakfast menus, and they are both outstanding. The Clarion hotel (formerly Ramada), where American Cafe is located, has had a shady past. The new owners have invested a ton of money remodeling the place, and they brought in chef Luca for the restaurant. The place is not fancy, but it's nice, clean, with new furniture and a neat bar area. They've really done a nice job. The food is wonderful. Nothing is pre-packaged. All the food is fresh, and home-made. Even their mozzarella is home-made. You want the best lunch 8 bucks can buy you in Charlotte? Come here. Staff is friendly and attentive; food is great (especially at this price range). Can't say enough great things about them. Five stars all the way.
5	A great restaurant for everyone not just those staying at the hotel.  The food was awesome and lots of it.  If you leave American Cafe hungry, it is your own fault.  Everything is made fresh in the restaurant.  The homemade fries are delicious and I can't wait to go back and try a different dish.   Very pleasant staff and management.  This restaurant inside the Clarion will make the hotel be better.
5	Great new place ! Went last night. Started out with the Buffalo Cheese Dip, homemade and really good, then the best Beer battered Onion Rings..I can still taste the sweet onion and crispy batter,.We all had something different so we could try the menu- Rib Eye, juicy and delicious, Mama's Meatballs, so tender and flavorful, Stuffed Pork Chop, scrumptious stuffing and tender pork, Skirt Steak with Chimichurri Sauce! That Chimichurri sauce was so good I could have done shots of it!! We shared the Pots de Creme for dessert--Heavenly!! We will all be back..Thank you Jessica and Luca!! These are the owners of Wonderful Passion8 Bistro !
5	Best food we've had in a long time! Very inexpensive for the quality of food. Wish we lived close enough to come often.
5	Food is incredible!  You can't find quality like that in this area...believe me, I've tried!  The restaurant far surpasses it's environment in the Clarion. They are doing a great job to clean up the 77/Carowinds corridor, though they have a ways to go as it's been neglected for so long.  Don't be put off by the parking lot that still needs to be redone as you will be sorry you passed on trying American Cafe. Take note that it's inside the Clarion (which is open but still has some ongoing renovations) behind Culvers restaurant. American Cafe is very clean and welcoming and the staff has been great the few times I've been there.  Please go by and give them a try as we need to support local places like this so they stick around...especially with such good food and very reasonable prices. From my understanding almost all of their food is homemade and they purchase their ingredients locally...huge plus!
5	Oh, the fine line between wanting a whole lot of people to visit an awesome restaurant so it stays in business and wanting to keep a hidden gem to yourself so you can actually get a seat when you go!  Chef Luca has done it again.  The fella and I are big fans of Passion8, and when we heard he was opening another restaurant, we had to go.  The hotel itself is old and undergoing a renovation (the parking lot was being repaved while we were there), and there were a few unsavory characters lurking about, but the restaurant is so worth looking past all that.  The ambiance is a little lacking, but they've done the best they can with what they have.  Booths are little close together and most tables seemed to be small two-tops, but the restaurant itself is spacious, and we got an "ocean view" according to the hostess, when she seated us next to the window overlooking the pool.  Ha!Our waitress was so nice and engaging and friendly, I can't say enough good things about her.  And all around us, other waiters/waitresses were chatting with their customers and talking about how the restaurant came to be, what's coming up, thanking them for coming, etc.Onto the food!  I went the healthy route and got a grilled chicken sandwich with a side of broccoli, the veggie of the day.  The bun was buttery and crispy on the edges, which I love, and the broccoli had some garlic on top.  It was all delicious.  Although the Hot Mess Burger looked awesome, the fella built his own and got extra American cheese and a fried egg.  He said the egg was cooked perfectly - not runny, not too fried - and the burger rivaled some of the better ones he's ever had.  He asked for it medium rare, and it was a little closer to medium, but no biggie.  We also got a glass of Pinot Grigio (their wine delivery hadn't happened as planned, so they only had one type) and a glass of bourbon. And now for the best part... all that came to less than $34.  What??  They really could (and should) charge sooo much more for the quality of food they're serving, but I'll take the low prices!  At the end of the meal, Chef Luca came out to say thanks, and when we told him we were interested in trying their breakfast, he emailed me their breakfast menu directly.  Swoon.  :-)  I can't wait to go back for breakfast... and lunch... and dinner again... mmmm.
5	I love Passion 8 so had to try American Cafe.  Went in for lunch with a coworker expecting the normal lunch fair.  WOW is all I can say.  The steak sandwich was meaty and enough for two people.  Best onoin rings I've had.  My coworker loved her greek salad also.  Only problem I have now is staying awake for the rest of my work day.
5	Great food and friendly service. I really like the layout of the restaurant, lots of room, clean and plenty of tv's for watching games, ESPN, etc. I would not have gone to a restaurant attached to the Clarion without a referral from a friend, so I'm very glad I visits. Will definitely be back soon!
5	I have been looking for a great affordable restaurant like this in Fort Mill, Pineville, South Charlotte, Rock Hill area. It has only been open 3 weeks, and I will definitely be going back over and over! The chef, yes I said chef, also owns passion 8 bistro and does a great job with this restaurant as well. He makes homemade mozzarella every day, and everything looks amazing. The server suggested the meatballs, skirt steak sandwich, fried cheese wedges, and several other things. He also mentioned that all the sauces were homemade. I tried the meatball sandwich with Mac n cheese, and my husband tried the skirt steak sandwich with Mac n cheese. They both were amazing! The skirt steak sandwich had a smokey flavor that made it to die for, and the meatballs were the best I have ever had. The staff was very polite, and even my 11 month old son seemed very impressed with them. If you haven't tried this place you must! You will not be disappointed.
5	Ignore the complete lack ambience, cheap tables, and location next to a hotel that's being reclaimed from a "Crack-tel" past, this place is terrific! Food is fabulous and exceptionally reasonable in price. Dear Husband had Mamma Luca's meatballs and linguine--the best, he says, he's ever had. I had shrimp and grits, which was great. (To be honest, the s&g at Fort Mill's Local Dish is slightly better but it also costs more,) I kept picking at DH's meatballs- unbelievably flavorful, soft but not mushy and the sauce was perfection. Chef Luca even came out to meet us and its clear he is a passionate chef. The whole staff was attentive, personable, and knew a lot about the food. The tiramisu will bring you to your knees. Portions are plentiful and I can't wait to go back. Even with wine and dessert, check did not exceed $40 for both of us! This place will surprise and not disappoint.
4	Food, service & prices were great. Only downside is location/ambiance which feel a bit random, however once you get past that American Cafe is a hidden gem. Looking forward to trying their brunch!
5	This place! We liked Passon8 but it was often too formal for spur of the moment. We've been to American Cafe three times now and each meal has been wonderful. The location is a little odd, but if you care about food it's a must try. Chef Luca is kind, talented and dedicated to his craft. We've had two amazing dinners and just tried their brunch. Just $9 for two crab cakes and two poached eggs Benedict with home fries. Our older daughter had a Nutella and banana stuffed French toast. The quality for the value aren't matched anywhere else in Charlotte.
5	We went to eat here for lunch during the pouring rain and it was a little hard to find but the food was great!  We had the broccoli cheese soup, citrus jalapeno wings and a wedge salad with chicken.  Everything was very tasty.  The space is very large but due to the time of day and the rain there weren't many people there.  I am ready to go back and try a dinner item or maybe the Sunday brunch.
4	I ate here a few weeks ago and when I walked in, I was initially worried because of the slightly tacky decor and chlorine smell, from the vicinity to the pool. However, I ordered the Club sandwich and was very pleased. My waiter, Butch I believe his name was, was incredibly kind and funny, and knew the drink menu by heart. He was very patient with me as I chose my drink. Loss of one star because it was SO dark and the bathrooms were outside the actual restaurant, but it's not a huge deal.
2	After spending my lunch sweating because of the lack of air conditioning in this place, a 2 star review is kind.  On 7/19 for an 11:30 lunch, it was just as hot inside as it was out.  How can you enjoy your lunch when you are barely able to breathe?Located on the back side of the Clarion hotel just off of 77 near Carowinds, the location seemed a little sketchy, but I kind of knew it was going to be a little weird from reading the other reviews.  But from Kellie K's review, they are STILL paving the lot (a month later) and from Claudine S's review, the air still wasn't functioning.  After sitting in the heat for a few minutes and ordering, the hostess asked if a certain license plate was my vehicle, I said yes, she said they were getting ready to pave in that area.  How about marking the section you are going to be paving so I don't get that shit all over my truck?  Outside into the heat to move the vehicle, back inside to the heat to get my lunch.  By then my stomach was rolling from the heat and what I had ordered no longer seemed appetizing.  I came close to just leaving and going to the new Culver's right next door that has the good reuben Jeff reviewed.  Alas, I stuck it out in the sauna.  My waiter, Kyle, was exceptional.  He told me that it was the same chef as Passion8 (never been, don't care, if the food is good, it could be a pack of felons back there cooking it).  Very personable and he suggested the Marinated Skirt Steak served with chimichurri sauce, a baked potato and broccoli ($13).  The steak was cooked as ordered to medium, was tender and well flavored.  The chimichurri sauce did nothing for it, so I scraped most of that off.  The potato was dry and the packets of butter that I had to wrestle from their foiled coffins did nothing to help that, nor did the scoop of sour cream that I added.  The one stalk of broccoli was underdone for my taste and covered in butter/oil (?) and sprinkled with cooked garlic or shallots, not sure which, scraped that off as well.  Presentation of the dish was lovely, waiter was fantastic, price was more than reasonable... that would be the end of the good points for me.  Both of the sides to my dish were bleh, it was hot as hell in there, the parking lot is a freakin' mess and the ambiance (I got the pool view) leaves a lot to be desired.  There was only one other table seated for Friday lunch, so if you want to try this place, I would hurry over - with no A/C I don't think it will survive the summer.
2	I really hate to do this, but after a few visits back, I think my original 5-star review was way too premature.  It's pretty difficult to overlook the sketchy clientele of the hotel, which is usually hanging out in the parking lot making me feel uncomfortable, and the atmosphere of the restaurant itself leaves a lot to be desired.  I realize they don't have a lot to work with, but still.I had been willing to overlook the clientele and atmosphere because of the service and food, but the last couple of times, that's been pretty iffy, too.  On our last visit, the waitress told us they were offering half price bottles of wine.  We asked for a list - there's no list.  Ok, can you tell us what whites you have by the bottle - two chardonnays, no other whites.  What's the price on those?  Unclear.  Upon ordering the salmon, they were out of the salmon.  Sigh.  The waitress was a little too eager, and the only response she knew to our questions was "my pleasure," which made me feel like I was at Chick-Fil-A.  The chef came out after we were done eating, which was nice, but he realllly wanted us to get dessert, even after we twice said we were stuffed, etc., and we finally had to get pretty adamant about it.  I hate to have been a little too starry-eyed when I wrote my first review, but I think American Cafe is off the list for us.  We'll stick with Passion8.
5	Yup, at the moment the area is sketchy. But, it's across the street from Carowinds which draws people from all over. Why not look at is as an opportunity to people watch :-) We stopped in a couple of weeks ago for dinner and all of the issues from previous reviews were nil. Parking lot was fine, A/C was cool and comfortable. The place was empty at 6:00 (thanks indeed to the few crummy reviews...it's a brand new non-chain locally owned business...give them a break please!)The service was super friendly and efficient. The food was delicious! Steak sandwich was cooked beautifully, burger was seasoned very well. I think there was a tasty Caesar salad in the mix as well. Given the amount of not-even-trying anymore local places in Fort Mill/Tega Cay (except Local Dish) we finally have a restaurant with a well thought out menu and food that is cooked to order and executed very well. I'm a fan of hidden gems and this one hits the mark. If you're thinking about lunch or dinner and are bored with the usually choices who stopped caring about your taste buds a long time ago...give this place a shot and you WILL enjoy your meal.
5	Don't pass this place by.   Not your typical small venue hotel bar/restaurant.   They had an excellent local IPA on draught and all the food is made from scratch.   The wait staff was prompt and friendly and the manager made sure to come by and chat with us.   We ate here 2 nights in a row.   The first night we thought we were settling because it was a very convenient walk from our hotel. The second night we were glad to have such a pleasant place to come to for dinner.   The ambiance is not super,  but all else here more than makes up for it.  Also,  the music they are playing had us trying to shazam several songs.  I can vouch for grilled cheese with butternut squash soup, the zucchini,  and the fettuccine alla panna.
