3	Since I'm not a rail-thin teenager that can successfully wear skinny pants or those flowy tops that make me look pregnant, there wasn't a lot here for me.  But I did find some great deals in the clearance racks -- my best score was a cashmere cardigan for $35.
5	As far as outlet and discount stores go - this is the best of the best!  Places like Nordstrom Rack, Marshall's, Ross, etc. make my head spin with all the unorganized racks.  You will not find that here!  Everything is well organized and there is usually several of each item.  Great selection of designer jeans, cute tops and accessories.  Also love the men's stuff, although too trendy for the boyfriend.
5	Still clean and organized, still has great deals, and is still one of my favorite stores in the WHOLE WIDE WORLD!
5	I am a savvy shopper. I like nice things with nice prices. As another rater wrote in an earlier review If you like high end designers at low end prices, then this is the store for you. This store always has slashed prices since it sits in a outlet mall. They always have additional discounts of the prices. If you sign up to be on their mailing list or for a store discount card they e-mail you sales. Now this is the type of "Junk Mail" I love. As strange as it may seem this store never seems to be busy. Which is nice for me since it allows me to shop comfortably and not have to worry about long lines. Everyone who works their is friendly. There is no pressure to buy anything.The layout of the store is neat and always clean. The racks are in order by size and not trashed like other outlet stores. Dressing rooms are well maintained. There is always someone in their to assist you if you need help.They have a great return policy which allows you to return your items if needed within 30days. This includes sales items. I don't give to many retail stores "5" stars, but Off 5th deserves one. I have never left their disappointed.
5	A huge selection of designer jeans for half price and if you catch a sale, even more. I've bought a few 7 jeans for me and Joe's jeans for my wife here. I really can't stress this enough, if you want to buy a pair of designer jeans, go here first and save yourself $100+ dollars.
4	I love Saks.  I mean LOVE.  That's right, I used the L-word when talking about a department store.  I enjoy walking thru their spacious store, neatly organized into smaller boutiques, each with its own appealing displays and helpful, friendly salespeople.  Gorgeous clothes, high quality bags, lust inducing shoes with a great mix of the trendy and classic.  This is where the rich and beautiful people shop, my friends.This place is not Saks, it is a Saks Outlet.  So, not at all the same experience.  However, since I don't have the bank account to be able to actually purchase anything at a "real" Sak's, this is a nice alternative.  The first couple of times I went to Off-5th, I left empty handed because to be honest the prices were still a little too high for me.  Gradually, I discovered that the secret is to shop when they are having their sales; sign up for the email to get notified and some extra coupons.I disagree with the reviewers that said most of the clothes are for teenagers.  I have seen a wide variety of sizes and styles there.  However, like most discount stores, you really have to dig thru the racks to find the good stuff.  The shoe and purse area is much more well organized with nice displays and again, if you wait for the sales, some great bargains.  The really upscale in-demand designers like Jimmy Choo, Gucci, and the much coveted Christian Louboutin are usually only available in the extremely small or extremely large sizes.  As others have mentioned, this is also a great place to find name brand purses and sunglasses at much lower prices and there are a ton of gift options.
4	Great sales on mens high end jeans.  Pick up their frequent guest card, and they extend additional percentages off of sale prics.   This is my favorite place to pick up mens Buffalo Jeans at excellent prices.  Normally they are $100-$130 but coordinate with their sales and you can pick up a pair for $55.
5	It is well worth the drive for me from Central Phoenix to Arizona Mills for this little gem in Tempe what I spend it gas I make up in dividends in savings. I have gotten three pairs of my favorite designer jeans there now at literally 1/3 of the normal price and I didn't have to fight off an orc to get them. As a matter of fact the day that I went was like I had the run of the store and I was shopping alone. For all the many bad experiences that I have had in shopping in outlet stores Sak's made up for it with a wonderful shopping experience and great value.
4	The younger Hispanic cashier who also works mens department was the most courteous and helpful out of all the off 5th stores. He was more than willing to help me and answer all my questions with out having to go ask anyone. This location lacks a lot of the selection compared to the new store in chandler but makes up for it inservice.
