5	$25 for spa pedicure, which includes everything.  I love that they actually cleaned each spa pedicure station and even mopped the floor surrounding it each time a new client would sit. The massage chair worked really good.  There was a great selection of nail polish. My lady paid attention to details, especially with cutting my cuticles and shaping my toe nails in which I am very particular with. The foot massage was fantastic and much needed! I definitely love this place!
5	I LOVE THIS SPOT! I've been a very loyal client to my dear friend Marianne, the owner, since I was living across the street!Now, I WON'T GO ANYWHERE ELSE TO GET MY NAILS DONE!I can confidently say one thing - Marianne's good nature takes care of all her lovely clients and doesn't forget your face...a personal touch that is quite lost in the hussle & bussle of owning your own business.Marianne you have my unending devotion....& my PEDICURE this morning was FABULOUS! THANKS TO Nathan! *kudosxoxoxxxo
5	I like this place Mary Anne did a great job on my nails I got gel French manicure. I will definitely be a regular at this salon.
1	After reading the great reviews I decided to try Famous Nails.  I called in advance for two pedicures, when we arrived only one of us were seated, this was fine.. however after both of us were in the chairs, only one of us were serviced.  It took thirty minutes for the second pedicure to begin, when Marianne the "owner" started on her she actually told her that it looked like her feet hadn't been attended to in a year!! "Rude"No apology for making her wait.  She was rushing so fast through the service, we actually asked if someone else could finish.  She said fine and walked away.  Unbelievable!  She made us feel very uncomfortable, and actually seemed upset with us.  Very disappointed with her disregard and outright rudeness.  No apology necessary.  We won't be back.This is what happens when these shops overbook.  Client suffers.
5	I absolutely love Maryanne, she's amazing at the gel manicure! This includes the cuticle and hand massage! She has a variety of colors and produces...I am there every two weeks! Loving the price and her retentive nature when it comes to my nails.P.S. She's gives a bomb pedi too!
3	The only reason I liked this place was because of Maryanne. Maryanne moved to a beautiful salon on el captain And flamingo! Her number is 425 260 7973 ;)
1	Arrived and guy at counter acted like it was his first day... Asked for a mani peddie and he leads me to the pedi chair ...... Sat for 25 min and nothing got up and left!!! Worst service ever!!! Beware!!! Looked dirty...
