5	I have a lot of experience with the parts division, they are very helpful, friendly and knowledgeable.  The prices are seriously great- yes even at the dealership.  I always check online before making a purchase there and the prices are right on point.  The Kawasaki brand items cost around as much as a premium aftermarket but that is a debate about quality some will argue until the cows come home.This place is always clean and they recently remodeled.Thanks for the service, tips and chats Kelly's Krew.
5	This review is about the type of people that work at Kelly's Kawasaki.  I have no knowledge of who owns the business and have never had any personal relationship with anyone working there at any time.  What I can tell you is how they treated me, a total stranger, when I came to them for a favor.  If you're like me, you want to work with GOOD people that deserve your money and your time.  I can vouch for Kelly's Kawasaki - since even though they knew they weren't going to make a dime off me, they truly treated me with genuine kindness.My husband and I were planning a graduation party for his son that just graduated from MMI (Motorcycle Mechanics Institute).  We were also planning to have our first child together, and money was beyond tight.  Graduation decorations were an expense we couldn't afford, so I had the bright idea to ask motorcycle dealerships from nearby to give us old posters they didn't need anymore, which we could put all over the house and yard.  My thought was that with new models coming out all the time, they'd have to get rid of old model advertising often, so we should be able to get some great donations.  I was dead wrong.  My husband and I went to every Harley Davidson, Yamaha and Kawasaki dealership and not a single one tried to help us out - except Kelly's.  We walked into Kelly's Kawasaki and told them a quick version of what was going on, and the kid at the desk got a manager immediately, who listened to us and then rounded up about 50 different posters for us and put them in a big box for us to take home. They were so kind and considerate to us I started crying I was so grateful (granted I am pregnant).  They didn't have to act this way, they could've acted like every single other dealership and not wanted to give us their time or be kind.  Instead they were respectful and truly generous with their time and resources.From this act alone, I will never buy from any other dealership, I will always recommend them, and I ask that you consider this local business as your first stop, because they're good people.
2	They have a decent selection but no one to talk to... business goes elsewhere.
5	I cannot say enough positive about how I was treated at Kelly's.  In the past, when I owned a 1500 vulcan, they took care of it and I was always happy with service.  However, that's not why I'm writing this review.  If you need someone in sales, go to JOEY GIBBS.  He will treat you with respect. He's honest and will work for you and is just a nice guy to to business with.  I discussed one of their Honda's they brought in on trade and I wish CAR sales people  would take a lesson from Joey.
5	I recently bought a motorcycle for my husband (best wife ever, right?).  He picked out the place, but I was the one needing to get financed. We put in all the financing information in online and by the next day their helpful finance guy called me and let me know that we had been approved and could pick up the bike that day!! My hubby was on the road with his new bike that afternoon and is happy happy happy! Great, no hassle service!! Would highly recommend for anyone considering a bike!
5	I took my 2006 Mean streak into the service department today 10/11/2013 due to a small leak I was having. I was told by the service rep that I would need to leave the bike with them so they could track down the leak. Problem being I had no ride home and my roadside service would not cover the trip between my garage and Kellys. Thankfully I was able to talk with one of the Service managers (Josh) and they were able/willing to move a few things around. And within about 90 minutes the bike was fixed and I was on my way. I would highly recommend Kellys Kawasaki to anyone who needs work/service done on their ride ;-)
5	These guys are great!  I bought my bike from this place and was extremely satisfied in the way I was treated.  Their location is out of my way, but I return here for parts and service, just for their customer service.
4	I bought a jet ski here 30 years ago very happy.  Just moved back to mesa and havea kawasaki teryk and buy alot of parts.  I race locally and damage alot of parts.  The parts people are very friendly and get my parts same week usually from kawasaki alway remember me that is a lost service feature by people who work in most places these days!  Highly recommend these guys.
1	I honestly can't say I've been to a worse cycle store. I've dealt with this place in both parts and service and they get nothing right. I've ordered parts that, after explaining in detail what I need, had the wrong part ordered. "I know exactly what you're talking about." Famous last words. Common parts that they don't even stock. I took my bike there to have a service done. The guy told me there would be a wait because they have so much work ahead of my bike. I'm patient, but after almost 2 weeks, right when I'm about to call, I get a LETTER IN THE MAIL saying they DON'T HAVE MY PHONE NUMBER to contact me. I called them and they not only had a number, but the RIGHT NUMBER. I had to wait for something in the mail when these guys had my number. The service guy said it was some woman's number. I called my number from work. It was the generic computer voice. Yes, a female computer voice. When I called back a couple of days later, he said he'd been trying to call that number, but it still didn't work. Every phone I used reached my phone. Two days later, the one person in a motorcycle store who knows how to use a phone called me (same number) to tell me the bike is ready. This is THREE WEEKS LATER. To make up for it, they took a couple bucks off the bill. Now I have a motorcycle that I'm going to have to piece together after having to take it apart and learn how to FIX WHAT THEY BROKE. Loose hoses, incomplete work, garage full of pulled apart  motorcycle pieces. It was an expensive lesson to learn, but I will NEVER set foot in this place again and will steer any friend I have away from this DUMP.
5	Great business, friendly staff. I bout a 2013 Ninja 650 here, the salesmen were not pushy at all, and very helpful for a new rider such as my self. The service dept is also very friendly, I've taken it in a few times for basic tuneups and they do exactly what I ask for and the pricing is very reasonable.
5	Bought a used motorcycle from here, had an issue with the bike starting, as this was a used as-is bike, I was concerned it was now my problem. Kelly sent a truck and trailer to pick up the bike at their expense, fixed it the right way and made sure we were happy with our purchase. This was only a $2500 used motorcycle, and they did everything to make it right. Most places would not have taken the time with a small purchase. The staff was great, Matt was there even when we had an issue. Long story short, Bike runs great, could not be happier. Would go back again for my next purchase as I feel they stand behind what they sell. AAA+ for Kellys. Would recommend to anyone without hesitation.
4	I'm not about to give these guys a 1 star, because I have had some good experiences there.  My last visit not so much.  One of the reasons I'm told a simple oil change is so expensive is because they also detail your bike.  I figured detailing is nice and all, I may as well pay the extra money to get my bike detailed on top of getting my oil change.Upon my last visit, not only did they refrain from cleaning the bike at all like I supposedly pay for them to do.  They also told me a couple more things were wrong with my bike.  Due to a past experience where I caught them in a lie saying something was wrong and I needed to pay extra to fix it.   When I mentioned my warranty they came back "Oh sorry, I guess it doesn't need to be fixed, its working correctly".  On this visit they told me my Hydraulics were "dark" and need to be replaced and one more thing.  I took the bike to my friends motorcycle shop where he informed me there was nothing wrong with my hydraulics or the other things that Kelly's Kawasaki mentioned and they were just trying to get more money out of me again.  I'll not be returning here next time.Update:  Manager called me and asked what they could do to keep my business.  Offered me a free cleaning to make up for not having gotten my bike cleaned when I was last in there.  I appreciate that.
1	I walked in there today prepared to buy a motorcycle for my son walked around 10 people looked at me not even one person said hello hi good morning anything I walked out I will buy a motorcycle elsewhere
