5	Great people, great skills. Fellas check it out.
5	I absolutely love my new hair do!  Jessica is the absolute best!  After only going to her twice now, she knew how to cut and style my hair so it wouldn't be too difficult and take too much of my time to style it.  When I left her salon, it looked fabulous. The trick is when I style it, will it look as fabulous as when she did it?  The answer, it absolutely does look fabulous!  Plus, she gives the most amazing head washes ever! I was really spoiled by my last gal in Vegas as she did the best head washes and I just couldn't find the right person here in AZ for the past 7 years until now!  Please go see Jessica at the Luxxi Salon!  She is truly a hair artist!
5	Sarah Alexander at Luxxi Salon is just perfect! Another great haircut! No explaining, she just knows style. She is on the cutting edge of fashion and just has the eye and know how. The price is so great! You have to experience it to believe, this type of service you would expect to be over charged, not at Luxxi, not with Sarah Alexander.
5	Wow!!! I was referred to Luxxi salon because I was new to town and wanting a salon with Knowledgable stylist and that's exactly what I found. I am very picky about my color and Extentions and Jill, the owner did an awesome job listening to exactly what I wanted. She picked a color that was just the right about of change I wanted and the Extentions were put in to perfection!!! I'm addicted to Luxxi Salon now for all my hair needs. Thank you Jill!
5	Love, love, love my experience here. Jill was great and did my hair perfectly. Very reasonably priced which allows for a more generous tip. Can't wait to go back!
2	Came out with a hurting scalp, that got way too much combing!! Very nice & sweet stylist, but too amateur to be doing ladies hair I think. Typically I walk out feeling good about how I look. Not this time. GRRRR. Not cheap either.
4	Elizabeth is one talented lady.  This shop is lucky to have someone as detail oriented with extraordinary customer skills as this young lady.  I am the WORST critic when it comes to my hair but this girl knocks it totally out of the park.  I do think the prices are wayyy too steep but if you have the $$ this is the person to see.  It is DEFINITELY the person who drives my business to this shop!
5	Love this place! I send everyone I know here, never heard one bad thing. If you're looking for a professional service with aFamily feel go to Luxxi!!!
