4	Was there this past weekend for a drink and some munchies. Love the atmosphere, awesome music, nicely surprised. Too bad the pation wasn't open :(We had a couple of pitchers of bourbon lemonade. It was a beautiful day so this really quenched my thirst. We had the popcorn shrimp and frito-lay pie to nibble on. The pie was decent, and the shrimp were addictive! Almost had a sweet and sour taste to them. I was checking out other folks and their dishes, the fried chicken and ribs looked awesome. Nice and messy! Will definitely be back for a meal.Was a little on the pricey side, but worth it if you want a little treat.
5	The fried chicken is amazing. Do yourself a favour and share a bucket with friends. Portobello tacos are delicious and my friends really enjoyed the fish tacos although I haven't had a chance to try them yet. Have also had the steak burrito, which was good, but next time I'd stick with tacos and friend chicken. The lemonade with vodka is great. This place is small, so be prepared to show up early or wait for a seat. You do feel rushed to leave, but that's understandable given that seats are at a premium. Once the patio is open that should help. Both times I've eaten here I've been seated at the bar, along the wall. The napkin dispensers on the walls will remind you of school, but you'll soon see that they're really quite useful.Great place for some kick ass tex mex eats, it's quickly become one of my favourites in Montreal.
3	Fried Oyster Po-Boy! This little place serves ups some serious southern inspired food. Get their early since they don't take reservations. The patio out front is a great place to people watch.
5	The pitchers of bourbon lemonade are enough to make anyone an instant fan of this place. The chicken and red fish tacos were good. The stuffed jalapenos were excellent (but don't bother if you can't handle some fire). Good location for people watching, and the napkin dispensers on the wall are great idea since these can be some pretty messy eats. Perfect for a late evening meal before heading out on the town. I'll be back.
4	A friend and I passed by Icehouse last Tuesday. I had heard a lot of fairly positive things about it, as well as some grumbling about price... so it was high time that I made it over there to formulate my own opinion. We arrived before 8 o'clock and the place was almost completely full. We managed to get seats at the counter on the terrasse, which turned out to be the most awkward restaurant seating I've experienced in a while. The counter is too shallow to comfortably sit straight, yet the chairs are too close together to be able to sit sideways without being forced to play footsie with your neighbor. Not to mention, on a beautiful summer day when you want to sit outside and do some people-watching, you've actually got your back turned to the action and you're facing a wall. Moral of the story: don't sit at the counter.We started off with the bourbon lemonade, which was very tasty and generous on the booze. I had two of these over the course of the evening and I was definitely tipsy, even after all the food we ate. Yum.Between the two of us, we shared the fish tacos, the lobster burrito and a side of the jalapenos stuffed with crab. The fish tacos were entirely forgettable - I can't even remember what they tasted like. Probably nothing. The lobster burrito on the other hand, was really really REALLY good. Wow, yum. I think the stuffed jalapenos were good too, but the lobster burrito was so tasty that I went into obsession mode and literally couldn't think of anything else while I was eating it.We were still hungry, so we decided to order an oyster po boy to share. It was really tasty, but not much like the oyster po boys I've had in New Orleans. I was also thrown off by the fact that the waiter described a po boy as a "sandwich that basically has anything fried in it". Not quite, buddy. In any case, I definitely understand the appeal of this sandwich. Messy, saucy and tasty. I really wish there were more oysters though. We cut our sandwich in half and I only had one oyster in my half. (To be fair though, my friend had tons in his half). It was good, but the lobster burrito was better. Or... maybe I was just hungrier when I ate the burrito. Who knows.The total with tax and tip was well over $100, which, yes, is way too expensive for what it is. But next time, I would just grab a lobster burrito at $20, and that's it. No $9 bourbon lemonade X 2 next time. Okay, so it's not exactly a "cheap eat", but cheap lobster is kind of an oxymoron.Service is... not fantastic, but it wasn't BAD either. This is a fun place with a casual vibe, so no, you won't be doted on, but you'll get your food with no problems.Would I go back? Sure. I probably wouldn't order any fried chicken or ribs because I've spent time in the southern US and I'm not sure that Icehouse can hold a candle to the freakishly good side-of-the-road cheap wonders that I gobbled up down there. But it's a fun place. Just don't sit at the counter.
4	One of the best 'veggie' burritos I've ever had. The bourbon lemonade was really good, too.
4	The steak burrito is delicious.
5	Just came back from the Icehouse and it was amazing.We had trouble finding it at first since its really small and not well indicated.  Luckily, we found it and got a table. The place is soooooo small! it has 4 large picnic tables, 3 small tables made for two people and counter space.  Super quaint and super cute though. To drink, i had a bourbon lemonade....... SO GOOD. went down the hatch pretty well. my friend had a normal gin and tonic.To eat, we were recommended the crab cakes, lobster burrito, chicken wings, short rib tacos and bbq chicken tacos (new to the menu).The crab cakes were the best i have ever tasted, Crispy outside, tender inside, and tasted only of crab. We settled on two different kinds of tacos (comes 2 on a plate); the short rib and bbq chicken. The short rib taco was a bit dry to my liking but my friend thought it was awesome.... so varying opinions. The BBQ chicken was amazing! it was topped with fried brussel sprouts..... really interesting. On the side, we ordered a biscuit. it was really good and ginormous. Next time, try a bucket. they just empty it out in front of you on the table. Cool concept. Total bill: 53$ not bad for the amount of food we had and quality.Tip: get there early since there is limited seating and don't expect to be there long. Service is quick and efficient.
4	Come early to get a table, Icehouse takes no reservations and is tiny. Recently we mosied in at 6:30 on a Friday with a group of 4, sat down at the last available table and had a pitcher of bourbon lemonade within minutes. We watched 3 other groups come in right behind us and then leave.Icehouse isn't fancy, it's just central, tiny, friendly and no fuss. Plastic trays, no plates, no menus but everything we tried was undeniably tasty. The prices could be better but the bill at the end of the night still seemed cheap to our Toronto friends, and the food is really filling and flavorful. The $20 lobster burrito got rave reviews, I loved the cheese stuffed jalapenos and my deep fried oyster po'boy.
5	Bourbon lemonade was outta this world, as was the food.   It's tiny, so expect a wait, especially if you're with a group.
4	Icehouse is a controversially good place. I've been postponing a visit there for a long time for one very annoying reason - they don't take reservations. And I don't go to places where I don't have a guaranteed table. Me and long lines are clearly not friends. Anyways, Icehouse is an interesting take on a New American cuisine taqueria style:Location: located one block from the St Laurent madness, it's very convenient to stop by for those awesome tacosReception: this place doesn't take reservations, and is a little too proud/arrogant about it. I understand that one of them has studied economics 101 and figured out that low supply (or impression of it) will result in higher demand. Food is not economics. You have influencers, who get pissed off at waiting and no reservations, and you have everyone else who will follow influencers. I personally know at least 20 foodies, who refuse to go to Icehouse just because they don't like the uncertainty and possibility of waiting. Ambiance: it's a garage converted into a restaurant. Super simple design, good, crowded, loud ambiance. Slightly pretentious in its simplicity, but still interesting. Food: food is great. I had all kinds of tacos, burrito, sides - it is all good. Sometimes a bit too much sauce or parsley, but guess what - tastes differ. Drinks: they don't have coffee, tea, or anything non-alcoholic except water and lemonade. So if you don't drink, you are shit out of luck. And no espresso after your dinner. Suck it up and go to second cup around the corner. And then re-read my point about pretentiousness/arrogance above. Conclusion: I will only go back there on weekdays around 6-7pm, since this is when they will likely have free tables. If they don't (and they don't take reservations), I will totally log back on here and change this review to a much worse one. Note to owners: People, there is opentable, telephone, text messages, internet, mail pigeons for gods sake to take reservations. If you don't make enough money to install phone/computer to take reservations, I'm sure there will be plenty of Montreal yelpers who will donate enough money to buy you a netbook! I will be the first one!
3	I'm glad there was such a massive line at Schwartz's that I by-passed it and went to this little gem instead. I was seated promptly outside (Saturday, 7:30pm), it was warm out but they also had the patio heaters on, if I came not even 10mins later I would have ended up having to wait for a seat. I went alone, and the servers were very nice and attentive. I didn't know how the ordering process went though, so I made the mistake of getting my seat first then asking for a menu. There is no "menu" per se, it's written on the board inside, so you have to read there and then order. Also, it's only in French.  Ordered the fried chicken tacos and a beer ($17 for both). At first, it looked like there wasn't much chicken in the tacos, just pure lettuce, but underneath was a fair share of chicken. The chicken had a bit of a fishy taste to it, I'm assuming it was in the same batter or same oil as the chicken? Nonetheless, it was pretty good. Crispy outside, juicy inside. I didn't like the fact that there were tons of jalapeno chunks inside the taco though. Perhaps they should serve those on the side, or put less? Also, why don't places ever use corn tortillas?? I think they make tacos taste much better. I wasn't super full from my meal, but full enough. Getting a dessert would have been nice, if I was able to read the menu from the outside. Maybe they need to print out their menu for the patio customers. Overall, I'm glad I was able to try this place out. I'd eat here again next time I'm in Montreal.
4	Great food. Simple and very well made. No pretentiousness just great flavors. I'll just quickly review the items I have tried so far:The sweet potato tempura tacos are to die for. So much so that we had to go back the day after for seconds. They're messy to eat and addicting.The lemonade with bourbon.. exquisite. Perfect balance and choice of ingredients. It just works so well.Refried bean burrito is excellent and bursting with flavors! In short.. go to Icehouse, the hype is not fluff!
4	We made a quick stop for Father's Day to sample a couple of items and it was D-LiciousThe place is small and old fashioned; picnic tables, no tablecloths, roll of brown paper for napkins (very useful!!) opt for the terrace if possible1st off that Bourbon Lemonade is addictive, too bad i was driving 'cause i would've taken a whole pitcher!!The pulled pork taco was great and that crunch (fried onions?) made it even betterThe star of the night was the fried chicken!!! God it's good, just enough skin with a tangy spice, just amazing. it's served with a fantastic potato salad and a good old coleslaw.The only unsatisfying item was the shrimp taco that lacked some oomphff!! i would of like the shrimp more fried but the spicy sauce gave it a good kickService was super, very fast and attentive. nice going gals!!will definetely go back for other types of tacos, po-boys AND fried chicken and will bring a DD for my pitcher of Lemonade!!!
4	PROS:1. Savorful, hearty, drool-worthy food. We had the lobster burrito, wings, and so much more. Everything was really good but the lobster burrito hit it out the ballpark for me. The drinks are not too strong and complement the food really well. 2. Service is fun and friendly. The atmosphere of the place is very cool and relaxed. Great place for drinks and food at night.CONS:1. Pricey but I'd say it's a place you'd only go once in a blue moon, so the cost is worth it.OVERALL:-I'd recommend it and would go back.-Worth every penny!
3	The food was amazing, the drinks were mediocre at best. We shared several tacos and burritos. The shrimp poppers are delicately sauced and were a great way to start the meal. The lobster burrito was definitely the highlight. It was a bit expensive compared to the rest of the menu, but 100% worth it.So, I would have given this place 5 stars if I had ordered a Pepsi. However, we got the Bourbon Lemonade. Essentially, we paid $50 for a pitcher of Wild Turkey and sourmix. Major disappointment.The atmosphere is hip and the service was quick and personal. The decor was authentic and, but for the weather, you wouldn't know you were in French Canada.Long story short, if you are near St. Laurent, eat there but don't drink there.
5	In the mood for some Tex-Mex? Then make your way to Icehouse for some deep-fried southern comfort! They do not take reservations and there will most likely be a long line up that takes around 30-45 minutes to get through, so mentally prepare yourself and keep your group limited to 2-3 people since it is a small, but cozy place. A great restaurant to enjoy some bourbon lemonade over their hot and spicy comfort food, their menu is written up on the wall by the open-kitchen and ranges from fried chicken to tacos, to burritos and spicy popcorn shrimp, among many others. They have an interesting variety to choose from, which I have never seen elsewhere in Montreal.Their tacos are soft, loaded, and come in two's. You probably could not tell with all the filling that takes up most of the space on the plate, but the meat is definitely under it all and comes packed with flavour too. The pulled pork and shrimp were great picks. Next on my 'to try' list? Fried Chicken Tacos. They also have an array of hot sauces to choose from, some of which may definitely clean your colon dry.Ever heard of a lobster burrito? I definitely have not, not until I came to Icehouse anyway. Apparently it is one of their best menu items, and it better be for $20. Mind you, the burrito is huge; if you split it with someone, paying $10 for it will seem much more appropriate. Loaded with corn, beans, and other typical burrito stuffing, the one thing this mouth-watering wrap was missing was a kick of spicy heat (which I could have added on my own if I was not too busy stuffing my face). The lobster tasted great, soft, and fresh - not in the slightest bit rubber-like or chewy. Definitely a must have! Next on my 'to try' list is their Oyster Po'boy, which looked phenomenal and their Catfish BLT that just sounds fantastical.The popcorn shrimp was pretty good, I was not expecting it to be spicy but that did not bother me. They are the perfect snack if you are in the mood for something on the smaller, lighter-fried-side and not looking for a heavy meal. Alternatively, the lobster roll can also be considered a lighter option depending on one's appetite. "Delicious, savoury, an explosion of flavours in your mouth, and totally satisfying," are just a few ways my friend described it and she would eat it again in a heartbeat. Next appy-must have? Crab-stuffed Jalapenos, yes you read right.Icehouse has so much to offer, it blows my mind. It is on the higher end of the price range, and most likely in large part due to the ambiance and popularity, but definitely worth it once in a while.
5	Icehouse takes the meaning of "a bucket of chicken" to a whole new level... because it literally comes in an actual bucket - a metal one, not one made of cardboard that will eventually turn see-through. Thin battered crispy fried chicken covered with a couple of hot sauce shakes. The chicken was juicy and really soft, which leads me to believe that they were sitting in a vat of buttermilk before they met their impending fry-o-lator doom.One friend had the lobster burrito. This thing was the size of her head. Stuff with generous chunks of lobster, corn, homemade corn chips, black beans and drenched in a tarragon aoli, The burrito was the size of a football... if the football was the size of a Nalgene bottle. I had a bite of it and it was really delicious. I really enjoyed the crunch from the chips against the bite of lobster. My friend made it a point to tell us how good it was because she said it after every bite, and made these faces that even *I* felt violated for the burrito.
5	Icehouse is one of our favourites.  It was a hit last summer and we think it'll be another hit this summer as well.  With the great food they serve, the hot sauces, the great vibe, and the edgy rock soundtrack, you'll want to go more than once.  So if you missed it last summer, or if you haven't gone yet, what are you waiting for?
4	This is a great place for a casual drink & bite with some friends, a first date, or a night out with your significant other. I ate a combination of a couple tacos and a po'boy sandwich with fried oysters. Everything was delicious. If you are in Montreal this is a must visit. I plan to go back soon to taste more from their menu.
1	I was super excited to go to Ice House as a friend was raving about the fried chicken. But was quickly disappointed, not so much by the food, but the poor service that we received. Our waitress was outwardly rude to us throughout the evening - like she decided when we sat down she didn't like us! We asked for help with the menu since it was our first time, and just told us to go look at it. When our food arrived, the coleslaw splattered all over my friend, when it was dropped on the table. Accidents happen, but when our waiter realized it, they weren't any ways apologetic and didn't even offer a wet-napkin for her to clean up the coleslaw that was on her dress and hair. The coleslaw also splattered all over her drink glass, when we asked for a new glass, our waitress looked as us confused, "you want to wipe it"? No, we'd like a new glass since this was smothered in coleslaw. We ordered the fried chicken and 7-layer dip and the food itself was good and something I would normally enjoy. But the lack of service and general politeness will not have my return or refer this place to anyone.
1	I heard all sorts of good reviews for this place.  I went last night and had the worst experience I have had in restaurant.  Deep fried chicken had a 1 inch crust and inside chicken was raw.  We had an assortment of tacos all very blan and boring didn't eat half of them.  The 7 layer dip was severed in a small round plastic container and was Impossible to eat and all I could taste was olives.  The French fries where horrible.  I was with a friend who eats out and we both couldn't believe how bad the food was.  The service was horrible? Tons of attitude.   The menu on the wall was noy visible from half the restaurant.  I asked for a menu and the girl looked at me and told me it was on the wall and to stand up.   I get that they are trying to give a certain feel to this place, but if you can't get the food to make up for it then it fails.   I've been told the cooks have changed in the last few months so I'm going to blame it on  that.   I do not recommend even trying this place.   Horrible.   There are many new BBQ place in the city that are cheaper and better
5	We went back to Icehouse this year and it was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G as always.We went with our usuals: the bourbon hard lemonade pitcher and the grilled steak burrito (best in town).  We also added the fried chicken tacos (excellent), the cabrito tostada (pretty good) and the crab guacamole (decent).
2	Ok. I really want to give this place a better review. I can't though. They won't let me. Every time I go, the food is pretty good (especially the lobster burrito), but there is always some lame ass moment. If you go alone they will most certainly make you wait while they let couples pass you by. EVEN IF YOU HAVE BEEN WAITING 45 MINUTES PLUS. Yeah, first world problems, I know. Still sucks when you are paying $20 for a lobster burrito and over $7 for beer and tipping 20%. The burrito is good, but truly not worth the hassle. Their booze drinks are WEAK. I have sat at the 'bar' area and watched them put about half a shot of bourbon in the overpriced bourbon lemonade. The staff seem fairly nice but always in a rush. Ultimately this place is Canadian kids playing dress up at tex-mex BBQ. And way overcharging you for it. Last time I went I gave up and left. I won't be back.
5	We met here on a cold snowy Sunday night,Of all the places to find in mtl, tex-mex is pretty unusual. But I'm so glad it's here. We were 8ppl and we ordered up a storm. Tacos, burritos, 2 buckets of ribs, 7 layer dip, fried apple pie, and to make go down easier a pitcher of iced tea bourbon.My fave is the pulled pork taco, which is very nice, balanced BBQ flavour  served with fresh lime and some crispy pig skins.The lobster burrito was ok, it wasn't bad just you couldn't tell it was lobster if no one told you.The bucket of ribs was amazing, fall off the bones, it was a bit on the sweet side, but nothing bourbon iced tea can't fix. The tangy bourbon iced tea contrasts very well with the BBQ items on the menu.We completely did not see the hot sauce "bar" available at the front counter, next time I come back I'll be sure to borrow...The fried apple pie with ice cream is just wrong for your figure, but it will bring out the kid in you! And boy is that kid going to be happy :)Good eating in the neighbourhood :)
1	2nd Review: I've been to Icehouse on 5 different occasions so obviously, I've been a fan. But not anymore. I was quite disappointed in the way they handle their clients if they happen to be a pair. Here's what happened: On our arrival we were asked if we would like to sit outside but declined because it was windy and cold. Despite there being 2 free seats at the bar we were told to wait - I did mention them to the waitress but she didn't acknowledge me. I just figured they don't use those seats for customers. After 10 mins of waiting in the cold a table was freed up and we were asked if we would like these seats but that we could only have them if we're willing to share with 2 other people. We said sorry, no thanks.  So a pair of ladies came in and was promptly seated at the 4pax table because they were okay sharing tables. Another 15 mins go by and two guys show up and the waitress asks them if they would like to sit at the two seats at the bar that were  free (but we thought it wasn't available because she ignored me when I asked about it), to which they reply: "But these 2 were here before us"and she says"Ce n'est pas grave" (Oh don't worry about it)And in they go to sit to eat. Why didn't see give those seats to us before and why is she letting them in before us?!Needless to say we were getting annoyed as it was the 3rd pair of people who were seated before us. We felt like we were being punished for not wanting to have our dinner right next to two strangers.Shortly after a table for 4 becomes free and after 5-10 mins of waiting (expecting they would give it to us..) I ask the other waiter what's the deal. I tell him we've been waiting 30+ mins in the cold and that there's a free table inside that we could use. He says "We only have two 2pax tables and this is our policy." I tell him it's a ridiculous policy and he shrugs it off and leaves.What a terrible way to treat your customers, especially when there's no one waiting behind us in line. It's not like we were even holding bigger groups back or anything. We just stood there incredulous and decided to leave. Lesser patient people would have made a much bigger fuss much earlier. Instead I felt this review would be enough to let others know that if you're a couple and don't wish to sit right against 2 strangers, you better hope those 2 places inside are free and that the waitress doesn't pick favorites.
1	I really can't understand how this place still manages to get good reviews, it makes me wonder if people just feel the need to give a place praises because that's what everyone else has been saying.I had like everyone else, heard great things about Icehouse and was told it was a must try. My sister on the other hand warned me that it really wasn't worth trying, she was right.The service was horrible!! The concept of not having a menu for every table and only having it on the wall really fails to work when your location is L shaped and half the restaurant has to get up and awkwardly stand beside other tables as they eat and chat while you in a rushed fashion try and decide what you'd like to eat.I was willing to put the crappy service, crappy menu placement and lame, nasty, gimmicky serving aside (they basically dump the food on the table) as long as I was about to eat some great food, that didn't happen either. We were a large enough group with big enough bellies that we were able to sample almost all that the menu had to offer and didn't find a single item worth going back for not to mention that their fried chicken has to be one of the nastiest things I've ever tasted.You won't be seeing me at icehouse anytime soon and I know that I speak for everyone that was with me in saying...not deserving of the hype
5	Living downtown has a number of perks. One of the big ones on my end is the proximity I have to so many great restaurants. It hits the bank account a bit but when I get a craving for a certain type of food, I am usually close enough to a restaurant that can satisfy my desires. Last Friday, I had a serious hankering of some tex-mex BBQ. Luckily for me, I am a short walk away from one of the best Montreal has to offer. So I called up a buddy who I knew would enjoy the experience, we braved the cold and made our way to Icehouse. Icehouse is chef Nick Hodge's second restaurant, he of Kitchenette fame. This small, probably 30 seat space in the Plateau serves up comfort food with a decidedly Texas flare. Tacos, Burritos, fried chicken, ribs. You come here hungry and you most certainly leave here stuffed.As soon as we walked in the door, we were given a complimentary cup of warmed Dr.Pepper with bourbon. Warm and sweet, the bourbon added a nice kick to it. Given the stiff cold we had to deal with outside, it was a most welcomed surprise. Once that drink was done, we each ordered a glass of the house Bourbon Lemonade. I simply love this drink. The perfect balance of sweetness and sour of the homemade lemonade with the punch of the bourbon. When I've been here in the summer, there is nothing better than ordering a full pitcher and enjoying it on the small terrasse outside. Regardless of the food you order when you visit, the Bourbon Lemonade is an absolutely must.As an entree, we ordered the queso fundido with chorizo. While I had expected a little more chorizo that we got, it was a very good dish. The consistency was good - thick enough that it stuck to the tortilla chips but not so much that the chips broke when you dipped in. Nice balance of the cheeses - slightly sharpeness but still mild enough. A good start.For the mains, my buddy ordered the Lobster burrito with pico de gayo, corn and chips. As a side, he ordered some fries. Now I am not a burrito guy. Really not. This one here may have changed that. Absolutely stuffed with lobster, so much so that my buddy was a little surprised, the combo of the lobster with the pico de gayo and the corn had a great balance to it. The fries were perfectly executed as well.On my end, I ordered the half bucket of HP sauce ribs that comes with coleslaw, smoked potato salad and a buttermilk biscuit. The biscuit was flaky and rich. The coleslaw is more of the creamy variety if we were to use the St-Hubert coleslaw scale but still light enough to offset the richness of the potato salad. The Ribs were picture perfect. Just fall off the bone good. The sauce had a nice smokiness and sweeteners that basically made you want to suck up every drop of the sauce that was on the paper towel laid below the ribs. It is so good that once the ribs were done (and believe me, that didn't take very long), we dropped the fries into the sauce and finished them off that way. Believe me, if you order the ribs, you need a few towelettes but frankly you won't care.Icehouse is one of my absolute favorites since I discovered it last year. Note for couples, it is not the place for a quiet sit down meal. Despite its small size, it gets relatively noisy quickly pretty on top of the great music that they play throughout the evening. We walked out of there waddling slightly but very happy about the meal we just had - just like every other time I have visited.If you are looking for a cool, relaxed setting to enjoy a great meal, Icehouse should be high on your list.Cheers!
1	I have never been so disappointed by the service in my entire life. I had been to this place once before and it was fine, but the second time around, it was terrible!!! Our waiter was rude. When we ordered a beer, a coke, and a glass of water, he snarkily responded, "Oh yeah, part-tay!" We were there with a person who had a food allergy and we asked him for a suggestion of what he could order, and the watier responded in a very dismissive manner. "Just tell me what you want to eat," he said. When we mentioned that two of us were planning to share a bucket of chicken, he suggested we go for the large version. Now neither my friend nor I are Jabba the Hutt, so there was no way in hell two people could finish so much chicken. He then forgot to place our order and left without telling us he was switching servers. We had to order again after 30 minutes and when the food did come, it was giant baseballs of chicken and they were thrown unceremoniously on the table on a brown paper mat. There were two measly halves of a biscuit thrown in with the chicken, and when we bit into one of them, we noticed that it had the consistency of chewing gum and realized that it was still raw. We thought that they were apologizing by giving us a discount on the chicken (charging us for the small bucket rather than the large), but after we paid, our waitress realized that she had mixed up our order with someone else's. We were then forced to pay for this disgusting bucket of chicken.  Wouldn't recommend this to even Jabba the Hutt!http://farm5.staticflickr.com/4129/4981059066_371157fce0.jpg
5	This place is atmosphere and shear phun!!!  Either a love it or hate it relationship will exist after you've visited and for me I love it and come almost every Friday night... I sooooo need it!   I cannot continue through to the next week until I have my chicken taco and a cold pitcher of Creemore.   It's no frills Tex-Mex and you are going to get messy.  Paper towels on the walls and a sheet of brown paper on the table, what more do you need... utensils?  Hipsta please!  Pass anyone of the 25 hot sauces and lets get at it.I love it at the Icehouse and can understand how some can be taken aback a wee bit... well a lot of if they come unprepared and unaware.  Yes... you may wait on a busy night, but take a peek as to how small the place is. So take it for what it is and get used to it, cause Icehouse is an experience as much as it is most likely the best Tex-mex in this city.
1	It's bad I can't leave zero star, in few words since I'm still sitting here, overpriced and bad food, no mention the chicken was most disgusting think I tried in my life, never again! Believe the good fakes review and be so disappointed like me right now...
3	I have mixed feelings about the Icehouse. The first couple times I went with friends were awesome. The Bourbon lemonades, the crab-filled jalapeno poppers and the fish tacos are amazing. They also make this awesome watermelon-tequila drink of which you will dangerously want a whole picher for yourself!! But lately I took my boyfriend there since I had been craving for more of their awesome food and we were extreeeeemely disapointed. The cheese-sauce and steak burrito is such a bummer, filled with french fries (why??) and way to sloppy. But that was nothing compared to the fried chicken. There are no words to express how bad that was - hard a rock, badly fried and boring fried chunks of chicken. I give it a 3 stars because their drinks and apps are grest but I would definitely recommend you stick to the basic tacos and avois the chicken bucket!!!
2	Having grown up in the South, the food does not compare well with the BBQ I grew up with.  TeX Mex was marginal at best.  Ridiculous price for a tiny pour of bourbon.  Will not return.
3	This is one of the best restaurants in lower plateau or probably the best. Tasty, greasy food with good sauces. This is a place to be in a sunny afternoon and enjoy it with your friends. Great vibe inside. I haven't tried a lot of tex-mex places but this one definitely has thermosphere.+ great tacos / vibe- we were 3 and ordered chicken plus some fish tacos. The place was crowded ok, but we waited at least 40 mins or so. If you are very hungry this is not your place. Go to Main, across Schwartz's.- dry chicken. Not sure if this is how it's supposed to be.
4	Go in with an appetite !! Don't underestimate the small tacos, they are filling. Be sure to top it off with some Bourbon Lemonade, and if you're the hungry type, try the chicken bucket and the ribs. AMAZEBALLS.
3	This is a decidedly Montreal take on a classic Texas staple: the ice house. The concept of the ice house is this: it's damn hot outside, so let's sit in the shade, order a bucket of cheap beer, and let our dogs run around. So what then is an establishment like this doing in Montreal? I don't know the answer to that, but the similarities to Texas ice houses stop at the decor, meaning the decor is Texas themed. They have Shiner Bock posters up, but do not serve Shiner, what gives? Next departure would be prices. Ice houses are supposed to serve a bucket of cheap, light beer cans (Lone Star, Shiner, Coors, Bud, ect. choose your piss-water). Instead beer here is still piss-water, but damn expensive piss-water, even by the pitcher. Never far from an ice house is a $1 taco truck serving up delicious street tacos. Montreal's Ice House serves delicious food, but it's $$$. Have you ever paid $16 for a burrido? Now you can. The food is tasty, but everything here is very expensive in defiance of the core Ice House principals of providing a cheap place to hang out.
3	Ate here last night and was glad a table was available, because the place is small.Had  the fried chicken, potato salad and coleslaw with a bourbon Lemon aid.What  I Liked:Very crispy chicken, I like crispyLots of different hot saucesdecent selection of drinksOur waitress was great, made sure we had everything we needed.What I didn't:Drinks were weak, we were asking ourselves whether there was any alcohol actually in  there, I ended up just getting a beer.Barmaid behind the counter had some attitude I didn't care for, but hey I'm just a customer right.Would I go back? Maybe, but likely won't be making a special trip to eat there like I did yesterday.
4	The Spot: Hot, smokey and vibrant would be my description of the plateau's staple tex-mex restaurant, Ice House. Where once stood a mexican style restaurant with a great tequila menu but hardly the clientele to support it, Ice House now has taken over, boasting a constantly packed house of patrons eager to fill their belly's with authentic Texas style eats.What's Really Good: We've got two words for you: Lobster burrito. Yup I said it. The Fried Chicken is good too. Ice House has what I call a "lo-fi restaurant style". With its simple brown paper tablecloth, chalkboard menus and diner style napkins and cutlery, Ice House is pleasant and welcoming, especially considering there really is no sexy way to dig into a bucket of pork ribs or the aforementioned fried chicken, (both available in half or full bucket servings.)The taco menu also offers you the usual, chicken, steak, seafood and veggie options. You'll find all the other Texan fixens such as popcorn chicken, crab cakes, wings, oyster po-boy's and a brisket sandwich.You'll wanna know: Depending on the day, the bourbon lemonade can set you on a fast-track to a blackout (my personal preference) or taste like liquid sour patch kids. If you prefer consistency, opt for a nice spicy caesar. When you think you've ordered enough, go for one more dish. Sharing is caring after all. Finally, the atmosphere is awesome. Ice House is loud, fun, vibrant, and most probably full of familiar faces. You'll definitely be tempted walk out with your top button undone.
3	I've been to Icehouse several times and always came out satisfied, until this last time.  Perhaps it's because it was a Sunday, when typically restaurant chefs take the day off, but the chicken was dry and bland and simply not worth the expense.  I'll come back to try one more time, with hopes it's good, but it seems this spot is a hit or miss, nothing consistent.
3	This place was recommended to me by my landlord, who suggested many other good things in the area, so I thought I would try out the Icehouse. Since it's only about 100 feet away from me, I figured it was only a matter of time before I stopped in for a beer anyway. When I heard they had good bourbon lemonade, I was sold, since it's pretty hard to find good bourbon outside of the U.S. The bourbon lemonade was pretty tasty, though fairly pricey as well, considering that it is not very strong. I know alcohol is more pricey in Canada in general, especially for things like imported bourbon (they use Maker's Mark in their drinks). But, I couldn't help but think that the bourbon lemonade was all part of the owner's business plan to serve people salty food that they greedily wash down with sweet, expensive drinks in order to run up their bills.The menu features all kinds of regional American cuisine, though you'd never be able to eat the things they serve here at a single place in America. For BBQ, you go to a BBQ place. For seafood, you go to a seafood place. For tacos, you go to a taco place. Once more, you're not likely to find great seafood and great bbq in many of the same geographical regions in the U.S., so not only would it be hard to find these items in the same restaurant, but it would be hard to eat them all in the same state.The fish tacos my table ordered were quite delicious. I did not eat any of the oysters the table ordered, though they reported they were delicious as well. We enjoyed everything for the most part until the bill came - everything was priced a bit higher than we would've expected.The place is very tiny inside - it looks more enjoyable when the patio is open.
2	This review is long overdue, but hey, better late than never! I had heard a lot about Icehouse and that it was a must-try resto in Montreal. I am a fan of Southern comfort food so we ventured here for a friend's birthday in November (the month is relevant, you will see why soon enough). I had heard that it was rather small, and found out they did not in fact take reservations. When we arrived, we saw why; they have a max. seating of 25 people (we were originally 15 people in our party, of which 6 ended up staying to actually eat). We had given our name to the "hostess" (mind you, there wait staff takes on the hipster "I'm too cool for you" attitude which can be very off-putting) and were told it would be awhile. We ended up ordering drinks on the patio (which had heaters, but it was mid-November and pretty nippy out, so not ideal). We ordered a pitcher of beer, which came out half-head (such a rip off) and ended up costing 23$. After about 30 minutes of waiting outside, our group dwindled down to 6 people. We had debated leaving, at which point I went inside to pay for the pitcher, and was met with a rude "we're not allowed to only sell alcohol, you have to order food too" speech from one of the waitresses. I explained to her that we had been waiting for over half an hour and had yet to be seated inside. We eventually decided to stay anyways, and were told that we could eat outside if we wanted to. Although I did not like the idea, we ended up staying. After ordering more drinks outside, a table freed up inside which we quickly grabbed. The tables are by no means capable of holding 5 big guys (and me), but we squished in and made due as we had no alternative. We each placed our order; I had the shrimp po-boy, while others around the table ordered 1/2 bucket ribs + 1/2 bucket fried chicken, full bucket of ribs, etc. Although our orders were, by my standards simple and easy to understand, the wait staff still managed to make a mistake. Instead of 1/2 & 1/2, they brought a full bucket of fried chicken and 2 half buckets of ribs. After explicitly explaining that they made a mistake (as they fought us on the issue saying that that was what we ordered), they brought out another 1/2 bucket of ribs. The food was decent, but not close to being as comforting as authentic southern food. And the wait staff left something to be desired in the customer service area... That being said, I would not recommend this place, nor would I willingly go back.
2	I'm not  a fan of this place, it seems to have a laissez faire vibe and everything is overpriced. I mean sure the food is great (Steak burritos and popcorn shrimp= win!!) but the fact that there are no menus, and you have to awkwardly stand in front of a chalk board figuring out what you want is really annoying.   Also the service is s**t  20+ minutes for a drink order and the waiter was a bit snappy, but ill give him the BOTD and chalk it up to him having a bad day. I'd go back but it has to be under really special circumstances. Seriously guys like tip 10-15%
4	So it's really late and we wanted to go out for drinks and a bite. The place we'd originally wanted was packed to the rafters so we started to walk back to the car when...there was Icehouse. 2 folks from Ottawa, one from Toronto and my partner and myself - we were greeted promptly and the friendly and welcoming service continued right through the experience. Drinks were not only great but special requests were accommodated without a second thought. I am in love with the bourbon lemonade, so refreshing and wickedly wonderful.  We sat out on the porch and had THE best time. Didn't want too much to eat but the old fashioned beef tacos really hit the spot. The Ottawa folks asked for some of the fried chicken with one taking the coleslaw and the other the potato salad. The raves over the chicken, the incredible corn bread kept coming with superlatives being added with almost every mouthful. I personally loved the potato salad though some found it too sweet. The coleslaw was just right. I can't wait to go back there and really dive into some of their other dishes. What a find! What a treat!
3	Great lobster burrito and the nachos are very tasty. The place is tiny and they make you wait outside. The waitress was rude but also rushed. The food made up for the lack of service .
3	Food tasted good but for tacos it is was pricey. Not a lot of seating either. I had the lobster taco which was 20$ but was small. Drinks are good though. They only have one Bench for a large group other than that go with only one friend.
2	The best thing about ice house is the brown paper that they use instead of plates. They also make a delicious lettuce taco.
4	Solid choice for dining off the Main, Icehouse offers a full menu of tacos and burritos with interesting combos. ALWAYS order a bourbon lemonade with your meal, not to be missed! Good bets:Popcorn shrimpMahi Mahi tacoPulled pork taco (amazing spicing on this one, a tad heavy on the cloves)
4	The food is lush, striking the right balance of southern decadence and class. I've found that the quality varies somewhat, but I've yet to be dissatisfied. The decor is inviting and rustic, and the lighting is pleasantly minimal in the evenings. The service is friendly and speedy, but you may outright be asked to leave if too many people are waiting outside. If there's one thing that needs work, it's the hard-to-read, half-unlit chalkboard menu. It's a terrible system to has led to me missing out on tasty menu items.The bourbon lemonade, popcorn shrimp and mahi-mahi tacos are all fantastic. The crab guacamole nachos are limp and lacking in taste. The lobster burritos are not worth the price. The "old-school" tacos are delightful.In other words, it's not perfect, but I'm very glad it's there.
2	Don't let House of Cards fool you, there's no decent barbecue joint in Washington DC. So when my Texan friend who has been living in Montreal for a decade told me about a BBQ joint he had been meaning to try - I was in. After all, I was at 4 poutines in 3 days and even as a native Quebecois in town just for a few days, I needed a break. From the very strict "wait outside" policy (I went inside to look at the menu, and I was told to "take a picture of it and GTFO") to the waiter who literally splashed us with coleslaw (everywhere on our shirts - didn't apologize) to the ridiculous prices ($20 or a half rack of ribs, with one side, seriously?), Icehouse screamed attitude. Their food better be good then. Right? Not really. Popcorn shrimp had amazing breading, with definite Asian influences with the sweet sauce. The ribs were fall off the bone. Good stuff. The fried chicken had also great batter, but the chicken itself had probably been prepared too long and it was dried DRIED. For my friend, all was saved when they brought the corn bread and potato salad (vinegary, thick, excellent). For someone in severe BBQ withdrawal, it was fine. I guess that sums it up. Note: Posters of shiner bock and all around - and yet you don't serve it? Shame on you.
2	First off, the food here is fine. Some of the stuff is pretty good, even. Upon first entering, there is a nice air to the place; well decorated, interesting menu, etc. The problem here however is that the place is too aware of the positive. Every item on the menu is overpriced, and the staff have never been particularly attentive to me or my party in the several times that I have visited. I used to live in the southwest, and though I was very excited to see a frito pie on the menu, I was sorely disappointed by it. Not even real fritos! Had the consistency of stale deep fried tortilla strips. As much as I wanted to like this place, I can't come here anymore, and not just because of its subpar frito pie...just kind of feel like I'm getting ripped off for some not all that great food.
4	Just off the main drag is this gem. We had the spiked lemonade and the half chicken bucket. The spiked lemonade is just like what the other reviews say, delicious. The fried chicken bucket came with 5 pieces of fried chicken,  corn bread, coleslaw and potato salad. Everything was amazing. The chicken, although harder than most fried chicken, was  double fried and had a great taste to it. We loved the flavour of the sauce they used over it. My personal preference would be that the batter wasn't as hard and crunchy but it was still so tasty that I wasn't bothered by it. The coleslaw and potato salad were top notch; both very tangy and flavorful. I'm not usually a cornbread liker but even this was good. Not as dry as most I've tried. The vibe was cool, hip, upbeat and different. The service was friendly and helpful. We had a really good time and would definitely go back.
4	Patio and terrasse are so perfect. A lot of people, reservation is impossible.Happy Hours worth it all the way.Food is good. Different kind of tacos: Chicken, fish and shrimp are the best.Drinks are Home made and pretty interesting : Pimped iced the is great.Looking forward to go back to this place this summer after work!Cheers
3	Icehouse Short and Sweet The line up was a bit long, the place was tiny . I didn't like that menu was written up on a chalk board wall . I couldn't read half of the items ( not many ) and had to basically go near and around other patrons to read the menu. They should provide a paper menu at least. The service was fast and efficient no fuss. What we ordered :fried chicken taco,old school beef tacopopcorn shrimpsbbq chicken burritoWe also ordered a big jug of bourbon lemonade The tacos were yummy , the right balance of ingredients and spices. The only thing i would change would be the soft taco shell on the fried chicken taco.I wasn't a fan of the popcorn shrimps WAY too sweet and they were tine shrimps. As for the BBQ chicken burrito whoever came up should *^*&%$%^#$#! Im sure there somebody out there who loves it, but as for me NOPE! I dont know if it was the bbq sauce who messed up the whole burrito. I believe our total was about 70$ or maybe more. Icehouse is worth the try.  But don't expect too much!
4	Small yet cozy animated restaurant!  I was anticipating  great food the moment I walked in. There homemade limonade and bourbon is delicious and refreshing.  I also had the chance to try their mahi mahi tacos. The fried fish was warm and crispy , and the tangy coleslaw reallly brought everything together. I have to  go   back and definitely try more oof their   menu!Positive points : good service , great deco and cheap eatsDebbie downer point:   might not  be your style if you are looking for an intimate spot as everyone is squish together.  Expect  to share a  picnic table with strangers if you are only two.....(I personally did not mind at all )
5	I like my restaurants small and recluse. With good music playing (The Pixies, duh), autographed photographs of retired skaters hanging on the wall (Tony Alva) and a small but perfect menu: tacos, tacos, and tacos. I'd eat here every night if my waist band and wallet allowed me. I love their popcorn shrimp, portobello tacos, their veggie burrito (guac for miles) and their crab nachos. This place has something for everyone. Also, their bourbon lemonade is the perfect libation / thirst quencher. They also sell pitchers of beer.Don't be surprised if you bump into Win Butler.
4	The place is a hit and miss. When super busy the food is a miss when there are no lineups the food is fantastic. The bourbon lemonade is wonderful.  Lobster burrito is good.The decor is great and atmosphere is wonderful.
4	Good food, had the beef wrap and fish tacos( Tacos were actually very good). Ambient is lovely, Service not so much. Found it a little over price but overall it is a great joint. I will definitively be back and try other items in the menu.Bourbon lemonade is quiet good too, pricy at $9 a glass.
3	This is the kind of spot you think is awesome when you've never visited the American Southwest. My expectations were somewhat met. Some menu items are solid and totally worth it, some are three times the price they should be. That bourbon lemonade pitcher, as delicious as it is, is a total rip-off at over 40$ plus tax. What do you guys put in there ? Liquid gold ? Stick to the beer and you'll have a good time.
4	The style:- this is a meat house, the focus is in tex-mex (ribs, chicken, burritos, etc)- there arent alot of veggies or sides, they believe the burrito order doesnt need anything else. Buckets of ribs and chicken some with potato and coleslaw- they are friendly but their style is aggressive. They will throw things onto the table (coleslaw, ribs)- there are no plates, just a roll of brown paper on the table- there are no knives and forks unless you ask for themThe good:- the ribs where very good- lobster burrito was also very good- positions where fair size, burrito was enough for an adultThe bad: - its very expensive, burrito was $20- they make you wait outside- the dont take reservations- if you are only 2 they will mostlikely ask you to sit with someone else unless a table of two is available... Ideally come with a group and helpfully your timing is good enough that you can find a spot that fits your partyOverall very enjoyable, great experience, highly recommend.... Just know its not a date restaurant, it a guy night out restaurant
4	Oh no... I ate too much, but it was all delicious including the cole slaw and the potato salad. Everything was great. What a great taco, what great ribs, fantastic!
1	We showed up at 6:45 and were lucky to get the last two-top. Felt bad for the people after us because they had to wait outside (it is -10 tonight).The handwritten menu on a board it was hard to see - the writing is small (I wear glasses) and some parts have no light at all. Ordered the shrimp ceviche (on special) and popcorn shrimp and a bourbon lemonade. Bourbon lemonade was way sweet, had very little lemon, and maybe had a shot. For $10. Waited at least 30 minutes for our food. This I didn't mind so much. Shrimp ceviche: the portion was palm-sized. Tasted good. They brought us a shrimp po boy - not popcorn shrimp - but my companion was too hangry to complain. I didn't complain because it was loud, so maybe it was an honest mistake. Anyway... The remoulade on top was very, very sweet, it was too much. The shrimp themselves were good but they got so soggy in that sauce. (I'm from the South, no sauce is that sweet.) For the portion sizes and taste, it wasn't a good value. We paid $40 including tip and came away hungry. We could've ordered a bucket of chicken for almost the same price. The service was friendly and they were enthusiastic about the menu. They were really nice. It gets loud. Just depends on if you're in the mood for a rowdier setting.It's really unfortunate that we weren't pleased with our meal. I've read reviews where when it's not packed its good, and just forget it if it is crowded. I have to agree. But I was so disappointed, I won't be back.
