5	First off let me say I did not put much faith in Chiropractors. I just didn't believe all the things they claimed they could accomplish. So I never went to one. Then one day on a Tuesday I was walking out of a business meeting and started to limp. It got worse as I continued toward the door. Lucky for me my wife was with me that day because I had to lean on her to get to my car. Wednesday morning I could not walk with out the most agonizing pain I ever experienced. The pain was in my lower back and legs. It was so bad I had to ask my wife to go out and get me a walker just to get around in the house. The next day I made an appointment to see Dr. Zamora because she was in one of my business groups. I was desperate to get rid of the pain I was experiencing and figured chiropractic couldn't hurt and maybe it could help. I walked in her office in a lot of pain. I could hardly walk at all. On a scale of 1 to 10 my pain was a 12. I left much better than coming in. On a scale of 1 to 10 my pain was around an 8 however I still couldn't walk without a walker. I continued to see Dr. Zamora and was finally able to get on a cane and over time ( a lot less than I thought it would take) I was off the Cain and walking again. I am VERY thankful I decided to go to her. She is fantastic, caring and very informative about your health & well being.
5	I started seeing Dr. Roxane Zamora a few months ago when I couldn't move my neck to the left. Seriously - I was in a lot of pain. First, she took x-rays of my back and neck to identity the problem. My Atlas was severely out of whack to say the least!  I was prescribed traction exercises to complete while I was in the office, plus being personally adjusted. I'm not going to lie, one of those traction devices looked like something I could hang myself with. But I tried it - and liked it. Then we went to a room that had this foam pillow with a triangle cut off ~ my absolute favorite! I need one of those for my home, please.When I went in for my chiropractic adjustment, Dr. Zomara explained what she was going to do so I wouldn't be taken by surprise. My hips were off, my neck was out of alignment, and my back felt like it had been ran over by a Mack truck. I was a mess! Ten minutes with her using pressure and an activator, and I started to feel some relief from the pain.The final touch comes in the form of this massage bed that has a heated core and a roller that literally rolls your stress and pain away. Pure Heaven!Will I go back? Most definitely! I also learned a very important tip - Eggs Get Cracked... We Get Adjusted! There is a big difference.
5	Dr. Polhman is amazing! He is always professional, yet fun to talk to.  The place has a good waiting area, nice facility, clean, and friendly staff.UPDATE!  Dr. P isn't there anymore.  I will leave my 5 stars, because they were smart enough to hire the man.
4	Dr. Zamora is friendly and professional at the same time. I am the worst patient EVER and everyone there is always nice to me. After my car accident Dr. Zamora has helped me with awesome adjustments. I'm thankful I have found them.
