4	Let me admit one thing....my review is purely based on the fish taco..and a couple other things!My wife and I cant get enough of the fish tacos....2 of my favs: fried tilapia...ummmmmmm....smoked salmon...yummy.I had their chkn quesadilla once and it was really good too.Also I like their guacamole...it comes on a tostada when ordered as a side...which is awesome with the guac.
4	Tex Tubb's Atwood location is a favorite of mine that I seldom find my way to, so when I learned that a west side location was in the works for the old Firefly property I was excited.  No longer would I have to wait for a show at the Barrymore to get my taco fix.  I always liked Firefly but I never really make it a destination.  When the west side Tex Tubb's Taco Palace opened a year ago my friends and I went for the Grand Opening.  We had seen exec chef K. W. "Tex" Tubb play around town before, including a memorable set at the Capital Bier Garten, and when we heard he would be playing at the opening we made it a point to be there.   I've been coming back regularly ever since.  I was skeptical of the fish tacos at first.  I had heard of the phenomenon before but I wouldn't have had the guts to try them if not for the prodding of my friend.  I really loved them, so much that I wouldn't shut up about for pretty much the next week.  The blackened tilapia with the soft corn tortillas was my usual at the Atwood location and I never deviated since I'd usually not been in months.  With the west side location I've been more adventurous in my many repeat trips, and I can say I like all of the fish tacos but I have not tried the shrimp.  The carne asada, el pastor, chorizo, mushroom and ground beef are all good too.  I recently tried the fried avocado, and this is quite possibly my new all-time favorite.  I usually skip the side rice and beans and I've never tried the burritos.  I don't know if I ever will get off the taco side of the menu, in fact.  Decent burritos or enchiladas strike me as something that can be gotten anywhere, but a truly great taco is something worth seeking out.The downsides to the west side Tex Tubb's: as with all Food Fight establishments the price is on the high side.  I don't like that chips and salsa cost three bucks, but I do like the new salsa bar.  It was one of the features of the Atwood location that I really missed.  Service while generally good can be lax, frustratingly so when the place doesn't seem to be that busy.  The clientele at the west side location skews more to the family set, so there can be a few screaming children to deal with.  Upsides: there is more room and outdoor seating, plus parking is a bit easier than the Atwood location.  $2.50 Lone Stars is a good deal no matter where you are, and a bucket of five is only eleven bucks.  There is apparently breakfast on the weekends, which I've not yet tried but seems like a good idea.  And most importantly excellent tacos, which is why I keep coming back.
3	Have been twice so far. Decent meal. Not spectacular but not bad either. Guacamole was WAY overpriced for the amount you get. And it's a bit annoying that you've got to pay for the chips. Not a huge fan of the salsa's there. Only three salsas available the evening I went, but was hoping for more, given we had to pay to get chips to dip into them!
3	I would give it 4 stars if the West Side location had a salsa bar like the original East Side Tex Tubb's. The black bean soup is hearty and good for the thousands of cold winter days in Madison. Try every type of taco at least once. My favorites are the veggie and grilled mahi mahi. Saturday and Sunday breakfast burritos are good after a late night out.
4	i had absolutely no complaints with tex tubb's.  great food, super friendly staff.  not too expensive.  all around good experience and i will return.
3	What we ordered:- 1 fried avocado taco, 2 chicken tacos - chips and salsaWhat we thought: First, we didn't realize that the tacos came with default flour tortillas until too late.  We prefer corn and naively assumed that all tacos are served on corn tortillas.  I don't know why I assumed this.  Maybe because I've been eating tacos all my life and I've never been served a taco on a flour tortilla except at taco bell?  Nah, couldn't be that.  They came really done up:  tomatos, sour cream, cheese, cabbage, carrots.  Very fancy.  Also very big.  I'm sure two would be enough for dinner.  We each ate one.  She said the fried avocado was gross, and that it was a great way to ruin avocado.  I thought the chicken sucked.  It was just boiled white meat.  Aren't you supposed to grill it a bit, or something?  We would skip these if we came back and try something else.  Also, tacos came with beans and rice.  They did this up a bit too, so the rice had like spices and veggies in it.  She didn't think it was an improvement on rice.  I liked it.  The beans had an off flavor, and were dry and too thick.  Looked like a lump off poo, to be honest.  And I don't like that kind of thing.Chips and SalsaWarning:  THEY CHARGE FOR CHIPS AND SALSA.  The nerve!  honestly.
3	I used to be a regular and had always been pleased with the tasty food and affordable prices. I've always ordered the same thing: chips and guac, mushroom tacos with rice and beans, and house margaritas on the rocks--these items have been consistently delicious up until the last couple of  times I've visited. After a brief hiatus I returned for lunch one day and learned that they had started defaulting to flour tortillas for the tacos instead of corn, which I thought was a big down grade. Last weekend I went for dinner, and I was really disappointed to get flour tortillas again even after specifically asking for corn. The tacos are not nearly as good now. Also, the chips, which used to be free, seem to be getting more and more expensive. I know that these are tough economic times, but come on--$2 for a tiny basket of chips? This past weekend we were charged for two servings of chips even though we only got one basket. Maybe they automatically charge by the number of people in the party? Or it could have been a mistake, I didn't check. Anyway, I'm sure I'll still visit on occasion, but I'm disappointed in the flour tortilla policy and the chip situation. Margaritas are still good, at least. :)
5	I had previously rated the Atwood location, and given it 3 stars because of the uniformly terrible service.  I have since eaten at the University Ave location.ALWAYS GO TO THE UNIVERSITY AVE LOCATION.  Avoid the Atwood one--you'll sit there with an empty margarita glass for 20 minutes while the servers ignore you.I love their fish tacos, particularly the shrimp ones.  I haven't eaten anything there that wasn't pretty good.  Coming from Missouri, I don't assume that I'll get corn tortillas without asking, but I can understand being annoyed about getting flour as the default.  The food is really good, and at the University Ave location, the service is excellent--we were seated immediately, our waitress was extremely attentive, and I was amazed at the speed with which our entrees were served.
5	Great drinks and great food. And they're very cool with kids (we have a 2 year old and I'm pregnant with yet another). Relaxed, nice atmosphere. and LOCAL cuisine. What's there not to love?
4	Tex Tubb's has an Austin vibe, with Willie Nelson for President posters and George Jones 8-tracks as decor.  The food is rather good, if not spectacular.  I'm a fan of the mushroom tacos (traditional style on corn tortillas) and two-dollar Shiners during happy hour from 4pm - 6pm.  It's a cozy place to go for a change of scene, and pretty dead-on for Austin-style Tex-Mex.
3	The man and I have been meaning to stop in the west side location for a while, now that we live in Middleton. The first time we went to Tex Tubb's it was at the Atwood location, for brunch, and we had less than stellar service. The second time we went, more recently, it had vastly improved. SO, we decided to give the University location a go, as well.There's something that's missing at the west side  TTTP. The salsa bar, obviously(unless I just didn't see it, but our waitress never offered)...but even something beyond that. It just seems like a stripmallicized version of the Atwood location. Aside from THAT, the food was so-so. I wasn't as wowed by my blackened tilapia taco, and I thought both tacos(I also had catfish) had wayyy too much sloppy stuff. One had black bean puree, flavored mayo, AND guacamole. It was so gushy that I couldn't even taste the fish that was swimming(haha) around in the depths of goo.The side of guac we ordered was so-so and less than flavorful. I also didn't appreciate being seated across from the side door which was totally drafty, either. The limeade was tart and tasty, though!I'll go again, and try something else.
2	We went to the Atwood location.  Not impressed.  We all had Chicken Tacos and Chips & Salsa.  For one thing, they charge extra for Chips & Salsa.  Any other Mexican restaurant serves them up as part of the meal.  The tacos were swimming in water.  The chicken was not drained enough.  They completely fell apart.  They were also very tasteless. We seem to pass them all the time so we figured we would check them out.  We are from Dallas and can really appreciate a good taco meal.  This wasn't it.   We will continue to pass them up.
1	I felt really ripped off. I paid almost 5$ for a taco that would have filled up my cat, but certainly not myself. It was not even the size of my hand and there was one mini tiny piece of fish in it. It didn't even taste that good either.  Definite skip their prices are outrageous. I prefer Chipotle for big burritos :)
3	After running some errands my wife and I needed a place to grab a quick bite and we happened to be next to Tex Tubb's Taco Palace.  A quick taco sounded great!WARNING:  This is not even close to authentic mexican or Tex-Mex food.  So if that is what you are looking for....go to Mexico or Texas because it is hard to find in Madison.Walking in, it was decorated nice and a bit over the top but thats is the gimmick.  After sitting down I was a bit taken back that they charged $1.00 for chips and salsa.  OMG...$1.00...we got some and some queso dip as well.  The chips were very good and the salsa was decent.  The queso dip however lacked in flavor.I had 2 different tacos.  The first was a soft shredded beef taco and the second I decided to go for the Philly Cheese Steak taco.  Both tacos were very good especially the Philly Cheesesteak taco.  It was different and I liked that.My wife got the cheeseburger quesadilla and she enjoyed it very much (WARNING:  Food is very greasy and will give you gas).  I had some and thought it was...eh...it was ok.So, I enjoyed Tex Tubb's and would eat there again if in the area but would not go out of my way to get it.  What was cool is they served tall boys of PBR!
3	I DID go again(for brunch this time), and tried something else like I had suggested to myself.I don't know what it is about the west side location, but I just don't love it. The breakfast burrito I had was decent, but nothing stood out. His chorizo scramble was okay, as well...but we've had better at the El Dorado many times. This isn't a bad place, but it's not top on my list.
2	I still like the idea of Tex Tubb's but the execution has been really off the last couple of times I've been here.  I'll give any place the benefit of the doubt once, but I've unfortunately had three consecutive misses and I think the bloom is off the rose, at least for the University location.  I'm not one to hate on the Food Fight restaurants like some, but the standard trope that these places start off strong and fade down the line seems to be the case here.  I've always had a bit of an issue with the cost and sometimes the service, but the quality of the tacos had always more than offset any problems.  That hasn't been the case lately.  My #1 complaint: flour tortillas instead of corn.  Three times now I've gotten flour despite specifically ordering corn tortillas.  The first time I sent it back with minimum hassle, but the last two were not fun.  On the second go-around I was initially told that I hadn't actually ordered corn tortillas and then that the even if I had the carne asada doesn't come that way (not true).  Since it was just a tortilla I gave up the argument but stiffed her on the tip and avoided the place for few months, until just recently.  This time I ordered the mushroom taco, and the server didn't linger after dropping off our order was gone before I noticed the error.  I wasn't able to flag anyone down and after 10 minutes or so I just ate the now-cold taco.  What's really annoying about this whole thing is that it's just a tortilla - normally I don't get too excited about tortillas.  If they completely got rid of the soft corn tacos I'd be disappointed but not crushed.  It's just that I prefer the corn tortillas and they're on the menu, so it pisses me off when I continue ordering them and never, ever get what I request.If it were just the continual cockblocking on the tortilla front I'd be slightly histrionic but I'd survive.  After all, the fish tacos always come with corn tortillas.  But I think the whole experience lifted the scales from my eyes in a way since I started noticing that the deficiencies in the University location were beginning to show.  The chips are stale and the salsas mediocre.  My request for hot sauce went initially unanswered on two separate occasions, requiring a reminder.  The carne asada didn't taste nearly as good as I had remembered and the achiote tilapia was off.   We once waited a good five minutes at the front counter waiting for the hostess to get off the phone.  All of these little complaints are minor in their own right, but added up it makes me realize that my opinion of Tex Tubb's has turned.  I still enjoyed aspects of the place as much as I had before, but the negatives have outweighed the positives and I'd rather go elsewhere.
1	So although I've never actually set foot in the place, I've taken a gander at their menu and decided this place would be a complete let down, waste of time, and money --- and here's why:You are charged for chips and salsa... complimentary at even at the holiest of hole in the wall mexican/tex-mex restaurants.The tacos... $2.89 for a run of the mill taco in a FLOUR tortilla? Really? And the corn tortilla taco is a TOTAL bargain at $2.49. What a joke! In real, authentic mexican restaurants - like in Chicago, you could get 3 of the most fantastic steak or al pastor tacos for under $5.That's pretty much all I needed to see to make my decision that I would never, ever go there. That, and if the quality of their other restaurants is any indication of Texas Tubb's... yeah, keep on walkin'!
2	I'm between two and three stars. I had the fish tacos and I have to say I prefer Pasqual's. He had the tacos, which I think he liked. And you have to pay for chips and salsa! :(
1	In my younger years, I walked out of a many of restaurants, in Madison, and elsewhere.  But I honestly cannot recall walking out of anyplace, anywhere, in the past 20 years.  The change is likely as much a result my better behavior, as it is in less surly service and better food when eating out.Well, Tex Tubb's, you got me today.  I promise, I didn't make a scene.It's Sunday and I stopped about 12:30 by to pick up a few tacos to take home for lunch after doing morning weekend work at my office.  When I arrived, there were a total of three other customers in the restaurant.  Two were sitting at the bar, appearing to be finishing breakfast and margaritas.  The third person was a young woman picking up a to-go order.  As soon as I sat down at the bar, the waitress and the to-go order gal got into a very extended "discussion" over a 30 cent discrepancy in the bill.  It took three or four readings of the menu and the same number of reviews of the bill for what appeared to be a possible resolution.   As that little tiff was winding down with the first payment of the bill, the phone started ringing and the manager materialized from places unknown.  She went behind the bar, and took an extended  telephone order.  As soon as she was done with that, she went back to to-go girl and engaged in yet another extended discussion which resulted in re-running the debit or credit card with a 30 cent credit. Meanwhile, the first waitress disappeared.  Customers started coming in.  Another waitress appeared.  But still not even a greeting for me.  Since I am now a mature diner, I told myself to sit tight, they would get my order in and I would be on my way quickly.  After all, for a good 10-15 minutes, I was the only person physically present in the place who wanted to place an order.  But, no.  Manager finally came over and gave me a menu and I ordered a soda as that seemed doable.  Then manager disappeared never to be seen again.  Many customers were coming in.  Looked like lots were coming from the Trek ride on the Square.  Waitresses 1 & 2 were having a hard time deciding which tables they were going to wait on, but, for sure, they were not going to take my order.  One guy from an early arrival table was literally chasing one of the waitresses to come and take an order as it was easy to see now what was going on.  So, I just got up and left.  Not sure anyone saw me.   I am sure no one cared.I agree with many of the reviewers that the quality of the food took a nosedive some time ago.  It's never as good as it once was but I would say you get good decent food about 70% if the time.  If you get the right bartender, they will make you a really fine Patron silver margarita on the rocks.  I will tip them 15% on a to-go order just for that.  The fresh salsa bar is a choice amenity.  No chance for a margarita today.  No need for the salsa bar.  One star today.Maybe the metrics work for you here, Kevin, but you gotta do better than this, at least that's MHO.
2	I will eat here when a friend insists, but I think almost every time I've eaten here, I have gotten diarrhea.  And the food isn't worth the diarrhea.  Its kind of bland.  And its overpriced.  Just my opinion though.  I know lots of people are ga-ga over this place.
2	Only been once... won't be back.  I really really really wanted some fish tacos and they are fairly close so we tried it out.  We eat out with our baby a lot (she is under one) so we go at odd hours (to annoy less people), so keep that in mind (they probably didn't have their A game on).  Drinks were meh and the tacos were AWFUL.  I feel like I would have been better off going to taco bell (they don't have fish tacos but I would have felt more satisfied by eating their bad Mexican food than I did by eating Tex Tubb's fish tacos).  I consulted with the waiter about my fish tacos (you have four options) and decided to try the Achiote Tilapia, Fried Catfish and Marinated Shrimp.  Shrimp was overcooked, the Tilapia was ... well, the Achiote seasoning is all burn and no flavor, but it's not even that hot! (and it's on almost everything on the menu, which is why I'm not excited to give them another try)  The Catfish was the best but that isn't saying much. Service was pretty good though!
1	I went once and wasn't impressed.  I tried it again and it didn't fare any better.
1	Sigh - another restaurant going downhill in Madison. I don't know if Kevin Tubb is still involved here, but I suspect he isn't anymore since things have changed over the past year, and not for the better. Tex's used to have the best queso in town - and I know it was Kevin's recipe - but sometime in the past 12-24 months they changed the recipe and it is now bland and watery and a big step backwards. I'm sure it's cheaper to make, but damn, it used to be really good. The other thing we noticed is that there is way less of the good stuff (i.e. meat) in the quesadillas and burritos. The last time I was there, about 6 months ago, I actually peeled open my smoked duck quesadilla (which used to be packed with duck) to see if there was, indeed, any duck present, since all I could taste was onion and pepper. I haven't been back since, which is a shame because it used to be a regular stop for me, my guy, and my kids.
1	Went here for Sunday for brunch with the man. We're regulars at Tex Tubb's and thought this was worth a try. Big mistake. For at least the first 20 minutes we were the only people in the restaurant, but it still took the waitress 15 minutes to get us soda and water, which she then failed to refill for a good 30 minutes. Food arrived cold and was sent back. My chorizo burrito was good, but very low on actual chorizo. The man's pancakes were excellent. Tacos were bland and greasy. Their menu looks like it's got potential, but for the higher prices I'd expect a waitress that's actually attentive and food that's well done. Sticking to Atwood from now on.
4	Nostalgia and familiarity is the reason why this place gets 4 stars instead of 3. I'm originally from the Austin, TX area and this place has done it proper...right down to the Joe Ely posters! Unfortunately it took a long time to get our food but when the migas finally hit the table they proved to be somewhat worth the wait. The food was close to the typical tex-mex fare that you could find in Austin, but it was nothing to write home about.
4	We went here kind of in a drive by sort of way looking for a BBQ place in Madison while we were on a short job.  The staff were SO friendly and the food was really quite good.  We had the brisket sandwich and a chicken sandwich and weren't disappointed. The owner came by to talk to us and gave us directions to the best custard place which was a really nice touch.
