5	Wow.  I was there for the Triennial, which really really kicked the Whitney Biennial's ass.  Majorly. Because:It was so nice to walk into a museum, see solid work---that really pushed boundaries and followed through with the artist's idea, that was spaced and presented in a manner that allowed one to breathe, take their time and properly access the work.  This is something that rarely happens in NYC, so although I wasn't personally attached to some of the work, I was inspired and left feeling hopeful for contemporary artists.  I can't wait to come back and take advantage of the media center!
5	My first trip to this museum did not disappoint. I found the staff cordial and open to answering questions, the layout very open and carefully presented, and best of all, the works ranged from fearless to fanciful--in a word: inspiring. I was struck by the risk that the curators took in their selection of exhibits. As I walked into the main hall I was greeted by an enormous plush two-headed creature, an amusing and racy criticism of local politics. I moved on to a stunning video exhibit of a debauched Ronald McDonald figure, drowning in a car filling with water. The contrast and connections between the two mediums and pieces bouncing in my head as I moved on. As a native of Boston, I found many of the works provocative and rewarding in ways I think Boston ICA is, at times, lacking. Montreal's ICA is bold, forward-thinking, with a definite sense of humor paced throughout the exhibits, and an emphasis on public interaction with much of the artwork. Walking into a closed room, I was delighted to sing karaoke, seated comfortably among pillows as the main aria from Bizet's Carmen was sung in Mandarin on a television set. Such experiences of whimsy are instantly memorable.  I highly recommend a visit a visit for those in the area.
4	Such an amazing art gallery. When I went, most of the exhibits were incredibly creative and some of them truly transformed the spaces they inhabited, which created an interactive and transfixing space for patrons. The curators seemed to take risks on the pieces they chose, although that's often true of many contemporary art galleries. They also usually have a film exhibit playing on a loop on their lower level next to the book store. It's not a huge gallery, so it usually takes no more than two hours to see everything. The admission is $8 for adults and $4 for students. You can also buy a MAC card for $10 that will give you unlimited admission to the gallery for a year. Admission is also free on Wednesday from 6pm-9pm. That's basically the only night they stay open late. Closing time is usually 6pm.
4	Please allow me to introduce myself, I'm a man of wealth and taste...If you've been able to correctly identify that as the first line of the infamous Stone's song "Sympathy For The Devil," you're already asking yourself what on earth this has to do with contemporary art in Montreal.Quite by chance, our visit to Montreal and thus their sterile and sleek Contemporary Art Museum on Saint Catherine, coincided with their current exposition on the interaction, co-dependence and creative intertwining of the Art and Rock N Roll, aptly titled, "Sympathy For The Devil: Art and Rock & Roll Since 1967. From Andy Warhol and the Velvet Underground to Richard Prince to Jim Lambie, the exhibition was comprehensive in scope (covering artists and musicians from all over the glboe) and visually stunning.One of my favorite components of the exhibit was a room with several floor-to-ceiling openings and a floor covered from wall to wall with records. The doors, Zepplin, Pink Floyd. It felt kind of sacrilege to be stepping on the greats of rock-n-roll like that, but so many people were doing it, crouching down and reading the names...everyone stepping oh-so-carefully. So.Awesome.Aside from this special installation (which only runs until January11), this wasn't one of my favorite museums. I've visited a few in NYC, Boston, San Francisco, Italy. I felt that the layout seemed confined, almost cold and unfinished. The staff wasn't as welcoming as other yelpers described. If they regularly do expositions as bad ass as Sympathy For The Devil, it's more of a reason to visit than for the aesthetics of the space.
4	This place is rather small, or it feels that way. The main gallery was dedicated to an Artist named Robin Goodwin, whose work was not particularly interesting to me, and whose exhibit was bogged down by long essays explaining the pieces. Though, the rest of the galleries were a great surprise. Some were light hearted, and some were rather spooky. The curator has done a good job balancing the work they are showing. The space is very good, and it is super easy to find by Metro. If you are in town, definitely worth a look.
4	This is a lovely art museum with a small sculpture garden and a really nice set of galleries. There were a pair of exhibits that were excellent: one on a Canadian artist whose name I failed to write down, and a second on photos of Chernobyl, post-Katrina New Orleans, Havana and Beruit. It was an awesome photography exhibit. There were also wonderful installations and video exhibits, including a series of slides featuring phrases projected on a screen of buttons. It was pretty awesome. They had a great exhibit of music videos on the bottom floor, featuring a lovely series of traqcks from folks like Arcade Fire, Grip and Radiohead. It's an amazing set-up. I'd say that the set-up was lovely, and the security group was actually nice and helpful. It's good stuff.
4	We came here between exhibits, so a good portion of the museum was closed, but I still really enjoyed my visit. There was a really nice variety of pieces. I particularly enjoyed the sound installation, "The Silence is Twice as Fast Backwards" that they currently have in the basement; a half hour video piece of a Rube Goldbergesque set up, which was an incredible piece of engineering and chemistry (totally worth spending the 30 minutes it takes to watch); and a large, bowl-shaped piece of upholstered furniture by Yannick Pouliot. The part of the museum that was open wasn't very large - I was able to get through the entire place in under two hours, and I typically spend a really long time in galleries & museums (I read everything and spend time contemplating each display - I usually need multiple day-long visits to any sizable exhibit in order to see it all.)It would have been nice if there was more to see, but it didn't feel like it was too small or lacking in anyway. It was a really nice way to spend part of an afternoon.The gift shop was nice and contained a lot of attractive and interesting things.
4	Free admission on Wednesday nights from 17:00-21:00. And it's not too out there stuff!I caught the shortlist of the Sobey Art Awards so the 5 finalists' work was on display and the winner will be announced in November. It was a real treat to wander around the exhibits. I felt like I could really understand the minorities' work about identity (Chinese-style vases mixed with robot-looking pieces) and language (computer screen "totems" speaking something you're not going to understand). At the end was a video interviewing the artists about their works which was fun and inspiring. The plaza it's located on is lovely, too bad there's all the construction going on as the city is renovating the area, guaranteed to last through 2012. We ate at Brasserie T and looked around Eva B before arriving for the free admission.
4	Enjoyable, very open and large spaces.  Good value and a worthwhile place to visit.
5	Fantastic museum!A wide variety of exhibits that are carefully presented and maintained. I never would have expected this museum to rival some of my favorites (Reina Sofia, The Metropolitan Musuem of Modern Art, the Louvre) but after 5 years it still holds a place in my heart. I'm a big fan of furniture and they had an amazing exhibit (when I went) of furniture that totally blew my mind.
5	I didn't even get to go inside and I'm already sold. While walking about 5 blocks away, we could see these glowing orbs and had to check it out. MIND=BLOWN.
4	On my visit they were in between exhibits, but they had a small exhibit of art films that I found to be interesting.  The media was well presented.    I was most struck by the building and the immediate outside surroundings.  It is no surprise that this is a popular hang out during the warmer months. I'm sorry that I can't say much more since very little was happening while I was there, but what little I saw was worth going back.  I would definitely return.
1	Twenty thousand square feet, twenty self-indulgent turds. How can such a huge museum contain so little art? What a waste.
4	Not massive, but a space that manages to feel both wide open and labyrinthine. The curation is often provocative and touching - the website is bilingual so you can check what's showing before you show up. Don't plan to spend a day - Fresh breath of art and you're out. Free Wednesday evenings and open for live shows one Friday night a month showcasing musicians, dancers, vjs. The best thing about the MACM is that it feels integrated into local real life - lots of Montrealers come down weekly to walk through whatever is showing, and the outdoor space (when not chaotic with jazz or jfl fests) is curated with public art projects like big swings, dancing lights, glowing tents and orby things, and motion-censor fountains.
3	Eh, i'd pass if you only had a couple of days in Montreal. It was Very small (1 floor of exhibits) and although only $12, i didn't think it was worth it. We covered the entire museum in 40 mins...and we were taking our own sweet time
4	Excellent exhibits... the instillations were impressive.  Well worth the cost.
5	An excellent museum. Beautiful building and a great excuse to show guests Place des Arts.The free Wednesday nights (5pm-9pm) are great. I love how frequently the exhibits change. I like to get dinner, then arrive by about 7pm on Wednesday which leaves plenty of time before it closes.
3	This place is no Tate Modern but it's a great way to kill part of an afternoon or night.  The area that it's in is great with all the things around it that you can do before or after and it's a quick few minute walk back to the really busy part of St Catherine St or to St Laurent and St Denis in the other direction.The place is small but like I said it's a great way to kill part of an afternoon or night.  Why spend part of a night here?  Well it's free on Wednesday nights or $10+ at other times.  With most art exhibits there are things you'll like and other things were you ask WTF?  Regardless come here to get your culture on :)
2	A small museum with a lot of uninspiring works.  If you must visit, try going when the price is reduced (or free).The building is nice and easily accessible via the Metro, but the quality of the exhibits when I visited was lacking.
3	Not too much to add.... darn Yelpers used up everything I was going to say!  Worth a trip if you are into contemporary art.  Probably shouldn't be on your list if it isn't.Recommend.
3	I won't beat a dead horse as I can see the other reviews are pretty fair.  This may not my favorite Art Museum in the world, but I got a discounted rate because there was noise in the museum that day.  I took in the Laurent Grasso exhibit which I actually thought was pretty cool (since I'm not a huge fan of modern art)  and accidentally walked into the Tino Seghal live performance, which was a bit awkward for an American and non-French speaker.  It was an unusual but unforgettable experience.  I felt both exhibits were interesting, but I can see how you may not want to rush here, but if you've got some free time and an open mind, its not a bad place to visit.
3	I have been to a few Contemporary Art Museums and this one probably won't blow your mind but is a nice way to spend an hr especially when its free on a Wed night from 5-9pm. Basically there is 1 floor of exhibits which includes a temporary exhibit which for me was the more interesting things to look at and there is also a sculpture garden tucked away at the back of this floor which is nice to sit in on a nice sunny day. There was also a Musictheque film rolling on the bottom floor theatre which I would never had found if I didn't do a bit of exploring.Overall, a nice small museum to see some questionable art for an hr then pop back out to see the rest of Montreal.
3	free admission wednesdays, from 5-9pm. hate to admit it, but i wouldn't return unless its during free/wed evenings. the location is great & theres plenty of activities to do and places to eat nearby. the museum itself has incredibly friendly staff, building is beautiful, & the interior is lovely, clean, etc. so why 3 stars? i simply didnt have that ohhh i love it vibe. & id never consider paying for admission here. granted, contemporary art isnt really my thing, but i always give it a try & i have seen exhibits that i could not resist visiting again.anyways, id definitely advocate for folks to carve out an hour wednesday evening and hit up musee d'art contemporain de montreal!
3	We came for the special exhibit: Christian Marclay's The Clock (which was totally excellent and not to be missed). But the museum itself was disappointing and forgettable. It sounds like the exhibits change fairly often, but I wasn't terribly impressed with the selection (abstract, collages, etc. on our visit). There's really only one level of artwork which seemed rather small, especially for a city the size of Montreal. Also, the bathroom in the basement was small and rather dirty (I hold museum restrooms to a higher standard than a McDonalds...). There are plenty of museums to be seen in Montreal, so unless you have a desire to see a specific exhibit, I'd probably skip this one. On the bright side, the tickets were pretty inexpensive for students. The sign said $10, but we were only charged $8!
4	If you can get here before the digital art exhibit goes away, do it.There are two pieces that really stuck out in my mind--one, the blind robot. It was amazing and enlightening and I want one in my house.Two, the jellyfish exhibit. I love pieces that are interactive. The video that we watching, C4I, was interesting and neat to see, but a bit long for my tastes. I did like watching others come into the extraordinarily dark room and seeing them navigate the darkness. The permanent exhibits were a little weak and fairly small, so I would make sure that there was a temporary exhibit there that I wanted to see if I was deciding to go.
