5	Great place to get on the Internet, there is always a computer available.
4	This is my VIP library just because not anyone can get on base :) The best time to come is right after they open. I love that I can study and work because it's always quiet. There's not much room to spread out on and do homework but there is hardly anyone ever there.The computer lab its self is kinda outdated but who cares I go there to print out stuff and no other place will let you print up to 25 pages a day for free. The computer lab does get a little bit busy and crowded during lunch hours and the internet can get super slow! I almost forgot which I think it's really awesome, they have a color printer and it's free to print also. If you have your own computer they have computer stations were you can plug on and use the free wi-fi. If you decide to go grab some lunch and can't eat inside the library, no worries. They have an outdoor patio with ample seating for you to munch on your lunch and browse the web on your computer. There's even a soda machine outside for convinience. Don't forget to dust off your seats outside though, it sometimes gets windy and covers the chairs with dust.
5	Always nice and cool in here, and really quiet. I really enjoy coming here on my lunch hour to kinda mellow out, get out of the heat and just relax with a magazine or a book. The staff is wonderful here as well, It has very big, empty restrooms too..
5	I've been going here everyday for the last 4 days. This is like a safe haven. We are in the middle of a long drawn out move and I find it quite relaxing. They have wireless access indoors as well as on the patio. They have a cozy couch as well as cushioned arm chairs for lounging. It can get a little noisy sometimes with kids but its not bad. The bathrooms are clean and the BX and commissary within a short walk. Its open from 10a-8p Monday-Thursday and 12p-5p on Friday-Sun. Silly me was surprised when they switched off the lights yesterday at 4:45 to warn of getting ready to close. I wasn't ready to go home yet. lol.
