2	If you're at the hospital and want something other than hospital food, this place may be the ticket.  Right across the street, you can get a good variety of food.  It's quick and easy and not too expensive.  Just don't go for the atmosphere because, well, there isn't much.  But keep your head down and that won't matter much.
3	The decor makes it obvious this place has been open since the early '70's but the nice thing about it is they aren't pretentious enough to change anything.  Service is steady and friendly.  It's pretty quiet in the evenings because their main rushes are breakfast and lunch.  But they're open late compared to the higher end (and snobbier) restaurants nearby that close mid-afternoon.  The BLT Club is good, the french fries are always hot and soda refills are free.  They also have a standard selection of bottled brews.
1	Not sure I will be coming back here ever.  Yuck all around.  I Dare say McDonalds might be better.
3	It is what it is... Looks old from the outside and appears even older when you walk in.  Dropped ceiling, musty, strange decor, and wood paneling.  Almost walked out we were the only 2 people there at 1PM on a Tuesday, but after seeing that a Philly steak sandwich was only $5 and it came with fries, had to give it a shot.   It wasn't a Philly steak sandwich but it was edible and the pulled pork seemed ok.  Bread was awful, probably stale as it was toasted.  Fries were good and service was very friendly.  For a quick bite on the cheap tip, I'd say go for it.
3	Nothing about this place should surprise you, particularly a fast basic breakfast for about $4-5. If you have to go to the carolinas medical center but want a quick breakfast beforehand this is probably the best (or only) reason to go here.
3	Like Chad said, if you are in the hospital or just getting out, it works, but otherwise I wouldn't go out of my way to go back.I had just gotten out of a 3 day stay in the hospital across the street where they forgot to tell the people in charge of food that I was only on the liquids diet for the first 2 days.  I WAS HUNGRY!I walked in to see that me and my mom were the only people there.  A nice lady at the counter told me to seat myself.  I asked for a coffee and it came relatively quickly.  My and my mom both ordered your pretty much run of the meal breakfast, 2 eggs, choice of meat, choice of bread.  I ordered my eggs over medium, they came out borderline hardboiled.  The meat was edible but nothing worth noting.  Our waitress was prompt to refill the coffee throughout the meal.Then it came time for the check.  Not sure what happened here.  We waited on the check and it never came, when I finally saw the waitress again, she said you pay up front(I assumed that, I just thought I needed a check to give them first).  I went up the register and the other person working there asked where my check was, we were the only people there, it can't be that hard.  After the cook/cashier found the hostess/waitress we were rung up and on our way.Relatively cheap, but nothing special, worth the drive elsewhere.
3	Like others have said, it's decent food at inexpensive prices. Typical Greek family run place like many others in Charlotte. I had the Philly Cheesesteak, and it was a far cry from an authentic version. But it was decent. Fries were good. Older waitress wad attentive and nice. Decor was horrible. Table was "sticky." If this place invested just a few hundred bucks it would make a world of difference!
