5	This store used to be closer to 19th Ave & Bell they have since moved and expanded a ton over the last few years. Everything is made fresh daily ceviche, guacamole, salsa's, they have pan dulce delivered every morning yummm. You can pick up the old school soda's here, and good Mexican Favs like Pinguinos, Gansitos, Duvalin, Pelon Pelo Rico, De Las Rosa, and even Bimbo bread just to name a few thing's they carry here. They have natural all organic small game hens that can be stuffed or bbq'd you can ask for their rub they have all kinds of meat most get the Ranchera here for some carne asada you just need to be able to say how many "Libras" (Pounds) and you want them to make it "Preparada" they will put in their special marinade w oranges, onions, and spices in the bag. If your a meat eater you cant go wrong here. I cant get enough of this place!!
5	Pros - great carne asada meat, cheap prices, they provide marinade, ready to grill in 45 mins, good fresh salsa for saleCons - tiny hole in the wall store that's almost convenience store likeI'm looking forward to going back the next time I have cravings for carne asada.
5	Our favorite Carniceria by far the best meat and seafood available all the freshest ingredients.. small and a great hidden gem! You can't go wrong here!
1	I was getting some meat at this store n my 6 year old points out a little bug. I move the bag of chips n there it was a ROACH ALIVE N KICKING! ! Never will set foot in this place again. My real rating is 0 stars!!!!
4	I am a gringo from Detroit but like my carne asada.... I cannot speak or read Spanish but they are always more then willing to help me out. The meat is always good and the tortillas fresh. I have never seen bugs but hell I had on in my office today. It happens. The shelves are packed but I never looked around.
4	The carne asada is excellent as well as the marinated chicken breasts. Always taste amazing and still easy to order even though I don't know any spa is at all. Prices are a little high and that to me is the only drawback. I'd definately recommend shopping here for carne asada and other authentic Mexican foods
2	I am a gringo who loves beef jerky, and their Carne seca(jerky) that is delivered to them is great. I buy from four different Carniceria's that i know have the carne seca. But found myself going back to this store because (for the most part) the people are great, and the marinade on the seca is really good. . I buy a pound to a pound and a half a week of this stuff, and was going to them primarily for months and months.There is one gentlemen their that occasionally would be the one getting me the jerky that was not a nice person, and treated my like "why are you in this store". I never got a good attitude, from him, or frankly friendly service no matter how nice I am. The other gentlemen behind the counter were always very pleasant. The marinade jerky Ibuy was $20.00 a pound every time I was there. The last time he served me he all of a sudden charged me 28.00 a pound. I questioned, and then asked again, (really this went up eight dollars a pound in 3 days) he just said yes....no other explanation. found this strange. I took the manufacturer name off the case to see if I could find out if this was true, but figured first I would go in later when he wasnt serving and buy more.When I did, it was $20.00 a pound again, I asked if there had been a rate increase, and the nice person said no.Thats all I needed, I now buy my jerky once or twice a week from one of the other stores that likes taking my money for their product.I left 2 stars because the other people in the store are all very nice, and didnt want to leave a single star for one persons actions. one bad apple spoils the barrel as they say.
