4	WOW these 'cakes with holes' make me feel like a kid and have that home-made feeling to them. Maybe its because my mom used to make them when I was kid.They are so moist and yummy! They have tiny ones called Bundtlets - a version of a cupcake so you can get a variety.So far I have tried the chocolate and red velvet - Holy Cow I will be back!
5	It,s the place where you CAN have your cake and eat it too!! Every flavor is sooo delicious right down to the very last bite!!!  Its the best cake and frosting on the planet. We are lucky to have this cake store here in Scottsdale,my friends  ship these cakes  home cause they aren,t as lucky as me. The store is so cute and full of great gift ideas, sweets for the sweet. Stop in you will luv it!!!!
5	best. cake. ever.our friend laura worked there and brought some cake with her to family parties... now thats the only cake we get because its soooooo good.
4	The little bundlets are amazing.  All you cupcake lovers need to run over here and try these.  I bought the marble, carrot, and white chocolate raspberry.  These little babies are moist as can be.  The White Chocolate Raspberry will make your eyes roll up into the back of your head as you moan with delight!The really cool thing is the way the hole is filled with frosting.  That way frosting lovers can take the sugar train to jittersville and those that don't like so much can eat around it...no more frosting amount debates.Finally, the customer service was great.  The lady behind the counter was very helpful with suggestions.  I'll definitely be back to try the other flavors.
5	All I've got to say, is that this place continues to rock my world! Birthday, after birthday, and maybe even on unbirthdays, this place never lets me down. There might come a time when I grow tired of the double chocolate bundt cake, but I don't want to think about that day.  Instead, I think I'll go finish the rest of the cake left over from the other night's party.Mmmmmmm
5	Simply the most amazing, moist, flavorful cakes with the best buttery cream cheese frosting! They're not cheap, but in this case you do get what you pay for...these cakes blow any grocery-store cake out of the water! After you've tried one of these, you'll never want another kind of cake for your parties again.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!  Great flavors, super-moist cake, AMAZING frosting! They also have samples...which I usually grab two of...
4	I am never stepping inside  the Nothing Bundt Cake store  not because I don't like them but because I am scared I like them too much . I have had a few run ins now with their cakes and I am genuinely frightened of their decadent taste. It might be my undoing. Generally, I am not a cake person , oh sure I love Gelato , ice cream and tarts . But cake  and cupcakes I can easily walk by . But now people at work keep bringing these little beauties into work and no good can come of it.  Today it was the Red Velvet Cake , not only was it moist and rich with flavor , the frosting and style made it look oh so retro in my eyes , which increased it's flavor immediately.  Loved the taste but hope no one brings another cake for awhile.
3	Okay so last week I was looking for a carrot cake that was nut free and i stumbled upon this place which i had heard of and had always wanted to order from. So I placed an order, it was for our Director's "Congratulatory Party" since he has accepted a new directorship with another Dept. I was told there would be no problem with it arriving prior to 10am which is when our meeting was scheduled. It didnt show up until 10:40am and our meeting was over at 1030am! NOT happy. Apparently an employee wrote down the wrong delivery date. I suggest confirming orders 2 days in advance to avoid issues like this.As for the cake itself? Presentation fantastic.. Cake delicious. I will recommend but not for delivery unless they initiate confirmation calling 2 days prior.
5	These things are outstanding.  Just went there yesterday for the first time, and these were amazing.  I bought the bundlets, which are 3.99 each.  I tried the Chocolate Chocolate Chip, Red Velvet, and White Chocolate Raspberry.  All them them were great, but I liked the Red Velvet the best.  The icing on them is very good too.  I highly recommend this place and will definitely go there again.
5	Nothing Bundt Cakes is awesome!  The cake is super moist and isn't overloaded with frosting.  There are so many fun flavors to choose from too.  I love the white chocolate raspberry, marble, and lemon.  The lemon is a little sweet, I think they use a different frosting for lemon.  The cakes are really pretty and you can get individual ones for under $4.  I will definitely be back and will ask my husband to get me a white chocolate raspberry for my Birthday cake.
3	No warm-fuzzies for this place!  When I called to place my order, the woman on the phone seemed genuinely annoyed that she had to answer my questions and that I didn't seem to know enough about her product.  Since selling cakes isn't actually MY job, I figured she'd be able to help me... but whatever.  Since I had a groupon, I placed my order anyways.  When I arrived to get my cake, the cashier seemed somewhat confused about everything.  On the plus side, the cake is freakin' fantastic.  It is worth 5 stars, for SURE! I'm a Bundt cake lover... but to spare myself the annoyed service, I'll probably just bake my own next time.
4	Wonderful, delicious cake.  Would give it 5 stars but it is a bit pricey.
4	Reasons why Bundt Cakes are better than cupcakes:- They're more moist.- They come is unique flavors like pecan praline, white chocolate raspberry, and almond poppyseed- Their dipped middle part is filled to the top with frosting- They're bigger and about the same price- They come in regular size, cupcake size, and bite size- They each individually wrapped - perfect for gift giving!- They can be pre ordered and personalized (as long as you do it ahead of time)- They were open on a holiday weekend (although I can't guarantee for other holidays).
3	Over the past few months, we have been on a search for the best red velvet cupcake (or something similar to a cupcake) in town. Sadly, we did not find it at Nothing Bundt Cakes. Don't get me wrong; It was okay, but it didn't even come close to the quality and taste that we experienced with Tammie Coe's red velvet cupcake. I think we got spoiled by having her cupcake first, because all of the other variations have failed to impress us as much, if at all. There were two major problems with the bundt that we tried here: First, it was too heavy. Maybe that's just the nature of the bundt itself, but we found it to be way too heavy and rich, which only allowed us to eat about half of the thing. Two: It didn't have a lot of flavor. I know that might sound contradictory to my last statement about it being rich, but just because something is rich and heavy doesn't automatically mean that it has a lot of flavor, which this dessert clearly didn't have. It was missing that "wow" factor, that melt in your mouth so good you want another one, type of feeling that we get with TC cupcakes. I'm glad we tried it once so that we can scratch it off our list of places to try, but I really doubt that we will be going back for any more bundt's. Oh well, on to the next place! P.S. Any suggestions for a place to try red velvet cupcakes (or bundt's)are welcome!
5	Dam got to get me some of those cupcakes cousin! Super Yummy! I have tired both cakes and cupcakes from here. They all have been awesome. Man back in the day I could mow many of these cupcakes even without the munchies! Today they are not on my diet, but a guilty pleasure. Especially if someone goes, "Look I brought you just one of the Red Velvet cupcakes". You can have just one right? The Bunt Cakes are awesome! The frosting is creamy and tasty...Lots of it, and it is a yummy gooey mess of goodness! This is must if you want to get your girl something unique. She will love you for it, and maybe hate you for the amount of time she will have to spend on the elliptical to burn off those calories. But it will be well worth it. She might even let you try her cupcake! My coworker (dude) said...I don't eat cupcakes! Dudes, don't be a wuss. If your woman gets you some of these mow them down with a glass of cold milk. Cupcakes and Milk = Double Delicious! Since when did something so yummy become so unmanly? Guys you don't know what you are missing!
5	omg frickin love nbc!!  my fav is the cinnamon swirl..... but i have to say, i've only had 2 flavors... cuz i LOVE CS!  gonna have to give the others a try... like the new pumpkin bf it disappears for the season... the always awesome carrot cake... and new flav i didn't know about..... pecan swirl...holy crap i just gained 20lbs thinking about it !  yum!
5	I sure hope my trainer Bill Crawford at Basic Training doesn't follow my reviews!  I know I shouldn't be eating Bundt  Cakes but I don't care!  These cakes are so moist and scrumptious there is nothing like them!  I recently had the blueberry one and it was really tasty.  My favorite is red velvet it is rich and has cream cheesy icing on top. Seriously, if you need to impress, thank or present someone with the best cake ever...this is the place!   I wish I had a wedge now!
3	These bundt cakes are pretty good in a pinch when you want to puck up something quick and pretty inexpensive that doesn't look anything like something from s grocery store. They can personalize the bundt cakes with balloons, flowers, or other cute decorative frills in the middle of the cake, which is then wrapped in cello and a nice ribbon. Just make sure the cake isn't straight out of the fridge when you eat it. It's really hard and dense if you eat it that way. The larger size cakes seem to taste better than the mini ones. I like the lemon, cinnamon, marble, and the white chocolate. All cakes come with cream cheese frosting piped don the sides. I wish it was just a touch less sweet, but that's just me. Pretty much everything under $20....not too shabby!
5	I have heard so much hype about "Sprinkles" Cup Cakes, I mean don't get me wrong they are good, (better in California) but I work in the building behind Nothing Bundt Cakes they are  BY FAR better then "Sprinkles" Cup Cakes! "Sprinkles" Cup Cakes in Arizona are dry! These little bundt cakes are so moist and melt in your mouth. I honestly did not have to chew! I could just swallow! The taste  was oh so good! They come in unique flavors like pecan praline, white chocolate raspberry, almond poppyseed, red velvet, chocolate chocolate, white chocolate, lemon,  and marble etc.... They come in regular size, cupcake size, and bite size, they also have bigger cakes if needed. They can personalize the bundt cakes with balloons, flowers, or other cute decorative frills in the middle of the cake, which is then wrapped in cello and a nice ribbon. They are fairly inexpensive and worth a try.  There place is little and very cute, very inviting. They have Daily flavors you can sample. ;-) Downside,  The lady who helped me seemed annoyed with me, and she was quite rude. She was rushing me to pick a flavor and seemed irritated with my questions. So I was VERY unhappy with the service I received. Will I go again,  absolutely ONLY becuase of the Bundt cakes were so GOOD. It would be a complete thumbs up for me I if I had received better service!
5	Just recently, my sister needed a cake and asked me where to go. Knowing my sister's likes (since they are similar to mine), I immediately screamed, "Nothing Bundt Cakes!" Let me explain why I heart Nothing Bundt Cakes. The cakes are moist and best eaten when cold. Random yes, but there's a great combination of cold and moisture when you eat them that way. My favorite cake is the chocolate chunk. It has real legit chunks of chocolate in there. As if the cake wasn't good enough before, the chunks just add to its splendor. Their red velvet is delicious, their basic bundt cake is delectable...really anything you over there is scrumptious heaven with every bit. They are traditional looking bundt cakes just like your Grandma would make. They have the freshest ingredients and are reasonably priced. The frosting deserves its own paragraph. I love frosting. It's a weird addiction that I refuse to fix. The creamy cream cheese type frosting is the best and Nothing Bundt Cakes has it mastered. Sometimes with bundt cakes, the frosting is lacking but not here. Their frosting is perfectly placed on the cake and accompanies the cake just right. I like Nothing Bundt Cakes for birthday parties or even to just satisfy a sweet tooth craving when its just one of those fatty days. The cake is worth every single calorie. I promise.
5	Nothing Bundt Cakes was a vendor at the Yelp Helps event last week. I tried every sample they offered. They were all A-MAZING! It really was like no other cake I've tasted before. The cakes would make perfect gifts and would be a hit at any party. Highly recommended by a dessert snob! I need to visit their shop ASAP.
5	These cakes are amazing! They taste wonderful. I've been able to sample them on two different occasions, and they're just delicious. Who would have thought something as basic as a bundt cake could be so great? They have a great cream cheese frosting. I'm a frosting girl, so I know what I'm talking about. They come in different sizes as well, for those of you who are interested. Yummy!
4	We saw the sign to this place off the street and I was intrigued so we stopped by and ordered a chocolate chip bundt.  It was AWESOME!!  I always say that I can never make bundt cake as good as my Mom's even though we use the same recipe.  Don't tell my Mom this but their's is even better!  I guess capitalism trumps love.  =)  I gave it four stars b'c they only had a couple of varieties when we were there.  Also, I was expecting better service.  It wasn't bad but we told the lady it was our first time there and they didn't really say much to us.  Then again, I guess the title of the place says it all.
5	Some of the best cake I have ever had!!I'm not sure what makes a "bundt cake" (is it the shape?), but I'm a fan!  I've sampled 3 flavors of their mini cakes and they are all so incredibly moist, fresh, and flavorful!  The cream cheese icing is not overloaded with sugar (as most are) and some of the cakes have whole chocolate chips in them.My boyfriend, who picked up our cakes, said the lady at the counter was very rude to him (is it because we were Groupon users?)....but, since I didn't experience that - 5 stars!  I think this would be a great place to get a full-size cake for birthday occasions - no more of that Safeway bakery crap!
4	Tasty! Beautiful presentation with a huge variety of themes to choose from..got a red velvet for our anniversary n the chocolate one for birthday n loved 'em'. The cakes are fresh, not too sugary and yummy!
4	I ask my husband for one of these for my birthday every year.  The cake part comes in like 8 different flavors, but good old chocolate is my favorite.  The cake is moist and flavorful and dense, but somehow doesn't seem heavy or processed.  And it's not too sweet.  How do they manage that?But the real kicker is the cream cheese frosting.  yes, my friends, this is what it's all about.  That thick, tangy, sweet, frosting all over that yummy, moist cake.  I think I may have to pick one up on the way home.
5	This place is amazing!!! I used to eat the original cakes from Las Vegas where it all began... and these cakes are just as good as the original maybe even better!! I get one every Birthday, anniversary or any occasion (excuse) to get one!! Impress a friend or coworker and get them as gifts!! The cakes are unforgettable!!
2	As others have said, the only reason we keep going back is for the fantastic taste and freshness of these cakes, not for the customer service at all. I find the owner extremely rude. We ordered a cake and were told to have it sit out for 4-5 hours prior to serving, well about 5 hours later we were cutting into my MIL's retirement cake and it was frozen solid, I was annoyed and we all proceeded to eat frozen cake. When I called to let the owner know, she sounded annoyed that I was taking up her time and asked what I wanted her to do? I told her she should credit me for the cake, she said fine. Well a month later I am going to pick up another cake, and guess what, they have no information on me!!! We have ordered over 10 cakes from here... Unfortunately we will have to take our business elsewhere, we will miss the cakes, but not the lack of customer service.
5	There's nothing bundt awesomeness about this place. This could be the sugar high talking, or it could be the chocoholism talking, but whatever it has...I never want the feeling to go away! During my sister's baby shower, I experienced another cake from this heavenly place. Again, we did the chocolate chip with white frosting. The frosting tastes like it was plucked from the clouds of sugar and touched by an Angel on its way down. The chocolate chip cake is like it came from a sea of moist cake batter and blessed by Titan as it was shipped off to the kitchen. The cake is cold, moist, the perfect combination of sugar and sweet, the frosting is creamy and for some reason, it doesn't create that awful after feeling of misery from sugar overload. Heaven. This cake is heaven.
5	I am pretty picky when it comes to my sweets, but Nothing Bundt Cakes never disappoints! I work at a retail store where we are always hosting parties for our clients. The owner and staff have been so helpful and have helped us to come up with creative ways of catering to our different parties. They have everything from bundtinis, bundtlets, and big bundt cakes, and I have tried them all! My recommendations... the red velvet or chocolate chocolate chip, their cream cheese frosting is AMAZING!
4	I've seen this place for years just driving past the corner of Frank Lloyd Wright and Scottsdale Road.Lucky for me, I was at a Superbowl Party where someone brought 2 of these cakes!  There was red velvet and chocolate.  Silly me only tried the Red Velvet at the party.  I thought it was really great and moist.  However, since then I've had the Red Velvet mini bundt cake, and I don't really love it.  I must say that Sprinkles' Red Velvet is so much better.  Maybe the larger cakes are better, maybe it needed to sit out longer.  I don't know.  I just know I won't be ordering the Red Velvet from here anymore.I do Love the chocolate cake with the chocolate chips in it!  So so good!  Makes me wish I would have tried to large bundt cake at that Superbowl party now!I also had a sample of the Lemon at the store, and I think I'll try that next time as well.  Keep in mind, it does have some type of nut.  I know my daughter wasn't a fan because of the nuts, but I loved it!
1	Seems to be a recurring theme that the owner/manager of this particular branch is rude to customers.  The ONE star is for her attitude.  Maybe she should read Yelp and get her act together.I love NBC, but the only one I have used is the one in 'Tukee.I'd advise that one if you want good, polite service.The Chocolate Chocolate Chip cake is AWESOME.  And the Red Velvet is above decent, also.Prices are high, but worth it in taste.The food is 4.5 stars for sure.
4	love this place!  i bought 4 mini bundt cakes around the holidays to give to friends.  i tried the red velvet and it was amazing!!!!  it's not too sweet so you can actually eat more.  delish!!!
5	Nothing bundt moist.Nothing bundt delightful cream cheese icing.Nothing bundt perfectly sized bundlet, almost enough to share..as if.Nothing bundt too damn far from my house.
3	I could care less if they are good or not!! After spending countless times ordering here I am done!  They are so rude and short with customers it is an absolute ugly shopping experience!!!
5	Nothing bundt fantastic!
5	The chocolate chip cake with white cream cheese frosting is the best ever!We had friends bring this cake with them to our cabin in Northeastern AZ this weekend and everyone loved it.  Only problem you just can't  eat one piece!
5	I had one of these cakes at a baby shower and was excited to see the store is only a mile away from my house!  The chocolate cake is absolutely delicious and I agree with the other reviews that the larger the cake the better it tastes.
5	We purchased the Living Social deal for two dozen Bundtinis!  We were really excited to be able to try and share (a couple) of all the enticing flavors Nothing Bundt Cakes has to offer!My son and I headed to the store so excited.  Of course in that excitement I forgot my wallet.  Kirsten was so nice, to accommodate my memory loss and make sure we got our Bundtinis and made it back on time.Thank you so much Kirsten for the great customer service!  The Bundtinis were fantastic, moist, flavorful and topped with a heavenly cream cheese icing.  We were the hit of our family get-together!  Everyone got to sample all the flavors and discuss which were our favorite.  This was a heated discussion between the lemon, red velvet and marble swirl!  The world will never know, you'll just have to try them for yourself!Nothing Bundt Cakes, I beg to differ, Kirsten & Shelby added great service and friendly smiles as well as the wonderful bundt cakes!  Thanks ladies!
5	There is really nothing bad to say about this place!  The cakes are moist and the frosting is sinful!  They have lots of flavors and always have samples...the bundtletts are good for a variety!
4	Cakes are moist and absolutely delicious.  Great variety.  The food is 5 stars however, the staff friendliness is not great.  If you want great cake, you will be happy just realize the staff won't be overly nice to you.
4	Warning!!!!The Bundtinis are like Pringles. Once You Pop, You Cant Stop!!!
5	The best, most delicious cakes ever made!! I was never a huge fan of bundt cakes, I always thought they were kind of dry and boring and blah... But then a client of mine brought me a bundlette for Christmas a few years back, and I've been obsessed ever since. My favorite is the lemon raspberry! It's to die! I die ten times every time I eat it! The girls that work at this location are very sweet(punny!) also. I'm glad that this place is far away from my house, because if it were closer I would weigh 300 pounds.
4	If you love cake like I do, you should defintely stop!  Though the location is not really eye-catching, the store itself is adorable! But more importantly, the cakes are moist and tasty!  Tried the red velvet which had chocolate chips inside - super good!  The little bundts make perfect birthday surprises!
5	Happened to find this little gem of a desert shop by mistake. The sales associates were very delightful and pleasant. We really had no intentions to buy but after being offered a sample of the delicious moist lemon bundt we could resist purchasing two cakes for the holidays!
5	I needed a dessert to bring to a friend's house who was hosting Christmas Dinner for about 12 people.  I had heard from a coworker that NBC was fantastic so I thought I'd give it a try.  I ordered the red velvet bundt cake.  Absolutely wonderful!  Everyone loved the cake and couldn't stop commenting on how delicious it was.  I can't wait to go back and order the bundtinis so I can try all the flavors.
2	The cakes are ok, a bit pricey but ok. I asked a staff member what they did with the cakes that didn't sell and I found out that they freeze some of the cakes in air tight bags. No law against that but for sure a turn off. So this made me wonder if it is luck of the draw that I get a fresh cake or a thawed out frozen one? I guess they gotta keep their food cost down some how. Cute conceot but I'd say you can get the same quality for less at another local bakery. If you are into paying a high price for ok quality then this is your spot. Staff needs to smile more. Will not be going back to this place.
5	Easily, one of the best red velvet cakes I have had. A few weeks ago, a co-worker picked up one of the cakes for a birthday. The cake was moist and I was thrilled to encounter chocolate chips in the cake! Wow. I knew from a Yelp event last year that they had small individual sizes so after having that red velvet cake, I made a beeline back to this shop. I was crushed when I entered the store and didn't see any in the display, but no fear, they had some in the back. As I looked around the shop, I noticed cute items for the kitchen (dish gloves, etc). Regardless, my red velvet cake was deelicious!
1	As a family, we love the cakes here, but bad business practice has us refusing to patronize them any more.My mother in law had a coupon to use and ordered a cake.  When she picked up the cake, she was told that she couldn't use the coupon, it was only for DECORATED cakes.  So she held onto it.A friend's birthday came along and she thought it was the perfect opportunity to use the coupon -- she could get a decorated cake for her friend!  So she ordered a decorated cake.And was told again that she could not use the coupon.  No real reason why, just that she couldn't.  Twice she spent good money at the location, and neither time would they honor the coupon.  And there was no attempt to make her happy.  I mean, it was a simple coupon.  It basically covered the cost the decoration.  Why not just give her the discount and keep the customer?  And the associate told her that it had happened to other people who were probably also unhappy.... then why hasn't anything been done to rectify the situation?Disingenuous business practices lead to loss of customers.
5	This is our go-to place for delicious cake!  They are so moist, and you really can't go wrong with ANY of the flavors!  The bundtinis are the perfect "cupcake" like size for one person, and we've even brought them to a club for a birthday party!  Our favorites are Chocolate Chocolate Chip of course, Lemon, and Cinnamon Swirl (tastes like a Cinnamon Bun).  But all of them are amazing!  Go check it out if you haven't!
5	This is our go-to place when a special event at work or home requires a sugar-infused celebration.  Red Velet, White Choc Raspberry, Choclate Choc-chip and Marble are favs!  In all the times I've been there I've found the staff to be friendly and helpful.. even when I come in a short notice (CAN I HAVE SOME BUNTINIS NOW!!!!).They also freeze well for travelling back to Ohio...
5	OH MY GOODNESS!!!!It took me this long to write up a review for Nothing Bundt Cakes, they are truly AMAZING!!!! I prefer this over a cake anytime for my birthday, and everyone who knows me knows this is very true!!! I have been in love with nothing bundt cakes for over two years now!!! Best bundt cakes ever, they are super moist and tasty!!! Heaven in your mouth, it's an explosion of fluffy cake, with sweet, sweet flavors, my top faves are their Red Velvet, Marble, THE ALMOND POPPYSEED, and ect... I LOVE THEM ALL!!!!!   The customer service here is always great!!! AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Fast, simple and easy breezy!!! :) YOU MUST TRY if you haven't, I can assure you, that you will never regret it!! (Except if you eat too much and gain a few pounds) Then you might!!! JK :)
5	The other day I bought a carrot cake for my mother-in-law's birthday celebration.  That is her favorite flavor. Note: you have to call in at least 10 minutes ahead of time to give them time to decorate the cake.  Not a big deal since the cake is definitely worth the wait.   OK, back to the carrot cake... we get it home and much to my surprise it looked and tasted like a spiced apple cake.  (My opinion) It was still delicious and moist and everyone at the table loved it.   We took great joy in trying to locate any evidence of carrot at all, so fun was had by all.   HERE is why I am taking  the time to write this...The next day I called to talk with the proprietor of this particular store to complain that I got the wrong cake.  So I was geared up for a fight.  I thought for sure I'd need a receipt. I need to bring back the uneaten cake if any, etc. NONE of that was true.  I DID get carrot cake, though not one that any of us had seen or tasted before.  Sometimes different is GOOD.  I did NOT need a receipt, instead what i got was a sincere apology and a promise to make good on my expectations.   I can tell you this much.  The owner is committed to customer service. (No I am not related, nor do I work there, nor do I know anyone that works there) and the cakes ARE yummy!!!  I don't know that I would buy the carrot cake again After all, they do have chocolate chocolate-chip and THAT is MY favorite flavor!
4	I've had samples of Nothing Bundt Cakes at local events and have always thought they were super moist and delicious. So delicious that I decided to buy a Bundt cake for my mother's birthday. I hadn't been to this store previously and the location is near a bunch of shopping areas but actually kind hard to find. I accidently drove past the first time and had to turn around. There was plenty of parking though, so that was nice. The outside glass is reflective, so it was impossible to see inside - I wasn't sure if they were open or busy. I took a chance and walked in to find the store empty. Bundt cakes were everywhere and looking every inch of delicious. An employee walked out and asked if I needed any help. I told her I'd take the 10" Red Velvet Bundt Cake in the display case and she went in the back to box it up for me. She was extremely friendly and super talkative/bubbly. She had definitely been getting a sugar rush from all the Bundt cakes! As she was finalizing the box, I also ordered a tiny Pecan Bundt from the display case for my husband. The employee was happy to oblige and I was on by way. We kept the Bundt cakes refrigerated and pulled them out prior to serving them so they had time to get to room temperature. Honestly, you could eat them directly from the fridge but letting them sit out does taste just a slightly bit better. My mom really liked the cake and it was a success. I'd definitely go back and get more Bundt cakes.
5	Great alternative to cupcakes.  Love the red velvet!
4	The lemon Bundt cake with cream cheese frosting was like eating a little piece of heaven. I was torn between the caramel praline, carrot cake, and lemon cake, but I'm so glad that I went with the lemon. It was absolutely fantastic!
2	Well, the cake is absolutely amazing. No doubt. But the service ... wow. I called to order an 8-inch round for my friend's birthday celebration. The person who answered the phone was clearly annoyed by me placing an order. So disappointing.
5	Thank you Nothing Bundt Cakes for donating mini bundt cakes to The Junior League! I had my first Bundt cake (white chocolate) last night and it was absolutely, perfectly, amazing!!!! I thought I would take a bite to try the cake out, expecting it to be good... It was so good, I finished the whole cake!The white chocolate bundt cake was moist, had a perfect amount of frosting drizzled on top and down the middle and raspberries in the cake. Cake flavor was delicious!I will definitely be in to pick up some more soon to share with friends.
2	Service is horrible.  Cakes amazing, but not worth the agrivation.I was there today, and yes, I realize it's close to the holidays., but,  I've been there many times in the middle of summer when no one is even outside.   My order of buntinis was promised in 20 minutes, and finally brought out to me in an hour.  By this point the shop was full of angry customers.  Bottom line: go if you don't care about service, or if the employees care about you.  For me, it's no longer worth it.
5	What can I say, I LOVE Nothing Bundt Cakes!  Over the years, I've easily eaten all the different flavors.  Red Velvet is the best, but all are delicious... truly you cannot go wrong.  In my opinion if you want a special treat or pick me up a Nothing Bundt Cake does the trick, but their cakes are equally wonderful for a special occasion.  I've purchased them for work events, birthdays, and holidays, and the cake just never disappoints.  One tip, be sure to let it come to room temp before eating... then, it's just right!So, in conclusion... have a cake, eat it all up, and enjoy.  Just repeat as needed, and it will be needed, trust me!
5	Love these cakes! I am addicted! They are easily my weakness! The red velvet is my favorite!
5	I've got nothing bundt good things to say about Nothing Bundt Cakes.  The lemon bundt-tini was delicious.  A perfectly moist and lemony cake, with a decedent cream cheese frosting.  Loved it.  The perfect desert for two.
5	Decisions...decisions...decisions...I wandered in here - well you can't actually "wander" in here because it's harder to find than Donald Trump's hairline - but you get the idea.They have about 1.76 billion choices (red velvet, chocolate chocolate, white chocolate, lemon, marble, etc.) and you have to decide what you want.  I narrowed the 1.76 billion down to six but couldn't get it down any farther. So, I did what any other semi-smart, logical male with a sweet tooth would do - I bought all six.  I won't bother you with my own favorite (it was red velvet if you must know), suffice to say they were all fresh, moist and delicious.  And, no I didn't eat all six bundt cakes (my wife wouldn't let me).  Afterwards, I took an oath to avoid this place for awhile.
5	These little cakes are like angels dancing on my tongue!  The frosting is not too sweet and it's very smooth and creamy.  The cake is incredibly moist and delicious.  I've only gotten bundtlets there, but great things can come in small packages!  I love the variety of flavors they offer as well.
5	This place was nothing short of amazing. I cant wait to throw another party and get more mini b undt cakes! I got the assortment of their four best sellers, but my personal fav is the lemon!  Yum :-)
5	They have the best Red Velvet in AZ. I go to Nothing Bundt Cakes for my dessert needs!
5	I called ten other bakers and this is the only place that said YES to a same day deliver. I need this for an early mother day girl to my friend in AZ. Not only did they say yes they where so helpfull and nice on the phone. They didn't change me astronomical prices either. Big points in my book. And to top it all off my girlfriend loved the little cakes. 5 stars all the way.
5	Our company has ordered cakes from here for milestones, birthdays, etc.I've never tried any type of "bundt" cake before that time, but my interest was piqued because it was attached to the word "cake".Ever since my first bite of the UTTER HEAVEN, I've been trying to chase that "first high" ever since. I could be easily hooked and strung out on these, if I permitted my squealing inner-fat kid to get her way. To keep myself in check, I just enjoy them through company events, as it's better this way.
4	I've tried the chocolate and carrot cakes. Both are incredible. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is due to their hours. They close at 6 on the dot and sometimes I don't make it there in time. There is nothing worse then craving one of these delicious cakes and not being able to get one
5	Sooooo yummy!! I love the red velvet!  Both the cake and the frosting.  And how cool that they come in mini sizes so I dont have to feel so guilty when I eat them. The owner is fantastic too. She really is a happy, giving person which makes the cakes even taste better.   Definitely, visit this Scottsdale or Arcadia location since she owns both.
1	I wanted to buy my mom a mini cake after she just had surgery. I went into the store placed my order and pulled out my phone to show the groupon, I had been saving for the right moment. As the young red head was ringing me up she looked at the other young girl next to her then proceeded to explain that the groupon was only available at the Indian school NBC "to bring business". Funny. The groupon clearly states that it's only good at the listed location. It only listed the Scottsdale NBC. I had to clarify with the red head that there's nothing she can do about a mistake on behalf of the business. She replied "nope". No affection at all.  How unfortunate. It's impossible to run a business with crappy customer service. I've been a customer at this store for years now. This was the straw that broke the camels back. Bye bye.
3	I like their cakes. Great idea for gifts or parties. Their prices are quite expensive, but the flavors are solid, if a bit on the sweet side. I would recommend cinnamon or red velvet.
2	Stopped in for a little cake.  Busy and was not even acknowledged for at least ten minutes.  I did not even want to shop after that length of time, but decided to go ahead.  Was not worth the wait.
5	Came here to just try out a few of the bundt cakes --- holy moly they are good. They are so moist, flavorful and have just the right hint of frosting. My husband, who is not a fan of frosting, especially fell in love with these little bits of heaven. Do yourself and go here - every single one we tried was delicious. They also stayed moist for several days after we purchased them. The business itself is a little hard to find and rather small inside. They sell a lot of cute little party type items but I definitely had to keep a tight rein on my two little ones while we waited due to all the things they could possibly break. Next time I would place an order in advance for pick up (due to the kiddos) however we just walked in and didn't have to wait long for our order. I'm getting a craving for these delicious treats as I write......
5	Not sure how anyone has given this place less than a 5 star! The cakes are always fresh and moist. I love almost every flavor they have but I am a sucker for their red velvet!! I would highly recommend this place to anyone with a sweet tooth or someone that needs to bring desert to a pot luck or something
4	Nice nice surpise!  I was looking for a good chocolate cake for my Dad's birthday and this is what I found.  They had one left and it was all mine.  Folks were very nice and the cake... delicious!
5	Free samples!!! All locations that I have been to always have free samples, which is great for testing out new flavors. The service is good, the bundt cakes are amazing! I love the lemon flavor.
