4	This is the kind of place where you're served coffee before anything else. Your placemat is your menu, and the temperature control is questionable. But the sausage omelette features meat from schwartz's market. The ham is freshly sliced off the tinfoil-covered-baked-ham behind the counter. You'll watch your breakfast cooked behind the counter, so you don't have to ask the waitress any details, not that she'd tell you anyways. My favorite part of O'Leary's is the decor. It's a long narrow restaurant and one side wall is completely taken over by street art. You have the requisite South Side tin ceiling, and there's always tunes playing on the mini-boombox. The only real drawback of O'Leary's is the regulars. They eye you a bit funny when you first walk in the door. They turn out to be pretty harmless though.
1	The coffee came immediately, before we could look at the menu. Normally, this is a good thing, but their menu was limited and overpriced. The owner and her sister argued loudly and shrill about money with some unintelligible regular who had an recently snubbed cigar hanging in his mouth. We did not want to sit in this run down diner let alone eat there. We paid for the coffee and walked out.
5	This is pretty much exactly what I want out of a diner. Specifically for breakfast. Quick with the coffee, very friendly, and I think very reasonable prices: $7 even for my 2 eggs, really good bacon, toast, homefries and coffee. What more do you want? Oh, and the over easy eggs were perfect.
4	Quaint little place.  Small menu with reasonable prices.  I REALLY like this diner.  It is as unpretentious as you can get and they make their French toast from scratch.  That's right, you read that properly.  They make every order of French toast from scratch and to order.  It is not taken out of the freezer like so many other places.  Coupled with the fact that it actually tastes good, I have found my new favorite breakfast place.  They don't do poached eggs, but the fried eggs are not greasy and always cooked properly -- so I can let this slide.  Items that we have ordered here:French ToastEggs, over easyBaconSausageHamPancakesSteak and Cheese sandwichHomefriesHot Sausage pattyThere are only two things that really haven't been that great here (in my opinion): the hot sausage patty and the steak and cheese sandwich.  I am not a fan of fennel, which is why I don't care for the sausage patty.  As for the steak and cheese, I can get a better tasting one at other Pittsburgh locales; doesn't taste bad, though.Do not expect to go in on a weekend and have a long conversation with the people working behind the counter; they are slammed and it shows in their no-nonsense attitude toward everyone.  They are congenial but always straight to the point.  Not once did I see this mother-daughter duo stop to rest.  They were cooking machines.This is one of the big draws for me.  Watching these two ladies work seamlessly as they create a little dish of deliciousness for everyone.  From making the French toast, to the fresh home fries, to the freshly baked and carved ham that they use.  You can see that love that goes into what they cook. The only downside is the parking situation.  It is the standard Carson Street quandry: finding that coveted parking space on the main drag or on one of the side streets.  It is well worth it, especially if you like French toast.  I will be returning and returning and returning....
3	An old fashioned diner with a lot of locals but a small menu. Simple fair like bacon and eggs, pancakes, a couple of omelets for breakfast are on the menu, and so are basics like a hamburger, cheeseburger, ham sandwich, BLT, and a steak hoagie for lunch. I think I literally just listed 90% of what they had on the menu. I sat at the counter and ordered a BLT ($4.50) and a turner's iced tea ($0.75).  The BLT was made fresh and it was tasty (bacon crisp, lettuce crisp, tomato freshly sliced). Simple food for affordable prices with friendly staff.
2	Kind of made me feel like I was sitting in my Aunt's kitchen back in the 40's except for the 80's hairdos on the cook and waitress...and that's not a bad thing.  Homey, comfortable, a decent, basic, simple place...nothing wrong with that.
4	this dirty little dinner has great service, breakfast foods all day and a serious bowl of wedding soup.  It was a wet day in Pittsburgh and I was heading to the Bee Hive for a soup when I spotted O'leary's across the street.  Seated in the window was three Octogenerians drinking coffee and talking local murders.  I headed straight for the nineteen fifties bar stools and lunch counter and order a grilled cheese on wheat and a bowl of soup- my kid ordered pancakes and a side of hashbrowns- she thought the potatoes were as good as Pamelas and the wedding soup was as good as Minutellos-  the price was right  under $14  and the food was fresh and good. The atmosphere is south side hang over but I'm a fan.  only draw back is no skim milk only 2 %  Eat up.
3	It is small and somewhat out-dated, but the service is good and the food (although not a very diverse menu) is rather good considering the appearances.  I've been to O Leary's both for breakfast and lunch type foods and neither of those times was I disappointed.They keep it short, sweet, simple ... and sometimes that's just how I like my dining experiences.  A-Ok in my book!
4	I'm not afraid to admit it, I feel WAY much more at home and comfortable in a grease spoon diner than in a high-end eating establishment.  Food has always been a comfort item for me and not necessarily an adventure, although there's plenty of those to be had in the Pittsburgh scene.Back again and this time for breakfast.  The locals were there in force but they were super friendly.  Grits (which was AWESOME) and Eggs with Toast was the meal ordered.  I left with a happy palate, a full belly, and barely a dent to me wallet.
4	I've probably walked by this place dozens if not hundreds of times.  For some reason I always thought it was closed because you can't really see inside.  But one morning, after working overnight, some friends and I decided to give it a try.  If nothing else, we could wander on over to Jack's for cocktails if O'Leary's was a bust.Okay, sure, we did end up at Jack's.  But not before enjoying a delicious breakfast at O'Leary's first.  The two ladies behind the counter work together beautifully to take and put together orders.  I was quite impressed with their efficiency.  My friends ordered omelets and breafast sandwiches while I ordered the breakfast burrito.  I had to, it's my thing.  If I see a breakfast burrito on a menu, I have to try it.  The choice of meats includes your typical: bacon, hot or sweet sausage, ham....but also kielbasa.  So I just had to try the kielbasa filled breakfast burrito.  You can look at my picture to see that, okay, technically the tortilla was not folded over completely.  But it still had all the ingredients inside and was topped with salsa and sour cream.  The biggest surprise was the fact that they use mango salsa.  I was shocked to find mango salsa in a place like this, and then I became very pleased.  The waitress asked me if I enjoyed it and I told her I most certainly did.  I was shocked to find out that this burrito is a new item on their menu.  I hope it stays there.  My friends also enjoyed their selections.  I believe I heard, "This could be the best breakfast I've ever had" come out of one of them.  The spectacle behind the counter and the friendly service only made everything that much better.  We all agreed we will return.  If only to try the grits and use the coupon I forgot I had in my wallet.
4	We just had our first breakfast at O'Leary's and it was wonderful!!! Great prices, great food, nice staff, family owned and friendly locals..... Does it get any better than that?The food was delicious, portions were great and we will definitely be back.  If you love diners, this is a great place to try!!
4	so we went in expecting a greasy spoon. my poor stomach was already quivering with regret as we walked through the door and were seated at a tiny no-frills table. the booths are also no-frills. reminiscent of the old mcdonalds booths. and we seemed to be in the corner with all of the flies. the kitchen is open and was directly across from our table. we could see them cooking everything in big soup pots and skillets - i do like that. so why 4 stars? certainly my report so far has seemed a little more 2-starish. the food was sooo good! my husband and i shared the french toast and the veggie breakfast burrito and they were both spectacular - simple, light, clean food. so really, this place was exactly what we were looking for: old school diner + totally solid food. we will absolutely go back. [btw vegetarian friendly]
3	We stumbled upon O'Leary's on a Sunday morning literally seconds after I finished a diatribe about the South Side's lack of breakfast options.  My BF and I had made the mistake of attempting a Piper's brunch after 11 am only to find a 1 hour wait and stomachs left wanting.  We were walking down Carson St. looking for an alternative and almost walked by this place, as many of other reviewers have said it is easy to miss it despite the yellow paint adorning the building.  A quick check on Yelp and we decided to give it a try.We immediately found an empty table and were greeted by a server who took our order for coffees and water.  The coffee arrived and it was hot and somewhat decent for your run of the mill diner.  We both went with the mixed grill, his with bacon and mine with kielbasa (they do get kudos for having this as a meat option) and toast.  After a short wait and some attentive coffee service our food arrived, and our table equipped with ketchup and chipotle tobasco.  I could pour that hot sauce over anything and it would taste great, but I suspect that my dish still would have been good without it.  All of the ingredients were fresh and nothing was greasy.  However, when the server brought our food out she let us know that the toast did not come with the mixed grill but we could add it for a charge.  What savory breakfast of egg, meat, and taters does not come with toast along side it?  I really shouldn't gripe, our two coffees, entrees, toast, and the water that never came (minus another point) filled us up and came to a total of $20.  But charging extra for a couple pieces of bread when you are already charging $8 for potatoes and egg with a few veggies and pieces of meat?Overall the food was good and if I lived in the South Side I would definitely head back here, but there is nothing here I can't find at my own neighborhood breakfast spots (with the toast included!).
4	Simple and awesome brunch. Very homely not at all greasy. Very friendly service, make sure you get the home fries either inside your burrito or as a side.Family owned and operated, beats Pamelas hands down
5	Fantastic service, great atmosphere, and one of the best breakfasts in the Burgh! If you are lookin' to be satisfied, then look no further, my man, because this place is off the hizzy. (That means that it's really good)Their chocolate chip peanut butter pancakes made me happy as a clam.Seriously good food.- C-Dawg
4	I love that This place has a Huge Mega Stuffed Veggie Burrito and Awesome Staff as Well.Everytime I've ate here nothing short of Polite Women Cooks/Waitresses.Real home cooking and perfect if you live in "SaasSide".5 times that I was here just Great all around Stop in here and you won't be let down.Cheers Friends
5	I used to live on 17 & Jane and would dine here are almost every Saturday morning after hitting the bars. Food is just fantastic home hooked meals from scratch. My go to is the atomic omelet then adding some siracha for more spice. If I feeling real hungry, breakfast burrito is the cure. The thing is massive and for the price well worth it. I don't live in the south side anymore but anytime I am crashing at a friends on a weekend you better believe I will be there.
5	Great service, excellent food served hot off the stove! I felt like I was sitting in my mom's kitchen chatting with the locals. And the staff genuinely seemed happy we stopped in for breakfast. Next time we are in town, this is a definite stop!
5	I've lived in the southside for 3.5+yeArs and was never fortunate to eat at O'leary's. More like wake up in time to enjoy breakfast food. We came in and ordered the specials and within 10-15 minutes we had our meals and sides. Great breakfast food
3	I didn't really find this place phenomenal. I ordered the breakfast burrito and a coffee. Both were actually really good. Service was average, but there was actually a family argument going on at the time of my breakfast. I thought that was a little unprofessional. I understand it's a family business and disagreements and arguments may happen, but take it to the back.. not a front row show for your customers. I live in south side and love breakfast so I'll mot likely be back.
3	Cheap, quick breakfast! If you're looking for breakfast and don't want to wait 2 hours to get into DeLuca's or Pamela's, this place is where you want to go. Their menu doesn't have as much variety, but everything is around or under $10 and the portions are huge.
5	I love the atmosphere in o'leary's. It's a little tiny family owned cafe where everyone knows your name by the time you leave. The place is very intimate, VERY pittsburgh, and the food is great.
5	My boyfriend and I have been coming here for over 2 years.. It's our favorite breakfast place! They even have some lunch items! Try the potato salad!!! It's the best.. Love, your "burger girl"
