5	Arizona inspired architecture; circles and triangles, and Arizona inspired elements; water, fire, zeroscape, dominate the Tempe Center for the Arts.They have a full Fall 07-Spring 08 schedule posted on their web site. Go for a show, but it's beautiful enough to enjoy walking around Tempe Town Lake at Sunset.
5	I love this edifice so much I want to marry it. But since marrying buildings has not been approved by the voters of Arizona, along with same sex marriage and the marrying of goats, I shall perhaps just have to have a party here. WOW! What a venue. The ECHO magazine awards were held here and they couldn't have picked a better space. The textures, shapes and colors are stimulating and soothing. Much like that chilled double shot of Patron they served me. Great sight lines, audio and comfy seats all added up to a win win situation. Oh. And the fact that we won that night was even better. The views of Tempe Lake and the infinity pool were amazing. From the outside, I have to admit, it looked a bit like a Evangelical church. But once inside, full of drag queens and Grey Goose schwilling mos, I knew this was not that kind of church. In fact, no church at all. Tempe Center for the Arts is its own art. Sexy. Chic. And urban. I think that party I'll have will be a yelp event and y'all are invited.
5	...This review is actually for the Ignite Phoenix event that was held on 2/25/09...I had heard about this event from another Yelper and decided to sign up and give it a whirl! I am glad I did, it wasn't quite what I expected but it was alot of fun! There was about 20 different presenters ranging from the advantages of solar power, to reasons why fear helps us grow, to a go talking about the human brain! They were all very enjoyable and 3 hours went by very quickly. They had a rule that you have to meet 5 people before the end of the night and I must have met 20-30. It was nice to try and network with people in many different professions and genre of employ. I even got some tips on how to cook my stuffed chicken more thoroughly! Needless to say it was a great event and I am volunteering for the next one! I wil be yelping about when the next one comes around in June, this one being held at the Phoenix Muesum of Art, which is one of my favorite places! I am very excited about this one!So three cheers to Ignite Phoenix and bringing more people together in the professional community!
5	I attend a lot of networking events, and frankly, the thought of going to one more "event" on a work night, when I could be home snuggling in my pjs and drinking pina coladas did not thrill me.  But I thought, "Hey, I'll try it once, sounds interesting."   And golly, was I glad I attended.  It was the most fun I have had since, well since I don't know when.  The purpose of Ignite is that random people, (who have previously applied and been accepted by Ignite) get up and speak on random subjects for appropriately 5 minutes.    Seriously I thought it would be really boring.  You know;  a bunch of really bad speakers umming and ahing all over the stage, but it wasn't.  All of the speeches were insightful and interesting, even the ones that I didn't think I'd be interested in like solar power, or comic books.  The audience was huge.  I was amazed that so many people showed up to an event that was only advertised through word of mouth.I also met some really interesting people there.  The most memorable was the man that sat on my right, Chris Halloran, photographer to stars and presidents.  From looking at him you wouldn't have known, but he was one of the few photographers allowed in to photograph President Obama when he came to Mesa.Anyway, I had so much fun, I applied to speak at Ignite 4.  Hope I get picked!
5	Ok this was my first time at the Tempe Symphony Orchestra, or any symphony orchestra for that matter. I arrived early to find a friend had been the first in line in anticipation of a huge crowd. I was told earlier in the day by the box office lady to get there early because tickets would sell out fast. I'm glad I did I had the opportunity to chat and catch up with a couple of friends and the thought of running into the theater first was exciting even if I have to stampede over a few grey hairs in wheel chairs. The doors were suppose to open at 6:30 pm and did about ten minutes later. At that time the line looked like a polling place for a Bush election; it was long. We headed for the second floor balcony and sat just left of center with a fantastic view of the stage. I headed to the bar and was surprised to learn that I can take my wine back to my seat without having to place a security deposit for carpet cleaning. Drinks were average price $6 dollars for the house wine and $6 dollars for a cocktail. Not bad considering the tickets are free. I don't know much about classical music or orchestras but what I can say about the acoustics from the second floor balcony is that the sound from the back of the stage was more clear than the instruments in the front. At intermission I ventured back to the bar and then onto the patio with the negative edge pool that looks out over Tempe Town Lake. The fire pits were well placed and flowed well with the water and the mood of the night. I sat through the second act with a new found respect for classical musicians and look forward to returning to TCA for more opportunities to out seat gray hairs and drink in public to a refined art that some may say is reserved for the privileged and I say is reserved for my entertainment.
4	This place offers so much yet I have experienced so little.  I've lived down the street ever since it was built but have only made the 10 minute (walking) trek twice.  The first time was to see the Chuck Jones exhibit which was very cool and very interesting.  The second time was last night for their open mic night (http://www.tempe.gov/TCA/wiw.htm).The inside and outside of the TCA is actually pretty cool.  I've never seen the inside the concert area, but inside the surrounding area is pretty neat.  I can't really explain it but it has a good vibe.My wife and I have been wanting to try their lounge/cafe/bar thing ever since it opened.  We heard that it was a nice place to sit and enjoy the TCA and the surrounding sights.  So, when we heard about the live music in the lounge we finally decided to give the place a try.  However, upon arriving, we found that the open mic thing had grown to popular so it was moved into a much larger and less intimate area of the TCA.  The room was nice but reminded me of a room in a conference center, but it did have a very good view of their negative edge pool/fountain thing overlooking the lake.  There was small bar setup where you could purchase wine/beer/cocktails and snacks.  Nothing to elaborate, fancy or expensive.  Anyway, my wife and I sat for about an hour and listened to some up-and-coming musicians.  I really wasn't a fan of them, but I give them mad props for getting up there and doing their thing.  However, it was a relatively good time and I could probably sit there all night and listen to random and diverse music.  You can check it out every Wednesday from 6:30 till 11:30 I think.  The bar shuts down at 9ish though.After we left the the open mic area we visited the main bar/lounge thing.  It had a very nice ambiance and was pretty dead which was nice.  You can sit, watch tv or enjoy the view of the lake.  The beer/wine/cocktail selection is pretty standard for a small bar.Anyway, it was a neat experience and nice to have a place like TCA less than a mile from my house.  I'm not sure I would rush back to the open mic thing, but if I'm ever board on a Wednesday night, I know where to walk.  However, I can't wait to see a concert/show in the main concert hall to see what that's all about.
4	This place is pretty dope. The building is unique and its employees and volunteers are laid back and informative. I went here to check out the Chuck Amuck: A Legacy of Laughter exhibit and was expecting to pay a admittance fee. But nope, it was free. And I was like, "kickass". So, once I was done reading, looking, and watching all the Cuck Jones stuff I went up to the person who was working as the information/supervisor of the exhibit and said, "this place is nice, what else do you guys have and do here?' And she filled me in on the whole Wednesday open mic night thing and gave me a flyer of other events going on. I asked if they had a nice theatre and she replied with a, "why don't you see for yourself and you can decide". So she hooked my cousin and I up with a little tour of the theatre and building. I have been meaning to go to one of the open mic nights there since, but haven't gotten around to it being that I'm pretty lazy and all. But overall, Tempe can hold its head up high when it comes to their center for the arts.
5	A Year With Frog & Toad performance was awesome!  We went with the third grade class from Lomas Elementary. The actors were great and the stage props engaging to all audience age groups!  The facility was great!  We all, parents included enjoyed the entire event at Tempe Center for the Arts!
4	Was here for Ballet Under the Stars on 9/24, which was hosted at the outdoor ampitheatre on the lawns (300+ attendance).Beautiful architecture and public space - great nighttime views of the Mill Ave. bridge from lakeside walkways overlooking Tempe Town Lake, outdoor fountains, spacious lawns. Perfect to catch a concert or view the exhibit collection and a leisurely stroll along the lake afterwards.The Center has both a 600-seat theatre as well as a 200-seat studio and hosts diverse, multi-media programming as well as ongoing exhibitions.The Center is well laid out with plentiful parking, including overflow lots at Hardy/Rio Salado.
5	As someone who lives in Tempe in the general Mill Avenue area, I consider this one of the great benefits of my location. The center opened, I think, in 2007 or 2008 and it offers a great mix of cultural activities. Some fun ways to get started in your cultural adventure with the Center is to go to the Wednesday evening local music event where you can grab a beverage (adult or non-adult) from the bar and hear some great local musicians try out their material (from 6 pm to 10 pm) and in April, every Wednesday night, from 7 pm to 8:30 pm a local poet reads their poetry, along with a discussion of their work. In the Spring, there are a ton of events but they have stuff going on throughout the year. You may also want to make time for a walk along Tempe Town lake to see the local people out and about and to watch the sunset. A great addition to the city of Tempe and for many us in the Mill area, easily within walking distance though if you want to drive there, parking is free! :-)
5	The architecture along deserves five stars. When I drive past Tempe Center of the Arts on the freeway, I can see it shimmering in the sun. When I drive up and park to walk inside, I see its glory and realize this is truly a masterpiece in Tempe. While we don't have an ocean, we do have a "lake"... well maybe it's not a lake to some, but it's as close as we can get here in Phoenix. Tempe Center for the Arts created its architecture so that the water is a negative edge, so that when you look out all you see is miles of water. It's gorgeous. Tempe Center of the Arts is one of the few venues in Tempe that can hold a large amount of people. I hosted an event here in a previous job, and we brought in 250 high school students for a academic day. Not only was the staff a gem to work with, we were able to use every level, knook and cranny of the venue which gave a unique twist to a conference and allowed the students to have some visual stimulation. I have also attended events here as a guest and every time I visit, I walk away in awe of the space. This truly is one of the great venues of Tempe or Phoenix for that matter and I applaud them!
5	I went here during the Mexican American artwork exhibit.  The exhibit was full of diverse, remarkable pieces, including an entire vintage kitchen.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  The entire layout of the building was simple and modern.  I have gone twice since the first visit.  It's a good trip for a lazy day in Tempe.
4	Attended a college graduation here and the grounds and facilities are wonderful.
5	Beautiful art center. It sits right near the Tempe Town Lake and offers plenty of great views. The interior is well kept and holds plenty of people.In the main auditorium, it appears they are using cell-blocking devices because immediately cell signals are dropped upon entering. I don't know this for sure, but it was experienced by me and several others. This was only an issue if the event was supposed to be interactive like Diggnation (when they went on tour in Tempe) or Ignite Phoenix.
5	Fantastic! You get the idea from all the reviews, here's the compacted version:1) Amazing architecture - inside YES, even from the outside alone (footbridge, garden area on East side, fountain, etc)2) To see a performance - amazing acoustics, the wooden walls/ceiling create a fantastic venue!3) Wedding - friend of mine just had wedding reception here, spectacular - they use Santa Barbara Catering (top 3 in the Valley - AMAZING) and the room was all glass, sat on the infinity pool that "merged" with the lake.A must see - whatever the reason is!
5	Love the TCA.Of course the arcitecture is the 1st thing youll notice (it's literally modelled on the outside after a crumpled up piece of paper). The inside is beautiful as well. the bar is nice and well stocked. The patio is spacious and who doesnt love an infinity edge on a water feature?!Ive seen shows on both the mainstage and the Studio stage. The Studio is my fave, but probably because Ive performed on it once or twice.A great place to see a show.
5	Hit up the local comedy show on a recent Friday night. It was great. It was cheap. Like 10 comics for $10. There were no lines at the bar. Bartenders we super cool. It was walking distance from downtown Tempe. There were cabs and bicycle taxis available. The venue was awesome. Brand new, nice, swanky, clean, well lit. They had a jazz show going on in another studio and a party up on the rooftop also. Every seat in the comedy show had a great view. Right on the water. C'mon get down there and check it out for a concert or a show or an artist exhibit!
5	Truly a jewel in the desert this lovely venue is the home of the nationally acclaimed children' s theatre "Childsplay" and also is home to numerous musical and dance groups. There used to be a Tempe Community Theatre also, but sadly they went out of business.The venue features 2 theaters and a lovely art studio along with the "Lakeside Room" that is used for events such as weddings and company dinners. The venue is situated on Tempe Town Lake and the views from the large windows at the back are breath taking. Even if you don't go to an event here, it is worth it to drop by to see the venue itself.
4	I've been to Tempe Center for the Arts a handful of times, mostly for really fun events such as the Epik Dance Troop performance this past weekend, Ignite Phoenix, and the annual 20-30 Club Noche de Gourmet.The facility is gorgeous.  It sits right on Tempe Town Lake.  It has ample parking, and it's pretty centrally located.  There are three levels with stairs and elevators, and plenty of restrooms as well.Whether you're considering going to an event at Tempe Center for the Arts as a guest or thinking about hosting an event there yourself, go for it!  Just make sure I get an invite as I'd love to join you!
5	All the reviews here are true!  TCA is gorgeous and worth the visit.  I have only ever gone in for Childsplay shows.  But I've been in both their smaller intimate theater and their larger theater.  Both have excellent sound capabilities, the chairs are comfortable, and I have enjoyed myself every time.The architecture is a beauty to take in when you are inside and out.  It's worth coming in just to look around if you are in the area.  They have walking paths outside with one of the new pedestrian bridges.  Stop just looking at it from the freeway and come in for a show!Don't expect to be chintzy in their little snack bar though.  Even the chips cost an arm and a leg!
5	Gorgeous facility.
5	Hosting a photo competition with 40 photographers at this place was a BLAST. So many things to take pictures of around. The pretty blue bridge right in front of the building, the water features, and I also found a new hang out place which is on the 2nd level patio which was a great place to look around. By the time we were there, they had Miss Arizona event so we were in the right time and place to take photos. This is definitely one of the most favorite place for AZ photographers to take pictures..
5	This building is beautiful inside and out. I came here for Innovation Arizona Summit last week and it was my first time there. Well, inside. I've walked and ran by millions of times. But actually walking inside was a real treat. The summit was a very successful event and I enjoyed exploring the TCA for the first time. It's a very artsy and visually appealing place. I loved seeing the Pedestrian Bridge at sunset from inside. Very cool.
4	"Spot On" reviews fellow Yelpers!!  Thank you!  I was not disappointed!  TCA is a hidden gem!  As everyone has said, the venue is beautiful - contemporary in design, yet warm and inviting.  We went for the first time on Friday to see one of the Comedy Concert Series performances.  No belly laughs but definitely smiles and chuckles.  The best part about the comedy series is you can just purchase a ticket (if that's all you want).  No two drink minimum and wondering if your drinks will actually show up.  No trying to read your "tab" in darkness wishing it had been printed in braille so (at least then) you'd have a fighting chance.  And no concern for your credit card being gone so long - you end up hoping it hasn't travelled the world without you!  The Comedy Series is a "must do" on a Friday night.  Attire is casual (not to be confused with "slum-wear") so you can dress comfortably.  We attended the 7:30 p.m. show which lends itself to grabbing a quick bite before or dinner after.  We'll be back!!!
5	Not sure this venue gets the attention it deserves, but I do agree with the other reviews.  It is truly a gem!  From the beautiful contemporary water shelf in the lobby (not sure if that's the correct name for it) to the diversity of performance offerings, it is not to be missed!
5	Beautiful place to visit. They bring awesome lecturers to the public. I attended a talk here by Michael Pollan and had the opportunity meet him while getting my books signed! TCA staff was so helpful and treat you like royalty. Nice little bar setup as well w treats, coffee, wine, and beer :)
5	Beautiful venue, love the architectural style of the building, love the location. Inside, it's bright and airy and the best part is despite the large number of people it can hold, there are no bad seats in the house. Anywhere you seat, you can get a good view of the stage. Keep this in mind if you are purchasing tickets and are on a budget. Even the least expensive seats are good seats!If you are here for a matinee show, pack a picnic lunch and go out to the patio area or stroll to the Tempe town lake, sit away, have your picnic and enjoy yourself!
3	Friends and I visited TCftA after having our fill at the Aloha Festival today.  Loved the pond/waterfall in the front, with the pebble formation off to one side, as well as the Sculpture Garden.  The gallery was open and admission was free, so we went in and enjoyed seeing "American Pop," an exhibit that included black and white lithographs taken on the moon, vintage comic books, lunch boxes, and spy paraphernalia, as well as vintage photo prints of Yvonne Craig as "Batgirl," Vincent Price as "Egghead," and George Reeves as "Superman," to name a few.  There were even knitted onesies and photographs of slides of meteorites as viewed under microscopes.  It was a nice combination of stark black and white photos and eye-popping color.  So nice to be able to use the restroom facilities, as I was not looking forward to using the port o' potties at the festival!  Also nice to be able to escape the heat.  Funny that, as we're soon going to wish we still had 78 degree weather...
5	I started going here for Walk In Wednesdays with Walt Richardson as an acoustic guitarist relocating to the area. It is by far one of the most engaging open mics I have ever been to in my life! The people are wonderful and Walt's energy is infectious!! Happy souls and talented musicians. It's a great place to sit back and relax whether you play or just love music!
4	This facility is gorgeous! It's very practical, innovative, and stream lined. From entering, parking, to finding your event, it's all relatively easy here! The staff is extremely helpful and kind from ticket purchasing to finding the room of your event. I came here on a Friday night for a stand-up comedy show and the whole experience was great. There's an outside area where you can walk along the water and bridge. Also, from the room of the comedy show were tall glass floor to ceiling windows so you can see the lights and water outside, very beautiful! I loved the view from the room, especially at night.The bathrooms were very clean and beautiful. The whole facility is fantastic.
4	Headed over here to take a peek at their Pop Culture exhibit and were blown away once we walked inside. The place is really nicely done, and has great ambiance. They have regular free exhibits in their smaller gallery, which is where our Pop Culture adventure was located.The exhibit had a variety of pieces from local collectors on display and it was fun to take time and look at everything. They were nice enough to allow us to take photos of the collection and we were able to get some fun ones with a "life-size" Marvin the Martian, which was really nicely made.  The greeter and art exhibit staff members were both extremely helpful and nice both to us and to the others we saw venturing through.  They were also hosting a dance recital for little ones, so we saw some adorable little ones in fun outfits as an added bonus.  Overall: ANice layout, helpful staff, fun exhibit.  We'll have to find a show we can make it to, just so we can visit here again!
5	It's just a beautiful place along the Salt River.  Love the bridge that goes across, especially at night it's very romantic, even if we are with our children.  The place is truly lovely.  I've seen some plays with my kids here and the theater is just the right size - not huge or too small.  The acoustics are great.The water area outside of the place is very chic and I love the lines.  Whomever designed this building and the surroundings did an awesome job.My husband and I have also attended events in their meeting rooms and they are also very nice.  This really is such a gorgeous place and I love it!!!  I always feel very calm here amidst the hustle and bustle of life.
5	I came here during the summer,  with my grandsons, to enjoy some of the Art Festivals sponsored by Tempe Center for the Arts.  We enjoyed making silhouettes, clay pots, family trees, etc My daughter and I have also attended numerous music festivals here.  The accoustics are awesome and there's no such thing as a bad seat.We also enjoy walking by the lake, at night. Naturally, the bugs are plentiful so wear bug spray!  Overall this site is nice, peaceful and my place to get re-centered/energized.
5	I have been here several times and never seen a show but I love to go to the free art gallery they have. It is always something good and its FREE!. I'm sure the shows are great too. Its a very cool modern building and has second floor that looks out to the lake. Looks great at night and also has a bar open during certain times. I think they let schools come visit for free so if you are a teacher this a a cool place to have field trips. I will be going to a show sometime soon!
4	I came for the second Welcome to Nightvale performance in Phoenix, and it was soooo great. The people were nice, the place was tidy, even if the food was a bit pricey. But being a theater, you kind of expect that. I will definitely be coming here for more of my favorite performances.
5	Fantastic music venue! Always perfect sound and a calendar filled with interesting acts.
