3	Decent Chinese food, they have everything.
4	Very good food but the service is slow.
4	There is no doubt that the foods is good. The cooker is Chinese. Not like other Chinese restaurant, they are Mexican cooker. The service is slow and tea taste like unfiltered water. Week day is the best time to eat there. Otherwise, it's crowed sometimes. Not a place for take out and fast dinner, but good for a group of people having long dinner.
4	This is probably one of the better Chinese restaurants in the area. I live down the street, and given the myriad of quality Chinese places around me, this is still my choice most of the time. They've got some great authentic dishes, but still have your standard safe options for the less adventurous. They have fresh seafood and specials depending on the availability of ingredients. One thing I like about them is that the chow mein, fried rice, chow fun, and rice noodles here are priced reasonably compared to other places at around $5.50. I'm constantly surprised at how much consumers are gouged for rice or noodles that cost almost nothing. If I can buy a bag of rice for $10 and make rice for a small army, why do I get charged $8 for a small portion with some meat and veggies added. Thank you Tao Garden for not trying to screw us over. In any case, the food here really is great and as authentic as you would want. I recommend the salt and pepper pork chop, the beef stew(not for the faint of heart beef eaters, i.e. tripe and tendon), singapore rice noodles, kung pao chicken, and curry chicken. As I've said before, don't go to a Chinese restaurant expecting good service. You'll be disappointed almost anytime. Look for great food, and let the food speak for itself.
4	It's become quite apparent that GREAT Chinese food is hard to find in Arizona... well... we've pretty much found it. This is one of two places we go and it's always been excellent. They have a huge menu and dinner specials for 2 or 4. The service is quick and the hot tea is quite tasty =)
3	I would give this place 4 stars as it is among the best in the valley.  Not saying much though as their are way too many mediocre chinese joints in the valley. Since there is no Wanton Soup (huh?) I also had to take it down a notch.  The good parts are the Service is very good and for lunch it is very affordable.  Had the Chicken with spicy garlic sauce for $4.95 lunch special.  Huge plate.  Great Meal. Would go again.
3	Dined here last Friday night.  I know this is considered one of the better Chinese restaurants, but I am struggling w/ a 2 vs 3 star rating.The eggrolls, pot stickers were good.  Pot stickers are actually quite stuffed.I got one of the chow mein dishes w/ the noodles done Hong Kong style, fried.  The dish itself was fine, but the noodles were weird.  Part of them looked like they had not been put in oil and fried adequately...they were dried and stiff.  I pulled that bit out onto my extra plate.  The daugher liked her Kung Pao chicken.  Hubbie's shrimp dish was good too, but the broccoli ringing the dish could have been cooked just a little bit longer...it was pretty much raw.Table was a little sticky. Ultimately, I felt I could go to another chinese restaurant and have a similar meal, maybe Tao would be slightly better?  Or Tao is slightly worse?  I can't get past those noodles.  Yuck.I think ultimately if I'm in the mood for Asian, I'm not gonna go the Chinese route.  Go to asian for me right now is Anise.
4	My pops is from Canton, China & this is the place he wanted to go for his birthday.  So that's saying something. It's definitely good. Since migrating from China Doll when I was a little kid (30 something years ago), we've been all over. Did a long stint at C-Fu but now it's Tao Garden and China King for us.We've had stellar meals in the past here and our most recent was good but not mind blowing. Still solid though.  Seems like a lot of places have fallen off recently which is a major bummer. Seafood tofu soup was great. Peking duck was good but just felt a bit clumsy (super thick pancakes, chunks of duck - made me pine for San Fran or even LA). Chinese fried chicken was good as always. Steamed fish was nice. Empty heart ? (some type of veg) was good. Beef chow fun was tasty but light on the beef. And beef & green beans w/XO sauce was good.Service was uneven as usual but it's a Chinese restaurant so I expect such.With some of the other stellar food we've eaten recently, I just wish we had a Phoenix Chinese spot that was fanatically committed to excellence as some of our other local faves are.
1	We decided to try this place because of the good rating overall on yelp.  When we went in, we realized that we probably should have kept looking for another restaurant.  When you don't see any Asians in a Chinese restaurant on Saturday night, it gives you a pretty good idea as to what kinda food they serve.  Don't get me wrong though. We usually do like Americanized Chinese food.  But this place is not for us.*Appetizer = mu shu pork with tortilla....the mu shu looked like pile of vegetable and meat scraps*Main dishes = oily.....too sweet....not a fan*Atmosphere = full of kids
3	OK 3 stars a little deceptive, but being my first time there and only trying 2 dishes, I'll upgrade later. My wife has eaten here before with here sister and brother-in-law so she suggested it and I went for it!! I love good chinese and I have HIGH standards for what I think is good or not so good.. See my review of China (Mining Camp) in San Diego.. Or Kafe Yen also in SD..  We ordered the BBQ Pork slices.. Very good, not too sweet, just right on the flavor, a little more fat than I'd like to see!She ordered the General Chicken with a mildly spicy yet sweet sauce and had green peppers in it. And hot peppers..I ordered Mongolian Beef (non spicy).. The beef was very tender and very thin slices. I liked the fact that the onions weren't too soft, kinda crunchy. The only draw back was it appeared to be smoky from the kitchen maybe, clearly not cigarette smoke!! Also the coke on tap is flat. Don't know if its like this always, but just my experience, or maybe they serve pepsi which is flat even fresh from a can!I will go back and try some other dishes.. Oh about the post about not seeing asians in a chinese restaurant, which I do agree with.. Chinese places tell the story all their own when it comes down to the food quality!! Well it was only Wed. but there were 5 non asian groups and 5 asian groups eating there tonight May 13th, 09!!
4	Ok after careful deliberation I am a fan of Tao's.. I like their Beef & Chinese Broccoli.. But my favorite is the Mongolian Beef and their BBQ Pork slices..
4	I ate here a few years ago and did not care for the food at all. So many folks who know Chinese food raved about it we went back the other day. My opinion of the place soared. We had a shrimp vermicelli dish in a clay pot that was fantastic. The mixed veg was just ordinary. The service was fine and the atmosphere vintage Oriental.
4	We've eaten here or gotten take out many times from here and I felt it was time to put my two cents in.  It is by far the best Chinese restaurant in Chandler area.  The food is very authentic and the menu huge.  Almost everything that we have tried is awesome.  Stray away from the Americanized dishes d try the unfamiliar like the dry sauteed green beans and stir fried snow pea shoots.  You won't be sorry. (unless you like the Panda- then you will not like it)
2	Tried this place for lunch today after reading that the lunch specials are large and cheap.  The woman that greeted us was rude, the decor was fine, actually kind of nice for a Chinese place.  It looks like a TGIF, where all the crap was taken off the walls and replaced with Chinese lanterns and dragons.  I had the spicy garlic shrimp.  It wasn't spicy, it was sweet, the flavor was decent, but there were only FOUR shrimp!  Not even four big ones, four little guys.  The plate was almost entirely onions and peppers.  The crab Rangoon was good, and the eggroll was good.  The fried rice was just plain rice with some egg in it.  My wife tried the Eggplant rice plate which was pretty good.  I'm not planning on going back.
4	Really more like 3.5 stars... Here's why - All the food here is very good and very authentic and a good quantity for the price. The service has been bad 75% of the time I have been there/ The service and the bad decor is why it did not get a better rating.
2	Returned to Tao Garden for the first time in a while. I was so bummed.This used to be our go to Chinese dinner spot. As I mentioned my dad is from Canton, China & good Chinese food is an important thing in our world.Was just underwhelmed on so many levels. We had a series of dishes (Chinese fried chicken, roast duck, salt & pepper pork, tofu/bak choy dish, greens, veggie chow fun, beef chow fun, seafood soup). Didn't think anything was stellar and so many of the dishes paled in comparison to previous experiences.  I'm a big fan of chow fun. Just didn't really make an impression. We've also had great fried chicken & roast duck here in the past but they weren't executed well. Could just be a bad night but didn't feel like it. Not sure that we will be racing back soon. : (
1	My family and I went. It smelled like pee. We waited 10 minutes for water. then decided to leave since the waiter kept walking by telling us just a minute. I'll never go there again.
4	Went yesterday with my wife and daughter for a big lunch.  When we go for a big lunch, we normally order a lot and pig-out so that we don't have to make dinner that night.Been a fan of Tao Garden for a long, long time --- maybe 10+ years.  Go to sit down and eat, and we get take-out a lot.  Generally speaking, we are not disappointed.  We know what is good on their menu and what is not-so-good.  So we stick to what we like.Yesterday was no exception, we ordered a lot and everything was good.  The service was good and we talked with the husband/wife owners again.  They are also nice and their lead waitress is an old-timer who is friendly and knowledgeable.  She speaks English well, but know Chinese and all the Chinese dishes well.We order two noodles (my wife and daughter like noodles).  We had gong lo mein with extra beansprouts and chicken and gailan (Chinese Brocolli-Hong Kong style).  We also had steamed chicken with spicy oil and chili dipping sauce, deep friend stuffed tofu, Chinese beef stew with beef tendons.  All very, very good.Perhaps not the very best Cantonese food we have had, but still very good, especially for the Phoenix area where the restaurants have to cater to the clientele's tastes and likes.  I really don't understand why other people don't go here more often.  Maybe the Chinese buffets, even with pretty crappy food, still draw the crowds due to the cheap prices.
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat when I come to Phoenix.  I get weary of reading reviews taking shots at restaurants for not serving "real Chinese food."  The standard is going to be different wherever anybody goes.  Chinese food here is not going to be the same in California and California Chinese food will not be the same as in any of the many cities in China.  They are all different among the various regions of that country as well.  I am a Chinese-American and my parents are from China.  We all enjoy Tao Garden.The Peking Duck, Ma Po Tofu and Short Ribs in Black Pepper Sauce are my favorites.  The service is good, although it could be improved.  I've seen the waiters walk away before customers are finished with instructions for their orders several times there.  The restroom does smell bad as somebody else pointed out.  I think it's due to the floor drain in the middle of the restroom.Sure, they could improve somethings but I go there for one reason and that is to enjoy a good meal.  I've never had a bad meal at this place and have always thoroughly enjoyed my Peking duck.
5	It's hard to find authentic Chinese food but this is close enough. Their seafood soup was good and the salt and pepper shrimp is awesome. Their beef chow fun is legit. I'm not a fan of AZ Chinese food but it sure beats a 400 mile drive to California.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants. I've been here with my friends a few times and I've never been disappointed. I would recommend trying their seafood soup and beef chow fun.
5	I love the family meal here. Good deal 30 dollar 5 entrees
3	This place has good food, it lost stars 1 for price and 2 because one of the ladies waiting on us knew no English....and pushed water on us (not physically) instead of just taking our order for drinks
5	my parents think this is the best chinese restaurant in town.  i'll give them that for the roast duck, which we order every single time.  clientele is mostly chinese, so read from that what you will. portions are big and good service.
3	An update: We went for lunch again last week. The food is still pretty good and so are the prices. Not the best Cantonese food we have ever had, but pretty good, especially for the Phoenix area. But I have one gripe -- one of the part-owners, the husband of the husband and wife team that run the front of the restaurant came over to chat with us. While that is probably a good thing, the problem was that he stayed hovering our table for the entire freaking meal and talking nonsense about all kinds of B. S. How irritating is that? Next
5	By far the best Cantonese food I've had since we moved from NY. Good spare ribs, great service and family owned. Everyone should make an extra effort to come to this awesome place!
4	Since moving to Gilbert, we have tried so many take-out places and couldn't find a good one.  We had even started  trying buffets in the area.  We gave up in Gilbert and started looking in Chandler.  Our second try in Chandler was Tao Garden, and we felt like we hit a goldmine.  We finally found a place where everything is good.  Pros:  Affordable and pretty good quality.  Cons:  We did have a very long wait for carry-out, but well worth it.  It is a sit down restaurant, and they were very busy.
4	We love this place! Good food every time we go. Nice, attentive servers. The egg flower soup is awesome, as is the bbq pork fried rice. We always get soup, rice, and 2 entree plates and leave with leftovers. Yum!
4	Tao Garden had excellent service, it's great for a group, and I had no complaints about the food.When I had last visited, there weren't very busy. It was a Sunday afternoon. We had ordered fried tofu, Mongolian beef, some kind of garlic chicken, fried rice, eggplant, and some other dishes. Each dish was very flavorful, and also presented well.Also, if you bring a large group there, and split the cost, you will get a lot of food for your  money. I believe that we had about 11 people, and possibly about 11 dishes.
5	I just moved to Chandler and was happy to see the many asian restaurant choices in the area :)  I guess being in the vicinity of Le Le's market is a good thing.  I've ordered take out from this place twice in the last week....LOVE their food!  It reminds me of SF style...more unusual menu options (plus the regulars) with a ton of flavor and spice.  I would definitely reorder everything including:Shredded Pork w/ Garlic Sauce (delicious)Black Pepper Chicken w/ Scallions (fabulous)Black Pepper Beef Chow Mein (spicy!)Beef Chow Fun w/ Black Bean Sauce (big portion)Egg Rolls (perfectly crisp)This will definitely be a regular spot.....the prices are extremely moderate with two entrees and four egg rolls at less than $20 :)***Update - I just increased this place to five stars as I absolutely LOVED what I ordered tonight***Deep Fried Tofu Stuffed w/ Pork & Shrimp - a very unusual dish which I don't recall ever seeing on a chinese menu...FABULOUS!Chicken Chow Mein - Perfect!  One of the best I've ever had...perfectly seasoned, not too greasy, delicious chunks of chicken breast, scallions, onions and cabbage.  Even their white rice is amazing...delicious, light & fluffy :)
4	Everything I have ordered here has been delicious. Lunch specials come with soup, an egg roll, crab puff, main dish, and rice.. all for around 5 bucks! The owner cracks me up every time I visit too. Try the Garlic Chicken-
5	I've ate here three times in the past two weeks for lunch and have to say I LOVE the food.  Excellent service, reasonably priced full meal lunch specials with soup, crab puff, spring roll, rice and main course for under $5 (even the Shrimp dishes are under $6)I'm going to check out the dinner there soon.  I loved their Hot & Sour Soup and would recommend any of the Prawn lunch specials or the Cashew Chicken.For your local neighborhood Chinese sit down meal, you just can't beat it for the quality, price and service.  At least that has been my two friends and my experience over multiple occasions.  My friend who lives in the neighborhood has ate here many times and recommended it to us.  Thanks, Ian!
5	A restaurant only needs one 5 star dish to get five stars (IMHO)- and at Tao Garden that dish is the Peking Duck with steamed buns, made to order. Hoisin sauce and green onions and crispy duck fat-- what could be better?
4	Peking duck was crispy and delicious! It was served with soft, warm buns, hoisin sauce and fine green onion threads, only thing missing was the cucumbers.  Also wished they had the option of having it served 2 or 3 ways (ie. Soup and stir fried noodles)
2	Sorry, I had to subtract because I came in here for lunch with a coworker.. we ordered at the same time.. his meal came out quickly.. mine did not. My plate came out about 10 minutes after his.Yesterday, I brought my roommate in for dinner. Again! his meal came out first, and mine was late! Only 5 minutes this time.. but still. Neither of our meals were anything special. I had the roasted duck. Menu say half duck.. I got part of a thigh, and more bones than meat on my plate. My buddy got a seared lamb dish which he said just did not taste good. Step Your Game Up Tao Garden.. I will be back to check on you for lunch someday-
4	The staff here is always friendly.  They're always on the ball with the drink refills.You'll get good food for inexpensive prices here.  I've eaten here and ordered off of the lunch menu and dinner menu.  I really haven't had a bad meal at Tao Garden.We've gone here a few times and had dinner for about 18 people and only spent $140, including tip.  You can't beat that.
5	Good Food. Good Prices.We can't go too long without ordering from Tao Garden. They have authentic Chinese food that we like.They recently raised their prices, but still are quite reasonable.Here are a list of the must have in no particular order:Steamed Chicken w/ Ginger & ScallionsMongolian BeefPeking Pork Chop (similar to Sweet & Sour Pork)Pork Chop w/ Salty PepperSeafood & Sizzling RiceSauteed Beef & Bitter Melon (a little bitter tast)Deep Fried Chicken FiletSteamed Fish
3	The appetizers here are very good - both the crab puffs and the potstickers were solid.  The entrees are less so - the garlic chicken was okay but not great, the moo shu was meh. Huge chunks of veggies in the moo shu made it hard to eat, actually.  I also had the sizzling rice soup, which was pretty good though the broth could use a little more richness.
4	I ordered from here for the first time. I went in to look at the menu and place my take-out order. The staff was very friendly but you could tell they were overwhelmed by how busy they were. I placed my order and was told that the kitchen was backed up and that it would take about 40 mins for my order. I was ok with waiting,as it gave me an opportunity to go get my hair cut and come back. When I got back to the restaurant 40 mins later, it was like all hell broke loose. The people were running around like chickens with their heads cut off. There were customers in the dining room that looked just as hungry as they did when they I seen them 40 minutes ago and they still didn't have any food on the table. There were other takeout customers that called in and didn't seem happy that their orders were not ready. I knew that my order was probably also not ready and sure enough it wasn't.  The owner was in the dining room having dinner. He was a really nice guy and funny too. He went into the kitchen to check out what was going on and quickly came back out saying, "it's all f$@ked up in there." I could only chuckle but I started to question if I made mistake ordering from here and began to worry that the food would not be good. 15 minutes later, my food was finally ready. I ordered general Tso chicken, Singapore rice noodle and egg rolls. They did mess up the Singapore rice noodles and gave me Singapore Chow mein but I didn't want to wait another hour for them to get it right, so I told them it was ok. I got my order an hour after i originally placed it. As I was walking out, I spoke with the owner. He said that he had surgery, so he can't help, he also said the best thing to do is call the order in and add 10 mins to the time they say it will be ready. I got home, again uncertain that the food would be good. To my surprise, the food was amazing. The best Chinese food I've found since moving to Arizona a few months ago. I'm giving this place a good rating, hoping that this was just a bad night for service; however, if it's business as usual, I'll take the owners advice and call ahead and add 10 mins to the pick up time. The food was worth the wait!
5	Amazing customer service.  I got the teriyaki chicken w/rice lunch special.  They had it ready for me to pickup in 15 minutes.  It was great and high quality.  I'll definitely be returning.
4	I drove yesterday to a particular Chinese restaurant to have lunch since I was super hungry due to fasting for over 24 hours.  When I got there, I discovered I forgot my wallet and had to drive back to my office to get it.  Now I was really hungry so I went to Tao Garden which is half a mile down the street from me.Since I was super hungry, I actually ordered two lunches.  One was a big order of char siu chow funn (dry) with extra bean sprouts.  The other lunch was one of their lunch specials - beef bitter melon over rice (rice plate).  Both were excellent.  I think they had the sliced bitter melon soaking in a baking soda solution, since it was very bright green even after cooking and the portion of beef was pretty good too.  Both dishes were consumed in total by me -- albeit it was a little struggle, but I did finish both of my lunches.  Still pretty good Cantonese food for the price.
4	Food is excellent there.  I LOVE the beef chow fun.  One of the best in town.  Staffs are friendly and quite speedy when place an order.  Sometime I bring friends and families there for lunch or dinner.  I would recommend this place to Chinese Food lover.
4	This place is awesome. Great FRESH food without any MSG. Good prices and great service I will Definitely be going back
3	I decided to try out this place for dinner. I ordered the Peking style roasted duck and beef chow fun. Both dishes were good but the only thing I need to gripe about is the Peking duck or more like the lack of Peking duck. They only brought out the skin of the duck and there was no duck meat. The dish that we got only consist of the buns, duck skin, scallions and sauce. What??! At other restaurants like Hong Kong Gourmet on Dobson they give you the skin and the meat. I asked the waitress and she said that's all it comes with. Needless to say this dish will not be receiving another review next time. Also the food took at least 45 minutes to come to our table, and I notice it was like that at the other tables as well. I'm not sure if I will be giving it a second chance next time around.
2	The food may not be bad but there's a guy with such a foul mouth there, which does not make it a kid friendly place.  That same guy was so rude to my kids; he even mumbled I don't like kids.  Our kids were not loud nor did they misbehave.  Now I remember why we did not patron this place for several years.
5	All the food is amazing ! Our faves were chicken chow mein and spare ribs with black bean sauce !! Everything is delicious !!
4	We love getting take-out from this gem, occasionally eat there. When we go there, the service is very attentive and quick.  The food never disappoints dine-in or take-out.  We have tried many items there, mostly vegetarian. Our favorites are sweet and sour fish, thai fried rice, eggplant in garlic sauce, and the sauce is amazing, if a little greasy, broccoli in garlic sauce. They give large take out orders on crates so its easy to care out and reduces spillage.  also to be mentioned are the cheap cocktail and beer prices. cant wait to go again soon.
3	I've been coming here for years.  It's always a treat to stop by Tao Garden for dinner.  The decor is that of all Chinese restaurants so don't expect to be wow'd.  While my family normally gets the "set" dinners but if I stop in with friends, we normally just choose a few items from the menu.  Some of my favorites are the walnut shrimp, the crab with ginger and onion, Peking pork chops, and the Peking duck [ although be warned, they only give you the skin with the buns and scallions --- no meat :( ].The service here is pretty decent.  Some nights are better than others but I attribute it to how busy it can get during the dinner rush.  The waitresses are always nice and and attentive regardless of how busy it can get.  While their actual social skills do favor the Chinese, they're always polite.
5	Every year it is tradition in my family to go out to delicious Chinese food on Christmas Eve. A few years back our place of choice, "The Shangra-La" closed down. Since then we have been having a hard time finding a true replacement. Well...Let me tell you, we found a replacement. Tao Garden is the new spot. The food was absolutely delicious, every single dish. Hands down the best Chinese food we've had in years. If you're looking for a new, relatively inexpensive Chinese restaurant in Chandler, this is the place.Only one negative: they failed to refill our drinks too much, but it was not a big deal compared to the deliciousness of the food. We will be going here for years to come.
4	I'm a Chinese, American born, but I know real Chinese food because of my parents and grandparents who immigrated here and was able to grow their kids up on the real stuff.Tao's food is great and for my Cantonese family we love the food here, which we give it a 5 star.  Now, does this compete well enough with the restaurants in San Francisco or Los Angeles, well, not quite, but it's as good as it gets here in the East Valley and it's reasonably priced, too, compared to the other Chinese Chinese restaurants. And, no I do not consider Panda Express, Pei Wei, PF Chang's or the like real Chinese.  So, for Chinese taste buds, Tao is good and where you see where there are mainly Chinese people frequenting the place, it really caters towards the Chinese taste buds, rather than Americans.Everything we get there is pretty good, which we get things like Honey Walnut Shrimp, various clay pots, pot stickers, Beef & Broccoli, steamed fish, Beijing Spare Ribs, Beef Chow Fun and then other dishes which I don't know the English names for (sorry).However, the male owner of Tao sucks BIG TIME.  He is the rudest and most impolite owner I have ever met.  Whenever we come in and he's there, he is just an awful man and I don't know how his wife puts up with him.  I don't know if he's like that to all people or just to my family and I, but if there was another Cantonese restaurant nearby that served food just as well and the owners are good people, we'd stop going Tao ONLY because of how he treats us.But, Tao has been in business for quite awhile and they have a good following.  It is the Chinese restaurant that my family and I go to the most often.  The owner has cussed at us before, using profanity and for no good reason.  Like, the last time, we asked where we can sit.  He yells at us and curses us.  Seriously, is that a way to treat paying customers who order a lot?  When my stepdad died, we held the luncheon there and spent a lot of money providing lunch to all our guests.  I cannot tell you how much money we've spent there over the years, but it's a lot.  And when I say my family, it means my siblings and their families, my parents and other friends.  The male owner can be overhead by other customers on the phone to other people and just being rude to them, too.  He really could use a slap in the face of how poorly he treats other people.  His wife, however, is a very nice woman, and so are the other staff.  Too bad they have to put up with his abusive behavior.
3	I give this place 3.5. Definitely not as good as chinese food in CA.Me and my friends came here yesterday for a Chinese New Year dinner at around 6pm. It was quite busy already, which was expected since it was CNY. However, they were still able to sit us down right when we got in. I was really excited because when you see so many Chinese/ Asians there, you know this place is pretty decent and non-Americanized. We ordered:Wor Wonton Soup- it was good soup, but the meat in the Wontons didn't taste that freshChinese broccoli with hoisin sauce- Very good. Didn't overcook it, but this is something kinda hard to mess up.Peking duck- AMAZING. The flavor of the duck was very good and the skin was crispy. Loved the shrimp chips at the bottom. The bread was good. It was hot and fresh. Also, it wasn't too sticky either. It had a nice texture. (FYI: don't expect to get a whole duck as the point of this dish is to put the crispy duck skin in the bread)Salted pepper fried fish- This dish wasn't as good as I expected. When I ate it, the fish was only lukewarm. The flavor was pretty good though.Seafood and fried tofu hot pot- It had nice flavor and a lot of seafood and tofu. It would have been nice to have more vegetables though.Peking Pork Chop: The sauce had a good flavor, but again the meat tasted old, not fresh, and lukewarm. Overall, the best tasting dishes were the chinese broccoli and the peking duck. The service was slightly slow, but I gave them some slack because it was CNY and there were only 3 people working. I would have given this a 3, but since this was CNY and this is AZ, I lowered my standards a little and give them a 3.5.
5	Love this place!  Best Chinese food in the area! I work in the area and love this place for lunch. They have great meal specials during the lunch hours and their food is made fresh and tastes great! They even make their crab puffs in house fresh!! A must try!! The owner is in often and very nice. This family owned restaurant is a hidden gem in Chandler!
2	not a fan. Ordered the lunch special and it was barely eatable.  I would've sent it back but I was being nice. Won't be back.
5	I went in because my usual place was closed and was pleasantly surprised. It was very clean and comfortable. I ordered the Wu Shi spareribs and was very happy with my  meal. This place is authentic all the way, no tattoed waiters with long hair and pimples here. Needless to say, this is my new usual place whenever I crave Chinese food.
1	This place is a joke. I ordered eggplant and chicken but had to pay an up charge of a $1 for the chicken. I get it back to my office just to have 7 small minced pieces of chicken in my dish! I wish I had taken a picture because it was unbelievable. I returned to the restaurant to show them and the lady at the register understand my frustration but the owner was yelling at me like a red headed step child. She said "what do you expect for a dollar?!?!? I said CHICKEN! I told her I would've gladly paid more money for chicken but at least inform your customers a $1 doesn't get you chicken but literally a piece of chicken. All I wanted was chicken in my dish, is that too much to ask for?!??? The owner kept yelling at me with her mouth full, disgusting!
4	Kung Pao, Teriyaki Chicken with veggies included in the dish, veggies (green beans) in garlic sauce. Sooooo yummy. Free hot tea, unlike so many other Chinese places nowadays, too. Reasonable prices on the food, also.AND they don't forget the forks, like some other places who I guess expect us gringos and mexicanos to know how to eat with chopsticks.One negative. We are so glad they have sizzling rice soup, but it's seafood only; no chicken. My hubs doesn't like their version because he says the liquid has no flavor.But, seriously.  Get the green beans in garlic sauce to share. So darn yummy.
4	3.75 STARS*My family always seems to stop by this little restaurant every time we drive through Phoenix. This place used to be extremely busy but the last couple times it's been kind of slow :( On a positive note, the servers are more attentive and they seem to be paying attention to small details that were once overlooked. The food here is consistently good, not California Chinese restaurant amazing but still pretty delicious. It reminds me of something my parents would make at home. Portion sizes vary from visit to visit, however it still within reason for their cheap prices.   Overall, I've had numerous good experiences with food and service at this restaurant and will continue to come here.
