5	This place is such a hidden gem that I had forgotten all about it after going multiple times 4 years ago!!  Then I was in the Charlotte Plaza building recently for an interview and on my way out got smacked in the face by the smell of freshly baked treats.  I had no choice but to check it out.  I was greeted warmly and was told they use the smell as a siren song to get people in!  I decided to try a few things, a lemon cupcake, a yellow cupcake, a lemon bar and a giant chocolate and peanut butter cupcake that replaces the cake slices they used to have.  The cupcakes were all incredibly moist and the icing not too sweet.  The giant cupcake was perfect for sharing and my sister loved it too.  I saved the lemon bar for another day and it was awesome too.  The prices were great, I think cupcakes start at $1.50 and go up from there.  The staff was incredibly helpful and nice.  I love this place and if I get a job uptown again I will have to be very careful to not overdo it here!!
2	I have to agree to Gale on the vegan cupcakes. I ordered a dozen for my girlfriend for Valentines Day. I ordered four carrot cake, four strawberry/vanilla marble, and four lemon. We were both unimpressed, probably because she makes amazing vegan cupcakes herself. We thought they were to firm, small and bland. The lemon ones actually had no lemon flavor, part of me thinks they were just vanilla. The service at Cloud 9 was impeccable though, which is why I will return to try something with dairy in it.
1	Given this place two tries and every time I ordered something different but it all tasted the same... No flavor. Cupcakes are dry and flavorless and the cookies were so hard and bland that I threw the remaining ones out. Never going here for dessert again.
1	A: Dry and flavorlessQ: What are Cloud 9 Confections baked goods?
3	Food was decentGot a big cookie and a cream cheese BrowneMeh:)
3	We recently attended an event that featured cupcakes from Cloud 9. They had 3 flavors - 2 of them I don't remember and one was the Pineapple Rum.  The cupcakes were ok but not anything that I would go out of my way for. They were prepared the day before the event, so maybe they would have tasted better if eaten the same day that they were baked.
5	These were the best cupcakes we have ever had period! Friendliest service and cupcakes to die for. next time we are in Charlotte we will be back. I would almost drive the two hours away that we live just to eat these cupcakes. Awesome!
4	Bakery! 7th Street Market would not be complete without a dessert-laden bakery and Cloud 9 has come to the rescue.Others have had hit-or-miss experiences, but my recent visit to C9 was definitely a hit. I had a brownie and A had a piece of pumpkin pie-bar-thing. My brownie had just the right touch of sweet without becoming sticky. A seemed to enjoy his pumpkin bar - it looked and smelled fantastic, and didn't last long.Now, I know some people are very picky about their cut of cake, brownie, or pie. I loved that the lady helping us asked if we preferred a corner piece or a middle piece. She could have just as easily grabbed the closest slice.The only problem I see is that they are right between Pure and Fran's. I'll have to park at Duke Energy to walk off all the calories from each visit.
5	Who could walk away without getting one of cloud 9's most spectacular cupcakes.... Not I . Stop by and support a local business and get one of the most delectable treats .
4	Great cupcakes! Had the Boston Cream Pie. Not crazy sweet like some cupcakes where you can't even finish the entire thing. Perfect sweetness! Can't wait to try another one. :)
4	Peanut butter Blondie was a win!!! This place could definitely use a face lift but the product was incredible so I can't complain. I'll be back ;)
5	I ordered a small cake for our wedding from Cloud 9.  Erica was very easy to work with, and even though we only corresponded through emails, the cake was exactly what I wanted!  I emailed her copies of our invitations to show her the Charlotte skyline we wanted and the colors, both of which she got exactly right.  It looked amazing!  The cake was white chocolate flavored, and delicious!  We got numerous compliments from our guests on how pretty it was and how good it tasted.  We will definitely use them again for our own events and recommend them to our friends.
4	I wouldn't classify myself as a sweet tooth maniac but when I have a hankering for something sweet it normally turns into a four alarm fire kind of distress.  Thank goodness for Cloud 9 in those situations.  The only downside to this place is there's just too many good things to choose from and I want it ALL.  Located inside the 7th Street Public Market you'll find them among some other great vendors.  Although they do have ready to go cupcakes and brownies you can also order cakes.  While there on a recent visit they were making a Dr. Suess cake that looked awesome.  There is some real baking talent at this place!
5	Their gluten-free cupcakes are good and moist, but I didn't like the regular frosting. I will try the cream cheese frosting next time and will probably get it from now on. I wouldn't get the reg frosting again, but I'll be back! Note you have to park in a deck since this is uptown at the 7th Street Market or whatever. Not sure if they validate parking. I was just picking up, though, and parked on the curb and ran inside quickly, I had called ahead to order and they said that'd be fine. They also put the cupcakes in a box (and offered sprinkles), so they don't get smushed!
1	I was very excited to have a bakery in my new favorite spot, the 7th Street Market. Everyone needs a little sugar after a meal, so I love that you can pick up something to pick up something up along with your fish, meat, sushi or pizza. However, unfortunately, I've tried a couple times and unfortunately time after time I've been disappointed.Of course I had to try the cupcakes for my cupcake list, so I tried a couple cupcakes for my husband's birthday and picked up a salted caramel and Reese's cupcake (hubs' favorite).  I thought you couldn't miss with either flavor. Let's start with the positives- they were great looking, I liked the ez-peelaway wrapper for easy cutting and that the frosting wasn't too heavy. But the what ruined it for me was that the cake was really over baked and ultra dry, and even if you had frosting with each bite, the frosting was so light it didn't compensate.  Also the Reese's had a liquid "peanut butter" filling instead of an actual PB ganache. As a result I much prefer my own pb cupcake.  After we ate them, we just felt empty and unsatisfied and the birthday boy wanted another dessert. Major fail.In all fairness when I spoke with the employee and asked what the best thing was, she said she was a cookie/brownie person more than cupcake, so I thought maybe that's their specialty and I should give them another shot.  I have since bought 3 cookies- peanut butter, sugar and oatmeal raisin. In each case, the cookies again fell short and had a weird consistency. Perhaps they're made with GF flour and they just don't say it?? The taste was a little off too (for example the PB one didn't have a rich PB flavor and the sugar tasted a little like chemicals). Even with 4 people in the office, the cookies were only half eaten (only the oatmeal raisin one was eaten fully) and we threw out the rest.  I hope they work out the kinks and consider new recipes.
2	My visit was on a warm/humid day (6/20/13) which was felt inside of 7th St Market (my first visit to 7th St Market).  After celebrating my birthday out-of-town on the 18th and not getting any cake, I decided I deserved a cupcake to celebrate another year.  If this cupcake is any indication of what is coming for my thirty-eig... er twenty-fourth year, I am in trouble.I ordered a cherry pie cupcake and a bottle of water, which was $4.60.  Less than I expected it to be, so yay.  The person who waited on me was very friendly and helpful asking if I would need a fork, bag to go, etc. (yay #2).  That would be the end of my excitement.The cupcake was pretty (I have added a photo) and appeared to have just the right amount of icing, with a dab of cherry pie filling on top.  The icing was creamy - almost like marshmallow fluff and quite tasty, not overly sweet.  The cupcake was warm  - it was in a pastry case, which I am guessing isn't refrigerated, so the cupcake was room temp, which was probably around 80 degrees - yuck.  And dry and crumbly.  As soon as I cut into it with the plastic fork (so I didn't get icing all over my face), it disintegrated into yellow cake crumbs.  The dab of pie filling inside of the cupcake was... just not good.  Overall, this cupcake got a resounding bleh.  One star for the friendly help and a local business, one star for the icing - and that is being generous.
5	The Tuxedo brownie is AH-mazing. And the girl who helped me suggested it, super helpful. This was my first time there but everything looked incredible. Salt and caramel cupcake next time!
5	I love Cloud 9 Confections. I have not tried a cupcake that I did not love from their bakery! All of the employees are so sweet! Sometimes I take a walk over there at lunch for a delicious treat. My favorite so far is the red velvet cupcake and the cookies & Cream oh what the heck and the chocolate cupcake with vanilla icing and sprinkles. They make custom cakes as well. I will definitely be back soon!
2	Who doesn't love a good cupcake? The price is comparable to other locations in the south at $2.50 (they're $3 in Maryland and $4 or $5 in DC and NYC). I had the raspberry and an almond. I was disappointed with both for the same reason, the frosting. They both were topped with a butter cream. The raspberry frosting was broken (no longer smooth) and on the almond I swear I could taste the granules of sugar. I've honestly had better from the grocery store bakery. The raspberry cake was filled like a donut which I don't like and was not informed of at purchase. It also had a wet texture, not moist but literally wet. The almond cake was delicious, however, and perfectly moist. But again filled with the butter cream frosting. My sister got mini cupcakes that she really loved: red velvet and carrot cake. I also purchased cookies, a chocolate chip and salted caramel. They were both good. The salted caramel was just fantastic. So much so I'd like to replicate it at home! If you're a little picky about frosting and filling I'd stick with cookies or the mini cupcakes!
5	I can understand why this place is called Cloud 9 because that's how I felt while eating their cupcakes. I happened upon this store on my first ever visit to the 7th Street Market and figured I would walk the whole market and then come back. I'm glad I did! I ordered three cupcakes - a vanilla one for my mom, the vanilla sea salt caramel, and a chocolate ganache. The cupcakes themselves are a nice, light textured cake. And the icing is almost a whipped consistency and is very soft and delicate tasting. My mother actually said this is her new favorite bakery. Needless to say, I know that we will return to this market and definitely to Cloud 9!!!!
2	I loooooove cookies. So when a friend suggested the salted caramel cookie, I was game. The price was comparable to others in town under $2  It smelled and looked good, but fell short of impressing me. Plus, I had it heated. Maybe the cookie was not fresh on Saturdays. Will say the service was friendly. Oh well, doubt I will be back..sorry.
2	I've purchased baked goods from Cloud 9 a few times and have been disappointed each time. Their products range from dry and flavorless to overly sweet. Last time I practically broke my tooth on the stale cookie they gave me. I've had much better luck with the sweets from Novel Sweets and Bar Chocolate at the back of the market.
5	I had a caramel cheesecake brownie - ahhh-maaahhhh-zingggggggggg!!!  Texture and flavor was amazing!  I cant wait to go back for more!  The staff was super friendly and gave me some helpful tips for getting around Charlotte!
4	Be warned, when you ask for a large cup of ice cream 15 minutes from closing time, they might hand you a cup that's almost as big as a pint. Not sure if that's the standard deal or if they were just feeling friendly. Tasty ice cream, can't go wrong!
5	Delicious red velvet cupcake with chocolate ganache in the center- exactly what I was craving! Amazing icing and moist cake! Really nice server as well :)
4	How do I describe the sticky buns?  Ridiculous.  Ooey Gooey, cinnamony, and so fresh.  The scones are also an amazing complement to a Not Just Coffee latte also located in 7th Street Public Market.Never buy cookies or pastries from the grocery store again!
5	My company used Cloud 9 to cater its technology event with the APTA! They were amazing and the desserts were delicious! So glad we found them!
2	Most of what I've tried here has looked beautiful but I can make better tasting sweets at home.  I got a dozen cupcakes through a Groupon over a year ago, and they were so lackluster it took me a year to try this place again.  I believe the cupcakes were raspberry lemonade.  The cupcakes weren't dry, which is a plus, but the frosting was terrible. It tasted like I was eating straight Crisco/shortening. I expect buttercream frosting to taste like butter and sugar, not shortening.Since that fiasco, I have been in the Seventh Street Market several times wanting a sweet after dinner.  I've tried several cookies, including chocolate chip and peanut butter, as well as a sticky bun and a gooey bar.  The cookies were fine. Large. But nothing that blew me away. The sticky bun looked like it had a ton of potential (it had so much topping caked on the top), but the topping had very little butter/brown sugar/caramel flavor. I ended up throwing it away after two bites because I didn't want to waste the calories. On the other hand, the gooey bar was fantastic! It was thick and each layer had a different texture and flavor. It wasn't overly sweet, which I liked. I would definitely go back for this. And it was better cold.
5	My office loves the peanut butter cookies !!! They are delicious!!! Very nice staff too. We will return again and again for the cookies-- after dealing with the public all week your cookies are our well deserved treat. Thanks Cloud9.
5	Today, I brought home a pecan bar for myself and a regular ole brownie for the Mrs. and they did not disappoint.  Great desserts.  I also tried their cinnamon covered croissant cronut, because the guy in front of me in line said they were as addictive as crack.  Indeed it was: I'll probably go back and get one tomorrow.  Erica was at the register today and she was super friendly too.  Plan on becoming a regular here (get ready, waistline).
5	Yep, this is a mighty fine cupcake. I got the strawberry with vanilla frosting. The cake itself was delicious, very strawberry-y and a perfect consistency. Frosting was light and not-too-much. These cupcakes are big, honestly way bigger than anyone should reasonably eat at once. I figured I could cut it in half and eat the other half later.... But I bet you know how that turned out.  Super helpful, friendly service!
2	Had the place bookmarked a while back and was finally in the area to try it out.The lady was really friendly and helpful. I asked her what's the most popular items and she recommended the red velvet cupcake and the tuxedo brownie. So I bought both, sadly they're just not great.The red velvet cupcake is really dense. It kinda reminds me of grocery store bought cupcakes. I still ate it all,but I'm really disappointed. The tuxedo brownie is a brownie with cheesecake on top, I took a bite,it is way too sweet for my taste buds,also the texture of both the brownie and the cheesecake are too dense. I'm giving it to my husband, he eats everything lolSadly to say I will not return. Sorry.
1	I will say that I am kind of a cupcake snob , as I live downtown Chicago and am surrounded by amazing places. However, I thought that this place would be decent because of its location.   I specifically asked if they made the cupcakes in house and if they were fresh.  Cupcake places in my neighborhood are not sold unless baked fresh that same day. Now like I said, I was not expecting that, but I was told they were baked late the night before. My cupcake tasted at least two days old. There was no moistness what so ever and. It was actually hard in many sections. If I wanted two day old cupcakes, I would have just went to the grocery store and purchased an entire cartoon for the 4 dollars I paid for one disgusting red velvet cupcake.   I pay 3.25 for fresh, homemade cupcakes in downtown Chicago. Joke.
