3	California Pizza Kitchen is conveniently located in South Park Mall. It is an ideal place to rest your feet after shopping. I went in the late afternoon and had prompt service. The server was attentive, but seemed distracted by multi-tasking. I ordered the goat cheese and rosted red pepper pizza. It was very flavorful! My husband ordered the Mediterranean salad and it was good too. I tend to enjoy non-chain restaurants more than chains, but California Pizza Kitchen did the trick. Like I mentioned before, it's a great way to rest and eat after walking around the mall.
2	Okay, Yes, I'm another teenager who hangs out at Southpark Mall, BUT I actually buy stuff and do more than crawl around Abercrombie looking trendy. I ate here 2 days ago with a friend of mine and I was shocked at the prices. Now I understand, Southpark is for the premium crowd, but its a bit insane to charge 15 bucks for a pasta dish. My friend and I ended up ordering children's pizzas (6 bucks for 4 microscopic pieces of mediocre pizza, yay) and the service was very average, and continued to get worse with the less money we spent. Yes, I am a teenager, but my money counts also and I am their future customer....well actually, no, I will never be a future customer at California Pizza Kitchen.
4	CPK is definitely one of those places I don't go often, but I have never had a bad meal here so I would never hesitate to stop in.  Some times I find myself craving a bowl of the tortilla soup, its really good.  My favorite pizza here is the cheeseburger with avocado on top.  Everything on this pizza just works great together and its a nice alternative to my usual fave of getting NY style pizza in Charlotte.  I could name a bunch of other pizzas that I am a fan of, but there are too many to list.  Oh and the hummus appetizer is also really great served with plenty of warm toasted pita points!
3	File this under another safe place I can meet my parents for lunch.  Their pizzas are decent, and pizza is generally a pretty good choice for vegetarians since there's lots of variety.  In addition, they have a Thai crunch salad that I've enjoyed, along with a host of vegetarian soups (seriously, if you can't at least make your soups vegetarian, what hope is there?)...I find the menu a bit overpriced, and I doubt I would ever come here on my own; however, I'm always happy to find another restaurant that serves more for me than just a Caesar salad, hold the chicken.
2	went here today for lunch. i love California pizza but for some reason i was not feeling it today. not only was the service was bad but they also sat me in a bad place (too small table)  and to top it off now my stomach hurts:/
5	Mariana rocked our weekend. We ordered something that was not per our expectations so she took it off for us without a hint to us. She knows customer service and front line associate power. This is one well managed crew!
1	I hate to write a negative review. I hate to be negative period. But this place was really really disappointing. CPK used to be my favorite restaurant in Cali. I would always go there and order the same thing Tortilla soup and the greek pizza. Once in a while, when I felt adventurous, I would try something new. However, this place was not the same. The tortilla soup was probably the only good thing I had. The greek pizza was ok and the hawaiian pizza was so bad that I could not believe it was even on the menu. It was dry and looked unappealing. Dominos makes a better hawaiian! Gosh that was harsh but I was really disappointed. The service was not that great either. Our waitress was not very attentive and we had to ask her several times for things since she would forget. When ordering beer she had no idea which beer was which to her credit she was under 21 but she didn't even offer to check. It was just an overall bad experience. Maybe it was a bad day for CPK but I doubt I will return. Too disappointing.
2	Whatever the reason, I have typically avoided CPK whenever I see them (almost exclusively in airports).  There is just zero appeal.  But while waiting for some glasses down the way, we needed to decide on something, and other food court fare had even less appeal, so off we went.The day was a decent one, so we opted to sit on the patio.  Not a good choice.  Apparently they did not have much say in the design of the patio, as it looks like something pulled directly from a Dr. Seuss book - all sorts of crazy angles.  I am really amazed that everything does not fall directly off the table, so some unknown law of gravity must be at work.  Maybe they have the ghost of M. C. Escher on staff.To make matters worse, this little ten-person patio is way smaller than the dozens (hundreds?  thousands?) of tables inside, so if you get stuck out there, you will probably have horrible service.  If it was just us, I could blow it off as something personal - but it seemed like every table out there was constantly looking around for someone, and more than one actually got up and went inside to ask for someone to come out.As has been mentioned, the prices are pretty high.  I do not know if this is typically for CPK, as my only comparison is to the locations in an airport, but I do know that for what you get, it is not the best deal.  Made me want to hang out in the food court and try to get a few free samples from the fast food Chinese guy, hoping he would take pity on me.  Unfortunately I could probably miss a few meals, so I doubt he would give me more than seven before he told me to move along.
5	It was two days before Christmas and total chaos everywhere except here! Service was excellent, the food was outstanding! My husband and I started with the Mediterranean small bites then each had a pizza. I love their whole wheat crust!  Service was fantastic too!
3	CPK, as some know it, is an upscale pizza chain.  Upscale from say a Pizza Hut but not too upscale, as you can dress casually.  At one time CPK was kind of special.  Now you can get their pizza anywhere from standalone locations, to airports (Chad E.) to your grocer's freezer section.  So, it was on this visit that I decide to NOT get the pizza.As typical for any place near South Park mall at lunch, the place was packed.  Fortunately, we were seated quickly and promptly waited on.  Upon pursuing the menu and not wanting pizza, I came across my selection...Carnitas Tacos.  The order arrived at the table as two flour tacos w/ not too spicy shredded pork in the middle of each taco.  Topping these tacos was salsa verde, shredded lettuce, cabbage, red onions, and cilantro.  The dish does come w/ avocado but I nixed that topping.  W/ a squeeze of lime, these tacos were pretty decent.  Great flavor and filling w/out leaving you stuffed.  The side of tortilla chips was the only part of the meal that tasted overly processed...like corn flavored Baked Lays.  All of this for $10.75 was a little pricey for two tacos and chips.  But then again, you are in SP and everything here is a little pricey.I recommend this dish as a great healthy alternative to a cheese laden pizza.
4	Have not been to a CPK other than the quickie airport locations since October.  Went last night with grandchildren, so it was four adults and two children.It was excellent.  Service was super and being Saturday night the place was crowded.I was positively impressed with their new, expanded menu.  There are a good number of pastas and we tried two:  Kung Pow Spaghetti and Artichoke & Spinach Spaghetti.  King Pow was really spicy and the got the peanut flavor and the spice into the noodles.  Not a kid's dish.  The artichoke-spinach was nice, but quickly blah tasting. A good dose of hot sauce made it better but this dish is, by its composition, boring.The individual pizza options were good as ever, but we regretted the loss of the honey chicken pizza which is no more.  Our granddaughter was crushed, but somehow rebalanced and survived.Also on the menu but not tried were tacos (yes, REALLY!) and sandwiches.  A very impressive menu.Hope the CPK are consistent as this SouthPark Mall location in Charlotte.It does take reservation, but of the "call ahead" kind whereby you call as you are leaving for their location.  You might well have to wait, but with the alerting call not as long as the walk-ups.
4	The South Park location is ideal, the prices are reasonable, and the food is decent.  Very nice.  CPK is as 'chainy' as chain restaurant gets, but the consistency ties everything together.  A BBQ chicken pizza here is the same as the CPK BBQ chicken pizza across town.I have no complaints about the service though the crowds on weekend nights are rather lengthy.  Our party of 10 waited about an hour (we did have a rather large party).  If you're coming here for a weekend dinner, you'll probably end up with some time to shop while waiting for a table to open up.
4	Can't go wrong with CPK. Food is great, price is decent, and the service is always nice. Have to try their pesto chicken pizza if you like pesto sauce. I've been to this location a few times, never had to wait, which is a good thing, and it's just so convenient to grap a quick bite to eat after a long shopping day.
2	Forget this place! There are too many other choices in Charlotte to pay for bad food and bad service. It's a typical 'mall restaurant.'
4	My mom likes to come here when she visits me in Charlotte, and honestly it's not a bad choice.  They have a decent selection of pizza, pasta, and salads, the seating and orders are always prompt and service is usually pretty good.  Though it's outdoor seating is less than desired, the indoor area is nice.  Prices are reasonable since its in South Park Mall and it's much better than the airport version.  Salads are fresh and customizable.  The pizza cooked with a little burn on them, typical of an oven style.  They have decent lemonade too.I would recommend this as a valid alternative if you don't want to wait at the Cheesecake Factory or Maggiano's and don't want to succumb to the bourbon chicken offered at the food court.
1	Why am I never eating here again?It wasn't the pizza.It wasn't the strange, obtrusively angled interior.Or the fact that a million TVs are flashing at you.It was the horrible service.I took my mom here, and it's the first time I can recall stiffing someone on a tip. There wasn't even a manager that looked available we could complain to. You would think with the economic crises, people would want to hold on to their jobs -- but it amazes me the utter incompetency I see in the big chain service industry. From the minute we entered, two hostesses who have no clue, to a server who has no clue, to a chef who messes our order up, and actually not receiving our drinks until AFTER the food arrives, then waiting AGES to receive a bill. It's just taking the piss.Redonkulous.
1	I visited this location mid-afternoon on a Sunday. The place was dead so I figured I'd be in and out in less than 45 minutes. Ha!Our waitress took our drink orders and I ordered a water with lemon as I always do. She brought our drinks about 5 minutes later and I noticed she did not bring the lemon. I asked politely if she could bring some lemon and she brought me one lemon slice on a plate....five minutes later.  I ordered some type of salad and specifically asked for no tomatoes on top. After waiting about 20 minutes for this tiny salad, it was delivered to my table with guess what, tomatoes on top! The waitress ran off before I had a chance to say anything. When she eventually returned to refill my water glass, I was picking the tomatoes out one-by-one. She managed to mumble "sorry about the tomatoes" before disappearing again. Now, heaven forbid I was actually allergic to tomatoes! She made it very clear that she did NOT know how to listen. She did not offer to have the salad remade and I pretty much never saw her until she delivered the check. I left unhappy and unsatisfied. It's unfortunate that decent customer service is so hard to come by. However, I will not be visiting this CPK anytime in the future.
2	The food is delicious but the service has never been good. One night, my date (who is lactose intolerant) asked for a salad sans cheese. The salad had to go back three times before they got it right. My pizza was cold before my date could even eat.Another night I received a beer with a huge chunk of slushy ice in it. This was after clarifying our order twice, as the waiters don't like to write things down. My verdict: if you want CPK, get takeout.
3	Love their Italian Chopped Salad...and they have a pretty wide selection of choices on their menu....some Mexican flair too! BUT, we asked to sit on the patio (it was a lovely night out) and they said no. They wouldn't send a server out there to serve us.  No bueno.
3	Food is always good, service is hit or miss. Prices are high. Nothing special. Salads are creative and fresh.
2	Service was great, but food was not. The bread on my grilled veggie sandwich was mushy. It could have used a light toasting or grilling. The chili relleno was a pre-made, frozen item. The cracker taco pizza looked good, but had way too much ranch poured over the top. There are much better food options in South Park.
4	I have eaten here quite a few times over the last 3 or 4 years & almost never had a bad meal here.  Thai crunch salad, sedona tortilla soup, veggie pizza, grilled veggie sandwich, and the Mediterranean small plate are all solid choices.  I also really like the Mediterranean veggie egg rolls but the price is a little high for what you get so I don't order them often.  The flavored teas & lemonades are also good.  On my last visit I ordered the white pizza but it was way too salty so I don't recommend it!Service is alright.. No horror stories but nothing amazing either. Oh well I'm not here for the environment, I just want tasty food & this place has it!
3	I love that there are a few restaurant options in Southpark Mall, other than the food court, and California Pizza Kitchen is one and worth enjoying. The food is great and they offer a variety of menu items. We enjoyed the Italian Chopped Salad and White Pizza, both great & fresh! The pizza was cooked to perfection! So, three star you ask...Service. Very slow & the servers seem to be overwhelmed with the amount of tables they have or distracted. It took a long time to order and I had to flag someone down to refill the drinks and really didn't see our waiter until the bill came.
3	The wait staff was nice, The service was good, The food was as good as it always is at CPK. If you like CPK.. You will like it here
2	Meh. Just not my favorite ever. It's never been a concept that I particularly enjoy and I especially dislike this location. Being attached the South Park Mall, which I don't tend to enjoy....ever puts a damper on ever having to eat here. I just don't like their menu. The pizzas are one size and barely serve as pizza in first place. The pies are all one size and lack in execution. The California Club, BBQ Chicken, Margherita, and Thai Chicken all sound good, but tend to be piled with too much and lack the done-ness I like. The only pizza I can really give honorable mention to is the Pear Gorgonzola. It's a nice combo and works rather well. Worst part? Service. Shocking? Not really. It seems that they hire for ease rather than expertise. Multiple times I've experienced servers who were clueless or just straight up...not there. If you're in a hurry and need to get out quick, good luck. It's the biggest part of the business and also seems to be the part they pay the least amount of attention. Up the service game, gents. It's what you need.
2	Slow service. Management lacks leadership. Other than that, the food is on par with the high quality standards of all the other CPK stores.
3	I find myself going to cpk because I remember going to one in Virginia with my parents back in the day. In the grand scheme of things, I wouldn't suggest that its pizza is the best or anything, but let's just say that I'm partial to a few things on the menu and that's what keeps me coming back.First off, I'm a big fan of the BBQ chicken chopped salad. I order it with extra avocado. That's usually my go-to. If I'm in a pizza mood it is usually something with chicken in it or possibly the carne asada. I'm not a huge fan of their appetizers, generally. I like that you can request honey wheat dough.The service here isn't that great. And the wait times can be outrageous. I've had a couple of really bad experiences with wait times here and can honestly say that you should not come here if you're in a hurry. But since I am a creature of habit and I've grown to like a few of the dishes, I'll be back. I think the dining experience can be ok here as long as you plan accordingly.
3	Guess there's a reason it's not called the California Chicken/Pasta Kitchen. Ordered a chicken pasta dish and asked if they offered a half portion option... the answer was unfortunately "No." Full order came, but only 5 to 6 thumb size pieces of meat. No where near enough for a $12+ meal. Server responded by bringing over the manager; he explained how the meal was prepared, but did agree to have some extra chicken grilled up and brought over at no charge.
2	If you are craving pizza I think Charlotte has much better spots to satisfy that craving
1	Normally, this restaurant has a great reputation.  In Florida, it was one of my favorite places.  Here in the Southpark location in Charlotte, it is actually really bad.The last few times I went, the service was terrible, the hostesses rude, the food was bland and skimpy on portions, and the atmosphere awful.  The very last time I went, it was so bad, that I emailed the corporate office to let them know they are being represented poorly here in charlotte, and they sent me a couple of free meal coupons. So, this past weekend, I went there to give them one last try.Upon arrival, I noticed quite a few tables out on their patio, and the day was glorious...74 and totally sunny.  Once inside at the hostess stand, I requested a table on the patio.  She told me they had "stopped seating outside", and it was 1:00pm??  I then said, well I guess we have to sit inside, which she then told me there was a 15-20 minute wait.  When I questioned all of this (since there were no people waiting, and the dining room was practically empty, she said they were short-staffed.  Wow!  Talk about your horrible management!  This is so sad.  I hate to see a good company go down because of horrible management.  Needless to say, I did not stay to eat, and will never return to this location again.  I do wish there was another Charlotte location in the Ballantyne area that had a different manager so they could be as wonderful as they are in other states.
3	I ate here and I didn't die = 3 stars!If you can battle the parking lot that was clearly designed by Helen Keller, CPK seems like a reasonable mall choice.  Back by Urban Outfitters and The Container Store, I would park elsewhere and walk through the mall.  Since it is located right next to the food court, parking is awful.  Even at 11:15, folks were starting the Battle Royale for parking spots (and the spots are narrow - my 4runner was taking up the entire spot - I would not park there again).  My lunch dates were already seated when I got there and the friendly hostess showed me to them - on a Friday at 11:15 there was a light crowd, but folks were starting to roll in as we were leaving.  I quickly ordered a diet Coke and since I had checked out the menu online beforehand, I knew I wanted to try the Caramelized Peach Salad which contained field greens and spinach (all tender greens, no tough or bitter), warm peaches, dried cranberries, gorgonzola cheese and toasted pecans with a white vinaigrette (I had them leave off the red onions).  Their salads can be ordered in 1/2 portions, which is what I got ($8), and it was more than enough for a light lunch.  You can add bacon, chicken, etc for an upcharge.  Everything blended well, it wasn't over-dressed, though the vinegar was pretty stout and I would not have been angry about having a few more pecans.  Nice portion with fresh ingredients, it was just right.  Our waiter was very friendly and attentive.  He managed us and a few other tables (one was a large party of clucking females) with ease.  Little one's cheese pizza looked pretty darn good, so I will probably return again (*after* the holidays) to check it out.
5	I was recently diagnosed with Celiacs so while shopping at the mall and hungry my boyfriend and I wondered where we'd eat.  We saw a sign that California Pizza kitchen now had a gluten free menu so we decided to check it out.  As it turns out they had just started the GF menu a week prior.  I had the mushroom pepperoni sausage (GF) and Tim had BBQ chicken (non GF).  They have 4 pizzas that are certified GF and made in their own station to prevent cross contamination.   You can order any pizza with GF crust but they are made in the normal prep area.  They follow the strict guidelines of the Gluten Intolerance Group. The head chef came out and explained allprocedures in making their GF pizza to assure me that there would be no cross contamination and the manager brought my food out, explaining that he had washed his hands and not gone near gluten before serving my food.  I was extremely impressed with their customer service and dedication to providing a safe place to eat for those of us with Celiacs and gluten intolerance, unlike The Cheesecake Factory which has a GF menu but makes all the pasta in the same water, GF and regular, which defeats the purpose of a GF menu for Celiacs.  But back to the pizza!  It was the most normal tasting GF pizza I've had, it was actually doughy and wasn't brittle or super thin.  Even Tim said he couldn't tell it was GF.  I'm definitely coming back!
2	The food wasn't that good, the pizza was way to thin and it taste like wood. Also the bread appetiser was way to cooked and in the salad was chicken skin. Disgusting I'm never going back there. But the service was good.
3	I think I walked by this place 100x after checking out some Jordan apparel at the Foot Locker across the hall, so the appeal factor really was not there for some reason.  I finally decided to stop in, though.The environment was nice and the servers were very friendly.  My favorite part of the meal was probably the complimentary warm bread.  It came with olive oil and had an great crispy crust.  For lunch I got the Waldorf Salad, which was huge, and it was pretty good.  I did not have a chance to try and of their cocktails, but I am not sure if the restaurant feels like the place where I want to go to in order to enjoy some drinks.For a quick lunch/dinner in the mall after burning up some calories all day, I would definitely recommend CPK.
5	Quze was an awesome waiter. He gave a great recommendation to me because it was my first time there, he asked what I liked on my pizza and told me the best option might be a BBQ Hawaiian pizza, he was right it was delicious! Anyway this is a great place to eat but having a great waiter like Quze made it even better! Will be back  in the near future! -The customers who promised a rave yelp review. Lol.
1	Just had the worst experience at CPK in Charlotte. We used to be frequent customers, will never return. Still have not even heard from them after writing to them explaining my situation. The manager here is AWFUL! Ruined a 5 year olds birthday and was completely rude and arrogant!
3	Back for a relaxing lunch.  Was not too happy to be escorted into the rear tube of booths that we know as Purgatory, but it was not crowded and they did have to spread sparse customers to accommodate the wait staff.We did notice that portions have been greatly reduced.  The tray on which the wonderful BLT egg rolls were served used to be what carried the full order of chopped salad, but that came on what used to be a half order plate.And so the economy goes, eh?Luis, our server, was Mr. Personality and was on top of taking care of us in isolation.  He had recommended the egg rolls and he was so right as to their #1 popularity.  Yumilishous.CPK is a good franchise, as good as their servers and kitchen.  South Park has a good one and I hope that they can recover back to the portions we all have grown used to in previously productive economies. Let's hope that it will chance for the better.
4	Amazing pasta that's full of flavor and texture to the tee!! The pizza ain't too bad here either with a staff that's always courteous and friendly... Well laid out restaraunt overall with a decent sized patio
1	Seriously? How do you mess up a taco? My sister and I stopped there for lunch and we both had tacos. She had the fish and I the pork. So you hear pork taco and you think pulled bbq pork with all the fixings right? WRONG! I was presented with 2 of soggiest soft tacos I had ever encountered. But the soggy exterior was not the most offensive part.  I took one bite of the pork taco and thought that the server got my order wrong. The inside of the soggy taco was filled with cubes of greasy fried pork! I thought to myself 'What in the world?' Oh and if the mushy oily texture was not enough of an insult to my pallet, let me add that the entire bite was bland. The combination of the soggy taco and cubes of greasy fried pork left me speechless and grossed out.  The server came around to see how things were going and I told him I was expecting a different experience with pork taco. He asked me if I would like something else and I told him no. If the cook could destroy something as simple as a taco which is as easy to make as a sandwich, I was not interested in anything else on the menu.
3	The food is pretty good here. It was two of us and we decided to share the spicy chicken tinga quesadilla and they were awesome! also, we shared the California club pizza and we LOVED it. When we go back that's what we usually get. Although, the service isn't that great.. Past times I've gone server never came and we ended up leaving. Hostess begged us to stay but we had already decided on a new restaurant. Food is good. Service is eh.
4	The bar tenders are always super nice and friendly. I've eaten at this location about ten times, and the food is yum. However, I feel as though it is overpriced for the quality of their food. I usually eat in the restaurant, but the one time I ordered curb side to-go, they messed my order up.
3	I stopped by this location while I was at the mall one afternoon for lunch. I was here for work so I have never been to this location before, but I have been eating at CPK since I was younger. As much as I love this place, I wish they would just come back with their Peking Duck Pizza they used to have!!This location in particular, I sat outside for lunch and thought the patio was pretty spacious for shopping mall. The view was also nicer than some of the other ones I have been to and you are staring at a parking lot. The waiter I had was very fast and friendly as well, definitely a place I would stop at if I had to get food and be in and out. I ordered the small plate wedges salad as well as the hawaiian pizza while I was there. The small wedge salad was pretty good, I mean you can't really mess up a salad so I can't complain. The thing I love about the CPK pizzas is the crust, it is not flavorless and always really sweet. Kind of like a Kings Hawaiian roll on a pizza, which is why I make a point to order the pizza everytime I am there. When I ordered this pizza at this location, the crust did not taste like it was supposed to and I was disapointed!! My favorite part is the crust and I did not eat any of it on this visit. The crust was kind of burnt and not very good. I was not very happy, but at least I do not live close to this location
4	Today was exceptionally better than most of our times here. I got the white pizza, minus spinach and add fresh basil & sauce. Super delicious. BF had Italian chopped salad and he swears it's one of the best in Southpark. It's a guys salad ;) free dessert b/c it's birthday month so make sure to sign up for rewards card. Service was ON POINT. Guy super attentive.
3	Very disappointing and I didn't even eat there. My very first job was a hostess for a CPK and the people I talked to did an awful job. Once I made my selection on the prompt a girl picks up the phone and says, "hello"....hello? I'm not calling your personal phone! How about your name and where I'm calling? Duh! Then she couldn't tell me anything about delivery, said she should though and then transferred me to the guy who would. He was equally underwhelming. I asked if they delivered and he said yes but his delivery guy is out. That was it. So I inquired further...out delivering or out for the night and then he says out for the night. Jesus what is wrong with the youth nowadays. Most seem to have no work ethic and seriously lack common sense and customer service.UPDATE: Within a business day the store manager reached out to me and apologized for my experience. He said they are currently undergoing a service training company wide. While I applaud them for this corporate wide effort this is definitely something they could do internally. Again, when I worked at a CPK we never had these issues.
2	Tried their seasonal cheesecake and it was not up to my standard. Black and white it's nothing out if this world.
2	I waited 30 minutes for food that was cold. When I say cold I mean like out of the refrigerator cold. I went as far as making the manager touch it. We eat at the one at Lenox mall at least 8 times a month and never see anything like this. This CPK is horrible!!!!! Can't believe I have stopped here on the way back to Atl and waisted all this time!!!To edit the manager ended up buying our meal and tried to make it right, but after 7 hours in a car and no food since breakfast with 5 more hours to go to get back home....... I would have rather been eating right now and paid than waiting for a recook!EDIT:I am only going to edit this because the assistant general manager Mr. Bob. Mr. Bob I have to say you change my mind about the CPK here in South Park. Even though they messed up our food the way that you are and how personable you work and how nice you were and taking care of the whole situation plus more made us really enjoy our stay even though we had to wait for our food again. Thank you very much Mr. Bob we appreciate it and we will try again when we come back through.
3	I waited 45 minutes for a table for 6 because my whole party wasn't there yet. Their waiting area is very small & it was crowded. My rambunctious 7 year old couldn't stand there any longer. They would have made more $$ if they sat us. I would have ordered an appetizer & a glass of wine. I got the 1/2 chopped Italian salad. Very good.
