5	Great atmosphere. Great decor. Great nail techs. Great prices!! Just opened recently and they are amaze. And they have a great variety of polish to choose from. I think I found my new nail salon!
5	Love this place! It's a very nice, upscale boutique with great staff and excellent pricing. I highly recommend checking this place out. You will definitely become a regular!
5	Wanna feel fancy? Treat yourself? Get a little pampering? Here's a great place to splurge.It may not look like much from the outside, but Cachet is very swanky and trendy inside. Think upscale nail salon. I love the decor. Instead of massage chairs... the pedicure throne are giant white chairs with pillows. At first, I thought that I would miss the massage chair. But to be honest, this was way more comfortable.My favorite part about this place is that you can mix and match services. So, you can spend as little or much as you want. A basic manicure is $15. Basic pedi is $25. Because they were running a 20% grand opening special, I decided to splurge and go with the cosmopolitan pedicure ($50). It includes a nice scrub, a thermal mask and a smoothing massage. It was all so relaxing. I loved every minute of it. For the fingers, I just did a basic manicure.Huge selection of colors, wine-mimosas-other drinks available, TV at the nail bar... and on top of that the workers are all super nice. You can tell they take a lot of pride in the business.My friend Jaclyn and I had a great time at the salon this morning. Thank you Cachet for getting us New Year's Eve ready. We'll definitely be back.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! As soon as you step foot in Cachet Nails, you're warmly greeted by smiling faces, amazing upscale decor including pretty cool artwork and rhinestone chairs, cleanliness, music and refreshments. No one yells at you from across the salon like other nail salons we have all visited! The nail polish selection is beyond expectation and everyone there is more than happy to help select the perfect shade for you. I had the pleasure of having services by Cindy and Julie. I even brought my mom one day and Van did an awesome job on her pedicure. These ladies are amazing, great to talk to and efficient! Trinity, the owner, is by far the most amazing person ever! She talks to you (more than just the basics) and makes sure that your individual experience is great each and every time. She even takes pictures for you if you're with friends or even if you want to post a cute IG picture and that's awesome! The services Cachet provides are plenty and you can choose to get anything, even if its in a separate salon package. This is definitely a place to relax and feel pampered with class. Once you experience this place, you'll never forget it. I am definitely excited to become a regular here :)
5	I has a awesome experience. The nail salon is something like you see I'm a upscale magazine. Amber was amazing and very patience with me. I'm coming back with 6 friends Saturday to get pedi. If you want to treat yourself go here :-)
5	Want to be treated like royalty?!  You have to visit Cachet Nail Boutique.  I love love this nail salon!  I managed to convince my husband to join me for a mani/pedi.  What we ended up getting was a deluxe package.  He is not a typical guy who likes these excursions and to hear him commented on how much he enjoyed Cachet Nail Boutique was music to my ears.  We were greeted warmly and happily by Trinity, the owner, and her nail techs.  We were invited to enjoy complementary drinks as we discussed what we'd like done.  I had a mimosa and my husband opted for a glass of wine.  The mimosa was delicious and hubby said the wine was good wine.  Everything about Cachet Nail Boutique invites you to stay and linger a little longer.  First, I would like to comment how trendy, luxurious and tastefully decadent Cachet Nail Boutique is... from the rows of throne-like chairs that is reminiscent of Victorian luxury mixed with modern comfort to a aisle of greenery that separates these chairs.  The plants add to the green-focused of the boutique.  You don't smell that unpleasant odor that usually meets you in other places.  What greets you is beauty and pleasantry.  The services are first-class!  Everyone was friendly and engaging.  Several techs worked on me and my husband.  They were talkative without being intrusive. They engaged when we wanted to but also allowed my husband and I to converse and enjoyed ourselves.  My toes and nails never looked better.  My husband's toes--what a huge improvement and he loved that they worked on this calluses.  His heels were smooth as can be...  Oh how he raved about them for days after!  He said he would be willing to join me again if we go to Cachet Nail Boutique!
