5	The Persimmon Dining Room is located in the Anthem Country Club. Their Patio offers a classic ambiance with spectacular views of the 18th fairway and is a perfect setting for watching Arizona's beautiful desert Sunsets. The menu provides variety, a contemporary flair and memorable Sophistication, and the wine list and liquor selections appeal to a wide variety of tastes. All of the services and facilities at this Clubhouse are designed with the goal and spirit of providing it's Members and their guest with the enjoyment of an inviting yet unpretentious setting.
4	Service was very slow even though when we first arrived there were only 2 other people there.  Food was great and large portions--20% tip already included which I don't like--I generally do give 20% but don't like having to if service is only mediocre.
1	Just tried Sunday breakfast and cannot say enough bad things about the whole experience. First of all there were only 5 tables with patrons when we arrived, but it took almost an hour to get a breakfast that was cold upon arrival. The table next to us was there before us but did not get any food until several later arrivals were served. They complained and still had food that arrived wrong and cold. This place was just remodeled but even the views could not entice us to ever try this place again.
5	The Anthem Country club does a spectacular job taking care of it's grounds and the service in the Persimmon bar & grille has always been 1st class in our experience.  We moved from Anthem to Desert Mountain and we missed Anthem so much, we've moved back.  Anyone who says service is bad here must have come on a really off day as that is not the norm.  We're very happy to call Anthem Country club home again.  Paul & Angie Johnson
4	Fantastic views!!  Good food. Good service.
5	We have gone for drinks a few times and it has always been wonderful! We have been for prime rib night twice, and have been very impressed. The service and food are all top notch! Highly recommended!!!
4	Amazing view! Great food, great service by Maggie and Team. Always a positive experience. It would be ideal if new dishes were brought in every now and again. Healthy options like the seared ahi previously offered would come back. Thanks!
