5	I called Floral 2000/Floral Couture in a panic at 2pm and asked if they could have 2 $50 bouquets delivered to the Convention Center by 4pm. Without hesitation the woman on the other end of the line said "No problem," asked a few questions to make sure she understood what I wanted, and by 330pm I had flowers. Turned out they were the most dependable, professional vendor that we had at the whole event and I couldn't have been happier. If I ever need to plan a larger event in Vegas again I will definitely turn to them for the floral package.
5	We used them just for the bridal bouquet and the bridesmaid's flowers, so we were a very small order. They made us feel very special and important none the less. The flowers were just gorgeous!!!  They found practically the exact color of the bridesmaids' dresses to use as the wrap around the flowers.  They were very professional and a pleasure to deal with!!!
5	I was referred to Floral 2000 by the banquet coordinator at my wedding reception site. It was a wonderful suggestion. I planned my wedding from afar, which can be a difficult thing to do. I simply had to trust that the flowers, and cake, and everything else would be perfect since I couldn't be there pick things out myself. I worked with Julie at Floral 2000 and I couldn't be happier with the entire process. At first, I wasn't sure exactly what I was looking for. I sent many, many pictures, and changed my mind a few times. All the while, Julie was patient and happy to help. Finally, I decided on exactly what I wanted. I simply sent one final photo with a few details, and left the rest up to Floral 2000. When the flowers arrived to the reception site, they were absolutely perfect. I ordered a couple hundred loose flowers in bulk which allowed me to create my own floral arrangements in a variety of smaller vases. I also ordered my bridal bouquet. Every single thing was exactly what I wanted. I couldn't have been happier and more pleased with the entire experience. The only thing that I wish I could have done differently, was to find a way to preserve my bouquet before it wilted a couple days later. Really, everything was perfect. Thanks to everyone at Floral 2000 for the amazing flowers!
2	For my 20th anniversary on Valentines day I was surprised by a bouquet my husband had sent me to The Palazzo after coming back from LE REVE show, although very beautiful I was really sad that the next day 2 of the roses were already dying 1 was full bloom and the water was beginning to become cloudy! Did what instructions said daily  but no use my bouquet was just getting worse. For $150 I think they should last up to a week!! Maybe the glass beads didn't let the stems breath idk or the way they cut them you could see the stems darkening where they cut or scraped them. see my pic!
5	I've received flowers in the past from this florist and they were beautiful so I contacted them when I needed an order for delivery.  I gave them the price range and an idea of what I was looking for and they didn't disappoint.  They do a wonderful job and have great customer service.  I even asked for a photo if the arrangement once it was completed and they emailed it to me.  The photo doesn't do it justice.  The arrangement was amazing in person.  I will be using them for all my future orders.
2	I was so excited to find out my boyfriend sent me flowers... Until I got them. The driver was rude and unwilling to answer any questions. The flowers were  ALREADY wilted/burned on the edges, and did not last three days. They claimed to attempt delivery that Wed., but the flowers were scheduled for Thursday. I made sure they had the right address, as my company is 24/7, so there is always some one there, but no one had anything further to say about the attempted delivery. Not professional. If you are going to order from here, I highly suggest to request freshly cut flowers - the bowl the flowers were placed in was clear, and I could see that the flowers were not cut same day or even day before. It is sad that flowers that another friend got me ($10) flowers from the grocery store and lasted two and a half weeks, yet my BF orders $80-$100 arrangement and died within three days.
5	Flora provided the centerpieces for my wedding reception. Christine the designer worked with me (long distance) to come up with centerpieces that were affordable and not flowers (as I'm allergic). She came up with the most outstanding feather arrangements that lit up.. I know it sounds weird but they were phenomenal and classy. My guests are still raving about them which for me is a huge compliment since I have never remembered arrangements at a wedding. I am so thrilled!
5	On my way to brunch with my mother on Mother's day and I realized that I forgot a gift.  We found floral 2000 on yelp because they were one of the few florists open on Sunday.  I came in and they quickly made a beautiful corsage.  Staff was very friendly and helped me out of a jam. I could not recommend more.
5	Fantastic team, Kristin helped us out with flowers and decor for our wedding. She was patient and great at making suggestions for my changing themes. The final product looked fantastic, everyone commented on how fun and unusual our decorations were.Thank you so much
1	I've used Floral 2000 before and they were pretty good to me and my girl. I sent her flowers from their shop and had them delivered and they were just as expected.  The flowers didn't last as long as a previous florist, but they provided a great surprise for her. For that experience alone I had to use them again.Fast forward a couple of months, I'm out of town on vacation. I want to do something nice for my girl, let her know that I'm thinking about her. So I order through their website. The process was easy.When they delivered the flowers I ordered, she was surprised and very happy to see that I would give her such a gesture. Unfortunately when she sent me a photo, the flowers were partially dead. I'm not one to complain and the cost was competitive, but when she got home the night of they began wilting. I called them when she sent me a photo and I asked if they could do anything.They happily said they would remedy the issue by giving her new flowers the next day. When they delivered the replacement, the accessory in the flowers was missing. I called them 15 minutes after the delivery and they said they send the driver back. It's been 3 hours and he's still not there.There's chances where I'll give a company a chance to fix their issues, but there's only so many to give. Sorry Floral 2000, you've disappointed me. I'm disappointed you can't get an order right.I hope no one else will have to encounter a similar experience.
5	Had the most beautiful flowers I have ever seen for my wife from Floral 2000! If you are looking for flowers for any occasion, I would suggest you call Floral 2000.
5	Love their flowers, definitely best designers in town. I have been getting my flowers there for years and never been disappointed and always got compliments on their arrangements. Currently I'm planning my wedding with Floral 2000 and I cannot wait to see the final product! Great service and great products!
