5	I live in way south chandler and so this place is always a long trip, but I frequent this place because the have great prices and impeccable service.  They have saved me on more than one occasion with a print job that needed to be turned around the same day.
5	I not only needed marketing materials designed and printed, but banners, signs and promotional items for my anniversary/grand opening. Eric was able to get everything I needed just in time for the big day. I only had to go to one place and he took care of everything.
2	After a few successful projects, I was sooooo hopeful that I FINALLY found a printer that was fast, efficient and reasonably priced.  My hopes were shattered.  New project: after sending over my info, attachments and needs via email twice, I heard nothing.  Crickets.  After a phone call to them and confirming that they got my email, I heard nothing.  Crickets.  So next new project: a banner.  Maybe my last experience was a fluke.  Sent over all the info, gave them a call and confirmed they recieved my email.  Again, nothing.  Crickets.  I obviously never had it made there, but I did get an email response 3 weeks later (I'm not exaggerating)  Boo.I have since found another printer....good help is hard to find and unfortunately, you won't find it here.
2	I tried to print and bind two books in 6 copies for a design studio project. I gave them the colorful file just with the first three pages black and white on a last Tuesday and they gave them to me on last Friday morning in BLACK and WHITE in All pages!  ------They never run through your file! ---then they started doing the reprinting for me, and told me I will receive their call on Monday to pick up my books. But no one called me on Monday. ----So I called them, Heather told me they are going to be done anytime before 17:00. ----However no one called me back. So, I waited and waited, today is Wednesday. I called them in the afternoon, they said it is still binding. And they will send it to me before 6. Finally I got them at 9.30 in the night. But it turns out to be binded in the wrong side. I still respect Heather sending them to me so late after their business hours. But I can't use them for the original purpose since they are bind on the wrong side...
