5	I loved it! I even took my children and we were all impressed. Where else can you get a great bowl of Pho AND a beer? Totally awesome. Will definitely go back!
5	Great pho and live music Friday and Saturday. Definitely coming back!
5	The food is amazing.  I had the pho and my friend had a plate of rice noodles with beef and veggies.  Both dishes were great.  And they use fresh ingredients which is what I loved most about it.  As good as the food was the happy hour drink prices were even better.  This is definitely my new fav restaurant bar.
5	This place took my Pho virginity... and it was good.I was initially excited when I sat down by the awesome playlist of old school hip hop playing in the background- it instantly put me in a good mood. The owner visited with us, and made some suggestions as this was my first time having Pho. I started with some spring rolls that they made to be vegetarian that tasted AMAZING. Perfect peanut sauce, and they replaced the meat with avocado and tofu. The taste hit the spot. Next, I opted for veggie pho, which I was a little disappointed to find out that it was still a beef broth base, but I tried it anyway and it was delicious. They served it with a side of fresh bean sprouts, mint and a lime. So many different flavors, yet they all complimented one another.I treated myself to a Thai iced tea, which honestly was one of the best I've ever had. Sweet, but without the smokey aftertaste that some Thai teas can have (which I hate- so I don't always order them). It came with some boba which was a fun addition. I really hope this place does well, as the food, service and atmosphere were all great. I hear they are thinking about doing karaoke and I totally hope they do. I'll be back!
5	I used to go to a Pho place on the West side of town all the time with my father when he was still alive. Pho Bang. That place was a family business and remained my favorite Pho joint for years. I took dates there and it was one of my go-to little hidden spots to recommend and take friends to for years. Over time, they started going a bit down hill I think. The food didn't seem to change much, but after awhile it was apparent that they were in need of a fresh coat of paint or new chairs and tables or something. Anyway, long story short - I eventually sorta stopped going there and I didn't really realize how much I missed having a good Pho place to hit up once in awhile. That brings me to Pho Cao. This is the building that used to be Crazy Fish 202 Sushi. I think it was even something before that I can't remember. The parking lot is awkward to get to, and if you miss the turn you may be inclined to just give up and go somewhere else rather than turn around and go back. Well, don't. This place is worth it. It has only been open less than a week, but they've already made massive changes to the building and if you've been here before, you're in for a pleasant surprise as they've clearly put in a lot of work. There are still a few little kinks to be worked out as they are so new, but that's pretty standard at any new place. The owner and staff are super nice and enthusiastic. I love supporting local businesses when it's clear they love what they are doing - and that shows here.Now the food... is it as good as my favorite Pho? Well, I would definitely have to put their rolls up there with the best of them. I ordered a second plate of Egg Rolls (which are called Spring rolls at the other place) after finishing the first if that tells you anything. They mixed up my order a bit for my entree and brought out something that was similar to what I ordered, but a totally different item. It was a simple mistake, but they were good about offering to correct it.I opted to eat it anyway rather than send it back. I plan on trying a bunch of things there, and I'm not a stickler for such things. The waitress was attentive and quick to bring drink refills. My entree was good, and I tried my gf's Pho and thought that was mighty tasty as well. The tea she ordered was amazing - the little beads of boba reminded me of that Orbitz drink that was discontinued years ago. If you're feeling nostalgic, there you go... I had a good time, and I'm looking forward to going back. They have great food. They are close to my house too which is a plus. They have a full bar and plan to do live music and other fun stuff. They also plan to start delivering soon I believe which is awesome. We need more delivery places in town. It's close to ASU and Old Town Scottsdale - such a great location.By the way - I found out it's pronounced FUH and not foe. After all these years doing it wrong. I may just keep saying it wrong.
3	I've seen several restaurants turn over in this location several times.  It's a high traffic area, but kind of isolated from everything else, and you can't make a left onto Scottsdale Road when exiting the parking lot.  I give them six months, but more because of the location than anything else.It has a spacious feel and a lot of Chinese touches (e.g., the placemat has the Chinese zodiac) for a Vietnamese restaurant.  And it looks like they want to have a vibrant bar scene at night.  They are open till 2 am, although pho can only be ordered till 10 pm.  We came on our lunch break to give it a try.I got the large pho with the rare steak and lean beef, or something like that.  There were over a dozen combinations of meats for pho.  I got the large bowl because I'm usually hungry after three hours of having pho for lunch.  The large portion did a fairly good job of lasting me through the rest of the day.  The meat was of relatively higher quality compared to other pho places I've been to in the city.  Overall, I would say that it was good.
3	We tried to go to a Pho place that was recommended to us by a friend but was closed. Did a quick yelp search and found this place that had just opened. It was pretty empty at 1pm with only 4 tables occupied. Service was good except the kitchen messed up on our orders which is hard to believe as, with most Pho places, it's order by number. No biggie, the fixed it. On to the Pho itself. First the size. The regular and large are not much different and the large is smaller then most place I've gone. The broth itself was OK but not anything special. The meat was lacking, not in quality but quantity. Overall it was a decent bowl of Pho but not something I would drive to in order to have. If I was in the area and needed a quick Pho fix, sure, but nothing more.
5	Attention Gluten Free'ers... This place is a paradise for those of us consuming a sans gluten diet. That said, the food was amazing the service was outstanding and did I mention almost EVERYTHING is GLUTEN FREE. The broth they use for the Pho is spectacular. We all had something different and dish after dish; pork, steak, shrimp, and vegetarian just kept getting better. Please make your palate happy and eat at Pho Cao.
5	I'm a very picky ass person when it comes to food, especially ASIAN food. Pho is pretty much 75% of my diet and it is very healthy. Went in to Pho Cao on its grand opening day and I have to say that this place is a definite MUST GO. Their Pho is fresh, clean and authentic. I can definitely taste the broth to be 100% beef bone, which makes it extremely healthy, instead of all the flavor enhancing additives that other restaurants use.  For appetizers, I tried spring rolls, fried fish & shrimp balls, and shrimp cocktail. They are all fantastic! And of course, you can't go to a Pho restaurant and not order a fresh glass of Cafe Sua Da (Vietnamese/French coffee with sweetened condensed milk).Service is excellent as the staffs are very attentive and caring. They actually speak perfect English to you BTW, so ordering can't go too too bad. To top off everything, they have live bands playing on the weekends, hip hop music during the weekdays and for now they have 50% off drinks. What do you have to lose? I say nothing because its great food, excellent service, awesome music and booze! Enjoy!
4	Full disclosure::  I am Caucasian and Pho is just an occasional treat for me.I have been here twice now and I really like this place.  The food is fresh,very reasonably priced, service is good, and the owner is interested in my opinion.    Very refreshing.We have tried 3 different pho dishes, all good.  The spring rolls are delicious, and the whole crispy chicken was perfect.  I did not love the egg rolls but, my wife did.This place is evolving and is new but, I love their attitude.  I wish they had more booths but, that's just meFull bar, entertainment on weekends, and the best Thai iced tea in Scottsdale.I WILL BE BACK!
5	Pho is fantastic and service is great! Chicken pho had big juicy chunks and the spring rolls were yummy. Linda our waitress was so nice and attentive!
5	Had a small get together with some friends before my daughter leaves for Okinowa next week.I thought this place was ok, the first couple times (see previous reviews) but, now have a couple of things to add.The Filet Mignon Shaking Beef is delicious. The Bun Bo Hue is even better.  I skipped these dishes the first time because I was a little intimidated by the name but, that was my mistake. The Calamari is wonderful here but, you guys need some Marinara sauce to go with it.Matt, my server was super (thanks Matt) but we had a big group so everyone chipped in whenever they could,  (thanks Nick and David)  The owner, Victor was constantly checking to make sure things were ok, they were but, I LOVED that.I was with a diverse group 20-60 years old but, everyone had a blast.Friendly place, good food, great value.  Try for yourself. then send Me a compliment on yelp.  I need more!!!
5	the food was excellent and service was great.  I loved it
5	I came here for lunch and loved it.   Loved the music, free wifi, friendly and quick service and delicious Pho.  I got a giggle out of a white guy serving me PHO, but I'd definitely come back.  I could sit here and work on my laptop all day.
5	The pho was phabulous!!  We had a great meal at this new and wonderful restaurant... Go check it out and I know you will love the food and the owner, Victor, who really made sure we had a great experience.
5	So happy to have a Pho place open late and nearby!  Beautiful, relaxing interior -- which is pretty unique among Vietnamese restaurants.  The vegetable pho really does come with lots of veggies; not just basil and bean sprouts.  There are a number of non-pho items on the menu that I look forward to trying.  Quick and friendly service, and some decent beers on tap.  Although it would be great to see a tap for Hop Knot or Stone added.  And very decently priced.  Thanks for opening!
5	This place is everything a pho joint is supposed to be and then some! Let's start with the basics: It's cheap! You can get a bowl of pho for 6-8 bucks depending on how hungry you are. It's also the real deal! They have tendon and tripe for all you sickos out there that are actually into that. Just give me a piping hot bowl with beef, brisket and a ton of Sriracha, I'm a happy guy! We also tried the shaking beef because everyone rants and raves about it and it's only $9.95.. It was heaven in the form of little filet mignon cubes! We just happed to get here during happy hour and were pleasantly surprised with half priced draft beers!The sign out front advertises live music and karaoke some nights of the week, adding a nice element of entertainment! Add to that the fact that they serve food late into the night, and you've got yourself a nice little spot! I can't wait to go back!
4	I am so thrilled about Pho Cao!From the Vietnamese coffee to Thai iced tea with boba - I am a fan of the beverages as much as the fare.The restaurant is housed inside a stand alone building (formerly Crazy Fish Sushi).  It is a large restaurant with a lounge and dining area.  There is also a separate space with a generous stage for its live music on Fridays and Saturdays after 7p.A daily happy hour is also offered from 3p-6p and 11p-2a.  HH prices include 50% off all beers, well drinks, and wines.Furthermore, there is Karaoke on Wednesdays and Thursdays. The menu offers 16 different bowls of Pho (beef based rice noodle soups).  All but 2 are beef steak or other beef varieties, so that limits the selections for vegetarians or chicken fans.  $6.75 regular $7.50 largeBut there are many more plates and bites to try.  Start with an appetizer such as the soft spring rolls (Fresh rice paper rolls with shrimp & pork sausage served with peanut sauce), summer rolls (Fresh rice paper rolls with Vietnamese pork sausage, served with their house sauce), and soft shell crab spring rolls (Deep fried soft shelled crab rolled with lettuce, bean sprouts, avocado, and vermicelli, served with a special house mixed soy sauce).  Appetizers range from $4-$6, and we did try all three. Chicken wings and shrimp cocktail also available.Entrees average $8-9.  Entrees are steamed rice with selections such as grilled salmon filet, grilled shrimp, or Chinese sausage.  Our order of the Com Ca Nuong (grilled salmon) was not a favorite as it was overcooked and very dry, but the curry more than made up for it!One of their dozen "Specials" is the Cari Ga, or chicken curry.  This was a delicious green curry with marinated chicken, coconut juice, and carrots.  Add to that some fresh squeezed lime and cilantro, and it was perfect!This restaurant certainly caters to the carnivorous crowd, but you will find some vegetable entrees such as the Vegetarian Curry, as well as stir fried rice and noodles - both of which can be ordered with seafood, pork, chicken, or tofu for $9.Overall, with its simple and fresh ingredients and great prices - this is definitely going to become one of my go-to places.
5	The spring rolls are well wrapped and taste great with the dipping sauce. The pho broth is very clean tasting, each bite is delicious. the smell inside gets your mouth watering and the ppl are all very nice.
1	NOTE: I came here for the pho, not the happy hour beer or bar food.This is quite possibly the worst pho I've had in a long time. It was bland and the hoisen and siracha did not help. I ordered a salty plum drink and it came 30-45 min later, after asking about it 3 times so obviously I was a little pissed at the service. Also, I've never had a red berry flavored salty plum drink. The server was not knowledgeable about the menu at all and even forgot the side of rice my friend ordered, but was still charged for it. To top things off, the pho was expensive. I'd say the best part of the meal was the spicy chicken wings, which was the first thing we got and went down hill from there.So we ordered chicken wings, summer rolls, 2 bowls of pho, 2 drinks and stir fry noodles with a side of rice = $60 including the automatic 18% gratuity from  the Living Social coupon. There a ton of other pho places in Phx where the same amount of food would cost $30-40. If you just wanna go for happy hour and/or some late night pho, be my guest!
2	Holy meh... Absolutely forgettable broth, overdone and too thickly cut beef. Really the broth offended me the most, it didn't taste bad but the flavor just wasn't all there. It almost tasted watered down.  Just mehhh... better places too be had. Pricey too, ban mih shouldn't cost more than $3.50 unless it's made with angel tears. Service was exceptionally slow for a pho joint but the portions were of a good size. Mind you, a huge bowl of spectacularly average pho isn't exactly a positive thing in my book.
5	I took my girl friend out for our anniversary to have lunch at Pho Cao.  We were greeted right away and seated at the window booth. We ordered salmon spring rolls and summer rolls as appetizers.  My girl friend raved about how delicious they were. For entrees we ordered filet mignon shaken beef and Pho dac biet (Pho Cao).  The beef was tender and tasty.  The pho was delicious--the best broth I've ever had. The taste of the beef broth is hard to find in many other pho restaurants.  The service was excellent.  The server Natalie was very attentive and came to check on us if we needed anything during our meal.  She even suggested the berry smoothies for dessert.  My girl and I loved it so much that we ordered another one for to-go.  The total bill was $38 dollars.  $38 is very cheap for the quality of food and the service we received.  We always spend at least $70 or more for two when we order appetizers, entrees and desserts.  We also learned that Pho Cao is only place open 'til 2:00 am for Pho in the valley.  We'll definitely be back to get some late night pho.  I would highly recommend Pho Cao to anyone looking for some quality Pho.
5	The people here are wonderful & helpful! It's a great location for me to get something really good at decent prices & they were quick(only 10mins). I really don't know Vietnamese food well, but the large Pho Chin did me well. WAY bigger than expected, all the fixin's separated (I ordered to-go) and that way I made it all to taste. I'd much rather do that than be surprised by too much or too little of something. The potstickers are huge & delicious. I can't wait until the next time. I'm gonna eat in & have a few drinks & sample an entree next! YAY! (btw-not all good things are "planted". I just think this place is great &I'm glad it's finally a business that's in that location & doing well)     ;)
5	I'm Vietnamese and this restaurant is great. The boss is super cool and their food is good. Go here for your pho needs. Oh and they're open 24hrs :D
5	This place rocks for cao! I've been here a few times now for the food and the Karaoke. The spring rolls are unique, they rock. I usually get the bun with extra meat and an extra spring roll. I love the people here, they are all really nice. It's just a really fun place to hang out. Definitely some pro karaoke goers here, but they don't mind the amateurs having a great time. Service has always been top notch!
1	I'm Vietnamese so I've had a lot of experience with Vietnamese food. Been to pho Cao 2 times. The service here is very bad. Bot times I went with a couple buddies and there were maybe 10 ppl in the whole restaurant. It took about 30 mins to get our app, which was the nem cuon..it was so so nothing special, the one at com tam thuan kieu at Mekong plaza is probably the best in town. Then we ordered our pho, it was bland! I can smell the anise (way too much of it) but that's about it. I couldn't even taste the beef of the broth. I tried to fix it by adding more hoisin than I normally add and siracha, but no luck.  I then had to ask for fish sauce to give it some flavor. Now its more edible. It's pretty bad if I have to add fish sauce to my pho. Oh, I also had to ask for napkins, the waiter brought our food but no napkins....twice! One time for the app and then for the pho. I've also had the shaken beef there the first time visiting and the flavor is good, only complain with that is they cut the beef too small. Shaken beef should be about 1 inch cubes bite sized, so u get a beefier bite each time. And lastly, they have karaoke! That's great! But it's a Vietnamese restaurant, yet they don't have any Vietnamese karaoke. Only English karaoke. I find that very ironic.
5	One of my new favorites in Tempe.  Great broth, eggrolls, and the fact that they have a full bar makes me want to come for dinner too.  Being from Hawaii, and having pho be part of my weekly meal, it's important to search out the best of the best.  This will definitely be my place when I have a craving and find myself in Tempe!
5	After driving by this place a hundred times I finally found the time to make it inside. Glad I did. The service was fast and the food was delicious. It's not on the menu but the manager said he recently started offering vegan pho and I got that. I don't have much pho experience to compare it to but I found it to be very tasty. I also got the tofu/avocado veggie spring rolls with peanut sauce. Yum! I was stuffed after that so unfortunately I couldn't try the berry boba, next time! The owner is really cool and told me they have live music and karaoke thursday friday and saturday nights and they offer food til 2 am. Sweet! Good drink specials as well. Looking forward to my next trip back!
5	Good food. Friendly staff. The owner is super cool. Full bar with awesome draft beer selection. Reasonably priced. The beef stew is amazing. They do karaoke several times each week if you are into that.  I love this place.
5	Great food, great service and pleasant atmosphere. I'll be back again and again.
1	I can't tell you how the food is because I didn't even get that far. The waiter came over with our menus and place mats. He dropped a place mat on the floor, stepped on it, then picked it up and put it on the table in front of my fiance. I asked him to please get us a new one and clean the table off for us and he gave an aloof apology. He came back with fresh place mats, which he tucked under his armpit as he wiped our table with a rag, using no cleaning solution (and who knows where the rag had been). He put our now-wrinkled place mats down in front of us and asked what we wanted to drink. We left about 2 minutes later never to return.
4	review for yelp- Pho Caodropping people off for a red eye flight to boston, i'd rather stay overnight in phoenix before driving home to tucson. so i went looking for an interesting restaurant. i found one in Pho Cao. just north of the university, in a bit of an odd building, well signed and easy to find. very nice inside, movable table/booth which is a big plus.attractive decor, very nice service, our's was with matthew. each got something different. i had chicken curry, alma had chicken pho and jamie had noodles. we shared a fried sweet potatoes. presentation was really impressive, fresh mint, cut chili and key limes. big bowl of pho, lots of noodles, curry was excellent and perfectly spiced.well recommended. nice place, glad we found it.
2	Eh...If in Tempe, go to Khai Hoan for Vietnamese. The only thing this place has is it's late night hours (open until 2a on weekend).
4	I've been to Pho Cao several times, all night or late-night.  The service is great.  Every staff member has been very nice.  The food is very good.  My only issue is it turns into a club/karaoke place at night.  I HATE karaoke, and having music that's so loud it's difficult to have a conversation is a bummer.  That being said...there's nothing better than late-night Pho!!!
5	First off all,  I am a pho restaurant junkie. On average I have it at least 2 to 3 times a week. Before, Pho Cao, opened up I had bounced around through a bunch of different places,  but now I have my regular spot!  My pho of choice is normally the lean steak or chicken.  They are equally delightful. Lately though,  I have ventured out and tried the, shrimp pho with steak added, which I would highly recommend for a surf and turf style.  I have also tried the bun and fried rice.  Everything is great and reasonably priced! If you haven't already tried this place you need to.  The service is very hospital and the owner is a delight,  thanks Victor!
4	I had # 17 Cha Gio (4 Crispy Rolls) The fish sauce was not so good. & #15 Pho Ga (Chicken Pho) - the Large and it was good. Lots of food. It's worth giving it a try.
3	I ate here on a rainy Sunday and the service was pretty terrible. Very slow throughout the process. The chicken pho was very tasty. The interior of the place needs a revival.
5	Great environment, fun happy hours, and great food.  The management wants to make sure you're happy.
1	If you want pho in Tempe go somewhere else! I ordered pho here and not only did it take 15 minutes to arrive--- I got the worst food poisoning I have had in years!!! I think they must have left the meat sitting out too long... Gross! Any of the pho places along Dobson are WAY better!
4	I really have nothing negative to say about Pho Cao.Their food is consistently good, they're open SUPER late (YAY!) and they have a full bar.  What really makes me give this place 4 stars, is the owner. He cares SO much about his patrons. I see him walking around the restaurant making sure that everyone is happy.  This place is his baby, and you can tell he's there to nurture it.Their food is good, the atmosphere is relaxed and fun.So - Have yourself a beer, a big steaming bowl of Pho, and listen to your friends sing some karaoke (yes, they have karaoke!)
5	This place has the best fried rice, egg rolls, pot stickers.  I'm half Filipino and have had my share of these types of dishes.  I tried the Pho for the first time here and found it very tasty, however I was not told about the different sauces you can add, and kinda went over board. I plan to try some of the variety of Pho they have to offer.  Be sure to stick around every Wednesday, Thursday and most Friday's for the Karaoke, the song list is the best, the hosts are a lot of fun, and they even play some of the most current songs in between singers.The staff, makes it a fun place to eat, drink and be entertained, thanks Matt, Nick, Jason, Ben, Linda, Terry, all the kitchen personnel and of course Victor the owner.
2	Came here at 11pm on a Friday night after work for some pho, and was greeted at the door with $5 cover charge??!!! Can't really review on the food because I sure wasn't going to pay $5 just to be able to sit down to eat and then pay another $7 for the actual meal.
3	Went here with a Groupon, and tried a few items on their menu.  I liked the wide selection of different spring rolls, and decided on the soft shell crab spring roll ($6) since I love soft shell crab.  The roll tasted decent, but nothing spectacular.  The same could be said for the salted fish and shrimp fried rice I had as an entree ($9.50).  It was a basic fried rice.  I was surprised to see that the "salted fish" was actually finely meshed bits of fish integrated within the rice as if it were a seasoning for the rice.  Although it just tasted OK, the portions of rice and shrimp were sizeable. My friend had the #2 pho bowl, which was a very large portion, but for her it wasn't too remarkable.The atmosphere here is kind of dark and uninviting.  It seems like there are some renovations that need to be done too, since there was a big leak dripping down the ceiling onto the booth right behind us.  Service was mixed.  Our main server, while friendly, was very awkward and wasn't very knowledgeable about the menu.  We weren't served any plates to go with our spring roll appetizers, and I had to specifically ask for napkins since there weren't any at the table or any given to us.  The server that refilled our waters and sodas was very nice and promptly gave us refills as needed though.  The soda I had, a diet cola (Not sure if it was Coke or Pepsi, $1.75) tasted very watered down, with not enough carbonation or syrup.  There was only one real dessert item on the menu, a Vietnamese style flan ($2.50), which was decent.  It had a nice creamy texture, surrounded by coffee flavored syrup and had ice cubes on top of it.  With the plethora of other Vietnamese restaurants in the Tempe/Chandler area, this will probably only be a place I will frequent if the other restaurants are closed and I'm craving Vietnamese late at night, since they are open very late for the last half of the week.
4	One of the best tasting phos in the Valley!  Very flavorful and abundant choices on the fillings - from tripe to tendon, flank, steak, meatballs, and so on.  Just the right ration of noodles to broth and veggies available upon request.  Very weird music selection (in a good way) - 80's and 90's music that seems odd in a Vietnamese place, but no complaints here.The minus 1 star is for the hit-and-miss service.  Sometimes you get a decent waiter.  Other times you get a stoner that messes up almost everything on your order.  Be more selective in your hiring and you get the full five stars from me.
4	Great choice for Pho!  I swear the wait staff has been different every trip, and the last guy was horrible..  But everyone else has been great, so I'll write off the last experience as a fluke.
3	Came here absolutely by accident a couple weeks ago. Cute place--looks like it used to be some totally random bar but has been hijacked into a Vietnamese place. We ordered vegetable and crab spring rolls, which were both delicious. I also ordered a banh mi, which confused the server--I had to repeat the order by menu number and say "Vietnamese sandwich". Come on, guy. Having lived in a couple of the best cities in the US for Vietnamese food, I have a kind of high bar for banh mi, but it isn't hard to give this one an objective review: the fillings were tasty but sparse--one of the great things about a banh mi is that it's a cheap but incredibly filling sandwich. This one was very light on the pork (which was otherwise very flavorful) and could have used a lot more of the pickled vegetable (which is cheap, so why skimp?). I'd also say that in Arizona of all places they could stand to make the pickle a little spicier; you won't scare an Arizonan away with heat and if I can get a hotter radish pickle in Minnesota, that's a problem. But the real issue with the sandwich was the bread. I could tell by looking at it that it wasn't right, and I could tell by tasting it that it was just plain wrong. Chewy, without the light crumb I'm used to in a banh mi. But it really wasn't until I got a bite without any filling that I realized the ultimate problem: the bread was sourdough! I can understand that the kitchen may not be equipped to bake traditional Vietnamese style baguettes, but a French-style sweet baguette should be easy to source in any major city and would be a much better substitute for the crackly, light-as-a-feather Vietnamese bread. I'm pretty sure if I were still a Tempe local that I'd be a regular here--I liked the ambiance a lot and I got a good vibe from the owner. But I hope our hapless server passed my message about the wrong, wrong, WRONG bread to the kitchen, and if he didn't, I hope that management reads this and recognizes that people really do notice when you get it right.
1	Ask yourself one question: "do I have pointy-tipped, serrated teeth powered by a robotic lock-jaw and the neck muscles of a pit bull?" If you answered no, do NOT order the banh mi (Vietnamese sandwich). Baguettes are supposed to be fresh, soft and chewy.  And it came with mayo, strange. I had to scrape it off to make way for the hoisin and sriracha. My rating system: food is at the core of any restaurant. An establishment can't budge past one-star poor quality food with even the greatest staff and decor.
3	Update to my last review: the management contacted me via Yelp the same day to apologize. Their chef mixed up the beef stew sourdough bread with the baguettes, which is why my sandwich was a disaster.  They offered to bring me back for another meal (on them) but unfortunately I had already left town. Kudos to them for taking customer satisfaction seriously! I'll try again when I'm back in town.
1	I don't even want to give one star for this.Just moved to Tempe and was really excited to find a pho restaurant so close. Was a little weirded out, nobody was there on a Friday night. Waiter was nice and we ordered 3 bowls of pho and I got a smoothie.Smoothie was made with expired ROTTEN milk, the waiter said "Oh, well I smelled it to check if it was okay and it seemed fine." He said I wouldn't have to pay for it so I ordered a drink from the bar instead. Took a peek in there and found a nice live bug floating around on top. At this point we were all sick to our stomachs, didn't eat any of the pho they brought out because who knows what is floating around in there. I told the waiter about the bug, he sighed and said "Oh fuck". I just told him we were leaving and we still got charged for the pho we didn't eat.All around terrible experience. Got to hold my sister's hair as she threw up from disgust when we got home! Thanks Pho Cao!
4	This is going to be dangerous having a Pho place this close to my house that's open until 2am.  I went due to a Groupon and now will be a steady regular.  The Pho is one of the best I've had in the valley.  I sampled it before I doctored it up with sauces and it was full of flavor and would've been great as is, but I like it spicy so I add quite a bit of Siracha and chili flakes.  I ordered the Pho Tai large which was a HUGE 50oz bowl with plenty of noodles and meat.  I also got the crispy vietnamese egg rolls which came as an order of 4 and were excellent.  The service was very good never had to ask for a water refill or wait long for ordering or to get food.  Overall this place is great I have not had the experience I see with others on here and hope I never do because this place will for sure be in my regular rotation.
1	Having lived, at one time, a few blocks from DaVang in Phoenix,my standards are high. My complaints about this restaurant are purely subjective. First of all, place was empty at 6 pm. Uh oh. Looks like a frat boy's basement bar. Messy and disorganized, smells like a frat house carpet the day after the big game. I am still forgiving at this point because we all know that a good Vietnamese restaurant is very sparse in the decorating department. Well, then came the food. We got several different soups. And I tried the spring rolls. My comments... okay, the broth was WAY too heavy on the cloves. I mean overpowering. Pho should have broth that is aromatic but undecipherable. The basil was dried and old, and NO CILANTRO!!! SO BAD!! SO we order some and get a sprig. Spring rolls passable but the peanut sauce was watery and tasteless. I became worried about  my heath at this time. SO unless you are looking for $2 PBRs at happy hour after the ASu games, needing Pho to sober you up before dodging Scottsdale police, If you want good Pho go to DaVang, Pho Thahn, Nam Sau, or Avina. NO SOUP FOR YOU!!! here.
5	I would totally give Pho Cao 5 stars. Pho Cao has the best Pho that I've eaten so far. I'm originally from California where there are more Vietnamese people and Pho places but Pho Cao beats them all. Besides, the Chicken Curry and the Bun Bo Hue here are incredibly delicious. The service is amazing. The waiters and waitresses here are super friendly and always have a smile on their faces whenever them come serve you. Also the manager Victor Cao is very cool and responsible. He always goes around asking customers if the service is okay and if anything goes wrong, he will always make it up to customers. I usually come hang out here on the weekend when they open until late and do karaoke. This place is packed on the weekend. It's a good spot to hang out and get to know people.The manager always come hang out and chat with me and other customers by the bar.
3	I have a history with this place. I have been here when it was just a Vietnamese Restaurant. I have been here when it was a Vietnamese restaurant and nightclub (lol?) and now I have been there when it is just a Vietnamese bar and restaurant! One thing that has been consistent all through though is the amazing pho they have here :) and the last time I was there, they told me they even have the veggie broth pho now, which I never had here before because they never had it before :) and let me tell you it tasted way way way better than all the other broths they have here. The service is kind of meh, with some of the servers even rude, but well just keep your fingers crossed. They have good ice tea as well and have some weird smoothies as well. They have an avocado smoothie lol. I had it last time, and I now I think they may have used some powder to make it (not sure if they would have used real avocados?). I dont remember if they had drink specials though?
5	A spacious place with limited but well-appointed seating on that last road from southbound Scottsdale Rd. before the 202 onramp. Full bar, great menu, and a good variety of beers such as from Shock Top, Four Peaks, Santan and more, as well as your typical yellow American rat piss beers. There's also a Pho Cao Ale, but I didn't get to sample it. I sure was curious though. I'm guessing they contracted someone local to make some.My friend and I ordered the spring rolls and summer rolls for apps, and they were beautfully presented and delicious. A peanut sauce was served with them, but they also have other things available such as Sriracha, another chile sauce that's spooned, hoisin, and a clumpy, slightly smokey chile. For mains we ordered the chicken curry (special #3) (specials are on the rear of the menu) and a pork with noodles (not as a soup). Very good portions! My friend's bowl was massive, but he ordered extra pork. I think his was Special #1. My curry was delicious and reminded me of tom-kha-gai with all that lemon grass flavor. The thin-bodied curry comes in a bowl with the meat and vegetable, and a dome of rice is separate with salt and pepper and lime that you pinch on yourself. Although the menu says green curry, it's really orange. Very tasteful presentations and attentive service. All in all, a very nice experience and cosy atmosphere. Pricing averages $8.00-9.50 for most dishes, with pho running $7.50 for a large. Cuz you DO want a LARGE, right?! Take-home soup styros are available anyway.Service was attentive or readily available. The main man is very nice.Inside Skinny: You have to ask for that clumpy brown chile as it's not presented or visible automatically. Also, fresh mint or basil available by request, FRESH DAILY! A few more dishes will be added soon, but for now ask about the "secret menu" and you'll be informed about those dishes. ALSO: Restaurant.com coupon printouts are no longer accepted!Some sneaky things have been afoot with restaurant.com.Call the restaurant to verify they accept your cyberkoopn.Maybe there's something I've been behind the curve of information about.....Anyway, I have no reason to give less than 5 stars, so that's what they get!
3	Got Pho here once and it was good!  Also had some tasty chicken wings and eggrolls.Not sure what's going on inside the restaurant itself, it looks like it used to be a sports bar/party bar and now they serve pho and sushi?  I don't think I'd try the sushi here.Lots of beers on tap, looks like a great spot for happy hour if you're near the 202 and Scottsdale Road in Tempe.
3	The food is good. The price is decent. The reason why I give this place 3 stars is because the inconsistency of service. It's literally a hit or miss. I feel like sometimes the service is good, not exceptional, but acceptable. And other times, it's just really not all that great. Another thing is that the servers seem very...mellow. Not that it's a bad thing, but when I go to a restaurant, I would want my server to be somewhat upbeat and friendly but I don't get that vibe from any of these servers. Overall, a good place to eat when it's late and you're looking for something cheap.
4	Some friends of ours invited us to celebrate NYE at Pho Cao. There were quite a few people, but it was not completely packed, which I enjoyed. We sat at the bar, and I admit, I didn't explore the rest of the building much, other than the women's restroom, which was decently clean. We ate before we drank, so my thoughts on the food is completely sober. I really wanted to try the pho, but knowing I'd be drinking for the next several hours, I knew I needed something more carb-loaded. Husband ordered the Shaken Beef, which was chunks of super tender beef, stir fried with garlic, onions and green peppers, served with rice. It was delicious. I ordered a stir fry noodle dish with egg noodles, chicken and veggies. Also delicious. Portion sizes are very generous.The bar is fairly stocked, with several beers on tap. Other than my husband drying out the Kiltlifter keg, drinks were perfect. The two bartenders were great, as well. Friendly and attentive.Our food and who-really-knows-how-many drinks with a mandatory gratuity was something like $130. Completely reasonable to ring in the new year with great people.We will definitely make the ~40 mile trek from home to dine here with friends again!
4	Have been here for lunch twice. The food is awesome and the price is right. The bar looks very well stocked, seems like it would be a pretty happening place for happy hour if the location wasn't so sketchy. Really looks like someplace you'd get stabbed from the outside but it's actually really nice on the inside. Worth the stop.
5	Woah this is a Vietnamese Pho + Karaoke + Bar + Live Stage combo, a triple whammy!The venue is definitely conducive to a good time. The selection of alcohol (lots of local beers on tap, large wine list, great cocktails) coupled with a bomb stage and lots of lounging spaces (leather sofas and the like) were great staples that took our regular night out to a new level. They even have a fancy disco ball lighting gizmo and a miniature DJ station. Did I mention this is a Pho place? The karaoke is intense. They have virtually every song imaginable nestled in a big black greasy book. They even have Tom Jones' Sexbomb, which is the sorta the soundtrack to my life and the only song that will get my ass on stage. Needless to say, we had a great time.The food was four stars tops. The Pho is solid but won't blow you away. I had the Pho Ga--Chicken ($6.75 for a small). Don't be fooled by the word "small," they have huge portions. Like, huge. The appetizers are good too: I was a fan of the fried calamari and the crispy spring rolls.-----Distinguishing Factor: So much more than a Pho restaurant. More like Pho-n venue.
5	Amazing Bar and Vietnamese Pho! Love that your first visit you can get 50% off your first alcoholic drink too! I have been quiet often for lunch but have yet to try to weekends when it is open till 2am. I plan on trying it in the near future to how well their service and bartenders are. P.S PHO here is delicious and their egg rolls.
4	This place is great and open late. It's always nice to have a vietnamese restaurant open for those of us who love eating late.
1	So I had to update my review because this place is SO inconsistent! Often times I get my food for take out and a lot of times, the bean sprouts and stuff on the side seem like they have been sitting out forever. The bean sprouts, onions, and green onions seem old and stale. I know I am getting take out but I would still want my food to be fresh... Like I said in my previous update, this place is good when you're looking for somewhere cheap.
3	I'd only go back to this place if I were in the neighborhood and it was the nearest Pho location. It's not quite the Pho I crave.The Pho was tasty but the portion was small. The combination didn't have all the combination meats that I expected it to have. I also had a taste of the Vermicelli noodles with pork. It was a small bowl jam packed with vegetables. Very very small handful of meat. You can get more meat in your vermicelli noodles elsewhere. The fish sauce was really sweet even when I added chili sauce it didn't quite taste right. And the bowl came with one roll of eggroll. Most other places give two rolls.
5	For the price it is good, compare to other Phos it is considered top of the chart. But need to improve on serving size for the rice with meat dishes. The dip sauce is excellent.
5	I was beyond impressed with my first experience here. So much that I would even say this is my new favorite spot in Tempe! The service was impeccable. The atmosphere was comfortable, with nice decor. Best part, the food! I ordered the Mongolian beef and it was perfect. I was with 3 other people that had also never been there before and everyone agreed that it was great! I cannot wait until my next visit so I can try the sushi.
3	I like this place and will try it again.  One of the biggest portions of pho I've ever tried to cram down my soup hole (mouth)
2	I really, really wanted to like this place. I've only had pho one other time, and was looking forward to trying it again.I went on a Friday night when it wasn't terribly busy. My main complaint was the service. First of all, our server kept coming back to our table, seeming like he was getting increasingly irritated that we were taking our time to order. I ordered vegetarian egg rolls as an appetizer. I'm not sure what happened, if the server just wasn't listening to me-but he said "Buddha rolls" which I assumed was some official name for said egg rolls, so I said yes.  Apparently I had just ordered spring rolls without even realizing. Sure, that was a miss communication-however it could have easily been resolved without telling me that I didn't order egg rolls (which I had). I hate to play the customer is always right card, but in this case-I have to. I had to practically argue my way to getting my order corrected. I felt like my server was treating me as if I was just lying to be difficult. It's really sad because our food was really good. I enjoyed my veggie pho and eggrolls. My boyfriend, who came with, enjoyed his meal as well.When the bill came, it looked as though our server had just charged us for the spring rolls anyway in addition to the veggie rolls. My temper had already flared enough at that point so I had my boyfriend handle it. Apparently he was "going to fix our bill"..well if you were going to fix it, why didn't you do that before setting the check on the table?!?!?! I don't predict a return visit, not at least in the near future.
5	I've been to Pho Cao many times and have always enjoyed my experience! My girlfriend and I love the PHO and Saki Bombers! I'm kind of new to Yelp and don't usually leave reviews unless it deserving and Pho Cao is as good as it gets if your looking for Vietnamese food that is priced right!
5	This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!! Pho Cao is a very friendly and upbeat place! The owner and staff are very helpful and the food is amazing too! I feel that Victor really does strive to make all his guests feel welcome by learning and remembering their names and making them feel so welcomed with every visit. For example when they started serving sushi there was one I did not care for and Victor took it off my bill and brought me something else. I am very big on customer service and this place definitely has it. This is my go to pho place and a place to just hang out with friends. Also it's where I recommend other friends to go for pho!I love coming here and I come here as often as I can and usually pick this place over other Pho places.
4	I came here this evening to get dinner after swim practice at the Sun Devil Fitness Complex. It's easy enough to get to from ASU, as it's pretty much right beside the 202, just a quick turn from Scottsdale Rd. Upon entering, you'd think this is more of a bar and grill than a pho restaurant, but it really is both of these. I was immediately seated and given a glass of water and  a menu. I ordered the soft spring rolls and the salted fish fried rice, and didn't have to wait long before the food arrived at my table. Both were very good and the food here is quite inexpensive, comparable to most pho places in the Valley. Service was fast and efficient, and I'm definitely looking forward to coming here again for dinner, as the quality and quantity of food are a good match for my hunger after the strenuous swim team workouts at the nearby SDFC. And contrary to what one reviewer stated in her review, this place is definitely not shutting down; in his response, the owner has sufficiently explained why she misinterpreted what she saw and experienced during her visit.
5	The food is AMAZING here and the kitchen is open till closing, every day! The staff is incredibly friendly. Friday night karaoke is a party. They have a dedicated room for their music events, with professional stage, lights and sound system. Like their page on Facebook for their daily specials and events.
3	Good...for Arizona. Moving from NYC I was looking for a great pho/bahn mi place. This is the best for the area, but let's be honest, that ain't saying much. Weird place, weird vibe, but certainly decent enough food to satisfy any cravings for vietnamese cuisine you may have.
4	I stopped by last night for the first Bluesday night jam and I had a blast. The atmosphere was great and the blues jam was amazing. I cannot speak for the food as I just stopped by on my way home to hear the blues, however, the staff was friendly and attentive.  I will be back next Tuesday for food and the jam!
2	Ordered some Pho, but the server forgot to mention they were out of some meat and served the meal anyways without thinking id not notice.They do have decent food, but i dont stand for dishonesty.If they would at least told me the meat was out before they made the dish, id actually go back.Still charged me the full price anyways...
4	I really enjoy this place! I have been a few times and I am always greeted as soon as I walk in the door and receive great service from there.I typically sit at the bar since I am usually with only one other guest for a bite and a drink and we always enjoy trying new drinks and hearing their specialties.  A few times, the manager (or maybe even owner?) has come out to to visit and ask how our experience is going.  I feel they truly care about their service and quality of food, which sadly is rare these days.The chicken curry is ALWAYS amazing, as well as the #28, Com Bo Luc Luc (which was recommended to my friend by the manager/owner)Never disappointed! Give it a chance and I am sure you will be back!
1	It was 10 minutes before we had our order taken. It's been 50 since we ordered and we still are waiting. People came in 10 minutes after us and just watched then get their food. The waitress is apologizing but very obviously insincere. Way better service at Unphogettable in Mesa. Don't waste your time!
5	I became an instant regular after my first visit.  20+ local & craft beers on tap, and some of the best pho I've ever had.  Has 2 huge TVs at the bar... I know where I'll be come football season!
3	Food is decent, not the best but will do. Atmosphere seemed a bit off or lost, service is slow and waiters are forgetful but friendly. Decent portion and price however.
5	This is my go to spot for vietnamese food! Not only do they have what I would consider to be the best pho in the Phx area, but they have an incredibly friendly staff & excellent customer service(our servers name was Daniel, who was willing to answer all our questions on the menu)I have tried both the traditional pho (#13) and the pho with rare stake & meatballs, and both are delicious. If you aren't in the mood for hot soup, they have a full menu with my personal favorite being the chicken curry. Like nothing I've ever tasted before. A fun atmosphere with good people. Victor & Holly are great people, with a wonderful local business! They even have fun events such as blues night & karaoke. Will continue to be a pho cao regular!
4	Pho Cao is like 2 minutes from Red Lion Inn & Suites where my family stayed for the night.   My mom didn't feel well from a 6 hours drive from Orange County. So she want Pho to hopefully help her feel better. We got to Pho Cao @ 9:30pm on a Tuesday night. The place has lots of students from the nearby college. The owner, I think, come & greed us & speak Vietnamese to my mom. He is very nice & was very glad to see Vietnamese customer in the restaurant. This is the first Pho restaurant we went to which has a full bar & band. It is really weird, but on second thought it is not weird for it is next to the college. Hey college students love Pho & alcohol so it is a perfect combination & it is the owner great ideal to offer both. The Pho was really good. My niece, nephew, & mom clean the bowl (see pictures). My mom said the pho is really good & it does help her feel better. Thanks Pho Cao.
4	"Don't judge a book by its cover!" This place was actually pretty good. We weren't too sure how it would be just because the place looked practically empty. But the pho was awesome! I will definitely be coming back!
4	Went here for a friend's birthday on a Saturday night.  Got there about 9:30p and it was pretty empty.  Sat at the bar and although the bartender was pretty quick to serve us, she wasn't the friendliest bartender I've ever encountered and there was something "off" with my drinks.  I was drinking vodka/sodas and they had a funny taste to them, almost like maybe there was something in the glass (cleaning residue or something?).  Bartender re-used my glass and it was less prevalent the second drink...Wasn't overly impressed with the place until I got my shrimp pho... which was PHO-ntastic!  The broth was very good & there was plenty of it (I ordered the large because I LOVE me some broth!!!)  The pho was some of the best I had, and if the bartender had been a little more friendly and my drinks didn't have a funny taste, this would be an easy 5 star review.The owner did greet us and even took pics of our group for the birthday girl, so that bumps it up to 4 1/2 stars.  I will definitely be coming back when I need my pho-fix!
5	Really good Pho!!
3	Place was decent, lots of room, there is also a karaoke room and a bar, however the food felt a bit pricy for a Pho restaurant. It's awesome though that the restaurant is open till late so it's not bad to stop by for a late night dinner. Food was decent, nothing to write home about, but it could of been way worse.The service was fine, he was a bit swamped due to a party going on at the exact same time, so I don't blame him at all. Overall pretty solid service, nothing to complain about in that department.I probably will come back if i'm in the area and want a bowl of Pho.
4	Decided to try this place on a whim, and it ended up being pretty damn good. Flank, tripe, meatballs, round eye...lots of jalapenos and sriracha. Good stuff. Springs rolls were good too! It's a bit of a dive, but I'm sure it gets lively at times. Only place I've seen in the area (admittedly, I haven't really looked) with pho...I'm sure I'll be back.
4	Great atmosphere and friendly staff. Only had a taste of a few items as I am a vegan but the non-vegans in our group really liked their food.
4	This is the first Pho restaurant that I've been to in phoenix - my boyfriend and I have gone here twice now- the food is good and it's reasonably priced. I get #13 and he always gets #1. He's never had Pho before and he loves this place! I think it's pretty good.  It's never crowded or super packed - there's always a place to sit and they have a huge bar and a bunch of TVs on the walls which is different for a Vietnamese style restaurant haha...a few people have commented on the smell of the restaurant and they must've done something about it because I've never noticed a weird smell. Overall I give this place a four stars - it's not the most amazing Pho I have had but I will probably go there again.
1	To be fair the service was good and the food just O.K. but just like everyone else mentioned the smell of the place was too much! It's smells like a dirty bathroom that was just sprayed with a very strong air freshener. Also, beware of coming after hours if you don't feel like being serenaded by very loud karaoke.
3	I am not really into Pho, but we go here exclusively for the karaoke.Try the steak with onions and garlic. The wings suck though. The bartender is pretty good and they always have Fireball shot specials. Karaoke night is the best night to go with KJ Mike. We always have a great time.
4	A great space where you can see a live band or sing karaoke as well as enjoy authentic Vietnamese cuisine.Owner is passionate about what he is doing and makes sure everyone leaves satisfied. If you have any issue ask for Victor he will make it right.Staff is super friendly and eager to help.
4	Very good authentic tasting broth.  I will go again
5	I read through these reviews and it is "Typical Yelp"  We all know that this is just a rant session for morons that have nother better to do.  Whether THEY felt the server was un-attentive or didn't get their meal in(what THEY felt) was a reasonable time.  Some people just like to be disrespectful because they are simply miserable people :-(Now for my review!   PHO SERVED TIL 2AM?   25 BEERS ON TAP!!   AWESOME!!!!!!!!I have been going to Pho Cao since it opened almost 2 years ago!  I have never had bad service there, unless it was busy.  Even then, Having worked in the service industry for years, I understand when there is a dinner rush or a busy event going on, a server can get a ton of requests all at once.  The fact is, most folks throughout these reviews are inexperienced diners and don't understand the  concept of (sometimes when the wait staff is taking care of quite a few people, you may not get your extra basil in the 30 second time frame you expect)!!!!I have never had Vietnamese cuisine before so i was skeptical.  To my surprise,  I LOVE IT!  My favorite dishes are the Rare Beef Pho and the Shaken Beef Entree ( i don't eat fish)   They are always prompt with service and the food is always piping hot!  If I ever need more basil, I just ask for it, not complain on Yelp about getting too little. LOL!The bartender has always been friendly to me.  Generous Pours and great specials too!They have Karaoke Wed, Thurs, and Friday and there are lots of great singers!  The stage is great an the Plush Leather VIP sofas are a nice touch for comfort!  They have a great lighting and sound system that makes you feel like you are the lead singer in a band!   If you aren't into Vietnamese cuisine,  they also have stuff like fries, wings and potstickers to munch on...  All quite good!!  Always hot and always fresh!I would not only recommend Pho Cao for Lunch or Dinner, i would also say that the hospitality of their events like their blues jam and karaoke events is 2nd to none!  I am very defensive of this place because I know how passionate the owner is in making sure everyone is satisfied and happy!I noticed someone writing a comment on the smell!  I know exactly what they are talking about!   Another Ignorant review!   In case nobody has noticed in the last year,  Tempe has been replacing sewer lines just north of loop 202 on scottsdale road, as well as along Gilbert Drive(pho cao's location)  Nobody wants to smell a funky odor when you are trying to dine, i understand that, but It isn't the restaurant's fault the air quality sucks.  Besides, Between the delicious smell of the kitchen, and the pleasant fragrances they burn, I've never had an uncomfortable dining experience there.   Any moron would recognize this is an air quality issue with only the city of Tempe to blame...  NOT the restaurant.   Once again, shows the intelligence of a Yelp Poster.  Shame on you!  :-PNext time you have a issue here, just ask for the owner instead of crying on Yelp.  He has always been there when I have visited and always taken great care of me and my party!ENJOY EVERYONE!!!  A+ Review!!!!
5	I walked down the street from my hotel on my way to a different restaurant and saw Pho, and decided to check it out. I love slightly dark,  understated very local looking spots and I couldn't resist. Man what a great call!! I walk in and my ears are hit with the melodious sounds of a saxophone jamming out on stage to some funky blues. Who would've guessed?!I parked myself at a booth in front of the stage, had a Tsing Tao beer, and ordered some specials off the back page of the menu. The spicy spring rolls with pork were crispy fresh, and the hot clay pot of caramelized salmon hit the spot. When I was done, I couldn't leave for over an hour because the blues were just too damn good and my stomach was too happy. If you're in town on a Tuesday for the blues jam or any other night of the week craving some bomb Vietnamese food, hit this place up!
4	The overall place I like. It had a little of everything. You had decent pho, decent drinks, decent service, random karaoke and live bands, sushi being available and the greatest thing, BEING OPEN UNTIL 2AM. Sometimes, it's a good place to hang out that serve Asian food during the night. I can't think of any other place being open that late and not being a total "bar" or "club" like atmosphere. This place is chill and relaxed but can get quite loud with the music.Come in and order a drink appetizer or pho late at night. Watch some sports or watch some bands or watch people doing karaoke.The service is spotty because of the relaxed atmosphere. So watch out! But it's really nothing to complain about. This is definitely a good late night choice for food and alcohol. ;)
2	I happened to pass this place one day when I was participating in a charity walk.  We dropped in for dinner and I was craving some Pho.  After browsing the menu, we ordered:Spring Rollshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pho-cao-tempe-2?select=lUd3JVjBaaHNThXiRBWV5w#lUd3JVjBaaHNThXiRBWV5wPho Tai Chin (Lean Rare Steak, Well-done Brisket), $8http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pho-cao-tempe-2?select=Kb4rBGIA6-qis_DffjERXg#Kb4rBGIA6-qis_DffjERXgThe Spring Rolls were ok.  They were cooked properly with a nice, crisp shell.  However, they lacked flavor....were kind of bland.The Pho Tai Chin was not good.  The noodles were clumped together at the bottom of the broth....hmmm, that means they were sitting around a while and then hot broth was poured on top of it.  It too lacked flavor.  Also, the Brisket was tough, not tender.  The Lean Rare Steak was good though.The Wine was cheap and was also of poor quality.Overall, this place was very disappointing.  The search for quality Pho in Phoenix continues....Return Factor - 10%
4	If you serve a good Veggie Pho you are in my good book. That's the only thing I tried at Pho Cao is their Vegetable Pho with vegan broth and it was just amazing. Add to this a very friendly and attentive service.. a definite 5 star candidate!!
4	This is just about the only place I know where you can get a bowl of pho late.
1	I've came to this place at least 3 times.. The first time coming This place smelled like straight up dirty ass Mop Smell... it stunk so bad that I couldn't even enjoy my beer let alone enjoy my food... the smell sticked to my cloths when I went home to my wife she ask me if I was in a porter potty all day .... so I thought maby it was just that day ... so I tried this place again WITH my wife to see if it would change, and also she sings..... but nope it didn't .... it still smelled like a really really bad mop... just gagged everytime I went there... Over all I'm never going there again cuz its just smelly and the Dj That was there I think wed night , didn't have any of my wifes songs and like the most commen songs as well... He was rude as well,, cant believe someone would hire a DJ like him. ... beware of the moppy smell and wear a gas mask when u come to this place
5	Best place ever. Victor is the man. Some friends and I had a party here and we were challenging guests: more people showed up than expected, we brought glitter and it got all over the floor, and we set up decorations all over the place. The staff was very accommodating and even offered smoke machines (which, of course, we took advantage of). They gave the birthday boy an awesome shirt as a present and let us bring in a dancer. Can't recommend this place enough. Great food, strong drinks, and fun karaoke on Thursdays.
1	NOT a fan.  I went here for Blues Jam Night with some out of town friends.  That part of the experience was enjoyable.  My friend is a drummer and had a great time jamming out with the locals.  The mistake we made was ordering food from this establishment.  I am not sure really how this place calls themselves Vietnamese food.  I ordered the stir fried egg noodles with beef, spicy.  I am 100% they stir fried some ramen noodles with frozen peas, etc.  It wasn't spicy at all either.  It was very puzzling.  My friend ordered fried rice and I really think it was the premade frozen fried rice from Trader Joe's.  It had the ambiance of a dive bar and I think they should stick to that genre and lose the "Vietnamese" food.Bottom line: the entertainment was entertaining, but the food was not good!
5	Great pork fried Rice and the beef stew was insane. Karaoke hosts are the best I've ever heard. Tons of fun. Usually open super late.
5	Awesome place and they open until very late! I was very hungry because I didn't eat dinner that day and I was able to make an order at 1am from my iPhone Yelp app. I went to pick up the food and the food taste really great! I totally recommends this place!
1	I used to LOVE this place, but it has declined in quality over the past 3 years. My boyfriend and I would eat here quite often when we first discovered it since it was not only delicious but had gluten free Pho as well, which can be a hard find. About 6 months into eating here I started getting MSG reactions to their pho multiple times. We cut back and they eventually stopped over adding MSG. Then a few months later the restaurant started getting a sewer smell. It was bad outside and even worse inside, to the point where I could not stay to eat there. One time our sake glass had dead insects in it (I'm guessing they didn't wash it out after months of sitting on the shelf). We've eaten there 2 times in the past 6 months due to all of this. Those past two times, the tofu in #16 has been cold in the middle and tasted old. The vegetables consisted of 80% cabbage. The servers were very slow to bring us our checks, so we decided that it would be our late night/early morning stop in case we were starving. The last straw was a few nights ago where the pho soup was COMPLETELY watered down. There was hardly any of the delicious pho flavors that give it its signature taste. All of these things combined has left a bad taste in my mouth. It makes me so sad to leave a poor review for this place because it used to be amazing, but it has a long way to go if it wants to be as good as it used to be.
5	This has been an awesome experience!  Not only were our pho and summer rolls the best we've had, Toan, our waiter, was amazing!!!  So polite, personable, and competent!  Yea, Toan!  Great, affordable wine, too!  See you in October, Toan:)
2	The place was dead upon entering which should've been a warning to us. Didn't eat here but wanted Vietnamese ice coffee. Paid $10 (+tax and tip) for two coffee. It tasted bland, burnt, and bitter. I threw mine away. Been to many Vietnamese restaurants here in Arizona for coffee and it's usually really good but not here. The best I had was in phoenix where I paid $2.70 for coffee and it was quick and flavorful. Never coming back here!
3	(Lyrics - Nirvana - About A Girl)I need to Bo Bites soonPho Cao, with some Pho to servePho Cao, thank you for this brewPho Cao, But I do have a clue!I'll take advantage whileYou serve me martini that is dryBut I can't see you every night. Karaoke........Pho CaoOne of the coolest Vietnamese restaurants in town!I guess it can be bumped up to the next level of awesomeness!  Pho Cao is located at the edge of the city of Tempe just north of the 202.  I address that simply because the restaurant is oddly located and can be difficult to find!Pho Cao is best during the evening hours because of the live bands and karaoke nights.  Hip and funky, Pho Cao provides entertainment and some cultural flare to your visit.  I'm a Pho snob so when I attended I order of course the Pho.  Overall, I thought it was okay at best.  It lacks the strong beefy broth that is pungent and salty at the same time.  Plus in the end, I like my broth super boiling hot where it almost burns my tongue. Yeah I'm pretty insane but I enjoy that!  In the end, Pho Cao is an awesome place to hangout for drinks.  They have a full bar and drink specials on a daily basis.  They're opened till 2am so if you're in need of a Pho fix or just drinks.  This is your place to be! - Enjoy!
1	Wow! If I could give this place zero stars for the extremely unprofessional and rude management, I would do so. After updating my review, the man who seems to be the manager sent me a message basically attacking me and criticizing my review. I'm sorry, I thought I was allowed to have my own opinions on things? Maybe if you weren't so busy obsessing over yelp reviews, the place might be a bit better with fresh ingredients and servers who don't seem like they absolutely dread being there. Definitely not returning here after this, the food is mediocre, at the least, anyway.
3	Nothing good, nothing bad. Service has gotten better.
2	As a self-described pho affectionado, I'll say that this place doesn't have the greatest soup ever.  Don't bother getting carry out, because they will cut down the meat portions to almost nothing which is a bit irritating.  Not only that, but they seem to consistently get my order completely wrong if I call it in.  I suspect it's due to the loudness of the place, but it's still not excusable at all.I'd say if you want to hang out, drink beer, sing karaoke, and otherwise treat it like a bar, it would be fine, but for a great Vietnamese meal you should look elsewhere.
3	My boyfriend and I went here for lunch with an Entertainment Book mobile coupon. This was my first Vietnamese food.The  Com Chien Dac Biet (Cao's Special Fried Rice) was lightly seasoned and good. (Although my boyfriend thought it was a bit skimpy on the meat.) He had a vegetarian dish which was quite yummy.I would give this place 4 stars, except they gave us a hassle regarding the coupon. After speaking with "the owner's wife", the server stated flatly that the coupon was only good on Pho. He continued this stance, even after I politely pointed out the coupon explicitly stated, "Buy ANY menu item and get one menu item free, up to $7 off." I politely asked twice to speak to the manager. My boyfriend pointed out to the manager the BOGO was good on any menu item with a max value of $7. She called her husband. Finally, they accepted the coupon.We never would have known about the restaurant without the deal. We were their only customers on a Saturday afternoon, (so maybe they should be nice to customers). We use the book regularly, and never get hassled. Also, the "manager" should be allowed to make a $7 decision.It was good enough food and fair prices; so we will probably go back.
1	Will not be returning due to flavorless food. We used the sauces on the table and still tasted bland. The noodles seemed reheated and stale. Not an enjoyable experience.
4	I love the food. Their pho and Thai tea were yummy. I came back many times. Sometimes it is very loud, so expect to deal with that.
4	great customer service. I ordered the eggrolls it was good. SECOND I ordered number one it was great also... the only thing I didnt like is the sewer smell...
2	Ok. So I just left this place and I must say the atmosphere is amazing and the music is great. They are also open late, which is wonderful because I stay up late! Unfortunately, their main point is lacking: the food itself. The broth was basically onion water and no amount of hoisin or Sriracha would make it better. And I swear that was mint and not basil.... I just think they don't know much about Vietnamese food. They should switch to something else. I have never not finished a bowl of pho. Ever. I also never pause when I'm eating it. Lol.  But this bowl was hard to get through and I didn't even make it all the way. The service also was not great. We waited like 20 min before our order was even taken. And when the waitress came to take it, she walked up and just looked at me with an expressionless face. Awkward. I ordered, and it took like another hour to even get just my pho out(which should only take 10 min), and another 10 min for my boyfriend's rice. He was disappointed too. 11 dollars for something so small. Didn't even taste like the Vietnamese dish. Anyway, we felt ignored all night and the waitress was awkward and emotionless. I usually tip pretty well because I work in the food service industry as well, but I just couldn't tip well. :/ I'm sorry.
3	When we decided to get Pho at 8:59pm we sadly found out that every single Vietnamese restaraunt closes at nine. Well almost all Viet restaurants, the one place that stays open late is Pho Cao which is open til 2am. (Does Pho Cao get it's name from the great general Cao Cao? We will never know)On to the food Pho Tai (Small) $7 - A little pricier then other neighborhood joints - A lotta broth - Not much meat or noodles Cha Gio (4 Imperial Rolls) $5.50 - Just your typical Imperial Roll - Pork, carrots, vermicelli - Not bad, not amazingThey have great live music! I thought it was karaoke people at first and thought dayum their pretty good.... then I realized these weren't your typical amateurs~ Overall come for the ambiance and flexibility of Pho Cao's hours and you wont come away dissatisfied.
5	Love this place!! The pho is amazing very affordable and who else has love music on Monday! Discovered this place thanks to a group I paddle on the marina. First came on a Thursday and they had kareoke.  Great time.  Servers are awesome and so attentive! Clean. But the best part is the food! You won't be disappointed. I don't drink alcohol but the do have a full bar as well.
4	Tasty salty beef broth with good portion and price. Unique ambience, might be the first pho bar restaurants with live music I've been to in my life. If you love pho, give this place a shot. I would eat here again.
5	This place is something else! And I mean that in the best of way possible! This place is not like any other place I have been to. Going around Tempe on one of my nightly Adventures. Looking for a place that's open late is hard to come by, stepping upon this pho place that's open till 2 am is a stop we'll make. Wasn't to sure at first, but hey minus well give it a try and may I say I'm glad I did. Walking into the place I was amazed. Cause it's not only a pho place but a bar and karaoke place! I was amazed, cause it's like killing two birds with one stone. I enjoy eating pho and singing as well so you can say the first time experience here was amazingly great. The good was yummy! And their Thai iced tea hit the spot! I added a scoop of ice cream in it and it was beyond yummy! I didn't mind the extra price at all. Besides the food and the first impression I got from the place. The customer service is great. We were seated by a gentlemen who had took his time to seat us even if he clocked out for the day. And our waitress was super nice, I just wish there were more waitresses out there just like her.  She answered all my questions and not once looked annoyed or anything just patient and understanding. If your looking for a pho place that's open late, fun, relaxing, and has yummy food. This is the place to be :)!! You won't regret it.
1	The waiter knew that this was our first time with Vietnamese food but still recommended the number one with tripe and tendon. My guest was very unhappy. We went to lunch elsewhere after she tasted it
5	Excellent service! The food is awesome and the coconut water is all over the top! I've been here twice. There is a karaoke nite on Friday nite! Good prices and not complaints.
4	Dinner here last night was very nice. We wanted something simple to warm our bellies and fill us up. Two small pho did the trick. One chicken. One vegetables. Lots of sharing. Happy patrons. Lots of sports tvs one with baseball. One football and two basketball. Looked like karaoke coming in later (we were early diners after 600 miles ) .not fancy. Not appealing from the outside. Friendly and nice on the inside. Lets go again. So many choices on the menu
