3	Halal pizza open till very late. Always a friendly welcome from the staff (a husband and wife team). Also has great wings. A little off the beaten path but worth it if you are craving some halal, NY style pizza.
5	NOM NOM NOMBest pizza ever
4	Tried this pizza out for the first time. This location is the old Tropicana Pizza at Washington and Rainbow behind 7-11. I like the owner being there 1st of all. I had pizza and fingers. I missed using the 2 for 1 but that was my bad. The pizza itself was delish.I had the sausage lovers with olives and mushrooms added on. The sauce is the key here. The dough is soft and chewy. If you are looking for that crispy bottom with a little bite its not here, but its still a great pizza. they charge a fee to use CC. One dollar
4	i work in the neighborhood and have seen this place for years, but for some reason didn't stop in until today.  i wish i had tried this place sooner! i was surprised to find they offer a LOT more than just pizza, like pasta, salads, subs, chicken wings and chicken fingers too.  so anyway i had the gyro sandwich and was really happy with my choice.  the gyro meat was not greasy tasting at all, and the sour cream tzatziki (spelling?!) sauce and garnishes were just right.  i will definitely come back to try the pizza or other offerings
4	I love the phillycheese steak sandwich and also the BBQ chicken strips my second favorite is the meatball sandwhich with jalapenos in it.. i dont eat pizza much because im lactose intolerant... at last have to try it one time
5	A well deserved 5 stars. The owner Frank always treats you like family. He really puts passion in the food he makes and deserves all the success.Perfect crust, well balanced sauce and quality ingredients. Try the Supreme Pizza! The Chicken fingers are super good too.
5	Best Halal pizza in town!
5	We had pizza and zucchini sticks, both excellent . All the food is Halal, according to the Islamic dietary requirements. My wife only eats vegan food, so we had a discussion with the owner, he was very interested in learning about vegan food. So now he offers vegan cheese pizza, it's even on his menu now. We like eating here as often as we can. Very conveniently located for us when driving to Summerlin. Definitely give it a try.
5	Excellent and delicious food! Every time we come to LV we try to eat here. It's Halal so the meat is clean and tasty. The pizza, beef & chicken burgers, fries, and chicken tenders have all been beyond great! And I love the service here. Very friendly place and I wish they were in my area so I could enjoy their food and great service more often. My entire family loves the food and I'm looking forward to eating there again soon!
4	I like the pizza ands the owner is really nice. I can tell he puts a lot of pride into his work. Tends to be a little overly greasy, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. It says it's halal, and personally i respect when someone is upfront with their beliefs and true to themselves.
1	Very mediocre. Basically it was pizza hut quality pizza with halal ingredients. Halal was a surprise to me, however. I thought they just had halal options, didn't know that they were going to sell me sausage and ham that had no pork whatsoever.If you are looking for halal pizza, ignore this review. If you are not looking for halal pizza, I would ignore all the other reviews, and don't expect any pork on your pizza.When I learned there would be no pork, I considered just walking out without the pizza, and writing off the $12. I decided to stay and at least try the pizza, because the boss was nice and told me I could have my money back if I didn't like it. I regret that decision. I didn't care about the money, I just want that ten minutes of my life back.I have nothing against halal food, if this place had decent shawerma I would probably eat there 5 times a week. Instead they have halal pizza.
5	Awesome restaurant ......must try for people visiting or staying here....The food is ultimate ... specially the pizza and wings.....The people serving are very nice and courteous .it takes time though but it's worth the wait......The food is clean as it is Halal.should try it you will not regret......
1	I will never, ever order from here again.I picked this place based on the Yelp reviews through EAT24.  I ordered the large pizza with fingers, an appetizer sampler, and fries.  I always complete my online purchases through Google Wallet and do so with this.  Order submitted at 8:11pm, 45 minute delivery time.I get a call at 8:40pm from a guy saying he needs my credit card number, I explain I already paid through Google Wallet when persists that he still needs my number.  I give him the number and again state I've already paid when he says ok, I just needed the number, they should have the food out in 40 minutes.  40 minutes?  But I ordered half an hour ago?!  Oh you did?  Food is almost done the driver will be out soon.I contact EAT24 because the card thing doesn't sit well with me.  After 20 minutes of negotiating with this place they realize I was being charged AGAIN even after I made sure and said I already paid.  The lady at EAT24 tells me they are refunding me and just confirmed it will be another 45 minutes.Ten minutes later, I get another call this time telling me they're out of fingers but instead of five fingers they'll give me 12 wings for the inconvenience.  Here's the thing, the deal comes with either five fingers or 12 wings, they're not doing any favors.  When I start to say I don't even want this anymore because of the extreme lateness, being double charged, and them not having fingers, she says she'll throw in a two liter for the inconvenience.  Whatever.Food gets here: pizza is cold, chicken is ridiculously dry, appetizers are burnt (all except for the mushrooms which I can't eat).  The only thing that tastes good, not just barely edible, are the fries.  I waited two hours for some of the worst delivery in my life.  Fantastic.
1	First time ordering. They sent a med instead of the large we ordered and there was a metal piece in the crust of the pizza.  We regularly use the eat24 app and trust what they have on there.  This new place was a total bust!
1	This place has some of the worst pizza I've ever seen. This was my first time ordering and I had a traditional pepperoni pizza delivered with literally 5 pieces of pepperoni on the entire pie. Hardly any sauce at all either, it was mostly just soggy crust. When I called to complain they told me that everybody loves their food and they refused any refund while cursing at me until I hung up. Stay far away from this pit.
1	They told me 45 minutes to a hour They took 2 hrs and food was ok. Nothing special. I would not eat there again
4	Had the Halal pepperoni pizza and cheese pizza, both excellent, great taste. Owners were extremely pleasant folks.
2	Rather inconsistent quality, hours, and options.  We work across the parking lot and many days no one is there at Sorrento for lunch.   Their hours seem to vary based on when they want to work.  We stopped frequenting there much.The food changes based on who is cooking.  I used to really like their garlic bread then one day they gave me garlic bread which was literally a huge crouton it was so old and hard.We work right nearby and at first they said they would give us 20% off then they said that was too much and they will only do 10% off.  Now, when I ask for my 10% discount, they try and tack on the difference somewhere else- "credit card usage fee".  Really shady.I am a business owner and know this is no way to treat a loyal customer.The salad I just bought today was $8 with garlic bread- but it's all ice berg lettuce.  It probably cost them $2.  I ask for the discount and the guy wouldn't even give it to me.  I should have avoided this place but only went because it is so close.
