4	The Caley Sample Room is a gem in the western side of Edinburgh, with a loyal local following and plenty of folk who travel a way to get here. The food wins awards, the beers and drinks are varied and plentiful and it has the best table water in Edinburgh (stuffed with mint, cucumber and whatever else they think will help).The architecture's a little odd, but that probably stems from its previous life as part of the nearby brewery. The exterior can seem a little uninviting and unfortunately it lends itself to smokers clogging up the doorway, but the pub opens up once you're in. The restaurant to the right has plenty of covers, set around heavy wooden tables that bring a feeling of tradition and quality. To your right is the rest of the pub, with a long bar that stretches into the distance. Good for a quiet midweek pint, or a busy Friday night, they host regular live music nights and other special events.The staff know they're stuff about the menu and the drinks on offer, which is all you can ask. Fortunately I've always found them friendly too.It's well worth your while calling in to the CSR if you're in the area - near Fountainbridge, the canal, Gorgie Farm and the other delights of this side of town.
4	I didn't eat here but the food did look pretty tasty, if a little on the portion-controlled side. The main draw for me was the beer.  Amazing selection of bottled beers and the draught options not too shabby either. Finding a seat on Friday night is a challenge and ended up grabbing a couple of stools at the bar.  I love Belgian Beer so was a very happy chappy to see various bottles of Trappist heaven in the cooler. Be warned though, what sets you back a couple of euros in Bruges is going  to be significantly more expensive here. Price aside not too much wrong and just about everything right. The missing star? if you're charging that much for a Trappist beer you need to make sure you're serving it in the right glass. Orval in a tulip bowl glass? Nope. That said, can't wait to return.
5	Decided to return for munchies and am now a true disciple of this place.  Lovely welcome from staff, great beer and very good food.  The fish platter impressed, as did the chorizo stuffed chicken on barley  risotto.  The vodka soaked berry ice cream Sunday took me to another place altogether. Really very good.  No wonder the CSR has won so many awards and continues to invest in quality and service.
4	My band recently played a very impromptu gig here supporting a friend's band. The Caley Sample Room has a very welcoming and friendly vibe. Within no time, it was packed to the brim! The decor is cosey and homely and I couldn't stop staring at the amazingly vast beer selection. The barmaid gave me a very very large measure of gin in my gin and tonic because she liked our set, I can't complain about that! I'd be happy to play, or just have a drink here again.
4	Given that is it actually a few hundred yards more 'local' to me than my 'local' I found myself in a bit of a quandry categorising exactly what 'The Caley' is supposed to be?Part Pub, Part Bistro, Part 'Designer Barn' it veers towards trying to be 'all things to all...people'.  What cannot be denied though is that it is a wonderful space with a crackling atmosphere when the numbers inside it rack up.The Staff are attentive, knowledgable and friendly in a way that doesn't have you worrying about having a 'friend request' waiting for you on Facebook when you get home.With more awards plastered around the place than Daniel Day Lewis's mantle piece, my expectations of the 'grub' were up around Saturn somewhere.  I have eaten there twice, lunch first time round when I was massively underwhelmed by a steak pie with a concrete top masquerading as pastry.However always willing to 'give a sucker an even break', I did return with a friend for dinner and both my Salmon and her homemade Burger with REAL chips were simple Bistro Fayre of the highest quality. So maybe I just got unlucky on the first occasion or maybe some more consistency in the kitchen is required?  I will endeavour to find out.Not short on 'wow factor' as you enter and a great hangout in the 'burbs' for those in the know.
3	I visited the Caley Sample rooms for brunch a year ago and had eggs Benedict, it was delicious. I returned here last weekend with Joe A. and I was pretty disappointed. It was pretty empty inside and the staff did take a while to notice us, but when they did they were very friendly and helpful, can't fault the staff.I ordered the chicken, mushroom and bacon pie, Joe ordered the lamb flank special and a side of breads and oils. The bread was very stale. I wasn't a fan of the lamb but it isn't my type of dish anyway. My pie was a little odd. It was basically a very stodgy shortcrust bowl with the filling, which was tasty, and a little puff pastry lid that looked shop bought and was cold and dry. The green beans with it were delicious and the new potatoes were OK, if a little under cooked.Overall, nice place for a drink and I might eat there again but maybe just for brunch.
3	Had lunch here in the actual dining area for the first time last Sunday. Our food was very nice with just the presentation of the mulled pear being a bit let down by the marscapone breaking up in the wine and brioche is not quite firm enough when toasted to make you fully confident about spreading parfait on it. The spicy Crombie's sausages they're currently serving are fantastic though.Service wasn't anymore than average. Possibly down to it being the weekend but we got sprayed twice, each time the table next to us was wiped down and they could maybe do with one or two fewer tables so as not to require staff and customers to need to shimmy carefully past them. A few apostrophes on their main chalkboard wouldn't go amiss either and I can only assume that having "terrible" as the tasting note for Deuchars (a Caledonian product) is ironic, albeit you could apply it to the price of a pint.
3	Good foodGood BeerBad when the football kicks out. Decent times to be had unless you pop in when there is a football game kicking out. Then it gets fuller than a gerbils cheek after eating baby sweetcorn.
