4	I ordered the spicy pork intestine with silk tofu. I'm from the south and like to think we know what to do with a pig - the whole hog - but this is one treatment for chitlins we should have invented ourselves. It was a perfect mix of contrasting tastes and textures. Soft, mild tofu and tender, chewy intestine were smothered in a bright red sauce of (I think) chili, sichuan pepper, garlic, and chili oil and topped with bright fresh cilantro and bits of peanut. The spice level was just right. Invigorating and addictive, with that numbing sensation in the mouth with the nose starting to run heat in the nose. It was so good I nearly polished off the whole serving which was definitely sized to share. I just managed to put my chopsticks down in time to keep enough for tomorrow's lunch. My waitress, Sandy or Shelly I think, was very nice. I will definitely be back!
5	New Szechuan restaurant with genuine Chengdu chef. They have a westernized menu, but for the good stuff look to the Chinese one. Dishes are authentic and inexpensive. There is a lot of variety to the dishes but certainly most are at least somewhat spicy.
4	I came here to try traditional Chendu Szechuan cuisine and was happy.  Squirrel Hill is quickly becoming Pittsburgh's Chinatown- I read a review that raved about the silky tofu and pork intestine - I ordered and liked it-  but felt it was too heavy on the Szchuan oil - it pooled in the pot.  I also ordered the fish filet in hot pot ( a Traditional Chendu dish) note it is spicy-be ready with the rice-  it had the same sauce as the silky tofu was good but again had too much oil.  The two home runs were the water spinach with fresh garlic and the shreaded tea smoked duck with ginger.  Was not as cheap as I thought based on the other reviews- Entrees were around $16 they are large enough to share.  Service was fair polite but they forgot to serve rice and were hard to get refills on tea and water- I am not a fan of the utility of plastic chop sticks for picking up silky tofu but like that they are washable - I love the traditional family style food, large round tables and the thunder of the pins crashing on the bowling lanes upstairs.
4	Enjoyed my end-of-year (now beginning-of-year) lunch there with my friend, Jeanette.  We brought a bottle of zin, which was very helpful in calming the spice.  We were told that the chef is formerly from Sichuan Gourmet.  There are several menus including an American Chinese menu, a traditional Szechuan menu, a listing of hot pots.  We ordered from the Szechuan menu and had fish filet in spicy broth, dumplings in Szechuan sauce, double cooked pork belly and ox tongue and tripe.  The ox tongue and tripe was the most flavorful with complex Szechuan spice, but it packs a wallop of heat.  It was served cold and the meat was very tender;.  I highly recommend.  The dumplings had a mixture of chili oil and soy sauce, which made them less spicy than I had thought.  The soy sauce added a sweetness to them.  The double cooked pork was served with green peppers and leeks.  It was tasty and very mild.  (The same dish from China Star is fiery).  Finally the fish, which was Jeanette's favorite, had lots of tender filets and spice, but not the same complex spice flavor as the tongue and tripe.  There were also chunks of what I think were celery and cabbage.  There are a lot more dishes to try, and soon they will have take out.  So we plan to return.
4	I'm a fan! Spicy and flavorful! Perfect food for a snowy and cold day like today! Authentic Sichuan cuisine. I'm from China so you can take my word for it. Might be a little greasy and spicy for those of you who have a lighter taste but this is perfect for me! My only complaint is that the waitress seemed unfamiliar with the menu. We ordered two dishes to share which turned out to have the same ingredients and similar tastes. The waitress should have offered some advice. Other than that, food was great. Service was quick. Portion size was big. Definitely will come back next time I visit Pittsburgh!!!
