5	This place is cool, they're full of really nice brands for good prices! And they seem to buy all types of clothes from athletic to maternity! Pretty cool :) Plus if you sell clothes to them, they give you cash. And the cash amount doesn't differ like other stores where you have to choose between a high store credit or a lower cash amount.
5	Great prices & a good selection of merchandise  means that I will be back soon to do some more shopping at this new consignment shop in the Arbo. The store has a pretty large footprint for a consignment shop and they have so many racks of clothes, that you need to be prepared to spend some time hunting for your next bargain.  I got a cute shirt for work for $8 and my sister found a great little skirt for $4!  Gotta love it!! Plus, they have several fitting rooms, so you shouldn't have to wait too long to try something on.  The employees I encountered were friendly & helpful.  I will definitely be back to shop and will be bringing in some of my things to sell when I have some time to clean out my closet.  So many consignment shops in town are over-priced, but this place definitely has some great bargains!
4	Such a fun store to go to. Prices are reasonable. Lots to look through, make sure you have enough time to look.  I found some great things here, all which were brand new with the tags on them.  You can also sell your like new clothing here. I will definitely be back.
4	This place is grand. A consignment lover's dream- especially if you have a taste for finding designer clothing. First time coming here I found a few Michael Kors blouses and a Tori Burch sweater each for around $20-25. Wasn't impressed with the fit of these particular garments, but I still walked out with a $5 tunic blouse from H&M, another top from a chic line I hadn't heard of, also $5, as well as a fabulous BRAND NEW wool hat from Urban Outfitters (original price $34, bought it for $6) and some spiffy new $6 shades. This store has a wide, WIDE selection of shoes, pants, tops, sweaters, jackets, dresses and handbags. All reasonably priced. I shortened this bragging by one star, as I am not sure what their buying policy is. I'll be back for sure.
4	OMG....Sooo much good stuff and such great prices!!! I stopped in to look for a dress, I left with a full bag of awesomeness. This place has it all! And such a good variety of different dresses, shorts, skirts, shoes and pants (some with the original tags still on them!) I could go on and on about how much I love this place! Just make sure you have plenty of time to walk through all the racks! I can't wait to return...
2	So, I hate to be the lowest rated review, however my review is based on consigning with Clothes Mentor, rather than shopping there. After three visits, I was truly disappointed with the amount of money they give you for your items. I have brought good brands, J. Crew, Banan Republic, Seven Jeans, etc. and both visits offered less than $30 for 5-6 items. Ridiculous! I will continue to consign my clothes at other Charlotte stores, that pay you for the quality of your items.
