5	Lindsey has been doing my hair for several years now. She is very intuitive. I never really know what I want but she is able to talk it through with me an provide a variety of different ideas of styles and colors for me to choose from. She is very understanding of my personal style and is able to help me choose cuts and colors that are easy for me to manage and that I love. I have been pleased with her work and continue to see her even though I have moved to northern Arizona and now drive 4 hours to see her!
5	I had received a Brazilian blow out at another 'high end' salon and that salon CLEARLY did not know what they were doing. Lindsey is accomodating to your schedule even will adjust at the last minute if she is able. My color and cut was exactly what I wanted.I have been looking for a stylist who knows how to use Goldwell color and she definately knows how to get the best color out of Goldwell.I would certainly recommend her to anyone looking for a stylist who cares about the work that she does and does an excellent job!
5	Do I look fat in these jeans? Should I stop talking so much? If you don't want to know the answers, don't ask Lindsey.  This is not a person who will sell you on a product, hairstyle, etc.  She listens, she takes direction and she knows her way around a pair of shears. But Lindsey is not going to sacrifice your coif for the almighty dollar - she will tell you if the $200 blowout service you really, really think you want is just simply not going to work on your head of hair. She is down to Earth, unflappable, kind, considerate and she has the confidence of a person three times her age.I have never been loyal to a stylist - never. And I happened to go see Lindsey on a fluke - she looked young, but seemed to know what she is doing. Once Lindsey started cutting my hair, I had a sobering moment. No one else was going to do this good of a job. I find myself thinking things like, "thank God she's young, because she'll be around forever!"
5	I was looking for a fresh perspective for my lame hair.  Been going to the same hairdresser for the 7 years that I lived here, and had an appointment to go back, then saw the HomeRun deal for LIndsey.  I thought hmmmm.....maybe I should try something different.  Lindsey took the time to talk through it with me and give me different ideas and opinions.  I really appreciated her not just looking at it as get her in and out.  My old hairdresser used to take on 3 or 4 other people during the time I was there, and I felt like I was in an assembly line.  Lindsey's full focus and attention was on me and only me.  She did a fabulous job and I was very satisfied with her.  I will definitely be going back to her.  The shop is adorable too!
