4	i imagine the food here is quite amazing but we came for drinks only. they have over 100 beers from all over the world and a great terrace! i had the peche mortel and la fin du monde beers. both delicious! my friend's mango margarita was pretty strong too. what gives this place 4 stars is that it was a sweltering night: 90+ degreses and our hostess lent us her fan until she personally brought us two glasses of water. now THAT'S customer service!
2	Here I am, visiting the second most beautiful city in Canada (obviously after Vancouver) and after a five hour flight I am pretty much starving to death, (that little packet of bits and bites didn't really cut it.)The crew decides to head out and find some pub grub, so we head towards old Montreal. We stumble upon Le Fripon, since it is one of the few places that has a couple of veggie menu items, and most pubs don't seem to have much. I order a cesar to kick off my vacation, and the pizza with artichokes, red peppers, onions, and other veggies. My cesar arrived and just by looking at it, I knew I was going to be disappointed. Cesars should have a dark red colour from not being watery and from the addition of worcestershire sauce. Then my pizza arrived. Can you tell me what kind of restaurant serves a pizza cut only in half that is stuffed with fries in the middle of it??? W.T.F? Ok. I know I am in Montreal, which wanted to be its own separate country and all, but are they really *that* different over here? Not only was it super hard to hold a giant half pizza and eat it, (because its blasphemous to eat pizza with a fork and knife), but the sauce on the damn thing was like a spaghetti marinara sauce. The sauce made the cheese slide off the pizza because it was runny, which made the pizza have cheese leprosy. I ate the fries, they were actually pretty good, and had half of the pizza packaged up for the BF to eat when he is hungover, because BF's can be like dogs and eat anything when they are drinking. Not that dogs drink, but you get the point? My bill was like $27, which was a bit pricey for such crappy food. Needless to say, I think that this place is just a tourist trap because of its location, and there is this horrible ballad singer/busker outside that pretty much ruined our dinner by singing a cover of "Tears in Heaven."
1	Worst run restaurant ever.  Seriously.  I know this is a tourist trap, but I'm from NYC and thought I could handle it.I came here because they have a pretty descent beer menu.  My boyfriend and I were seated right away by a polite hostess right outside.  We received menus and that's it.  That is where the service stopped.There were 3 waitresses running a total of maybe 12 tables outside and not a single person even brought us water, looked at us - nothing.We waited and waited.  I stared the hostess down and tried to get her attention from 4 feet away but she didn't care.  Only one waitress was manning a few tables well but apparently we weren't in her section.  I tried to get someone's attention, as did my boyfriend. A couple who looked like had been sitting there for 5 minutes longer than us finally received their beverage 20 minutes after we were there.  So after 25 minutes, we got up and left.  We couldn't take it anymore.  There were about 4 or 5 tables in the same position as us.  Didn't get to order, with menus on hand trying to hail down waitresses that were busying chatting it up and looking busy inside but actually doing nothing.  Believe me, I was watching.The food looked crappy and overpriced and the beers weren't worth the effort.  If I could go up to the bartenders that were clearly under worked, I would have.Steer clear or spend the end of days waiting to be served.
3	This place is in the popular section of Old Montreal.  We had our first Monsieur Croquette - who knew a ham and cheese sandwich could be so tasty.  We also had the smoked salmon which was very satisfying.  The service was good and attentive.  The best part is the location and the view from the patio for people watching.
3	Le Fripon is an all-around middling choice.  It was starting to rain in Old Montreal, and there was a cute hostess here, so we decided it was time to stop for lunch.The food was average... they had a wide variety of menu choices, but no real specialty, so nothing was great, nothing was really bad.  The pizza on a baguette looked more like a cheese-sandwich to me... I guess it just depends on if you eat it open-faced?  Also, the croque-monsieur looked exactly like the pizza, except for the added ham.  Our waitress was nice, but a little inattentive.  When we asked another waiter for something, he told us that "our waitress could help us" (in other words, "not my problem")... that was disappointing.Despite these, the patio was a nice place to sit, even during the midday showers today, the TV in the bar had ESPN on, and the full bar had a *huge* selection of beers from around the world, so I'll give it three stars.
2	Great beer selection, mediocre food.The mussels mariniere with pommes frites is generously portioned and one of the better items on the menu. The best part about Le Fripon would have to be their outdoor seating - they have a terrace right along Place Jacques-Cartier, which is perfect for people watching.
3	Came for the outdoor seating on a lovely summer night with our 3 kids.  We were seated right away.First off, our waitress was great - really friendly and helpful and anticipated things we might have needed with the kids, which is always very appreciated.Our food was all decent.  We ordered a Croque Monsiour for the two bigger kids to share, and somehow ended up with chicken breast instead of ham.  They were hungry and dug right in and loved it, but it was certainly not what we ordered.  We didn't say anything because the kids were happy to eat what they received.I got a salmon burger which was a little dry but otherwise decent.  Hubby got a bowl of french onion soup which he enjoyed but said it wasn't anything amazing.  He finished what the kids didn't eat for the rest of his meal.  Really we weren't overwhelmed by anything we received, and 1/3 of the order was incorrect.  The stellar service we received bumped the rating from 2 stars to 3.
1	Tourist trap... and I'm a tourist in Montreal, so I didn't necessarily mind that... but I was not a fan of this placeFood: croissant was decent and fruit plate was fresh, but neither of those require much skill in the kitchen, my husband ordered crepes and received what seemed to be pancakes warmed in the microwave (now, there is nothing wrong with pancakes, but if you market yourself as a French restaurant and list "crepes" on your menu, one does not expect cold pancakes... there is definitely a difference btwn the two!)Ambiance: the terrace has a nice view of a beautiful pedestrian walkway in Vieux-Montreal, cozy seating, lots of sun and fresh air are niceService: seemed to rush us (brought us the bill as we were still finishing)Some of the other restaurants on this street have a similar view and better food/service... try one of them
1	Look up in the sky....is it a french restaurant? A German restaurant? An English pub? Or how about a Mexican restaurant? Neither, this place was having an identity issue. It was however the worst restaurant I have ever encountered. Baaaaad service, warm drinks yummy! It was grimey and smelly. We were going to order food, but it looked awful at the next table.Hostess was hot.......but dumb as a stick. We ended up at MCdonalds.
3	We went for brunch and had waffles. The waffles are huge and really cakey. I personally like cakey, but the waffles were not well received by other people I was with. The service was excellent, very prompt and polite. It was kind of pricey considering we just got waffles and the bill came to nearly $35. It was nice to eat outside; eating brunch outside makes me feel real fancy.
1	I don't give out a whole lot of 1 stars...maybe I should just end it there! ;)Before I start I guess I should say that I should have known better to find a good lunch stop in the heart of tourist town.The service was terrible.  Pretty much the worst I have had.  The person seating us was great and we were off to a good start.  Then it took 20 minutes to have someone even come over to us.  The wait staff was buzzing around, avoiding eye contact completely.  We finally had someone come and ask if we'd like a drink.  Two of the people in my party asked  a couple questions about their extensive list of Quebec microbreweries.  They have a ton of selection on there but no description as to what the beer is like.  The waitress told us she doesn't know anything about beer and was making us feel uncomfortable for taking so much of her time asking a question.  So I ordered a few I thought they would like.  So a restaurant with dozens of specialty beers but she doesn't know anything about beer...10 minutes later our beer arrived, we went to order but she said she will come back to take our order.Now we are easily 45 minutes into our lunch and haven't even ordered food.  Again, it was obviously painful for her to come to our table and take our order, (table of 3 people by the way).  She said she will come back with more drinks at that point as well.  The food took an average amount of time to get to us and it was not our waitress and there were no drinks.  I would've like vinegar with my fries, but did not see our waitress through the whole meal.  Yes, our glasses were empty for the rest of the meal.  No water and no bread either...I mention bread because a funny thing we noticed, (with all the time on our hands), was that every table that the other waitress was serving had a basket of bread...none of the tables that ours was serving had bread.  That probably would have slowed the service down even more.I went inside to use the washroom, spotted our waitress and just asked for the bill.  As she brought it over I got the evil eye stare like I've done something wrong...an hour and a half to eat a sandwich and fries, (which cost $18 or so), no water, no 2nd beer...and I have somehow offended her.This is a bit of a rant, but hey...
2	5 stars if you are looking for a outdoor patio with good service and cold drinks for people watching along Jacques Cartier......We ordered the Fish and Chips as well as a Fripon Pizza - fries were pretty good but the meat on the pizza tasted bad funky and the fish was below average.  On a positive note, the service was excellent.
4	we happened to cross this place when we were looking for seafood in Old Montreal. They serve meat on a skewer suspended upside down! I have never seen such thing and it was awesome! Their lobster and mussel special was delicious. Portions were good for the price of entrees. Great place. Will come back again.
1	AVOID AT ALL COSTS!Our experience was very similar to Sean D's posted earlier. The service was by far the worst we have experienced in Montreal.Same thing as Sean: wait staff avoiding eye contact lest they have to actually pay you any attention. After 45 minutes and not even a glass of water; and having asked two wait staff, and the barman (who told the manager) if we could be served we finally gave up. On the way out I asked to speak with the manager to let him know. I expected him to at the very least apologize but instead we were subjected to a barrage of vitriol. He pointed to other people and said they had been waiting 45 minutes or more too, and swung his arm in a gesture to indicate many more like them - like this was an excuse. I told him it is ok to wait but at least some acknowledgement and maybe a glass of water would be good. He made some excuse in an overly loud voice, like he had an audience, that he was running around. I suggested he hire more staff. More rudeness, so we gave up and left.It was a shame because we had guests over from the USA, and while it was a tourist trap, we were tired after a day at the Old Port and figured it would work.That sort of attitude should not be rewarded.Never again. If I could give zero stars I would.
1	The service was horrible. I went in to ask for a table for two and the waitress looked at me, continued talking to her friend, and only after I asked again did she acknowledge me. After I was seated it took them a while to take my order, and by then I already knew I wasn't going to visit again. The food itself was mediocre, (might have been tainted by the horrible service). I would recommend going to Jardin Nelson across the street for good food and awesome service.
3	Came here with my boyfriend as we were walking by the old port, since the patio looked appealing. He had ordered club sandwich and for the price, it could have been a larger sandwich. I had ordered the mussels with fries and it was pretty good, the sauce was great as well. Service was pretty quick, no complaints there and the patio is very nice as mentioned, close to all the entertainment. I had ordered the locally made  raspberry beer and it wasn`t that great. Parking is hard to find, you`re best walking place to place or finding parking elsewhere. Traffic is ridiculous in old Montreal as well.
