1	I would not go here again. The doctor did not help, I had to suggest medication to give my wife. Then when I did he says"oh yes I had thought about that, but you know". Uh what? I would drive 10x further to go somewhere else. Bad experience with the doctor but the staff was friendly and we were in and out fast.
4	I was at this location on 8/24 to have an injured elbow looked at.  My experience was very positive, overall.  The office staff was professional, courteous, and very quick in admitting me.The wait time was VERY short, but I think I lucked out - Regardless, I was x-rayed, and seen by a physician within a few minutes.I would definately return here - They take most insurance, and the staff was very kind, helpful, and caring about my injury.Thanks!
5	I recently moved, and needed to find an Urgent Care quickly one morning. Being unfamiliar with the immediate area around my new house, I found DHUC on here. I'm glad I did.My visit was on a Saturday morning. Wait time was very short, even though there were a few other people waiting. I literally sat in the lobby for 2 minutes before I was escorted into the back area. The nurse was very thorough in assessing my situation, friendly, and after waiting for maybe 10 minutes (at the most) the doctor came into my room. The doctor was helpful, very friendly, and got me in and out pretty quickly. After this, I had to process my paperwork with one of the ladies up front. All in all, it was a good experience for an urgent care. Nice to know a place like this is close by.
2	Nothing urgent about it - only go if there's no other options.
5	I had no other choice but to go to urgent care yesterday when my primary care dr couldn't get me in for a double ear infection, fever and sore throat. I've never been so impressed by an urgent care. They have a great call back system so you don't have to wait there, they call you when the dr is ready to see you. I was seen quickly and the staff was very nice, knowledgable and thorough. I've been battling ear infections for awhile and Dr. Meyer could tell when she did my exam. She put me on medication that has me feeling so much better already. She advised me to see my ENT dr so I could prevent these reoccurring ear infections. I hope I don't have a need to be seen at urgent care again but if I do, I would definitely go back to Dignity Urgent Care. Thank you so much!!
5	Great Experience.  Went in for a semi embarrassing issue. There was virtually no wait, the staff was very professional, efficient and personable. Dr. Soo was awesome, he took the time the time to explain everything to me. I really appreciated knowing exactly what was happening to me and what to expect. Easy to find location and it was very clean and organized, I would highly recommend them to everyone.
1	Bad Experience, we will not be returning.
5	Wonderful experience!  I was being called back before they got me completely registered.  Would visit here again...although I hope I don't have to.
1	Although the care was sufficient, the front office was horrible.  they were rude and brash.  That was in April 2013.  Now, they are bugging me for an extra $125 because they billed my insurance as if they are an  Emergency Room!!!  Total Scam!!  Now they are making me prove I have urgent care coverage to get rid of the bill even though it was their "mistake" in billing my insurance that I went to an emergency room.  WILL NEVER RETURN!!! Drag my body down the street to another urgent care than take me here!!  Not worth the hassle!!!
2	I was impressed with their call ahead system. It made my wait time less than 5 minutes.  The administrative staff and nurses were professional and very sweet. My problem was with Dr. Soo.  I was seeking treatment for a debilitating, 2 day old migraine. He lacked any empathy and his choice of treatment was ridiculous. Tylenol?  Really??  I ended up in the ER anyway.  It was a total waste of my time and money to go here.
1	My boyfriend's little sister was visiting from California and caught a touch of a stomach bug. After vomiting for four days straight we took her here. The staff was very friendly and helpful, but the Dr. Who treated her was terrible. He kept telling us that he couldn't really do anything for us, that she needed to see a primary care physician to re run all the tests they did for the last two hours and then maybe they could help. I asked him for something for her to take to stop the constant vomiting and he proceeded to tell us that they gave her one dose of medicine that would help her for six to eight hours and then basically we were someone else's problem. When I proceeded to remind him she was from out of town visiting he looked annoyed, left, and a nurse wound up bringing in a prescription for nausea twenty minutes later. I have never met a dr who honestly made me feel like we should have been someone else's responsiblity.. I'm sure he might have had a long day, but the whole time we were there I felt like he was just trying to refer us to someone else rather than help in any way... Would definitely not recommend this place at all!!!
5	What a great bunch of professionals. Needed a work release, done by Dr Bowman who was on time and stayed while I was being checked out for any additional questions. Beautiful facility. I highly recommend it.
1	Hour and a half wait. Tried to talk to nurse and she just walked away. There's plenty of other urgent cares in the area. Try someone else.
1	Wow this place has no concept of dignity. If they did they would make you wait for an hour and 20 min to be seen. Seriously there is no one else here. Please show your patience some "dignity" and hire some employees who all treat patients with promptness. Don't come here if you need care that is "urgent". Because this is anything but "urgent care"!
1	Don't come here!  Been waiting 2 hours now with my 83 year old mother who has a broken hand.  We have sat here watched more than 9 people go back and now the waiting room is reloaded with more than another 15 people.  They are trying to tell me that everyone called ahead. So much for the words urgent and care. Certainly no dignity here. Horrible experience.
5	Dignity Health Urgent Care - Very fast prompt and great fast health care. Got me right in had 2 dr. there and friendly staff. Gave me all the RX I needed to get rid of the upper chest cold that I have had for 2 weeks. Even went the extra step to do a chest X-ray and make sure I didn't have pneumonia. Thank you for the care PD
