1	Worst company ever. They came to my house to measure my ysrd.  We have to call one week later to get the dedign, after they sent the design which doesn't include the features we told them. We called bavk, no answet, emailed back. No answer.  One more week, we emailed again   we told them we will go someone else if they don't get back to us with the appointment.  DAVID, that is the guy, he said they only want to work with customers they wsnt!!!You don't follow up. You don't provide customers service,  I will never recommend this company.  Hope the owner can see this review. If they blow away all the customers, good luck with your business !!!!!
4	First the pros. The quality of the work done was nothing short of perfect!  Every single thing was done by what were obviously experienced people. The bid was very competitive and this was the only pool company that actually called back after the estimate to see if we wanted to pursue our build. Dave is a very straightforward guy and does what he says he is going to do. All the equipment installed is top quality. The cons. The main reason we didn't go with a five star was the construction period communication. A lot of this was because we didn't know what to expect next. Crews would show up and do a part of the job, and then we wouldn't see anybody for a period of time. When we called to try and find out, often there wouldn't be great communication. Dave explained that a lot of that was out of his hands because of sub contractors schedules. We understand that. We missed our target completion date by 37 days. We highly recommend this builder. Try and get your completion date in writing no matter who you choose to build your pool.
3	I am currently in construction with this company so I don't have an overall "final" opinion yet. Thus, far there have been several communication problems with David, so bad that I am only dealing with the owner Michael at this point...on advice of my Loan company. I will post final comment on work once job is complete. I would definitely recommend only dealing with Michael if going with this company. Let's see if they can redeem themselves!?
3	Have to downgrade my review. Contractor never returned our last call, and hasn't called once to see if everything is working okay. Also, I found out that builders are supposed to give you a startup. I had to get the salt and the PH on my own.  It's too bad because they are nice folks.
2	So, after all is said and done I would have to say use this company cautiously. I did most of the dealing with them as my husband works a graveyard shift. Both David and Michael are very condesending when they speak to you, I started to feel as though it was because I was a female. It was so bad, I had to have my Uncle on hand during the meeting to turn over the pool because I didn't want any trouble...and let me tell you it made a huge difference! I have had to call them once since completion of the pool because my timer broke and spoke to Michael who again initially was very condescending (as if I had no idea what I was talking about) after explaining that my pool guy , who was not an 18 year old boy (yes, I had to actually explain this to him) also looked at the timer and said it was broken he then promplty sent someone to repair it...so that was nice. I may have purchased a "low-end" pool compared to what some people will put into their yards, but it was still a lot of money and you expect a higher level of service for big purchases..plain and simple. The pool itself we are very happy with so far.
