5	After moving into our home we were bombarded with pest control companies. Their prices were ridiculous and their sales tactics annoying. I called Hoppers and found great prices and service. They are a husband/wife team and are so pleasant and professional. I have had some odd things occur at my home and Hoppers have resolved each issue quickly and the first time. I really appreciate that I don't have to make call after call to fix a problem and they work around my schedule.
5	We have been using Hopper Pest Control since we moved to AZ from out of state in June of 2012.  Being new to the AZ climate, we had tons of questions concerning scorpions, roaches, snakes, etc.  They been so great about answer every question and so patient with us!  Both Mike and Tyre are professional, but very friendly and they want to make sure the job is done right.  Recently, they have also started doing landscape maintenance.  Just yesterday they came for our monthly pest control and we asked them to trim some out-of-control shrubs; they did an amazing job and were at our house for 5 hours getting it done.  We have truly appreciated that they are hardworking people that go above and beyond!  I cannot say enough great things about them and highly recommend using Hopper Pest Control.
5	I just called these guys talk about customer service, they were excellent
5	I called Hopper pest Control yesterday, and they were her this morning. They are great and very friendly. I will be using them every month. Very reasonably priced and NO contracts. Call them 602-908-6765
5	When I bought my house I was going to activate my suspended contract with the company I used in Ohio. Hopper was recommended to me by a work associate so I called them. They came out the next day so the entire house could be treated before I moved my stuff in. Ty came when she said she would and explained what she would treat for and what I should look for since I am new to Arizona.  They are very reasonably priced and I was not required to sign a contract.  They contact me each month and we set up a convenient time for both of us.  I highly recommend Hopper Pest Control!!!
