5	If you're a fan of Macy's INC brand, this is the Macy's you need to hit up.  Confirmed by a manager there, this location at Fiesta Mall has the largest inventory and highest sales volume.  I adore this brand because my entire wardrobe consists mainly of brightly colored retro-looking dresses made by INC that I can throw in the washing machine.  Also, Macy's merchandise is constantly on sale and if you find something you like but don't want to pay full price for, just come back a few weeks later and you can get it 25-65% off.
3	I love Macy's stores but this poor thing needs a face lift...and a deep clean. Besides the fact that this location is stuck in a mall that's slowly dying, the store needs to be emptied and re-organized. If I can't make it to another location I'll stop here but I know I won't get the same variety I normally could.
3	A little unsatisfied with the selection but they did manage to have the steamer that I was looking for. Macy's is open until 11pm for the holidays, so if you desperately feel the urge to shop late, this is the place to be apparently.
1	Saw the perfect Valentine's Day gift for my spouse, and trekked off to macy's to see if I could find it.  Told the clerk at the jewelry counter what I was looking for, and after she reviewed the inventory, informed me that they were currently out of that item.  Since she wasn't sure when they would be getting any more in . . . she suggested purchasing it on line.Not a rookie when it comes to ordering on-line, I decided that would be the best way to obtain the gift.  Placed the order, paid for the express shipping . . . and here were are two days before Valentine's Day, and still no gift in hand.  It has been a week since I ordered it, and the UPS tracking says that delivery should be tomorrow.After an hour on the phone with customer service to see what the problem with the express shipping was and could I get a refund since I seem to have been sent normal delivery . . . I was told that Macy's does not refund shipping fees, because once it leaves their warehouse, they are no longer responsible.  Was instructured to contact UPS and complain.Whatever happened to customer service.
4	My mom dragged me to Macy's the day after Thanksgiving.... NO!!!  The crowds.  My mom, YES....the sales.  We got there at 5pm.  Not a lot of people.  She was happy that they still had deals.  She bought a lot of Christmas gifts and saved too.  I found a sweater for myself for $14.99 and then I have a $10 coupon.  I paid around a little over $5.  Sweet!  Employees were hard to find in the store...
5	Today at this Macy's storewide clearance sale I found myself in a long line leading to a cashier/salesperson I recognized from previous visits.  When I had arrived at the store first thing in the morning, I had been focused on finding bargains, but seeing someone who had always been particularly courteous and helpful in the past brought me up short with the human toll of this store's upcoming closing.  After making my purchases, I looked at the receipt and hoped to find the cashier's name and a telephone number for a survey.  No luck.  I tried to find a manager in the HR department.  No luck. All I could think to do was to go back to housewares and ask the salesperson his name, which turned out to be Bill.  I hope that management knows what a valuable employee Bill is, and I'll hope to find him in the future in the Housewares Department of another nearby Macy's.
3	Weird to me that Macy's is closing. I personally think that it's located in a mall where there isn't a lot of people that can spend  that kind of money. My boyfriend and I went here to check out all the deals but we weren't really impressed. Hopefully they'll have bigger and better sales later on but I did hear that this weekend was the last for all the sales.
4	I went into this Macy's due to a huge clearance sale they were having.  Unfortunately, this location is closing, but I got some good stuff for a good price.
2	This Macy's is going out of business, so prices were slashed 50-70% off "retail." However, when I checked the sale price against the Amazon price, the difference between the two was so slight I felt it wasn't worth it. I also noticed that the Macy's "retail" price was raised considerably compared to the Amazon retail price- very suspicious!We went to the rug section to browse the different sizes and styles, and the associate there had the gall to insinuate that I can't afford their items by saying that I shouldn't waste my time on the rugs further down the pile because they were more expensive. Based on my experience here, no wonder they are going out of business!
