1	It's 2 for 1 review day!  I can't review the Walmart without reviewing the McDonald's that resides inside.  And boy is it some tantalizing stuff.I try not to give too many 1-star reviews but this McDonald's so deserves it.  I hardly frequent a McDonald's at all (although this is my second McDonald's review in less than a week) but I need to let the peeps in on this one.  No Yelper should go unwarned.  Of course I came to McDonald's since I have those coupons for their new contraption, the McWrap.  Which when I pronounce very fast and in my Scottish accent sounds much like 'McCrap'.  After my second go round with this thing, I have made up my mind it is decidedly so.  I need to write McDonald's execs to change the name on this thing immediately.My coupon for the day was buy a medium fries and a medium drink, get a McWrap of your choice for FREE.  I have a hard time resisting free.  I'm here to tell you...WORST ALMOST FREE MEAL OF MY LIFE!!!  Seriously.It was the tail end of lunchtime so the line was still a bit busy.  I patiently waited for almost 10 minutes...which is like forever in McDonald's time.  At least two folks left the line while I was there.  I know it's not McDonald's fault, but the couple in front of me took up majority of the line space because they were in motorized wheelchairs.  And they were very loud.  This doesn't bother me much.  But...they were also very stinky.  Yes, stinky.  I have no problem with stinky in most cases (I occasionally help the homeless so I know) but the guy in front of me hadn't washed in DAYS if I were to guess.  To each his own, and I know it's almost summer so I know we all want to save water...but DAMN.  If I get a whiff and I have to take a step back?  You might be S-T-I-N-K-Y.  But who am I to judge?  I took a big step back and waited my turn.  Free is the motivation here.  I finally get up there to the McDonald's cashier and present my coupon to the guy.  He takes a look at it and says 'We don't usually take the promo coupons at this location but we'll let you use it."  Then he proceeds to put the coupon onto a stack of...more coupons!  Mind boggling to say the least.  He takes my order of a medium fries and medium drink, asks me what type of McWrap I want (Grilled Chicken & Bacon) and rings me up.  $2.91 later I'm given my receipt and asked to wait for my number to be called.I wait.  And wait.  #1!  #2!  #3!  #5!  #6!  #7!  #8!  Obviously I'm #4 and 10 minutes later I am still waiting.  Honestly, what the Hell are you guys doing back there?  Mixing the masa for my fresh pressed tortilla?  Feathering a chicken?  Perhaps ripening a tomato?  I ask the McDonald's runner and he tells me, "We're waiting for your McWrap."  Of course.At this point I'm almost running late to be back at work, so the minute I get my order I bolt back to the office and have lunch at my desk.  Thankfully I'm only three minutes away.  I really, really should have just gone to the vending machine or eaten my stash of Reese's chocolate peanut butter eggs from last Easter.  Talk about disappointment!  I take out my McWrap from my bag and lay down the box of fries on my desk.  I continue working while munching away on what is supposed to be McDonald's claim to fame.  Their golden fries.  I bite into one, eh a bit stale.  I bit into another one, eh not enough salt.  I bite into yet another one, eh cold??  I look down, and whaddaya know?  My damn fry is not even barely cooked!  White like Olivia Wilde in the winter.  I look through the entire box and find at least half a dozen fries not cooked properly!  Not golden brown!  Not delicious!  Barely out of their frozen state, and just limp.  Not acceptable!  Please check my pic for proof of this travesty.  McDonald's not doing their fries right is like IKEA not serving their Swedish Meatballs with gravy.  NO BUENO.After getting over this somewhat I finally hit my stride to go on to my Grilled Chicken & Bacon McWrap.  Wow, talk about lightning striking twice.  This thing was lifeless!  After unwrapping this beast (the box is still the best part about this McWrap), I could just tell something was off.  Tortilla was already showing signs of being soggy way too long.  The chicken peeking out of the top was not looking tip top shape either.  After some hesitation, I took a bite.  UGH I say, UGH!  Freshness was not part of the gameplan for this McDonald's today.  All cold and soggy!  And upon all, my McWrap wasn't built correctly!  Instead of having Spring Mix like it's supposed to, there was plain old shredded iceberg lettuce!  And my bacon was missing!  In the words of our Lord Darth Vader....NOOOOOOOO!  It was McCrap through & through.  Totally upset over this one.  I have picture proof of this travesty of gourmet eats as well.  McDonald's you have pissed off the wrong fatty.  I will definitely be calling your hotline to complain about this one for sure.  Knowing my luck I'll get a coupon for a free McWrap.  CRAP.
2	Discusting & Dirty!!!  If it weren't for my Gson I would have left. I took pictures I hope you can see what's going on here.
2	The sweet tea and fries are always good but everything else on this menu at this location is meh the burgers are arguably the worst I had at any McDonald's sadly
