5	One of the best shops Ive been to and Ive been to a lot. The guys are super chill (especially Easy and Jimi) the shop is super clean. Top notch all around. Love this place recommend it to everyone.
4	Great pricing, friendly and helpful. Needed help changing out my lip ring and they helped me right away. I was in and and our in 10 mins. Looking forward to meeting some of their artists for my next tattoo.
5	Received great work from Dave before he founded Wild Oats. The artists he brought with him were incredibly talented, as I'm sure are any he's added since. Everyone is easy to get along with and very friendly.
5	This shop does excellent work at reasonable prices. there are many talented artists working here & everyone is super friendly & helpful. I will be back for many more Tattoos. Highly recommend to anyone.
5	Grant has pierced my nose twice. Always very nice and very professional. Also couldn't complain about the price. I was in and out in about 10 minutes. Great place.
5	My friend took me here to get my cartilage pierced. Everything was super clean and my ear (now one week later) is great. I was nervous and the guy that pierced my ear was really relaxed which made me less nervous. The piercing went well and wasn't painful at all. I got a sheet with all the info of how to keep it clean, when it should be healed, and when I could change the ring into a different ring/stud. I love the placement of my cartilage and will come again for my midway later. My friend had her nose pierced here (few months back) and her front helix, along with a tattoo - she is very pleased with everything! We both highly recommend this place for anything you are considering!
5	Super clean and friendly. Was very welcoming and open atmosphere.  Came in on vacation and have this thing of getting tattoos when I visit new place. At first I was super indecisive of what to get because nothing out here really stuck out to me so I spoke to he receptionist/piercer and he was super flexible and forward on pricing (inexpensive but great quality of work) and set me up with an artist that he felt fit for what I was asking for. the artist that did my tattoo was named easy and he literately easy to work with and super friendly and great at conversation (most artist do there own thing and not really have conversation with you). I'd definitely come back here if I ever come back to town.
