5	5 stars for a  Doctor?  Yup , got to do it!  Well  Allergy season seems to be upon us and it's time to get our ducks in a row so to speak for easy breathing.  When I say we ,my daughter and I have been patients here for nearly 8 years.They did a great job identifying our allergies , getting my daughter's asthma in check and providing great information.Tired of sinus infections , asthma attacks and other silly nasal stuff? Time to see these folks. Their Physicians assistants do an excellent job  and provide very capable education as well as free samples to get you started on medication right away. Nearly every time I call for an appointment I get in the same day at one of their 3 locations. They keep long hours so my daughter doesn't have to miss school to be seen.  Very thorough  and very helpful.  Great advice and service.
4	Dr. Erdos takes good care of my family and understands our complex medical needs.
4	I have to be the most challenging patient...having to eat only rice on an elimination diet...allergic to several foods & mold. My doc is really a good guy. I see him at least once a week. Been going for almost a year. I would highly recommend this clinic for anyone, bcuz these docs spend their time with their patients. They r very patient and understanding - however, they don't specialize in complicated cases, but a great clinic.
5	My daughter had been quite sick earlier in the year and her pediatrician referred us to Arizona Astman & Allergy. She has since been diagnosed with asthma and after a scratch test turns out she is allergic to just about everything out here. She is on a regimen of medications to manage her asthma and allergies. It is amazing how much better she is doing. She plays soccer about 8 months out of the year so she is constantly being exposed to things she is allergic to and doing a lot of running. She is playing harder than she did last year and I can't help but give Dr. Jorgensen credit where credit is due. The only thing about our initial visit that seemed strange was just how long it took the appointment was taking. I found out before we left that the reason it took so long was because there was a patient having a severe asthma attack that had to be treated right away and then sent to the ER. This is not a complaint by any means. In fact, it is reassuring that if I were in there with my daughter under those circumstances it is comforting to know that she would be taken care of.
5	I have been plagued with life long allergies and as wonderful as aging is, the allergies seem to be worsening.  My best friend recommended this practice and specifically Dr. Erdos to me.  Prior to going there, I had seen my primary doctor, an ENT and another allergist who put me through allergen testing in case I wanted to start allergy shots even though I told her on the first appointment that I didn't want allergy shots.  Dr. Erdos is kind, thorough, friendly and listens.  He seems to be very "current" which I appreciate.  My first experience was at the Mesa office.  Everyone was extremely nice but it was terribly slow.  I was there for 2 hours just for an evaluation.  My second experience was at the Scottsdale office and that was much more efficient.  Prior to leaving, you get a print-out of the recommendations, prescriptions, and directions discussed during the appointment.  THIS IS FANTASTIC.  If you're sick and experiencing meth-like shakes from too much sudafed, it is so helpful to be able to review these notes later.  Thank you Dr. Erdos and Arizona Asthma and Allergy Institute!
1	I recently moved out of state and my Flonase prescription ran out.I called their office to have the prescription filled where I was locally, I was told a nurse would call me back. I get a call within a half hour from the nurse and instead of writing me a refill, the nurse stated they would only write me a refill if I made an appointment to see the doctor.I guess, Dr. Erdos is only about making money and not making sure his patients are taken care of.Truly unfortunate!
5	AAAI is by far the best medical group in Az! Unfortunately I have had a lot of experiences with many different offices because I have had a lot of medical problems that require numerous different specialists. I have had way too many bad experiences with doctors and other staff at most other offices so I don't trust in or recommend many docs at all. I haven't ever come across any other offices that I feel even remotely as confident in. I highly recommend all of their locations, doctors and staff for anyone who suffers from breathing conditions like asthma, environmental allergies, food allergies and even for other things like strange rashes. They strive to provide an atmosphere where each patient feels comfortable, even when discussing the uncomfortable. All of the staff is kind and caring. I have felt uncomfortable and like I was being judged at almost every other practice I have been to because I have so many health issues at a young age I am often treated like a crazy person making it all up. I've never felt anything like that at AAAI.They take their time with each patient listening to all concerns, and answering all questions without making you feel rushed or unsure about what is going on. When you first establish as a new patient or are a current patient starting a new medication, therapy or treatment the docs and medical assistants spend as much time as needed training you and even family on all aspects of their care. This includes knowing when treatment is necessary and the proper way to do the treatment for each specific condition and make sure you fully understand and can do it correctly before you leave. I say this because I know first hand as a patient and as a former employee. I was a medical assistant for the Scottsdale location from 2006-2008 when I had to leave due to my health but I have been a patient since then because I am confident that I will get the best care from them. The staff, not just docs, undergo continued education and testing to ensure that are knowledgeable on the procedures, different medications, therapies and treatment techniques so that they are able to train each patient. They are also equipped for and trained on emergency situations like anaphylactic reactions and severe asthma attacks. This is an amazing thing for anyone who is at risk for something like that because they will begin treatment immediately to get you stabilized while waiting for emergency responders. Only downfall to that and for the practice at all is that other patients may have to wait a little bit to be seen while the doctor and MAs tend to the emergency. Having been one of the patients who had to be treated for an emergency situation before I don't see it as a bad thing at all when I have had to wait while someone else got emergency treatment. I know I probably sound like someone put me up to writing all this but I promise that's not the case. I am a really complicated patient. Nothing about my health is normal or works like it's supposed to from how I react to meds to testing, what's normal for me is nothing like the normal given values. I have a rare and serious condition that has been very debilitating and turned my life upside down. Many other docs have called me a hypochondriac because they don't understand it. Having a doc that listens without judgement and actually takes u serious means so much to me. Its the reason we now know what is wrong with me and i am being treated for the actual problem instead of just bandaiding it. Dr. Jorgensen is helping me have life and work towards improving my condition so I can enjoy that life. He has even tolerated me having a total break down in the office. I was so hysterical I couldn't even talk but he stayed with me talking to me until I calmed down. What other doc would do that for a patient?
1	The worst allergy place around. Very unprofessional staff as they lack tact, finesse and have poor communication skills with patients like myself. After a year and a half, I was informed that I was being discharged from this outfit for unknown reasons with no prior warnings at all and the doctor never even gave me a phone call! They have alot of nerve and frankly I don't need them. Avoid at all costs and seek allergy treatments elsewhere. Not recommended ever!!!!!!
