5	On my first visit here, I spoke with the very knowledgeable assistant and gave her free reign to design an arrangement based on the freshness and uniqueness of the flowers at that time, my budget, and the occasion. Since then, unless I need something specific like roses, I'm more than comfortable with trusting their decisions in crafting a special arrangement. The prices are right and they usually have good seasonal specials.
2	I grew up in Squirrel Hill and have been going to the Squirrel Hill Flower Shop for the 20 years I lived there and then phoning in orders for the ten years since I left. I felt loyal to them since they're a local business in my neighborhood. But they are so consistently unpleasant when I phone, and seem disinterested in my business and reluctant to help me to select flowers. For example, this morning when I phoned:me: I'd like to send flowers to my mother.them: we're only doing open ("open-something" - I can't remember the term).me: what is that?them: designer choiceme: what is that?them: the florist puts stuff togetherme: can you describe anything more about the "stuff"?them: no, we can't tell you the type of flowers or colors.me: well, it's hard to spend money on something when you know nothing about it. can I get it without the vase.them: yes. it's $50 plus $10 deliver.me: and without the vase?them: it's still $50.So I declined and found, through Yelp, Alex's flowers on Craig Street, where the owner was very charming and descriptive about the flowers and what he could put together, and very reassuring that the bouquet would be beautiful.
1	Ordered flowers for mother's day here.  Ordered a $70 bouquet but did not specify exactly what flowers I wanted, I trusted they would make a tasteful beautiful bouquet for that price range.  Boy was I wrong!!!! They brought my mom the ugliest  and cheapest looking bouquet I have ever seen.  I was sad that they ruined what was meant to be a nice gesture for my mom.  When I called to complain the owner said she would do something to make it up to me.  So she came to my moms house.... walked in.... took the hideous flowers and replaced them with some cheapy plant basket.  I was absolutely mortified and horrified when my mother told me this.  So in sum, I paid $70 for a plant basket on mother's day.  Moral of the story, do not buy anything from these scammers.
