5	WOW!  Talk about a place with EXCELLENT customer service!!!This is a charming bed and breakfast where the staff takes the time to give you directions, helps you order your food in French, and will even make you an early morning breakfast if you have to leave before the complimentary breakfast!My friends came in a day early than I did so they were already situated but as I stumbled in from the blistering Canadian cold, there was a sweet hostess smiling and waiting for me with the keys to my room. She also called my friends to let them know I arrived safely.Once I dumped all my stuff in the room, we came out with a barrage of questions on where to eat, how to get to the Notre Dame Basilica, and where the closet Metro stop was.She spent 20 minutes with us, circling the main streets and drawing arrows on the map since my friends and I are slow and lack any sense of direction.  After a hefty explanation and my friend scribbling down directions on notes as well, we were on our merry way.Despite the one night stay, we'd definitely come back to this place.
5	While most of my experience in Montreal was absolutely awful (not necessarily because the city itself was awful, but for a variety of reasons), our stay at this motel was excellent. The price was reasonable, and the service was very friendly.Our room was absolutely adorable, as was the neighborhood. The location was great, as it was close to a lot of restaurants (although our experiences with those were not as great) and within walking distance of a Metro stop.Also, for breakfast I was expecting your typical rolls and orange juice, and maybe some cereal, but there was a great selection of different breakfast foods and the dining room was very cute. I would definitely stay here again if I was going to Montreal, and I would recommend it to anyone visiting!
5	Had a great stay at Antoine's Garden B&B!! First, it's got a great location, one block from the central bus station, and located at the robust corner of St Denis and Ontario. With plenty of bars and restaurants to go to nearby, and with the exciting Latin Quarter just up the block, there is no shortage of places to visit within walking distance. The B&B itself was very nice. Friendly staff 24/7. Quaint decor, especially the staircases and wall art. A rather bountiful continental breakfast with more than just the traditional toast and coffee-- a generous spread of pastries, eggs, yogurts, cheeses, ham, cereal, and on one morning, croissants!The room was a good size, large with a comfy bed. My only complaint (and a 0.5 star reduction) was because the rooms were not well cleaned on my days there. The bed was made and the room was tidied up, but the towels were not replaced when left on the floor.  4.5 stars,
5	Awesome small hotel.  The staff is fantastic.  They speak both English and French and are happy to help you with just about anything. The location is amazing.  Close to amazing food of all kinds including French, Greek, Asian, Indian as well as close to the Metro and buses.
5	This a great little hotel. Very European.  The person at the front desk was so friendly and helpful. He gave great advice on parking (5 mins away), subway (5 mins away), where to get Canadian currency and how to get to our restaurant. The rooms are renovated but have old-style wallpaper and furniture. The bathrooms are totally modern - ours had a jacuzzi!  The neighborhood has innumerable restaurants and a large (French) cinema. The breakfasts were excellent - especially the fresh croissants.  We had one of the rooms facing Rue St Denis - it was pretty noisy until late into the night with music and reveling. Only two of the rooms face the street. Overall a fun, affordable, convenient hotel. Will definitely stay here again.
