1	I wish I could say something good about these guys. They were good when we first hired them. Yeah, there were some issues but nothing awful. I have no idea what happened. They did everything a company should not do/say to a paying client.  Ruined the side of my pool by not taking the initiative to remedy a small problem in the beginning. By the time I saw it it was permanently damaged. The owner refused to take responsibility. Instead he recommended his other company which (of course) resurfaces pools and puts new tiles down. Be careful and do your homework.
5	We have been clients of Crystal Falls Pool Services since Jan, 2013.  And, woo-hoo!  They are as good as it gets.  The tech never fails to show up as scheduled---we could set a clock by his timely arrival.  Always neatly dressed, courteous---super-nice---and we have had three different guys thru the months.  They take excellent care of our pool---it never smells like chlorine, the water sparkles, it looks great.  Our pool and equipment were almost 19 years old---the tile had been neglected and was all calcified from well water and the equipment was at last gasp.  We had cause to call Crystal Falls a couple of times for repairs and they showed up quickly, understood we were trying to "baby" the system along for a little longer, and always managed to get it back up and performing as well as could be expected for a minimal cost.  When we finally decided to bite the bullet and get the tile re-done and a new salt water system and heater put in, we got three estimates.  Crystal Falls came in with the best price.  When we wanted to add some expensive bells and whistles, they explained to us what would and could work, what would be the most cost-effective----one contractor quoted to completely tear out our pebble-tec coating!  When it came time for the work to be done, as usual, they showed up when they said they would, Edgar rocked out the new tile, they gently sand-blasted our stained pebble-tec so it almost looks new, Jordan did a great job at installing the new equipment, and Mike, the owner, came out and personally worked on hooking up the Aqualink remote stuff.  And when there was a problem because our wireless router wasn't compatible and we couldn't get the iPad linked in, he had an IT guy out here the next day.  It's all good now.  We are so happy with our "new" pool---the new tile looks great, the pebble-tec looks good, the new two-phase equipment is going to save us money, and we can actually heat the spa or pool if we want.  Oh, and the LED lighting---it is so cool.  We love to sit on patio at night and sip wine and play with the light combos!  We can't say enough good things about Crystal Falls or the guys!  Thank you!  We are very happy with your service!
5	We have been using Crystal Falls for almost 10 years when we purchased our house in Scottsdale.  They do a fantastic job with both the weekly service and the repair work we have needed along the way including replacing a pool light, heater and pump.  Our weekly tech Carlos always shows up on time and does an excellent job of maintaining our pool.  Because we are not always at our place in Scottsdale, we rely upon Crystal Falls to manage our pool.If you are looking for a professional and fairly priced pool service you need to sign up with Crystal Falls.
5	We have used Crystal Falls for our pool for almost 10 years and they are awesome! Our pool always looks great and the guys are so nice.  We needed a remodel on our pool last year and they took care of everything and it looks amazing.  It looks like an entirely new pool.  It is gorgeous!
