1	I came to Snail Motorsports with the intent to have 2 strollers powder coated and media blasted but unfortunately I ended up having to ask for a refund and not have them do any work. I was really upset by the whole situation because I was really looking forward to having some custom powder coating done by someone who has done numerous amount of work for my friends. Juan the powder coater has done frames and rims for several friends, so when I started asking around for who to take my items to everyone referred me to snail Motorsports.When I took my items to snail Motorsports I was first quoted $370.00 to media blast 18 items and custom powder coat 6 items. I thought that was a little high so they reworked the numbers and came back with $240, I still thought that was a little high but i agreed to have it done and I payed half up front and left the items. As i pondered about everything throughout the day, I decided to look over the receipt and do some math. I noticed that for a simple powder coat I was been charged $5 per item for a candy powder coat I was been charged $15 and for media blasting I was been charged $10. I then though to myself what if i got everything powder coated and some number crunching late it would roughly be $260 to powder coat everything could this be a $20 difference to have everything done?? I called snail Motorsports and explained to them what I had came up with and I asked if the price to powder coat all my pieces would be $260? I was shocked when the answer came about the price to powder coat 2 strollers would be $600.00!! What i was so shocked with that sticker prices that I just sent an email and asked for them to not do any work and that I would pick up my items.There is no way 2 strollers would cost $600.00 to powder coat its not 2 cars?? When i showed up the next day I was greeted by Juan's wife who quickly offered me back my parts, but also offered to get me another quote she came back with $480.00. While there was no explanation to why we would go from $240 to $480 if the pricing per item remained the same I just could not do business with someone who was so inconsistent in their pricing. I ended up calling several friends to find out if they have had similar experiences come to find out several friends explained how before Juan use to be someone who you could talk to and ask questions too. Now he is either just too good for people or he just doesn't have the time for them. That really sucks since some of my friends ended up telling me that they are sending stuff out of town to get done instead of having to deal with someone who has an ego.
5	I've had a few items done, one small and one large. Both came out better than I could think, good turn around and great prices
5	I have had quite a few items powder coated for my car from Snail Motorsports and have had nothing but a great experience and tons of complements from the work that was performed at this shop. Pricing was every bit of what i paid for. Quality and professional work and  I definitely recommend this shop to anyone and everyone who asks where a good place is to get this type of work done! :)
5	After investing into higher end aftermarket car parts for my vehicle, I found a need (or want) for ceramic coating. Snail Motorsports came recommended to me from various friends, colleagues, and business partners. Being that the items I purchased were not a small investment, I decided to take the recommendations and bring my business to Snail.9 months later, I still continue to bring all of my ceramic coating needs to Snail Motorsports. Every order I've placed with Snail, small or large (cost, not only size) has been consistently of the utmost quality. As someone who chooses to invest his hard earned money on an item, it gives me relief to know Snail will always provide quality service, care, and most of all, GREAT customer service!To speak briefly about comparison, I've since had experience with other local coating shops. Although the quality and care of the work done elsewhere was sufficient, I will continue to use Snail's services when I need quality work done correctly the first time. Thanks Snail! Keep up the great work!
5	We have gone with Snail Motorsports for so many things, since Juan started in his garage, doing small jobs.  He has powder coated an antique medicine cabinet, several sets of wheels, several parts for my Jeep, media blasted a ton of our chairs for our business...that ton equals out to around 300.  When he tells you when he will have your items ready, he is right there with it when he promises.  You can find him in his shop way into the late hours...just to get your item completed.  You will never find anyone more Type A about his finished product than Juan.  We have never been disappointed in any item or any quote we have received.  He does all of his own media blasting and powder coating...he doesn't farm them out to other contractors.  He service is top notch and I would recommend Snail Motorsports to everyone.  Thank you Juan and the Snail Motorsports team.
5	I have huge trust issues when it comes to my car. At first I was really scared because I was getting $2k rims (Advan TCIII) and almost $3k worth of parts under the hood. Juan exceeded my expectations! They came out perfect. With the amount of work, time, and effort he put into them I'm surprised he didn't charge me more. He gave me an awesome deal! A few months later I brought a set of cheaper wheels (used set of enkei rpf1) and a few suspension parts to get coated and the work was just as phenomenal! Juan treated $800 worth of parts just as he would $5k worth of parts. I wouldn't trust anyone else with powder coating my car parts. I will always support quality work and that is why I will always be a customer of Juan and Snail Motorsports.
5	Had Snail do a scooter frame for me. I was trying to save money and go with a cheaper option but they hooked it up with an awesome pearl multistage. After that had me do a set of wheels that came out perfect mounted and balanced as well. Powder coat isn't cheap but they were half as much as any other quotes I got. I send everybody I know there.
5	I had all my engine caps and strut tower brace done here. The strut tower brace matches the car with with race stripes perfectly aligned with the oitside paint. Very professional and great pricing!!
5	I took in all 5 wheels for my 1970 VW Beetle for powder coating.  They were looking pretty shabby after over 40 years of faithful service.  This VW was my first car, and I'm only the second owner (bought in '86).  It's very special to me, and I wouldn't trust any part of it to just anyone.My first contact with Snail Motorsports was via email, and Juan answered all my questions quickly and thoroughly.  Very clear on pricing and time to completion.  I took the wheels in, selected my color and went home to wait.  I was pleasantly surprised to receive a link to photos of my wheels after media blasting and at completion.  The work was done on-time and the whole process was very professional.  I couldn't be happier. Now, 2 years later, they look as good as the day I picked them up.You can't go wrong with Snail Motorsports for powdercoating!
5	Had my Enkie RPF1s done a nice gold color. They were nice enough to install toms and also mount and balance the tires for free. The finish looks awesome and I get a lot of compliments on my 350z. Great customer service!
5	Get it done and get it done ONCE! Powder-coating at its best! OR, use the other guys ((NOT))!
5	had my wheels done in high gloss black and they are BEAUTIFUL!!! my wheels had a little bit of "road rash" from giving a curb some love at sonic and Snail completely erased that!!! my lease on my car is up next year and i will be bringing my new ride in for MORE Snail love!!!
2	So Juan's work is BAD ASS, Basically everything on chopper I have had done by him looks great and I get compliments on everything all the time. people are shocked when I tell them it is powder coat not paint.  So why the 2 stars...as his biz grew his delivery time went to shit for us "small people".Examples:--first starting his biz a set of wheels, quoted 5 days, got them in I beleive 4 days2 yrs later motorcycle frame  q
5	I had Juan at Snail Motorsports install my Eisenmann Race exhaust on my 2008 BMW M5.  He did a fantastic job and treated my car as if it was his own. He took great care of my baby.  I would highly recommend his shop!
5	I've had some experience with powder coaters in the past.  The quality of their work here was second to none.
5	The chrome was eating away and decided to have 'em san blasted black. The folks at snail motor sports did an AWESOME job! The prices in Cali were ridiculous and having' em done here in North LV was worth it, considering my folks live out here and I was here on Vacay. Adrienne was very helpful from the first time I called the company, all the way to when she handed over the keys. I really appreciated the fact of her calling me on some issues the wheels had, due to the deteriorating chrome. Overall, it was a GREAT experience going with this company and recommend them x10!
4	Had a mountain bike frame coated here. The quality of work is second to none, and was completed within a very reasonable timeframe. The cost was also very reasonable; a bargain when you consider the quality. I would recommend Snail Motorsports to anyone who wants something powder coated, and will definitely be a return customer.
5	I took the frame of my 66 Chevelle to Juan after checking around town for media blasting and powder coating. Service was great and fair price . Now ive read alot of bad reviews about Snail for being SLOOOW on turn around time. Let me tell you all, dropped my frame off for blasing on Thursday and picked it up on Tuesday the next week. Thats 3 days guys, including a weekend. He even stored my flatbed trailer so i didnt have to haul it all over town. Took my frame back for coating after some welding, and once again, he had it back in 3 days. Not TOO bad at all for a business like this. I dont know if there were extenuating circumstances with those " slowbees" or what but my experiance was GREAT. Will absolutley be seeing them again for service. Way to go guys :-)
5	just had my 2nd set of wheels coated by Juan & his team!!! If its even possible, they look better than the first set!!! This time it was my (stock) 20s for my 2014 Explorer...I brought my SUV to Snail just days after purchasing (I didn't even have my green slip yet!!!). Adrienne at the front desk was phenomenal in helping me pick the perfect sparkly black to match the color of my truck!!! Then I had no qualms about leaving my new baby with Snail because I KNEW it was in Juan's loving hands & protected by Lucky!!! Juan treats every piece big or small as if it is his own...he truly is an artist!!! When I came to pick up my truck I could not believe the improvement it gave to the facade of my Ford!!! Thank you Juan, Adrienne, Megan, Zoe, Lucky, & the REST of the Snail Team for taking such pride & ownership in your product; its tough to come by this nowadays!!! I'll be back in 36 months with my NEXT lease!!! :D
5	I dropped a set of wheels off with Juan and the rest of the gang at Snail Motorsports, they had many years and miles of wear on them, some rash around the lip, etc. Being that these wheels were purchased third-hand (at least), they had some blemishes. After first having them straightened by a wheel repair company, I set my sights on fixing their aesthetic charm. There is a plethora of color options available for one to choose from. I had a color range in mind before arriving, else my visit would have been much more time consuming and stressful! I was handed a selection of dark grey options, went outside and compared the colors in the sun, while placing them next to my car. A selection was made, I placed my order, was given a very reasonable quote for the work, and was out the door.About a week later, I had a call stating my wheels were done! They have signs posted, letting customers know it may take a few weeks for work to be completed, as work load, and the time each project requires can add up.Making my way back to Snail Motorsports' shop, I was amazed at how smooth and perfect my wheels now look. The grey is perfect, and the finish is shiny and smooth. Juan and the rest of his highly skilled staff work wonders, and produce high quality work! Definitely recommend them to anybody looking to have some powdercoat work done.
5	I've been going to various places for powder coating for many years and for many projects. Most end up being fly by night and horrible work. I came across this place about a year or so ago. Let me tell you, this place is awesome! I'm never going anywhere else! Super professional, and great work and great facilities. The prices are definitely reasonable considering the quality that's coming from them. Juan and his family definitely have a life time customer in me. I wouldn't trust anyone else to do my powder!
5	Juan and the rest of the snail team have always delivered the best results for powder coating I have seen. They have always had very reasonable pricing, and always given me accurate timelines for project completion. From everything to sets of wheels to smaller parts like exhaust tips. Always perfect every time Snail Motorsports is the only place in Las Vegas for powder coating.
5	I have worked with Juan since the very early days of Snail Motorsports, and have always received stellar service.  Juan and his employees have coated the smallest nuts and bolts for my projects, engine parts, computer cases, wheels, and now even repaired a wheel that I badly curbed (The repaired wheel looks even better than my other three!!).  They have always been prompt, competitively priced, and extremely professional whenever I have had the pleasure of dealing with them.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Snail Motorsports to anyone looking for Powder Coat or other services.  Whenever I send Juan an idea for a project, or a request for a quote he often replies outside of normal business hours.  This is a proud family owned and operated business and it truly shows in the quality of their work and customer service.Now excuse me while I look through my garage for something metal that needs an awesome new finish :-)
5	Juan and his team at Snail Motorsports take the time to make sure every job is done right.  We have used them for several projects now and are never disappointed.  Their prices are amazing and the quality is outstanding...And we love the shop dog Lucky!
1	I will never go back to this place again because their customer service was really very poor espescially the lady who always there.I will never recommend this to anyone it was a bad experience of being here
5	I first read about Snail Motorsports on a local SRT4 forum. I dropped by the shop with a valve cover for my srt4 and Juan and Adrienne were both very courteous and professional. I couldn't be happier with the end result of the valve cover. That was 4-5 years ago.So naturally when I needed a set of wheels powdercoated for my s2000 I thought of Snail first. I admit, I tried shopping around town but realized that all the shops that offered really low prices were not really media blasting the wheels and didn't sound like they did much prep work at all.So I brought my Prodrive GC-05F into Snail and chose a fluorescent yellow color that I thought was the same as my friends wheel color.  Well when I went to pick up the wheels, I realized the color of the wheels were not the same as my friends wheel color.  Now this is in no way Snail Motorsports fault, as I chose a color out of a book and told them to go with it.  I told Adrienne my situation on how I tried to match a friend's wheel color and guessed wrong.  She then told me that if I took the wheels home and didn't like the color on the car then she would give me a discounted rate to redo the wheels.Well I took it home and didn't end up liking it. I called Snail back up and they told me to bring it back in and they will give me a great deal to redo it. I won't disclose the price but it was a great price.Both times the finish the wheels were amazing. The powdercoat was laid down really smooth without any imperfections. Also both times my wheels were done in time.Snail Motorsports always gives great service in my opinion.
5	Get done and get it done right! The first time! Snail and there team are focussed on quality craftsmanship and that's why I highly recommend it!!
5	had these guys do about 15 different parts for me over the last year every piece turned out great.
1	I bought a new set of wheels and took them to Snail Motorsports to be powdercoated. When I picked them up they were nicely shrunk wrapped and put back in the boxes.  The next day I took them down to the tire store to have them mount tires on them, but after I got home I realized that there were mounds on one side of each of the spokes where the powder was sprayed too heavy. I have had several people tell me how horrible they look, which makes me really angry after paying to have these "professionally" powdercoated.  There is nothing worse than bragging to your friends how nice the wheels are going to be, just to have them laugh when they see how bad they look.  Now I have to get a second set of wheels to use while I pay to have the tires unmounted and have someone that knows what they are doing strip them back down and re-coat them.
5	I have been going to Juan for powder coating for years and I've seen other  powder coating companies come and go in that time.  There's a reason why I always go to Juan when I need powder coating. His work is magazine worthy and top notch and I know he makes sure everything leaves his shop with his stamp of approval. He takes great pride in his work and it shows in everything he does. If you want something done right the first time, be sure to bring your work to Snail Motorsports.
5	Did an outstanding job on refinishing a set of OZ Superleggera's that had been neglected. The finish looks great and the machine cut faces really compliment the dark gray powder coat. They had already coated a turbo outlet piece for me with the same outstanding results. The only complaint I have is timely correspondence when things are complete. Had to call a few times to find out if things were done, but this is minor considering the work that was done. Will definitely use them again!
5	Recently got my wheels done and Juan did an outstanding job! Thank you for your attention to detail...
5	Having another company in town do wheels for my lot cars and having issues I decided to give Snail Motorsports a shot.  I had Snail do some wheels for my dealership and they were so well done I had to have them do my personal vehicle. All I can say is I'm more than glad I went here. First off the job they did was first class! The wheels came out perfect also considering it was a 3 color process (gunmetal, yellow, and clear) To this day I think 3 or 4 years old now they still look like new! They also did my brake calipers in the same yellow as the wheels and those came out top notch and still look perfect to this day even with all the brake dust that the calipers get in them. If you want the best look no further than Snail Motorsports!
5	I already have a project car so I did not want to spend hundreds on my daily driver but those nasty wheel covers suck so I had Snail Motorsports powder coat my steelies the same color as the body.  It was affordable enough that anyone can get projects done with them.I am very happy with the results. I will be taking parts from my project car to them soon.
