2	Running-Sushi mitten in der Abflughalle. Sieht originell aus, bleibt aber Geschmacksache.
4	Standard Yo!Yo Sushi is to Sushi what starbucks is to coffee, and for me that is a good thing, I know what I'm getting and I enjoy it EVERY time. I like being able to rock some sushi in the departure lounge, it beats some soggy half assed sandwich from the standard 'cafe francais' or whatever other nonsense you normally find. (Though the pret is decent there aswell)I like pressing the serice button and hearing the crazy noises that come from the TV, I ordered edemame and forgot that you cant eat the skin, the guy next to me poiinted at my beans and said 's those aren't runner beans then? Glad I didn't order them as I would have eaten the skin' so I felt I had to show him the half munched first attempt which I spat back into my napkin.... end of story.
3	I have been to many Yo Sushi's around the UK, Ireland and now in Scotland and they are all pretty much the same menu, same consistent process to order and so on. It is a sushi train and there is also a menu where you can order items that are not on the train already. One thing of note at this one in Edinburgh airport is that the quality of the sashimi was A grade. The salmon and tuna was delicious and super fresh, in fact, better than most I have had at other Yo Sushi places. The service was friendly and the prices were also not over the top. A good place to stop for a meal when at the airport and probably better than most other choices around at the airport.
4	OK, so a while ago I commented that a review was coming for here, and that it would be three stars, but as much as my gut tells me to stick with that I'm personally going to have to go with four for this particular location.Hear me out! I mean, this is a Yo! Sushi... if you haven't been you may think it's the best thing in the universe... I and many others have fallen for this trap, but after enough visits reality sets in and you realise you're paying moderate prices for sushi that simply isn't mindblowing or often that good... I'm not sure I've ever had flat out bad stuff at one however, it just is what it is.Like many places that aren't all around stars in the food department, part of coming here is finding the things that you like in the middle of everything else that is on offer... now that I know which disappointmentsto avoid, and which surprises to go for, I would probably go with 2.5 to 3 stars based on the food.Where this particular place earns the extra star is on service... the last several times I've been (I've gone through this airport a lot recently) the staff have been above and beyond friendly... I don't know if there is a new corporate push or just the management here, but it's put some actual restaurants to shame which is in and of itself odd given that this place is practically self service. I'm just a sucker for good service and friendlybanter, I admit that.So essentially if you've never been and like sushi, but aren't a sushi snob, do what most of us have done and marvel at the conveyor belt of freshly made sushi treats as it rolls around... if you've been and don't love it, you could still do worse than popping here (especially if you're a calorie counter, it's all notes on the menu) for a quick 20 minutes to kill versus other places in the airport... I've gone simply for that reason numerous times, but the friendly service will keep me coming back as long as it lasts.
