4	Burger king is the sort of place that makes you hungry when you look at it.Its a good size of burgers and a lot of room and has got a couple of floors, so plenty of seating.
3	I quite enjoy Burger King. On the cheap you can actually get decent burgers. For fast food, the burgers are surprisingly good and McDonald's can't compare. However, watch out in this branch. My friend and I were happily stuffing our faces, and these girls came over and piled maps on our table asking for directions. We shooed them away and they left with my friends mobile phone. We alerted the staff who looked at the CCTV and the video showed their "pimp" outside with them pointing us out before the came in and stole her phone. Apparently this group of "travellers" or Romanian Gypsies are at it all the time in this Burger King. The staff were brilliant about it, but if this group is repeatedly stealing from customers then the staff should really be more vigilant.
2	There's something about Burger King's near train stations, they always taste more disgusting than your average Burger King. McDonalds is always the winner for me but often when I'm peckish and there's a Burger King at hand I'll get a cheeseburger meal. The burgers are usually okay from Burger King, still not as good as McD's, but okay. The last time I popped in here I waited so long that the guy serving gave me a double cheeseburger instead of a regular one. I think he thought he was doing me a favour and I guess it was nice of him but there's something about the thought of biting into two burgers on top of each other, it's just kind of, wrong. The chips weren't much better and had their usual cardboard taste. Yum.I guess for the convenience factor this branch of Burger King is good but it's always really busy so if you're in a rush - give it amiss.
3	I always swear I'm not a fan of fast food, but sometimes you can't help yourself.Thus I am known to meander in here on occasion. It's quite a vast Burger King, so even at the weekend you won't be struggling to find a seat. The staff are pretty smiley and helpful, and the food is what you would expect. There's always some generic pop music being piped through the speakers and there's an abundance of tables upstairs. The huge amount of space also makes it easy to duck in here if you need a wee, since you are likely never to be caught. On several occasions I have chosen to use their bathrooms instead of the sub standard loos (that you have to PAY FOR) in the station. Although the toilets are eerily quiet and a bit Eastern Bloc, sometimes needs must.Enough about my bladder, though - not a bad Burger King by any means!
