4	Zaba's is a good place for good, fast, fresh Ameri-Mexican food.  It's reminiscent of Chipotle, but it's actually been around a little longer.  It offers chicken, beef, carnitas, and veggie options in tacos, burritos, bowls, and enchiladas.  Their fish tacos are de-voon.  It'll take about half the time to get through as Chipotle, and you won't be giving your money to McDonald's.  Bonus!You can eat off of a chicken or steak quesadilla with guacamole for approximately an ice age, and their corn salsa makes me weep with its perfection.  The chips can sometimes be a little stale (and holy crap do I love my chips, so that really sucks), but crunch them up into the Zaba bowl and it's all a-ok.  Seriously, give this place a try.
3	This place feels like a rip-off of Chipotle right down to the tables and signs...Just like Chipotle, it has an aluminum interior with the same browns, same looking booths, and the same way that Chipotle sells its burritos...The only difference is, its higher prices, more selection of drinks, and the decision of white or brown rice and whole-wheat or flour tortilla...The food was ok, I think Chipotle is better, but Zaba's was pretty much the only place open in the parking lot at 10:50 AM...
3	It's your regular Mexican Fast Food.  Really only good to order and take it back to work or home.  I really like their salads here and it's all I'll order.  But, after my friend found a hair in her food, I kinda freaked out.  Because of that, I don't have the appetite to order from them anymore.  Just the thought of it makes me want to gag.
5	Awesome. Fish Tacos are the best in the city. The rest of the food is addictive and healthy. I eat there all of the time. The service is typically great and the place is very clean.
3	Zabas is ok but I cant stop comparing it to Chipolte. Although the fish tacos are top notch I prefer Chiptole.
4	Zaba's isn't anything fancy.  It's pretty standard "Chipotle-like" Mexican food but it really hit the spot after a long day of walking around on the strip.  It was great to find a place offering fresh & healthy, vegetarian-friendly fare.  No complaints.
4	I had been meaning to try this place to add some variety to my Chipotle-Qdoba-rinse-repeat routine, but I didn't get around to it until I moved in across the street from the Eastern location.My first burrito was a disappointment. I had shredded beef in a flour tortilla with a mixture of white and brown rice, their red (hot) salsa, and cheese. There was a very sweet taste to the burrito. At first I thought it could be the brown rice, but then I remembered that their site describes the red salsa as "slightly sweet". Slight understatement.I decided to give them a second chance tonight and ordered the same burrito with their green (medium) salsa, minus the white rice. It was a much better experience. There was still a slight sweet taste (the brown rice must be partly to blame), but the quality of the meat and the huge portion size made this a legitimate rival to the two big burrito chains. Bonus points for the employee who genuinely did not seem annoyed when I walked in at 8:59, not realizing they close at 9:00. As they bagged my tin-foil cylinder of goodness, I briefly considered saying, "I wanted that for here", but thought better of it.
4	It's cheap, fresh, and delicious! Far as Mexican, fast food goes- I perfer this place over Chipotle and Baja Fresh. Their guacamole is actually guacamole and is really yummy... most places it's some green stuff not something I want to eat. The chips are better then other places as well in my opinion. I really think far as chain food restaurants go this one needs to be around more areas of town!
4	It's like chipotle but I don't know which one came first. Well that doesn't matter and the only important thing is the food is good. They do have more choices than a chipotle and 2 items that come to mind are quesadillas and nachos. If you like assembly line burritos give it a try.
4	Delicious tortilla chips and guac! I've had the carne asada quesadilla as well. The steak was nice and tender and well marinaded. A little more pricey than your typical robertos/faustos/amigos but it is a nice change when you're craving the freshest ingredients and a nice atmosphere to dine in.
4	Went here last Friday with a coworker to grab some lunch. When I worked for PBS I came all the time, but it has been a while since my last visit.They have many new options like Nachos and breakfast since the last time I went. I usually get the Zaba Bowl but I decided what the heck I will get Nachos as the girl working the assembly line assured me the queso wasn't overly spicy, I am a wuss and can not handle spicy..its sad really..I got the Nachos and a small drink to go and I think it was 9.08. Not overally cheap, more than Chipotle but about the same as Cafe Rio. It was good and they were friendly, so i would likely return..
4	Zaba's is close to my work, and I go here fairly often for lunch. I really like Zaba's quesadillas. They come with a big side of guac, sour cream, and salsa (I suggest the tomatillo salsa). It's always yummy. I'm not a huge fan of the burritos as I don't like rice in them. You can get it without the rice, but then your burrito is really thin as they don't put anything in to replace the rice. The tacos are pretty decent. My suggestion: Get the quesadilla, skip the burrito.
4	I am hardly ever in the mood for Mexican food and can be a big downer when it comes to dashing other peoples hopes about obtaining this style of cuisine. I had worked in a now defunct Mexican stand within a casino for a good portion of my high school years and had many coworkers who made awesome home-style dishes, so I do not jump for joy when I go to chain restaurants. My stomach still yearn for the chili rellenos, sweet tamales, and chicken mole this Godsend of a lady use to make. My friend swayed me to go here after our half hour dilemma of pinpointing what we were in the mood for. I will spare you the details because no one will ever be able to follow this train of thought. All you need to know is that Zaba's offers whole wheat tortillas and brown rice. If you are finicky about what you eat and want items that will stay with you longer throughout the day then this is the place for you. For the most part everything else on the menu is pretty standard and comparable to Chipotle, but I am a sucker for more fiber. Needless to say, I got the vegetarian burrito with a whole wheat tortilla, brown rice, black beans, corn, hot salsa, cheese, guacamole, and lettuce. The veggies were not the star of the show because they had lost most of their integrity sitting in the pan. Otherwise the burrito was perfect. I received a suggestion to get the chicken burrito the next time because it is suppose to be their best. I am also a huge fan of barbacoa, so I will have to at least try this place two more times.
4	I really love their shrimp tacos. A bit pricey that can go up to $10 for 3 pieces but put some lime on it and green salsa, OMG that's heaven in your mouth.
4	Is this the only Zaba's in Las Vegas? If it is, I am lucky enough to have it located on my side of town. In fact, besides the Chipotle in the UNLV area, this is the closest place I can go to get a nice, big, yum-tastic burrito.Mainly I go to Zaba's for chicken burritos. I rarely deviate. It's the same with Chipotle and Qdoba. What can I say? I guess I am a creature of habit. But how can I not be when the delicious chicken, rice, beans, salsa, cheese, and sour cream are all delightfully wrapped up in an easy to handle and nom on burrito?Zaba's is slightly different from other similar Mexican chains. I do believe they are locally owned (sorry if I'm mistaken in that). They also offer wheat tortillas (for no extra charge). I've never had a problem with service at this location. It's quick, efficient and for the most part the staff is friendly. Still, my favorite burrito-go-to is Qdoba. However, Zaba's IS good and its location so close to me makes it a favorite spot of mine.
5	We brought a Groupon for this place for our trip. It was a tousand times better than Chipolte's or Qdoba! There was more variety of ingrediets and choices. I had 3 chicken tacos with lettuce, cabbage, sour chrem, cheese and the hottest most wonderful salsa. My boyfriend had a grilled shrimp with peppers, onions, black beans, and tons of other things. We will definitely eat here when we're in Vegas again later this year.
5	Thank goodness one of my husbands clients told us about this place!! No more Chipolte EVER..lol..Zaba's meat is more fresh & white meat chicken..They offer brown & white rice.Also wheat tort or white flour tortilla.And don't forget the yuuuummmy queso sauce they have! You can add to any burrito, salad.. etc. They also sell nachos you can deck out like your salad or burrito :)
4	Delicious, fresh, speedy mex!
4	This place is near my office so I have had the opportunity to try it 4 times in the last 2 months.  I love this place more than Chipotle and Q Doba (which are both tasty).  I have had the Vegetarian Burrito,the Papas Burrito, and the salad with chicken.I love the options- wheat tortillas, brown rice or the white cilantro rice (I like the cilantro version), the 2 types of potato's, the yummy salsa's, the beans...  I a dying to try their nacho's and taquitos.  They have awesome fresh brewed iced tea.  Lunch usually costs about $9 or $10.  The staff at this location are very friendly & helpful!!!!
5	I have been going to Zaba's for about three years now. I have gotten everything from a steak burrito to fish tacos. I have never had a bad experience here. The staff is very friendly. Some employees have been there since I started going and they are always fabulous. You can have more of a conversation than, "What would you like on your tacos?". Everything is grilled fresh and you can taste it. The cilantro pesto is exceptional. It tastes great on everything. Today, I stopped by for lunch and got a vegetarian burrito. I added sweet potatoes to it and I was a little leery but the guy serving me told me it was really good. He was right!! I think Zaba's beats Chipotle any day.
4	This review is for 4.5 stars. I've been here a couple times before writing this review, but it had been years. My husband didn't like it his first time here. And so glad to have become reacquainted! We ended up going here twice in a two week period BTW. Funny short story. Recently, he asked me "What's for lunch? When I said "Zaba's". He said "Are you serious?" ("Cause, usually, I say "El Pollo Loco.") But we ended up at Baja Fresh.Looks small from the outside appearance. Seating is in front, outside, inside (square booths, think kitchen nook), stools facing the window, looking outside, as well as another area outside, in back, too. Bathrooms are in the back of the restaurant. Clean place, clean bathroom. Your food is made to order, right in front of you, like Chipotle. You choose your preferred ingredients. Free Refills on fountain drinks.We went for lunch, not crowded, but seems to have more takeout orders than dine-in. The first time, I had taquitos, which comes with a side of guacamole and chips. Crunchy goodness, but not greasy. The guacamole was fresh. I enjoyed it. The second time, I had the single tacos, one shrimp, one fish. I liked the fish taco better. Don't get me wrong, the shrimp one was good, but I liked the seasoning better on the fish, and the crunch, too. There is also a 3-taco combo, but the 2 tacos I got were good enough for me. The salsa is very good, too. My husband got a couple different items- a burrito, on both occasions; also sampled the different meats. I think I like the pork better here, than at Chipotle. I noticed that there are many different menu items (tacos, burritos, taquitos) but the salads cost much more. Much like Chipotle (he didn't like it there the first time, either), he likes Zaba again. But unlike Chipotle, also has shrimp and fish on the menu, too. I might get something different the next time we go.
4	I've gone here for years. Went tonight after a heartbreaking UNLV loss. I get a Zaba Bowl each time. I love the fact that they have brown rice. The last time I was there I ordered the hot salsa. It was too hot. I did it again this time and decided not to eat it. I asked for another bowl of rice and beans so that I could transfer the shrimp and other sides from the bed of fire. They didn't charge me for the extra bowl. That was cool. It's fast, the food is good, and the servers are are friendly. I'll continue to go back. I'm a fan.
4	I've been frequenting this Zaba's on Fridays during lent for my usual shrimp salad. Each visit has been consistently good! The food is food and has consistent good taste. On today's visit, the manager, Maria, was helping the line and she was very friendly and nice, which is always a plus. A co-worker was with me and we both ordered our shrimp at the same time because last week they had run out of the prepared shrimp, so we had to wait for it to grill. She said that she was on top of it this week and made sure that each store had enough fish ready at lunch time. And she definitely didn't skimp on the shrimp! The reason for four stars and not five is that I do feel sometimes they do skimp on the shrimp and that $9.50 for a salad that is a tad on the small is a bit steep. But I don't eat here daily. Other than that, the service is always great, the food is always fresh and delicious!
3	The food was ok. The overall service and store cleanliness was lacking. They could do some major customer service improvements to lift the overall guest experience.
1	Yuck..The beans are hard, the meat is seasoned badly and whoever is making the rice can't tell when it's done. I can't think of one positive thing about this restaurant. The food was just bad and I never want to eat here again.
4	Zaba's is great for lunch.  I love supporting local business (when they're worth it) and this one definitely is!The Flamingo location has a great staff and is always on the ball.  I highly recommend this place.They get four stars because it's a little small, and frequently during lunch it's next to impossible to find a seat.  The hot salsa is also unpredictable.  You have to get it on the side, test it out, and eat accordingly.  Sometimes it's INSANE hot, and other times not so much...
1	The food isn't all that great as I hoped it would. I ordered a steak burrito with pinto beans, brown rice, pico de gallo, sour cream, and cheese. The beans didn't taste fresh, the rice was a little hard, and the steak didn't look all that great either. I can honestly say the franchise Mexican grills taste better.
5	This place was better than I anticipated. I had the burrito and it was really good. The employees were really friendly and the place was super clean which is what I look for in food establishments. I will definitely go back to try other items on the menu.
5	This place is great for on the go meals, even perfect if you're trying to watch your weight. The employees are fast, place is clean, and the price is reasonable. You also have the choice whether you like brown rice or white rice and flour tortilla or whole wheat. The only thing I would suggest is if they could add wifi. I like studying here if I don't need internet but that's just me. Overall, two thumbs up!
1	Good food .... But their prices are way too high and they're very stingy with the food when I ask for extra they don't do it and then they charge you for  ! Not very happy !
3	Pretty much the same thing as Chipolte. I usually get a bowl with either chicken or shrimp. The last time I went, it took them forever to come serve us in the line. There weren't any patrons in there when we walked in and by the time we sort of stared at the menu and wanted to order, they were still dilly-dallying around in the back and had even made eye contact. Didn't even get a "hey, I'll be right there" sort of thing. It still took them a good minute to finally walk over, put in their gloves and ask us what we wanted. The customer service with the exception of that incident is usually pretty decent.
4	Visited this place for the first time today. As others have already noted, it's modeled very closely after Chipotle. This doesn't bother me though. As long as the food is good and our business is appreciated (meaning great service) they can emulate whoever they like.  The service is quick, the staff is friendly and the burrito I ordered was great. Wheat tortilla, brown rice, fajita veggies, black beans, chicken with a small splash of sour cream and a dash of lettuce. The burrito was pretty big. I'd say it was about the size of a small Nerf football - seriously. However, and I'm not trying to be a wiener here, the place could be a little cleaner. A thorough sweep and scrub of the floors would go a long way.   Floors aside, I'm going back. Next time I'm going to try the shrimp and most likely the tacos.
3	I was in Vegas for work and we stopped by this place as it was right near where we needed to be. It was very similar to Chipotle as far as the ordering and the types of food. It was a relatively small place, however the seating was really conveniently situated around the restaurant to make use of the place. I ordered a variety  of thinks in my bowel and it was all pretty good. I think that it is hard to go wrong when the food is decent and you get to choose what you want in it.
5	We dont have a Chipotle nearby and heard this was similar. It is. Impressed with the food, and the friendliness of the staff. Will be coming back as a repeat customer again and again.
5	I have been here a few times before always ordered a bowl ... The review today is solely for the fish tacos ... My BFF had suggested them after the eastern location closed - so I drove to this one and it was totally worth it and I will Be back for these tacos !!! Plus $1.50 for chips n salsa can't beat it .. You get my vote too Zaba's
5	Excellent food! Tasty and filling ... comparable to Chipotle with some items that are not available there.
5	This place is so yummy!  You can get fresh and healthy items and the burritos are huge!  They are consistent and fast and everyone seems to work hard.  They really know how to hire people and I wish them success.  I have introduced many friends and they are now fans too.
1	First of all the customer service sucked. They are stupid incompetent uneducated and rude. At least try to have some knowledge of what you're selling. Offer a wider variety for people who might be allergic to Chipotle or not like hot flavors. Way too much money being asked for crappy food. We paid $26 for two meals that got thrown away. Upon leaving we requested a comment card but was given a business card along with a phony smile. If you want to play dragon for a day and throw fire from your mouth or if you want your throat ears and butthole to burn and you want to throw away good money you don't have.. then eat here..here's flamin bruh
5	I've gotten a few things from here, from zalapeno balls, to quesadillas to burritos, to fish tacos. I have not been disappointed.  I stand by their "best of las vegas" fish tacos when normally, that is an item I would never order, but now I crave them. Service is top notch with lot of smiles from employees. Great job!
