3	I am still living at enclave, and my attitude towards it has changed quite a bit since a year ago when I first moved in.I was first drawn to its location: close to Sunflower, a yoga studio, a beauty school, a church, and some restaurants. The outside facilities -- pools, gym, grills -- looked nice enough at first glance, especially when you couldn't wait to shorten the tour in Arizona's mid-August.I was sold quite easily. So I paid various fees and the expensive rent for a bare-boned 1 bedroom (my friend paid less to get a 2-bedroom house) and slowly discovered the deficiencies in this community.The gym was small and way under-equipped. The walls were thin, and the appliances in my apartment were ancient -- I meant it, ancient!Fine. Had to live with those.Then, 7 months in, there was a major management change we were not notified of until absolutely the last minute, followed by complete chaos and lack of transitioning. We didn't get any sort of bill or statement for 3 months, and the temporary website looked very sketchy to make online payment.So to be fair, I liked enclave's location, relatively quiet environment, landscape, and fairly responsive maintenance. What I don't like about it is that it is overpriced (no utilities were included plus various fees and insurance requirements), outdated amenities and appliances, last-minute notice on everything, and the apartments seemed to be fairly poorly built (20+ years. . .). Overall, I think Enclave is liveable, but could be better. It is by no means a "high-end" community (mostly students and families), and the service isn't there yet reflecting the value (especially after the management change). So I don't see why it needs to be priced the way it is.
2	I have been spending more time here than at home, because it is where my friends live, and I often spend the night. This is physically a beautiful complex, nicely tucked in off S. Dorsey. The layout is neat, and the location is ideal... love the many trees, and how isolated it is from the busy surroundings of Tempe. So why the 2 stars? It is like an attractive person with an ugly personality. Every Monday, bright and early at around 7:30 AM, the landscaping crew does their thing. By their thing, I mean they have about 10 leaf blowers cranked up to full blast for hours. Wherever you are in the complex they will be blasting away right in front of your window. It is absolutely impossible to sleep through.I have a very demanding job, and the mornings are tough. I need to do what normal people do like shower, brush my teeth, and eat breakfast. At least on 10 separate morning occasions this year, we could not help but notice that the water was randomly turned off for a few hours (and yes, the water bill was up to date). It is quite tricky to get off to a decent start without water.  If you live on the first floor, you will most likely hear some footsteps from the people walking around above you. A few bikes, including mine got stolen recently... but they graciously left us all with front tires.The complex could be pretty chill, it does shine when all is smooth. Hopefully the management can up their game.
2	I have lived in the complex since December of 2012 and will not be renewing my lease with Greystar for a number of reasons. When i first moved into the Enclave i absolutely loved it. The community is great, we had great neighbors and is in a very convenient spot located to everything. The community is made up of young families and college kids. Within the first few months we had a noise complaint because we were playing our music too loud. Understandable. We did not realize the walls were so thin until we had been there for a few months. You can always here the people upstairs, whether it be them walking around or someone getting it on.  Halfway through our lease management changed and we were not notified until it had already happened. Grounds crew is out there every Monday morning i believe but don't really do their job... I take a walk over to the local next door (Spokes) and constantly have to walk off the sidewalks because the bushes ans trees are hanging onto the sidewalk. I remember for a week straight they just had brush that they had cut off sitting right in a walkway until i called and complained. Today i just got my renewal lease, and they wanted to change our rent from 965 to 1004. This apartment community is overrated and overpriced. I love the look of the complex but its poorly maintained and the front  office is very rude and hard to work with. Every time i speak with them, it seems like its an inconvenience for them to help you. DO yourself a favor and look for anohter complex or better yet a house. This place is not worth 1000 a month for a 2 bedroom apartment.
1	Stop. If you're even thinking about living here. Don't. Management is AWFUL! they are so extremely disorganized and blame everything on everyone else in the office. They are extremely unprofessional and do not care about residents at all. The location is pretty good but the rent is still way too high for everything that lacks. The gym is a JOKE. The decor inside is so outdated it's not even funny. They promised updates with the new management but all that happened was an increase in rent ECG month for nothing. I haven't had a single update to my unit, yet new residents are getting brand new aspects to their units that I'm apparently paying for because I have seen nothing new come from my increase in rent. I have NEVER loved anywhere that doesn't offer some sort of incentive to renew one's lease yet they wanted to charge almost $100 more to renew with no increase in amenities or incentive. The management is rude and unprofessional and I just would not waste my money at this terrible complex. I wish I had gone back and signed a lease at CityScape or Grigio or anywhere but here.
1	Do not live here. Worst complex ever. They are completely disorganized, rude and incompetent. 1. They messed up my move in date. I came to the complex with all of my belongings packed and ready to move. I had to wait over 45 minutes for the manager, Monica, to come in. It was almost 10:30 in the morning when she finally came in and had an attitude. She asked why I was here today when my move in date wasn't for two weeks. I had to prove myself to her via emails before she finally admitted any error. I should have taken this as the first sign. They did nothing to make up for any of this or the fact that I needed a place to stay in the mean time.2. They tried to charge me an insufficient notice fee for moving out. They require 60 days notice. I gave 70 days notice. This is the second time I had to prove myself to them via email. Monica continued to try and charge me even after I moved out. I went in to the office before I had paid my final bill, which is when I saw the charge. I gave her over two weeks to call me to discuss this erroneous fee and she did not call until after I moved out. She didn't remove the fee until I threatened my lawyer.3. I went to turn in my keys and no one was able to locate my file. This place is the most disorganized company I have ever worked with. I had to call back the next day and make sure they associated my keys with my correct file. 4. I STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED MY DEPOSIT BACK. I have not lived there for over a month and still have not received it.  They continue to give me the run around and lie about when they sent it out. I had to reach out to headquarters to have anything done. 5. I have lost count of the amount of times someone has promised me a call back and never called. Overall, I would save yourself and not live here. They are rude and do not care at all. The only person who was even remotely kind, honest and competent was Jesus who was in charge of maintenance.
