1	I had the worst customer service experience of my life at the Aveda store in Southpark Mall in Charlotte, NC. I will never shop with Aveda again, and I will tell everyone I know to avoid Aveda as well. I've had better customer service at Wal-mart. Hopefully the problem is isolated to the Southpark store only and not other Aveda stores.
3	Great location in SouthPark Mall. It's an open and clean space with each product neatly organized. I like Aveda's hairspray and husband likes the men's fragrance. Usually when I go in I immediately know exactly what I need. I pick up my products and head to check out. There are times when they ask if I want a hand or shoulder massage, but I'm not the type to get an on-the-spot public massage of any sort. Kind of them to ask anyway. I enjoy getting free samples. But when they run deals for getting a free haircut and style from one of their partner salons, be weary. Upon further investigation, some type of money exchange is involved...puts a damper on the "free" cut and style deal. The service has been good when I've gone, but like I said I usually get in and out...I'm a busy woman on the go. However, each time I've gone in I overhear the cashier talk with the customer in front of me about Aveda points. They have yet to introduce it to me; it took me coming home and looking it up online to see what it was. I guess they're not pushing it like other stores do with points/rewards or they just see me as someone who will turn them down.
2	The Aveda Store has a great location in SouthPark Mall its near one of its centers (where those people can drop after they shopped in comfy couches), near a chocolate store and around the corner from the food court. Once inside it's always open glass doors, you feel a little serene...until the staff gets their eyes on you then it becomes a sell you something moment. Yes, I want the tea but I can I just leisurely go through the store and check things out. My rant: I am not sure if the hair products are the best fit for my hair...nothing against the products and I am by no means a hairdresser- --I try to leave it to the professionals BUT I would like some lotion  and the opportunity to browse. OK, I'm back--Basically I love the store, it's concept and most importantly the hand lotion- I suggest you run to the next Aveda to try it out. Pricey but worth it. I would also sign up for their customer reward card, I do believe they give a birthday gift but never recieved anything else (I guess my points arent adding up to much). No samples but the tea is refreshing.
5	I am not really sure what the partially negative comments are about.  I mean, you may not LOVE the products-- but you have to understand that they are going to work like other products because they are plant based.  Anyway, I think the product is different from the store when it comes to yelp.  Personally, I love Aveda products.  I have unruly curly hair and they work great. But I am not a sole Aveda product user; however, I've tried about everything they have.Anyway! As far as the store goes, I think it's great. The staff is SUPER knowledgeable of the products.  In addition, they are extremely accommodating and hospitable-- not to mention the free services and samples available.  I also like that they are equipped for you to try all of their products from face cleansers to makeup.  Lastly, Aveda has a really great rewards system.  I do think you have to pay for it- but if you are going to buy their products semi-regularly, the $10 membership fee is worth it.If you are looking for products on the more natural side, this is a great store for you.
5	I won a pamerping party from my business card I dropped... it was really nice, me and 5 girlfriends of mine had hand massages, hair/make up touch up, chair massage and goodie bags. I love aveda and their products, the people working are always super helpful.
4	This particular store is almost always running a special for a free mini facial or a $20 haircut for a good cause so I recommend you go in there and ask what they are up to this month. :)
