4	It's like Christmas threw up in there....but in a good way.Sure, I could only afford about 10% of the items in there, but it was a wonder to walk around and see all the millions of items available for your viewing pleasure.There were balls, balls, and more balls!  Christmas balls, that is.I treated myself to some teal balls.  I saw Christmas chickens, odd high heeled stockings with faux fur, freaky bald statuettes with crowns, beds that looked like they were whittled by some extremely talented but extremely bored person, a lot of bling, and lots of other things I can't even remember.  Prices ranged from very reasonable, to expensive but understandable, to ridiculously -why would anyone spend that much money on decor- priced items.The staff was very friendly, and not at all pretentious as you might think, going into a store like that.Rustic STUFF indeed.  I'll go now and hang my balls.  :)
5	This store is pretty cool and I am not one to like stores like this--so that should tell you something about how cool it is.Wife and I have visited about a half dozen times and they redo the store for each holiday. Halloween is sooo cool--my fave! Totally gothic setups and store is laid out to look like different rooms you walk through.Some stuff is pricey, but I think they troll the world looking for items. But you search and can find some really unique, decently priced items for your house. The owners are very nice.
4	Nice store was not expecting such high end furnishings and accessories, but many items reasonably priced. I will actually be back.
5	AHMAZING store! Creative and stunning vignettes throughout the whole place. Not cheap, not even inexpensive, pricey is the word, but you have to pay to be unique sometimes. definitely a treat to see the store, smell the store, touch the things in the store and if you are lucky enough, bring home a special treasure.  It is magical especially this time of year! I love that the employees let you browse without bombarding you with tacky sales pitches. They are there to assist, but let you take it all in at your own pace.
