4	Once again we had a great meal, great service and only a 10 minute wait on a Saturday night for a party of 6 without reservations. We ordered the Guacamole as an appetizer, along with the standard chips, salsa and beans served and it was perfection! The Cadillac Margarita was a little strong for me, but that is my typical response with any Tequila based drink, everyone else loved theirs and we all had a second round. Our server, I wish I could remember her name, was outstanding. She took considerable care to ensure our 'special' order was made as requested and was acceptable. She was courteous without being intrusive and we look forward to seeing her again. The beef burrito, enchilada style will put you in a comfy food coma, and every bite is worth it.
4	The service is outstanding - 5 stars!  The food is really good.  It's not the best Mexican ever, but it is very tasty.  And it's a far better price point than the overpriced, pretentious (but not very good) restaurants in Vegas.I had the fajitas, and they were very tasty, cooked just right.  My husband had the enchiladas suizas and declared them delicious, as well.  We were too tired of Vegas to have a margarita.  Maybe next time!
2	Gorgeous ambiance and amazing aesthetics in the Casino area of ARIA... UN-Fortunately... the food isn't any good and the drinks are mediocre.  Great choice of tequilas and scotch which was cool. You're best off getting chips and salsa and a water, and thats about it.   This is Mexican food for the white man!!  It's not authentic, or traditional, but it is a great place to take a date b/c the decor is amazing.  Too bad the food isn't as good as the venue!  $8 for a tecate and $14 for an average margarita.  If you want great Mexican food with great drinks VISIT "SEGUNDO" by the fashion show mall/RA sushi.  If you don't care about good food but want a nice atmosphere, but all means visit!
2	Overpriced is an understatement.  I was here for work and my boss paid so money personally was no issue but if i'm going to pay 50 bucks for carne asada it better be the best i ever had. It had no flavor or seasoning of any kind other than some salt?  The beans tasted like el pollo loco pinto beans and were covered in water.  I can't even believe the cost of something that plain.  17 dollar margarita?  Yeah i know its not authentic and all that but if i can get better mexican food for a 6th the cost off an east oakland taco truck.  There's a problem. Service was good though and the aria is a nice place to stay.
4	The mexican food is awesome. I went in its first week so they working out the kinks but the team was very attentive, food quality top notch, drinks strong, and atmosphere spectacular.
5	A++  This restaurant is amazing both in atmosphere and menu. The service was excellent. I highly recommend the Cano Azul and La Tablita plates. One of the best Mexican restaurants I have eaten at.  A MUST try!
2	Terrible terrible terrible service. We had a reservation and still waited 40 minutes. We waited 45 minutes for our food and 30 minutes for our bill. The food is okay but overpriced for the quality. The only reason it isn't a 1-star review is the restaurant itself is beautiful; however, I would never return.
5	I have been eagerly anticipating trying this new restaurant, as it is open late, at Aria, and I am a big fan of the Mexican restaurants at MGM properties (e.g. Diego, Border Grill) so I had high expectations.The decor is similar to Lemongrass, with suspended rope effects and lots of wood. The dim atmosphere is very appealing, I prefer dark to light in a restaurant. The skull-themed chainsaw wood carvings on the East wall are a fantastic touch.And the food? Some of the best fresh tortilla chips I've ever had, thin but not too thin. Perfect house salsa, again thin but not too thin, medium-ish spice. Amazingly, you can polish off this entire basket (it's inevitable) and not feel like you've ruined your appetite. As with other MGM Mexican spots, ask for the secret Habanero Salsa - the one at Javier's is cooked with a hint of butter, served warm and comes out orange.Guacamole ($10) - a generous portion, and I prefer Javier's kitchen-made guac to others' tableside versions.Cabo Azul ($28) - Lobster Enchilada, Chile Relleno w/Dungeness Crab and Shrimp, Bonus Ensenada-style Shrimp Taco, Black Bean dip and Rice. Recommended by our server. Delicious and almost overwhelming in terms of deciding where to start and planning my last bite. A fun mini-buffet of Mexican-style seafood. A winner.Got to taste the Chicken Picado ($22) as well - very tasty char-broiled chicken flavor.Cesar, our server, was friendly and made some great menu suggestions. All of the server assistants did a superb job at keeping our drinks and chips topped off.Excited to try the rest of the menu. LOTS of appealing items on it. It would be easy for me to proclaim that this food is 'overpriced' and give it 4 stars instead of 5, but I think if you choose to eat here you know exactly what you're getting into. If you want 'cheap' Mexican food you probably know exactly where to get it. (My 'cheap' Mexican spot is Tacos La Mexicana on Decatur & Twain: $5.49 for 4 Tacos, Rice, Beans and a Drink!) Las manzanas y las naranjas...
4	I was happy to see a Javier's opening in Las Vegas.  It is not the same without the ocean views, but it is still good.  The crowd is also very different, not quite the Newport set.The food is just like the other locations as you would expect.  The service is pretty good as well.  It fits nicely in Aria.I was not too creative with my ordering.  I started out with the queso fundido as always.  I did vary a little with my order.  I ordered the beef taco plate instead of the enchilada with a taco.  Both items ordered were tasty.
1	Went on a date to Javier's and oh, what a horrible experience. Poor service, overpriced food, & mediocre, at best, quality. Poor Service: The restaurant was at maybe 10-20% capacity, so a restaurant inside Aria and priced at this level, one would expect decent service, not so. We did not receive a glass of water or cocktails (ordered soon after sitting down) until well after the food had arrived and a complaint was made. After the complaint, the server went to speak with the manager and all we got was a glance, smirk, & no apology or anything to remedy the serviceOverpriced Food:  $120 for 2 people including 1 drink each is an expensive Mexican joint. Now don't get me wrong, we were fully aware of the price going in, but when one can get better service & food for $100 less...Food Quality: All the food came out luke warm, and the chile relleno, undercooked. Actually, the re-fried beans did come out hot, 10 minutes after the rest of the food had already been dropped off. Cutting into a chile relleno the consistency of rubber, using a butter knife, does not make for an enjoyable meal. After the waitress dropped off the food, she did not check up on us again until the re-fried beans were dropped off, It was then that she asked if everything was okay, and while we did mention the inedible relleno, we did not feel like waiting for another to arrive. By the end of the meal, it was clear both my girlfriend and I were more than disappointed with the overall experience. We thought they may take care of at least the drinks or take a bit off the overall bill...nope, full bill & no apology.
5	Yes indeed! This is by far the most authentic Mexican food I have ever tasted in the US. Born in  Chicago but raised in Mexico, this is why my taste buds are very familiar with Mexican cuisine. I ate the Mole Verde and it was fantastic. Besides the great food and margaritas, the place is just amazingly stunning! They have this gorgeous art work that is a wooden piece of Mexico history... I cant find words to explain so please feel free to check the youtube link below you will not have regrets it!   http://youtu.be/of2E6GAXStg
1	Very unethical and no integrity.  Went in with a comp.  Asked server if they accept it here.  They told me yes and i ordered and ate.  Time to pay the bill and they told me the computer will not accept it and they dont accept the comps anymore.  Got manager and she said same thing.  I told her why should i pay for your employees mistake?  She said sorry, but they cant do anything and they cant discount my bill.  Nice.  What that tells me is if they make a mistake i will pay for it.  If the food is cold, if it takes an hour, if its burnt... you will still pay or it.  When you have so many choices in town (and aria as well), why go there?
5	This place is the spot!  One of the most beautiful restaurants on the strip.  There is a wall one one end, seems to be made out of wood, with skeletons all over it.  Beautiful.  Dimly lit, it's a nice escape from the Aria (not that the Aria is anything to escape from) but you totally feel like you are not in Las Vegas, like LA or NYC.Our waitress recommended the Carnitas to me.  Wow, what a dish.  Huge portion of carnitas, a piece of rib, and all the sides including guac.  Very tender and not fatty at all, which is great.  Can't stand mexican restaurants that serve non lean meat.  I also tried my friend's skirt steak.  Very tender, almost to the point that it was soft like fast food Chinese beef.  Kinda freaked me out a little, buy hey, what can you do??As a local, I always seem to have low expectations of strip restaurants.  But, I was totally surprised.  Prices are decent, but they are well below strip prices.  (Minus the carne asada for $50)  I am actually very curious to see what that tastes like.  But I am willing to pay more since the restaurant is so eye catching, yet subtle at the same time.Top new date spot on the strip!  5 stars all the way.
1	This review is based on the level of service, two items we ordered and the managers cocky attitude when I presented him with some feedback on our first Javier's experience. I'm a local in Vegas and if I'm going out for Mexican food this wont be on my list. For a high end Mexican restaurant this place does not qualify. Save your $$$$$ and go somewhere else. My group ordered 2 shrimp taco plates (2 on each plate) and both plates came out cold. We sent them both back and the plates came out cold again. When paying $$$ for 2 shrimp tacos you expect the kitchen to get it right 50% of the time.  Our other dishes came out fine ( quesadilla and enchilada) but even so not outrageously delicious. Our server didn't come check on us as often as one would expect and we were left dry for a fair amount of the time. We got the bill and I was more than happy to pay but $181 for cold shrimp tacos, a quesadilla, an enchilada, and 2 rounds of drinks???  I asked to speak with the manager and he kept turning things back on me, like I did something wrong. His name was Omar, completely unprofessional and lacked the maturity of a manager for such a high end restaurant. He asked me if I ate all my cold food, I'm like, "I was hungry.... I'm not gonna send my food back again and again and again to keep getting a cold dish". His answer "I'm not giving you a discount". I didn't even ask for a discount but since he shoved that in my face instead of asking me "how can I make your experience more enjoyable", I said "Why not?".  He said "we ate all our food".  I'm trying to help you run your business by giving you constructive feedback and letting you know there was obviously something wrong in the kitchen, but he didn't seem, to care. I'm done ranting on this place, hope everyone else has a better experience than we did, if this review does not turn you away. Otherwise there are a lot of restaurants in Vegas that give much better service and management actually cares what the customer has to say.
4	We were in the Aria looking for the buffet that we thought existed since a lot of the signs inside pointed to their location, but alas, it is not open yet.  We ran into a gentleman coming down the stairs who said he worked at Javier's if we wanted something to eat!  We all decided we could go for Mexican, so we walked on over.  Let me start off by saying the food was amazing!  We all loved our food.  The chips and salsa were very good!  Well, the salsa for sure!  It was so good, we all had to stop eating them to not spoil our appetite for our entree!  And not to mention, the chips and salsa were never ending!  Very good!  I ordered the 2 seafood enchiladas and they were delicious!  Two of my friends ordered the Cabo Azul and loved it!  Even our friend who ordered the quesadillas loved them!  And we have all had the good, the bad, and the ugly of Mexican food!  Javier's is definitely in the GOOD category!  The restaurant was huge and very nicely decorated!  Very dark, but very sexy!!  We loved it!  Our server was on point, we had no complaints there!  The prices were kinda inflated, but it is the Vegas strip, so what would you expect!  Even the bathroom attendant was nice!!  Totally loved my dining experience at Javier's!  One of the best meals we had in Vegas!!
4	Javier's Oh Javiers!! Muchas gracias is all I have to say, and thank you to Aria for putting in this new gem just in time for our weekend getaway. We came here 3 times in the weekend that we were here so that says something about our feelings for Javier's. The place has such a cool atmosphere, ropes coming out of the bar, an incredible panel of skulls and all things scary carved out of wood on one side of the restaurant, really a site to see. The place has this intimate dark feel with mexican music always playing, it's like you just want to be there.Now onto the important stuff, la comida which means food in Spanish. BEST SALSA I have ever had in my life, no seriously, and I'm from Chicago where we have some of the best Mexican restaurants around like Mercadito and Rick Bayless's Frontera Grill, but Javier's salsa and warm chips were just perfection. It was spicy yet flavorful and the chips were thin but not too thin and super crispy and fresh. And it's bottomless so does it get better than that? The one thing we weren't impressed by is the guacamole, it was a tad on the bland side, so if Javier's can kick start it or add some of those salsa ingredients that would be fab-u-lous! Our friends got the seafood quesadillas, nachos, enchiladas and they really enjoyed all.Now the very best part, the margaritas! Those drinks kept us coming back for more and more, we could not get enough of them. They were the perfect combo of sweet, sour, savory, right amount of tequilla, and they were the regular ones, OH EM GEE, just amazing, I'll be dreaming of them forever. Or I'll go to Cabo as the server recommended to Javier's on the beach. The service isn't the best as I would agree with some of the reviews, but they are definitely sweet people working there. We left full, happy, and tipsy. Javier's was our Aria's guilty pleasure and it is open till 2am so that's a big plus! Will definitely be back!!!
5	Definitely upper end Mexican food - meaning price and most importantly, quality. First of all, the service was EXCELLENT. They have either shaped up or other reviewers had bad waiters. We didn't see it and are glad we gave them a shot. Ambiance is chic and dark with a good flow. Food was well prepared. The salsa was extremely tasty with a nice spicy punch. Enchilada Poblanos was filling and had lots of flavor. Margaritas were top shelf. Would definitely recommend to others and plan to come back next time we're in town.
3	I love mexican food. I also love good prices and good quality (home made flavour) so this review is based in my perspective.....We made reservations (for two) got there on time, we were seated rigth away.Waiters were all friendly and fast.Food was good i got the carnitas its served with rice, beans,salsa,tortillas,guacamole. Since its a fancy restaurant ($$) u get ur plate n everything is looking cute,pretty n smaller proportion, (im more the type of big portions served all over the plate lol)  Taste: carnitas were soft n moist, falling off the bone. Beans tasted homemade. Guacamole was good. Salsa was ok. So we asked for the house spicier salsa if they had one n they did! and i mean spicy homemade salsa, (u only get it if u order it)  it was really good habanero salsa, do not order unless u like it super spicy .... otherwise stick with :it says hot in the bottle but its really not : cholula.Javiers margarita was 15 bucks, pricey for a drink.... It was ok Dessert: fried icecream, it was vanilla icecream on top of a mexican bunuelo  ( fried dough with cinammon n sugar) it was tasty.Restaurant itself: this was the reason why we decide to dine here, the decor looks so cool n unique, comfy chairs.So overall food is good - no complaints there, but pricey. It was round 100 bucks for our dinner, kinda pricey for me,  but if you like mexican food, good service and fancy ambient come here.
1	Terrible service. Manager (Omar) was unwilling to listen at all. Our food came out cold twice but the server never came back so we finally just ate the cold food. I'm local and I can tell you there are far better Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas. The prices were about double what I've seen and for that I would expect someone to care. We probably saw our server three times and we had to be the annoying people who asked other servers for drinks, forks, etc. I would suggest avoiding this place.
5	This place is DELICIOUS!!! We stayed at the Aria and ate 3 of our 6 meals here! The chips and salsa set the tone of any Mexican restaurant in my opinion. This place does not disappoint in that department! Crispy, extra crunchy chips and very flavorful, spicy salsa. One meal was seafood nachos, the next seafood quesadillas, and lastly seafood enchilada trio.  Yes, seafood galore, I know. But it's fresh and tasty. The bar location is perfect to grab a bite or sit in the dining area and relax. I don't understand why some people think this place is pricey. We pay these prices in Chicago. The portions seemed normal to me, not small. Perhaps it's just various demographics, but I recommended this place to anyone who would listen and even to some who wouldn't! I know this place from Southern Cali and its just as good in Vegas. A must if you're staying at Aria and check it out if you are just in the area. I will definitely be back!
5	Seriously, I think this is some of the best Mexican food I've ever had, and my husband agreed!  Javier's is pretty new restaurant in the Aria, and it is absolutely gorgeous.  Think upscale with old macabre carvings, candlelight, and dark wood.  Sit in the horseshoe-shaped booths if you can - very romantic!They started us out with chips and salsa - the chips were still hot and the salsa was perfection!  You can tell a lot about a place from the salsa.  I wish I could have tried a cocktail (and I suppose I could have) but it was noon and I still hadn't had my morning coffee.  In hindsight, go for the cocktail.  Chips and salsa + coffee = weird.  Chips and salsa + a margarita = just right.  My man had the Cabo Azul combination plate, and I filched more than a few bites.  Just the right touch with seafood and sauces!  I had the chile relleno with picadillo and that was also delicious.  The beans and rice were not an afterthought, either - they stood out on their own with the right seasoning and flavor.  Loved it!
4	Really Good food!!!
4	Only if my taste buds were on my eyes. The place is astonishing! Love the white walls the dark woods the dark leather and the accent wrought iron. All in a some kind of Moroccan architecture with ogival arches and hanging ropes imitating giant draperies. There's also the largest chainsaw carved piece of art hanging on one of the walls that suppose to tell the history of the Mayans but all I saw was skeletons scattered all over, maybe it tells the Mayan present and not the past. still ....a real feast to my eyes! This is the place where you would probably find the most interesting man in the world having lunch!...... So I ordered a Dos Equis and asked for the menu.The food.... where do I start? Oh yes! With the chips and salsa of course. The first rule to tell if a restaurant is committed to quality is with the chips. Room temperature chips = corner cutting restaurant. Warm chips = will go the extra mile for you restaurant. Well I'm happy to inform you that the chips were not only warm, they were also crispy and tasty! and that's before adding the salsa!....now to the not so great. I was really hoping for something different on the menu since by looking at the place it is obvious that Javier wants to set himself apart from most typical Mexican restaurants but unlike the decor the menu at Javiers was as boring as any taco shop menu in town. To be fair they do serve steaks and some vegetarian items but you'll pay for that!  Yes the prices are a little bit high for a Mexican restaurant.Carne asada 50.00, filete ladrillo 60.00 filete antiguo 45.00 but like everyone else says..."this is the strip!".... I don't care, you just don't buy silver and pay for gold! ..oh yes, I've paid more for food before but for stuff that I couldn't pronounce and definitely not in a Mexican restaurant...call me el cheapo but I skipped those items and settled for a taco an enchilada and a chile relleno combo. Food came out kinda warm almost cold even though the plate felt hotter than the food which I didn't understand but I was hungry and it was warm enough and edible so I ate it but shouldn't be acceptable at those prices.  Service was kinda slow. I had to wait between beers and to order and the place wasn't busy at that time. I think they were saving their energy for rush hour or something. I didn't mind at the time since I wasn't in a hurry and also it gave me time to take some pictures. but at the end although I think the food is good but nothing that would make me go out of my way to get as if it was something that would go through a rolled one hundred dollar bill. I would probably try it again but only if I'm in the area. I do have one complaint.....Javier, what's up with the music? That's the stuff you would listen to at Mariana's supermarket while pushing a shopping cart or at the broad acres swap meet while you bite into an elote. I'm sure you can come up with something a little bit more original. How about some Mana, Sin Banderas, or play some pandora....and get rid of all those eight tracks!In conclusion. This place gets 3.5 stars in my opinion. The food is decent, the place is beautiful, and so was the staff that was working at that time....if only my taste buds were on my eyes. 100th review!     *opens champagne*
3	The decor was really beautiful but the food was ok. The chips were very plain. It was too dark to see the menu - the waiter actually gave us a small flashlight to see it.  The chicken quesadilla was pretty good, but over all it was a little disappointing.  We won't go back.
5	I have never been to a Javier's due to my location on the east coast.  My husband suggested it as a good place to try for a casual dinner while in Vegas last week.  It was the best Mexican food I have ever had!We walked up without a reservation and did not have to wait for a table.  That was great.  We were quickly greeted with water and chips and salsa.  The salsa was so fresh, and delicious my husband did not even mind the cilantro in it (he usually hates cilantro)  The chips were crunchy and seemed freshly made.Granted the food is a little expensive for Mexican food, but this is not expensive by Las Vegas standards.  I had the enchilada and taco combo, and I was not disappointed.  The food looked so nice on the plate and tasted even better.  The rice and beans were delicious also.  I had a strawberry margarita and was in heaven!My DH had the combo with an enchilada, taco and chille relleno.  he loved every bite.  he had two margaritas and really enjoyed them.  Apparently the restaurant is known for their margaritas.  The bartenders were busy making them and from what I could tell, the whole restaurant was happy with them!The service was great, the entire waistaff was dressed professionally in black ties and white dress shirts. They were quick to get you a refill and the food came out fast.  We are definitely going back to Javier's next time we are in Las Vegas!
3	went over the weekend for a friends birthday....  the restaurant was so dark i could barely read my menu, but the service was amazing, i never had to ask for a refill and it seemed like there was a constant flow of chips and really good salsa, i doubt it was made in housei ordered a carne asada quesadilla....whatever was inside my quesadilla was not carne asada.  it was very bland, no marinade to differentiate mexican food from what i could make at home let alone even any salt and pepper and unfortunately my steak was really fatty and chewy...it was edible, but nowhere near the $20 i paid for it.  gotta love vegas!  if you want amazing mexican food, go to the border grill in mandalay bay...my friends and i werent willing to travel that far and we were in the mood to try something new....the guacamole was really good, but i doubt they made that fresh...cool restaurant to look around in, maybe just go and have chips, salsa, guac and a margarita....go spend your money gambling if youre just gonna throw it away ;)
1	One of the worst most expensive Mexican restaurant I have ever been to. I live in Los Angeles and am used to good Mexican food and this was a disaster. I think I could find a taco truck that serves better Mexican food. The only good factor was the martini but at $17.00 it still left a lot to be desired. I ordered a chipotle chicken that was tiny, ice cold and at $28.00 a complete rip off. I had to send the meal back and was told it would only take a couple of minutes to get my Pollo Asado. Twenty minutes later I had not gotten it and my guest had already completed their meal. When the dish finally arrived it was a plain chicken breast, a side of beans, and a Chile pepper. It looked like something you would get at Baja Fresh.  Our bill was $85.00 for two entrees and two martinis. At these prices you would expect something unique. I have had better food at Chipotles and spent$ 10.00.
4	I rate Javier's Finest Foods of Mexico Restaurant 4 of 5 stars. Newly opened next to the casino floor in the Aria Hotel and Casino in City Center, Las Vegas, NV, Javier's is a beautiful facility. Mostly done in dark colors (black) with strategic lighting it is a comfortable place to dine. First impressions of any Mexican restaurant will be the salsa and chips--well after two full baskets of chips and two dishes of salsa, I can say that I approve of the salsa; in fact it is really good!Javier's has a complex menu of choices including several house specials. Well, I'm a simple guy and ordered the Enchilada and Taco combination plate. Not your usual Taco Bell food! High quality food, well prepared and nicely presented. The taco was crisp and crunchy and tasted great. While higher priced than your local family joint, if you are in Vegas and looking for a great up-scale Mexican meal, I can highly recommend Javier's. In fact, on future visits to Aria, Javier's is on my list of things to do again. Oh, while you are in Javier's, make sure you get a close look at the back wall of all hand carved figures; a must see!
5	Best chips and salsa ever!  The lobster enchilada was to die for.  I have no complaints.
3	3.5 stars if I could. Got a comp credit to this little gem inside Aria. The place ain't no taco bell, with beautiful decor and a nice "liquor tree". Very intimate and inviting atmosphere. This upscale-ness is certainly reflected in the price with many, entrees wavering around $20-much more than you would expect from a typical Mexican restaurant. Free chips and salsa-Salsa was a little hot and that basket of chips was huge!Didn't get to try any entrees since we were stuffed already from a pre-dinner. But we did get drinks and dessert.Mango and strawberry margaritas---but their mango margarita was delicious! Blended nomnomness.  Caesar Salad-Caesar salad dressed up with little tortilla chips...Tiny, tiny portion. Not worth that dough my friends. Also tried the flan and the fried ice cream. The flan was good, creamy and not too sweet, but I'm more used to a creamy, coffee flavored Vietnamese flan. The fried ice cream was much different than the tempura kind you find at Japanese joints. Vanilla ice cream covered in some kind of nuts in a fried bowl that was cinammon-sugar dusted. Service was EXCELLENT. So kind and attentive. I would come back just for the service.But that price...2 margaritas + 1 salad + 2 desserts = $60. Welcome to Vegas.
1	Huge disappointment.   Best chips and salsa, not! Had taco dinner, no taste at all and the chicken and steak was overcooked and cold.  My husbands dinner also overcooked.  Passed up a great Italian dinner to try this place.  Big mistake.  Way overpriced for what we got.  The music was too loud and so dark we could hardly read the menu.  The only thing good about this place was the service.  Too bad the food isn't as good as the service.
4	I love Javier's in OC and here.  We ate here for NYE and their was a 30 minutes wait for seating and we just sat at the bar.  The food was well done.  I had the Chicken Enchiladas and Beef Crispy Taco with a Corona, $30 bucks.  This is somewhere I can go and know it's going to be good.
3	We ate lunch here during our stay at the Aria for New Years. We love Javier's in Newport but were disappointed with this one. Shrimp tacos were pretty bland. I had the seafood quesadilla, which was good - just not up to par with Javier's in Newport.
5	Great food, good service and great looking restaurant.
3	Went for my birthday dinner this weekend and decided to try Javier's. I have to say that I'm disappointed with my experience. Food was so-so, definitely over-priced and it was small portions. Location is beautiful and decor is breath taking. Margaritas cost about $15 but they were probably the best thing about dinner.
4	Great food! I have already reviewed Javiers in Newport Coast, CA, this is the same great Mexican cusine and the same owners. Impecible service and delicious food. Decor and atmosphere is great. I suggest reservations for prime dining times on weekends. This is the best Mexican food I have eaten in Las Vegas and I have eaten at most of them on the strip.
4	Enjoyed Javier's A LOT!! We got a round of the pomegranate margaritas and they were soo good! Almost addicting, until you realize the price! They are from Crystal Cove and now on the Las Vegas Strip, so the pricing is understandable, but Javier's would be a million times better if the prices were a wee bit lower!! I had steak fajitas! For the most part they were nearly amazing, as was our experience! The vibe is fun especially the later it gets. Being from Las Vegas we were so happy to hear they opened one in City Center and are happy to say we will make the drive to the strip for this wonderful Mexican food!
5	This place came highly recommended by my friends in California. It was a hit! Of course everywhere you go in Vegas you are going to pay high prices for food and especially drinks. There was just something about this place's atmosphere that fit me. I totally loved the feel in the Aria Resort, but most likely would never stay there unless they had some kind of a deal. But, certainly worth walking here and enjoying your evening.
4	On my last trip to Vegas, I did both dinner and drinks at Javier's.For dinner, I had the chicken mole enchiladas.  The mole was outstanding.  The salsa that comes with the chips was flavorful.  The margaritas (especially the Granada, with pomegranate) were delicious.  And service was prompt and friendly.  It's a bit on the expensive side: $20 for 2 enchiladas and the standard sides of beans and rice.I liked the drinks so much that I came in for happy hour a few days later.  This time, I sat at the bar, and despite the fact that there appeared to be as many bartenders as patrons (three), it took nearly 10 minutes to get someone's attention and place my order.  Still, the margaritas were again delicious.Worth checking out, keeping the price point in mind.
4	So we went here for dinner while travelling to Vegas. We were in the food for an authentic mexican restaurant and our concierge at Bellagio recommended Diablos and Javiers as the only two mexican restaurants in town, which we found odd but went with it. we made reservations at Javiers and went along our day. During the day, we walked around and found many different mexican restaurants but still wanted to wait for javier's. When we arrived at Javiers, we were immediately struck by the amazing lounge-style ambiance which we love. They took us to our table which was situated just in the right spot where we with others but had our privacy. this restaurant was a little dark whereby it was hard to read our menus but got through it. We ordered some traditional dishes like enchiladas, tacos, my wife ordered salmon, and the other couple also ordered tacos, and chicken dishes. My review for this restaurant was that the drinks were pretty good and so was the food. I believe 3 out of 4 of us enjoyed our food and loved the Molten Chocolate cake as well. great place for good mexican food!
2	Went here on a Friday night with a party of 7. Food is very good and reasonably priced for Vegas however service was terrible. More than 40 mins to get our food, plus our bill was wrong and management was rude and refused to credit us.
4	I've been to Javier's in Newport beach, so when I heard there was a Javier's inside the Aria hotel in Vegas, I had to check it out! Very different vibe than the other location, but I love them both!! This one is in the middle of a casino floor so you'd expect it to not feel as intimate as it does, but I was pleasantly surprised! I supposed table location is important? The service is STELLAR! Food is delicious (I had the vegetable enchiladas) and the music was excellent (not sure if it was coming from the restaurant or the nearby casino floor?) I loved the fact that they had a large private dining room if you wanted to have a (semi) private party. The prices are a bit steep ($20+ for a salad??) but hey, you are in Vegas right  = )
4	Javier's! It's one of my favorite restaurants in California and now it's in Aria! Yes! Yes! Yes! It's been a long time coming. I've eaten here an upwards of a dozen or so times. Dining in at one of the tables was stuffy, really dark and the server messed up more than once on our order and drinks. I'm thinking great...they bring my favorite california restaurant out here and messed it up! The next time I came I had to drag my boyfriend because he was less than impressed with our first visit. We sat at the bar and YES this is the vibe and food we were looking for. Food came out quick! 10 minute quick! Service was great even though the bar was busy. Now we dine here once a week or call our order in and go pick it up. The tacos are our favorite pick. We get them, crunchy, soft, filled with steak or chicken. If you haven't eaten here do so! I would suggest the bar though. They try a little to hard to make it Vegas fine dining. When your ordering tacos and snacking on chips and salsa (which btw are MMMAZING) it just doesn't add up.
2	I had been dying to eat here because I'm drawn to the decor in the place, it's BEAUTIFUL inside. However, the moment I tasted my margarita I knew I wasn't in for a delicious meal. If they can't make a proper margarita for $15 it's a problem. We got the shrimp ceviche which was tasty enough but not great. The carnitas were over cooked and over priced and the lobster enchiladas were again not good and over priced. The service was good and the place is beautiful but I still can't believe we payed $100 to eat that.
1	This restaurant is NOT baby friendly. A towel lady in the bathroom told me I could NOT change my babies diaper, so I was forced to change it at the dinning table. This is very insulting to all mothers out there, and their customers. I'm sure the next guest at our table would love to know that there is possibly poop left over from my babies dirty diaper. Thank you Javier's for showing your true ignorant colors.
4	I think I've found a new favorite. But, in all fairness, I may have to wait until I've had a full meal to decide for sure.First of all, I'm a sucker for ambiance and Javier's doesn't disappoint. The restaurant is truly beautiful and has very unique look. My friends and I just went for appetizers and wine, so I can't comment on the entrees, but the foods we had to snack on were delicious. Even the chips and salsa were unusually good. I can't wait to go back for a full meal. Our server was very professional and one of the kindest I've ever had. And given the location and the quality of the restaurant, the prices were quite reasonable. 4.5 stars.
3	Great Salsa!!!!  The service is okay but the bartenders are great!  Good carnitas.
4	Dining amidst anguished skeletons.  No, not our wizened elders who lost too much at video poker but rather huge unnerving bas reliefs prominently displayed in the unique dining space.  It sets the tone for an interesting meal.This is not street food.  Mexican by design but SoCal in cuisine.  Outstanding ingredients create pumped up, exciting, familiar flavors unattainable in Mexico (Dungeness crab, Maine lobster, day boat scallops).  Get it?Straight to it, the "Cabo Azul" is delicious and the best way to sample multiple seafood dishes.  (1) incredible, perfectly cooked, sweet Maine lobster enchilada enveloped in a creamy, slightly spicy pasilla pepper sauce.  (1) grilled relleno stuffed full with cheese, shrimp and Dungeness crab in a light, earthy, relleno sauce.  (1) outstanding Ensenada style shrimp taco in a lightly crisp, grilled flour tortilla.  All three plus the usual sides..  The beauty of it all, the flavors mix and match making it one great plate of food.For scallop lovers, the "Callitos Mazatlan".  Pan seared in a creamy, chipotle sauce.  The mild chili flavor and heat accentuates the sweetness of the scallop while the rich cream, the oceanic flavor.  Great surf and turf options.  The "Filete Costeno" marries a prime, cooked to temperature filet with a Dungeness crab enchilada (in cream sauce), and cotija / jack cheese stuffed chilies.  The flavors combine so well, you're almost tempted to cut everything into bite size pieces and mix it up.  Almost.Vast selection of tequila.  Ordering a call margarita can be daunting.  Better to just enjoy a snifter of the best after dinner (yes, it's serious quality tequila).Efficient and friendly service.Prices?  Lets just say they serve complimentary, fresh, warm chips to accompany house made salsas.  It's Vegas baby!
3	Decent (higher end) Mexican food, very nice decor, very good service - enough said. I'll be back ( Like Arnold has said)
3	The Margaritas are the BEST!!! However they are a bit expensivo but let me tell you how you fix this problem. Have at least three because after the 2nd you wont give a damn how much they cost cuz your buzz will have you as happy as a hippo.As for the food at this Javier's, well it's not all that. Yes the food is good but since its Vegas you can defiantly find a better dinning experience elsewhere. Stick to the drinks, hold up the bar and enjoy the eye candy the Aria hotel has to offer. Hopefully the bartenders are more friendly and attentive because they were slow when I visited this Javier's. Enjoy  the margaritas and Hasta La Vista Baby.
1	This restaurant is NOT baby friendly.  A towel lady in the women's bathroom told me I could not change my baby's dirty diaper in their restroom.  I believe her exact words were "you can't bring that thing in here".  I had no choice but to change her at our dining table.  I'm sure the next customers to sit our table would love to know that there could possibly be poop left over on the table of this dark and dingy restaurant.  The food is way over priced and nothing special.  I've been to a Sharkey's restaurant with better quality of food.  The drink prices are ridiculous, $15 for the smallest and worst tasting cadillac margarita I've ever had.  If you don't have a baby, and like over paying for drinks and crap food Javier's Las Vegas is your place.
5	I've heard great things about Javier's in Laguna Beach and was glad they open one in the Aira in Las Vegas.It wasn't cheap , but most good things aren't .Great shrimp Cerviche.There house specialty crab and shrimp enchilada are amazing.The carnitas are trended served  on the bone,Good margarita'sThey have some great salsa, the habanero was very hot ( duh) with great flavor.Service was  goodI hope Javier's opens one close to my house.
1	I was at the Aria for a conference and stopped by this evening for a bite to eat at the bar.   The bartender was really nice, had a couple margaritas which were fantastic then ordered Carnitas for dinner.    When my food arrived the presentation was good but the meat was so incredibly dry I could barely pull it apart.   I complained twice  to the bar tender expecting him to offer  me something else and he just kind of shrugged and told me they are usually very tender.  I expected a litte more from  a place where you are paying $30 bucks a plate.   The fact that they didn't attempt to correct the problem really bothered me....$60 buck dinner tab which was pretty crappy all the way around.
1	Not worth the money. For "fine Mexican food", it was cold and my $17 martini glass was dirty! Service wasn't good either. Won't be going back:(
4	Ate here for lunch and was pleasantly surprised at how good it was.  They have some very spicy salsa but you have to ask for it.  Delish!Jalapeno margaritas?   Yes please!   I can't tell you how many of these I had.  VERY pricey but I couldn't stop myself.  I had the crab and shrimp quesadilla which was fabulous.
1	The Highs:AmbianceDrinksChips/SalsaStaffLows:THE FOOD!  Let me list a few places that serve better Mexican food than this place:  Chipotle, any local taco stand, and 1000's of small independent Mexican restaurants.  The food here is remarkably average and super overpriced.  We only ate here because we were in meetings all day and didn't want to venture outside of the hotel for dinner.  I can only deduce that captive hotel guests are the reason this place stays in business.
4	What a great surprise.  We were walking to another hotel to find a different restaurant for lunch and we saw Javier's.  It looked cool inside and had a Tequila Tree and awesome wood carvings.  Our group of six decided to try it.  We are glad we did.Our ladies had the Margarita Organi and loved them.  Our table had the Carnitas, Enchiladas Meris, Enchilada Poblan and the Tacos De Camaron.  Great fresh flavors, spice that was right on and service from Roberto that could not be beat.  Thank you.  We are looking forward to seeing you again soon.
4	Delicious and a beautiful dining experience!  Located right on the Casino floor, I picked Javier's as the "date night" spot for mine and my fiance's trip to Vegas for his birthday.  Dimly lit and intimate, this restaurant lives up to the hype.  And of course, they have a killer margarita menu full of all kinds of exotic flavors.Here's what we ordered:We each had a margarita including one that was laced with jalepenos.  The margaritas are both power packed and unique.  They take some time to create but they are worth the wait.We started with the ceviche de camaron and of course the complimentary chips and salsa.  The table salsa is delectable and we gobbled it in a hurry with our drinks.  The ceviche is super rich in flavor and chunky.  Very tasty.  The serving size is enough to feed 2-3 people comfortably without being overstuffed.For dinner, I ordered the Pollo a la Chipotle.  Warning - if you've loaded up on the chips/salsa and anything else to eat before this, you will feel SUPER full.  This entree is delicious but it's seriously filling and rich in flavor.  The sauce is incredibly creamy and there is tons of it to lather the chicken in.I passed on dessert because I was super full but I wouldn't doubt that it would be tasty!  Bring someone special here, you can enjoy a lovely candlelit dinner and some good eats while you're at it.  Sit near the door/windows and also people watch at the casino.And of course, the service is exceptional.  You will love the treatment.
2	Really liked the decor and they gave us a good table. But in general, I didn't really like my bland tacos and the service was just ok. I think if you're in Aria you have to step it up.
3	I only had drinks at the bar with my friend but the place is really cool looking inside.  Not as cool as the one in Newport but it's very nice.  Like most Vegas versions of another place it's missing something...oh yeah, it's the view of the ocean.  Don't worry, the cigarette smoke coming in from the casino floor isn't terribly bad and there's plenty of working girls sitting at the bar to take place of the lack of a view.
3	Overall a decent meal. My wife had spinach enchiladas and enjoyed them. She said the rice was way too salty but the rest was good. I had steak fajitas. The steak was seasoned to perfection and was very tender. The beans were good and there was a nice accompaniment of veggies and condiments. The staff was very friendly and fast. My only complaint is that of many other reviews, the food was good but not special enough to substantiate the cost. Our meal came to $65 and this was with no drinks.
4	Food was ok, there are better Mexican restaurants that are cheaper and better, but the POMEGRANATE Margarita is sooooo super delicious! it's been a month since I've had it and I still can't stop thinking about it.  I will come back to just have this!
5	Absolutely delicious! I ate there twice on my business trip - it was that good! Best salsa I've had in a long time. The La Tablita was deliscious, as wwere the Carnitas. I loved the pickeled jalepones. I didn't think the prices were bad for Vegas either.
5	Great atmosphere, great price, and delicious food.  I couldn't ask for anything more.
4	I ate here for lunch last Friday with my wife and my mom.  It's located inside the Aria hotel.  This place is what I would consider upscale mexican food.  The decor is very cool, and they even have what they call a "tequilla tree" near where we sat.  We had a nice, big, and comfortable booth to sit in.  First off, I want to say that the service here was absolutely fantastic.  Our server, whose name escapes me, took great care of us throughout our meal.  I had never had mole sauce, and he brought us all some to try before we ordered.  I was immediately sold on it and ordered the chicken enchiladas with mole sauce.  My wife ordered chicken tacos while my mom ordered the beef tacos.  It was a simple, yet very good lunch.  They give you chips and salsa when you sit down, so be careful not to fill up on those, as it's very good.  Everything here is very fresh and home made.  Our server even gave us a complimentary fried ice cream for dessert.  I will most definitely come back here again.
4	Food was fabulous!!! Drinks were delicious!!! Definitely will go back!!!  Must try the seafood enchiladas.... Yum!!!
3	Unfortunately like most things in Aria, this place is way overpriced for what you get. The restaurant does have a cool ambiance but the food is nothing special, especially for $30+ a plate. The drinks were good and food was decent, but I wouldn't come back here. I can't say I know a good Mexican substitute in Vegas, but I know there are many better restaurants on the strip to dine at.
4	Came here on a business trip and loved it. The ambiance was cozy and pretty. The food was really good. The service left a little to be desired but they were pretty busy when I was there. The margaritas were spectacular and something that they boast since they have an extensive selection of tequila.
1	This place was very disappointing and there is no way that I will ever return. The service was absolutely horrible. Took forever to get drink menus, the waiter was a scatter brain, and it looked like this was happening at every table. We ordered a lot of different drinks, it took forever to get them and they were HORRIBLE. They all tasted like water, no alcohol at all. When you are paying 17 for a martini, they better put some alcohol in it. The guacamole was good but they put a huge piece of Romaine Lettuce in it so it takes up half of the bowl. Totally not worth it and definitely not for more than 2 people. 2 people at our table ordered the same item for dinner and they both came out missing an item. Are you kidding me?? They didn't bring the items back to the table until we were finished eating. We were here for a birthday and they never brought out the birthday dessert. By the time we got home, I had food poisoning like you can not even imagine!! Thanks Javier's! Still feel sick, hoping this will go away soon. Save your money and eat at Taco Bell. It will be a much better experience.
3	Definitely need to make reservation. This place is full 90%of the time !This is a beautiful restaurant when it comes to decoration. I do personally think the tables are too close to each other, you can literally hear others' conversation even you don't want to by sitting right next to their table and also the booth seating is not facing the casino but rather facing another table. While we were there, we are a party of 3 girls and we had a booth. The whole time the couple, who were at the table right in front of us kept turning their heads to us. It is rather distracting for both tables. The restaurant has dark wood decor and their massive art piece at the very end on the wall. That's made by a famous Mexican Artist on a solid wood piece with a chainsaw. I highly recommend anybody who plans on visiting the restaurant or Aria check out this video : http://vegas.eater.com/archives/2012/10/15/watch-the-worlds-largest-chainsaw-art-being-made.phpWhen it comes to food, I am a big fan of their appetizers and frenshly made margaritas than their entrees. I ordered Seafood Enchiladas, it is fresh and tastes good but didn't really impress me or give me any wow moment. However, their cocktails are amazing. Between three of us, we had Jalepino Margarita, Cucumber Margarita and Tamary Margarita. They are all delicious. The bartender made them pretty strong too, and of course no complaints on that :-)The service is the reason I only gave a 3 star for this restaurant. We were here for a work invite. Unlike any other restaurants, from the server, the busser to the manager, nobody knows what to do. The manager didn't come to the table and tried to "sell" the restaurant. The server didn't know how to handle the ordering. The busser came by 3 different times asking if we ordered bottle of water or tap water. I am not impressed at all. Another thing that I don't think this restaurant can rate itself as fine dining is that the server didn't bring our food together when serving, and they asked us who ordered what again after he had taken our orders. I would come back for the drinks and appetizers for sure.
5	Best mexican food in Vegas.
4	The ambiance was really nice. The service was outstanding. The drinks were strong and tasty. But the food was regular.I guess I expected a mind blowing experience and all I got was regular Mexican food. I mean, Las Margaritas does it better. But I digress. Looking back, the experience was pleasant so I have to rate it accordingly.I bought into the hype and got the jalapeno margarita - It was exquisite! The freshness of the pepper, the underlying heat and the cool of the lime balance perfectly. I wanted to try the cucumber margarita too but I had already fallen for the sweet heat of the pepper. I had the enchiladas suizas (chicken with tomatillo sauce). It was tasty. Javier's gets the points for service and demand. So many people got denied requests for tables as I waited for my group's table to be prepared. That made me glad that I made the reservation months in advance:)
2	Deep in the belly of Aria rests the higher-end Mexican restaurant, Javier's. We came here as a small group of four, and right off the bat the staff was welcoming and accommodating.  We came with an open mind, knowing that prices on the strip are much more than similar places off the strip.  It was a night out, so not a big deal.  We sat under the huge wood piece of the dead, which looks fantastic in a Mexican restaurant!  If it were anywhere else, I'd say let's go someplace else.  I ordered the fajitas de pollo, but it came out as the fajitas de beef.  Still, it was very tasty, so no complaints here.  Not a lot of food for the price, but I ate the hell outta their chips and salsa, so I was none too hungry.  Now I rarely drink, but I had to try their margarita de grenada, the pomegranate one.  For $15, it better have some kick to it.  Someone tell me why it was like drinking generic brand kool-aide?  Really!  It had about as much alcohol content as a bottle of water.  Pathetic.  So, it was somewhat of a nice dining experience, but truly, I have experienced better.  I think Javier's could get more stars from me if their bartenders weren't stingy.  Also, if they had a happy hour, or a set price group dining option.
4	Amazing bar scene!
4	Went to Javier's on a whim after a long gamble at the Aria to grab some eats. Being from Texas and used to Tex-Mex I was excited to see what they had to offer. Note: I was told they have no relation to the Javier's in Dallas.The ambiance is an old world Mexican cantina. White plaster walls and iron adorn the restaurant, while a round wooden bar sits well positioned at the entrance. The bathrooms are quite nice and have a rather chatty attendant... who isn't too intrusive but makes his presence known.Obviously I had to try their margarita, which was great... not the best... but very good, nonetheless. The guacamole was small and perfect for two people to share. It lacked cilantro, which is a must in any guacamole I prepare myself. Good not great.The chips and salsa were really the highlight. Very reminiscent of my childhood eating in Tex-Mex cantinas with my parents and welcome callback from my past. It's a little sweeter than most salsas, but it tasted quite fresh, I enjoyed it considerably. As I did the chips. They tasted fresh.I had a taco enchilada platter that was very good. Everything tasted very Tex-Mex. Perfect seasoning, perfect heat, and the taste was very good. I had seen reviews before I went that the service was very lacking. The restaurant was probably about a third full (it was early in the evening) and I was quite aware that our service may not be very good. But, I'm quite happy to report that the service was good to great.I wish I could give it 5 stars... but it's more like a 4.5 star restaurant for me. The ambiance was a little too dark and the walls felt a little too cold and a little too bare for me. Overall, I really enjoyed the experience and the food and drink are very good quality Tex-Mex. Especially in Las Vegas. I will absolutely be returning and hope to make this a go-to spot in future Las Vegas visits.
2	Park @ Aria North Valet. While the company and margaritas were fantastic that's where the good times ended. I, for one, am never going back to Javier's. The food is just, ok and definitely not worth the price charged. We were told in advance that they were unable to split the check, which sucks when your going with a group of friends, but we went with it. Most of us had cash and paid accordingly, but there were two that used their cards. For some reason, when the cashier got the bill back she charged one card the entire $433. Completely ignoring the $350 that was in it. I'm unsure what she thought that $350 in cash was for at that point. On top of that, in trying to remedy the problem, they charged her the correct amount and double charged the other friend for her portion of the bill. When called over, the manager was in a word - INEFFECTIVE!! We were told that the $433 hold should drop from my friend's account....we'll see.
3	Yelptariat wins again--3.5 stars. What place doesn't split checks even at the bar? That's absurd. If I walked up to a bar and struck up a conversation with somebody, would my drink be added to their tab automatically? Major dislike points for this policy. I'll spare the ad nauseam of every last detail, but I had a lunch here for 7 people. For $16, my enchiladas were okay, but not the most fantastic. Everyone else seemed just "whelmed" by their meal as well. Service on the slow side as well. I would definitely come back to the bar (alone, obviously, or with cash because of their stupid no check splitting policy) for the excellent margaritas. I had the pineapple and the Javier--both were excellent. My friend had jalapeno--also excellent. The ambiance is great, but with all the other details lacking, it would be hard for me to patronize this place again for a meal.
5	If you like sampling things, you are hungry, and like seafood order the Cabo Azul ($30 price range). It includes one seafood stuffed chile relleno, one lobster enchilada and one shrimp taco, accompanied by white rice and black beans. Everything here was wonderful including the service. Large margarita menu at about $15 each. Premium tequilas only. Only complaint was that they wouldn't seat half of our party of 4 until we were all there and there were plenty of open tables.
5	What a place! It was my first time at Aria and I simply loved it! We decided to eat at Javier's since the decor was so inviting. You have to see it to believe it. The food is super fresh and extremely tasty and the service is top notch. I wasn't feeling too hungry so I got the ceviche with octopus on recommendation from our server and it was probably the best I have ever eaten. The chips are fresh and the salsa is spicy!The design detail of this place is outstanding. You have to go there to take a look even if you're not close by, it's well worth the cab ride. I hope to go back and have a full meal.
4	What an amazing experience, getting in and out was easy just valet to avoid any problems.  The quality and taste of the food was very good.  I really recommend this restaurant, but remember to make a reservation or you might have to wait.  We sat at the bar while our table was ready and enjoyed the drinks before dinner.
4	I came here to get dinner with my cousin. We showed up at 9:00 at night on a Saturday and the wait was an hour to an hour and a half for 2 people without a reservation. Luckily for us, I asked if they serve food at the bar to which the hostess answered yes. We found 2 seats at the bar immediately and were able to order food and drinks right away. The food was a little spicy for our tastes and not as good as the Javier's at Crystal Cove, but not bad overall. The bartenders were all very attentive and did a go job. I would recommend it if you are looking for a chill spot with good food.
5	From the service to drinks to food to atmosphere.....all around excellence. This is the Cadillac of Mexican restaurants.
2	I go to the Javier's in Newport all the time so of course I was excited for a great experience. Well I got the opposite of that. My girlfriends and I went for some lunch. We sat down and if you have been to the Javier's in Newport its beautiful and the ambiance is amazing. The Vegas location lacked all that. My friend and I ordered the chicken tacos to share. When the food arrived we noticed the tacos had guacamole on them. The menu didn't say that guacamole came on the tacos. My friend I was sharing with is allergic to avocado so we had to send them back. I asked for guacamole on the side since I wanted guacamole on my tacos. Another friend of mine was less than happy with her meal and didn't take more than 2 bits of her meal.  We asked to waitress to talk to the manager. The waitress was sweet but seemed new and didn't know much about the menu.The manager seemed afraid to come talk to us and didn't want to anything to help us with our issues. The manager, waitress and another man who looked like he may have been another manager stood at the computer for a good 15 minutes just staring and us and the computer. What's so hard about working with a customer who was not impressed with the restaurant at all. By this time we were pretty pissed off. A girlfriend of mine got up and went to talk to them one on one since she worked in the restaurant/nightlife industry. This is not rocket science. By the time we got the check they charged me for my side of guacamole which I was confused because guacamole supposedly came on the tacos.As we were about to leave a group of guys came over to us and offered to buy us drinks. We got the guys to buy us 2 bottles of Cristal spending well over $2,000 at the restaurant in 10 minutes. I hated to give them that kind of business but hey I guess they should have been thanking us and maybe treated us a little better earlier that night. Next time I'll take my business somewhere else and make them money. I do recommend the Javier's in Newport
5	This review is based solely on the atmosphere, service, margaritas and chips and salsa. While walking through Aria looking for a bar to get a drink at we stumbled upon Javier's. There was plenty of open seats at the bar so we took two of them. The bar itself seems to be the centerpiece of the restaurant with a huge tent-like feel made of ropes. It was pretty cool. We got a drink menu right away and there were at least a dozen different margaritas to choose from. Real margaritas with fresh ingredients, good tequila and on the rocks (the only way). My wife had a pineapple margarita which was very good and not too sweet. I had their house margarita which was very good. The fresh squeezed limed juice gave it a great tangy and refreshing taste. It wasn't sweet at all which I enjoyed. It was just pure awesomeness.What put this place over the top for me was their amazing chips and salsa. The chips were hot from the fryer (or oven to warm them) and not greasy at all. The salsa was probably the best I've ever had. Spicy, fresh and just chunky enough. It coated the chips perfectly. This is a big deal for me because I live in an area where Mexican food is about as good as you're going to get it outside of Mexico.I could see how this place would turn into a loud tequila drinking college fest quite quickly late at night. I wouldn't make a trip here during late night hours.
4	I believe this is the most expensive Mexican restaurant in Vegas (yes...$20 for a quesadilla) but at least I know where my money went!  My wife and I were kindly seated in one of the cool booths which gave us a great view of those amazing wood carvings of the dead.  I'd love to know how much they actually cost.  We were in a rush to catch Zarkana so we didn't dilly dally with any appetizers but the salsa that came with the chips was muy delicioso.  My wife ordered the "Cabo Azul" which was basically a seafood combo.  The most eyecatching thing in the combo was the lobster enchilada but it turned out to be just OK.  The grilled chile relleno which was really big and stuffed with cheese, shrimp, crab and topped with tomatillo sauce was mouthfuls of awesomeness.  They actually served the shrimp taco on a separate plate and that was very good too.  I ordered the carnitas based on the waiter recommendation.  I didn't know what to expect since the priciest carnitas I'd ever had before this was $12.  But I was pleasantly surprised when he brought it over.  The plate featured 3 parts of the pig including ribs, tenderloin and shoulder.  SOO good!  The waiter informed me that the pork is marinated for 24 hours, deep fried and then finished in an oven.  If KFC started frying pork, it would kind of taste like this.  The was crispy, tender and juicy all at once.  I would order this again in a heartbeat.  This was a very enjoyable meal overall.  We both wished we could have stayed longer.  The atmosphere, food preparation, service and strong drinks will ensure our return.
4	Get the Javier margarita!!  All I seem to remember was the chips and fresh salsa and the margaritas!
5	My husband and I have been twice now with friends and have loved the food.The 5 stars are basically a rating for food and ambiance alone, which is well worth the higher price point.Service both times was mediocre, both times, different waiters forgot items and took a very long time to get us our drinks. The servers all seem to be predominately male and all around the same age group and ethnicity which kind of seems odd for Vegas but they really could use some brush up skills in terms of service.
5	It's really hard not to fall in love with this place. As probably the most expensive mexican restaurant I've ever been to (coming from a guy who lives in Texas), I had really high expectations going in. Lets just say, Javier's over delivered.Lets start with the good:- The decor of the place is absolutely stunning. Even considering that it's in Aria, Javier's look and feel of the restaurant is very modern and beautiful. - The margaritas are perfect. Made with only top shelf tequila, you can assure that your $15 per drink won't go to waste.Now to the great:- The service is on point. Filling my glass and refilling my sauce as soon as it's almost empty, and explained the overwhelming menu very well.- The sauce is redonkulous! Has a nice kick to it and isn't the ordinary blended sauce you will find in tex-mex establishments. Has a lot of flavor and chunks of great tomatoes in there.And finally, the awesome:- My table did a little family style ordeal, so I was able to try a variety of dishes. Lets just say I wasn't disappointed by any of them, and each dish has it's own very authentic flavor. The seafood is very fresh, the meats are cooked perfectly, and there is some sort of latino flair in every dish that really puts it over the top.Overall, this place is legendary. I would recommend Javier's to anyone.
5	Free chips and salsa and a delicious selection of lunch meals. Plus their jalapeno margarita rocks! I went back 2x in my 4 days at the Aria. Highly recommend.
5	ABSOLUTELY Love this place!  We dined twice here while staying at ARIA and were not dissapointed. The staff and food were top notch and prices are reasonable.  Abiance is fabulous and we cannot wait to dine here again -
3	Javier's is a chain.  They've got a few here in So Cal.  You already knew that, though. You don't need me.  WHY DON'T YOU NEED ME???  WHAT DID I DO WRONG??? Huh?  Oh... ok.  Back to the review.  It faces the casino (near my dear Roulette area). The ambiance is super cool.  Dark.  Luxurious.   Good margaritas (though a bit too much ice for my taste).  You'll feel like you're in some upscale resort in Cabo.  Now the bad news.  I thought the food was marginal, at best.  Also.. FREAKISHLY pricey.I say go for drinks and bar food.
4	My friend got the Costilla de Res and it was easily the best dish at our table. Another friend got the scallops and didn't finish them but she said they were good. I ordered the Marcos Tablita ( this dish is meant for 2 to share.) It was very good, tender and moist carnita ribs. Decent wine list.
5	Great Resturant for lunch or diner. Salsa and chips are so good I can just eat that and I'm happy. Taco, enchilada and chile relleno plater is very good. It's loaded with yummy cheese.
4	Cabo azul is a very tasty dish. When you get your chips and salsa, ask for the burnt salsa and salsa verde.Nice presentation, atmosphere, and most importantly, tasty food.Check out the carved wooden depiction of purgatory.
5	Phenomenal food, service, and drinks!
2	I ordered the mole and the chicken was dry. Way to expensive for what we got... But then again, is all about presentation. I can say It might be called or look like Mexican food.. but no flavor.
3	Came in for dinner with a group of people from work. The staff are hit and miss; some of them are nice and polite. while others are dismissive and not helpful. This includes management. The decor is modern but has traditional Mexican elements. I like the design but wished lighting was a bit brighter.The food: Guacamole - the order was like two small scoops of gelato. While it was good, it did not blow me away. Queso Fundido - this was cheesy good and I would order it again. I would also ask them to make it spicy somehow. It would have been better with bits of Chorizo in it. Octopus and Shrimp Ceviche - Both were fresh and tasted great. Portions again were small. These would be good as tapas style plates. Carnitas - The carnitas was surprisingly a larger portion. It came with a couple of medium size pork ribs and a chunk of pork butt. The flavors were good and there was a crunch from the deep-fried pork butt. It came with guacamole, tortillas, salsa, and pureed beans. These were some of the best beans I've had because it was luscious and creamy... I think from either lard or butter. Other people on the table had the Camerones Ranchero, Seafood Enchilada, Carne Asada and everyone seemed to like their dishes. No desserts because we were too full from everything else. But the server did tell us they has fried bananas and flan. In the end, I do not see myself coming back. There are a lot of other good local Mexican restaurants. But for tourists that want Mexican food, they don't really have much of a choice.
5	Javier's, I was wary but you did not disappoint. The prawns were spectacular, phenomenal. Your salsa and chips are very fresh. I very much enjoyed my experience here. What a lovely carved mural on the wall.
1	Conveniently located in the lobby of Aria, I decided to wonder downstairs after a late night (come on, it's Vegas!).  This place tries to be a modern Mexican restaurant... but I just don't buy it.  Aside from straying from the typical presentation of rice and beans, they weren't that creative. However, points on their creativity of the prices... $100 for 3 entrees and one appetizer? HAHA!  Good thing it was comped by Aria anyways!  No Bueno!
4	Great atmosphere.  Nice mexican food can be hard to pull off.  Javiers does it right.  Great margaritas, great service, great food.  Best Mexican place I have been in vegas.  Great for a fun night out.
5	Went there for the first time, was very impressed. It's a little dark inside but that didn't bother us. We ordered the seafood enchiladas, shrimp ceviche, and mango margarita. All three were delicious. The only thing we didn't like was the queso fundido, the chorizo was more like a paste and the cheese was a little too oily. Overall, would definitely come back.
5	If you're in Vegas and craving Mexican food this is the spot. The bartender is very knowledgeable and can whip up an excellent drink. As far as the food is concerned it's absolutely the best Mexican food I have had so far. The dining room service is top notch and the staff is very knowledgable about the menu. The front receptionist was cranky and I thought for a minute she might own the place but I was wrong. She was very rude but everyone has a bad day. I can't take it away from the rest of the staff who are very humble. (MGR) if your reading this, hiring a pretty face is great but do some one on one training so they know how much their snobby attitudes towards customers can hurt the overall greatness of your establishment. I recommend this place to put on your bucket list of must eat places. Keep up the excellent cooking. Cheers!
4	The food was pretty good, I got the lobster enchiladas .. But when you pay these kinda of prices, it is expected that you are paying for the service, which was pretty nonexistent.  It was not busy but we still waited too long to receive our drink order but the main problem for me was that after our server dropped of our meals, that was the last we saw of her until we asked for the check . No water was brought to the table after we asked nor did we get an offer for us buy another round of drinks. There were 3 of us dudes and we like to drink and here we are with empty glasses the whole time.
5	I want to keep this short and sweet. We went last night. This was hands down the best Mexican food I have ever had, and everything was amazing. Everything was so delicious. It's super expensive yes, but a great place to go for a special occasion (it was our anniversary). I absolutely loved it. Service was superb as well and our waiter (he was awesome) had tried everything on the menu and was very knowledgeable about the dishes. So happy we went here! Will definitely be back at some point.
5	Javier's in Las Vegas (Aria Hotel) is amazing!!! Ambiance is so perfect and romantic. Very dim lighting.  Had the taquitos, queso fondido and nachos. The beef taquitos were delicious and crisp. The nachos were huge!! Big plate! The queso fondido was delicious as well. Make sure u ask for no onions if u hate them lol but overall I give it a 5 star!
5	We were drawn to this place because of the ambiance but ended up really enjoying the food.  To start, margaritas were perfectly strong, chips were warm, and salsa was  delicious and had a kick to it.  For the food, we tried the nachos with shredded beef, steak picado, and arrachera.  All were cooked perfectly and served with fresh tortillas.  The server was nice but not overly attentive, yet there were enough other team members that we never really had to wait for anything.  The menu is large for those of you who are more on the picky side.
4	The only reason I ended up here on a random adventure is because my pops hit 2k at Aria within the first 5 minutes of being there. Random day indeed, but happy as ever. He treated us all to Javier's because he loves lobsters enchiladas like you wouldn't believe. He indeed had that and he said it was amazing. I cannot attest to that since I do not enjoy seafood much, but I will take his word for it. As for me, BEST rice I have ever had thus far in my lifetime. I am a big big fan of (Spanish) rice. Anytime I can get it, I will. Unless I already know it sucks at a certain place, then that is a no go. However, Javier's is delicious, moist, mouth-watering. Whatever positive adjective you can think of, that is what it is. I wish I would have gotten more to go, but I was so full it didn't occur to me until later on when I was craving it. The next best thing I had was the chicken enchilada and the crispy chicken taco combo. This is usually on most menus of the Mexican restaurants I go to, but of course I had to compare my favorite. The enchilada was good, but not exploding in my mouth good. The sauce was a bit on the spice side for my taste buds, but not too overpowering where I needed to drench my mouth with water. And the chicken taco was stuffed with crisp bites all the way. Usually tacos just have a little bit of chicken on the bottom and that's it, but this one had chicken with every bite. It was really good. And of course the beans were good, but not as good as the rice my friends! Next, I washed it all down with a very delicious, but kind of on the small side, pomegranate margarita. They actually topped the drink with fresh pomegranate. It was very good, but for the price, I was expecting an actual margarita glass and not a rocks glass. Still good though. Lastly, and my absolute favorite is the decor and atmosphere of Javier's. It is a dark glamour like feeling when you walk in. There was a lot of tree branch designs coming out of the walls, but my favorite was the one that held multiple bottles of what looked like tequila and other variations of liquor.  It was so pretty, I wish I could have it in my future house. The next best thing was the back wall mural of skulls and skeletons. It was just so mesmerizing to look at. I could stare at it for hours, just examining each piece (4). This place is very expensive in some areas of their menu, but not too bad in others. My dish was only 19, not sure how much the drink was. I would save up to come here again for sure. Perfect for a nice date night. They also have a bar in the front. Such a neat place.
5	The service was outshining & I definitely  recommend the Halibut.  It was prepared to perfection. The Chips & salsa plus the guacamole are a Hit.
5	This is a dark corner to enjoy.  My friend and I had a brief time to bridge one Strip destination and a ticketed show, so we ducked into Javier's for an appetizer and drink.  Javier's allure is its atmosphere as much as its convenient location in the svelte Aria.  Everything in Vegas that is worth seeking out is "through the casino."  We passed raucous sports bars and slot machine cha-chinging walkups before choosing Javier's for its quieter mood.  It has metal studded ceilings, carved wood banquets, and heavy leather table tops and lounge seating  The piped in music was definitely an amusing background - looping on reggae during our hour's visit.  We added to the cosmopolitan mix by ordering French martinis - not cheap at $17 each.  A value totally underestimated until we rose to our feet and discovered the liquid power that could have launched us to  the ionosphere.  But since we only hoped to get to the show "through the casino,"  the libations were perfect rocket boosters.Food served at the adjoining table showed impressive presentation.  I can only tell you about the chips that were served warm next to attractive cups of red and green salsa.Speaking of feet.  Yes, see paragraph 3.  My friend was suffering from all those trips Through the Casino.  The kindly waitress dipped into her own purse and presented three bandaids to sooth the blister that surfaced while one toe fought with the other to be first on the escalator, tram, revolving door, taxi, carpet, marble floor, etcetera etcetera...An interesting, very girl-to-girl, hospitable way to earn a well-deserved tip.
5	I love this place. Seriously.The decor is so awesome. Beautiful dark iron work throughout. I can't even describe. Truly has a luxe Mexican feel to it. Man, Austin restaurants should take note. Seriously. I love the atmosphere here. Check out my pictures. Also, one of the best salsas i've ever had. Food is clean and simple in style. Excellent mexican rice. Not  a fan of the beans but the food is top notch imo. The bar has these cool knobs all around it so there's always a place to hang your purse. I took a terrible flash picture of it. Love. This. Place.
5	One word to describe the restaurant: sexy!  With super cool decor and some nice mood lighting, that is the first word that comes to my mind when I think of this restaurant.  On both of my visits I was lucky to be seated in a comfy, spacious booth in the back overlooking the whole place and was able to take in the ambiance.  That spot was great for people-watching!They serve complimentary chips and salsa which taste amazing!  We totally could not stop eating them, even after our entrees came.  The salsa was tasty and the chips so crispy and not too greasy.  Yum!!  So good that we ended up coming back the next night as well!  Sorry, Chevys.  I now have a new favorite place for chips and salsa!   As for my entrees, the first night I got the combination plate with one cheese enchilada and one crispy chicken taco.  Rice and refried beans came with my meal as well.  I enjoyed the taco but I've had better enchiladas elsewhere, so the next night I ended up getting the taco dinner (crispy chicken tacos again).  To drink that night I ordered a virgin strawberry margarita, which was pricey at $10 but really good.   Other items we tried: their guacamole and fried ice cream.  Their guac was fine though not as tasty as their salsa and not quite up there with Dos Caminos guac.  Their ice cream was ok as well.  I think we just got some to be able to hang out there a little bit longer :pThis place is so much busier than the restaurant that was here before, and with good reason.  Great atmosphere, tacos, virgin margaritas, and chips and salsa = one of my new favorite restaurants in Las Vegas!
5	I've eaten at the Javier's in Newport, Irvine, Cabo San Lucas and now Vegas!!!!Javier's is by far my favorite upscale Mexican restaurant!!! Anything and everything you order is excellent and you can't go wrong!The decor is beautiful with the dark wood and thick rope draping across the restaurant. Margaritas are on point, my favorite being the Pepino (cucumber) Margarita!I seriously LOVE this restaurant!!!!
5	Very romantic but also sophisticated. Can be a casual lunch or even a fancy dinner. Food is amazing and drinks are great. Service is also great! Very quick service too. Although place is a little dark but you can still see what you are eating .
5	Ask for their freshly made HABANERO salsa! It's the real deal!
4	Good spot. Chips and salsa we're good as advertised . I had the Relleno Picadillio which was superb. Not the most inexpensive meal I ever had but cool decor, interesting menu options and proximity to casino floor all rate as major plus's.
4	Great food and cool vibe loved it. The skirt steak is Bomb! Def recommend that if you go there.
1	i will never go back to this place anymore! specially because of the general manager called moises. he treated 11 local gilrs as a piece of crap, insulted us and act totally as someone who would never deserve to be a manager! he doesnt know what he is doing and the place will lose a lot of customers having those kind of people working there. thats insane!  i would never recommend this place to anyone who lives or is visiting vegas! when you go out to diner at least you expect to be treated by the staff with respect and this guys doesnt know what this word means. if you ever go to this place be aware of this guy. he will tell you in those words "i never want to see these people here in place anymore, pay your bill and get out of here." seriously??? you go out with your friends to have fun and not to deal with stupid and rude people.
5	Javier's is the best upscale Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas. The service is impeccable every time and probably the most friendly staff you'll find in a Las Vegas casino restaurant. Today I ordered huevos rancheros, which was not on the menu, and not only did they make it for me with no hesitation but it might be the best I've ever had. I would recommend Javier's to anyone looking for Mexican food, on or off the strip.
4	Javier's  restaurant has some of the best Mexican food the strip has to offer. The staff is extremely friendly,  and will go out of their way to make your experience enjoyable!
5	First place i came to after i checked into hotel!!! Mean margheritas!! and clean fresh food to go with it.  crispy chicken tacos are a must:)
3	Good service. Vibrant people watching atmosphere.Good food. I had the $25 Carnitas and it was good. I would get it again. As a local, I feel very few strip restaurants deserve great reviews. Most are too pricey with bad service, just trying to get you in and out. I give Javier's 3 stars for atmosphere, food quality, and service. It's not 4 stars because nothing blew me away here. I would only return if I had guests in town and they wanted to go.
3	We just had a party of 6 dine at Javier's.  The whole reason we went was that so many friends recommended, however we were disappointed with the food.  The service and atmosphere were excellent,, however none of us thought the food was much better than what you would find for a fraction of the price at other Mexican restaurants.  Most of the food was acceptable, with the exception of the beef tacos, which had no flavor, and the beef was quite dry.  Not a restaurant we will return to.
4	Quick look: the hot / new "upscale" Mexican restaurant on the strip that is a scene as much as a great place to eat. Constantly busy during the dinner hours. reservations are suggested. Come prepared to eat and expect a loud, festive, environment!In depth: Have eaten here twice and both times have been quality. Made a reservation last Wednesday night on the phone for the two of us. Arrive on time and the hostess cannot find a reservation under my name. Apparently the gent that answered the phone never put my reservation in the system. Rather than make us wait they did the right thing and got us sat immediately. The service was prompt and they were on top of it. Seriously brought their A-Game and they worked well as a team. One would drop, one would clear, one would check on us etc. Was good to see a team properly trained. Or waiter was very professional and made two great suggestions for us. My lady ordered the Carnitas and I ordered a seafood mix that included crab. We also ordered some guacamole as an appetizer. The guacamole was solid. This is a creamy guacamole and they definitely use sour cream in the mix. Could taste it. Was not prepared table side like other high-end restaurants do. Might have been too busy to consider doing that? Was quality though. Kudos. The entrees were delivered with perfect timing. the first thing you will say is "Wow!" The proportions are massive and the presentation is over the top. They are served on very large plates and quite colorful. Really no complaints on the carnitas. They were amazing and cooked perfectly. My seafood dish was delicious and very filling! Was no room for desert. I was in a food coma and struggled to regain my composure as we had to go meet some friends for drinks and table service at a nightclub at the Wynn. My advice, eat here if you know you will have a chance to rest afterwards. Mexican food is heavy and will weigh you down. I would have given them 5 stars if not for the reservation hick-up. Love the room and the decor. Has great action at the bar. This is a quality high-end Mexican restaurant and I look forward to going back soon!!
2	Overpriced food, that wasn't very good. The service was so-so. The really only redeeming quality about this place was the decor. Felt kind of like Pirates of the Caribbean meets Vegas.
5	Top notch Hispanic food. The best I have tried personally. Prices are reasonable; definitely affordable  and the decor and vibe is great. Romantic date spot.  My gf and I come to Javier's all the time (Newport Beach location). Las Vegas location has same quality of food. But the prices are about $5 more. Come here and enjoy it
2	Went with my wife and friends. We have been to the Javier's in Newport Beach and it was very good so we expected at least the same. We live in Vegas and dine out a lot. Javier's is really decorated very nice. Waiter brought us menus. It was so dark in the restaurant that we had a hard time reading the menus. The waiter came by and gave us a flashlight. We ordered guacamole . I've had better guacamole out of a plastic container from a grocery store. You'd think a high end Mexican restaurant would know how to make guacamole. I ordered Carnitas. It was very good. My wife and friends ordered tacos and enchiladas . They all commented there food was average. Service was so-so. Not great but not bad.I thought the prices were very high for what we ordered. Will not eat there again.
4	A truly incredible experience! The Aria is a piece of artwork in and of itself, but I was not expecting the decor of Javier's to be so incredible. The tequila tree, the lighting, the ancient carvings...lovely atmosphere.The food was amazing--I'm an avid salsa eater, and can be a bit picky, but it had the perfect bite! I highly recommend the margarita infused with cucumber--I had my reservations, but it was so refreshing, and offset the bitterness of the tequila perfectly.The quesadilla with shrimp and dungeoness crabs was nothing sort of miraculous.The service was a bit slow (I was with a large party, and the servers weren't even close to getting everyone's food out on time--we all ate in shifts), and the food is somewhat pricey, but it's definitely a venue to visit.
4	Pricey--more than Cava and Carlitos, fine dining Mexican in Montecito and SB, respectively. 5 bucks for a small diet Coke seems gratuitous.  I think it's overpriced but truly innovative menu with well-executed traditional dishes as well. But it's very good. My verde enchiladas were 22 and perfect. I don't think it's any better than Rosa Mexicano, however. And the chicken enchiladas suiza are 16 or 17 there and you get rice and beans on the side. I don't know how prices at the Aria branch compare to the Newport Beach location, but since I avoid the OC like an STD, I will never know. I was at Fashion Island this summer and yes, that's a very pretty place to shop. But other than Laguna, I despise the OC except for the secondhand/designer resale which truly is outstanding both in terms of quality and value. But I didn't like anything about Newport Beach, not even the beach and couldn't wait to return to WLA and cross the border back from the Orange Curtain back to civilized Los Angeles. The spicy red salsa deserves all the praise it has received from Yelpers. I didn't get adventurous with cocktails and in fact, didn't even drink wine. But everyone says their specialty cocktails and various margaritas are noteworthy. It's wonderful food but you'll spend more than Rosa Mexicano in NYC or LA and, with a few exceptions (the lamb shank over orzo with the best greens you will ever eat), Montecito's Cava. Bartender--Tina, I believe but it could be Tara so I apologize if I have gotten it wrong--is not only beautiful but smart and a great bartender with a great personality.
2	I really wanted to love everything about this place.  Unfortunately, it fell short in the food department!  The ambiance is spectacular . . . and that's about it.
2	Really great atmosphere. Sub par food. Excellent service. Typical Vegas prices. The boyfriend was hungover and we were having a late lunch with some friends. Chile Verde, Shrimp Quesadilla, Carne Asada Quesadilla, and ceviche. The boyfriend also ordered a bloody mary, it was disgusting so we sent it back and ordered a shot of tequila instead. Chile Verde, was passable. No thanks, two bites and we called it quits. The Carne Asada quesadilla was oily but I suppose perfect for the hangover he was nursing. The Shrimp Quesadilla was probably the only thing that we would order again. It was a decent enough size for the price. Lastly, the ceviche, eh. I'm from California, and I've had street ceviche that tasted much better. Also, they do not have fountain sodas, so be prepared to pay 5 bucks for a bottled soda. I understand that this is not the only location of Javier's and because the atmosphere was so nice, and the waitstaff super attentive, I would be willing to try this place again. Obviously, we were in Vegas so we weren't too upset about the prices, but if you're looking for quality food in Vegas, I'd pass on Javier's.
5	Service:Great service from our waiter, it really stood out and made the night. The hostesses lacked the friendly factor and seemed like just pretty faces with no smiles or warm welcomes. Food:Chips and salsa - awesome! My girlfriend and I shared the La Tabllia(?) plate, the carnitas was the highlight but it all was great. Will come again next time I'm craving Mexican in Vegas.
4	Vegas + Mexican Food = A good time for me. Came here solo while on a business trip. I had made a reservation at check in and was seated promptly when I arrived.  Service was very friendly and attentive. Chips and salsa were a nice compliment to my potent margaritas and there was great people watching. The food was pretty good, nothing to write home about, but I kept it simple and ordered a taco/enchilada combo. To be honest, after the first margarita, I could have been eating taco bell and been happy, ha! But the food was good and I had to take my third margarita "to-go" (gotta love Las Vegas!!)  A little pricey, but that's to be expected at any Vegas resort.  Next time, I'll try something a little more fancy and unique ... with a nice margarita to go with it, naturally!
1	Epic Fail!My wife and I went there for after dinner drinks. I was buying $20 shots of Reserva Familia tequila with soda back. They were charging me $5 per soda, since they did not have a soda gun. Absolutely ridiculous!!! First of all, how can they not have a soda gun at such a nice hotel? In any other bar on planet earth, I get a mixer with booze for free. Javier's is not owned my Aria, so there was no recourse through the hotel management. The bartenders said, 'sorry...that's just how it it here.'There was no one in the restaurant, even though it was a busy Thanksgiving weekend. Maybe arrogant service and overcharging explains it. I am writing to the hotel about this. It's totally wrong to treat people who are already paying heavily for their vacation like this.
4	This was a recommendation from the Concierge at the Mirage - excellent choice!A very very nice restaurant! Service was strong, friendly, and attentive. Our party of six had a variety of dishes and we loved them all. The ambience is romantic, although a bit loud. We also tried a variety of the specialty cocktails, which were also delicious. I had a Tamarindo Margarito that was just amazing. Unless you hate Mexican cuisine, this is a guaranteed hit.
4	I'm not a big fan of Mexican food but I gotta say javiers just made me a fan,there friend beans are amazing! Braised pork with cactus hmmmmmm sooooo good
2	Excellent decor.Very nice and friendly service.Food was ok, not great.Price was more expensive than Irvine and Newport Beach, like $20 for taco plate.
4	I'm well versed with Javier's. I spent plenty of nights at the old Laguna Beach location, and when they relocated it to Newport Beach, we used to spend a fair amount of time there as well.  I'm familiar with their food and drinks, so I was expecting the same great menu here.I was early to meet my party, so I decided to have a cocktail at the bar. I ordered the Jalepeno Margarita, which was excellent by the way. So my drink is $15, I give him a $20, he gives me a $5 bill back (he didn't break the $5 down). Ok, so my next drink is made by a female bartender. She gives me back $3. 78, right down to the pennies. She charged me tax on my drink. WTF? Tax is ALWAYS included. And who gives back dimes, nickles and pennies? Same drink, two different bartenders, two different prices. It was a little annoying.Onto the meal. Same great food I've had before. I ordered the Seafood Enchiladas, nice pieces of lump crab meat and shrimp in every bite. Light sauce, not too heavy. The beans and rice that come with meal, beans were really good, not greasy at all. Chips & salsa were really good. Salsa is probably some of the freshest I've had. Service, we were bombarded by three different people before and during our meal. It was too much. While we are still eating, he would come around and ask if we were done and if he could clear anything. Clearly we still have food on our plates, no we aren't done. I can't stand being rushed when I'm eating. If I want to talk during or after my meal, that's our business! Literally after seeing our plates empty, he came back around, starting clearing our plates and dropped our check off. Didn't offer coffee or dessert, he just made us feel rushed. Not cool. Ambiance. I liked the feel, the dark wood, dim lighting, Dia De Los Muertos figurines, I also liked the lounge area near the bar as well. This wouldn't be a date spot like others have suggested, the music was really loud in here and it was a bit dificult to have a conversation with the person next to you.
1	Super Disappointed in Javier's after last night and not sure that we would ever return to the restaurant after the way Guillermo, the manager, handled our situation and treated us while we were there.  We were a group of 4 (all locals) dining before a show.  Two of us got there early and ordered drinks from the bar.  The bartender, Cara was VERY ACCOMMODATING, really nice and made us martinis that were not on the menu.  She took an idea of the flavors that we were looking for and she made a PERFECT Martini.  The other two in our party arrived, we closed out our tab with Cara ($14 per drink) and we were seated.  Luis was our waiter during dinner and did a fantastic job.  We ordered food and continued to order the same Martinis at dinner (we told Luis to go to Cara since she had made the original Martinis).  Dinner was good and then we received the bill.  The Martinis were now $17 instead of the $14 that we were charged at the bar.  I questioned Luis and he said that we were charged the wrong price at the bar and that $17 was the new and correct price.  I explained that it wasn't right to charge $14 at the bar and then $17 at dinner.   We thought that they were $14 and happily paid that at the bar and continued to order because we thought that they were $14.   He offered to get the manager, Guillermo.  Guillermo came over and we explained the situation that we had a couple Martinis at the bar for $14 and then at dinner, they were $17.  Guillermo said that $17 was the right and a fair price for the Martinis and that he would not change it.  I explained that it was not our fault if they charged us the wrong price at the bar but since we had already started drinking the Martinis at one price, didn't he think it would be fair THAT NIGHT to let us have the other two that we ordered at the same price.  He said, NO.  We explained that we were locals, frequented the restaurant and were disappointed in the way that he was handling the situation since we were now arguing over $6 and he said that he would not adjust the price for the Martinis, that was their price and it was a fair price for the Martinis.  He then went on to tell us that he would be writing up the bartender who made us the drink and she would be disciplined.  What manager does that?!?!?  Why in the world would he tell us about his disciplinary actions towards his employees!!!????  I made sure to tell them that even though Cara may have made a mistake on the price, she was certainly a very good bartender and she should not be written up.  We then told him that we would never return to that restaurant, and he said that was fine and walked away.  I was astonished that a MANAGER at a restaurant of that caliber would talk to us that way, give us his disciplinary action details and not adjust the price of their Martinis to a price that we had already been paying and argued with us over $6.  Our argument was based solely on principle....when you charge a customer one price for something and then less than one hour later charge them more for the same item, THAT IS WRONG and he could not and would not see that or change it.  What if the difference had been more than $6??  What if it had been food?  I just can't see how you can run a restaurant that way and we were certainly NOT looking for freebies or handouts....we were just looking for a manager to DO WHAT WAS RIGHT!!!  We asked our waiter, Luis for any other managers names so that we could make a complaint later and he gave us a couple of other names and we paid our bill and were about to leave.  As we were about to leave, the General Manager, Moises came over and asked what the problem was.  We explained again and he understood and offered us a drink at the bar since we had already paid our bill.  While we were explaining the situation to Moises, the people dining next to us were frustrated too and spoke up....so at that point, I think Javier's had two tables of four people that were not happy at all.  We had to be at the show in 15 minutes and could not accept his offer for a drink, so he gave us his card and said to call him before dining there again.   The problem is that I am not sure that I want to dine there again and I am not sure what he would even do to make this a better experience.   I really have a bad taste in my mouth from the manager, Guillermo and how he handled their customers.   I have NEVER seen a manager handle a situation like that before and was SUPER DISAPPOINTED (and we have all been in the industry in the past as well)!!  In my opinion, I think Guillermo needs some additional training on customer service before they allow him to deal with people in the future!!
5	This place is one of my all time favorite restaurants. I visited on 12/9 at night before Cirque Zarkana and had a slow-paced dinner for my date and I. The food quality was just mind-blowing. The one thing I look for in restaurants is their ability to blow me away in any of several parts of the dining experience. I don't use this term loosely either. The drinks (jalapeno margarita and margarita that had chambord and something else in it) were so perfect. The Seafood nachos with shrimp, guacamole, dungeness crab also blew me away. A must have appetizer. My date and I shared the most tender filet and lobster tail marinated in this incredible garlic, poblano, butter sauce that made it worth the $60 it cost us. Together, the bill including gratuity for 2 cost me $210 which was the most expensive dinner I ever had for 2 people..but it was worth it without any hesitation. Props to our server for being so friendly and chatting with us and helping us decide on our selections. I'm pretty sure his name was Juan. (he was hispanic, mid 20s, and ultra knowledgable).
4	I've only been here one other time besides this visit and that was on my Birthday. The food here has always been to my satisfaction. It's a very upscale ambiance for a Mexican Restuarant, yet the food doesn't shy away from the authentic mexican feel. It will feel pretty pricey for what taste like the same delicious mexican food we can get at out favorite late night Mexican spots... But the great service, atmosphere, and food presentation makes it all worth it. Yessir, I recommend it!
4	The food is really good! $24.00 for a bean and cheese burrito is way too much!  They will upgrade your margarita with Don Julio 1942 for $10 which is a bargain!
3	The decor in this place is really nice.  The food is just ok.  I found the dishes to be ok but not great.  Everything seemed like it had a little bit too much salt.  I would probably come here again but it would be for the fun atmosphere and decor and not the food.
5	We frequent the Javiers in Newport Bech and Irvine since we are from that area.  We were happy to try the Javiers at the Aria for lunch before we headed home to So Cal .  Same good food and drinks as I expected.  It was nice and quiet around 1pm, pretty much had the place to ourselves which was a plus.  It is gorgeous inside, what I'd expect similar to the Newport Beach location.  Our waiter was awesome, food great.  Will definitely go back again next time we are in Vegas.
1	Read my tips about this establishment...FOOD SERVED COLD!Young guy manager, owners son or nephew comes over and DOES NOT LISTEN to anything my girlfriend has to say about FOOD SERVED COLD!!!!!STAY AWAY!!!!0 Stars!!!!!For Mexican go to DIABLO's!!!
4	4 1/2 stars. Came for dinner on a weeknight. I didn't have reservations but was no problem getting a table. I heart the layout and the Decor of this Javier's The chips & salsa were yummy and would have gone great with a margarita. Unfortunately I was on meds and had to to good. For dinner I went with the seafood entree Cabo Azul which included a shrimp taco, lobster enchilada, seafood chile relleno, beans and rice. the food was light & excellent tasting. Overall a great meal with stellar service and quality from the entire staff. I'm looking forward to returning and checking out that margarita!
1	Simply disgusting. I got the appetizer taquitos and had shredded beef as the filling. It smelled and tasted horrible that i immediately got nauseas. My husband and brother got nachos because they played it safe, and STILL it was disgusting. They had the chicken and shredded beef and they both sat there with an empty stomach than to fill themselves with what smelled like cow manure.
1	I have been to Javier's in Newport Beach - Excellent - I have been to Javier's in Irvine - Excellent  - but the Javier's in  Las Vegas at the Aria hotel - I give it a one star and a 0 rating - the quality of the food is nothing near the quality of the other locations.  The service is a 3 on a scale of 1-10 and even though the menu may be the same, the quality and portions are not.  Its not authentic tasting like the other locations - its a glorified Taco Bell.  I would not return to the Javier's in Las Vegas.  I think they definitely treat people like tourists and don't care of the quality or service.
4	We ventured to Javier's restaurant craving good Mexican food.Although some of the reviews had us feeling skeptical, we decided to try it anyway.We entered without reservations and were seated immediately.My girlfriends ate carnitas and shrimp tacos. I ordered the special Cabo Azul.  The guacamole was a bit on the weaker side so we asked the waiter to spice it up a bit. He returned and it was so much more to our liking. The food was scrumptious. The main dishes were just Delicious!We were wowed by the flavored and the excellent service. In addition you won't be disappointed because the atmosphere is great!Definitely a must go!
3	We had good service and the restaurant itself is gorgeous! Unfortunately, I just don't think the food is worth the price.
5	I cannot understand why this place is in the orange with stars when clearly, they should be in the red! I gave five stars for a few reasons. One, the place is beautiful, the hostesses were very nice and the bartender made my drinks just right. Two, when we finally got a table I walked thru checking out the decor which was fab!!! And Three, my meal was freaking fantastic and so was everyone else's meal who dined with me! I saw nothing but clean plates at the end of the meal. I ordered the Fineo Del Mar which was a linguine with seafood in a creamy pinkish sauce which was perfectly spicy! The shrimp and scallop were beautifully grilled and the green onion added perfect flavor. The waiter told me it would be DELISH and he was dead on! Our waiter was really great and really sweet and he kept telling me how good I smelled ;-). So needless to say, I spent a week in Vegas for work and really didn't get to eat out until my last night in town and I am so happy we chose Javier's! What a treat after a rough work week. Hey! You gotta check this place out!
5	Food and environment were great. I work inside Aria and I eat here once a week. I recommend the taco platter and cucumber margarita. Not super expensive seeing as the venue and hotel it's in is top tier. Highly recommend.
4	Went to Javier's with a group of 5. Overall I enjoyed the experience here, even though there were a few low points. The margaritas are good as is there salsa. If I were to complain about anything being overpriced here it would be their guacamole- as it was really pretty bland. As usual I filled up on chips and salsa by the time we ordered our entrees. As a result I didn't order anything special- just a two taco plate. I tried one chicken and one beef. Chicken was the better of the two. Nice crunchy shells that did not immediately disintegrate with the first bite. The surprise for me was the refried beans. Normally I find them to be awful and an unwelcome sight on my plate but the refried beans here were very good. The Chile Negro looked particularly appetizing. The interior of Javier's was very appealing with a cool wood carving on a back wall. Waiter was a bit pushy but efficient. I would like to go back and try some of the house specials.
4	OK it's expensive and loud BUT it's Vegas get over it. The food is cooked to perfection.    The service is excellent, not surprisingly. The decor on one of the far walls reminds me of Dante's Inferno, so beautifully carved. I have eaten here 3 times over 1 year and it's consistently high quality. BTW use your cell phones light to read the menu, you'll know what I mean when you try and read the menu
5	Ate here on 22 December 2013.The food isn't mind blowing but is way better than your typical Mexican fare.The margaritas here are the best I've ever tasted. Hands down. Try em all!The server was very professional and had a great sense of timing for when he was needed and when he wasn't.This is a great place to enjoy both a casual meal and a nice dinner in the evening.
3	Food was okay, but coming from SoCal i've had better for less than half the price! The margaritas were awesome, but for $16 they better be!! I probably wouldn't come back here again, too expensive!
2	I don't understand the ridiculous pricing.  I had the lobster enchilada and it literally had NO flavor.  The seafood inside the enchilada and the stuffed pepper was so overcooked it was rubber.  However, there was a seafood taco that came with my meal that was delicious.  Someone else in our party ordered the tabli, which is a large butcher block full of different kinds of meat.  The beef was delicious; however the pork and chicken were both very dry, tough and hard to eat.  The refried beans were absolutely disgusting and inedible.  I don't understand how this restaurant can get beans wrong.  Unbeknownst to me, my husband ordered bottled waters for the table.  I made a comment that it tasted like the tap water at our home, and he told it was bottled.  BEWARE!  The bottled waters they brought were bottles that were being refilled from a tap.  They were not labeled and were not opened in front of us (I'm sure that's because they are reusing the bottles).  The small bottles were 10$ each!  I don't know exactly what they are doing, but I highly suspect that it's some sort of scam.  I asked the waiter to bring me regular water so that I could see the difference, and the regular water actually tasted better!  hmmmmm.....The music was so loud that it is very difficult to have a conversation with someone accross the table.  Definitely not the place for a date.  It was my daughter's last night before she left back for college and it was extremely frustrating not to be able to have a nice conversation over our last meal together.I won't go back here unless someone else is paying.  As a local, it felt like a tourist trap.
5	Excellent Mexican food! Chips and salsa were great. The ceviche and the tacos with the chipotle mayo were excellent.
5	I love the purgatory wall..loved the bar..the best thing is the Tablita for two..and don julio 1942 was the best
4	If you're looking for some cheap tacos on the Strip go check out Tacos El Gordo next to Encore. If you are looking for some real Mexican food in a beautiful setting Javier's is your place.Make no mistake, Javier's is probably one of the more pricey Mexican restaurants in town. Average plate runs upwards of $30 but don't expect to eat for less at a sit-down restaurant on the strip let alone Aria. The menu is extensive with a large selection of seafood entrees and vegetarian dishes. There really is something for everyone and the combo plates allow you to sample a wide variety of dishes. I recommend the stuffed relleno peppers and guacamole, the lobster enchiladas are also extremely popular. On a side note: no free refills on soft drinks, $6 for a small 11 ounce bottle. SMH!Rest assured your money is going somewhere: the restaurant. Javier's is gorgeous. Big props to their interior designer. The white stone with dark wood, leather tables,massive wood carvings and a beautiful bar all come together to make it one of the best looking restaurants on the strip. The restaurant is huge, probably the biggest in City Center and you can see the attention to detail in every square inch.
4	The chile relleno combination plate was delicious!  Excellent drinks & service!  Their private room is beautiful with a long table & flat screen!
5	Javier's is my favorite spot to get my Mexican cuisine on. It's just on another level when it comes to their staff and management. They are friendly and outgoing. That right there is a great start to your dinning experience. The food here is phenomenal, and priced accurately. The portions are great and can't complain. There are a bunch of great options for food choice and you can not go wrong with anything you choose. I highly recommend this place if you are craving some great Mexican food.
4	We have been coming here for a few years now. The drinks are awesome. This time we are lunch and were not disappointed. The food was fresh and service was genuine and attentive. The place is outfitted with incredible design elements. It's a great option for dining on the strip without breaking the bank.
4	I've had two good dining experiences here and everyone I was with liked what they ordered. They also liked their margaritas, which were quite strong.The house special La Tablita is a make-your-own-taco platter that "serves two." It easily could've served four. We ordered it with steak and carnitas. Some of the carnitas were ribs--I've never seen that before--it's usually pork shoulder or butt. I love carnitas, theirs was good, but would've been better if the meat had been broken into chunks before browning. Instead, it was served it in two solid chunks so most of the meat was dry and not crispy from being fried up in oil or fat before serving.Summary: Really good Mexican at ridiculous Vegas prices. And of course the place is ridiculously loud, like everywhere you go on the wacko Strip.
4	Authentic, beautiful and well priced! I had the carnitas and they were fabulous, the pork ribs was a nice surprise. The only thing missing was side of lemons; the salsa verde taste just like the one my mom makes!
2	Although I love the food at Javier's I'm consistently disappointed with the level of service here . It's almost like the staff and servers are 2 busy for you when your there. Every time an item is dropped off its like a race to get away from the table. I'm all about working hard and hustling around but there is a level of customer service that needs to go into an expensive meal like Javier's.
4	Ate here for a client dinner. I thought the food was great, however the ambiance was a little loud for a party our size (6) it was difficult to hear the other end of the table's conversation.  Decor was beautiful.Started with the queso and guac. Both were good. Chips and salsa were good too, the salsa had a bit of a kick to it.For my entree, I tried a sampler platter of a shrimp taco, Maine lobster enchilada, stuffed chile relleno. It was delicious!  This is upscale mexican food and the average entree was around $30. This was very similar pricing to all the restaurants in the aria hotel.
3	Not a huge fan of Mexican food, but every once in a while I get the fever.  But I'm use to going to hole in a walls, not an expensive place like Javier's.  Located in the beautiful Aria, this restaurant is elegant and nicely decorated.  Service was extremely friendly and fast.  The food was very good, so I forgave them for the high price.
4	Solid choice for dining on the strip :)It's a bit expensive overall, but that's pretty much the only thing I can complain about here!  We received great service, the setting was very dim and romantic, and the food overall was good!Started off with the Complimentary Chips and Salsa. So easy to get this wrong...but Javier's does it right!   Ceviche de Camaron ($18). Great ceviche...just spendy. Some of the best ceviche I've had was only $3-5 and served in a plastic cup...this doesn't fare much better esp for the money. Shredded Beef Taquitos ($10): Avocado Sauce, Cotija Cheese, Sour Cream, Radish, Onion & Cilantro. There were 3 rolls here...pretty good!  Not sure if I would order them again though.Eva went with the Cabo Azul ($30): Maine Lobster Enchilada in Creamy Pasilla Sauce, Grilled Chili Relleno with Monterey Jack, Shrimp and Dungeness Crab in Relleno, and Shrimp Taco Ensenada style. Lots going on here...everything was good, but I think the SHRIMP TACO was actually the best choice here.  Surprising I know!I went with the Carnitas ($25): Michoacan style Pork served with Refritos, Guac, Salsa Quemada, Grilled Green Onions & Cilantro. This was delicious! SUPER flavorful carnitas...I've never had it like this before!  This dish would be highly recommended :PEasily the most I've spent on Mexican food, but given the location, setting, flavor and service, it is a memorable dinner on the strip!
5	Amazing!Food is very flavorful....I had the seafood enchiladas and they are to die for! Service was a little slow as they were VERY busy.....but food was so worth it.
5	This was a great restaurant. I got the enchiladas and they were to my liking. I also got a margarita, I believe and that was prepared nicely as well. I would recommend this place and will be back.
5	One of the best Restaurants I've been to in a while. very fast paced & organized. came in with a party of 7 and will most definatly return, (maybe not with that big of a party, but still.) 10 stars!!
5	Probably one of the more affordable restaurants in Aria. But with that said, you can expect to spend roughly $40-50 per person if you stick with a main entree and one alcoholic drink. With our $50 beverage and dining credit, I did some Yelpy research and figured that we could make like thieves and get away with an upscale dining experience for 2 for a grand total of $9.At Javier's, the best meal to get is "La Tablita". You won't regret it. It can easily feed three adults, maybe even four. For $46, you get ample servings of rice, beans, rajas (roasted peppers), pico de gallo, guacamole, carnitas, chicken, steak, and tortillas. We knew we did good when we got lots of drooly stares as people passed us and got seated at their tables. The carne asada steak was seriously the best steak I've had in my life thus far. Thin and smoky and juicy. The chips and salsa are also complimentary. They don't offer it straight up but ask for the "green" salsa (also complimentary). It's a tomatillo salsa - spicy and sour and sweet.Dress nice or you'll stick out.
2	What a disappointment!!! Ambiance is one thing, but when the waiter has to hand you a mini flashlight in order to read the menu it's just too darn dark.  The music was so loud that we had to lean in to hear each other. The bartender seems to think that a cosmopolitan is just a vodka cranberry served In a fancy glass. The shrimp cocktail was chewy and tasted like recently thawed frozen shrimp. While we were still chewing our first bite of shrimp, the entrees arrived....within 90 seconds of the appetizer.  That is a huge pet peeve.  It's just common sense that you don't serve the main course until the starter is completed.  Never again, Javier, never again.
5	From 1 being horrible and 1 being awesome:Food - 5Atmosphere - 5Service - 5Price - 4I had the cabos avron or something like that.  It had a lobster enchilada, shrimp taco, and Chilli relleno.  It was outstanding and a good size portion.  The chips and salsa were awesome as well.  Awesome awesome place.  And it was good that it wasn't your everyday Mexican food.
5	It was probably the best seafood enchilada I've ever had and great sangria!Great service and ambiance ! Would definitely go back!
3	We like Javier's. We go there a lot as we stay at the Aria, A LOT. The food has it's ups and downs, but I like the bar and the atmosphere. It's always a quick and easy place to get into for lunch. My complaint - the chairs in the bar. I mean, they are the biggest and heaviest chairs ever. We like to sit in the bar a lot. We usually order apps and drinks so the bar is perfect for us.I love their seafood enchilada! Yummyy :) Oh and their green salsa with the avocado, just amazing, especially of you enjoy spicy! All in all, it is a little overpriced food, but it's in the Aria, so we'll go again, I'm sure :)
4	$50 Aria resort credit well spent on 3 mean margaritas! We randomly stumbled in to this place because my girlfriend and her sister were attracted to the restaurant's ambiance and decor. The wide, dark-lit restaurant with the large rounded bar area overlooks the casino area. Even though this place looks all classy and flashy, I don't think I would come here for the food because I've been spoiled with all the great hole-in-the-wall spots in LA and San Diego. Plus, it's also about 4-5 times more expensive than the tacos/burritos I get at Alberto's. We did try the quesadilla though just to snack on, which was very good.I would definitely come back for the margaritas! I don't drink a lot of margaritas but the ones they serve here are probably the best I've ever had. I like the concoction of the Pepito Cucumber margarita. Top shelf tequila with bits of cucumber mixed in, delish! I also like the Jalapeno margarita.. not spicy but has that kick and flare brought by the jalapeno. Just the drinks with chips and salsa was definitely a good recipe for a start of a good night!
4	Very good...Not the same Mexican flavor I'm used too but it's good, extremely fresh and the service is fantastic. Not to mention the unique, sexy atmosphere.
3	For the amount of $ you will be spending at Javier's it is expensive. I thin that there are places off of the strip for a lot less and just as good. Although I am a mexican food lover and the actual food is good. If you have the funds to spend and you want the exciting aria environment than I recommend it. But $30 for a taco, enchilada beans and rice is a lot. Food is good though.
4	Yum yum yum! Restaurant is really good. A little pricey but worth the food :) if you like spicy this place is perfect for you! If not you can always let them know and they will adjust the flavor or let you know whats a good dish :)
5	Javier's is muy bueno!  #1 best Chips and Salsa in my opinion in Las Vegas period.I have been to every Mexican Restaurant in town.  Javier's is a little pricier than most Mexican restaurants but in my opinion well worth it.  If you are debating between Mexican Restaurants on the strip it blows Border Grill,and Diablos out of the water on every level.  If you are a Mexican food lover then i will say this is a must for you to try!I have eaten here many times and have always had excellent professional service and a great experience.  The restaurant itself is beautiful and has the nicest mexican ambiance and decor i have seen. The Food is excellent and what is really great about this place is that they have a lot of very sophisticated items on the menu that you don't typically find in most Mexican restaurants.   One dish thats different and I make sure somebody orders at the table  is the Camarones al mojo de ajo, or garlic shrimp. Another stand out is the Chile Verde special which is a pork dish and is most excellent.  I actually have them turn this into Chile Verde enchiladas when i go - a modification i highly recommend! :) The best appetizer is the chicken taquitos or the steak nachos.  The main dishes come with rice and beans and you have your choice of black/white refried or regular beans served in a cup.  Both are delicious! ( I prefer the white)No matter what you select for your meal you will be very pleased.  They use all fresh ingredients and the kitchen definitely knows what they are doing.  Food comes out hot and perfectly cooked every time.   Buen Provecho!
4	Great dinner items, the lamb was so tender. Desert menu didn't really exist, would have loved some more options to round out an excellent meal.
5	Excellent food, tender steaks, wonderful seafood, great service, top shelf cocktails.
4	great afternoon rest stop with Javier's margarita and chips and salsa.  Margarita has grand mariner in it, makes a huge difference.
4	Delicious spot in Aria - great Mexican cuisine!Being from TX, we know a thing or two about Mexican food, and this one has  really delicious and creative options!  We had a late lunch here on a Friday afternoon before attending a show later that evening, and were greeted with friendly service and a laid back atmosphere.  The chips and salsa were fresh and spicy, the perfect accompaniment for a tangy margarita.  The shrimp ceviche was some of the best I've ever tasted, and the taco plates are the perfect size.  My husband loved his beef tacos, and the rice and beans that came with it were flavorful and some of the best he's had outside of TX.  We definitely recommend this restaurant for lunch or dinner, but be prepared to wait if you don't have reservations here on a Friday or Saturday night - I think everyone knows how good the food is here so it gets packed pretty quickly!  Cheers!
5	They have an amazing staff,  great management,  food is pricey but worth it .. i don't like Mexican food because it usually greasy but not here.
2	This place was disappointing! The service was fine and our waiter was friendly, but nothing spectacular. We went to dinner as a group of four and were promptly seated. The ambience wasn't bad, but we all hated how dark it was in the booth area we were in. We are all fairly young (mid-twenties to early thirties), yet felt like we had aged because it was so dark we couldn't read the menus printed on black paper. Turns out we weren't the only ones having issues as we saw other waiters turn on mini flash flights for other patrons to read their menus! Ridiculous. We each had different margaritas and didn't think much of them. We didn't bother ordering additional rounds as we had all planned to. Can't remember the specific name of my dish, but the description in the menu sounded great so I ordered it. My friends had the beef fajitas. We got our plates and well... mine looked EXACTLY like theirs with the exception of having a small side of rice. A little frustrating when the descriptions AND prices were different. On top of that, the food was bland. I pretty much just poured the rest of the salsa (from the chips and salsa to start) to have some sort of taste. There was no flavor in anything and the steak pieces were dry and overcooked. It was truly a disappointing meal, especially given the price. The only saving grace in this place were the chips and salsa. Those were definitely tasty, but that is not enough to return to this place.
5	Loved it!  Went there with my boyfriend this past Saturday evening.  I did call for a reservation earlier in the afternoon and got in with no problem.  As our day progressed we realized we would not make it by the reservation time.  I was able to call and change it to an hour later with no problem.  That said, when we arrived at 8pm...the place appeared pretty much full.  We were seated promptly in a nice big, round booth...and from the moment I tasted the salsa for the chips....I knew this was going to be good!  The salsa had just the right mix of flavors and a lil kick at the end.  I am a big Mexican food lover.  I ordered enchiladas rojas..one chicken and one cheese.  Yummmm!!  My boyfriend is not nearly as much into Mexican food as I am, but this place had more than enough items on the menu that you would not find at a typical Mexican restaurant....so he had lots of options.  He went with the rib-eye(Filete Ladrillo)...and loved it!  This will definitely be one of my go-to places whenever I visit Vegas!
4	Located inside the Aria Hotel, Javier's is on the casino level.  The restaurant is Mexican inspired, and the decor is beautiful and inviting.  It was extremely crowded on a Saturday Night so reservations are highly recommended.  The bar was packed, but luckily our group had a table.  I ordered a delicious strawberry margarita.  For the entree, I had the taco plate with two shrimp, and one chicken tacos.  The entree comes with rice, beans, guacamole and sour cream.  The portion size was sufficient.  Someone in our party ordered the ceviche which was TINY.  The plate was children's size.  All in all, Javier's had delicious food, for an expensive price.  Most drinks are in the $18+ range and the main entree's are in the $40+ dollar range.  The service was average, but I would return again for the good food.
3	Went to dinner with some friends and was unsure about this place.  it was kinda dark and the wall by our table was hand carved skulls and skeletons all over it.  The steak i ordered was cooked perfect.  It came with a side of guacamole and black beans, and had a pepper sticking out that looked like Asparagus so i ate it in one shot not realize it was the hottest pepper i've ever eaten in my life!!!!
5	Absolutely the BEST Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas.  When I lived in Southern California I went all the time to their restaurant there and they don't disappoint.  Yes a bit more expensive than your typical Mexican restaurant but worth it.  THE BEST Carnitas I have tasted.  Plus a huge Tequila menu.  Enjoy!!!
1	Went there last night with sister for dinner took 40 mins for 4 tacos so irritated and the manger didn't do anything about it when we told him
3	The food here was "ok". The chips & salsa were good, but everything else was mediocre. I don't think the food was worth the price. Service was excellent.
3	Not what I expected......service was great very friendly and sweet servers but I don't think you're getting what you're paying for. The food was good but not good enough for $40 a plate. The chips and salsa were good though. It's really nothing special.
4	This was my second dinner in this Javier's since it opened. Pretty much everything on the menu is good. I ate lighter fare, but for my customers who had never tried great Mole, their Mole with a steak was quite the hit. There are pages of items to choose from and it's pretty much guaranteed everyone will enjoy their food.Their chips and salsa are always wonderful as is the table side guacamole. We had to have seconds on chips. Their handmade margaritas are great. I still like the Newport Coast location the best because of the view, but this location is way better than the Irvine Spectrum! Prices are very reasonable.
4	Cabo Azul was delicious. Margaritas super strong.
5	Amazing atmosphere! Friendly staff & awesome music!!
5	Amazingggggggg food now this is real Mexican food not like lindo michoacan! Taste like if my mom cooked it herself! It's a beautiful restaurant and really nice workers
4	I didn't have a meal at my trip to Javier's, but I can vouch for the margaritas! Woah! With so many places on the strip that skimp out on the alcohol leaving the flavors lacking in my favorite cocktails, Javier's really hit the spot. Even the flavored margaritas have a perfect amount of tequila that gives you rosy cheeks and also your money's worth. The chips and salsa are delicious too!
1	What a disappointment Javier's was. My family and I had dinner here this past Easter Sunday and although the decor was fabulous the food had no flavor and was cold on top of that. Like other reviews I've read the chips and salsa were definitely the only saving grace of Javier's. The service was neither here nor there just as our waiter. Although we didn't enjoy our experience at this vegas location we're planning on trying the ones in California and Cabo.
2	First, let me say we loved the Aria. It was my second stay there within the year and it was a great hotel. But,  this restaurant we did not enjoy. The food arrived within mins of being ordered and quickly cooled, there is no way it was cooked to order. That coupled with $150 tab for two people (granted that included a couple of drinks each...still) was too much. The waiter was good/kind poor food not his fault and the chips and salsa were tasty and fresh - but not worth the price.
2	have been going to all the Mexican restaurant in town last couple of weeks to see where I would like to go for cinco de mayo. my take on Javier's is that while the food was decent the prices are crazy. the guacamole is very good but their salsa is no. drinks were ok. I would go back but only if I had a groupon 1/2 off.
4	Its a good spot for dinner at Aria.  Yes its very expensive Mexican food, but for the strip its not too bad.  Quality was good, service was good, and we enjoyed ourselves.  We had a bunch of drinks, lots of food, and the bill was less than a $100 per person. Thats a win in Vegas for dinner.
2	Just ok in terms of my dinner plate. Came here for dinner with friends during my b day weekend celebration. We did not set a reservation and the restaurant was accommodating. Our party of 4 was led to a dark lite booth. It's very dark so watch your step if sitting in the booths. The service was great and our food arrived quickly! I was surprised to see that they offer chips, salsa, and guacamole free! Yum!  The specialty cocktail menu had interesting margarita drinks. I sampled the Jalapeno margarita one of our party ordered and it was tasty. For entrees we all ordered something a little different. I ordered the Fajitas de Carne o Pollo it was just ok.  As for the rest of the party everyone really enjoyed their entrees. I do not think I will come back while visiting Aria or Vegas really. I'll stick to having Mexican cuisine back home in Texas.
3	Chips and salsa were ok.  Chips were warm and the salsa was spicy.My seafood enchiladas were tasty but I bit down on a shell near the end of my meal which killed my appetite for the rest of the entree.Classic margaritas were $15, but I couldn't see anything to justify the price.Only two choices for dessert - flan or fried ice cream.  Selected the fried ice cream and was not disappointed.Service was prompt, and we were able to get in and out quickly which is a plus for us.
5	First time in Vegas and this was an amazing restaurant half a year later craving it again. This is a trip making restaurant anything is good on the menu highly recommended.
5	it is pricey.  it is Aria.  it's all good.if you are looking for dollar tacos or frozen margaritas, go downtown.  just saying...
5	Best Mexican cuisine I have experienced anywhere in the world.  The ambience of the decor alone, from the tequila tree to the Aztec wood carving, are worth price of admission.  Their drink selection is superb, try the Aroma De Mujer.  Favorite dish by  far is the Mar y Tierra.  A must try for fans of upscale Mexican.
5	First time here and the food and drinks are amazing!  Ambiance was great and the service was incredible.  This place is now on my must have list!!
5	Absolutely yummy! Can't wait to go back. Had the scallops and a couple margaritas, strawberry and cucumber were the best.
5	We had a great lunch experience here. The waiter was extremely attentive & knowledgeable about the menu. The drinks & the food were great & I loved the ambience.
5	Best mole poblano! The service was excellent and everything, down to the chips and salsa , was perfectly seasoned.
5	I cannot say enough about this place other than I really have nothing bad to say about it. I have eaten here probably around 10 times, and each time has been nothing short of fantastic. The hostesses are ALWAYS accommodating with or without a reservation. On the off chance you have to wait a little bit (depending on when you go), the bar usually has ample space. The service is spectacular. It honestly feels like the waiters/bus boys are watching your table constantly. I can honestly say they have never let our chip bowl even come close to empty before swapping it out with a fresh bowl...and they are endless. The chips come with salsa which is great, but if you're a regular you know to ask for ALL of their salsa options...they have a VERY spicy habenero and a mild tomatillo. They are also excellent at always making sure your water glasses are always full!The food is unreal. I have never tried something I did not like. And, if they don't have something you want on the menu, they work with you to create it! My friend said he wanted the picture he saw on the strip which featured the chicken, beef, and veggie enchilada. That is not on the menu as an entree all together, and was only for picture purposes -but they made it happen. I have a few examples of this. If you have food sensitivities, or are gluten free you can easily find something you can eat, and if not, again - they will make it happen!Some people are not a huge fan of the lighting - but I think the dimness pairs well with the decor and creates a sexy, intimate environment. It is a but pricey, but you get what you pay for and it is worth it!The bathrooms should be a little bigger based on the size of the restaurant, but it is not that big of a deal!Love, love, love this place.
5	This place is amazing. My bsolute favorite Mexican restauarant. If price is an issue you might want too checkout another spot. If you are looking for quality food and great atmosphere this is your place.
1	This place was terrible. I will start off by saying it got one star because yelp requires a star, that and their salsa was good. We had to wait a long time to get in but not the worst situation, it is Vegas on a holiday weekend after all. My husband and I ordered the carne asada. We were so excited to get the full flavor one typically associates with carne asada with a traditional steak....well forgive the Vegas pun, no dice. See what I did there? I ordered medium well, both steaks came out bloody, as in medium rare. We had waited almost an hour, I wasn't about to send it back and wait even longer. This is a 50 dollar meal per person for an improperly prepared, tough, flavorless steak. I have had much better prepared and flavorful steaks from outback. Side note to the servers, give a steak knife when serving steak. This way when you serve tough steaks, your patrons fingers won't hurt when trying to cut their food. Had the food been incredible, I would have said well worth the money. Food sucked, service not that much better. I would AVOID!
5	Great service!  Good was well prepared and the organic margarita was insanely delicious! Flan was silky and oh so flavorful!
1	My boyfriend loves the Javier's in Orange County, and so we were excited to see a Javier's when we came to Vegas. We had a really disappointing experience at this restaurant. The wait time we were given was 30-45 minutes. It was over an hour. We came right back when they called us. There was a line of people waiting to put their name on the list to get in, so we walked around to the side (where the hostess meets you to walk you to your table) and told them we were back. The woman we had initially talked to was nice to us (seriously, she was the best part of the whole experience), but the woman I encountered when I checked back in with them was really rude. It took a long time to get any attention after we were seated, which was obnoxious because we were super hungry after our hour+ wait. The table next to us was seated after us, but got service way before us. On our other side was an 8 top with a bunch of young guys and some women we were pretty sure were escorts. Our server wasn't very welcoming, nice, or helpful. He seemed annoyed when we didn't order drinks (they were pretty expensive and we were pretty much over drinking at that point in our trip!)The guac we got was totally plain and boring. It was literally just smashed avocados and a dash of salt served on a wilted piece of lettuce. My meal came out wrong. My enchiladas came out with NO SAUCE on them. They just brought me sauce on the side. I also was served the wrong kind of beans. When I mentioned this there was no apology of offer to correct it. I mentioned it twice and each time the person just said 'ok!' and walked away. I was really confused. We got pretty much NO service from our server as he was busy with the 8 top next to us. We couldn't even flag him down. The bus boys were nice, but we still lacked the service and continuity that even a mediocre server gives. Service ranked at zero stars, and I'd rate the food really low, too. My food wasn't good, but there were components that were tasty and I suspect that they can crank out some good stuff when they pull it together. Overall, though, the experience was really terrible. It's been a few weeks and I'm still thinking about how lame it was. Also, it was super loud. This might be great if you're getting ready to party, but we were already partied out. We wanted to relax and have a good meal and this place was absolutely the wrong choice for that.
5	We recently dined at this awesome restaurant located in the Aria casino. This is one cool place.Service was beyond outstanding! The margaritas were fantastic, as were the chips and salsa.I ordered the filet mignon and it came out a perfect medium. One of the best steaks I've had in a long time, as were the 2 large prawns and the white rice. We completed our meal with the delicious fried ice cream.I highly recommend this restaurant.
4	For seafood and Mexican lovers you can't go wrong.  I've never gotten something here that I didn't enjoy.  I always get either the seafood enchiladas or the seafood quesadillas and they are to die for.  Their margaritas are fabulous.  I also got the Javier's ensalada w/ shrimp before and it was so good.  The service is hit or miss.  If you're on a time restraint you may want to go elsewhere.  Also, they don't split checks.  Excellent food with just OK service.
3	Beautiful, beautiful bar. I absolutely adore the decor - very unique, very inviting, very cozy. They have a great drink menu selection, especially for a tequila lover like myself. However, I did get the jalapeno margarita and it was soooo spicy (too spicy for me, and I usually enjoy spicy jalapeno drinks). Over the course of close to an hour I only had a few sips. The bartender even dropped by to give my friend (almost done with her drink) a free drink (with no explanation). I should have spoken up, but I will opt for a nice glass of wine to enjoy this space next time.
1	Newport Beach location - absolutely wonderful.  Las Vegas location - not so great - service is 3 on a scale of 1-10 and the food - 1 on a scale of 1-10.  Way different than the Newport Beach location that I frequent.  Very authentic and great service and the food is delicious.
3	I really want to love Javiars because of the the atmosphere but the service was so slow and terrible to be at an upscale restaurant that it just kills it for me.We waited 15 minutes before a server came and took our drink order and when he came back another 15 minutes later there was no explanation of the menu, welcome to Javiars or let me start an appetizer for you---just are you ready to order like we were at Dennys no recommendations or anything.  Once the order was placed, the food then took 45 minutes plus to come out but by then our drinks were empty and our server never asked if we wanted refills.The things I would highly recommend are:  pineapple margaritas, lobster enchiladas, and carne asada.
5	This place was awesome, steaks were great and I loved the crab enchilada. Really comfortable booths and a great place for just a drink and some chips as well.
4	I was on my one-year anniversary date. We ordered the ceviche de pescado and the steak and lobster dinner. Let me tell you. They serve this salsa with a side of perfect chips. PERFECT CHIPS. The salsa is spicy, just a warning, but the best ever. The ceviche is lemony goodness. Simple and so delicious. Now the star of the show was the steak and lobster. Order it medium rare. It is so tender, you can literally cut it with a fork. It is served over a garlic buttery sauce and it is just amazing. The lobster is smothered in poblano peppers and onions. It is an amazing mexican twist on an American classic. GO.
5	I love this place! The vibe is so romantic, perfect for couples! The serve you complimentary warm chips and salsa first. The margaritas were good and loved the taquitos, although the were a bit hard to cut. The guac is also very good, but make sure you save your warm chips because the guac literally had 3 chips only. One of my favorite places in Vegas to grab a drink and some food.
3	Javier's in California gets 5 stars! I'm new to Vegas and really miss it but this one wasn't the same. I will try it again some day. I'm glad the chips and salsa are the same.
5	Best mexican food in Las Vegas! I LOVE their chips and Salsa and their chicken enchiladas. Great margaritas! My favorite is the Jalepeno one. The atmosphere is great and service is always good :)
4	Very good all around. Good service from our server Ovidio, chips, salsa, and quality entrees. Would come again for a fine dining mexican experience.
1	Hey Javier's in SoCal. You should be embarrassed to have your name on this debacle.  Even if they hadn't been 20 minutes late on our reservation and the serviced hadn't been bad and they hadn't  stuck our group in a make shift table in the corner, the food still sucked. I had the $30 lobster enchiladas, which are great in Newport Beach, and I couldn't taste lobster and they were way too salty.  No one in our group had a meal better than mediocre.  Total disappointment. I'd never go back when the are so many good restaurants in Vegas.  AVOID!!
4	I love Javier's.  Great chips, salsa, and guacamole.  The spinach enchilada is wonderful.  Great service with friendly staff.  The music is a bit loud.
5	This is my favorite Mexican food restaurant in Vegas! I'm a local so I avoid the strip as much as possible, but I would take on the traffic and tourists every day to eat here! And I recommend this place to any of my friends or family visiting Las Vegas.All of the food is amazing...from the margaritas, to the chips and salsa, to the meal. My all-time favorite is the Quesadilla de Mariscos with crab and shrimp. AMAZING. The meal is a little pricey, but worth it. I would high recommend Javier's to anyone looking for some great food!
1	You are a Mexican restaurant and you guys are showing the Mexico World Cup Soccer game with no volume ???? ! Freaken total sell outs . You should be called Jimmy's . What a let down . Headed over to another real Mexican bar that is hosting the game , nice and loud to pay respect to our soccer team .
5	This place is absolutely amazing! The ambience is trendy and and relaxing. The food was delicious. I had the carnitas. The meat was so tender and served on the bone. The margaritas here are out of this world. They claim their margaritas are the best in the world and I haven't had one better. I'll definitely return next time I'm in Vegas!!
4	Absoultely love this place !!! This review is only for the bar area. Every time i'm in vegas i have to make a quick stop at this bar. The tamarindo margarita is my favorite !!!! However, if you want to do a good meal you have to try the tablita, which has grilled steak/chicken/carnitas and 4 different salsa beans and rice. it is more then enough for 2 - 4 people. So delicious i highly recommend.
5	We wanted a nice meal on our last night in Vegas and we weren't disappointed. Cool vibe, nice cocktails and great service. The food was top notch and I can't recommend the tablita for two enough, although there was just to much food to finish it all. Thank you and we will be back
5	I had the cabo azul. It was delicious!!  I'm not a big lobster fan, but the lobster enchilada was amazing! I also had a pomegranate margarita. I can't stay enough great things about Javier's!!
4	Great food! Can't wait to go back and try the seafood enchiladas. The jalepeno margarita is great, still sweet, unless you eat the jalepenos ;)
5	My husband and I just had a wonderful experience at Javier's last night.  When we arrived, we were immediately seated.  I loved that every seat is a great seat. Most tables have booths.  Our server Ciara was so sweet and took care of us with no delay. My drink was absolutely perfect!!! Pricey but perfect! We ordered the costillar de Rez.  OMG it was so amazing. The meat melts in your mouth! Overall this place offers gourmet Mexican food.  It is on the pricey side but to me it's worth it!
4	I loved this fine dining Mexican restaurant at the Aria Resort & Casino. It is visually very beautiful and unique in it's layout and decor. Based only upon my one meal and drinks here, I give my star rating of 4 stars. It's lively and fun with good service. The food was very good though pricey, but what you'd expect from like establishments in Las Vegas. I would definitely come back to it again.
2	We walked in for a lunch on Sunday. It happened to be the World Cup and I was surprised that there was availability, but there was. We were seated in the bar area and our drinks and appetizers were ordered. This was great and that is where it ended. Once our appetizers were ordered our waitress decided to become engrossed doing other things. When she finally did come by we ordered and then we waited for over 30 minutes (easily). When we did get our food the plate was hot but the food was cold. Go figure. As far as the food went, it was average. Not bad. However, coupled with that kind of service, no way will I be back.
5	Fantastic! Everything here has been amazing every time we are there.  As a pescatarian, I can always find amazing fish and veggie dishes here.  My boyfriend usually orders the pork special and has never been disappointed.  This is a great choice for authentic Mexican food.
5	Fideo del Mar is simply the best seafood dish on the menu. I know, it's weird getting an Italian dish in a Mexican restaurant, but it's so good! It comes with pasta, shrimp, scallop, crab meat and some scallions on top. I have had the same dish at their Newport Beach location as well and it's consistently awesome! My bf has tried their Enchilada, Chile Relleno & Taco and he's very satisfied with it. They have pretty good homemade salsa as well. Very fresh and yummy. If you want authentic Mexican food with a more upscale environment then Javier's is your place.
5	I first tried the location in Laguna beach CA... And I fell in love. Javier's offers authentic & delicious food! The ambiance is incredible, the service is great & we absolutely love going to Javier's ! The steak was amazing & so was the queso fundido... Yum! Can't wait to go back. Wish we had one in Miami!
2	Horrible!! The queso was not really queso, it was melted cheese that was hard and cold. The service was not friendly and unprofessional. The service was giving each other high fives and talking to one another in front of the table. They went to take the food without asking if we were done, I had to stop them and ask for a box. Lastly, the music was so loud! We couldn't talk and hear one another or your own thoughts. When we asked if they could turn down the music the server rudely stated that they don't do that here. When we asked someone else they stated when they are busy they turn the music louder. We were shocked! To top it all off they gave us a pen to sign our checks with a pen from another hotel on the strip not even an MGM property. Shows the attention to detail and the quality of place it is! Save your money and go somewhere else.
5	This place is great. It is  dark inside  so use the flashlight on your phone for the menu or the waiters have little flashlights too. I had the chile rellenos and they were incredible. When i first got my dish it seemed small but as i started eating i got full. they served the chille rellenos on 1 plate and the beans and rice on another. good salsa. very impressed with the quality and good service.
5	Delicious food, nice atmosphere and courteous and attentive staff. They have the best chips and salsa EVERl highly recommend the seafood enchiladas and finish it off with deep fried ice cream for dessert YUM
1	Hubby and I wanted a nice Mexican meal after a ceremony. Decided to give this new restaurant a try. We've had our fair share of experiences in the Mexican Food field; from Mundo, to others in Las Vegas, Mexico, South America & even Australia. The prices are high but not that bad. Food wasn't worth the money though. Guacamole was ordinary and my mom's enchiladas taste much better than the ones I had there. I won't be visiting again. Disappointed.
4	The Cabo Azul was as good as the other reviews stated. We had a late lunch and It is a lot of food so I did not have room for dessert or dinner!  I'm not a huge margarita drinker but the one I had was quite good and spicy. Very nice atmosphere. Come hungry.
5	Stayed at the Aria and this was really the only meal-meal we ate in the hotel.  It was delicious!  The jalapeno margaritas are just the right amount of lime and spice.  My chicken fajitas were made with Jidori chicken (who does that!?!?!  Vegas, that's who) and were ridiculously good.  Like many restaurants in Vegas (and especially the newer casinos), it's loud so if you're looking to whisper sweet nothings in your honey's ear, she won't hear you.  Also, it seems to attract bachelorette parties (we saw three while we were there) so prepare for some shrieking with your guacamole.
1	On August 1, 2014 I took my aging in laws for a 7:30 pm dinner.  We arrived on time and were seated toward the back on the restaurant.  About half way thru the meal the manager lead a large group of party goers to four hastily pushed together tables. Not an unusual event for Vegas. The problem however was that the first wave of customers was followed more waves of loud intoxicated foul mouthed folks who were just left to mill around to piss and moan about not having a place to sit. The management had no answer and the mini mob stood about for over half an hour.  Our table was soon eyeballed as part of the solution to managements problem and we were aggressively serviced by table cleaning bus help who hovered close by.This is not a first class restaurant it is a poorly managed over priced fast food operation.  No control on the seating process and expect to be treated like a credit card transaction not a valued customer.
5	We had a tough time finding a restaurant that would host us 22 people without freaking out and placing us on a contract and a fixed menu.  This place was the only option we found!  We were starving when we arrived at 8:30, and almost dying by the time were seated 30 minutes later.  We were definitely getting cranky, but everything changed when he seated us at the most AWESOME group dining room ever!  It had a HUGE table, with large wooden chairs and an incredible ambiance.  It was the perfect size for our group and we had our own waiter who organized all the servers and busboys to keep us well attended.The food was also very good.  Of course there was the chips-N-salsa (which we loved- the salsa had a nice flavor to it and was well-blended... also not too spicy).  The entrees were all a bit smaller than I would have expected, but no one complained about not having enough to eat.  Even though we were starving when we got there, I suppose we filled up on the chips and margaritas :)The margaritas were very good (everyone tried a different type).  The strawberry one was like a smoothie (not sour at all), the pineapple was very tart, the tamarind was sweet ("like an iced tea margarita!").The food was a little pricey, but definitely no complaints.  The service was amazing! (We were a large party, but they managed us very well).  The waiter even sported a stick-on mustache that we gave him so he would match the rest of us! (Very nice touch, props!)
3	My wife and I were hanging out at the Aria, and decided to give Javier's a try. I love good Mexican food. We were seated in a nice section of oversized booths that made it feel nice and private. The waiter came and took our drink order and so we both ended up with the organic margarita. Delicious. We ordered the shrimp ceviche for our appetizer and I don't really know what to say about it other than it was the worst ceviche I have ever tasted. Or should I say not tasted. It tasted like they just got some frozen precooked shrimp and then cooked them again and then sprinkled a little lime juice on them. It was weird. Then to make it even more weird the server placed a bottle of tapatio next to the dish almost as if he knew it needed some flavor. Yea that tapatio came in handy. For dinner I had the mole verde, and it was good. My wife had a filet off the grill with a little chipotle cream on it. It was good too. I think the ceviche just threw me so out of sync that the place never really recovered for me. Nice place. The dinner plates we had were good. Service was great and drinks were great.
5	Located in the Aria.  This is what I would think Mexican Gourmet SHOULD be!!Great food; great service.  Pricey but well worth it.  (But not obnoxiously expensive like Nobu, for example)  Fantastic, diverse menu.  I didn't have any alcohol this time but my friends told me the fancy Margaritas they ordered were sublime.Take your time perusing the menu.  They have a fantastic selection from meats, to seafood, to what I would call "mexican combo" plates but that would be a "misnomer" from what we are used to at normal tex-mex places.  This is a GREAT date place, too.  But make reservations.  It can get busy on a weekend.  The decorations are amazing and noteworthy.  The photo of the wood carving I'm attaching supposedly has the owners caricatured in the top right corner.  There is also a glass margarita tree that is part of the decor that looks a little Chihuly'ish, if you know who he is.  All in all can't miss place!!  Highly recommend everyone trying it.
5	This is "THE BEST MEXICAN GOURMET" I've ever had! (other than my mom's of course...hehehe). Aria did an excellent job by opening this restaurant!The food looks and tastes DELICIOUS! Good portions, and authentic Mexican flavors!...and for those who are Vegetarians like me, I recommend the "Spinach Enchiladas Plate." You are going to love them!What you'll also love is how friendly and helpful the staff is: from hostesses, to waiters, to the person who is cleaning the bathroom...everyone is friendly!Can't wait to go back to Vegas just so I can eat there again! :)
4	I went to Javier's last night before seeing Zarkana and I'm so glad I did.  After reading Rod U.'s review, I knew the Cabo Azul would be what I'd order.I was seated promptly without reservation and I was soon brought water, iced tea, and chips with salsa.  I had a few minutes to study the menu once again--I really didn't have to--when the server came back to take my order.  The chips were warm and the salsa had a good flavor with lots of cilantro flavor and a small amount of bite.The Cabo azul is a mixed seafood plate with a (1) grilled chile relleno stuffed with Dungeness crab, shrimp, and jack cheese, (2) a lobster enchilada in pasilla sauce, and (3) a shrimp taco served in a soft flour tortilla that's been slightly grilled.  The dish was wonderful!  It's a great selection of seafood.There was no skimping on any of the fillings.  The enchilada had great tasting lobster.  The crab and shrimp in the chile relleno was plentiful, and the grilled shrimp in the taco were excellent!  The dish also had black beans and rice.  The chile wasn't hot at all.  Although I like hot peppers, I think it would have detracted from the crab and shrimp.  For dessert, I went with their fried ice cream which was standard and good.Service was excellent.  My iced tea was refilled without asking, plates were cleared quickly, and a manager came by two times to see how things were and once to chat about the heat or lack of the chile.The room is really nicely done with different decorations including a wall of carved wood that is quite interesting (see other peoples' photos).  This is a place I'll revisit!
3	Third experience here, and I don't plan to go back again for a while unfortunately.  The service is ok, prices a bit high compared to the original location in Laguna Beach, and menu completely different. I always order a regular chicken burrito which isn't on the menu anymore. Luckily they'll still make it, and it's the best! Also, the table salsa is perfect! Great house margaritas as well with fresh lemon lime juice.
2	Terrible. Overpriced, even for Vegas standards and the food is plain. The taquito appetizer was worse than Mexican food you buy in the refrigerator aisle at your local grocery store. Save your money and go to chipotle instead. The food is better, fresher and less expensive.
5	Tex mex has been a dining staple for my entire life. Javier's isn't tex mex but it's fantastic. The enchiladas with mole sauce were perfect. The seafood combo with lobster enchilada, shrimp taco, and shrimp and crab chile relleno was a real highlight. It's pricier than what I'm accustomed to for Mexican but the ambiance, the service, and the odd but tasty cucumber Rita made up for that. Oh and there's a sweet wall sculpture with skulls and death.
5	Came here for the girlfriends birthday dinner. The service was great, two thumbs up. I had the quesadilla and she had a believe the combo plate. We've have been to the Javier's in Newport Beach and loved the decor there so when we came to vegas for a small weekend relaxing vacation we knew we had to try this place out. Loved the skull wall artwork. It reminded me of pirates of the Caribbean or something like that. I eat Mexican food about 3 or 4 times out of the week since I'm Mexican. From Jalisco so I know what's good authentic Mexican food, and this place is good Mexican food nothing far left of what your mom would cook.  Reasonable price def worth checking out for some good Mexican food in the strip.
1	What a joke of a restaurant. After waiting for 45 minutes for my food I was given a plate of cold rice and shrimp tacos. I ate 1/2 of a taco and couldn't eat anymore but was still charged for 1 taco. That place is an embarrassment. And the management made excuses for their awful food. I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone. Also blonde manager specifically told me Javier the owner charges for anything that is consumed even if it is cold. REALLY Javier??? for being such a fine establishment in the Aria casino I expected much much more.
4	The food & drinks were good. The only issue is I didn't feel any of the food items were really fresh.  The salsa felt like a good quality jar salsa. Or maybe a jar salsa that has been modified.  Food items as well. The beef felt overlooked. As if it's been prepared before and was cooked once more to be served hot. Price was of course not cheap! We ended up paying $120 for 3 drinks and 2 good items. Tax and 20% tip. Which is decent for a fine place like Javier's. But again, I wasn't impressed enough to wanna spend $60 per person and go there again.  By the way our server was nice-ish..! I mean she was professional but not friendly at all. I mean she probably didn't smile one bit! But she was professional. And I'm a softie so she got the 20% tip!I have my eye on the SLS Vegas (#SLSVegas) to open next week. I wanna try all my fave restaurants that they have: #katsuya sushi, #cleo Mediterranean, & #bazaar by Jose Andreas.
4	Went with a small group of 4.. The place looked pretty busy but they were able to get us in it right away. Food was delicious! I had a carne asada quesadilla. It was about $18 (to me that's expensive for such a simple dish). Service was slow that's the only downside. Had to wait for the server to come back around because he barely checked on us. I'm a local and would I go back? Probably not unless a friend wanted me to for a special occasion. Don't get me wrong it tasted good. But I just don't want to pay for an overpriced quesadilla and I don't want to wait 20 minutes for water. Thanks just me though. Servers were nice.
4	I went there last night for my birthday and all i have to say is that the food was good but not extraordinary like i expected it to be. Our waiter was amazing and he was so nice and attentive. It was way too pricey for what we got but hey its the aria.
5	Very, very good food.  Wow.  Fantastic room design.  Great crowd/////  This is the spot for a nice upscale dinner.
5	Our server Juan was great!  Boys night out after a grueling work week....  From appetizer to main...  It was awesome!!!  I had the halibut.  It was so tender and sauce was amazing!  Patron shots helped!!!
3	Best Service- Good Food - Bit Pricey.For vegetarians it is a bit pricey. We eat out a lot, not huge eaters (large portions) but do expect not to leave hungry. If you don't eat the chips and salsa (we had a few, warm, salty and salsa a bit spicy) and free - nice, however the portion size on the veggie enchilada (if you don't eat white rice is a bit small ($20) tasty sauce, warm and full of calories! The waiter did suggest veggie fajitas (not on the menu $24) not too bad, great selection of veggies. I would say high end but again my husband eats once a day 6 feet tall, 145 pounds, works out a lot and eats a lot if veggies...had hoped for more.We did decide to indulge in drinks, I had the St. Francis Merlot ($12) very full bodied and full glass. My husband had the margarita ($12) very full and good tasting.They offer two desserts:flan and fried ice cream, we did the ice cream. Funny - this was a larger portion, lightly fried (not heavy like some restaurants make) ($8) - fun to share - can share with four people!Music not too loud, artwork around the restaurant detailed (reminded me a bit of the streets under Paris with the bones of the dead) - the back wall you should check out.
3	Food was good, service was terrible. We ate at 5pm because we had show tickets, the place was empty save for maybe 2 other tables of small parties. I requested a booth and they sat us in the bar which was very noisy, when there were plenty of booths empty in the restaurant (and sat empty the entire time we dined). Our server was very absent minded, she didn't really seem to be actually paying attention when we ordered, looking around the restaurant. Out of 2 entrees and 2 drinks the only thing that came correctly was one drink. Wrong dressing on the salad, wrong sides with the other entree, and my margarita had salt even though she asked twice and I said no salt. Server never came back around until we were done, and waiting, and getting irritated. Waited forever for the check, then she didn't include a room charge slip so we had to wait some more. Barely made our show when we should have had plenty of time. The food was fine, nothing spectacular. The prices were not bad for Vegas, drinks were on the pricy side though. Probably won't be back next time, we'll explore other options for Mexican food.
1	If I could give a negative rating, I would. Long story short, bill was more than advertised menu price, brought to managers attention (white lady with blonde hair, think Tanya Harding mid-90s look and you will recognize her) she basically said too bad so sad, I said that's not acceptable for a quesadilla to be on the menu for $16.00 and you try to bill $20.00She had no recourse or excuse, provided the bill without a pen. I asked for a pen and a waiter standing around (think Marc Anthony reject) threw a pen at me to sign. I immediately let Aria Conceirege know about the level of service being provided at Javier's and they immediately rectified the situation while letting the food and beverage manager know as well. Food was bland and average, nowhere near caliber of original Javier's in so cal.
5	We went there for a second time in 4 nights!  We ordered salads and drinks.  The service is really good.  All the servers show you that they care.  We were there really late (close to midnight) and one of the servers was putting the table setting on a table in the corner in the back and he was singing while doing it.  It was so adorable!  It seemed that he was enjoying what he was doing.  It somehow made me feel better about the place and the environment there.  I'll definitely go back and I totally recommend dining there for some fine Mexican dining.
3	Tell me, tell me babyWhy can't you leave me?Cause even though I shouldn't want itI gotta have it at...JAVIER'S! - Ariana Grande (problem)The decor here is very nice, the bar is amazing, and I met some very friendly people here. Unfortunately, the food isn't on par with everything else. The chips and salsa is great with the drinks, but the seafood quesadilla that I ordered was quite salty. Some of the standard mexican dishes that other people ordered didn't seem to pop out either.For an upscale mexican restaurant, I was more than happy with everything but the main entree. The food is much better at smaller family owned restaurants so unless you have a craving for mexican food in Vegas, I'd recommend going somewhere else for food.
5	I was leery about Javier's at the Aria. It's Orange County namesake is a high-end, luxurious fiesta, and possibly the only Institution in a region bereft of heritage or culture. A high standard indeed, and I was wondering if Javier's had the hubris to compete with the other heavyweights on The Strip. After our huge party that was executed flawlessly by staff & kitchen, Javier's has proven to be beyond competitive, and an instant contender for best restaurant experience in Las Vegas.We had 12 people, an instant clustermess for any restaurant, and we were seated on time on a Saturday night. The layout was spacious, and the raised ceilings allow for good acoustics, sight lines & style. Our server, Jose Luna, was one of the most efficient, professional servers with whom I've ever had the pleasure of interacting. He paced our table perfectly - no easy task at a rowdy bachelor party - without rushing us, keeping the stream of chips, surprisingly good (and spicy) table salsa, appetizers, meals and desserts at a steady clip. Now the food? The food was just shy of excellent. Interesting, unique expressions of standard dishes with an emphasis on seafood, the sauces are a testament to the seriousness which Javier's treats it's cuisine. The Fideo Del Mar was not, as named, a true fideo noodle; that's satisfactory as the linguine was a natural vehicle for the crab, shrimp and scallop in a light tomatillo cream sauce. The carnitas were voluptuous and delicious; the asada juicy and tender with the right amount of char. Both lacked a tad bit of salt, interestingly enough, so they weren't perfect - but definitely tasty. The desserts included a deep, flavorful flan and a wonderful fried ice cream with a frightfully seductive thin layer of shell. Worth noting specifically is the ceviche - fine, high-quality cuts of octopus, pescado (fish) and shrimp served in a piercingly acidic brine that highlights the succulence of the chemical-free, in-season seafood.Really an outstanding meal, and worth every penny of the (relatively) high prices.
1	NEVER HAD SUCH A NIGHTMARE DINING OUT EXPERINCE IN MY LIFE!! I planned 1 month a head of time my Bachelorette dinner, made reservations .. I was super excited! I arrived 25 mins late to my reservation (hard time catching cab)when we arrived they skipped us. Which is fine long as we get the next opening seating. We waiting over 1 hour and  I noticed people that had just signed in were being seating before me and my group. So I went to talk to the assist manager. Which was lady I asked why it was taking so long..  She gave me the worst attitude ever so I told her she was ruining my special day being that I was the bride to be.. She told me "WELL NEXT TIME DON'T BE LATE TO YOUR OWN PARTY" than walked away from me when I was talking. I was livid!!!! I seriously wanted to slap her! I never in my life been treated so badly! So I complain to the Restaurant manager and told him how horrible that assistant manager was treating me, than he tells me the assitant manager was his wife!!!?? What the heck?? So obvi hes not going to reprimand her cause they're married. Total BS. The manager tried to make things right and got me a drink at the bar, but the damage was already done. My party didn't want to wait any longer at another restaurant so we just stayed. By the time we sat and eat we had waited over 2 hours. You would think I get best service being that it was my bachelorette party but no.  Totally ruined and put a damper on my night.Worst experience ever!! I tried to find a corporate number to complain but couldn't fine one..HATE JAVIERS
2	Bring lots of money!!!  Carnitas were delicious but waaaaayyyy too salty.  Guacamole, veggie enchiladas, chips average.  Much better food places to eat in vegas.
4	Great service and great food. I ordered the carne asada and it was cooked to perfection. Although it wasn't a traditional carne asada, since it was just a full steak and not a thinly sliced steak, it was still phenomenal. The service was amazing. I never had to ask for anything as the service was always one step ahead. Props to the bathroom attendant for superior service and a great food recommendation.
5	Amazing food and drinks!
4	Ordered the steak picado! Deliciously well cooked steak to perfection! Because I'm Mexican, I'm always looking for a legit Mexican food place. Rice and beans..not so much. Nothing authentic about them. Margaritas eh..not impressed. Would of liked more zest for my buck!! Overall a very fine dining experience. Pricey but it's Vegas what you expect.
3	We came on for an event and they had appetizers out for us. It just wasn't very good as it looked like it would be but that could be because it wasn't the other foods we saw on menu. They something like a nacho chip with chicken and pico on it (weird flavor and texture with those two). They also had like melted cheese and stuff in a tortilla that felt cold and old. I did however really enjoy their salsa. I gooped it out in spoonfuls per chip. I love it when the spice it up to be almost uncomfortable. Service and cocktails was great too.
4	Based on the recommendation of our waiter, I ordered the Margarita de Tamarindo and the Trio enchiladas (crab, lobster, and shrimp). Some oddities: I asked about subbing out my rice and beans and was told no. My wife ordered two a la carte tacos and was told the plate (with beans and rice) was the same amount. The chips and salsa were very good. Service was brisk and attentive. The audio system had a great music mix including Frank Ocean and Digable Planets.
5	I wasn't in the mood for Mexican food before showing up here but my mood quickly changed.  I judge a Mexican restaurant mainly on basic staples: tortilla chips, salsa, guacamole, and quality of the meat.  If these are great, then everything else is good.  Everything was top notch.  The guacamole was fresh and delicious, the standout was the carnitas.  Very tender and flavorful.Don't think about it, just go to Javier's!
5	Made day of reservations when i couldn't get into MESA GRILL and I'm sort of glad I couldn't. I have to admit i had my reservations about coming here at first as i had been burned by other 'Mexican' places out here in vegas. Coming from Los Angeles, i guess I'm a bit of a snob about my Mexican food. But this place did not disappoint, in fact, i was impressed.First off, hostess and waitress were super friendly, decor is not typical, its very modern. Salsa that comes with the complimentary chips is homemade and a hair spicy, just the way i like it. Menu extensive, which i give bonus points for over MESA GRILL, which has a very limited menu.I ordered one of the combination plates that comes with an enchilada (chorizo), crispy taco (beef) and chile relleno. I usually hate chile rellenos but have been converted due to Javiers. One thing I've never seen or had is that serve refried white beans. WOW! They're much smoother in taste and texture than pinto or black beans. Super good.I also ordered a tamarindo (tamarind) margarita. Im a light drinker so if i taste ANY alcohol in my drink, i hate it. This is the smoothest hard drink I've ever had. I can go on and on about this place. I want to go try their  seafood now. Hope you guys go try this place out and have as great an experience as i did. More places in Vegas should be as authentic in taste as this place.
4	My review will only be based on the bar with drinks and apps. Unfortunately, I didn't have enough days or stomachs to fit a dinner in at this place. I wish I had...the service and the drinks and apps I had in the bar were top notch. I perused the menu and decided that it was definitely worth a trip back to sample all the goods. The margaritas are excellent. I had the regular one - always good, and I had a jalapeno one, also super tasty. Don't hesitate - go!
5	This would be a quintessential Vegas and Orange County casual chic dining experience. Hence, those are the only two locations Javier's is located in. Located at the Aria Hotel in Vegas, it's the perfect place to enjoy a meal and sip on delicious margaritas with an intimate feel. In addition to experiencing the ambience, the food here is exceptionally tasteful.  No complaints here. Although eating high priced Mexican food can be questionable in terms of how creative can you get with rice and beans ? Well Javier's demonstrates that.I dinned here simply because it is Kobe Bryant's favorite restaurant. I was impressed with the ominous decor. The leather menu, leather tables, 3D like paintings, and all black everything made this place appealing.The menu can be overwhelming since there too many items to mention but there is a large Sea Food portion on the menu. I ordered the Lobster Enchiladas and yes it was brilliant. Everything about the taste of the food was fresh and I assume it took time to make. The presentation of the food was ok, nothing to brag about. The portion was perfect and not to skimpy like most bougie restaurants. Javier's is also famous for their Guacamole and I can't agree more since I liked it alot ! You get what you pay for and the service was excellent !Please plan and reserve accordingly since this place does get overly booked. I will definitely be returning soon :)
2	Well what can I say other than I paid $22 for the smallest split breast chicken I have ever seen. Not impressed thought Javier's would translate in Vegas from Oc but epic fail. We sat in the bar area and our server was out performed buy the bus boy. Sad to say because we love Javier's in Newport and irvine.
3	Never order steak here! It was tough and not good quality for its price.  Steak was also bland and it was almost well done :(
5	We stayed at the Aria, and after reading the reviews, decided to go there for the boyfriends bday. Made reservations - was seated right on time- and let me tell you- it was DELICIOUS!!!! I had skirt steak tacos which were the ultimate. Steak was seasoned to perfection. Boyfriend had spinach enchiladas and couldn't stop talking about it. The guacamole is literally the best I have ever had. Nice, intimate, low lights, perfect ambiance for date night. Service was right on spot. Don't hesitate to go! Thanks Javier's!!
4	Very dark restaurant... the one in Newport Coast is much more greener and feels like you are venturing into a tropical environment. We came on a Thursday for lunch at 1pm while we were staying at the nearby Vdara Hotel & Spa. We were craving Mexican and I have always adored the Javier's in Newport Coast so I figured we would try this place too.Beautiful bathroom, definitely use it. Lovely  carved wooden mirror with tall mirrored stalls. Excellent service. Spacious and comfortable booths... Authentic music playing to get you in a romantic Mood. I have had better Mexican food at other restaurants but you come here for the ambience not only the food and we would definitely come here again.
5	Best Mexican restaurant I've ever been to. The food is amazing. The enchiladas were everything.. Definitely need to check this place out.
4	We needed to grab a quick dinner and didn't have reservations anywhere. They had plenty of seating at 7:30. We had the flautas, chicken fajitas and steak quesadilla. Even with these basic Mexican dishes, they added their own twist to make them special. Very good food.
5	My favorite find in Vegas this trip. We wandered in looking for some appetizers and drinks and sat in the bar. We got the queso fundido and margaritas (tamarind and Javier's). I would skip the queso next time - it was bland - but the chips/salsa and margaritas are worth the visit. Chips were thin, crispy and fresh and the salsa was absolutely delicious. The margaritas were the best we've ever had. Don't pay $8 for a sugary mess out at the casino bar - come here and spend the extra $ - you won't regret it. The atmosphere here is so cool. They have the world's largest wood sculpture on the back wall and it was carved by a chainsaw artist from Oregon. I could stare at it for hours - it was amazing. The servers were also really knowledgable (how we learned about the art) and had a vast knowledge of their tequilas. When we were heading out the waitress asked if we wanted "roadies". Best suggestion ever. Would totally just come here to get a drink to walk with - they're that good. We came here twice in one day.
4	Having come from Phoenix and eaten plenty of Tex/Mex it is always nice to have a more Mexican sit down style dinner. I had the Chicken Mole at the recommendation of our server and it was the best I've ever eaten. Really recommend this place if you are on this side of the strip. There is another Mexico City style restaurant in the Shops at the Venetian that I like as much and the ambiance is great as it is next to the canal but this place is more romantic and a better dinner atmosphere. Margaritas were exceptional as well. Only comment is it was expensive, as are most things in Las Vegas but the quality and flavor were excellent.
3	The place had a great vibe good service and music. I didn't feel like i was in a restaurant on the casino floor even though we were. I have had a lot of great Mexican food in my life so 4 stars didn't seem fair. Food was good but not great.I would recommend if your in the immediate area but not worth the money if you have to make a trip.We had the taco dinner a few margaritas and the fried ice cream portions were good and so was the food not bad.The atmosphere trumped the cuisine
4	Excellent food, best chips and salsa I have ever had.  Wonderful atmosphere.  Services was fast.  The help was extremely friendly and my water glass was never empty.  I ordered the two crispy tacos with rice and beans.  $18 is not a bad price.  The 4 instead of 5 stars was because the margarita I ordered seemed a little light on the alcohol.  Getting ready to watch Zakara.  I love this trip to Las Vegas!
5	This place is awesome!  Best upscale Mexican food I've ever had...I'm a local and I yearn for authentic taste of Mexican food from my spots in the Bay Area, with this place I can maintain until I get back to visit home.  My husband and I have been 3 times and between the two of us have had a variety of meals.  It is pricy for Mexican food...but worth every dollar.
4	Every time we are in Vegas for a trade show, we have to stop at this fabulous place. The staff is super friendly and very observant. I am not Mexican at all but my co-worker is. She is saying that this is the most authentic Mexican food outside Mexico. I enjoy the food very much. Always fresh and super tasty. Combined with yummy margaritas and a fantastic interior it makes a perfect place for a great dinner. Highly recommended.
4	I will echo what many of the other reviewers have said- Javier's is a very solid dining experience. The dark, sultry decor is very inviting and makes a striking initial impression. Seating is a little tighter than I'd prefer, but it was not a major issue (except when the couple next to us overheard some of our conversation and were a bit appalled!)  They've got an interesting mix of music playing (lots of hip hop) At first, I couldn't tell if it was from the casino, but I am pretty sure it was actually from the restaurant. I didn't mind at all, but it was a bit unexpected in a Mexican restaurant. The service was fantastic. Our waiter was quite knowledgable about almost everything on the menu, and able to give complete recommendations. He really gushed over how good everything was- and was quite believable! Our water and drinks were replenished frequently, the table side pour of my friend's beer was done with a flourish, and we were checked on periodically without feeling stifled or rushed.The food was also quite good. I didn't consider the prices exceedingly high, especially for a relatively upscale restaurant on the Strip. Most entrees appeared to range from between $20-$45, although there were some more expensive items as well. The chips and salsa were fresh and delicious, as was the guacamole. My strawberry margarita was  also very tasty. It wasn't overly sweet or syrupy, but yet remained flavorful and easy to drink.  I ordered the quesadilla marisco ($28), and my dining companion ordered the Cabo Azul ($30). They both were great meals, with generous portions. The quesadilla was everything it should be- cheesy and full of seafood. It was served with sour cream and guacamole on the side. The Cabo Azul was indeed a big meal, and well worth the price. It included a shrimp taco, lobster enchilada, beans and rice, and stuffed peppers. I was able to sample the shrimp taco and the enchilada, and thought they were both delicious. I'd definitely consider Javier's again for upscale Mexican in a sexy atmosphere. Muy bien!
5	I like to consider myself a Mexican food connoisseur, and Javier's ranks at the top of my list. Being born and raised in Las Vegas, I have checked out nearly every Mexican spot in town. The chips and salsa here are second to none. I have yet to try the guacamole, but based on the little side that comes with the dishes it is incredible. The carnitas are the best I've had. Ever. Anywhere. It is a must try. The Enchiladas poblanas are incredible. I am not generally a big fan of mole sauce, but this one hits the spot. The chicken fajitas are amazing too. I've had a number of other dishes as well (seafood enchiladas, chile verde..) all of which are well above average, but those 3 dishes are my favorite. I'm yet to try dessert because there's never any room left by the end of my meal, but I'm sure those are amazing too.You're going to pay more than the average Mexican joint, with most entrees being around $25, but you get what you pay for. One last thing, the atmosphere here is great. Decor is unique, the booths are large and comfortable.
4	My husband and I ate here on a Thursday evening and were impressed with the food, the service, and the ambiance.  We were seated in a large booth that was located near the coolest wood-carved wall that looked like it was a "Day of the Dead" theme.  It was fantastic!Our waiter was attentive, but not overly attentive, and allowed for us to look over the menu and make our decisions without rushing our meal.  He recommended excellent margaritas for both me and my husband, and was cheerful and polite every time he visited the table.My husband had the Taco Dinner and said that the tacos and accompanients were all delicious.  The meat was not too greasy that the shell softened, and the rice and beans were expertly seasoned.  I had the whitefish ceviche as a meal, and it was amazing.  The portion was large enough that it was filling on its own, accompanied by a few chips and a dash of salsa to give it a little extra kick.My husband enjoyed his specialty margarita that was made with a splash of pineapple juice, and I was pleased with my margarita choice that was recommended by the waiter that was made with specialty tequila, lime juice, and agave nectar.Overall this was a wonderful dining experience, and we will certainly be back!  Cheers!
4	Fantastic food.  Great cocktail service on point.  Servers engaging.  Flavorful food. Great Restaurant vibe beautiful wood work.
4	Very good mexican food served in a modern and upscale environment.Service is great, food is amazing and you have a big variety to choose from, this is not your average mexican restaurant, dishes are served in a modern style, a bit on the expensive side but totally worth it.The crab quesadilla is a must try and the scallops are out of this world, but whatever your taste you'll find something to appeal your taste buds.I prefer their location in Orange county, overlooking the ocean, the atmosphere in Vegas is not the most charming however if you go in a large group you're bound to have a lot of fun and enjoy a great dinning experience.Before I forget , the complimentary chips and salsa are just fantastic, make sure you don't fill up on that before the food comes :)
3	I understand this is Vegas, but damn this food was pricey.  The menu is enormous and overwhelming.  I got the carnitas quesadilla and it was fine but not worth $35 or however much it was.  The atmosphere is cool except that the smoke from the casino floor is constantly blowing in your face.  Drinks were great and food was fine but probably won't be on the top of my list next time I come.
4	My mom was celebrating a milestone birthday. I suggested this restaurant because she likes Mexican food and I wanted to take her somewhere sort of high-end. I'd made reservations the night before, and we ended up being a few minutes late for the reservation. They were still able to accommodate us with the booth that we requested even though they were a little busy. This restaurant is right on the casino floor so if you are sensitive to smoke then you may want to request to be seated away from the casino if you make a reservation. Special requests are based on availability. This is a beautiful restaurant. I love the ambiance here, it's really intimate and classy. High-end but it's not uptight, which set the perfect tone. The music selection was perfect. There was a mix of easy listening, acoustic, and R&B/Soul type music. I was pleasantly surprised to hear the voices of Musiq Soulchild, and LL Cool J featuring Boys II Men. There was a little something for everyone and I absolutely loved that.Now for the food. The chips were the best chips I've ever had at a Mexican restaurant. They were light and crispy, fried just right and lightly oiled. I'd only wished there was a variation of salsas to choose from instead of only one. To drink I had a strawberry margarita. I wasn't blown away by it. There was no salt around the rim and no lime (I guess you'd have to request it). For some reason, I tasted the tequila but I wasn't getting buzzed the least bit. I felt nothing lol.I ordered the enchilada and taco combination with rice and beans. The portions were perfect. I was worried that it wouldn't be enough food just looking at some of the pictures on Yelp but it was actually more than enough for me, and I finished my plate! I loved the presentation of the food and the quality of the food was great, but it did lack some flavor... the enchilada in particular. The sauce didn't have any sort of spice or kick. I am west coast born and raised so I know Mexican cuisine and authenticity was lacking there, but I still enjoyed it. My dad was unhappy with his meal. He ordered the soft taco combination and he said that all that his tacos consisted of was the shell and the meat, with some sort of lettuce on the side and a side of pinto beans. He also complained about flavor. My dad is the family chef so he's picky about his food. For my mom's birthday, they brought her flan with a lit candle in the middle. The flan was light and fluffy, great consistency. It was good. The service was average, not phenomenal. Although the food could've been better, everything else about the experience made going to Javier's worthwhile. Javier's wins for presentation. Food-wise I know there are better high-end Mexican restaurants than this one. If I could, I would give 3.5 stars but since I can't I'll be positive and round up :)
4	Amazing ambience. Incredible meals. Worth-it margaritas. Really really loud though. And too dark.
4	My first time there. I went with some friends for a birthday party. Nice place and good food.  Friendly staff, even the attendant in the restrooms! Club status...Lol..
5	First of all the wait is long, EVEN if you make reservations. However, I'd advice you to make reservations. My friends and I waited for our food very patiently, but once we laid our hands on their carbs asada and enchilada plates the wait was definitely worth it. I had the seafood enchilada and it was superb. My friend gave me a piece of the carne asada plate and it was to die for. If you've never been to Javier's you should definitely check it out. All the hype is true =] hands down amazing food.
3	Had the carnitas.  Great dish in concept, different than described in the menu.  It is actually German-style pork shank, rather than Mexican Carnitas.  Again, fine, but different than billed.  It was also overcooked and dry.  Menu is lengthy.  Too lengthy.  Bartender was terrible.  Lacked knowledge of the menu, and was too busy for her capabilities, even though the bar area was less than 50% capacity.  Leaves a lot to be desired compared to the Laguna and Crystal Cove CA., locations.  With so many choices in Vegas, I would not go out of my way to eat here.  I would never travel from another hotel or a residence in LV to eat here.
4	Awesone upscale Mexican.  Try the seafood enchiladas!  Reservations are recommended.  Great drinks too!
3	the drinks were awesome. I got a blended strawberry/ mango margarita and the organico margarita. the bartenders are very accommodating and friendly. I had a 9:30 reservation but i just decided to eat at the bar around 7:30. i ordered the cabo azul, it was pretty good portions but  I couldn't finish it. it was quite salty. I feel like for $30 i wish the meal showcased the seafood more. all of the seafood was hidden behind either a poblano chile, or tortillas. the best was probably the free chips and salsa. the salsa is awesome and im a salsa fiend.
3	Stopped by to have a drink and some snacks with my husband such a beautiful place we love the music and the atmosphere waitress very nice we tried the quesadillas which we really enjoyed the chips were good too then it came down to the drinks I tried the long island iced tea hmm no bueno tasted like cheap liquor then I went for an apple martini omg no Bueno it felt like I was drinking syrup so I returned both drinks the part that I like the most is that the manager came to see if there was anything that he could do and that is a plus in my book overall we will definitely come back .
5	Aside from the normal hike from the parking lot to the restaurant this is a GREAT Mexican restaurant ~   Located deep inside the Aria~ well worth the walk. This location is as good as the Newport location without the ocean view    Drinks are pricy starting @ $16, that's normal for the Strip, they are not light pours either~ great interiors and lighting in main restaurant and the bar area has a very cool lounge area too!
4	Really nice ambiance! Went here for margaritas at the bar and got a complimentary chips and salsa... score!
5	Il make this review short and sweet..awesome food.. been here few times and every time we have received top notch service. But the winner here is the food. From the simple taquitos to the chile colorado..perfectly seasoned, well cooked, and decent size portions for the price..i enjoyed it very much and i will definitely be back..its a must try if you are in mood for some mex food in vegas!!
4	Good food but my food came out only room temperature, as it did for a couple of my dining partners.   They remedied it right away. Service was good and attentive. I would return and give them another chance.Overall, I recommend them.
3	I would actually give this place 3.5 stars. The guacamole was mediocre and shrimp /squid ceviche was way too sour, I wouldn't order that again. I had the cabo azul, which came with chile relleno, enchilada, and side of taco. The dish itself was good, but nothing wowed that I would pay $25 again. You can find something similar at the food truck or a regular mexican restaurant. I mean, the restaurant was beautiful and great services.
4	I had a solid margarita, chips, and guacamole from Javier's the last time I stayed at the Aria.  Everything was delicious and the service was very good.  The only downside is the very expensive prices.  It's a delicious place to eat, but you may be able to do better for less down the road.
5	Great Mexican food!! Very  Good chips and the flavors are great! The atmosphere is very nice. Drinks pricey ... But that's everywhere on the strip. I like the black beans they use . It's also little more healthy than traditional  Mexican food.
5	The filet mignon was amazing and banana nut martini hit the spot..the service is good..they know what's up
2	located in aria.. very underwhelming experience.. $12 margarita quite acceptable.. $30 chile verde way too lacking in tenderness.. brother in laws steak picado way too chewy..  my knife and fork kept slipping off my square shaped plate... very frustrating.. wifes carnitas were just about acceptable but very dry off the bone... sorry javier... need to work on your waitressing and seating staff also..
5	The menu is amazing, the food is beyond my expectations, the bartending staff is over the top..! Went up and above making sure we were happy with our Margarita's.  The waitress was really sweet and attentive. We ate at the bar twice during our stay at ARIA because we loved the appetizer (ceviche, salsa & chips) We ate a couple of seafood options and my mind was blown, the food was exceptionally good!. We will be going back the next time we visit. This has made our top 5 for sure!
4	Our food was excellent.  My boyfriend had a pork dish and I had a combination plate.  The fried ice cream dessert was so delicious.The service was not the best, but manager Julie made up for it.  We were seated at a table and asked to move about 10-15 minutes later because a large party was coming in.  After other frustrations with our hotel, this was an annoyance for us.  At our new table the staff forgot to bring me water and then later on in the meal someone took the salsa away as I had just grabbed several chips to dip in to it.  Julie did get us a round of drinks and dessert.  What I appreciate even more is that she listened to our frustrations and made us feel valued.  I will definitely come back again.
1	The food came cold, then came dry. After talking to supervisor, he didn't really care.
5	Gotta try the tamarind Margarita. Hands down one of the tastiest drinks I've had. Went with the ceviche to start off and it was a small portion and doesn't look like 20 dollars worth. But it's pretty good. I wouldn't buy it again.We ordered the tablita with steak and chicken. With corn tortillas. The guy said it was a plate for 2. I would say more for 3. I was stuffed. Steak was really juicy and tender.Server was cool and on point. You won't be disappointed to eat here.
5	A local told me about this place and...it really is amazing . My only negative  comment is that it has ruined all other Mexican restaurants. I sincerely hope everyone has the same experience I did. I had the carnitas and just...unreal.
4	Javier's was absolutely delightful! We rolled into Vegas last night without making any prior reservations, but our party of 4 was seated promptly even though it was Christmas night. The decorations were very dark featuring chainsaw wooden art in the seating area. Our waiter was very knowledgable and told us about the art's representation of life through the passage of time. Speaking of our waiter, he was very attentive and extremely helpful as their menu selection is great. Yes, they're guacamole was awesome but pretty much everything on their menu is just as awesome. I got the chance to try their carnitas - it was slightly crispy on the outside and it was cooked so tenderly. The sauce it was served with was cilantro and limey and on point. Yum!I ordered the cabo azul which features the star seafood entrees which include the lobster enchilada, crab and shrimp chile relleno, and the shrimp taco. Our waiter advised me to eat the shrimp taco first because of the coleslaw, and I was glad he told me so. It was refreshing and the fried shrimps were succulent and yummy. Lobster enchiladas were covered with this spicy green salsa that paired so nicely with the cool sour cream. The chile relleno was just okay, but I think it's just because chile relleno is generally not my most favorite Mexican option. Yes, this place is priced well above traditional Mexican options, but it's Vegas, the food is quality, the service is great, and it's a place worth visiting before your fantastic night out.
3	We were looking for a place that would be open late around Aria, and this was perfect because it closes at midnight. We literally walked to the hostess at 11:45 p.m. and she was able to seat us. The next night though, we walked by and the restaurant was packed, so it might be wise to make a reservation. The chips and salsa, along with the margarita, were delicious. The food here was good, but could have been better if some had not been overcooked. I had two tacos: one shrimp and one carne asada. The shrimp taco was perfectly cooked and really delicious. The carne asada was a pass: the meat was good but it was literally meat, avocado, and a little bit of onion, which made the taco too dry. I did like the sides of rice and beans though. The BF had the lobster enchilada. The lobster was a little dry and overcooked, and it was hard to taste the lobster with everything else going on in the dish. We wouldn't order this again.Overall, it was a good experience, but too pricey in our opinion. I don't think most people will spend $$$ for tacos and enchiladas. I would only stop by again for drinks and some chips and salsa.
2	Barely average Mexican food at astronomical prices. Had the chicken enchilada with mole sauce. Fair but not exceptional.
5	HIGHLY recommend this place! Every timeI come to Vegas I always make sure to come here at least once! Great service and amazing food!!!
4	Stayed at Aria and decided to get dinner here since I've it before in CA and enjoyed it. The atmosphere is dark and romantic and it's really nicely decorated. The jalapeno and strawberry margaritas were really good, and the jalapeno one was something different and interesting to try.   Got the tuna ceviche to start with and it was very very good. Try it with the chips that they give you as they go well together.  We ordered the tablita with steak, chicken and cartinas and really enjoyed it. This is a huge dish to share between 2 people....the beef was by far the best, it was cooked perfectly and was really tender.Pricey but definitely worth it.
1	One star is too much for this restaurant. If I could give negative stars I would. Friends & I were looking forward to dinner here Javier's only to be very disappointed. To start the guacamole was bland. Then our meals took 30 minutes to get while we sat and watched table after table get their food. We didn't get our food all at once either. Three meals came out first, 5 minutes later, and finally 10 minutes after the first meals were served, the final dinner entree arrived. All plates were extremely hot because they were sitting under the heat lamps too long but the food was temped at best.  Not to mention the food wasn't that good either. Recommendation .... Skip this experience. Taco Bell is better than this!
1	Soooo disappointed!!!!! After years of patronizing Dos Caminos at the Palazzo, I was excited to finally have (and try) a new "high end" (HA!!) Mexican restaurant. As you can see, it's pretty rare that I post, but please be forewarned this establishment is NOT worth the price for the food quality, nor the service. The guacamole was bland, and not made table side a la Dos Caminos, or Rosa Mexicano. $12??? I don't think so.  We waited almost 45 mins for our food, only to have 3 of the 5 meals served. 5 mins later, mine arrived. After mentioning my concerns to two managers (in suits), the 5th and final meal arrived--lukewarm. Sadly we barely received an apology...other than "the kitchen was behind". For $30+ entrees, I don't believe anyone would accept this type of service. What made it worse was management didn't offer any type of goodwill gesture despite our gently provided comments. As someone who has worked in customer service/hospitality for over two decades, I can truly say I was extremely shocked.  Please do not frequent this sad excuse for a "nice" restaurant.  Was really hoping for an amazing experience. :(
4	Javier's is a great restaurant in the Aria and, while it is a bit upscale, it is very authentic Mexican, in terms of the cuisine, but also in terms of the environment (bartenders / waiting staff, music, drink selection, etc.).It is definitely pricier than it should be, and that's the only thing keeping it from five stars in my book.
4	Soooooo good!! Their guacamole was delicious! I also tried the tamarindo margarita and it was so smooth and tasty. Loved my sea food enchiladas the best!!! Definitely coming back :)
1	I can't even explain in full detail how horrible of a restaurant this is. I've dined at the Javier's in Newport numerous times and always had such a good experience so thought the one in Vegas would be just as nice. The service at Javier's in Las Vegas is the worst I've seen in any restaurant. Not only did the manager Omar try to yell and waive his fingers in my face he was yelling at me telling me the cold shrimp with no seasoning or toppings was what I ordered and forced me to pay he was the rudest person I've ever met. Not only is the manager and staff very rude it took us over an hour to get our check and had to repeatedly get up to ask for it. Apparently at Javier's Las Vegas the customer is not always right. I'm filing a complaint in the am and am going to try to get in touch with the owner. I would never dine at Javier's Las Vegas again and if this isn't dealt with then I will never dine in the Newport location as well. All my friends will be told about this and Javier's Las Vegas will definitely be losing more than a few customers
5	Wow!!! This place knocks the socks off ANY other Mexican restaurant I've ever been to! It's located inside the Aria Casino, and its grand entrance with large ropes hanging over the open bar lure you inside. It's simply stunning! I never thought I would use the word "pretty" to describe the interior of a Mexican restaurant since so many are kitschy, but pretty it is.My husband and I were seated in the bar area for lunch. We had a large rounded booth all to ourselves... in case we wanted to take a siesta after our meal, I suppose. The fresh chips and salsa are so addictive. We went through a basket and a half before our entrees arrived. What can I say? I'm a small girl with a large appetite. I ordered three separate items... chile relleno, cheese enchilada, and chicken soft taco. The chile relleno was awesome! It had a crispy coating and a thick cheesy center. It was my favorite of the three, though all were extremely good. My husband ordered chicken mole, which came with flour tortillas and all the fixings. The chicken was still on the bone, but was so moist it just pulled right off. Both meals were served with rice and beans. I normally don't eat the rice and my husband usually doesn't eat the beans. On this occasion, we both cleared our plates. All ingredients were so fresh and the flavors just jumped out at you.I would come here again in a heartbeat the next time I'm in Vegas. I need more Javier's in my life... Bring a location to St. Louis!
5	The food was superb.  The service was top notch. I highly recommend Javiers! I ordered the Cabo Azul, a delicious seafood dish served with a lobster taco and crab enchilada!  Make a reservation because the wait is very long if you don't!
4	Great food and decor but pricey Mexican food.I have been here several times and the service has always been good even when we had a larger party.  The food is tasty but over priced in my opinion. The ceviche is $18 and the guacamole is $10.  At that price point the portions were entirely too small especially to share.  We had to order several of each. I ordered the carne y camerones which was $60. Very tasty but expensive!  If you are looking for casual Mexican this is not the place.  If you are looking for tasty expensive Mexican food and you want to impress your date then this is your spot.  The ambiance is great as it is open to the casino so you can easily people watch. If you have s large group and its the weekend I would suggest making a reservation.  You can also order food at the bar or the lounge area.
