3	My first time to get my hair cut and I am pleased on how it turned out to be.  Kevin was my hairstylist and he showed me a picture of famous layers and he recommended for some layered side-swooping bangs, at first I was skeptical since I haven't had bangs for a year.  However after the cut was done I decided to get my bangs.  Kevin was very nice about it and did a pretty good job.
4	I've been coming to these fine establishment since 2002 and have never being disappointed I've always had great results and I've even brought many of my family members. The Stylist are friendly and always professional. The fluctuation of people and traffic make the place lively and full of good energy.  The prices for what they deliver is great and they are priced modestly, it has never being overpriced as most stylist places in town seem to be. Give them a try and you should come away very pleased as I've been over these many years.Enjoy
5	It was my first time there. I liked the hair style she did. It was good.
4	I used to come here when I was younger as a regular but stopped because they increased the price. After having some horrible experiences at other local hair salons, I finally decided to give this place a second chance. I thought this place required appointments but I walked in & there was a group of employees and customers chatting. At first, I thought about leaving but one of the guys that seemed to be the manager greeted me right away and asked what I wanted while analyzing my hair. He simply asked if I wanted a layered haircut & referred me to Yvonne. I went with it, asked Yvonne for a layered haircut & blowdry. She knew exactly what I wanted for my haircut and said she would "texture" my layers. I didn't know what she meant by that but when she was finally done cutting & blowdrying my hair, I had the biggest smile on my face because I loved the way my hair looked! I have so much more volume in my hair compared to my past haircuts & it's low maintenance for me. I just booked another appointment with Yvonne so that she could fix my mother's haircut, which she regretted going to a Fantastic Sams salon for. I finally found my hair stylist!
5	I love SOPHIA! I've been going to her for the past 6 years. I've tried a few other stylists, but she knows my hair. My brothers, mom, bf all come here too. She's always in with the new style and she remembers how your hair was the last time you were there.One thing I love about Sophia is that she's not trying to mess with your hair. I want her to dye it and she refuses. She always tells me to go somewhere else, lol. She doesn't wanna ruin my hair. Awesome lady! Idk where else a stylist would tell you not to do something even if that means her making money.
5	Funny, fun salon, located in the main China Town center, a few doors down from Sam Woo and the Ranch 99 grocery market.  Good location, reasonable prices.  After checking out the Vdara spa and them not having an appt available until late in the night, I decided to turn to Yelp for a place to go to get our locks tended.  I found Beaut Point and we decided to give them a try.  The staff here are always joking around and having a good time.  They also had the TV tuned into a dvd of a live Stone Temple Pilots concert while I was there, which was good listening music.  My lady, Sophia, did a simple style for my hair and my friend got a haircut.  We both liked the outcome.  We looked beautiful for the Cirque show we went to!Simple style: $45Men Haircut: $15  (much better than the $90 Vdara would have charged)We'll continue to go back for all of our Vegas hair needs!See you there!
5	I've never had an issue here... But maybe it's cuz my stylist is Yvonne.  My haircuts and colors always comes out the way I want it. It really helps to bring a picture of what you want and every time Yvonne matches it.  She gives realistic advice if I'm trying to go from dark to blonde hair.  If your favorite part of a haircut is the shampooing part, like me,  OHHHHH she is amazing!  I fall alseep every time. Lol.
5	I've been going to this salon for over 5 years now :3I can't have my hair cut by anyone else but Kevin~! He is amazing!
5	Kevin is awesome...he pays such attention to detail! He gives me movie star hair. Love this place!! Go here!!
1	This was my first time cutting my hair in years and I decided to come here for a trim, the hair stylist was a guy and I didn't get his name. Anyways, the entire time he used a razor to cut my hair, he never used a scissor. couple days after my haircut, I noticed dramatic split ends on my hair. I'm a person who NEVER use heat products, not even a blow dryer and I take care of my hair so much but for some reason after my trim at this salon, my hair just kept getting worse and worse. For the first time, my hair was actually worse AFTER I got a haircut. I am never coming back here ever again and because of this place, I am scared to get a hair cut.
5	Ask for Kevin! He is the best, however he's always booked so make sure you call in advance if you don't want to wait.
