1	Worst customer service I have ever experienced in a UPS store. I stood for a couple minutes while the employee was doing something behind the counter, I know she knew I was there an she didn't even say anything like " I'll be right with you". When she finally came over, I told her I needed to purchase a box & tape and I would pack it myself instead of paying $20 extra for her to pack it, so I packed up the box and she immediately says to me "um I can't send it like this, you purchased too big of a box" and starts tearing the tape off.  Uh ok!? Sorry! I'm not a ups employee, so I don't know ups laws. In the meantime, she is having an argument with her daughter in front of me which was very awkward and unprofessional. Way too many ups stores around to give this location my business. If the store owner reads this, you should really step up the level of courtesy and professionalism of your employees. You lost a customer.
2	All I needed to do was drop off a box to be shipped back to a business. The weather outside was beautiful and my mood was pleasant. Passing through the doors of this establishment quickly changed the atmosphere and I was quick to want to get out. I was greeted in a prompt manner, but it was more of a "what can I do for you?" mentality. At this point I was happy to just put it in their care and walk out. The associate who helped me was in the middle of assisting a couple so her attention was not geared towards any one person. I would have gladly waited and taken my turn, but this style of "in and out" service is disparaging.
1	Having visited several other UPS stores in vegas I have never been to one like this.First and foremost I needed to ship a package, I went in and looked around for the tape to tape up my box. The girl behind the counter gave me a real mean dirty look. She said to me what are you doing? I said looking for tape she is like oh well hand your package here I'll tape it for you. I said oh great thank you then she rudely said well that will be 2.00 for me to tape it for you. I said really? I thought maybe she was joking with me but no. She said that her manager forces her to charge people as it costs them money to tape up a package. I said oh it's ok I can tape it myself she said well then you better buy some. I was like really? She is like yep. So I ended up buying some tape then while I was having her ring me up she told me to hold on while she answered the phone and she was talking to a friend or something they were telling her their symptoms and she says oh sounds like allergies. She did all this in front of me and continued on chatting with her friend while I was waiting for her to ring me up. This is just terrible customer service very rude attitude. Finally I did finish the transaction and taped up my package and as i did so I was having some problems and she just stared at me with this dirty look. I gave her the package and was almost thinking about walking back in there to take it back and take it somewhere else as this just left me with such a uncomforting feeling.Anyways because of this I will never be back and I would rather drive farther to a different UPS store of I will just use fedex in all the years of shipping packages I have  never been treated so rudly theyh have def loss my business.So if you don't want your day ruined then please stay away from this specific ups store, or better yet go to the other side of the parking lot to fedex where they will treat you much better and more professionally. This store needs better management and some new employees
1	Went to send out a package and had to deal with a very rude employee. She didn't even want to be there.  Don't waste your time just go next door to FedEx.
1	Horrible service. Manager lady lacked intelligence and customer service skills were awful.  Decided to not ship after completing transaction and she claimed there's a $5 refund fee although there were no signs stating of such policy.  DO NOT USE THIS STORE!
1	Never again! I was returning packages with prepaid UPS shipping labels. The labels didn't come out on 2 of the packages so I requested she use my hard drive to print 2 new labels. She informed me it would be $5.00 first to use the computer, then pay for the printing, then pay for the handling as the labels were already paid for. Now understand I did expect to pay something, just not all this! FYI, the lady was not very friendly at all!!!Went right down the street on Windmill's UPS store next to Vons and wow! WHAT A DIFFERENCE!! The employee took my hard drive and printed the labels and gladly took care of everything and at no charge. I have just found a new UPS store to use!
