5	Awesome service & food and drinks!!!
4	Just re-opened as Charcoal Room. Great decor and very good wait staff. Steak was tender, salads very fresh, and the seafood was excellent. The only downside is the menu. They do not have items other Charcoal Rooms have. Would like to see beet salad, veal chops, halibut,  and more desserts like lemon cake, donuts.
4	Good stuff; I wouldn't expect a good steakhouse inside Palace Station, but we heard about this place and it was good! We had a 6pm reservation and got there early. The place was surprisingly empty (maybe 10 people in a place that could hold 50 easily), so we were seated where we wanted as soon as we arrived.Our waiter Billy was good (wine knowledge was a little shaky, but...), and his "assistant," Harrison was on it. I was glad I had some knowledge of wine and picked a great one for a reasonable price. Our water was always filled, our appetizer and entrees came out on schedule, and everyone was friendly. My g/f got scallops ($19 for 6 big ones!!), and I had a killer porterhouse. The lobster tail was expensive but tasty...just not $30 extra worth of tasty. We got good sides for decent prices - sweet potato, baked potato, sauteed mushrooms - all $6 ea.We were too full for dessert but it was a good meal. With tip though... $220 for two.
4	3.5 Stars. Came here by chance. Mission was for The Oyster Bar but the wait was so long and I had several beastie drunk friends getting the munchies so we just went next door to The Charcoal Room. Staff was great. Friendly and helpful. Some dishes were better than the next but all were not too shabby. Started with Crab Stuffed Clams and Oyster Rockefeller. Clams were really rich. Too rich I had to eat it with the complimentary bread. Much more enjoyable with the bread. Oysters were alright... Not much into cooked oysters. The King Cut Prime Rib and Creamed Corn was delicious! Tender indeed! Those 2 items were my favorite. Filet Mignon, Roasted Chicken and Lobster Tail were all a tad bit dry.Final thought...Overall a good dining experience. Good service, good food, decent prices. Would definitely come back for the Prime Rib and Creamed Corn.
4	We decided to try the charcoal room we really enjoyed the service. The manager and CHEF even came and personally greeted our table. The busser kept our drinks full throughout the entire meal. I would compare the service to that of the steakhouse at Four Seasons accept you don't have to wear a suit jacket. The server was impeccable ask for Tony when you go. The only reason we're not giving 5 stars is the size of the cocktails. The margaritas were delicious but VERY small, and not even in margarita glasses.  We would definitely go back!
5	We came in and took a seat at the bar,the bartender vanya was nice,speedy with the drinks! We then sat in brians section,he suggested the scallops,very succulent!my girlfriend had a petite filet,cooked to perfection,i love this place!we will be back!
5	Great food and great service... will definitely go back again and will recommend all my friends and family to this place  thank you ray for a great evening  everything was so delicious
5	The new Charcoal Room should be considered a hidden gem in Las Vegas. The restaurant is a good size but not overly large.  The staff was very attentive throughout dinner and our server Billy was exceptional. The steaks were done exactly as requested and the Alaskan King Crab legs were some of the best I've had. There was no forced rush through of the dinner that you can expect at other steakhouses, instead the pace was relaxed so we could enjoy the food and coffee afterwards. We will definitely be making more trips back to the Charcoal Room. All things together: the food, the environment and the staff all should be applauded for a well deserved evening out.
5	4 of us Were  seated promptly. The waiter, Joe, was right there.  Water and bread (excellent) arrived quickly.  Atmosphere was vrey good. Ordering: Caesars salad was just fine.  My friends Fr. Onion Soup was terrific. The large Rib Steak was cooked to perfection, and was just so yummy. The aparagus, and Yams , outstanding.  The Lamb chops, as my friend, were to die for., as her husbands NY steak. cooked perfectly.  His baked potato, was so huge. and good.. Service was 100% all the time.The mgr came by, and that was very nice.  Water glasses  refilled all the time. A fine restaurant at a very  reasonable price considering how good it was.
5	My girls and I came here for a GNO after a friend recommended the place. I'm so glad we took her advice because this is going to be a regular spot for us. Our waiter Brian came shortly to our table and greeted us with his adorable smile. He was so sweet and patient with us. He suggested a bottle of Chardonnay to start our night and we were all for it. Drinks came quick and we were ready to order. We ordered the seared tuna, crab dip, and oysters as appetizers. Tuna was fresh, crab dip had chunks of crab in it, and oysters were great with the different sauces. For dinner we had the sea bass pan seared, lamb chops, lobster tail and salmon seared. I was stuffed but kept eating because I wanted to try all the dishes. Everything was delicious and service was amazing. Throughout our meal, Brian was very attentive and made sure we enjoyed our meal. I would highly recommend this place for their food and service.
5	Beautiful food, excellent value, and the staff is friendly and inviting. Thank you, Laura!
5	I overheard some people talking about the steak house at palace station,I remember thinking palace station? My husband and I decided to go anyways. After pulling into the parking lot and seeing the surroundings we started to have second thoughts.  We decided to go in, the casino was smoky and is in need of a up-dew. After arriving we saw the beautiful wine room,and thought the windows surrounding the restaurant was a nice touch. Greeted with a smile.  Our server was enthusiastic about the crab cakes and spinach salad, we got both. For dinner we ordered the prime NY, I must say this was my first prime steak and boy,am I spoiled. The flavor and texture was amazing. Also ordered the salmon with cream corn. My husband and I were so glad to not have turned that car around. No room for desert but ordered a hot tea, and when I thought I couldn't get more impressed, the presentation of the tea. All I can say is palace station, clean it up, add a movie theater and watch this place turn into a destination for many.
5	In town on business and heard good things about this place.  Decided to stop in and "feel it out" by sitting at the bar.  Grabbed a martini that was deliciously made.  Decided to stay for another.  The bartender Carrie was sweet as pie, offered great service and conversation!  From there, I had some business acquaintances join me; we got seated at a table and Laura served us. We got the Special which she recommended; it fed 2.  It was absolutely delicious and well priced for the amount of food we got for 2!  She was very much on top of things and a great server to say the least!  I can't wait to come back to this place!  Can't say enough good things!
5	Had a late dinner Saturday with my boyfriend.  As the restaurant was closing we saw a band setting up.  Ask our server about what was going on.  He explained Late Night.  Must admit I was interested.  Noticed how the dining room cleared out. And as we sat there for another hour or so and ordered a glass of wine, we talked about how the place was empty.  Sitting there my boyfriend and I agreed that dinner was great, the band was good. But to make a special trip in for music at a steak house, is not something either of us would do. Felt odd sitting in a dining room listing to a band. Final thought, dinner and price was well worth the evening.  Will be back. Entertainment Late Night at a steak house not for me.
5	This was the third time dining at The Charcoal Room and the food and service continue to surpass expectations.  Tonight's dinner was in company with friends who had not been to The Charcoal Room before.  Our server Laura, was an excellent hostess and walked everyone through the specials and house favorites.  The meal was well paced and someone was always near by to check that drinks were full.  I tried the French Onion Soup tonight as a starter course and was pleasantly delighted with the richness of flavors and the portion size.  Dinner was a Petite Filet which was cooked exactly as ordered and several sides which the table shared.  Try the Tater Tots, they aren't just for kids as we found out they are freshly made and delicious.
4	Located in the Palace Station Hotel, this place is a gem and it used to be the Seafood Broiler but they have completed revamped the restaurant and there are dimly lit seating in red oversized booths and tables which gives it a cozy ambience.  The service is prompt and the food is superb.  We were looking for seafood and had the broiled sea bass, grilled scallops and split a kale and sweet potato salad along with a side order of French green beans almondine!
5	5 star steaks at close to half the price!!!That pretty much sums up my review for the Charcoal Room.  Don't let the fact that both Charcoal Rooms in Las Vegas is located inside a Station Casino.  This Charcoal Room and the one located inside the Sante Fe Station doesn't seem to get a lot of Yelp attention and I have no idea why.  For me, it's all about service, value, and taste. The Charcoal room delivers on all three.  First of all, service is "as good as it gets". You rarely have to wait, your orders are taken quick, food doesn't take forever, and your drinks are kept full.  And don't be surprised if almost every employee stops what they're doing to greet you.  Now that's what I call service.  The steaks at the Charcoal Room rival some of the high end establishments around town.  I swear, the Charcoal Room should have a blind taste test with the other steak joints out here.  I bet they come out on top or at least close. Their steaks are pretty damn good and literally melt in your mouth.  I have also tried their lobster, king crab legs, every side, most of their desserts, and some of their salads.  Besides their dry carrot cake, everything that I sampled didn't disappoint.  Trust me with this mini, non-informative review.  You can't go wrong with the Charcoal Room.
5	The best steaks, prime rib, scallops and sea bass.  This place was worth the money and wasn't terribly expensive.  I'd be back again, for sure.  The best meal in vegas I've ever had, seriously, get here!
5	This is the diamond in the rough. Off the strip yet some of the best steak I've ever had. Service was fantastic. Food was superb. Wine was a little pricy as was the food but I'm sure way cheaper than the strip. If your looking for a nice higher end steak place with great service and I suppose reasonable Vegas prices stop here.
5	My bf took me here for my birthday. He had the porterhouse and I had the bone in ribeye. Make sure you get the garlic cilantro sauce. It is not to be believed. Amazing. The scallops, mashed potatoes and asparagus were done to perfection. The service was great. They brought out a giant piece of carrot cake when they found out was my birthday. It's was so great. They really made my whole evening perfect.
