5	We have been quite impressed with Dr. Berger ever since our son was born and a family friend recommended him.  He gives very sensible advice and typically offers his perspective in a flexible tone, expressing a specific range of views whenever we face an ambiguous problem.  This is relieving to me, especially in an era that we can google all our medical issues and all but self-diagnose (rightly or wrongly).  Dr. Berger is always very patient, even for the conversations that begin with, "I looked this up online and...."  I'd definitely recommend this practice to a friend.
5	I've taken my daughter to Dr. Shannon Forshey at Phoenix Pediatrics for quite a while now.  I  am very happy with the level of professionalism and her great personality!  They are good about getting you in quickly and we never wait long in the waiting room.  Even if Dr. Forshey is unavailable, the other providers we've seen, have all been terrific!  The other thing that is amazing is how nice every person you encounter is.  It's amazing that all the auxiliary people are cool too.  Receptionists, Med techs, PA's.  Awesome!  If you have a kid or are going to have one.....this is a great place to trust with your greatest treasure!
2	Love, love, love the doctors at this practice. I went to this practice until I was 18 and now that I've had kids I have brought them here as well. The office is nowhere near our house but it was a place I'd be willing to drive to because the doctors are so awesome. I'm not sure what has happened but the office staff has become exceptionally rude. I recently had a baby and was told to call back once I've added him to my insurance and then I was hung up on. Umm ok, he was added to my insurance. Then I called to make an appointment for a sick visit and when I requested to see a doctor and not a NP I was told to be there at a specific time but there would be a wait and I'd have to just wait it out. Then I got the snottiest goodbye I've ever heard in my life and the call disconnected. All loyalty to this practice is lost and I will not be referring any of my friends to this practice. In fact, I will be needing recommendations for a pediatrician in the NW valley...
