3	Salsa! Baby! I love the salsa at Baja Fresh. They are always...I guess...fresh. It is your typical Mexican restaurant like a Taco Bell but way better. The restaurant is nice and clean. They have outdoor seating that you can enjoy if the weather is nice. The selections are decent and you can count on quality food.
4	We had this location cator one of our events. We ordered two platters and it fed 10-12 people with no problem. The food was wonderful and the service was spot on... We had to customize one of the orders and they had no problem with that. We will be return customers!!!
5	Yummy, and good service
5	BEST FOOD EVER..simply put.. if you like tasty food.. eat hereload up on the salsa molcajete and smokey queso fundido now.. thank me later
4	Not very good parking. Restaurant wasnt very clean. Staff was very friendly, fajitas were good and prices reasonable. Will repeat.
4	This was my lunch today...The primary issue that will kill this place's business is there is NO FREAKING PARKING!  Show up with a handicap placard and you are front row, but the rest of us... 1/2 mile during the lunch hour!Baja Fresh is the exception to my rule: Don't eat anywhere that has a drive thru!  The establishment is very clean with attentive and friendly staff.  The service is actually quite impressive for a "semi-fast food" joint, because they actually have an Expeditor that does his job!  I really enjoyed watching 'the machine' pump out lunches at break-neck speed.  On to the food...I ordered the Smokey Queso Fundido (appetizer) and Steak Tacos.  The Smokey Queso Fundido is basically tortilla chips and a saucer of a cheesy dip.  It was quite flavorful and rather economical.  While not listed on the menu, if you ask for Pronto Nacho's they will provide you with a 3 oz. version for $1.49 (vs. the $3.49 menu size).The steak tacos... ehh.  True to their name, all of the ingredients are fresh and flavorful.  The steak, however, was a touch on the dry side.  I found myself putting salsa, which was stellar in its own right, on the tacos just to "juice them up" a bit.  I did expect a little more moisture... and seasoning for that matter as it seemed kinda bland as well.All in all, I would absolutely return.  If for no other reason than because their receipts have $2 off the next $8 order or $5 off the next $15 order if you take their survey.  I have no problem reviewing food  :-)
4	The food's fresh, the service is good and we eat here fairly frequently. We like the baja burrito with fried fish :)
4	Great food for a fast food joint.DO not go late at night because they close down their salsa bar early.
5	My coworkers and I go to Baja Fresh regularly. They have a clean establishment, good service, great food... and their menu is very friendly for people with allergies!
5	I practically go here every single day for the Chipotle Shrimp bowl.Best Pico de Gallo I've ever had, and the guacamole is DELICIOUS!It's right down the street from my work, so like I said, I'm there almost daily for lunch.The manager that works the lunch shift is super nice and attentive, and everyone's working hard and they seem to care about what they do and enjoy it. Great customer service.  Really nice staff.Love this place.
1	I've been hearing a lot about this place lately and finally tried it tonight. Lets just say my stomach hasn't felt right since. I got the chipotle shrimp bowl and my boyfriend got a shrimp quesadilla. Both looked very unappetizing once delivered to our table. After a couple bites of my bowl, the cilantro was so overpowering that It was hard to finish it. Don't get me wrong, I love cilantro, this was just toooo much.Another thing I found pretty gross were the bathrooms. Maybe its just me but I tend to judge the cleanliness of restaurants based on the restrooms. This one was smelly and in need of some scrubbin'.
4	I am not a fan of fast food however my co-workers and I eat at this location ALL THE TIME! The service is great and we're warmly welcomed every time we come in (like 4x/week). I usually order the chipotle bowl with chicken or the skinny bowl with chicken. Both are fantastic. I love the pronto guacamole and it's a pretty affordable addition to my lunch order. The food is fresh, staff is great and the prices are low which is why I don't mind eating there on a regular basis.The bathrooms could be cleaner (lost a star) and the parking is pretty awful. That said, I can get over a terrible parking lot for the service and quality of fast food.
4	Spent almost 2 weeks in Vegas and ate there at least 4 times.  The burritos are exceptionally large and the shrimp tacos and quesadillas were very good.  A little high priced for fast food but worth the price.
5	Still love this place!Jorge, the manager, is so nice.  I come here so much, he knows me as soon as I walk in and can even take a guess as to what I'll order (I'm predictable).  Amazing manager, and super friendly staff.  I love the food here.  I never feel sick after I eat here, just full, satisfied, and nourished....and I'm the duchess, with so many check-ins, no one has a chance of dethroning me.  lol
2	I've been to Baja Fresh only a handful of times over the past few years mostly because I have never been really impressed with it. My last visit there was on par with the rest.Upon entering and getting in line, I experienced about a 15 minute wait before I got to the cashier. It appeared as though there were four people working and one of them appeared to be in training. Once my order was in, a nacho burrito with steak and a drink for $10, my number was called just as I was topping off my Coke Zero(which is a huge plus in my book that they offered it!).The burrito itself was okay. The ingredients appeared fresh enough, however the composition of the burrito itself was just off. One half of the burrito appeared to be just beans, rice and salsa, whereas the other half of the burrito had a few strands of beef, the nachos and cheese. I know the cooks were in the thick of it during the lunch rush and all, but it's nice to have all of the ingredients available at once for your tasting pleasure in each and every bite.After the manager came by to check on us and clear our trays, I had asked him if any of his employees called out sick. He informed me that two had, one of which had the flu, and he was not going to allow him to come to work (phew!). I applauded his honesty and felt for the guy knowing he was doing the best he could with the staff he had on hand. The initial wait in line was completely justified, however the food itself just did not do it for me. For a $10 lunch burrito, your money is better off being spent at Chipotle, and I think your stomach, wallet, and palate will thank you for it.
1	When reviewing a Baja or other franchise, typically the review is how it goes for that specific location.  This location of Baja Fresh is awful, whereas most other locations I have been to have been outstanding.The wait times are absurd, the staff are rude, the place is dirty, and portion size compared to other Bajas is BS.  Yes, I am nitpicking on this (isn't that what Yelp is for?) but the amount of chips they give you while you wait here is terrible in comparison to other locations - and I came here 3 times to give it the benefit of the doubt over the past 6 months or so.  If management here could get it together, I'd become a regular as I am in the area frequently.  Until that happens, paz!
1	Go somewhere else! Trying to get dinner on a Sunday night sign says they close at 9, at 8:24 doors locked !! Tried to get someone's attention to ask what was going on and employee just looked and me and look away... Horrible customer service! Spend your money elsewhere!
5	I love Mexican.. Burritos in general. Chips and salsa. Soooo good. I only go here once in a while since there are only a couple in town. I like to get the Carne asada burrito and put their medium salsa in it. Sometimes the kids meal is perfect if you need something small. A couple tacos can do the trick too. When I came in I saw they were short handed and told here to take her time. She took my order and then in threw a couple bucks in the tip jar cause I know how hectic it can get. She seemed really surprised and then smiled and gave me some extra chips. They pushed out the orders they had and then seemed caught up. Made my day with the chips.
4	I haven't eaten at a baja fresh for about seven years. After hooping, I decided to stop by with a couple friends just because of a random good memory I had with the place.  Upon walking in I noticed the entire restaurant being pretty dirty. Tables, drink station, and salsa bar were a mess. I went there around 2, so maybe the mess is due to the lunch crowd before I arrived. The service was very pleasant and we received a lot of friendly smiles. One of the girls even took our plates for us.   My friend and I ordered the same thing, a chicken bowl with added steak and a drink. The price was roughly $35. I really enjoyed their salsa bar. Though I enjoyed all of the sauces, the Pico was my favorite.  The rice we got in our bowl was soggy and not very appetizing, the beans were okay, the steak tasted like boiled beef stew, and the chicken was amazing! That chicken, I will definitely order that again!   I will be coming back because of the friendly people, the delicious chicken, and the generous salsa bar. Hopefully the rice will be better next time.
