4	Sandbar is like a slightly more affordable, less dressed-up Devil's North. They literally have sand on the outside patio, so in the warm months you can rock sandals and feel the [artificial] sand between your toes as you sip your beer. Not too shabby.In general, I have been pretty happy with the crowds at this location, as well. The less dressed up vibe blurs the lines of who has how much money and even the music is more accessible. Of the North Scottsdale scene, Sandbar is my standout favorite . . . if I have a ride. I have found myself on more than a couple of occassions stranded at three in the morning in search of a taxi cab on Scottsdale road.
5	20 TVs and a full on guacamole spread.If you're here for spring training and need a break from socializing at the mall (I kid you not, they party at Fashion Square Mall here), come to a place where you can dip your toes in groddy kiddie pool water.If you're lucky you'll get the waitress with Asian guy fetish so its well worth the $180 that United charges you
4	Sand in a bar in the AZ? While I thought this was too good to be true when the north Scottsdale bar first opened a few years back, I soon found out it wasn't and Sandbar has become one of my favorite Scottsdale bars. The beach bar features a sand-covered patio, private patio cabanas, an ample margarita menu, delicious Mexican eats and a small pool. The restaurant and bar is decorated with bright decor and the dance floor is a hot spot on the weekends.Now if only they would add an ocean!
4	In the scheme of things, Sandbar is a great alternative to the Scottsdale scene.  It is a little less dressy and a little more casual.  The food is good for what is worth -- Mexican bar food.  But, I love going there because the crowd is a bit more chill and its a little more relaxing than the other places in the area.  There are a lot of TV's, which is nice to catch a sports game.  There are private patio cabanas, but I have never used them.  This is a great place to hang outside in the sandy patio for happy hour or to get your groove on the dance floor during the weekend nights.
1	One star because this place, during summer and during happy hour, could be tolerable for a very short time, other than that ----- Run Away!!!The have the worst music mix on a Friday night.  It's ghetto-fabulous rap and crappy Bon Jovi (the entire place raised their fists and mouthed the lyrics to Living on a Prayer I swear).  $9 mixed drinks taste sooooooo much better, I feel like such a winner paying 3 x regular price of a regular drink.  $ 4 Coronas.I saw a drunk chick fall into the little pool thingy, nice. One out of two had fake breasts.   Seriously, I counted.I entertained myself by watching the ladies in 3-4" heels sink into the sand, and their dates never never offered an arm to steady themselves they just watched them sink. Classy.What Scottsdale stereotype's? ----------Yeah right.
1	I cannot fathom why somebody +21 would go here other than the cruel initiation of a Community College Rugby hazing or you are someone who thinks some chick from Mountain View will check out your onions if you buy her a couple of screwdrivers.
1	All I'm gonna say is that I HATE THE SANDBAR.  I really do, probably  for personal reasons:  I am always dragged there by the dumbest, most immature people I know and sand sucks unless you are actually at the beach.  If you must go, fine, but just don't ask me to go with you. I'm glad I got that off my chest.  In their defense, I have never had their food.  So, that could be great and I could be missing out... but, I doubt it.
2	Ugh I can't stand this place. The only reason it gets two stars is because I can walk there and it's an okay place to day drink and eat some chips and salsa.  On Cinco de Mayo, they block of the parking lot and fill it with sand and then you have to wait 30 minutes to get in.  And then pay.  Friday and Saturday nights are lame-o.  Guys have to pay $5.00.  If you're in heels, forget walking in the sand.  The dance floor fills with a bunch of drunks around midnight.  The crowd is definitely not "Scottsdale", but it's something.....more like skater boy meets Affliction meets arm band tattoos.  And that's just the guys.  I've just spend a few too many nights here either with friends that actually like it or as a last resort so we can stumble home....and haven't had a good time, EVER.
2	Ladies and Drag Queens beware, the "sandbar" actually has sand outside. Not very friendly to those trying to impress in heels. I work very close to the Sandbar on friday nights after work alot (10-15) of people from my work go there. I have been there quite a few times but not somewhere I would encourage someone to go. I have had some of the food, minichimis are ok, tasty when you are drunk but it's no substitute for Jack in The Box tacos at 2 in the morning. There are a lot of great options for happy hour this just ins't one of them.
5	My favorite place in the valley!  Mostly because it is next door to where I live but have ALWAYS had a good time here.  Some people in the Scottsdale/Chandler area do not like it because it is not exactly the "Scottsdale" crowd, much more laid back. You don't have to dress up in heels to go either, flip flops are fine on Friday and Saturday nights.  But if you are in heels, beware of actual sand outside. Bartenders are always friendly, just a good place to chill with friends.  Also, the Baja fish tacos are awesome here!  The nachos are ok too.  They also show UFC fights each month and a fun place to watch football on the weekends.
5	Great place to watch an Iowa game if you are in the Phoenix area and the atmosphere is a huge reason.  The uber hot waitstaff is another.  U of Iowa fans get drunk and rowdy.  Since game times are at 9, people arrive early and get breakfast.  Lots of HDTVs, all tuned to the Iowa game.  There is a huge and loyal Iowa following in the Scottsdale area, so seats fill up quick.  Drinks are pricy, but the hotness of the waitresses tend to distract from the bill.  It is HIGHLY recommended to attend the Iowa vs Iowa State football games at the Sandbar.  It is INSANITY. Looking for more Iowa Natives to review this bar, though.
5	Only eaten here once or twice and it was so-so.I really come here for the dancing and drinking!  I've never had a bad time here.  There's definitely something for everyone here.  You can sit in a booth or at the bar inside OR you can go outside.  They have it like a beachy bar.  There's a bar, cabanas and tables/chairs in the sand!  They also have a little water pool area thing that you can walk in and get your feet wet.  There are always interesting and fun people here and it's a great place to meet someone new.  I like to take my out of town friends here.  It's so different!
4	This place is very fun, I only been here a few times, but already love it!
2	If you visit the Sandbar and you are not a Scottsdale local you will be convinced that breast implants are a requirement for working there. Every bartender/waitress seemed to have implants. To add to that, across me ther was a young girl having the following conversation with some cougar: Young Girl: Yeah, my doctor was awesome.Cougar: Oh yeah?Young girl: yeah, he made them completely naturalCougar: oh.....Young Girl: You should totally get some...Cougar: yeah, I've thought about...Young Girl: here, let me give you his cardSo in other words... if you like breast implants visit the Sandbar. As far as the food...who knows, who cares?
3	Other than the sand angle, definitely just an average bar.  The drinks are okay, the service was average.  Definitely caters to a younger crowd, although the crowd was mixed the last 2 times we were there.  Have never eaten there.  The music is definitely geared to 20 sometimes, although not as bad as the techno pseudo music played at some other clubs.  Will definitely go back, not because of the club, but because of the location.
1	like the "bro" scene? you'll love it here. i was hoping for more than the typical scottsdale meat market, but was sorely disappointed. drink service was slow, bartender poured weak cocktails, and the whole experience was below average. to top it off, it seemed as though every man in the place considered a woman's presence there a free pass to to touch her back, hip or butt as they walked past. if i don't know you, please don't touch me. the bathroom was ridiculously small and dirty. overall the sandbar was disgusting, overrated and so far, the worst meat market of them all.
4	Great place to watch an Iowa Hawkeye game!  There is a HUGE Iowa following in the Phoenix area that meetup regularly at the Sandbar on Saturdays during football time.  And it gets crazy!  They turn all of the TVs to the Iowa game.  Everyone is drunk by lunch because the games start at 9.  Drinks are pricy, and there is a high DB count in this place, but the scenery is nice.  Be careful about parking, though.
4	sandbar is an attractive place. i went there with a couple buddies to check out the happy hour. ive been here a couple times before but usually on a weekend and wasted and its pretty cool then.we sat at the outside bar where the sand is. if i thought about it i wouldve brought sandals. im joking.happy hour is good. 1/2 off apps and drinks, so roughly $2 domestic pints. we mostly enjoyed the food we had. i got the carne asade fajitas. good stuff. cool bartender and plenty of girls to round out the atmosphere. surprisingly i didnt get wings this time, but ill be back, and will update this review.
1	So this is gonna be one of 'those' reviews. Yes, Iam a hater. Granted, The Sandbar isn't a true Scottsdale club, at least to me, but what would I know, I likes the dive bars. So, here's the story. I have a habit of becoming good friends with people who like these places. How this happens, I don't know. I guess Iam just that awesome. Been dragged here twice, Iam not gonna count the 3rd time because that was more of a 'walked in thru the kitchens back door to get to the restrooms' type of visit. The other 2 times I went there were not planned, but same basic experience each time. The sandy beach out front is a hassle and I got tired of hearing those girls complaining about how difficult it is to walk thru, duh, its freakin' sand! It took a while for the bartender to make the drinks, since she was the only one in the outside area. As for inside, lots of MMA inspired shirts and camisoles with no bras, AKA super classy! I suppose I chose a bad night, since whenever a UFC fight is on, its super packed with big strong guys watching big strong guys fight on TV, so my fault there. In the end, I was bored out of my mind, but highly entertained with the group who was doing the "Lean Like A Cholo" dance while sitting in a booth. So, 1 star, and that's being generous.
3	I know several people personal at the Peoria Sandbar and try to get over there as often as I can, with the Scottsdale location being closer to my house a group of friends and I decided to party at the Scottsdale location for New Year's Eve this year. Overall we had a great time. The theme of the evening was Paparazzi. They had a red carpet outside with a photog, disposable cameras on the table for everyone to document the evening, and crazy drink specials. I choose to partake in the Champagne Bucket special, $20 for 4 mini bottles, which I bough two of. Probably should have rethought that one, as the next day I hurt, but who didn't? Things I didn't like.... the dance floor was crazy packed, the line for the bathroom was out of control (but there isn't really any helping that, don't go pee? lol) and some of the female bartenders had a difficult time serving me, it was as if I was completely invisible to them at times. I finally caught on to this and walked to the other side of the bar and they guys took way better care of me. We had fun, I would recommend partying here. I haven't had the food in a long time so I cannot speak on that aspect at this time.
2	I just want to start this review out by saying if you think wearing heels to the Sandbar is a good idea, you are f'ing retarded.. And yet, I see the same hoes wearing the same hoe-y heels and complaining that they cant walk and that the sand in between their toes is disgusting. God people are irritating. I don't love this place. In fact, I don't even really like this place. I feel like everyone who goes there has a giant stick up their ass, stares at you like you have 10 goddamn heads and the dudes.. don't even get me started on the dudes. Lets just say douche to the bag. But pluralized. 500 times.I once cut my foot open on an enormous shard of glass that was peeking out of the sand because I was dumb enough to think it was a good idea to empty my shoe out and step on the ground. Don't do this. Don't even take your shoe off ever. Also, don't get in that water. I swear a layer of syphilis was floating on the top of it last time I was there. I think a decent rake job on their pseudo beach is a must after every shift.. and perhaps some chlorine, or better yet...  bleach. Seriously, think about it.The one cool thing that ever happened at the Sandbar in the handful of times i've been forced to come here was that a dude bought 100 beers. He bought ONE HUNDRED BEERS and passed them out to whoever was close. I think I walked away with 3, and who the hell doesn't love free beer. Other than that, this place is enormous and confusing and dirty and there are random shards of glass and STD's floating around everywhere. Sorry dudes, im just, not a fan.
4	The sandbar is a pretty nice bar, overall.  It's huge, with great music and good people!  I went here for my birthday and had a blast.  The location is kind of weird; it's in a shopping center.  Being from CA, I'm not used to this!  The ONE thing is, don't rub up against the wall of the dance floor...  it cut my back and I was bleeding for 4 days!  But maybe that was more alcohol induced than anything else.   I agree with  the other reviews: don't wear heels - there is actual sand here people! I would totally recommend this place to anyone looking for some good dancing and atmosphere!
3	Happy hour sausagefest apres 6 pm weekdays. There must have been 30 guys and maybe 5 chicks on two different occasions. Whoa! I like the specials and love the Malibu accessories spread across the walls. Way to get my attention!!
1	I thought this was a decent sports bar, so I met my husband and some friends here for lunch on the Friday of the first round of the NCAA tournament. We were the only table of people inside and there were maybe 10 other people in the entire place. Including an handful of old (50+) men that hugged all of the waitresses WAY too long. They lingered.Anyway, our server was awful. I've been a server at different points in my life, and I have no problem calling out the ones that suck. She was worthless. No one got water more than once and the drinks sat empty for 15-20 minutes at time. The food was pathetic. I'm 6.5 months pregnant and will eat just about anything you put in front of me...but I didn't want to eat any of the tacos I ordered. $12 for three TINY tacos that had zero meat on the inside and what little food there was in them tasted like crud. Also, apparently the dish comes with rice and beans...which come on their own gigantic plate. Since no one ate theirs, because it was so bad, the plates of rice and beans sat there the entire time we were there. Even after our other plates were cleared, the freaking beans and rice would not go away. She just kept leaving them there, apparently in case we got some cravings for black beans with beers, after the beans had been sitting there for half an hour.After waiting for 20 minutes or so just to see our server to get our check, we finally just went to the bar to pay. When our server returned with our cards, she apologized that she wasn't around. She said she'd told her boss that she felt like she was getting sick and thought he was going to take care of the check. Super glad this one was serving us drinks and food all afternoon, especially to a pregnant chick, if she feels like crap.That was the first and last time I'll ever go there. Way too many great places in this area to get great food from servers who aren't going to give you herpes. Which is what I'm 99% sure she was coming down with.
2	This is my primary happy hour spot when I'm hanging out with friends I worked with in Scottsdale. Jasmine is my favorite waitress there. There are times I've had drinks just show up on my bill so be sure to check.
4	Wouldn't disagree with the negative reviews about this place. But bottom line, I always have a good time here. I have not tried their food.
3	$1 Taco Tuesday produced some mighty tasty taco's, but the place was slow and lifeless. I love the concept of the outdoor beach, pool, and surfboard tables - walking around in the sand makes you feel like you're on vacation. The inside is huge, but feels like any other Mexican restaurant with a bar. Bring your friends and try this for happy hour, or late on the weekends - when it turns into more of a club.
4	love this bar!  did you know they were building one up at desert ridge??? just drove by today and saw the sign and a building being worked on...AMAZING so fun and a great spot for it.  :)  Food is fun, service is good...great spot to watch games and they usually have some good drink specials so you're not about to break the bank when going there.
2	What shoes should I wear? Seriously I am going out so I can't wear sneakers or sandals but I don't want sand on my nice shoes. What to do.First off I have never eaten the food here. I usually come to hang out with friends and have drinks.  First who has a outdoor patio in AZ with out mist and big fans?The beers and other drinks are a bit pricey.After 10 there is a cash only cover charge so they can evade paying tax on it.In general nothing great at all.
2	The good news is that they have Negra Modelo at 2 for $2.50 at Happy Hour, which has to be some kind of Scottsdale record.The bad news is that it's a Mexican restaurant that seems to want to be a titty bar when it grows up.   The other reviewers aren't kidding when they say that every girl working here has implants.  Big humongous ones.  Not that there's anything wrong with that but it did confuse me on the concept somewhat. Friendly servers though.The food - at least what I had - was barely edible.  Stick to the $1.25 beers.
1	This place is kind of like a train wreck.  One between a train full of Jersey Shore castoffs and a train full of Paris Hilton wannabes.  Just stay away.
1	They're getting better at separating bills and not having mysterious drinks appear on your own tab.if Jasmine didn't work there, i'd have no reason to go to this location anymore.i was told to stop giving hot chicks piggy back rides. seriously?no redbull? wtf!?!?!
3	I mean no cover and its not bad...however..be aware that there is ACTUAL sand there...i had a little too much to drink and apparently didn't notice..however when I saw my shoes the other day...they looked like somebody blew a huge load of angel dust everywhere
4	I went during the Iowa Football Homecoming game against Penn St. and the place was loaded with Iowa fans, in their hawk gear, into the game, and cheering on the team. I had $2 Bud Light bottles and $5 for a dozen wings and $5 plate of nachos. It's a hip place, spacious, and good atmosphere. I had a fun time for a good price.I probably enjoyed this place a little more than your average guy, since I'm a University of Iowa alum, and this is an official Hawkeye bar.
4	So I was there a few days ago and really liked it. Food was good, the steak nachos were awesome and the burger good. I thought it was very reasonably priced though I was there during Happy hour (3-7?) so a lot was half off. Still 5 dollars a beer is about average in Scottsdale and half off is even better. The service was good and the bartender was funny and prompt with the drinks. I will definitely go back and recommend it to any of you.
1	So disappointing.  Been there at least 10 times before with a good experience, but after tonight....we won't be back.  Ordered a chicken burrito sans onion....full of onion so my onion-allergy husband was unable to eat his entree.  Ordered nachos without sour cream....coated with sour cream beneath the cheese.  Pushed those aside.  Calimari was fine as were the drinks.  Server very pleasant.  When we pointed out the food issues she was great in apologizing, but that was it.  No re-do offered; nothing taken off the bill, lesson learned. Important to add, we were 2 of about  6 customers in the place.  Can't chalk the food up to a busy night. Adios.
4	There is sand at the Sandbar underneath some of the tables.  It gives it a beach type of feel on the outside.  I did feel like coming from the beach because I had a precarious event happen right before.  I was at a pool party, and I was wearing casual clothes because I knew I was going to join a birthday party right after at Sandbar.  I was about to leave, and one of the girls was really drunk and said that I had to be in the pool.  Her and her friend literally double teamed me and started to take off my shoes, socks, and important articles.  I started to get a cramp, so I resisted the fight.  I got thrown in the pool with my clothes on!Luckily, it was an AZ summer night of 100 degrees and I would dry off right away.  When I entered Sandbar, I felt like I was in the right place because of what just happened.  It was a very casual atmosphere, very much many AZ bars.  Near the entrance, they had a cute girl giving out shots and beers.  Once every hour or so, they would announce some drinks specials to order from her.  Drinks in general were about standard prices.  I got some beer, so I can't comment on any mixed drinks.  There was a medium size dance floor on the inside.  I like the fact Sandbar gives a casual beach vibe, but you can still rock it out on the dance floor inside.Overall, it was a fun experience to a crazy night, and I can see myself out here again.  Hopefully this time I am not soaking wet!
3	I tried going here to use my Groupon earlier this week but they were closed for renovation. They're changing their name too. Bummer - I wish they updated their web site that they would be closed.
3	I dont know...if youre just looking for a cheap Mexican inspired meal and a casual patio, its fine. I only give it 3 stars because the warm (thin but not too thin and litely salted) tortilla chips and green & red salsas were EXCELLENT!! Everything else was just ok. The quesadilla was ok, the coconut shrimp were ok, the grilled fish tacos were almost ok, the prickly pear margs were really sweet but ok. The service was ok. An excellent choice for ulyra casual watching sports or after playing sports (some of patio is actually covered in sand) - not great for a business hh with clients in high heels :-/
1	The place is an absolute trainwreck. And here's why: The night started with a 35 minute wait in line, while tight shirted MMA wannabes paid the "VIP" doorman to let them and their 30 closest friends in before us. We were in line so long that people in front of us bailed and it seemed like every person leaving was yelling to those of us in line about how horrid the scene was inside.But we decided to stay because we had always enjoyed the one in north Scottsdale. Bad idea. Once we finally got up to the doorman, he gave us the "whatever" distant stare and held his hand up in a "I'm holding an ID" move. No hello, or welcome to sandbar. Then they charged us $5, which would be fine if the girl collecting the cash wasn't also cold and unattentive. But whatever, we're in let's have some fun! Wrong. The bar was busy but not packed, making us pretty angry that we were in line so long. But still we couldn't get a drink. We flagged down 3 different bartenders (who all had the exact same huge upper bodies, tiny legs and spiky hair) until the ONE person there doing their job approached us. It was a small female bartender who was sweating and sprinting around the bar while her male counterparts sat around discussing the merits of the Jersey Shore and spray on tans. We had a drink and walked around. The ambience is dull and unimpressive, the bouncers were all busy talking to girls, the interior has super low celings and tiny booths, the outside looks like you're at a bar in Rocky Point that was half built but opened anyways. The crowd was pretty awful too. Lots of bumping with no "excuse me", tons of way too drunk people and very, very poor on the guy to girl ratio. After a failed attempt to get another drink, we left the bar, confident that not only will we not return to this poorly designed, awfully mismanaged bar, but we will avoid the other sandbars at all times as well. Sorry to be a downer, I was anticipating a really fun night at a new place, and it ended up just being a complete waste of our time.
