5	This is my new favorite nail salon! Stopped in for a manicure and pedicure and was very pleased with the service. Everything is new and clean and the environment is comfortably decorated. Large selection of nail polishes including OPI. The staff is excellent and very kind. I opted for a gel manicure. They have many colors to choose from and my manicure still looks great a week later. They are offering 40% off any service through the end of December as a grand opening special. You may want to consider scheduling an appointment or going during non-peak hours as the staff size is smaller.
5	loved it! I am very happy with this nail salon. Short wait. Great manicure & pedicure, extremely reasonable prices.
5	So my usual nail technician moved to California!!!  NOOOOOO!!!!  Has my world collapsed?!?!  Fear not, Furama Nails is just down the road and is FANTASTIC!  It's in the same shopping strip as the Safelite call center and has plenty of parking.   I walked in with no appointment on a Monday afternoon and was immediately taken care of (no surprise there).  The interior is beautiful and clean.  I got a basic mani just to test the waters with it being my first new nail place in 5 years.  They were very gentle with my unruly cuticles, no bleeding.  The hand massage was a tad short, but maybe I was just spoiled with my previous tech.  My nails looked fantastic for the week, no chipping, my nails didn't dry out or tear.  I will definitely be back for a pedi and gel mani.  They also have a rewards card for each time you go.  Can't remember the details, but a discount for loyalty is something I will always take advantage of.
4	Really liked this place! Everyone was super nice, the prices are reasonable and the massage was awesome. Will definitely be going back!
5	Excellent pedicure.  Great massage.  Loved it!
5	Excellent service. The staff is very friendly. super clean too! The $35 furama pedicure is worth it. It includes callus removal, sugar scrub and hot stone massage. amazing. The normal pedicure can be $15 (express) or $20 (basic) Big fan of this place.
5	Great technicians! Close to my apartment. It's clean and employees are friendly.
5	Definitely one of the best pedicures I've got in a while! Massage was great and they did a nice job overall, good prices. Very clean and warm place. Next time in in the area ill definitely come back.
4	I really like the pedicure at Furama, and they're the only salon I let put glitter polish on my piggies.Sometimes their state of the art massage chairs alternate between goosing and squeezing my bum.Sometimes, when you order the callous removal, they grate a hole in your foot with that cheese grating tool, and sometimes they don't... but the pedicure is so good you'll be back.Their tagline should be: Furama Nails - So good, you wont care when we cheese-grate a hole into your foot.
5	Clean, well priced and the team of professionals are kind! They remember me each time I come! I strongly recommend this nail salon! I have also had my eye brows waxed and I would recommend that too! They are my favorite!!
5	Nice Salon. Staff is professional and courteous.  Salon is clean with warm decor  Large selection of gel colors. Furama pedicure is the best!!! Opted for shellac mani, glad I did.
5	I found this place on yelp today and thought I'd give it a try. I was just looking to get a nice gel manicure. The staff was very friendly and the salon was very clean. They had a HUGE selection of gel colors to choose from. Also, they open a brand new package of nail utensils for each customer. I will definitely be back! I'm excited to start getting my nails done more often:)(PS-I wrote this review on my husband's acct)
5	Came here on a whim, loved Brett B's review so I decided to try this place out! They did a great job! My nails came out perfect and they have a ton of gel nail colors to chose from! Great prices, wish they were closer! But definitely worth the drive!Also you get a punch card, 10 mani's and you get a free one! Woohoo! Glad I went here, very friendly staff, and I was in and out before I knew it! Will definitely be back! :)
1	My regular shop was booked and I needed to get my nails done that day.Staff at Furama is friendly and shop new and clean.  Unfortunately, they don't know how to apply gel.  Gel manicure starting chipping after 3 days!  Something definitely wrong with their process since my nails last three weeks from. Jeniza nails. Will never go back
1	I am new to town and found this place through yelp. I went right when they opened and proceeded to get a full set with white tips. The man was kind and gentle when removing my old set. He started to put the tips on and it seemed ok at the time. But when I got home I noticed that the tips were not completely adhered to my nail. The gap is enough to catch little things. I have to use a stiff brush to get it out, but some of the nails have a deep gap and I can not get it. I advise against using this salon all together. GrrrrrrSo update ... My nails have all lifted off starting from the back. Not in my entire history of getting my nails done have they lifted like this. Next they just started popping off like the cheap press on nails, but with pain.  My nail bed is so thin I can't get my nails redone until it heals. Some of the nails popped of in bed so it was more like ripped off. I didn't even realize he had filed my nail bed down that far. DON'T GO HERE!!!!!
5	Always love coming here! They do a consistently excellent job! They are friendly and kind! Thank you Furama Nails!!
5	This place rocks so much that I felt compelled to activate my yelp account and write a review! If you're a guy (or gal) and are in need of a nice pedi to remove all the nasty callous this is your place! Extremely friendly people and very affordable!
5	Went there with a family friend. We got mani and pedis. The people were so nice! The quality of work is wonderful. I have been back since. I took my friend Kim while we were on our "lunch". I love this place!! Great people and great work. Prices are not bad either :).
1	I went to Furama for a pedi and decided to have acrylic nails put on.  Pedi was fine but communication is so poor that the staff thought I was sitting ( for 20 minutes) waiting for my toes to dry.  Nails were done so quickly by one of the techs (who was to busy getting her own spa treatments) that she rushed thru mine.  One hand looked completely different from the other.  Terrible work, never going back there.
1	I would really love to give this place a review but unfortunately I was not able to. Most of the time this would be no big deal. However they only had two people getting pedicures and she told me to come back 2.5 hours later to get a service when on the front door it very clearly states that walk-ins are welcome and accepted.
5	Great pedicure! It was the second time I've been in and it will be the only place I go from now on. It's clean. The pedicure was fantastic. It was about 1 hour from start to finish. They really don't rush through it. Totally worth giving them a try!!
5	Lynn is absolutely AWESOME! She listens to your requests and asks how she's doing along the way. Always on time and meticulous about her work. Everyone in the shop is very friendly and one of the girls even speaks Spanish! They take atm/credit but make sure you tip in cash. Lastly and most importantly for me is cleanliness. They are clean and keep their tools separated. Couldn't recommend them more :-D
4	Now that my mom lives in the Valley, she's found her own local nail shop just as we had "our spot" in Indiana. They seem to remember everyone and ask how everything is going - that is definitely customer service! Bottled water and a quick whisk to the comfy spa seats awaits you upon arrival. The gentleman I had for my pedi was a little rough on my legs during the massage. I asked to ease up and he didn't do so too much. Once our nails had been painted, they didn't direct us to the toe dryers like most places have... we just kind of sat there for awhile. Not sure if they have them or not, it was kind of confusing. Everything else was great though!
4	I wanted to get my nails done, saw their sign and decided to try them. Their customer service is impeccable, the prices are good $32 for a mani/pedi. They do not have the drying lights but I didn't mind at all because you get to sit longer in the massage chair. As far as the job itself, it was good. If you are looking for a clean, sanitary, no frills, great customer service and good work, this is the place
