2	This was no one's first choice for eats but we skipped Schwartz's due to the line and even had to bail on Santropol due to a 45+ minute wait.  Did I mention it was bitter cold?  We wandered to Else's figuring, corrrectly that we would find an open table.  The food was meh but it was warm in there.  I think its more of a bar but we just got hot cider and tea with our chili.  75% of our group got chili because the waitress couldn't figure out  how to work the oven for the other food we ordered.  The tofu dip was good.
5	Intimate place with a lot of character. The food is so-so but you don't really go there for a meal--it's a bar. Good beer list and an impressive variety of whiskeys available if that's your thing.
5	This is little local bar with nice music and ambiance.  People are little older than other bars on St. Laurent and it's not touristy  but where local people hang out.  My husband and I, we just came back from this bar after having 4 gin and tonic, Guinness, 2 Porto blanc and little quesadilla.  I was very happy with our bill. 3pm to 8pm, there is Happy Hour - 9$ for 2 drinks - Gin&Tonic, Vodka & Tonic, Rhum&Coke and Porto Blanc- and also pitcher of Sangria for 25$ (for large one).And There are great selections of SingleMalt Scotchs.  Try it!The music is great.  The tables are nice.  We like to play some games while we are drinking and it was perfect place for it. The best thing is that All the drinks are Good price - Ok I am from Menlo Park and I believed that the Bay area has the most expensive booze but When you start to live in Canada, that's different story.   I have nice "real"pint of guiness with $6- after tax.  All the prices are already included Taxs so you don't have to be surprised by unexpected Large bill after several drinks. - 12.5% Tax usually added to your bill :) We played Banana Grams - nice game you should try :P-for 2 hours and drank and talked.  Nice place for Local, or people who are little mature side.
5	I love this place. Very low-key, even during the most touristy parts of the year in Montreal. It's a place where you can go with friends and actually hear each other talk, or go on your own with a book to decompress after a long day. The staff and patrons are the perfect balance - everyone is friendly enough but nobody is overly interested in anyone else. It's worth noting that part of their alcohol license means that you have to have food on the table in order to have drinks, but they have lots of options for small and inexpensive but good snacks. Even though I no longer live in Montreal, I stop by Else's every time I'm back in town!
5	Regardless of whether you're with a friend, your laptop, or a newspaper, Else's is the perfect place to spend endless laid back hours on easy afternoons or evenings to the sounds of jazz and Beck. The unique forest green arched interior gives the sense of being in grandeur while eclectic decor is melanged with exotic cacti and memorabilia from yesteryear such as an over sized poster advertising for a Manet exhibition. One need look no further than your own table top to start though, as each tiny round is decorated with a different print, pattern, or painting. While the menu is predominantly (and impressively) libation-centric, the food options of open-faced sandwiches and and other snacks make perfectly tasty and cheap accompaniments. The Delhi Belly featuring  pakoras, pita wedges, chickpea dip, balsamic dressed greens, and a veggie samosa is hands down my platter of choice.
5	I love this place!My friend lives one block away, and so it ends up being a late night watering hole for us some times. I've only ever been here late at night on the weekends. It's very low key and unpretentious. The type of clientele here is very eclectic and interesting. It's got really low lighting and small tables that sit up to 4 people. There is a little space at the bar (up to about 6-8 people), where the service is friendly and sincere. I can't speak to the food as I haven't eaten here.This place is just my style, laid back, full of interesting people, good drinks... what else do you need?
5	Been here twice and stayed till closing both times. Good beer, great scotch selection, and good bartending. Seems to be a favorite with the locals, and as some previous reviewers mentioned, the atmosphere is what makes it. Just come by and hang out and you'll enjoy yourself. Apparently they don't actually have a liquor license, just a restaurant license, but they seem to get by just fine.
4	On a recent visit to Montreal, Else's provided a welcome respite from the unseasonable cold.  It was recommended by a great friend and former grad school classmate who is now studying at the nearby McGill University.   She lives close by, in a lovely neighborhood near Montreal's pleateau, and this is one of her favorite local haunts.  If I lived here I could see myself returning to this cozy, mellow establishment during the day with my book or laptop to relax with a cup of their excellent cafe au lait, or at night with someone I want to get to know better.  I sipped my coffee during the evening too, but for those interested in something stronger there is a full and interesting cocktail menu (my friend gave her exotic tequila beverage a stamp of approval) along with a selection of hard cider and wine.  Their food menu is filled with tasty looking small bites, such as open faced sandwiches, a platter of Indian treats like fragrant samosas and pakoras, and a variety of pizzas.  Its worth noting that their liquor licensing is limited, and any drinkers need to order food to accompany their libation.   With two dollar cheese bread with salad on the menu, that's not hard to accomplish on a budget.  With its dim lighting, casual eclectic decor and thoughtful music selections (we heard everything from Fleet Foxes to Frank Sinatra), Else's is an ideal neighborhood gathering place.
5	I live in New York now. I am homesick for this bar/ cafe. Maybe it's who I was with the nights I was there or the timat in my life but this is my favorite bar and probably always will be. I used to live on Laval around the corner and would love running over to get a hot calvacidre and split the mandatory small plate of veggie pizza or indian snacks. There's nothing quite like running head down through a snowy Montreal night to turn the corner and get inside Else's door and find the mellow life going on inside. One night, at the table next to me, a man who I am assuming was a magician pulled a bunch of doves out of a box. It somehow seemed normal. Something about the ambiance and the attitude and the drink menu and the story of the founder Else and her vision for her namesake makes this place the best meeting place, the most special first dates venue, and the best escape from the utter chaos that was St Laurent during uni.
5	After four years at McGill, Else's is still in my top 3 for favorite bars. Not only are there multiple strings of Christmas lights (obsessed) but my friends and I sometimes just went there for some of the best nachos I've ever had. Lots of different beer choices (i.e., the Snakebite and Golden Velvet were mixes of beers with Guinness and cream ale.. delicious). The music was always fantastic, and the servers were always polite and crush-worthy. A little off the beaten path, but that only added to its appeal. Lots of different groups of people there, and free wifi during the day!
4	This bar has the best atmosphere. Cute blue outside, dark and intimate inside, with ivy and a collection of audio tapes on the walls. Free wifi for studying during the day, and delicious food and drinks at night. Else's has a homey, neighborhood atmosphere but is also very welcoming. It's a great place for a date or a chill night out with friends, and the excellent music they play is an added bonus. I would give this place 5 stars because it is one of my favorites in the city save one fact: their liquor license requires you to get food if you are getting alcohol as well. While their nachos are the best I've ever had (seriously, I dream about them), it is easy to rack up quite a tab as their pints are slightly more expensive than average. Since sometimes I only want a drink and no food, I've had to forego many trips to this place, and it is something for potential patrons to keep in mind when they visit. Even so, it's a phenomenal and cute bar that is definitely worth a visit...or ten!
5	Else's is always chill and cozy, dark, yummy and badass in a punk mamma full of community love kind of way. It's at its best in the winter right after a big snow. The small corner it sits on is the perfect place to watch the coordinated massive machine ballet of Montreal snow removal. Nice scotch collection and beers on tap, tasty samosas and nachos and other little snacks - you have to order the eats to get the booze so they are not crazy spectacular but they are delicious, unpretentious and cool just like everyone who works and drinks and writes tucked into this friendly local institution.
4	This place is one of the few regrets I have about no longer drinking. A cozy little bar that reminds me of San Francisco...
5	I've been to many bars in my lifetime all over the world and Else's ranks amongst my ultimate top 5.  There are 'fun' bars and there are 'cheap' bars - but for my overall favourites, Else's is part of an elite circle in my rankings.  My criteria:1) Good selection of whisk(e)y and draft beer2) Unpretentious without being collegiate/divey/hipster - I should be equally comfortable going there in shorts and flip-flops or in a suit - it should be cozy and dark with a relaxed vibe.3) Good for all occasions - suitable for any celebration that entails copious consumption of alcohol or drowning your sorrows by the bar by yourself or drinking for a wake3) Friendly, eclectic and interesting regulars and patrons4) Knowledgeable bartender and staff that clearly love their jobs5) No TVs - NONE.  I don't like sports in my bars.  And music should be in the background and never intrude on conversation.6) Classless and appropriate for all (drinking) agesElse's has all this in spades.  And it's definitely a locals bar being off the Ste-Laurent drag and it was one of the few places in Montreal that allowed me to start a tab (seriously Montrealers - paying per round is lame).  Yes, they are officially licensed as a restaurant (check out the history of licensing struggles on the menu) so you may be asked to order some food to drink here.  But there's a $4 vegetarian pizza on the menu... you know what to do.In a word - this place is comfortable.  I walked in timidly at 10PM expecting to grab a quick pint before calling it a night.  I stumbled out at 3AM with an invite to a rock show, hand-rolled cigarettes, toasting to East Vancouver to someone that lived 3 blocks from me and a few solid recommendations on good hip-hop joints in the city and armed with the knowledge of how to fake a (male) orgasm.  This place is that good - slink in for a bit and you'll comfortably lose a few hours here drinking and bullshitting.  It didn't take long to figure out that no patron here works a 9-5 job - "everyone here is either an artist or has a story" as one of the regulars told me.  So yup, I came back for another visit.If I was living in Montreal, you can call me 'Norm' here.  I'm already homesick for this place.
5	A very cool place where you can find all walks of life. I have lived around the corner for the last 10 years and have had met both friends, colleagues (realtors) and clients here. What I like about this place and why I recommend it, lets start with the story, Elses namesake a way cool chick who decided to open up a bar in the Plateau at a time when the plateau was filled with one of two categories, either Portuguese families, or all the bohemians living on the plateau back when it was really cheap, she was part of the founders of the plateau in my mind.  I first moved to the plateau over 20 years ago, when you could find an apartment at the rate of 100$ per room, so if you had a 4,5 it would cost 450$, needless to say that at the price the people living there were able to move from one place to another easily, there were tonnes of these cheap rentals and the vibe was all about moving every year, vs having to paint (not kidding it was too easy).  No one had money but everyone lived for dirt cheap and went out all the time to neghborhood places that sprang up randomely like elses, the vibe was about doing whatever you wanted (which is why she is considered a rebel, see this is restaurant according to the permit, so she must sell food, but let's be real, it's a pub where you buy chilly.  Just so you know this place can drop some serious names, I have seen poiltiicans, high end business execs, and once even someone like Will Ferrel  they are mingling in the casual place with other regulars who simply spend their entire lived there The place it around for reason it just too cool a place to not try sometime. Elses is great anytime of the day, night or and yearound have fun
3	I like this place. Food is nothing special but the drinks are good and the atmosphere is cool. Good people watching.
3	Great bar very cozy and relax. Cheers,Eric Van Nguyen
4	Anyone who's ever had a crush on someone else in Montreal has suggested that they go for drinks at Else's. It's cozy, unpretentious and at the comfortable intersection of St Denis East Plateau franco cool, St Laurent hipsterdom and a quick saunter away from the McGill student ghetto. That means that Else's is pure Montreal where you can switch back and forth between eng and fr. It's kindova jam-packed place with the tables tucked in pretty close so if you're bilingual, you can get in some choice eavesdropping while you're having yourself a nice drink. They've got cider on tap as well as a pretty respectable selection of Quebec microbrews and hard liker.Food-wise, I like: the samosas. They're nice and greasy though the Indian platter feels a bit sparse. The chilli's where the money's at, in my book. You get a nice full bowl of thick red-bean tomato stew with some nice cumin and chili highlights and a plate full of corn chips to go with it. Cheese and no cheese options are available.
3	If  I was a local i would probably love this place. Its Like Cheers everyone knows your name. We had planned an impromptu HH here and arrived before anyone else. The soccer match was on so most of the tables were filled and a nice stranger offered us seats with him until something opened up. HH here seams to be popular with people who live in the neighborhood. We got a grande pitcher of sangria ($25) and an order of nachos.The sangria was just ok and had a little too much ice and fruit. The nachos were strange i was not a fan. The vegetarian "chill" had little flavor and they used mozzarella cheese very weird. The beer list was pretty legit and they offer some specials featuring rum,vodka and Gin. I would put this bar in the dive bar  category and transplant this place to NoLibs where it rightfully belongs.
4	Great bar! A lot more options than most other bars we found in Montreal, especially in the Old District. The beers were great - especially the oatmeal stout (better than Guinness!). I got a scotch off of their extensive list, can't tell you which one I ordered, but I enjoyed it. The service was slightly slow, but it's ok because the ambiance and crowd were good. We got nachos, as there was a 1 food item minimum and enjoyed them thoroughly. Highly recommend this place if you're looking for a bar around this area of Saint Laurent.
5	Else's the place to be. And I don't mean it in a scenester or hipster sort of way. It's just an awesome venue where all of the key elements that makes a good bar great can be found here. That's why Else's THE place! I loved everything about it: great ambiance, unpretentious, relaxed atmosphere, friendly staff and great music. My friend and I arrived when the band finished their set but one of Else's patrons decided to tickle at the piano keys near the back of the bar and played a few tunes. It was impromptu and fun. Else's that kind of place. In terms of libation, they have a great Scotch list but instead, we opted for the cold cider. It was a local brew and unfortunately I can't remember the name of it but it tasted crisp, refreshing, and not too sweet. Their food menu is good and simple: from salads to nachos, and other healthy options. I had their veggie samosas, which were delicious. I would have loved to returned to Else's to spend more time there but it was my last night in the city. Of course, this only means I have to return to Montreal very soon, which is not a bad thing all!
4	Meal: DrinksRationale: Fresh off the airplane, we decided to hit the ground running. Else's was highly rated and reasonably accessible from our hotel.Food: Foremost, we had beer. I don't remember which ones, but they were good. We also had vegetarian chili nachos and, I'm told, hummus. I don't really remember the hummus. It was unremarkable bar food. I'm not dazzled, but we were required to eat something with our drinks, by law.Service/atmosphere: It was a sunny day and the windows were wide open. I don't remember much, other than that it was quiet, relaxing, and (what I assume to be) a good example of the mood of Montreal in general. Conclusion: I'd stop by again. Good, quiet place for a recharge.
4	Good bar...great bartenders.
4	Stopped here for a drink before dinner (at Icehouse) a few weeks back, and it's a great little bar. From what I hear it's a Montreal institution, and it's easy to see why.I had a few of their great selection of scotch (single malts), and the pours were friendly and reasonably priced. My girlfriend had a few of their mixed drinks, and they were all good too.When we were there the place was busy but not packed. The table and chair setup is good, but we sat at the bar. It was comfortable and easy to talk. I can see how in the warmer months, with the big windows open, this would be a great spot for an afternoon drink.I will definitely be back for another round (or two) when I'm in the area.
5	What a find!  We stumbled in (with an assist from Lonely Planet). The place is on a corner in a residential neighborhood - albeit one where one window facing the bar has a female mannequin legs dangling out.  Late PM and the place was busting with Mac's.  Obviously a lot of regulars but our service (we were obviously the only tourists in the place) was excellent.  A very good beer selection. You need to order one food item for the table - we were steered to a $4 quesadilla that proved surprisingly good.A comfortable but vibrant atmosphere - well lit and a good soundtrack that's not too loud for talking or reading. One of the great neighborhood bars.
5	Recently Else's menu has changed for the better. The food is out of this world, and I'm actually craving those spicy shrimps. The price is unbeatable and the drinks are great (great drink specials too).It's the best to be for good food, great conversation and atmosphere.
5	It is an eclectic neighbourhood pub cafe in Montreal.  Has a casual greenhouse cafe charm to it with plants.  Limited menu but food is good.  Vegetarian and meat chilis always hit the spot.  Samosas only have potatoes inside so could be improved.  Beers on tap and selection of scotches.  You must order food if you have alcohol as they only have a resto license.  Very laid back with great natural lighting. A nice chill place as many people soaking up sun with their laptops.  Then when you have had enough you can go next door to the goth art gallery!
3	I feel torn about Else's, I love the atmosphere and the fact that although it seems to be packed, there always seems to magically be place to sit. Its a quite bar, low music, low lighting and a good selection of whiskey. BUT due to permits and licensing you have to order food in order to be served alcohol. They keep this because many of the patrons think its charming. You can order a small treat for about 4 dollars. The first time I went only 1or 2 people in our group got food and it was fine, the last time I visited they made EVERYONE order. If it wasnt for that small rule I would visit more often, especially since my favorite time for a drink is after dinner.
4	I really like the ambiance of this place and the hot apple cider is amazing!  The food is what you'd expect for any bar.  In all it is definitely worth a visit.
4	A classic neighborhood bar.  I stopped in after exploring Montreal and to finally get out of the rain.  It was packed and only got more packed on a Sunday afternoon.  Canadians know how to drink!  I ordered a Caesar, which was awesome.  You do have to order food in this place regardless, but they were kind enough to let me know and told me I didn't have to order right away.  The menu was surprisingly eclectic but I went with the chili.  It was a good size dish and good enough to hold me over for dinner in a few hours.  I would recommend stopping here and thanks to Yelp, I did.
5	Love this place.  Great little neighborhood pub in the truest sense.  Spicy garlic shrimp were delicious.  Shepherds pie was a bargain at $10.  So good.  Service was great too - attentive but not overbearing.  Tip: they don't accept credit only debit or cash.  Not a big deal but good to know in advance.
5	My favorite bar throughout my entire visit to Montreal.  Kind of divey, but clean and unpretentious.  Great food too!  A kind waitstaff, fun location and great music rounds out the whole experience.
4	Cool little local bar.  You have to buy food with your drink order (That's at least what the bartender told me).  Anyhow it was all very good.  Friendly atmosphere.  Going back.
5	One of the better "bars" in Montreal. Very intimate (read: small and dark). Candles on the tables add to the ambiance. Usually good music playing. Tasty food and good drink selection. If you have a big group get there early to secure tables. This is a favorite spot of McGill Geology grad students.Also a good spot for working during the day.
4	Our original plans had to be changed due to the holiday, so we asked at the front desk of our hotel for a relaxing place with affordable drinks and good food.  He mentioned Else's and gave us the history of the place and it sounded up our alley.I noticed someone mentioned "coffee shop" in their review and it almost feels like a coffee shop where people realized the coffee just wasn't doing it for them anymore and they just evolved into drinking alcohol.  Atmosphere is great and has a bit of a pub feel.  Totally non-pretentious.  The servers were delightful and tolerated our massacring of the French language.  Drinking beer in Quebec is a treat.  You don't need to know all of the breweries... just pick a style of beer you like and try it.  I've never been disappointed (and I'm a bit of a beer snob).  We tried the Fried Spinach & Mushroom Pierogis (the server recommended them fried) and they were fabulous!  We were sharing so we did Fish & Chips as well, which was plenty good, but I was craving more Pierogis!All in all, it was a nice evening.  Service was great and the drinks and food were delicious.  The bill wasn't too damaging (this is Montreal, after all) and we left happy.  If we were locals, I could see us frequenting this place quite a bit.
5	I love it here! The atmosphere is chill, the staff is amazing, and the food is to die for! You won't get food this good at such great prices anywhere else. In particular, the shepard's pie is next level! I actually don't even like shepard's pie, but this is like nothing I've ever had. Cheesy, bacon-y, and oh so yummy!My boyfriend and I have literally tried every single thing on the menu with only one thumbs down, the nachos. They were just ok. Everything else about this place is great though! And they have an awesome extended 5-7.
4	Great place! The interior is really causy and nice looking. It's the sort of place where you could spend hours talking and not noticing it. The staff is really nice and you can also go there to eat. You have a good selection of alcohols.
4	I love Else's. My past two experiences there have been a little bizarre though. I love the atmosphere, it has great drinks and the service staff are phenomenal. The confusing part about Else's is it's in a perpetual identity crisis. Is it a bar? No because you have to order food - or at least some people in your party do. But it's not quite a restaurant either.A couple years ago, a group of us would regularly go to Else's, order a couple small dishes for our table to share, drink, and enjoy the place. One day we went, and were told that there was a new policy: everyone must order food (and since we came for happy hour drinks only and not dinner, we left). My most recent night there was for a date, and it was really great! I was looking forward to trying the new menu and was excited to get late dinner and drinks. However, my expectations for the new menu were not totally met. My boyfriend got the pulled pork which was awesome. I was looking for something a bit healthier, and on the recommendation of my server I got scallops. It was more of an appetizer though (an expensive appetizer; I realize scallops are expensive but they were listed with other main dishes so I was expecting maybe more sides or something). They were still delicious, but if you are hungry and want something healthy... do not get the scallops. So the menu seems a bit inconsistent, but the atmosphere is still wonderful. The best advice I can give is ask your server a lot of questions so that you have realistic expectations about the food. Hoping next time I have a hiccup free experience.
5	I've been here twice and it always seems like my friends are more impressed by Else's than I am. This by no means lessens my affection for this place (There is this cured fish and cucumber salad dish that makes me feel like I got punched in the mouth with a pack full of flavour! Though I do wish the portion size was MUCH bigger...), but my friends always seem to pick the dish that's a decent portion and delicious (Fish&Chips, Calamari). This one friend said the calamari at their place was the BEST calamari he's ever tasted. Quite the praise if you ask me. Nonetheless, if you're in Montreal and you want to bring your friends to a chill and cozy place with great ambiance,  I think Else's would be a great choice. They have quite a selection of drinks and great food. I'm the type of person where if I happen to recommend a restaurant that my friends like, I always feel like I take full responsibility of the meal as though I'm the chef. Therefore, Else's would probably be my best bet for a great recommendation.
4	I love that the atmosphere here is low key and there is a great selection of draft beer. Next time I will be trying the food as well!!
5	Nice ambience, I went for the samosas and pork and it was so good. Pretty good service. Definitely a place to eat and chill with friends.
