4	Psst, hey buddy do you need a fix of MCM?  We might have want you need: Eames, Miller, maybe some Noguchi come on in and take a look.If you covet Mid Century Modern Designs and lust over the homes in Dwell, then Who New? is the furniture store for you.  They've got a great mix of furniture, light fixtures, and accessories from the 50's to the 70's to satisfy whatever your furniture fixations might be.
5	This place is the furniture store for anyone that's remotely interested in mid century modern designs.  The chairs they have out front, and what you can see from the windows... is NOTHING compared to what they have inside.   The store itself is full of furniture, light fixtures, shoes, some clothing, ashtrays, jewelry... all kinds of kitschy/vintage finds randing from the 50's to the 70's.  They are a bit pricey, that's for sure.  But it's worth it once you've found that perfect piece of furniture.  You can design your entire apartment around what you've found here
5	This place is amazing. I could have spent hours looking over their vast assortment of awesome vintage finds. I thought their prices were pretty reasonable, but that might be because I live in New York, where kitschy vintage stuff/collectibles in good condition are way overpriced. Roger was super helpful and friendly, and recommended some tourist spots for our drive back home. We were so happy to have stumbled upon this cool shop.
5	Better than a museum. Hundreds of little interesting pieces and smart furniture. I could spend hours in here figuring out how stuff works. Shopping here is way too easy to make your place cool - takes the fun out of the find - but I gotta give them credit, their collection is awesome. I could decorate my entire house from this shop.
5	Groovy little shop. Amazing selection of retro decor. The owners are so friendly. Everything is reasonably priced. I never walk out empty handed!
4	For retro home furnishings, Jeff definitely has the largest selection in Pittsburgh, and he really knows his stuff - you can even see books discussing various topics from housewares to furniture scattered throughout the store... For sale, of course.You can hunt up and down these aisles for hours, and still find something new with each pass. The front is mostly furniture - Tables, buffets, dressers, the back will find a bit more seating(Not to say that the former and latter aren't interspersed). The left hand side is also mostly all wood, including a collection of wooden salt and pepper grinders.In the back right is most of the housewares - glasses, kitchen utensils, various forms of decor, old phones, gadgets, knick-knacks, etc. This is usually where I spend most of my time. Some of my favorite things I've seen are an entirely clear telephone, a (porcelain?) statue of a grouse, and a set of plates and glasses decorated with little things that remind me of  germsJeff keeps his stuff in exceptional condition - I have never seen a piece that wasn't in next-to-new condition. All of the glassware I have bought from him has all of the gold entirely in-tact. Once I found a salt grinder in the front whose wheel didn't turn. He took it and tried to fix it, and when he couldn't he took it off the shelf... Shame, since I liked itThe reason for the star deduction is his prices - they're really outrageous if you ask me. Maybe I'm spoiled by other shops in the area which I think charge reasonable prices, but his are always at least double what I'd be expecting to pay at another place. Maybe he makes them high so he can be bartered down a lot(I haven't bought a big enough piece to care to try too hard), maybe it's just because he knows his stuff better than everyone else... but don't expect to come here and get a dealOther than that, though, this store is a blast to come visit, and who can put a price on the perfect piece of furniture? Come check it out
3	A cool place to check out! They have some crazy old and awesome stuff. It  smelled though. Pretty expensive but worth checking out. Love the addition to Butler.
5	Oh no!  Who knew that Who New would create a monster!  I SO want everything!  I mean, at least everything in the fun mod section!  This is a legit vintage store.  You know those places that claim to be vintage and then only have super ugly lame vintage no one wants?  This place carries loads and loads of really awesome vintage, all in really great condition too!  There's a large amount of kitchen accessories.  I really fell in love with a white and red polka dot 21 piece "chocolate" set.  It's pretty much a tea or coffee set, but the owner explained to me it's from England and they used it for hot chocolate.  All I know is I just wanted it in my kitchen, asap! The price was around $120, which shocked me a bit, but I understand...it's vintage...we're not dealing with modern mod at Target!I also thought their selection of living room was amazing.  There were two really fabulous pieces worth mentioning.  A yellow love seat with white piping in great condition and a wooden den chair with teal cushions that looked very Frank Llyod Wright without the square angles.  I was surprised/happy to see some vintage clothing, purses, shoes and jewelry.  It was a small selection, but good quality, none the less.  There was also the many chotchkies laying around, some cool, like colored vases and others rando's, like weird looking figurines.  The owner was incredibly friendly, and showed me around the different sections of the store and explaining different things to me by decade.  I cannot wait to visit this store when I'm decorating a house, although I know I"ll have to space it out with the prices, it is a MUST on the list for unique vintage items!
5	Who New is like a dream come true for me. Mid century modern is my jam and this place is bursting at the seams with it. We're talking tons of teak, tapered legs, molded plastic, kitschy stuff galore, Pyrex...you name it, they probably got it. They aren't selling stuff at thrift store prices and that's because they know what they have is gold. They are willing to haggle though, so name a price! I fell in love with a wood carved pineapple while I was there. Only $12 and I didn't buy it and now I'm sitting here saying to myself "WHY???" Oh the misery of not snagging something you love as soon as you see it. Learn from me friends. Go to Who New and if you see something you love, don't leave without it!
5	If you are still looking for COOL in Pittsburgh after you visit the Andy Warhol museum and Strip District markets, make your way over to Butler Avenue in trendy Lawrenceville for an excursion into the world of Who New?, the retro mod vintage store! It is a dream for boomers, boomer wannabes and boomer admirers.  One recent visit turned up Russel Wright, Adrian Pearsall, Arthur Armour, George Nelson, Jorge Rasmussen and Jackson Pollock (plus a pair of black poodle salt and pepper shakers)!  This store is a little museum but without the "don't touch" attitude. The store's owners, Jeff and Roger, know their stuff and if they don't have it (I saw items from a Japanese flea market), chances are they know where you can find it.  Those two are walking, talking mid-century modernist encyclopedias.  They couldn't be friendlier and more down-to-earth (Jeff's mom works on Saturdays).  I overheard Jeff negotiating prices with someone on the phone and he bundled some incredible pieces together and came up with an extremely reasonable price.  So, if you are worried that these treasures will cost a fortune, don't be.  This is such a cool place that I know I'll go back there every time I visit Pittsburgh.  Who knew that Who New would be the uncut diamond in the coal mine?
5	A must-stop for anyone looking or nostalgic for quality mid century furniture, housewares, accessories, art, clothing, jewelry,  sold by the nicest and friendliest proprietors you will ever meet! Roger and Jeff willingly share their wealth of knowledge about mid century designers. Take some time to browse through this gem of a store - it is well worth your attention!
