5	as far as onion soup & garlic salad go, it doesn't get betterThe crepes are O.K
3	My family loves this place but I've had a couple of bad experiences. It's either really good or really bad. The garlic salad is amazing and their onion soup is out of this world. Their crepes can go both ways (and I only order nutella/chocolate banana so that says A LOT). Once went in and they were out of bananas, strawberries, and shrimp. So I ordered nutella/chocolate apple instead of my usual which was very disappointing. I opened up my heated apple and chocolate crepe and found a SAUSAGE link inside. Quite disgusting, really.My sister usually orders their shrimp plate, but since they were out - literally went next door for sushi as everything else she wanted was out of stock. Expect the worst or the best, it's really a toss up!
5	We stopped in here after a fall day in the park. Nothing could have hit the spot better.  The yam soup was great + the scallop, fennel, carrot crepe I had was good BUT the real winner was my date's choice: apple, housemade sausage and emmenthal cheese crepes all covered in syrup... I'm salivating even now just writing this.
1	The crepes were very dry (overcooked), the mushrooms tasteless and unsliced.The crepes have no finesse.While the service was good, the food was pathetic.Avoid this place.
5	I have lunch here every time I'm in Montreal.  The onion soup is amazing, and now they even do a mini, which is more than enough for anyone.  I love the side salad, and the dressing--with garlic--that's served along with the crepes at lunch.  Favourite crepes--apples and ice creme, mushrooms and cheese, asparagus. I've always had a great experience (except for the time that I got a ticket on Mentana, that I never should have gotten.  I was totally legal).
3	Had lunch there a few days ago with a family of 4. The kids menu was great. I loved the garlicky salad dressing and the wait staff was friendly. The savory crepes aux sarrasin were ok but not great. We had eggs+cheese, mushrooms and cheese and provencal tomato crepes. I'd definitely eat there again but wouldn't go out of my way too far to do so.
