2	This pawn shop has a security gate and sometimes some seedy looking folks trying to sell something stolen. The products available for purchase are televisions, computers, laptops, dvd players, stereos, game consoles, dvds, blu-ray discs, a few musical instruments, gold, guns, and tools. I suppose I just described just about every pawn shop. The prices here suck. I imagine the buy prices are terrible. The people that run the place I wouldn't trust to park my car - or stand behind me in line at the bank for that matter. Actually it kinda makes me uncomfortable that they are right down the street from me. Did I mention this place has guns? So many guns. If you need to kill something, they have shotguns, knives and handguns and I think I even saw a crossbow. It's actually an interesting visit wandering around the tiny shop. They have a few nice things... the prices are damn near retail prices on items that haven't been a retail item for a few years - for example, they sell a 3 year old desktop that cost 499 new for 399. Just keep your money in your pocket (and your hand in there as well to protect it) and you'll be fine. __This review was from April of 2008 - that's over 6 years ago now. I just wanted to point out to the reviewer who referred to my review that it's possible the place fell under new ownership since then or changed out some of the items inside as it had been several years since my experience. Also, I find it amusing that the other review says they are as good as it gets and then gives them one star more than I did. If I had the experience described, I would have given 5 stars. Great service? Discounts? Exactly what you wanted? 3 stars. Yelp is weird, man.
3	I don't know if the other reviewers have never been in a pawn shop before or not, buuuuut, I saw none of what they described. We went in, they had what we were looking for (a power inverter; and in fact, went out of their way to find it for us), and were extremely nice. Everyone there spoke English, and the manager was awesome.  I had blown the power inverter we were using to power our computers, cooking appliances, etc, while on the road.  They not only sold to us at a discount, he threw in a surge protector for free (so I wouldn't blow THIS one). This shop was clean, had a great location, all the employees were awesome.  I say they are as good as they get!
