4	A decent Quiznos location - no different from most of the other ones.
5	I have to disagree with the previous reviewer; this Quiznos is actually REALLY different from all other Quiznos establishments! The owner, Mr. Dille takes a lot of pride in running his business, and it really shows. Not only is this one of the cleanest and quickest Quiznos I've ever been to, but it's also apparently one of the more successful in the region, so they get to try out fancy new stuff from HQ.The staff are always friendly and welcoming, and they know their regulars which is nice. My boyfriend and I have very differing tastes on vegetables/condiments so when we share a sub the order can be quite tricky but they almost always get it right. The one time one of my orders took a little long (like... 4 minutes?) they even gave me a free sub coupon! This is definitely my go-to sandwich/sub place, although sadly since I only eat fish now I cannot go there as much as I used to.Oh yes - and to prove my first point, I went to a Quizno's in New York this summer and they totally failed at wrapping my torpedo. They also didn't go "whoo torpedoooo!" when they packaged it.
4	Great food, prices are more reasonable when you use their Q club coupons!
4	Good Quiznos location. Takes national coupons unlike the Pitt location.Fast courteous service. Had the lobster and seafood sub yesterday for dinner. Great value for the money and really tasty.
3	Better than the "other sub shop". The condiment station is definitely a plus.
4	I get lunch often here before going to a weekly seminar at CMU. The sandwiches are tasty. Restaurant and bathrooms are clean. The staff is friendly. It seems to take quite a while to put together a sub, but I think most of that is due to the speed of the toaster. Not a bad option for S. Craig Street takeout.  CMU wifi seems to work here.
4	As far as fast food subs go... this place is pretty good.  So far everything I've had from here was fresh and tasty.  It's a very busy location, but the line moves through pretty quickly.  If they'd just put pickles on my sandwiches without a hassle,  instead of referring me to the pepper bar, I'd give them 5 stars.  But they have pickles right in front of them for sandwiches that come with pickles, I don't know why it seems to be such a big deal to add them to my to-go sandwich so I don't have to open it up to add them.  Other than that... I'm a fan!
5	Love burgers there.
2	Let me start off by saying I've been to this Quiznos over 20 times, and that's a conservative estimate.  Last year they had probably a 25% failure to make the right sandwich rate.  But they have Improved this year to about 10% though.  It can be a good place to eat if you follow a couple guidelines.  First off,  never tell them what you don't want on sandwich.  Even though the ingredients are clearly listed behind them they will look at you like your speaking another language.  Tell them " I want an x with just the y and z".   Next,  don't tell them what veggies you want before theyve cooked it.  They will forget it or look at you weird.  It's kind of a hassle because you have to keep track of your sub through the cooking process but that's just the way they do it.  Follow those rules if you wanna have a good meal.Also if the manager is reading this yelp review like any good manager should then Know this:  every single time anyone orders a sub at your quiznos they are asked if they want it for here to go twice? Is the first one just for fun?  That's a lack of communication that reflects poorly on every single customer that comes through.
3	Good, fast food.I stop here every so often when I'm walking on Craig for an inexpensive, but filling meal. Go for the sub combos, easily the best deal on the menu and make sure you ask them to toast it!
4	This Quiznos is similar to most others and is well maintained.The reason I am writing this review however is to applaud the staff that work here.  I think this is probably the only fast food place I've ever been to where the staff are friendly, make your food quickly and correctly, and seem to actually care about your presence.  I've even been offered discounts by the gentlemen at the register a few times without even knowing that my meal qualified for them.
